THE OSBORNE HERESY CASE, 'The District Meeting was continued at the York-street V. es leyan Church on Thursday, and again yesterday, when the inquiry respecting the charge of heresy against the Rev. J Osborne! was continued On Thursday morning, before entering on the inquiry attention was ( called, as a matter of privilege, to the reported proceedings of the meeting which had appeared in the daily papers The unfortunate, writers or manners of these reports, whom no one seemed to know, were rather severely handled for their " unbmlhe.ly " and dishonourable'' conduct Several ministers expressed strong indi 'nation that any member or no use of the meeting; should not so unworthily as to convey to the secular press reports of the proceedings before the settlement of the hob rise The rep. its which had been published were unsparingly condemned us unfaithful. A resolution was then moved and seconded, charging the writers or inspirer of the said property with a breach of privilege This endeavour to coerce the independence- and liberty of individual member of the meeting was very) warmly re fisher, and on a pcntlemimprotested that he would not be brought into bondage by any such Star Chamber attempt. This expression wits subsequently withdrawn. The resolution, however, was ultimately passed by a large majority. On the motion of the Rev. G. Hurst, it was then resolvol,-"lh-t a full report of the, proceedings, con- training the entire evidence, when the findings of the meeting, be published in the daily papers at the close of the case The meeting then proceeded to takcovidenoHontho remaining Charge, ti7 " General in his of preaching" and " Ministerial conduct in the front" On the first of these burges, evidence was given by the Rev. J B. Waterhouse", was stated that he had heard Mr Osborne's sermon on Buddhism, and felt der play p lined us he left the church at the almost entire absence of itltthinlis» doctrine throughout the discourse The Rev. G. Hurst, who had been Mr OHh in on several open, and, less need whip to him _i.{_rai.d objectionable peculiar critics in his style of preaching Ki'_,iindiug Mr. Osborne's ministerial con duct in the cm mt, evidence was received by letter and by oral testimony, but was not regarded! as implying anything serums Tins completed this evidence in the case, Mr Osnouvi'iheunddr»s-.(?i the meeting at considerable length in his defence. He spoke with great self-possession clearness, and force, and was listened to throughout with marked attention. He commenced by stating his belief in all the essential truths of Christianity. In referring to his sermon on Roman Catholicism, he repeated what he had before said, that his purpose on that occasion was mostly and fearlessly to exhibit the excellencies and finals of the a) stein. He pointed out that nothing he had then uttered on some of the excellence s of this system was half so broad or forcible na pus. uses to be found in the writing of of W early on the above" subject. I v. o or three of these pansies be read He maintained that his teaching in that sermon on Llomamstu was not. at variance with the standards of the Methodist Church While he felt that his motives were pure and honest, in saving thus to do men pond, and was fully to houseful to Roman Catholics, who tolls not retract anything he had said on the subject He had come to the York street Church with no other purpose than to preach Christ or to Christianity, and he was, determined, should it but he w ill of his brethren to give him the copra firmly, to sent out to dist will nllhismipht Hob tdiiltendy been greatly once rigid in his work in their) «.idslotciolv hoped nothing would occur to interrupt him in this week Mr Osborne then 10 fired from the seconds, that his presence mph? in no way embark on is the decision After long and careful consideration. the follow the resolutions were adopted -' but after hearing Mr Osborne's frank (declaration of no belief in the Duty of the Lord Jesus Christ, in fact atonement for sin by the death, in the Deity of the Holy Ghost in the plenary inspire noon of the Holy Scriptures, and in the east a-v or pain, in my head in his dedication of sincere attachment to Methodist doctrine generally as embodied in our mknowlwlgetl standards, we. < orderly and 11 his statements as full and early- ton As the spirit' time we regret that his method of pro- senting these truths in at times in inexact as to produce the supression of the minds of some that he is erroneously doctrine. 2 in reference to the sermon delivered in the York-street Church on Sunday evening, April 22, 1943, or Roman either t hem, we are convinced that Mr. Osborne is found in the doctrines of Protestantism is held by the Methodist Church Yet from the evidence we are satisfied that in the former part In a discourse he was 1 ungarded in his statements as to appear to advance doo times not in harmony with our standards _.. that the president communicate the forgoing resolutions to Mr. Osborne "a 