OUR GOLDFIELDS. RAVENSWOOD. WARDEN PEARS reports as follows to the Under Secretary for Mines, under date 1st instant : " I have the honour to report on the district under my charge for the month of May as follows: "I have much pleasure in reporting that the improvement in the mining prospects of Ravenswood and its vicinity which commenced a few months back is being fully maintained. The principal mundic claims at work namely, the Hack Jack, Shillaraalccr, and Mcllanaur, continue to raise ore in quantities which tax to the utmost the carrying power available be; tween here and the railway line. Owing to the present high rate of carriage and difficulty of procuring teams, there is little inducement to mine-owners to raise ore in large quantities if they have sufficient capital to confine themselves for the present to preparatory work, and await the completion of railway communication and the consequent saving of some £2 per ton before commencing to raise ore on a large scale. "During the month I have laid off a reward claim on the New Ideas reef which has been struck at a depth of 120ft., carrying mundic of very good quality and of a payable size. " There have been registered for the month twelve residence areas, seven P. P. areas, four G. M. leases, of a total of twenty-three acres and six G. F. homesteads, of a total of 41 acres 1 rood. " The crushing for the month, exclusive of the Sandy Creek and Trieste mills, has been in all 322 tons of surface and stone for 28oz. "Silver ore to the amount of 43 tons and mundic ore 1299 tons have been sent away, making a total of tj2k tons, equal to at least 500oz. of gold in value." " The earnings for the month may therefore be roughly put at lOOOoz., which is nearly four times the coming of the month of May, 1882. There are also a large number of Chinese working alluvial, who must be making good earnings by the extensive works they undertake in the form of dams, races, &c.; "An escort left on the 3rd ultimo, taking 328Ö0. 7dwt. 16gr. gold, the accumulation of six months. "The warden and commissioner's revenue amount to a total of £101 5s." THERE was a banquet recently in Roma, (writes " Endymion") at which the editor was to play his drum, and a Highland piper was engaged to assist in recapturing the guests. But the musicians fell out, as all great musicians do ; it is characteristic of great souls to be pugnaciously querulous ; my readers will notice how exceedingly ill-tempered I sometimes appear. But to our muttons. A dread f id combat took place. The drum beat boldly, and the pipes shrieked weirdly, and the players appeared equal in their greatness I but the pace was too warm, and with one maddening rush of righteous rage the newspaper man fell re- lentlessly on his Highland foe, doubled him up in no time, and sentenced him pipes and all into the drum. The pipes ceased, and the piper, after a few frantic kicks, gave up the ghost. But those frantic kicks were a great success for the drum, the audience admitting that it never discoursed so sweetly before. Now of nights, when the editor man is tired, he sits down and whistles "The Lass o' Gowrie," and at the invocation the spirit of the Scotchman gets into the drum and energetically kicks. We all know how strong a Scotchman's spirit is-the Bladcnoch brand for instance-and the music of the drum is truly Wagnerian in the sublimity of its expressiveness. It is said to be spirit- stirring the Scotchman's spirit stirring. I don't know that this story is true ; it was told to me and is a Roman boast, and I know it has some foundation in fact. AN Irishman was employed lately doing some work on a railway-bridge on one of the Northern lines. He had occasion to climb up one of the iron pillars that supported the bridge to do some work, and, just as the engineer who was support tomlin),' the job happened to be walking under nearly, down came Paddy flop on to his shoulder, sending him sprawling. As soon as he had regained his feet, "Hallo, Pat," he ejaculated, " where did you come from i" "From the North of Ireland, stir," replied Pat. 