GIRLS’ GOSSIP. (From Truth.) —Your loving cousin, MADGE. DEAREST AMY,— You will never guess what Mand and I are going to taka lessons in ! Do you give it up ? Dressmaking ! We cannot afford always to have our things from the really good makers or the beat tailors, and we are so disgusted with the way the smaller fry mtsßt ns aud ruio our materials that we have resolved to see if wo cannot win a victory over fabrics and. figure.- You know that lovely brocade that was my mother’s, and that I have always hesitated to have made up because I hated the idea of the scissors being introduced to.it. Well, it went so beautifully with anew coat bodice I have of rich golden-brown velvet, trimmed; with some old point, that I dscidad to have the brocade made into a skirt,.arranged:over pleatings of velvet, and with drapery of /ifche*Jatter at the back. Do be very sorry for mej Amy, dear I It is rained. I will not bore you with the fatal details. Suffice it to say that the catas trophe is so tremendous; as' to lead oa to the : above-named energetic resolution. ' Amiwfaom are we going to"get to teach us ?. Don t be alarmed when-I tell you that our Preceptor is tb .be ah Association, and that it is known as the Sctentifio DressrCutfclng Sys tem.' We are ambitious,'you see, going in for science at. a bound.> After we have bad a t couwe of lessons, we intend to send our joint maid to one v of the olasiei, and surely, after; such a liberal dose of scientific lore,'we shall’ be able to turn out something better than the! rows of disappointments which at present' hang upon the books in our wardrobes. We can hardly do’ttwrrc. :-Tn fact, it is said that by the use of this system of “ dress-cutting by • square measurement/* a misfit is impossible. ou your smile photo graphed ? It is one of the latest of fashionable whims. It rather reminds one of the famous Cheshire cat, which was able to leave its grin ■ behind it,” You know that poor, dear Miae Meagrocheek,_ who has been engaged for euch nniaamongotiaio to a { lieatenant in the, navy, wlio ie waiting for bis'pfomotibn'before getting married ? He has been away with hie ship for ‘ three years, and she—anxious to send him a favourable view of her smile—had a Bet of false teeth put iu before she had it photographed. Poor thing 1 One does not know whether to laugh at or pity her. ii little Mrs .Dash -.went to havo here taken ” with any q'uantity.'of red paint on her ape, aud was horrified to find that red, in photography, comes out black ! . y°.“ .remember those detestable Campbell P™. whb-.iead-their poor stepmother such'a life ? I wish we could got “them to read the new novel, lc Moncrieffo’o second wife,” for the girls in that hook behave just as infamously to their stepmother—a; gentle .quiet; creature, too refined to fight them with their own weapons. Maud says she should like to have a copv prettily bonnd, and send it to the three girls as a joint new year’s gift, I agree; but I should omit the pretty binding, and could even find;it in my heart to viciously mark pas sages for their especial edification. I fancy you would prefer London to the country-just now. The east wind does not get such a clean sweep in town as it can across the fields. There is a confer of our garden which it cannot invade, as we discovered by watch, ing the habits of Tip, our terrier, and Mrs Moloney, our cat—so called after the Irish laundress who gave -.' her to us. Then there are the pictures, which, to appre ciate them properly, one ought to take in hommopathio doses. There are the battle pictures,, which, by the way, I do not like, and gentle Maud delights in. Odd,-is it not 1 If you come up, you shall be taken to see them, and then you shall cry before “Blind ” at the Qrosvenor, and laugh at the .Impressioniates —even a better " crop of jokes” than Mr Whistler's. Then we will pay what Oliver Wendell Holmes calls “ the white exiguous coin,” and pass the portals of the Royal Academy. A capital supplement was issued with the .PoK Mall Gazelle of last Saturday, wbioh shail be our guide on the occasion. You know how difficult it is to find'out the pictures really worth seeing, and how annoying, on one’s return from a flying visit to town to dis cover that one has miaaed Hu-——- imt rruiou every one is talking. This sup plement gives a plan of each gallery, ebonlug the position of tbs principal pictures upon the wails, so that one knows the precise spot to look for them. The space on each plan wUjoh represents the floor of esob room is occupied by. the numbers, artists’ names, and names of the pictures passed in review. It is impossible to miss anything good with this for a guide. It is as difficult to fiod one particular pic ture in these rooms as it is to discover a para graph in a daily paper. Have you ever ob served in what an incomprehensible way this latter eludes tha most vigilant search ? Your pictorial education will not even then be complete. You will have to sea the wateri colours at Princes’ Hall. I Send you the cata logue to study at your leisure, go that yon may taste the cup of anticipatory delights. After that, you shall be taken to the Dord Gallery, where every one * speaks in a sub dued voice, as though it were a church. If yon do not experience a severe mental indiges tion after all this, yon must be endowed with a quite abyesmal capacity. As for me, there comes a point when I simply cannot see any more pictures. They might almost ha empty canvas, so impossible is it for my crowded mind to receive any impression from them... . . We‘went to the Royal Academy on tha opening day, though leas for-the purpose of eeeing the pictures than the people. There was the usual curious mixture. Mammon and models; artiste* wives and daughters; strong-minded worn-nin “sensible’’ bonnets, and girls of a wholly frivolous nature whoso headgrar was of the fly-away variety! Among the men, Bohemia was well represented, the unconventional velvet coat and not quite immaculate tweed suit rubbing shoulders with the Philistinio conventionality of the frock coat or the “cut-away.’.’ The loose trousers and uncompromisingly “comfortable" boots of the Bohemians, (the hoots not _ too carefully blacked) contrasted with the tightened knees and pointed toea, in which not even the veriest Apollo could look picturerque. The Byronic throats of the dwellers in the country, whose capital ought to be, but is no’, Prague, with deeply turned down collars and flowing, ties, were a delicious satire upon the utter discomfort of the two inch breadth of starched linen which the “Masher” wears. - It was an'amusing “show.” • Wo saw a lady carrying a little dog the other day, and the dog had on a necklace of precious stones. What an encouragement for dog.steaiers—was it not ? Apropos of jewels: Did you see that after the dance at Lowther Lodge last week, the host advertised in the Morning Post, requesting that particulars of property loot at his "house on that occasion might be sent to him at :once! I suppose, there had been quite a trouvaille of wander-: ing possessions. Where do you think: Mr Benedict took his wife for a wedding trip? To visit tha tomb' of her predecessor, who died in Italy two years ago. What a cheerful proceeding! And, to make it more festive still, they performed the journey in company with a huge wreath of immortelles, bought at Govent Garden on tho wedding day, I wonder what the sensations of the bride were as they stood by' the tomb ? I don’t suppose they were precisely., enviable,' and, in fact, I think Mrs Benedict No. I, if she were about,. could hardly have like the busi ness either. ■ ■ • How dreadful, tinder such circumstanoea.-to be a naiiless and a toogneless ghost i \--But it seems a shame to jest on such a subject. Do you remember Mrs Barrett- Rrowningk exquisite line'!The Brown Rosary,” when tha girl imagines a somewhat similar incident ? She describes her love Hooking into the eyes of another girl, and finding hie haavan in them— “ While olhir eyes, indeed cf heaven, wore dark ening down on him.”' - Wo have bad May staying with us for the last 10 days,' from: Devonshire, whence ehe arrived with a truly provincial appetite for eight-seeing and play-going. We took her to Toole’s Theatre, whore she almost laughed her : ’elf into hysterics, and made us nearly as bad; and to the Olympic, where ehe cried over the woes of Madame- Genevifcve Ward as Rachel. We all agreed that tho author of the piece has dealt out very hard lines to that nice'" Sir Philip. Rachel wears a lovely dark red silk dress tamed up with pale blue, which suits her in her fair wig, to perfection.' ' ” Apropos! We saw a very pretty costume. of black silk, picked out with cardinal, at lbs Prince da Polignac’a wedding on Saturday morning.. It. was on a very nice girl, too. The wedding waa a very quiet one; but the bride was exquisitely dressed, with such a graceful fringe of flowers round the efl|a of her dress, and some adorable ■ old- laoei ;Wo coveted her bouquet—an 'extohsivs'one—of whitelilao and stephanotis, ■' ;f . I It you like a song that makes people cry, get 11 Two Little Shoes,” by Miss Boae Barnby. When well sung, it iajreally pathetic, and the words are very pretty. Khubrrb is plentiful just now, and is a wholesome i£ scarcely an ideal fruit. I will tell you how to sublimise a rhubarb tart, so that people will scarcely believe they are eat ing so homely a dish. Desire your cook on no account to peel the rhubarb, but merely to wash it and wipe it dry with a cloth of imma culate purity, Haviag filled a large pie-dish with the pieces, add the necessary quantity of sugar and half a teaspoouful of ground ginger, the grated peel of half a lemon, and two glasses of port. Gentlemen approve highly of this exalted method of presenting rhubarb to the palate. Good-bye,'dear.- 