More Ghost Stories. Mil. Heaphy'b ghost story, published in our last week's issue, oaused considerable intorest and discussion on its roccnt republication in pamphlet form in London. A oorrospondsnt .writing to a oontomporary aaya I was much interested in tha story of Mr. Hoaphy. It puts mo in mind of a ciroum stanoo the particulars of which ara similarly strange and thoroughly authentic: Nearly a sooro of yoars ago, in Australia, X was a con stant visitor at the house of a gentleman, one of whoso daughters was the promised wife of a naval officer in Her Majesty's sorvice, and then stationed on the South American'coast. One afternoon M. was seated with hor Bister in an upper ohamber. Suddenly she half rose and gave a violent soream. " What ifl the matter ?" cried 0., her sister. " I saw poor Goorge [her lovorl -oh, so nlainlv. Ho was wringing his hands imploringly, and brushed close to mo as ho passed aoross the room 1" Her sister strove to calm her agita tion, but M. could not bo persuaded that her feara for her lover's welfare were groundless. Going up to his pioturo on the wall she wroto the time of (lay and the date on its baok. Several months elapsed and no nows came to warrant M.'s apprehension. But one morn ing, as the family wore examining letters from the daily post, M. sank baok with a bitter cry, and gaspod out that her lover had been drowned together with seven soamen, three months before, as he was crossing a harbor bar. Hor sister spoke of tho coincidenco of the apparition in the upper room, Several members of the family hastened up stairs and examined the pioture, A comparison was mado, and it was found that the date on the pioture and the date of tho drowning corre sponded oxaotly, making allowanco for the longitudinal differenoo in. time. Another correspondent writes : - Mr, Heaphy's 'ghost story recalls a story rolatod to me by an eye-witness o£ the occurrences. Forty years ago a retired barrister purchased a house situated near Hounslow Heath, on the outskirts of London, It datod from the beginning of tho last century, but was in good condition. It had lain vaoant for many years. For a month after tho family's oocu pation overy night thoro would bo hoard the piteous wailing of an infant. The grounds' and apartmonts were searched without finding anything. It was finally decided that the orios proceeded from a window in tho library. As tho constant wailing was a great source of annoyance, tho gentleman's wife urged that the panelling be torn down and tho wall examined. Her husband at last yielded. The panelling wag stripped away and tho wall opened. In a small recess, next the window, was found the skeleton of an infant, whioh, according to the opinions of medical men, must have been there for over half a century. Tho lady who told mo this was presont, with many others, nt thoisoareh, and was the gontleman's niece. 