THE PROBLEM 03? JUSTICE. ;u The ethereal spirit of Bight and the inflexible letter of law appear to be wide, as the poles asunder. Nevertheless, it is the problem of Justice to blend them into: harmony, and to write them perfectly; on all judicial dealings with brother-man. -i The vulgar and unspiritual mind invari- ' ably inclines to a strict legality. It. dis cerns not, and cannot discern the "inward and spiritual grace" which informs the '! outward and visible sign." It goes far ther than this. It tortures the " letter " into agreement with its own evil and ferocious Bpirit. It, therefore, turns the textual semblance of Justice into an actual pretext for injustice. As creeds, dogmas and formulas are to the soul of Christianity, so is the letter of law to the apirit of Bight. Both the one and the other are the perpetual pretext for vio lence and wrong. Hence the history of our judicatures answers precisely to the character of the men who, from time to time, have swayed them. Under a brutal Jefferies, the altars of Justice reeked with 'the innocent blood. Under a mercenary Bacon, those altars were Bullied with bribes and tainted with corruption. Un der a righteous Hale, they were conse- secrated to integrity, mercy, and the public good. There is no disguising the fact, that Law, apart from the interpre tations of Justice, may be made to mean almost anything. It was in no spirit of vulgar exaggeration, that Dan O'Connell declared that ActB of Parliament had loopholes wide enough to drive a coach and six through. The trenchant method which the ApoBtle Paul, in his epistle to the Bomans, applies to the interpretation of inspired Mosaic law— his fearless ex posure alike of its weakness and strength —his definition of its prerogatives, limita tions, uses and abuses — his clear disesteem of the " letter thatkilleth," and his heroic homage of the " spirit which giveth life all these significant facts, from such an authority on such a theme — should read a solemn lesson to us all, to scorn the slavery of the letter in order that we may live in the light and liberty of the spirit ! That the problem of Justice is only tentatively solved in our judicatures, is evident from the forms of law which prevail in our courts of justice. The evidence which a witness iB required to give before these courts is, " the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth but is this required of the gentleman prosecuting on the part of the crown, and of the barrister pleading on behalf of the accused? They are each engaged on the same case ; both have access to the same body of evidence; the professional, if not the moral, honor of the one and the other is equally at stake ; and yet the spectacle of the rival legal combatants suggests rather a wrestle for victory than for Truth, rather a gilded wrangle over points of Law than a deliberate effort to secure the triumph of Justice! Thoughtful men, who love righteousness, and who abhor all its sub terfuges and counterfeits, frankly admit -that they are scandalized by the wretched quibbling and word-bandying which dis figure our civil and criminal procedures. Sergeant Buzfuz, who holds the brief for the crown, states his case so pitilessly and exaggeratedly — is so adroit in pressing pointB which tell in his own favour, so apt to suppress points which tell against him — seems so bent upon a conviction at whatever cost of truth and honor, that his deliverance savours rather of the spirit of the Spanish Inquisition than of a British court of justice. On the other hand pri soner's counsel putB such a different face upon the matter, construes the law and evidence in the case to such utterly diffe rent issues, interests so irresistibly the feelings and sympathies of the panel on the part of his client, that the whole pro ceeding wears (according to learned .counsel's shewing) rather the aspect of a question of opinion than one of Law and Bight ! "W e are possibly too enamoured of our system of trial by jury, and con sequently fail to see its really weak points. At best it is but a tentative system of Justice, a system of checks, contrarieties and probabilities — as an at tempt to solve the Problem of Justice, its machinery is singularly cumbrous, indirect and circumlocutory. Worse than all, it is not even true either to the letter or to the Bpirit of its ancient charter. In it, Justice is both " sold " and " delayed ." The " law's delay " amounts to a proverb ; the sale of justice is an every day's occur rence. Justice is as marketable an article as com or beef ; it is even more so ; the market is glutted with it in the shape of briefless barristers and needy pettifoggers, ' who are prepared, at any moment, to dis grace our tribunals by Bhameful efforts to make the " worse appear the better rea son." More than this : lawyers of repute and postulated probity are in the habit of brow-beating and bullying witnesses, of confusing and paralyzing the utterances \- of truth, of setting dastardly traps, in order to ensnare the victims of the witness-box into seeming perjury. It may be urged, by way of justification, that the bench is endowed with the preroga tive of correcting the excesses of the Bar. Be it so. The fact still remains, that the Bench itself is only, for the most part, a hasty translation from the Bar— inured to bar-tactics by that long habit which amounts to second nature— therefore, only by miracle capacitated for judicial func tions and for - the responsibilities which belong to them. The space at our com mand permits but the briefest mention of the changes which are bound to take place in our ordinary legal practice, ere the Problem of Justice can receive even a proximate solution. (1) That old forensic heathenism : " ignoratio non evitat legem," must disappear entirely from the theory and practice of law. A legal enactment is also supposed to be a moral one, bind ing upon conscience, accessible and flex ible to reason. Now it is of the very essence of a moral enactment that it be both understandable and understood. In order that amoral enactment may fructify into a moral act, a knowledge of the good aud the evil, the right and the wrong, in volved in the said enactment, must be deliberately perceived, and in the light of a clear intelligence, deliberately acted upon. A free choice of good and evil is, we repeat, the soul of moral action, and knowledge, not ignorance, is the ground on which it rests. Unless this be the case, law is nothing better than a pitfall dug for unwary feet, a deed of darkness perpetrated against the interests of society, and solely in the interests of a profession addicted to dark and crooked ways. It follows from this that the law of the land must be made level to every man's compre hension. We can understand a statute of Moses, and why should we not understand a statute of G-reat Britain ? Is the Hebrew language, even in its translations, more luminous and capable in this respect, than the language which i'b dominating civilization, which has absorbed the wealth of human speech both old and new, which philologists declare to be the most vigor ous and potent upon earth ? Let us dis miss this absurdity at once from our minds ! Not in the demerits of the lan guage, but in the demerits of the legal mind, lies the secret of the crabbedness, inexactness, the wearisome tautology, the unpunctuated word- jugglery, that make English law the repellent study that it is — the plague of honest men, the refuge of knaves, the scourge of fools. (3). A salutary suspicion of all accusing voices should be entertained by every one who honestly attempts to solve the Problem of Justice. The great " accuser of the brethren" — who "accuseth them before God day and night " — is the devil, and his children take after him. Inhuman and diabolical is the spirit that metes out rigid judgment to weak and tempted man, that takes advantage of his ignorance to ensnare him, and of his poverty to crush him ! Between a " limb of the law " and a " limb of Satan," there is not much to choose ; and he who panders to the unscrupulousness of the former may fairly consider himself safe in the clutches of the latter ! . T. B. Persons Arrested.— In Victoria, the returns for a year's arrests given by the Sydney Morning Herald on Tuesday last, be trays the enormous proportion of Romanists which keeps the police busy. There were arrested one year of Protestants, 13,755 ; of Romanists, 11,033 .; of .Jews, 76 ; of Pagans, 220 ; of others, 262. .. The Romanists being in Victoria less than, one-fourth of the people, the proportions are per thousand of the popu lation arrestB of Protestants, 22.24 ; Roman ists, 54.22 ; Jews, 17.55 ; Pagans, 19.71. How enormously do those people employ the police!.. More than, twice, and a-half the arrests of Protestants ;.more than three times those of Jews! Profitable colonists, truly 1 Mrs. Hampson's Mission.— We gladly accede to the request to call atten tion to the coming mission in Sydney of Mrs. Hampson, and to !' request prayer for a great blessing on her work, to .commence (d.v.) on the 23rd, and end on the 30lli September." This wonderfully gifted lady has done an extraordinary work in England, New Zealand, and Victoria. Her oratory, to judge from newspaper accounts of . her June 10 days mission in Melbourne, Bimply beggars des cription. The Missionary at Home and Abroad, edited by the Rev. H. B. Macartney, M.A., of Melbourne, quotes a. clergyman's opinion thuB: — " She has three qualities ? imper fection, voice, pronunciation and.fluency both in thought and speech.. She seems to be filled with zeal, and to speak in the power of the Holy Ghost." The Southern Cross says ; — "No other evangelist has ever produced so profound an impression in New Zealand ; she brings rare and noble gifts to her work." The World speaking of her first public service in Melbourne in the Bijou Theatre from which hundreds were crowded out :— "Mrs. Hamp son's discourse can only truly be described sb a perfect masterpiece of pulpit oratory. This lady is a born orator. Nothing can . exceed the cbasteness and beauty of her style, the thrilling force of her appeals, the towering grandeur of her loftier flights. But at , the Bame time not a word iB spoken for effect, not a tone, not a gesture, not an attitude betrayed self-consciousness in the preacher. . It was the inspiration of pure genius, and its effect was irresistable. The vast audience sat spell bound. noo® No such preaching was ever before heard in Melbourne. In force of eloquence, powers passion, and sweep of dra matic expression, it could hardly be excelled. Whilst listening the hearer apprehends the power of the spell over their audience, exer cised by such preachers as Whitfield, Moody, Spurgeon, and others of that class." After such panegyrics, need it be said that the crowds were unable to gain admission to hear Mrs. Hampson increased every night daring her 10 days mission in Melbourne last June, even though Mrs. Hampson abhors all sensa tionalism. There is a wonderfully treat in store for the citizens of Sydney, and wo trust that a wonderful blessing will come with it. Tuberculosis for Rabbits.— Dr. Mackellar has proved upon the bodies of some able-bodied rabbits how rapidly inocu lation of tuberculosis infects and kills. But we beg leave to doubt the efficacy of this mode of exterminating the rabbit plague in the country. It seems to us like the method of killing fleas profounded and sold by the old Charlatans, which opened with the direction, "first catch your flea, then, &c.;" To infect the many millions of rabbits how many maleB must be caught, inoculated, and let loose again ? There are many men affected with tuberculosis, but it has not exterminated the race or appreciably checked its increase. The same may be said of cattle, and we have no hope that rabbits who multiply so much more rapidly than men or cattle, will sensibly diminish, because a few tuberculized patients are here and there let loose amongst them. What would the others be doing ? More Redmond Romancing. — The cable sends the story that Mr. Redmond haB reported to the Irish National League, that Mr. Copeland had to retire from the N. S. W. Government because of his sympathy with Mr. Redmond's Mission 1 We understood the cause was well—" indigestion." The romancer is however cured of his boasting about Protestant chairmen at hiB meetings. The Protestant Standard settled that misre presentation. It is only of Romish Bishops hp now ventures to report. The R. C. Arch bishops of Sydney and Melbourne disapproved of his agitation. The R. C. Bishops of Maitland and Goulburn approved. But what Protestant Bishops? Ho used to boast that his work and his following were not merely Roman Catholics. When he counts his forces and marches he seeB nothing else but Houly Church. Eaunceston Invalid Depot.— Our readers may remember that at the cele bration of the 12th July in Launceston, Tas mania, it was mentioned with indignation that the poor old people of the Invalid Depot had, by the action of the priest, been forbid den to have the Bible read to them by visitors and others, and Orangemen and women were strongly urged to petition the Attorney- General to put a stop to the intolerant pro ceeding. We are glad to say that the matter wbb not allowed to rest there, and the authori ties have interfered for the protection of the poor old folk. Of course a newspaper cor respondence was evoked as in all free British communities any matter of public interest will. The priest was amongBt the writers ; and the Launceston Examiner says that hiB first letter was remarkable for "gentleness of tone." But after this gentle letter had been written the tactics of the priest at the invalid depot were foiled by the action of the government consequent on the outcry raised against his intolerant and unwarrantable proceedings, and then the Roman official shewed his true intolerant character. "Gentleness of tone " is not what his second letter is re markable for. It is such an epistle as no gentleman could write. In it he accuses the Launceston Examiner of "special pleading"for which indeed his own epistle is remarkable. He begins: — "Sir, — I find a little local in your issue of yesterday, for which I must hold you responsible. It is very ingenious, but pity it is so disingenuous. When you write upon public questions it is not too much to expect you will not act the partisan if you would secure respectability for your journal." Be it remembered that the Exami ner is one of the two leading journals of the capital of Tasmania. The angry priest goes on to say that " the editor is supposed to speak the truth, and not raise false issues," and, after about six incheH of little, but incoherent, raving, lets out the cause of his first aggres sive step. For, according to him, the visitB of ladies to the female Roman Catholic in valids, " I have but too good reason to know resulted in this, a cake in one hand to nourish the body, and a tract in the other hand to kill the soul." From all this one would fancy that the Examiner had written a regular Protestant Standard Bort of article, and had boldly denounced the priest and his intolerant sacerdotal pretensions. No such thing ; the Examiner has put all friends of the priest to the blush by publishing the holy man's violent vulgar letter, verbatim, and in a dozen lines calling attention to the tone of the epistle, repeats what was said in the " little local " that gave the R. C. priest such offence, thus, " unless we have been grossly misinformed, all denominations have been placed on an equal footing with regard to visiting the in mates of the Dep6t ; and moreover, that female invalids are to have the same privi leges as the males. One of these privileges is the right to be present at any religious ser vice that is held in the Dep6t if they choose, but which hitherto they have not been per mitted to do." It does not take much to rile these holy intolerants. Priests and Hospitals.— These gentlemen never can help meddling un pleasantly in benevolent institutions. The Tasmanians have just had to appeal to the government' against a priest who interfered to prevent ' the Bible being read to the in mates of ' the Launceston Invalid Dep6ty and the Goulburn Hospital has suffered similarly in the unwarrantable hauling down of bible texts from its walls. In France it . would seem that they deal in a very summary man ner with these ever grasping, never satisfied, priests of Rome. It iB evident that there they have been, according to their custom, usurp ing an authority that is not their own, and introducing discord, just as they are per petually doing in every asylum here where they have any and not entire power. The S. M. Herald learns " that the Prefect of the Seine, with the sanction of the French Government, has issued a decree abolishing the chaplain cies in the Paris hospitals and closing ; the ohapels ; no regular ministerial visitations are to be made, and no priest will be allowed to enter a hospital unless expressly , sum moned by a patient. The Archbishop of Paris, in a letter to the priests in the parishes where these institutious are situated, strongly protests against this decree sb "cruel in tolerance and, as a final and practical ar gument against the measure, points out that, with religion tabooed, the hospitals will cer tainly for the future lose bequests from wealthy and devout Catholics, by which;. in past times they have so largely benefitted." Rome seems to be getting the worst of the fight with the French Republic. A short time ago a cablegram told us that the Pope had written to President Grevy complaining of the treatment by France of the R. iG. church, and that the President sent a friendly reply, but reminded his Holiness that thecleri- Gals had first attacked the Republic. Rome is perpetually plotting against the Republic, the chosen government of the people. In Ger many, she plots against the constituted authority ; in Ireland her priests have always fomented rebellion, and where any govern ment is not entirely in the hands of the priests, they are always to bo found foment ing discord, whether the government be that of a nation, monetary concern, or eleemosy nary institution. The general state of insti tutions that have fallen into their hands does not redound to their credit. The Fall of tlie Pathriot.— The O'Ryan, of Windsor, recently drove a green Irish jaunting car through the streets of Windsor with "Parnell, Redmond, and Home Rule " lettered on the back of it. It was. a very Donnybrook fair Bort of proceeding another version, of " thread on the tail of my coat ;" but he failed to excite his natural enemies — the orangemen — to more than in extinguishable laughter at the ludicrous ap propriateness of the quadruped that drew the absurd concern, viz., a donkey. Much wroth at this, the Irishman, spoiling for a fight, it would seem, backed his show up to the door of an orangeman, but to no purpose. The orangeman would cheerfully have let it stay there all day. Not a cowardly Saxon of them alb would even throw a Btone ; thoy would.de nothing but laugh ; so, as the annoyed Irish man must have a row, he fell out with his ass. Malicious people would say that the two donkeys fell out. Be this as it may there was a disagreement between the two. Per haps the patient quadruped did not approve of the land league, and did not care to drag the green absurdity about. Perhaps he dreaded the anger of offended loyal Britishers; but it is more probable that it gradually dawned on the dull senses of Mr. O'Ryan that he was only making a laughing stock of him self, and he vented his consequent ill-humour upon the patient beastie. However that be it is certain that our two heroes disagreed, and the quadruped got the best of the argu ment, for it bolted down the river bank and upset the green car and its contents. We learn that the fall "nearly killed" Mr. O'Ryan, but that must bo merely a figure of speech, and the Irish National League has not yet to mourn the early death of one of its brightest ornaments, for was it not this same Mr. O'Ryan who, like a wild Indian, danced in and out of, nnd round the fire, at the burning of the effigy of James Carey, on the banks of. the Hawkesbury the other night. The Glebe Electorate. — Sir G. W. Allen having resigned his position. as representative. of the Glebe in the Legislative Assembly, Brother M. Chapman has received a requisition, signed by about five hundred of the electors, inviting him to come forward as a candidate. . There is one Mr. Daley, of Greek proclivities, and Mr. Pritchard, whose candidateship we scarcely think to be in earnest. At all events the claims of Mr. Chapman, the Mayor of the Glebe, and formerly twice Mayor of Sydney, towers aloft over all others. The Glebe will be honoured by having him for a representative. He has been a resident at the Glebe for twenty years, and the longer he is known the higher he stands in public estimation. Come forward, good men and true, and let the poll speak your decided preference. Wild Irish at Windsor.— What rare good fellows these pathriotic land leaguers are ; devout Romans though they be, their attendance to their rites and ordinances of their church does not seem to suppress all the innocent fun that is part of their warm Irish natures. They are such faithful children ; that "Holy Church" deals very leniently with them in the way of penances, and encourages them in their gentle and elevating amusements. Of course such gloriouB news at the murder of the man Carey urged the kind hearted, excitable papist paddy to wild expressions of joy. Protestant paddies we do not include, for they, it is much to be re gretted, are deficient in the quality that enables their compatriots to rejoice at cold blooded murder. The occasion of the murder of Carey was a signal for the great outburst of rejoicing among the pathriots at Ballarat band" other, i pi aces in Australia, , ; besides , . in -(Dublin ; and .other places i in : i Ireland, . these b genial: fellows held bonfireB, fired off guns, '(abused and threatened what they would or o'would not do to all who did not, agree with f>them, and the pathriots of our own Windsor \- (were not behind in their celebration in the ,i Irishmen's own peculiar way. The, intelli gent Irish gentlemen of that i place made an -<effigy of their some time hero, the late. Mr. > James Carey, tied it to a stake on the bank ofthe Hawkesbury, 'placed faggots round it, set a light to them and burnt i it, while one of Ithei party danced in and out; of and round the , fire'- in the excess of his exultation. The method of burning the effigy is a very pecu- \- liarly papistical one ; it recalls to the mind very i forcibly the stake and the faggot, ; at i which Rome burnt; so many heretics;; perhaps ithose gentln." Irish patriots". intended that it -should. Anyhow, this burning at the stake 3 has: always been a very favorite amusement cof hers, and it would perhaps be more politic ipfiher and her faithful Irish children not to -remind the hated heretics of it too forcibly. While talking of the great, rejoicing among /the' papist Irish at the death of Carey, we \- would call attention to the fact that little re- greit was expressed by them for the Phoenix i Park/and other abominable murders that have "disgraced Ireland, and that these people who (rejoice so greatly at the murder of Carey, re- -joicednotat all at the execution of such ruffians as> Brady and Kelly, who. hacked defenceless ;m'en to death with knives, and even after .their innocent victims . were deud went on passing their knives again and again into lifeless, bodies. That was of course more of that-rolh'ckinglrishV. fun spoken of above. ,'A| very favorito amusement of the impressible -native's of Ireland is warning and torturing Icattle or killing them right out. Protestants (being of course favorite game further sort of joking, and it would seem that emigration to Australia has not destroyed their sense of humour in this line, for Iwho but ' a thrue oirish pathriot ' trained by ' Holy Church;' -would have seen any fun or profit in destroy ing these two valuable horses of an, Orangeman, yet somebody has done so, for two horses valued at £60 each, belonging; . to Mr. -Beveridge, were c poisoned jt he. ' ;o t h er; /day. ;Now Mr.. Beveridge is such a . particularly kind-hearted upright and charitable gentleman, and 1 therefore, ; so : deservedly . popular - and generally respected, that it is difficult, to imagine that he could have;. made a personal enemy/- So it must have been done for fun. The/ (Redmond ipission, the : murders in Ireland/the death of Carey, have so excited the humour of the Irish papists that one of them we strongly suspect, has just played off a(. little practical joke on. Mr. Beveridge. Similar to the many that are played in Ireland for cattle killing is be it remembered, a very favorite amusement of Irish papists. - Un fortunately Mr. Beveridge being a dull Protestant does not appreciate the. fun. . /A Curious Prohibition Law. —There is a curious law relating to the liquor traffic in Tennessee. A law has. been passed by. the Legislature of that State prohibiting the i sale of intoxicating liquors to minors without the written consent of their parents or'guardians. / Nor are intoxicating liquors to be' sold in future to .habitual drunkards with out the consent of their wives. The practice 'of ('requiring a doctor's certificate prevails in some' of the States which have passed prohi bitory laws, but it has not been found effective on/the whole for the desired purpose. It remains to be seen whether the experiment; to be (tried in Tennessee, will /prove, more .successful. Pears however, are entertained -that' minors- with a taste for, spirituops liquors 'will succumb to the temptation of occasionally forging; the; signatures of their parents and guardians'to" the .written consent necessary to enable; them ; to i indulge in their, propensity for - strong- drinks ; ,and, moreover, ; that .the wives 'of habitual drunkards will.be too often (compelled' by violence to sign the requisite authority for the : sale of. liquor to! .their husbands, i The law certainly places j the : Tennessee wife in an embarrassing position, i as she will rnn the risk of ill-treatment by . h'er-husband. not.onlylwhen/he/is drunk, ;but also when he wants to get drunk. : Secret Societie s.—St. Janies Chronicle notices that the Pope has been very severe in his denunciations of sepret societies, whether they work in Ireland, ; or on! ; the Continent. ' To be consistent, he , should .also denounce'; the ; secret societies, which exist in his; own Church. / What are the Jesuits but a j strictly secret society ? Mysteryand. secrecy 'envelope; all their proceedings. / Areinot.all the' monastic,'. and 'conventual institutions, of 'that; Church (secret societies?. .The rules.of 'several convents, if not- all, strictly forbid the isisters 'and nuns saying one word/ as to what ' transpires at their secret meetings. . There is , also another secret society of tho Church, of -Rome,' composed mainly. of young , women- of all classes in society, .and living, as it, .is 'termed, in the ..world,!': whichilisi jest/lnow 'spreading rapidly in England'. . It', is -known as thei Society of " The Children of i Mary." 'Among- the' "Rules of the Council "j- of ithisj 'society,' -as : published in .its official > '.'-Manualj'' j 'is the -following " The most 'rigorousi silerice j 'isHrriposed (with regard- to, .all that, passesjin j the/Council." It'/, is- absolutely forbidden,; to imakehnown to any one the' advice .ori opinion ;of- Uhel members.. -Jnfidelityu.toa-.tbisu pointj (.would: compromise ctheirj conscience, ,as;theyj owbuld violato theiseal of secrecy ." .i (" Manual! idf'/the Ghildreri'jof -Mary, "-.-p., 180; i.-D.ublin: :i '.v-i 1-.- \\\ 