PULPIT PORTRAITS. [by an eclectic] ? ?? -( KO. . I. ' , . ;. ; ? -, : i The : Rev. -3.r W. .'MVmtt.a wr. m.; . . . Wesleyanisin in Fremantle has suffered many vicissitudes. Many years ago the friends of the connection met 'and' entered upon arrangements to erect a ? -nWo nf public , worship. After many delays and with much difficulty the present ' structure was raised in Cantonment-street, but further difficulties subsequently arose, and after a. prolonged, struggle the idea of establishing: a branch of the Wesleyan denomination in Fremantle was for a time abandoned, and the building was closed. Afterwards it was. rented by the late Mr. Trotter for scholastic purposes, but after a tenancy of about twelve; months he received notice- to quit the premises. A new, and, as. it appears, a successful effort was to ' be made' to supply the Wesleyans at Fremantle with the services of a minister; nhd ? owing 'chiefly to the munificent help afforded by thepreserit Mayor (Mr. George Shenton)the services of' the.Rev. J..W,, Mouland were secured-t.and the long deserted church was' re-opened for pubhc -Tvorsliip.' Unfortunately, however-, Mr. Mouland's health broke down, and' h& liad to be soon transferred to another and lighter' sphere of duty, whea the 'Rev. Vivian Roberts was' appointed to take his place at the Port. Possessed of a marvel lous degree of ' energy and Vital force, and blejJse'd/wi_th an untommoii power' of -p'e'ri' suasive eloquence, Mr. JRoberjts-yery.BQon succeeded' in- ?*tfi:actingr' such-/u; iarg^'Sn- gregation that the old building was unable to contain the number of persons who every Sunday assembled to listen to the fervid eloquence of the gifted preacher. The only thing that could be done was to enlarge the church, and this, owing to Mr. Shenton's liberality was soon done. It was when the ^ !i°!!f ^er-\ near]y completed that I attended this place of worship one Sunday evening Owing to the absence of Mr. KobertB the subject of my paper occupied the pulpit. I entered the Church about a quarter of an hour before the service began, when I found that already a good many people had assembled. Gradually and by degrees the number increased until the little church was full. There was nothing to notice in the conduct of those then? excepting that, judging- from the expression of their faces, and from their general demeanour, they seemed to feel that they had met upon some solemn business. I must confess that an amount of whispering conversation and handshaking went on which is not generally seen in any Protest ant churchy but still it was all done in such a quiet, decorous, and serious a manner that no one's susceptibilities could possibly be offended by it. Punctually as the Prison clock strikes the preacher enters the build ing, and walks slowly up the isle towards the pulpit, when a sudden hnsVi folia ^t,™ the congregation. Low he i* in stature, but solidly and broadly built, and, as he slowly turns round as he mounts the platform, his close hps aud keen eyes at once announce his decision of character. His face is pale, very pale, but for one hectic spot on each cheek winch proclaims the phthisical nature of his constitution, while hia black hair and dark whiskers and beard render his unnatural paller still more striking. Spurgeon says that a minister should enter his pulpit just as a private man walks into his drawing, room, but Mr. Mouland evidently differs iroin him, for after quietly removing his overcoat he places his hand before his eyes and silently implores that a blessing may rest upon all present. The very gesture and unobtrusive manner in which it is done at once stamps the man's deep sincerity of purpose. He then gives out the first hymn, and the very tone of his voice is sufficient to convince the listener that he is suffering from some pulmonary complaint. The hymn is heartily sung by the whole congre gation to such a tune that the Cornish miner s wife lulls her baby to sleep with, or with which the rough coast-guard man solaces himself with while doing his mid night duty on the beetling cliffs which over hang the Atlantic Ocean. The service proceeds — the opening extemporaneous prayer is quietly but expressively offered up at the Altar of the Divine Mercy, and then the first lesson is read. This Mr. Mouland takes from the first chapter of Job, and as he reads he pauses frequently to make a running commentary upon the text. Of course every man has a perfect ri-?ht to chose his own eschatology, but when Mr. Mouland stopped his reading to comment upon the wotds 'Now there was a day when the sons of God came to present themselves before the Lord, and Satan came also among them,' I must say that I was most intensely amused at his explana tion as to how the Devil came- to- Be in Heaven in company with the sons of God, and I would venture to hint that if Mr. Mouland does not happen to have a copy of t^SP^ker's Commentary upon the shelves ot his library it would have been, as well if he had read Dr. Clarke's remarks upon the subject before he commentated upon it public. The text of the sermon was, taken from the same chapter, and was delivered; with no inconsiderable amount of oratorical ability. ' The language was well chosen, the imagery used in illustration was both ap propriate and effective, and the words were enunciated with unusual clearness and distinction. 'But the matter— I was simply amazed. Ghost ;of John Wesley!.. fancy if thou canst a minister of thy society ventur ing to doubt the eternity of the' so-called eternal, punishment; try if thou canst to to realise the fact of a Wesleyan: minister daring to assert that the fiery bottomless pit, into which all orthodox believers are firmly convinced that their fellow-sinners will be cast, is to be taken figuratively and not literally !, Yet such was the fact.und I felt that the sermon Mr. Mouland delivered on this occasion did him infinite credit',' and that Canon Parrarand Stopford Brooke had not preached ; in ? vain. Since then 1 have ;been fortunate enough to meet Mr. Mouland in private, society, and pan only say that my hrst impressions of him were confirmed, and that he is a trqe.type of a thorough Christian gentleman. As regards his pulpit ministrations, I would urge everyone to seize the first opportunity which presents itself of hearing him preach, for to listen to him is an intellectual treat indeed^' 