ODD NOTES. BT A. B OHEMIAN. ., ?:?. ? ^(Jrom The Week.)' : I snoniiD have enjoypd the meeting at -Gcham last night week, at whiclv the Minister for Lands gave an account of his stewardship to the electors of the Darling Downs, tho rail ?way. navvies employed in' the vioinity, and anybody, else who thought well to attend. It ; ? i .l.«'™. n «i«ibiiwi fft liofjm fn Perkins when ho is properly ' charged before he attempts to go off, and fudging from tho , report of his BpeeoK' in the Tobwoomba papers Iconoludo that he was in full war-paint and feathers 'at ?ao'ham... Tho easy off-hand mannbr in which he hit out all round,. and disposed of hiB foes one by ono, is an interest ing Btifdy for .tlio young politician. Perkins* explanation 'of, tho manner' in which Munrp got the timbor reserves leaves no more to bo said on that score. If anybody brings that matter up again in Parliament he will deserve the inevitable fate that awaitB him. Munro has secured tho 800 acres right, enough, because, as tad luck would have it, or good luck, according to the poititof view from whiohyouregardit, the petitions against the exchange did not reach the Minister for Lands until too late. Butthefactof *his 800 acres of tho moist valuable portion of the Highfields Timbor Keserve having been 'given to Mr. Duncan 'Uuoro .in exchange for a bit of land at Cr.nvsnosl is a clear proof of the earnijst desiro th.i Minister for Lands has to settle tho land upon the pooplo, providing they ho tho right sort; oven -when ho cannot succeed in settling tho peoplo upon tho land. Mr. Munro will now be able to secure a reason able prico for his sawn timbor in and around Toowoombii, us all fears of successful compe tition are for ovor at an end j and if anybody else, of tho right sort, of course, wants to do tho Bamo in hu ? own neighbourhood— Perkins says ho will only be too glad to assist him. Indeed he invited tho persons present at his meeting to goand' oo thesome, and import valuable machinery to utilize, the timber now going to waste. Of course -nobody thought of taking him at his word.: Still, that was not his fault. He provod his impartiality by offering to treat all alike— as far as the timber reserves of tho colony would hold out. After that explanation it is quite clear that tho Minister for LandB was as public-spirited and -disinterested in Munro's land exchange as he was with his own on the Herbert Biver last year. In fact, the more olosely you look into the administration of the public lands by Per. Hns, the more clearly do you peroeive that no one ha* any cause to complain of the treatment he has received, unless it be some poor insignifi cant fool who believes in ,1116 Opposition. 'What more would you have of a Minister for Lands? '. , ' The other, day I noticed that the hoarding round thonewQuoonslandlfatioial Bankbuilding, now in course oE erection; at tho corner. of Queen and ?Creek streets,™ stuck over wi'h placards show ing the pawnbroker'i! woll-known sign, wilhthe .annoiincorncnt 'mbnt-y lent.' I think it is quite promature, aad in wretched bad tasto.-to make this announcement thus, early. Tho luilding is not half completed as yet, .and why 'begin to' tout for customers in thiu ^iilnar stvle?vOf course wo' all know money is lent at every bank,' providing the ?credit of .the borrower is good and ho offers adequate collateral security j but othor banks do not announco their business in this stylo. Ike only way I can.acpount for it is that the Queensland National Bank coptemplate adding tho pawnbroking business, to their ordinary routine as soon as tho new building is ready for occupation — establishinga sort of Mont de Mete of the French or Belgian type, so as to scoop' 'in iho bulk of the labouring class ?who require temporary accommodation in smal .sums 'at times. Persona who have recently returned from the old country assure me that at the yell known 50Old Broad- street you sue ?' Queensland National Bank' on ono door of the range of offices, on tho door just opposite you Bee ' Queensland Transcontinental .Bail ?way Company,' and next door you see *' Queensland I nvostmont and Land Mortgage Company.' And tho, most remarkable thing is that tlio directors of tho one are the directors of the other .two for the most part. In directing5 : these several undertakings all that eeemB necessary is to draw the fees for «„„ .^.n nnil then tbe directors can 'resolve themselves,' as they do in Par liament,' into' a meeting- . of the directors of the'bther concorn; do the. business, draw the fees, and then resolve themselves into a meeting of the directors' of the third one. This is tilling three birds with one stone, besides being ?a good thing for tho directors. If to this they add the business of a national pawnshop on the 2frenoh 'model, they will be certain to reap large profits, and they would then have eo firm ;a grip on tho oulony in every possible direction that :we could dispenfo with Parliament altogether, and save the trouble and bother of governing the colony on tho so-called ropreson tativo By torn. - Perhaps this is what is meant by those, placards thowing the. three golden balls ?on the, hoarding of tho now bank. , T7» ? L\\.~. __nnMr1 ft man *RwialinVl A -ill W TlflR ntrrttl substantial damages against divisional boards for improving tho roads under 'their jurisdic tion. In tho first caso tho road had been. loworod about nine inches at tho spot whore tho accident 'happened. 'The' person . to -whom this accident happened stepped over the improvement by daylight without noticing it, but on returning, after dart sho ste'ppod on to''that nine inohos of vacant space under the 'iuipreision . that it was . solid _ earth,' and did: not find out her mistake, until sho ,liad ? sprained hor ankle^ or something ? of the land for whioh tho Divisional (Board was made to pay.' But 'this was not so great a mis fortune as that which has befallen the Bulimba ' Divisional Board. They widened and improved' tho road at Galloway's Hill,- and made it muoh, safer than it has pvor boon:before aince it was a road But a poor fellow, with a horse that was ^ nnfnMnna -liMier. was thrown down tho em bankment at this spot and killed, whereupon on action was brought against the board fordam ages, and th'e jury aivurdod tho widow ? a larger Bum''thdn the board cblleots': in' r.iteB in the twelvemonth. Tri what particular way tho hoarfl.icould have -prevented .that horso from, nibbing and going ovor tho embankmoht at that pattioular Bpot was not explained, but there was ho doubt 'that the man was killed,' and it was a nice handy way of providing for tho widow by making, the, divisional board .stump up to the tune of £650, inoluding ex penses.'i Tho /members of tho board havo been obliged'- tb!'gb! to the' Colonial' Treasurer and lorrbw on account of the endbwmont ' to ?mcctjthiB expeneo. The . result of this aotion,, for: .damages opens , up a. grand prospect1 for persons . who .have. .? acoidents on or neardivisio'nal board improvements in the inetrbpolitiindistriot-thoymay; depend orir'a' Brisbanejuryawardiiigthdmcpmpensation. But ?it would no as well not to tap this new ;souroe. of revonuo i'too freoly of first, otherwise tho ?divisional boards may 'Jaok-up', and let the Government minago the roads, in whioh caso ithoro will'b'o no ghost of a'chanco of [getting dam'ages.no matter what acoiaents may happen. .Nobody ever thought of suing tuo Govern-, ment for damages when thoy fell down i ' embankment and hurt themselves, nor would thoy do so if Govornmont had charge of tho roads' again. If they did, and a jliry. awarded damages, f'oro is no moms of miking Govornmont pay. You cannot put the biiiiffs into Parliament. Houso to satisfy a judgment of the Supreme Court. For this reason it would be well for juries to draw it mild in the award-, ing of damages against divisional boards for' accidents that thoy arc no more responsible for than thoy arc for disasters at sea. ? An interesting and instructive little game is being played just now by tbo Borough Council' of jSandgnte. „ A very considerable! numbor of Brisbane men own proper'y in Sandgate, for :whiqh thoy .pay rates just the samo as though! they resided there. Thcso Brisbane rosidonts.i with .a- Belfishness that is not, ultoaether' un natural, prefer to berepresorited on tho Porough Council by men similarly situated.- A consider able number of the tradesmen of Sandgato do not think this is tho proper thing. They main tain that these absentee proprietors are tho law fullprey of the resident proprietors, and that no ratepayer, however largely ho may contribute to the local revenue, hus am- right to a voice in tho; election of persons to control the expenditure unless he goes down to Sandgate and spends his monoy like a gentleman. In the. late .; disputes on this interesting subject, , a Sandgate , baker, who sided, with theabsenteOira'epnyers, has ,bee n ? boy ootted by the. publicins. They have, all ceascfl to take a loaf of bread from him, or countenance anyone else in doing it until he re cantd. The members of the council, who belong to the other side, have now adopted re taliatory' measures, and are boycotting' the Bandgato publicaop, arid persuading all; their friends to' do the same. When they go down to Sandgafo to attend to their municipal duties, or for pleasure, or on private business, instead of going to one of the Sand gato pubs, they take. down what liquor and food LUUjr Will -VUIlt, UUU UU113UUIC 1L l(« J ' COOU, Ui' U,\i some friend's private house. Itis a very pretty; quarrel as it. stands, mind you. I wouder how it will end. It seems to mo that tho poor baker has the worst of it so'fir, because ho is down there all the time. Stillj there aro some of the ; local residents who arc also ' on his sidej influential ones, too, so that be may yet bo ablo' to pull through It would be an awful pity if tho Sandgate publicans got licked, because what is the good of keeping a sea-side ' pub.,: unless you can make bigger and bettor profits than yo.u could, in Brisbane or some inland towD, arid how are you to make these, profits unless you cm make people spend their money freelyin tho place?. . faying rates merely, is no advantage to the publi.'aii3 and the like. ? ., 