JiomI and ®thci Uotfs. Anglican. — The Rev. J. Campbell will (d.v.) conduct Divine service as follows : Dundee — Sunday morning next at 10 o'clock. St. Paul's, Emmaville — Sunday evening at 7 King's Plains — Mondav evening. 25th, at 7'30. Clare- vaulx — Tuesday afternoon, 26th, at Mrs. Skin ner's, at 3. Holy Trinity — Sunday next, at 11 and 7 ; lay reader. Roman Catholic Church. — Stations will be held this week at Bald Nob (Mr. Mc-Connack's place) on the mornings of Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday. On Sunday next Moss will be celebrated at 11 o'clock. At 3 o'clock there will be the usual Sunday School for chil dren, and at 730 p.m. there will be Vespers, a sermon, and the Benediction of the Most Holy Sacrament. Wesleyan Services. — Sunday, June 24 — J. Beale ; Glen Innes, 11 and 7, and Noble's at 3. Presbyterian. — The Rev. R. Kay will preach next Sabbath in Glen Innes at 11 a.m.; at Mr. Ballard's, Red Range, at 330.; and at Mrs. McKillop's, Beardy Plain, at 730 p. in. Prayer Meeting on Wednesday evening, in Temperance Hall, at 730 p.m. Registrar. — On Tuesday Mr. Paul Le Jeune was appointed by the Glen IniiPs Bencii as Registrar of the Small Debts Court. -Bstbnia, and irregular action of the heart are ' earnestly recommended to rub Hollo-tray's search- Spin Ing Ointment -well over the throat, breast, and D back, as the case may require, twice a day. This r Ointment is the most efficacious remedy for ail f orn : internal and external ailments of the throat. Dep Bad Legs, Bad Breasts, Ulcers, at Abscesses, Wounds, and Sorea 10 j of all kinds - Buil I UTay be thoroughly healed by the application of , , , this Ointment to the parts affected, after theyliavo IOO£ been duly fomented with warm water. Under Pub the action of this powerful Ointment, aided by the Pills, aii depravod humours will be quickly on 1 remoTed from the body : even scrofulous ulcers T and foul sores, however old or inveterate, can thus te _ be cured. 1,10 la Gout, Rheumatism, and — Neuralgic Pains This Ointment 11 over fails to give relief. Its very first application lessens the inflammation, and Oddfellowship. — A very social gathering assembled on Friday evening at a banquet prepared at the Royal Hotel by Bro. J. Goodyer, and given in honor of Bro. P.N.G. William Sully, who is leaving the district. At about 8 o'clock 26 sat down to the festive board, which was well supplied with many choice delicacies. Bro. P.N.G. James E. Maund presided, and Bro; N.G. V. Sachs occupied the vice-chair. After ample attention had been paid to the good things, the chairman proposed the usual loyal toast, which was duly acknowledged, — that of " The Governor," by the vice-chairman, being also well honoured. Bro. P.G. John Priest then gave "The Guest," and referred at some length to Bro. Sully's past career, both as an Oddfellow and a citizen, affirming that as a member of the fraternity, he was all that should constitute a really good and sincere brother, and, as a citizen, he (the speaker) thought few could deny that he had been a good one. He had been a large employer of labour, and for that alone be was entitled to some recognition on the eve of his departure. The toast was accorded musical honours. On rising to respond, Bro. Sully was warmly received. He said he thanked them in his heart to such an extent that he could not give expression to his feelings. He had always endeavoured to act up to the prin- ciples of Oddfellowship, and to advance the interests of the local order, all in his power. He was leaving them with feelings of unfeigned sorrow, for he had made many warm friends, a remembrance of whom would be of an undying nature. Bro. P.N.G. W. E. Wright proposed "Manchester Unity," stating that the many blessings that it bestowed on mankind did not need to be referred to by him, — they were known to the world. But he would enjoin on all young men the importance of joining the order. His own case was an illustration of the institution's good. His many troubles and trials would have involved him in ruin, but for the friendly and substantial aid of the order, he had been over 20 years an Oddfellow, and during that time never had one occasion to regret his connection therewith. The toast was accorded the honours of the order. Bro. J. Doolin suitably acknowledging the compliment. Bro. J. Healy proposed "The Loyal Hand of Friendship Lodge," and during some pertinent remarks, spoke of the rapid strides Oddfellow ship was making in the district. The toast was drank in bumpers. Bro. A. S. Vincent acknow- ledging the same. After several other toasts were given, including " The Visitors," "Absent . Brothers," "The Host and Hostess," and "The Press," — the latter being acknowledged by Mr. T. Connor, in a neat speech, and by Bro. A. S. Vincent, the company separated, after enjoying one of the most pleasant evenings it has been our portion to take part in for some lime. Resignation of Sir P. Jennings.— The resig nation of Sir Patrick Jennings as a member of the Government (says tho Evening Ncios), is causing some excitement in political circles. and various motives have been assigned as to the probable cause of bis having taken this step. It is stated that lie is not in accord with his col leagues on certain matters, and that of land is especially mentioned. We understand, how ever, on the very best authority that there is no foundation whatever for these rumours, and that Sir Patrick was in perfect accord with his colleagues ou their general policy ; and, further, that nothing whatever has occurred to mar the harmony prevailing among the -Ministers since the banquet at Nyngnn a few days ago, when Sir Patrick spoke in the most kind and cordial way of his colleagues. We believe the real rea son of the resignation is to be found in the fact that the late Vice-President of the Executive Council did not care to continue in a position which was purely ornamental. Those who know Sir Patrick know he is a gentleman of a very indefatigable character, who is only happy when actively employed. Willi regard to his successor, the post will probably be taken by either Sir. Stuart or Mr. Dalley, and, as the latter gentleman is the Government lender in the Upper House, it may safely be said lie will be the future Vice-president of tho Executive Council . Grafton Races. — 'Che following weights were declared on Thursday for the undermentioned races, to be run at the C.J G. meeting 011 the 11th and 12th July: — City Handicap— Barber 9-11, Ad Valorem 9-0, Polestar 8-7, Mussulman 8-3, Twelve Years 8-0, Soldier Boy 8-0, Norman 7-12, Jack of Clubs 7-10, Hastings 7-8, Sir Edwaid 7-6, Tait 7-6 Rosemary 7-4, Satan 7-4, Ciusader 7-4, Byron 7-2, JCremoine 7-0, Yarrivel 6-12, Tell Tali 6-10, Muroney 6-10, Rataplan 6-8, Recruit 6 8, Peri 6 6, Shamrock 6-6, Carnival 6-4, Prince Imperial 6 4, Py along 6-4, Prism 6-4, Kildnre 6 4, Lady Langtry 6-2. Graud Stand Handicap — Mussulman 8-13, Tait 8-0, Byron 7-12, Fugleman 7-10, Acacia 7-5, Isonomy 7-5, Conrad 7-0, Prince Leopold 7-0, Prism 7 0, Brisbane 6-12, Ferryman 6 10, Prince Imperial 6-10 Amice 6-8, Countess 6 S, Maritana 6-5. — C-K.J. Club Handicap — Barber 9-9, Ad Valorem 8-10, Polestar 83, Mussulman 7-13, Twelve Years 7-12, Soldier Boy 7-11, Norman 7-9, Jack of Clubs 7-7, Hastings 7-3, Sir Edward 7-3, Tait 7-2, Rosemary 7-0, Satan 7-0, Isonomy 7-0, Crusader 7-0, Byron 6-12, Cretnorne 6-11, Yarrawal 6 9, Arundel 6-7, Welcome 6-7, Tell Tale 6-7, Maroney 6-7, Recruit 6-5, Peri 6-2, Carnival 6-0, Py along 6-0, Flying Column 6 0. Notice to Corespondents. — " A Guarantor" : "We really see no object to be gained by farther noticing the full-fledged literary genius, who bas, so far. carefully burked the qnestions put to him, viz., Why the hurdles were cat ? Why he condoles with criminality? And why during his lengthened sojourn here he has never been known to speak the truth once— not even by accident (the subjects at issue) ? We refrain from publishing yonr remarks on this account; and as . he is scarcely likely to come to the point, there is little nsc further wasting space over him, " Rous's Ghost" will please accept this also as a reason for onr suppressing bis very ''hot" reply. ' Ex-Mayor" : Libellous; Not worth the powder. . A. Bar Iron Spring Steel of all sizes. ' part? Squatters, Conditional Purchasers rveyors, Patentees, and Capitalists. Ai, Divis j. FEED WILLIAM BUTTEE JGSIRES to intimate that, after 21 years' ex- ; perieuee as a Draftsman iu the Surveyor- Offic, ral's Office, he HAS COMMENCED BUSI- 5 as a Land Draftsman by appoint meut. ate rank of first-class Draftsman, aud head of londitional Purchase Branch for over eight , in that office, together with his general know- if its working, aDd of the statutory aud ad- trative details required, render him peculiarly | red to advise and act for persons entrusting 0 + business to him. ce — Now14a, Exchange, Sydney. Some time ago Air. AV.otinson, of the Beau fort Public School, petitioned the Postmaster-General to cants the G-len Innes-Inverell mail to travel via Beaufort once a week and to establish a post office there. He is now informed by Mr. Fergusson that the matter is under consideration . i The first meeting of the Glen Innes Coursing Ciub takes place on the -ith July. a good programme has been ! improvised . i Friday next, races are to be held at Wellin- 1 gtove, where our friends have annoueced some fair prizes to be run for. See advertisement. Frosts are now the general order. Rain is badly wanted to enable farming operations to- be proceeded witb. Feed is still plentiful, lie- insirucuotr-ai or uetore IU o'clock 'aim.- - - - IONDAY, 11th June. ie Minister does not bind himself to accept lowest or any Tender; G. H. REID. To Builders and others. Department of Public Works, /fei Railway Branch, gfs| Sydney, 23rd May, 1883. \Tj\nno < « ?- — » — - ' — 