•'-•i * ' THE LATEST GHOST. } ' A. ghostly visitor has for some weeks past boen/ereatiug intense excitement among- (JU6 Newcastle people. The spectre!s :favoured: haunt is Shepherd's Hill, and nightly flocks | of persons, feeling' very sheepish, have gone out t6 interview the stranger. We are told that a body of flame, in the form of a human : being, appears on the face pf the cliffs, de taches itself, and moves about in a strango fashion; many are the conjectures as to what it portends/"I^nJjeUevers'sayiiitlis. ojtily? an escape of .coal gas, or aj "jflVillj o'^tho^ Wisp," while others;shake their !;heads and.) affirm that it is a 'fearsome .sight. iA.t l^st1 the local .journal, indignant that so much idle gossip has gone round, informs us that the bubble was satisfactorily burst beyond a doubt on Wednesday."" Three well-known residents, who do not' wish to figuro in print .over such a childish thing, have paid a visit to the ghost, and they find that it is an opti cal illusioz} caused by " refraction of stelli form light." " The ghostly thing was clearly visible, from a distance, but; once | closely approached it vanished into space I (all ffhosts do), showing clearly that a star shining into a pool of salt water from a par ticular angle of the heavens had given rise to the stupid piece of humbug.'. If the account ended here, undoubtedly, Newcastle believers in the marvelous would be robbed of their ghost; but the journal goes on to 'state that Mr. Gorrick, M.L.A. for Wo} I lombi, was one of the first to beard the ghost in his den and prove the thing a fraud; but it seems this courageous gentleman went t down to the spot where the ghostly flame in human form appeared, upon a pitch dark night. This seems rather awkward for the refraction of stelliform light" theory opoa» sioned by a star shining in a. pool of sa}t water. Wo fear the unbelievers will rer quire rather more than the,rusual grain,-of salt to swallow it. Better fall'back upon itHo •coal gns supposition. 