. À.1 Balloon Voyage; MR. Simmons, the mronnnt, has given the following Íñtm^tiii^^ balloon voyage across the North Sea from Maldon, in Kent,*in company with Sir Claude do OresplgnyJ^s^V-W* We *0 " Before we made a start, several pilot balloons-were-launched-in1 order-to ascertain which direction we were likely to take. The pilots indicated sevorals currents at low alti tude, but as ¡it the moment of starting the' ' wind gave^neta good deal pf trouble, I found. it*"Äecessa"ry i'to5 'leave-'th'e'gTduhH'with'great ascending power, as every attempt I made to utilise currents'would Have boen at. the''ex pense of'gas'and'ballast. We had a'desire to cross tho German Ocean j therefore every ounce of ballast and every foot of gas had to" bo cautiously used.-- We had, nor, much time to enjoy the glorious panorama ere we found it necessary promptly to discuss the propriety of attempting to reach Holland or'Belgium'." .Fortunately -the "atmosphere, over' England w.as clear; Tho "start* was'imàdé at II o'clock aim., and we soon'crossed-the -Tliâmos/near the Nore. Taking our .bearings.. we were going sharp.for "Rotterdam.. The bottom of tlié'ïsea was clearly seen 'in every direction. Wo saw iho man-of-war at Harwich very dis tin?tly" 'Six~Btca"mer8",bé"noath' usTnppciir to be almost in collision/" We are at un altitude of 90Q0j.feet._The llight-ahip oast', of,* tho Blackwater is about the size of a flea, but in very distinct. Although tho boll is constantly ring|^*^dJ|3^^no^ ond agniií-JieaVíslimits froWaooks.Two "ihrow ont sheets 'of "paper and find them being left a little to our north. , Thia satisiios us" that we arc making still 'li' trifle south of eastward,, ami, our.T safety aml-V. tba attainment of our object depends on being able lo continue it, 2 o'clock.-I have not yet- spent an ounce of ballast'of touched any valve. Altitude at this moment 10,000 feet. Our feet are cold. We appetr to be over hauling a mist to the south-east. 2J50.p.m Wu are enshrouded in it, and can see nought but ourselves and our balloon. - A. few minutes later, we have a magnificent picture ofM.he_bîdloon _on_tho clouds. We can see our vis-a-vis doing everything exactly jas we do, even to the fingers distinctly handling the ropes. . Our ghosts are dummies. We make them speak by shouting ouraelves, and even ?in"; this .. 'they^-. exactly . imitate ¡us. - HP-he grappling cable which I have let but is dis tinctly --re-producéd in reflection or shadow running to the phantom car. 1 call Sir Claude de Crespigny's attention to this j apparent negative:-He cannot see ;it~-wh^re~he is sitting, but irameeiately on coining tb my side he sees the rope as distinctly as lido. . My blue serge suit J looks now quite green, and ^continues ^ so for many minutes. J The at imosphere is a very deep'blue above jus. The "gas up throii -h the centre of the balloon is perfectly , clear, and the great dome with its scores and diamonds has a very solid and assuring appearance. Everything is in per fect tranquility, .We can hear-the beating of our hearts very distinctly. Our !ears aro occasionally blocked, but we remedy-'this little evil by widely opening ppr mouths.- " At 4.30 we both think thero is a slight sound as of surf. "We are very slowly descending and nt 4.40 emerge on'.the under sido of the. clouds and can see something looking lilce a coast line to thé "south-east. We' are still on the siime course-we -started with. At 4.50 we haye approached near enough to find that our imaginary coast litie is a long sweep of shoal, -but"it encourages ns to think that we have passed mid-ocean. Another long line of shoal now appears .behind ito! the. eastward. ,<'*'Asiif by magic, we are in full view of six ¡stenmers, ns we suppose. These are all coming from the- east.-On. .nearer, approach~woi.soe.they are sailing vessels.-» ¡ -They-appear to expect we shall require theil', services, for j they are " tacking and dodging us". '-" 5.10/-Two steamers are distinctly - visible, --both -going-westward. 5.50.-Sir Claude cries, 1 Look there ; is that another shoal 1' We discuss this matter withJmush interest.; - Sir Claude cannot be lieve it. is : any thing but mainland. I soon begin to think the same, but it continues for a long time very indistinct/ and as 1 look very fixedly at it for some minutes it appears to tilter its shape, and I conclude it can be nothing but,a:.strcaky,cloud.;;tInstead ; pf -in creasing in distinctness, this long sweep now grows moro dim, and at tho same time we have other indications which make us think "we haves changed our course, and that there is a point of north : in it. Now for some manoeuvring to try and And out whether a sudden increaso of ajtitude£lia8 changed' our course. Sir Claude says two or throo times that he-does-not despair''of the streak turning out to be land. His distant vision was moro distinct than usual." At 10 minutes past 6 Mr. Simmons was perfectlysatisfied that;, he was within- a short' distance of the* coast. " The sun had been for some minutes deeply shrouded, but he peeped - between-the clouds, and: under »the influences of his ray sj the balloon instantly shot upwards with fearful rapidity." SiF01a'dde~said/'('Do^0a'liot'sm'e11 gas escaping 1,'.but I did not,.and had, it not been for this safeguard of his,' tho conséquences might have been rerious.; In- a> fow seconds we were,over,a,vast area of what looked like mountains of snow solid enough to walk on. The grandeur of this scene it would be utter -folly for mo to attempt to describe. Not the slightest movement could be detected in any part of this vast cloudluh'd ; every' mountain peak seemed to stand there fixed for over. The temptation was too great to go down and leave this grandeur until the greater tempta tion, the positive sound of the surf imme diately beneath us.: . I now opened the valve, and we rushed downwards with great rapidity. A" fow ?? seconds werai Bufncieirif.io bring us down from our highest; position (17,000 feet) low enough to spread before our delighted vision the beach of Walcheren Island, on the noith side of the! Scheldt ¡Riveiyand the mainland of Holland,]shutting us in on the south. We had already passed the mouth of the Scheldt. I-considered- we were safe enough, and I sketched Walcheren, with the town of Flushing bonoath us. The pe'ogle wore now hailing us lustily , froin' 'all points. The balloon was., brought down: splendidly at Flushing, tho grappling-iron taking a firm grip in a ditch.Surrounding a .wheatfield. ; This ditch! acted as well as a fence round the balloon to koep off the great crush. When we had emptied and packed -the-balloon, tho streets were thronged with people all the way to the Hotel, Wellington, where. wo wore, entertained for a short time. After getting some refreshments we proceeded ta the landing-stage, and there procured berths on board the mail steamer Princess Mary, for Queenborough. I had almost for gotten to mention that the cold was intense over the mouth of the West Scheldt, at tho altitude of 17,000 feet. I had 4001b. of ballast,!, left when'fwe came, down, j and our journey could have ¡.been 'prolonged; but for our having promised Lady de Ctespigny that ..wo.would.do oúr.best to descend^onjreaching the const. We landed at 7 o'clock." ! 