What the Town Says. I Bv Hawkeye. j Looking back on last Monday morning (a much pleasanter process, I need hardly say, on most Monday mornings, for any but people going to be married or hanged, than looking forward), the first thing to occur to one was the natural exclamation — ' What a week we have had of it ! ' In a public way of course, one simply means, not in the least wishing to infer that any one had 'made a week of it' in the popular sense of that vulgar phrase and worse fact, on his own account. And what a week it really was — with its peaceful gathering of great nations (in embryo) in one quarter ; the angry clash of contending arms (in horsehair) in another ; mighty movings on the waters (in flannel) in a third ; rumoured resignations of great potentates, resignations themselves, and gre it potentates themselves, orating over their potations at the meeting of the nations, as though nothing should ever flow between the two countries redder than Mur ray wine, or ' flow'' harder than human breath ! One hopes indeed there never may. It would be a terrible thing if, after all this glorification over the coming 'Parliament of man, the federation of the world,' on a small scale, we should be found some day flying at each other's throats as other nations have been known to do, once supposed to be bound for the same happy and glorious issue, on a large one. The happy issue may be no nearer nor easier for us than for them, but we have great hopes while Mr. Berry is about. As he did not forget to point out, we have already contrived to federate or be federated a good deal by the simple means of con ferences, and conferences are Mr. Berry's strong point. It is popularly believed that Mr. Berry does pretty well what he likes with conferences. Why not then have a federation conference, and be federated, or Eerryated, right off 'r And we are to have such a conference. Mr. Service, the Victorian Premier, who shares with our own Premier the distinction of having made about the best speech of the day, declared that he was going to send a messengertoour Government to ask whatourobjections to federation are ; and, of course, that messenger will be Mr. Berry, and of course he will come, ask, and federate. We don't think that after Mr. Service's speech there need have been any more. After that we regarded tlie thing as done, settled. We are sure most of the audience did, or wished it. And that reminds us, by the way, of the very pretty menu card, whereon two young ladies, in costumes of some unknown fashion of some unheard of period, are represented as very prettily, but just a trifle suspiciously, shaking hands 'with each other. Is that to be the fashion of the federation period r Not that there is any fault to be found with the fashion. On the contrary, it is a very pretty and graceful, and even modest, fashion, and, in that case , which is likely to be the further off— the federation or the millennium r Again, it was gracefully put that federation would be like all the younger colonies coming back to their mother, and Mr. Service, on the part of Victoria, de clared that he was dyin? to get back to his mother, But federation wouldLn'l be a bit like anybody going back to anybody's mother. There is very little ' going back ' in this world, unless it is for the worse, and neither of those young ladies on the menu card looked in the least like the other one's mother. It is on that Australia wants to go, not back, and this kind of sentimental talk is the silliest of all federation talk, which, after Thursday, means a good deal. Federation is probably about as far off as the next big war, with the old country to the front; and Mr. Service's rabbit refer ence, though lie probably didn't mean it in that sense, was as good an illustration of the case as well could be. It will be against a common enemy that we shall federate, when we do, and are we to hope or fear for the chance or dread of that ? On the whole, like the question of Paddy's pig, it is a difficult matter either way, and we don't altogether wonder at so many people at Albury the other day saying so much about it and— so little. And has it come to this 'i The Demosthenes and the Cicero of the House likened publicly to a couple of common sensation-mongers ! ' You have been to the Assembly and heard Messrs. Buchanan and M'Elhone ? ' 'said a silver-toned learned counsel lately to an unfortunate witness, and the answer was a sigh, as if asked, to remember his first surgical operation, or his last interview with the dentist. ' And was it there and from those illustrious orators,' went on the flute- voiced but remorseless one, 'that you acquired your sensational style ? ' But it is the first blow that tells. Memory had done her worst, and it was with the grim smile of gratified revenge that the proud and happy young man replied that it was there and from the illustrious ones he had learnt to shun and avoid such evil practice and examples, as he would the devil or a cross- examination. That ' invisible spirit of wine,' called by Shak spear so fitly ' devil,' had a rare tale to recount to his brother devils round their horrid cauldron the other night of his latest exploit at Goulburn. The story is very simple, and begins, as all such stories do, in the old way : tl Some young men were drinking on Saturday night at an hotel.' There is a row and a slight scuffle ; they are separated, shake hands, and as every one thinks, go home— every one but the in visible devil, grinning behind them on their reeling way, as he follows to finish his hellish handiwork. Nothing more or worse yet than what has happened 1 to a thousand similar young men the same night all over this drink-cursed country. But picture the last dreadful, yet so pitiful, scene— pitiful enough to make a monster weep ; dreadful enough to make the grin- J ning fiend, even now at the murderer's elbow, laugh, j as he recounts it afterwards, his hardest and happiest. | Within the home they are approaching the crippled father and his other children are sleeping, tittle dreaming of the crash of woe soon to break upon their unhappy heads, but in one window a light still shines, bright and steady as the love of the poor : mother, watching for the absent one. Suddenly his voice, in fierce quarrel, breaks the still night-air, ( perhaps no unaccustomed sound, for she rushes out, sees him seize a gun, and with true woman's devo tion, throws herself before him, to save her son from the sin of murder. - There is a shot, a cry, and she falls, slain by the hand of him to whom she had given birth and lite and a mother's love. Imagine with what shrieks of fiendish joy the invisible devils of wine would greet a merry story of that kind as they %- laughed ha ! ha ! and Quaffed ha ! ha ? ' over their brimming beakers of ' hell's broth,' and drink of it, swill of it, then, if you can. Then another might tell how he had lured a lonely miserable man to a dismal swamp, liow he hud first fired his brain, and withered his very soul ; dried within his miserable bones the marrow ot his man hood ; and, then, when his hope was gone, and his heart w as dead, and his flesh filled with the pain of ' the worm that dieth not, and the fire that is not quenched,' he had whispered to him of peace in the pathless gloom of the dead, of calm in the lone grave, and best, but most lying boon of all, of grief forgotten and of sin assoiled. How he had drawn him, this miserable man, to a spot as still almost as the grave itself, and there, with the weary world behind him and the drunkard's dream cf the world of rest before, the poor wretch with nerves too, shattered to look despair in the face, or even difficulty, had snatched from him, with trembling drunkard's joy, his last draught of the drunkard's lethe, in the* bitter water of death. There have been hundreds of such cases in the dismal swamps and lonely hills round and about this city and hundreds are sure to follow. No ; I am not going to turn teetotal lecturer or wear the blue ribbon. If all the drunkards since Noah were to rise from the dead to-morrow — and what a mighty army of grim ghosts that resurrection would be! — and join the Blue llibbon Army, I verily believe it would make not one drunkard the less. It is very easy very often to make a drunkard ; no one can save the drunkard but the drunkard himself. If his own losses and pains— and they are the losses and pains of the ruined awl the damned — won't make him sober, nothing nil i make him. Mr. G. H. Reid was rather taken 'on the hop ' the other day by those enthusiastic Victorian friends of education who couldn't curb their anxiety to see a Sydney Public school, even to give a decent day's notice. But it was just as well they couldn't. Sydney Public schools can be seen at any time, by any one, and are just the things that should be 6een by every one who wants to know — and yet more by every one who doesn't — what a fine, intelligent, intellectual, ener getic, enlightened, and as many more sort of people in the path of true progress and civilisation, we of Sydney are. Mr. Bolam, Inspector- General of Vic torian State Schools, would clearly have liked to take the Crown-street Public school, children, masters, mistresses, and all, away with him bodily in his pocket to Melbourne, leaving only Mr. Iteid to get back as he best might by himself. And a very pretty present it would have been for our perhaps less fortunate neighbours, by way of cementing the late new alliance and doing them a world of good. With out any 'odorous comparisons,' the two systems might doubtless learn something from each other, and Mr. Bolam' s something on Tuesday at the Crown street school was — very much to his own satisfaction, and it is to be hoped to the future benefit of many Victorian boys — that very important thing, discipline. The discipline, specially the drill of the boys and the calisthenics of the girls, fairly astonished him. He had feared from what he had heard that the 'Sydney discipline was too severe for the children;' from what he saw, rosy cheeks and strong active forms that made him feel almost a boy again himself, he would do his utmost to have the same rejuvenating system introduced into Vic toria. SVell, if he can make even some of the boys and girls of Victoria feel like boys and girls again his unceremonious visit may be readily forgiven him. Tlie blot on the Victorian school system is just here — that it has not made its children boys and girls, or kept them so, but something else, for which we should be sorry to have to find a fit name. Larrikinism, with a special spice of indecency, is the special vice of the Victorian schools ; and for this kind of dry rot, or, more properly, damnable disease in the State, the one remedy is ju6t such discipline as Mr. Bolam saw. Make healthy brave boys, and ditto girls, by teaching them the 'full use and pleasure of their vigorous young minds and bodies, and you won't grow prurient young thieves and incipient prostitutes. Mr. Reid's own little speech was as good and happy as he himself always looks. ' He couldn't tell them,' he said, ' how proud and happy he was to be at the head of a department which w as over so many thousands of bright, happy countenances.' And proud and happy he well may be, and also something more, for he is at the head of the whole future nation. This country should have something to say and show for itself in the rank of nations when the ' rosy counte nances ' that so charmed Mr. Bolam and himself are sending their own little rosy countenances to school, and it should be enough to give an older and more experienced man than Mr. Heid pause in his position to think how much he may have to do with it. It is evident Mr. Reid intends to have a good deal, and it certainly says something for him as a commander-in-chief that one of the first things he intends to do is to take stock of his forces by re viewing his army. A review of all the Public school pupils under drill in the city and suburbs is to be held shortly, which — notwithstanding the inevitable ' Gulliver and his Liliputians' chaff — should be a very memorable event, both for Mr. Reid and the country. ' The force of armies is a visible thing,' says the poet, but here is an armed nation growing, silently, surely, till some day scarce a man living in New South Wales but shall stand up, in some sense, a soldier. That should be a brave day for this good colony of New South Wales, and — what is better — a pretty safe one. ' Runnirgwiththehareandhunting with the hounds.'' is a good old game, proposed to be revived here by that rather indefinite body, the Trades Defence Asso ciation. We say indefinite, because we always like to call things by their right names, and why doesn't the Association call itself by its right name r It is not the Trades Association— unless, indeed, it holds that there are no trades in the world worth naming, save the liquor trade, wholesale and retail, which is really the one trade represented by this Trades Associa tion. Perhaps the Association is right; perhaps there is no trade in the world worth naming beside it for beneficent results, either to its members or to the broad world, and the best interests of humanity generally. But, even then, why this lofty ignoring, this wholesale absorption, as by Mr. Buchanan's ' great gudgeon' of the ' small minnows' of all other trades, as if 'liquor' in all its phases should be the whole art and study of man r We admit, indeed, that it is an art, a great art, with as many mysteries as the Eleusinean temple, and some as dark. We admit, too, that the new namft is an improvement on the old one of ' Licensed Vic tuallers' Association,' on the face of it a clear fraud j and delusion. Victualling, indeed ! Un- Victualling would be nearer the mark, or Vitrioling, equally euphonious and ever so much more properly expres sive. But still it is a delusion, and see the absurdity, nay, the wrong of it. Suppose the attorneys, a highly respectable body of men, doubtess— the best of them, perhaps, not inferior in general attainments and social standing to a fir6t-class publican— but yet as a body, bearing a certain repute, not to say taint, in public regard, not wholly of the moral rose or social violet ; suppose, we say, the attorneys were to form themselves (which heaven for bid) into an association, and stjle it the ' Profcssi'j-.ys Defence Association,' how would the other profes sions like it — the bishops and clergy for instance, --r the princes of the gieat healing faculty, or even the barristers ? And how near the truth would it be if tliemain mission of the newself -consecrated communion of secular saints were set forth to be as of a sort of self-denying, public-spirited, high order of saviours of society and special guardians of the public law ? We are not going to suggest a name for the associa tion, but with the aid of their new temperance friends, lately foes, with whom they seem so anxious to ally themselves, thev should have no difficulty in finding one, at' once neat, forcible, and appropriate. The great trial is over : verdict, virtue triumphant. The country, of course, will be delighted to hear that its evil opinion of that admirable institution, the Anderson Aitisans' and Agricultural College, was entirely unfounded. Still more will it be rejoiced to know that that excellent couple, Mr. and Mrs. Ander son (especially Mrs.), are really noble philan thropists, models of humanity and tender charity, worthy of being ranked with the Howards and Frys, Pestal'ozzis and Peabodys, amongst the best aad brightest benefactors of their kind. 'Where,' asks a recent poet, bewailing the decay of active charity on earth — ' where be that begging friar now ?' We answer, Come and see Mrs. Anderson, the ' Queen of Beggars,'' frying daily in the ' heat o' the sun,' through the dust and dangers of the bush, 'mil the trials and temptations of the city, hun gered aud athirst, despised and rejected of men, travelstained and weary, yet still from dawn to dewy eve, far from husband and home, from the cripple she has taken to her motherly bosom like a hurt lamb, from the outcasts she has gathered to her ample skirts as a hen its chickens to her wings, still urging on her loving way, sustained only by the thought that it is — for them I She is hungry, but she eats not ; she is thirsty— but why further paint the lily of such char ity f why further gild the gold of such sacrifice as we venture to declare, in the face of 1000 Heralds and 10,000 Mr. Dallevs, the world has never seen before, and will never see again ? And he, the worthy, yet of such a woman scarcely the worthy, husband ; he, the father to the fatherless, the noble rescuer from vice and ignorance of helpless, hopeless waifs of humanity, at once the teacher and the friend, the guardian and the guide — what shall be said of him 'i it is counted a heroic act to snatch a life from the waves. What is that to transplanting a dozen young lives, body and soul, from the gutter to the garden of a second Eden ? It is in evidence that this excellent man, the better to carry out his noble design, risked not only bis money but his moral character, and all the finer feelings of his nature, by embarking in the deadly occupation, the 'fearful trade,'' of a land agent. The desperate courage of this heroic act drew foith a warm encomium from the Bench. His Honor — the point, through some extraordinary mental or moral blindness, having escaped Mr. Owen's attention — made up for that learned gentleman's unpardon able oversight, by himself urging it upon the jury as one of the strongest proofs possible of Mr. Anderson's pre-eminent fitness for the noblest office on earth— the instructor of youth. Where, indeed, and how could young heroes better be bred and trained than at the feet and from the lips of a Gamaliel learned in all the arts of the academies of the Pritchards and the Batt and Rodds t Besides, Fortune smiled, as she ever does on the brave and good, on Mr. Anderson's heroism. He made money for his beloved boys, and imagine what would now be the condition of those, so to speak fortumti rcnati, if they had been allowed to remain to share the good fortune of their second father. But the evil fate of those unhappy, children pursued them. In the apparently harmless shape of Mr. Lyne lurked the curse of their unhappy birth, and on no better evidence than that of several policemen, doctors, clergymen, and others, they were torn by a despotic Government from their happy home, just as the golden shower was impending that would have turned the whole colour of their hitherto clouded young lives to brilliant sunshine. The noble father now drives on his holy way — for, as we have seen, even the business of a land agent may be sanctified by its end — in a buggy and pair. Who can doubt that, but for the interfering Herald and a tyrannical Govern ment each of his beloved boys, by this time, would have had a pony, and the cripple a perambulator t It is clear that if the second father was injured by the Herald's report, far more so were his boys. If it was hard for him to lose the lights of his now comparatively childless home, to see the project of his life and of his land speculations nipped, as have been so many pro mising projects, by the untimely frost of a visit from the police, what must it have been for them to be torn from the wise juecepts and good example of their second father and successful land agent, from the loving aims of their second mother, from the garden their own hands had made, the tubs their own hands had so often earned, and last, but we should say by no means least, from that old and close companion of their youth— the itch 'i Mr. Owen is doubtless one of the cleverest of counsel. His speech, without being eloquent, was one of the most powerful ever heard in a court of justice, yet there must be something want ing, or how did he come to lose sight of this last telling point, surely quite as important and even more palpable than the educational land agent. He argued with considerable force that it was a shame to take the boys from so much salutary hard work, and trans lated for the benefit of the jury and the boys the old Latin quotation that to work is to pray. (By-the-way, in that case, what a terrible libel it must have been to say that the boys who made the - garden and the beds, cleaned the stable and carried the tubs, were never taught to pray !) Why did he not say as much for the moral advantage of salutary hard suffering? There were quotations enough to his hand — ' To bear is to conquer,' ' Suffer and be strong,' and a dozen more; and then, with quite equal force, he might have shown how a common suffering is the strongest bond of friendship — ' a fellow-feeling, ' &c.; — and what excellent friends these tittle fellows must have been when 'da' me and I'll cla' thee ' might have been the fondest of their daily proofs of mutual care and affection. There is a case here surely— boys in line, each scratching each other's back — for as good a platoon fire from those injured sufferers against the Herald as for Mr. Owen's comic police parade. Thumping damages against the paper for each of these much- wronged little fellow-sufferers might make them all lucky land agents for life — according to Sir George Innes, one of the highest destinies of man. Of course there will no longer be a moment's delay in issuing to the noble couple a free grant of the site they have made famous. There, at some future but not far distant day, will rear, doubtless, some stately pile its imposing head ; and there, or better still, in the heart of the city, whose streets she has so often wearily tramped 'on her noble errand of mercy, will be set up for the admiration of all time, in everlasting memory, the brazen statue of a woman, for greater and more delicate significance, in the costume of the f tiii ale pedestrian, with this golden inscription ' Tbe Queen of Beggars,' t: j i(.i urcTcnieatli, the motto, neatly graven : \-- So ihc strode on, clothcd.oa witli charily' 