Turf Talk, i BY JMJOITINDAIÍB. \ THE advent of tno^ighttS for the springhandicapa on Monday last proved a source" o£ griat attraction to the frequenters of Tatter sail's. 'Mr. So^rr/as'xisna^ was first in .the, field with his adjustments for tho Hawkesbury Handicap , and . Great Metropolitan Stakes, while those for the Melbourne Cup were not posted in the room until, lato in tho evening. This caused ah amount of discussion, it being argued that there was no reason why they should not havo all been issued simultaneously. On comparing the han- dicaps for the Metropolitan and Melbourne Cup it will be seen that in somo instances the two handi- cappers vary somewhat in their opinions, and sporting folk of this colony look upon Mr. Soarr's effort as the best. In the Hawkesbury Handicap Pell Moll, who not a f ev?, think as good a horse as Commotion over- a milo and a half, heads thd list with 9st 51b, but I do not care for him, and much prefer the chance of Sir Modred with'8st 121b. Morpeth, at 8st 91b, appears to be very well treated, and if so Tho Gem at a pound more oannot but bo considered fairly weightod, when wo remember that ho won the Summer Cup carrying 8st 21b, _ boating Morpeth, 6st 91b, aud ran third to him at a difference of 131b in the Anniversary Handicap. Forest King at 8st 21b has got more than his performances deserve, for we must remember that as yet wo haye never seen him in really first-class company. At the late Mudgee meeting, in the Cudgegong Handioap, 1£ mile, he certainly won- easily from Byron, to whom ho was allowing 1st 31b, and Boniface 1st, while Twelve Years at 6st 81b, who it was thought might havo brought him to the whip, fell down. Now the Mudgee course is a good one, and when we find that Byron was beaten in 2min 48ísoc, we may be sure that he is not class enough for a raoe of this description, and I think 7st 81b would havo boen ample, according to his performances, for this lino son of Maribyrnong. Carhotacus and Promotheus are far better treated, as also Gipsy Cooper and Lochinvar, and should this last-named pair coma to tho post well, thoy will take a deal of beating. Amongst the othors in the light division that please me are Normanby, Ascot, First Demon, Eva, Delusion, "Wollon, and Needle. In the Metrop. that grand horse, Commotion, holds the place of honour with 9st 121b, and is made to allow Navigator 61b. As all the handi- caps, however, will be very carefully digested by "Caspian,*^ there ia no neoessity for me- to go very lengthily into the matter. I much UKO the chance of Morpeth at 8st 41b, who I think has been ory well treated all round, while according to public * erformanoos, Caima, at 7st 101b, should hold all J above him very safe, if Segenhoe has1 been fairly handicapped. However, to piek ont a dozen, I should put down Navigator, Sir Modred, Barber, Morpeth, Masquerade, Caima, Prometheus, Gipsy Cooper, Lord Lisgar, Claptrap, Normanby, and First Damon. The Melbourne Cup is framed upon a some* what higher scale, Commotion ' heading the list with lost llb, and winds up at 6st 71b, and the scriptural saying of the "last Bhall bo first" may in thia instance be carried out, seeing that First Demon, who performed so well in tho Boyal Stakes on Queen's Birthday, occupies tho position. My black favourite Zulu, at7st 111b, should be a starter, also Prometheus and Eva. In thia raco Morpeth is handicapped at9sh while Sardonyx is put down at 8st 131b, so that there . is a vast difference of opinion of tho two;handicapper* as regarda those two horses, as there are in several other instances. The principal fixture of the coming week will be* that of the Clarenoe Uiver Jockey Club, which is put down for decision upon Wednesday and Thursday next at Grafton. Tho acceptances for the three princi- pal handicaps wera made lost Saturday, and may be oonsidered very satisfactory. Since the laat annual meeting tho trustees of the course have been busy making improvements. The saddling paddock, which was somewhat limited in size, has been enlarged^ while the running track has not been forgotten. The raoing opens on Wednesday, so that those who wish to be present on the opening day must leave Sydney not later than to-night, at 9"p.m. On tho first day tho programme commonoes with tho Mares' Produce Stakes, but as I do sot happen to have the list of entries by me, I oannot givo an idea as to the probable winner. Then comes the Maidon Plate and City Handicap. For the latter event there are 13 accep- tors. By his running last week Maroney would J appear to bo well enough in to win, and as Byron wilt have the services of his very capable owner, Donald Nicholson, ho should be good enough for aplace. Fourth on the hst oomes tho Grand Stand Handioap, of nine furlongs, which may be won by Brisbane. The Derby winds up the day's sport, and if I mistake not the genial squire of Gordon Brook will claim ownership to the'winner. The fun commences with, a hurdle race on tho second day, succeeded by the Sires' . Produce Stakes and tho Jockey Club Handicap, with its ll acceptors, Barber heading the list with 9st 91b. t Even with this weight he will most likoly gain a position, the others that appear danger- ous to me being Sir Edward, Maroney, and Byron. The other events are the Novel Race and Flying Han- dicap. The general entry closes on Monday next at 9 p.m., at Hplmesten's Hotel. On the Friday there-' will be the usual sales of blood stock, also the sports at South Grafton, and on Saturday the impromptu moéting, under the auspices of Tattersall*s Club, will engage attention. On their race programme thisolur>. have plaoed an athletio handicap, for which they have ? reooivod no less than 139 entries ; so that time should* not hang very heavily on visitors' hands, as at? night time there' will be tho very olever Matthews* Brothers circus to visit. The Cootamundra Turf Club intend holding a* speoial day's raoing about tho end of August. " Augur " in the " Australasian " write* :-Afc Caulfield I saw several of Mr. H. Connelly's young-1 stors on the course. Wahgunyah, who is not a big-1 one", was looking remarkably well, and ho was foi . lowed by four very useful-looking juveniles, consist*-' ing of a blaok colt by Napoleon from Kitten, Jaoh Daw, by Julian Avonel from Margery Daw, afulV brother to St. Lawrence, and a bay oolt by Mullyan from Needle. A filly that I saw on the ground, and whioh struck me as the makings of a very speedy? lady, was tho daughter of King of tho Bing and Mary Gladstane. I also fancy Mr. Wilson, of St. Albans, will bo very dangerous this season, both in the two and throe year old races. For tho former ha will have some of tho best-looking youngsters that ever graced a racecourse, and I'm satisfied that my favourite, Off Colour, will givo a good account of himself in tho Dorby, Champion Baoo, &o.; 1 believe Mr. Wilson's string is to bo increased by tho addition of two or three from Glenormiston, whence came Off Colour. .Last wook a well attended mooting was held at Bathurst for tho purpose of arranging for a oouplr of days' raoing in September. Tho visitors at thi - meeting wore all of th« right sort, and voted Mr. W-" Kite to the ohair. After this they made Mr. W. Leo} ' junior, höh. treasurer, and Mr. D. Mayne, hon. 8004 ' pro tem. Thoy also deoided that thore should bo i .. oouple of handioaps, to which the added money woulf be' ¿8100 and ¿6150 respectively. It is intended tl hold the races shortly after tho A. J. C. spring meeting and I wish thom overy suocoss. If half tho PathursV folk were of tho samo liboral spirit towards tba" movement as tho hon. seo., then would it bo a most deoided Buoooss indoed. : Tho owner of Woolsorter;- Mr. Bear don, and a jockey named J. Higgerson have been'disqualified foi two years by tho Goulburn Turf Club for mal* practices. The A. J.O. have endorsed the disqualifié cation'.' . Nominations for the Mares' Produce Stakes, to ba. run under the auspices of tho Albury Turf Club iii 1Í84 and 1885, olosod on Monday last. In the former, there are 17 nominations and the latter 32. . A meeting of the oommittoo of the Liverpool» Jockey Club was held at Flood's Tattersalls Hotélj Liverpool, on Friday, the 29th ultimo, when it wasV deoided to hold tho first day's racing on tho 22nd De«-'' comber. . A full oommitteo was appointed to draw ! up a liberal programme, to bo issued as early as pos* eible. The ground oommittee reported that the-; course had been fenced off, and that groat progress: had been made with the course proper. The seore- ' tary was instructed to call for tenders for the grandi stand, Weighing yards, &c;, as soon as plans and specifications had been receivod from Mr. Volney Parkes, who gratuitously offered to prepare the samo. The course, which is alongside the town, io"... one' of tho most prettily-situated in tho colony, and for viewing the races oannot be surpassed. ; The pen was ran through tho namo of Ad Valorem, at 3.30 p.m. on Monday last. It appears that the>'. horse broko down so badly in a gallop that it ia ' doubtful as to whether he will ever again appear h> Eublio. This is a real loss to his worthy owner, fofr: e was a sterling good colt. Tho annual mooting of the Maoleay Biver Jockey < Club, which was held on June 27 and 28¿ according tit' accounts to hand appears to haye been moat success* * ful. Tho prinoipal winners were Carnaval, Pyalong,. ] Fly, and Kildare. , . . On Tuesday, by the City of Grafton, Byron andO Tait were shipped to Grafton, to fulfil their Clarence engagements. - : 1 From the " Capricorn " I learn that tho " hero of a hundred fights," the chestnut stallion Saunterer, is. announced to be raffled at the Criterion'Hotel on ; Wednesday evening, July ll. Saunterer is by Bylong . (son of Sir Hercules) out of a Vanguard mare,.! and his performances have been at all distances and weights. He will be raffled by 100 members at 2 1 guineas each. . . ; ' From all accounts the second Bracelet meeting, under the auspices of the Victoria Amateur 'Turi Club, held at Caulfield on Saturday last, was a most successful gathering, though the attendance waa,; hardly up to expectation. Tho '* Argps" -says thor racing opened with the Selling Eace, nc wfatokt Bevon «nt of ¿bs ll on the card weigbedou-i, Halifax an Queen Elizabeth, wera moat fauoied*,, and,, althoug fchay both got away well, they failed even to get tíaoeu. Once in the straight, the issue was left 1 Castaway and Nymph, and the former lasting th longer, ha won by a length, Whisper bein a good third! Ten horses started for tl Hurdle Race, Triplet and Buza» having; th «all in the betting. Black Prince made the mouin for the first haif-inile, when Miller took it np, au after about two-thirds of the journey had been-tn versed Devils ho of went, to the front, but only foi" short' time,; as Mr: Inglis rode Buzza with gres judgment, made ïua effort at the right tinte, and wo _ Eather comfortably by a length and a half from Tri| " 1st,, who was; two lengths in front of Miller. Th Viotoria Gold'Chp was reduced to- haifa dozen, an this number was further reduced in the first roun . by! Baronet coming down at the fence on the hill.. 1 should be stated, however, that Mr. T. Watson, wa 121b overweight, and that he rode without 'saddle. Gold Top out out the work at a fair- paoafn about half tue distance, when Abdallah assumed th lead ; but ho h id quickly to give place to Blwol Jacket, who led for tho. rest of the.distance, and wo: easily, Abdallah being second, and Yerlo third. Th Çiece de ret-istanra of the meeting,, the.. Ladies rophy, was tho next event, and when the number went up it waa sean that 42 hornea had weighed out It is a groat pity that four more had' not faced th Btarter, as that would have made the largest field o horses that ever started for a race in. the world However, tho number waa very: encouraging »nd the course seemed to bo fairly alive- wit! horses-as tho preliminary canters were taken. .Whei assembled at tho post, as might be expected, ther< was a good deal of trouble to get thom in anythimj like a decent line. Tho start consequently wa« not osgood one, Transferred getting away with a lead ol three lonpths ; Dukedom, Liddington, Mamuluke »lac getting away woll. In tho straight Liddington aw Transferred seemed to have the raco in hand, whet The Ghost suddenly .shot out from the rnok, and wor by a couple of lengths, Llddin-itou getting SGCOTU place by a length from Transferred. Tho Golc Gup and the Ladies' Trophy were presented to thc winners by his Excellency tho Governor. Thirtoo; horses started foi* tho Stoupluclmwo, and Vauii.fr WM . made first favourite at G to .!. Goldtop got a-.vny with tho lead, which ho maintained for moro than n milo, when ho dropped back. Along tho lar Bide Vaulter took up the running, and looked all over n winner; but at tho cud of tho carriage paddock General Jackson carno with a rush anti beat the favourito by a longth. Napoleon was a good third. In another column will bo found a lotter from Mr. S. Agnew, owner of Tho Assyrian, and ono ol' the Jeading turf men of Tasmania. A. reforoneo to tl« ? fetter will show that Mr. rf. Agnew has boon dia qualified by tho Tasmanian Turf Club for some ro marks made by him regarding thu winner of the late Launceston Cup. This disqualification, I am privately informed, has not been uphold by the Tasmanian Racing Club. Segenhoe, Morpeth, and The Drummer were scratohod on Tuesday lust for tho Melbourne Cup, and Anglesey and Comet for tho Great Metropolitan Stakes on Thursday. The Berrima District Racing Club have elected the following office-bearers :-President, Mr. F. R. .Wilshire; judge, Mr. W. Cordeaux ; treasurer, Mr. I.. S. Ponder; secretary, Mr. H. Taylor j committee, Messrs. W. J. Cordeaux, F. ll. Wilshiro, W. Mor- rice, F. D. Budgery, A. D. Badgery, E. Carter, J. A. Badgery, I. S. Ponder, J. V. Hanrahan, F. Badgery, H.-lay lor, and W. M'Court. The forfeits duo for tho Gemma di Vorgy-Rose- mary colt, Sir Edward, having been paid, his uamo is now removed from tho forfeit list. , A general meeting of tho mombors of thc Murrum- bidgee Turf Club luis been convened for July Iii. It " is.proposod to take into consideration tho registration of tho club an requirod by tho Australian Jookoy Club. Some now racing rules will al^o bo considered. It is expected that, tho programme for tho Spring meeting will bo submitted. In our advertising columns will bo found tho con- ditions of tho next; Tattersall's Cup. Tho conditions are similar to those of laut year, a swoop of 10 sovs, half-forfeit, with 500 sova added, and a gold cup, 'value 100 sovs, presented by Mr. M. Decry, tho second horse taking 50 sovs, and tho third 20 sovs, from the prize. Nominations close on October 18. The weights aro to appear on November 19, and as acceptances have not to be made before December owners will have plenty of time to confider them over. During tho last voyngo of the steamship To Anau, from New Zealand to Tasmania, niuo valuable draught horses succumbed to the rough weather ex- perienced during the trip. 'Bundoora has boon scratched for the Melbourne: Cup, also Comet. 