Four Minutes Under Water. WHEN the moment arrived for Blatt to go under for his four-minute trial he moved gracefully to the left, falling upon his right Knee, his left leg being extended down the tank, and his chin just touching the water. Then he raised his chin a few inches, opened his mouth wide, drew a long big breath, to inflate his lungs with as much air as possible, and sank into one corner, facing the audience, with his head resting in the angle of the glass case. His eyes were closed, and he appeared like one asleep. For a minute he did not move a muscle, there not being a perceptible movement of the body. When Mr. Steigers called " One minute," there was a movement of the right hand, and then of the body, and shortly afterwards the chest began to rise and fall. At two minutes it was apparent that the man-fish had begun to suffer. One foot was first drawn up, and his right hand clutched the water convulsively. At three minutes the spectacle became one of extreme agony to most of the lookers-on. The man's lungs were fighting for oxygen. His broad chest rose and fell like that of a person making a last grand struggle for one more breath of air. Bubbles were coming thick and fast from his nose to the surface of the water, denoting the escape of the last of the life-giving remnant from his body. His form writhed and his legs trembled like those of a victim on the gallows. As the seconds piled up, the horrors of death from asphyxia gathered on his face, his mouth opened and shut quickly, and tyo white eyeballs glared from the water. Spectators began to get sick with terror. On their faces were reflected the agony of the man in the tank. An artist who had hold of the reporter's arm, clutched it as if he would tear the flesh off, and said: " Oood God! why don't they take the man out?" The faces of the timekeepers and judges were livid with horrible excitement, and when Mr. Steigers called out wildly, " Three minutes and a-half 1" several exclaimed, " That's enough!" and Manager Qregory cried, " Take the man out; I'll give the money up !" But the man stayed, piling one second on another in his terrible feat. The whole museum was in a state of unutterablo suspense. The Madagascar woman and the Albino man, the spotted boy, the armless and ldgless man, the lady vocalists, and the malo gymnast* were watching in breathless horror, tpe ladies saying, " Oh, why don't they take him out ?" At three and three-quarter minutes there were significant indications that nature had surrendered. The body ceased to move, there were no more contortions, the head was lhnp upon the breast. For the past minute the the distortions were the simple incidents of a prolonged holding of the breath, but now they were certain that the man baa given up the ghost. "Take him out! take him out I* was the general cry. But no one moved. " Five seconds more, if he can live through it!" called out Timekeeper Steigers, his eyes flash ing with mingled excitement and terror. How those five seconds dragged 1 " Four minutes!" called Steigers ; but the man in the glass case did not move. He lay like one asleep in death. Then there were fearful cries of "Take him out!" and attendants rushed to the tank. His coat of mail weighs over 201b., and one man could not handle him, and when the assistant got over the tank and Blatt was drawn up 4min. llAsec. had expired. He was as limp as si rag. His body and limbs fell around like a man just dead. Cries of " Take him on the platform!" " Roll him on the floor!" were heard on all sides. For a moment they rested the body on the frame of the tank, then it was dragged down, hitting heavily against the railing of the small stairway leading to tho platform. Many people rushed out as if they wanted to escape the last act of tho tragedy. But in the midst of a wild uproar and excite ment, when every one was filled with a horror that a life had been wantonly sacrificed, Blatt began to show signs of vitality, and all at once he struggled to his feet, rubbed his eyes and head vigorously, looked wildly about him, and said, " Ladies and gentlemen, I can beat that time."— St. Louis Globe Democrat. 