they say? "Loinprioro's Olaasical Dictionary "nays o l a Chloo :Chloo, a surnnmo of Coros at Athens; heryenrly festivals Ghloia wore colobratod at Athens on tho fith . of Thargolien nearly our April,' with much rejoicing . a ram was tlio victim ; tho namo is supposod to boar tho samo moaning ab Plava, bo often applied by thu Latin poots to tho goddess of corn ; from its signification; horlm virons, has gonoraliy boon applied to womon pos Hcsnud of beauty and siinplicity ; Coros-Oliloo ' luid a toinplu, Chloia, nour tho oitadol ; in Sicily tho cultivators of tho soil colobratod a fcHlival at tho commoncomeat offspring in honor of hor in. tho Tomplo Draxon; honco Ceres Draxontcs. \ j " Big Bon," tho great Westminster boll hung iu tho clock towor of tho Houbob <?! tho Iin|>orinl Farliuinent— cracked though ho bo— is heard nil over London aud known all ovor Europe. Ho can scarcoly bo indebted for cclobrity to his sizo alono. Compared with tho great boll at' Moscow— which was uovor luing, aud is nowusod as a cliapol— ho woigha but 30,0001bs, to tho other's 433,0001bs. Mos cow also boasts tho second largest boll in tho world, St. Ivan, 127,0001bs, but this foil in 1855, I'oUin coiiiuh noxt with a boll of 112,0C01bs ; thon," at a htigo interval, Paris witii 38, 000 — tho weight of Uio Notre Damo bell — "Big: Bon," of Westminster being .fifth,; with his 80,0001bB. Aftor him thb now avuinci xviuunu, .U,ujuiun, UUAU IUC vjutuguu Cathedral ; thou " Great Tom," of Oxford, weighing 17,0001bs., which is n triflo hoarier than the biggost of tho Pope's bolls at St. Peter's. Tho great boll of St. Paul's, tollod only on tho death of mombors-of tlio Itoyal Family, in much smaller, weighing only 8,000 lbs. Tho oldest boll is St. Patrick's, now preserved at Belfast, which is cortftinly 800, and may bo lfiOO years old. This is only six inches high. Tlioro is a largo bell called "The Iloly Ghost," in tho spiro ofStrasburg Catho- dral, only rung whou two firos aro citpiod in tho city by tho watchman at the saino timo. That if, as Mrs. Kumhlo nays in her "Shako Bpoarcati Notes, Lady Mnclsith died of wicked ness who in tlio only hmnan hoing whoever didsa WickcdnoHs, no doubt, kills many pooplq in directly, for there is liurdly a vice or a crime thnt has not some diseaso which is its co- relative. Nuvurthuluss a merely wicked man who mnnngoH to fluurisli like a groon bay- troo \>i mil iivun iiii i, guuu ihu uiui mn oiiku which lias no relation to his wickedness. That continued oppressions in Asia Minor aro the subject of Lord Dtifferin's latest ropro ucntutions to tho Porto. Sir Austen Layard, a lata British Ambassador at Constantinople, used to toll a story illustrativo of tho mothod of Oriental taxation, of a tax imposed by a travelling Oriental magnate in his Pashalik upon tho inhabitants of a village who brought him ovoiything ho wanted to oat. llo thon laid on a tax as compensation for tho wear and tear of his teeth. Tho Bishop of Lincoln, writing to tho Mayor of Grimbsy (Lincolnshire,) on tho tomporanco question, says tho teinperarico pladgo is not Scriptural. It undormincs tho Godhead of Christ, and ho who takes tho pledgo and breaks it weakens the bonds of socioty, Tender con sciences fonr to" bioak.lt, thus ofton sacrific ing their lioalth mid entailing a burdon upon others. Tho. tcinperanco pledgo is both un- scriptural audherotieal. 