SYDNEY TOPICS (bt a correspondent.) Having recently returned from Sydney after a sojourn there of nearly two years, I havo been much struck with the calm that has como over matters political in that colony of late. Not a move has been made on the political chessboard worth chronicling on a par with trie stirring events of twelve months or so ago. I refer to the Milburn Creek scandal, and the mook trial of the principal actors that resulted from it ; the cashiering of Mr. Baker from the House, and the North Shore revelations as to tho land sale to members and their friends, and the ex citement and surprise cauaed bythe ex posure then made, that put even the tricks of the heathen Chinee in the shade. But one has only to lift the political curtain to see that there are new actors ?. on the stage, the moving spirit of the past being dead, or well nigh dead, at least for a time, though he has tha happy knack of appearing ghost-like from behind the scene when least expected, to stir the political caldron once again. I refer to that, adroit and able states man Sir Henry Parkes. ' You will remember the shuffle of the cards that took place over the Milburn Creek business, when the butter was likely to come out of the stirabout, by that case being brought before the House, and how very suddenly the health of this wily politician failed, which necessitated by medical advice an immediate trip to England to restore the balance of power, and how his twin brother of Victorian cabbage garden notoriety, Sir John, took up the political pack to deal his hand, and right well he did it, for they managed to divide the honours between them, while Sir Henry, for the good of his health and country combined, adroitly slipped off home with the trump card of the winning suit up his sleeve to pay his own expenses. Clover Sir Henry, there is no doubt about his ability, for has he not worked his way up from the lowest rundle of. the ladder to the highest . pinnacle . of power by sheer dint of perseverance; and having: played his part well, and the dream of his life at last accom plished, it was meet that he should go home to show the rising generation what may be', done by a clever man in the colonies, and to tell his experiences. But like many clever men he has a wonk nesB for 'blow'— a common complaint with colonial politicans, whose creed seems to be summed up in that one word. And so it came to pass, that before leaving for England he, at a1 dinner given in his honour, gave no uncertain sound on that head in a speech that he made referring to the history of the past, and the part he had taken in it ; and again in foreshadowing the future on his return, how he intended to make Sydney a praise upon earth, and at last wound up a grandiloquent speech in praise of himself, by stating how- proud he was of the position ho had gained, and that he would not change places even with , the first Napoleon (see speech in Sydney Herald). Bravo, Sir Henry, stick to your creed ! And so he did, for on arrival in the old country, his speeches, on vail oc casions .were one continuous 'blow.' Even if he had only to address a, charity school hiB text was Bure to be, ' Look at me, and see what I have done and be come, and- any one of you may attain the same excellence.' But the climax of his self laudation and 'blow', was reached when, at Williss's Rooms, at a dinner given in his honour,' presided over bythe Duke of Edinburgh, he had the audacitv to tell tho comnanv that England could not teach the colonies anything,, when Lord. Kimberley, amidst, the chuckle, of old colonists then present, quietly snubbed him for his cheek, one of whom has since given a history of the speech, and the impression it 'made, and how he murdered the King's English ; as also on a subsequent occasion in speaking to her Majesty, when I sup pose ho had outstripped one of his flights of imagination, she quietly and satirically obsirved ' Indeed ! Sir Henry1' with, a strong asperation which collapsed the Premier, and brought out those criticising lines the outcome of Lord Kimberley's quiet but. telling little snub, and;which he is said to have composed. '; They run thus-: — . ..'',: ,'. ?' ,, 1 {??,.: ? -i . TFtll'Sj's Hooms. Sir'Honry Parkes; who Napoleon would vie, Has been blowing hiB trnmpo|; at dinrior sky ' high, ' ??''???' ' ? ' ?:'?? -?- '-:'?? , ?'? ?: ?? '?' ' :'?? Informing the wide 'world in a very, great speoph, ?:,.. ,, ? ? ,. ;,?);?! .-. .. ' .... That nothing her colonies old England could .'. teach.' '. '?',' ' ' ' .^ '_ ''/i But cheery old Kimberloy, so quiet and plow, Said, ' Parkos, my friend Parkbs, remember, don't blow,' ''? .'';. ' :i' '?}?::'& ???-'. ii\ -;?!?,?; If you only consider you'ro but one. of the crowd, . ; ? ....... ;...,'?;.,.. And t'would look much more modest if you'd ? not talk so loud. .'. '..,', ?' .','?..: You're a vory fine fellow, of ' that there's no doubt, But your dictions' defective; -1 and 'p 'therefore don't spout; ' .. . , ? ' ', '.' ..,, Don't inurdpr king's English, and so furiously ?'.rave, ?'?' ';.'? ?'?' .' ? ' '??'?'??£ ? *'?' ;ilP If you are & .-Prime .Minister bo , modest .and It will sit on your' shoulders with mucipe^er \- graoej_ . ., ^ -. ?,''! ',''''' V'.-V'' ? Keep your blow'' niy dear fellow till baoK in your place.' Parkos folt tho robuff, and never ropliod, Like a cubthatisouffod,or a followthat's liod, AVhilo all the old colonists ohuckled and said, . 'That's ono for you, Parkos, you can hang down your head ; For ohcok you'ro proverbial, of that wo all. know, Likewise that your learning is very so, so. ?? : But wo all gave you orodit for;moro commoni sonso, . . ,,.;?., ? r!, ?. ? And that for good mannors you'd at (least;. paid tho ponco. ?????/ ' , .' , So when you woro asked with his Grace here ? to dine, . ?::?!' -i ' :' ' '.?'?.'?:..'. It was not as a.southowi.star (you Bhonld. shino,. . , ;..-;.'. ?'...,;'.,...' ,'. V But simply as Parkos— Mr. Parkes, 'you. must:: / know. — ' ; '? ;': :. -.?-. 1-'': ' ' ?'?'?? And not tor the pleasure' of hoanng you' 'blow!'' ?';..?????. . : . 1. ?.-?-. But how the mighty are fallen subse quent events will show, for shortly after this ebulition of patriotio' feeling on the part 'of the noble statesman, he returned to the bosom of his old constituency in ? Sydney, only to be ignominiously and ungenerously rejected; arid by the change of Ministry that followed, he lost the high and coveted position of Premier,' and has lately returned to England, not with the flourish of trumpets aa before/ but quietly and unostentatiously, and perhaps a wiser, if a sadder man. . By this time he ought to know what it is to trust to a generous public for past sorvicoB in matters political, but still on hiB return ' £ should not be at all surprised to see another shuffle oi the curds, and . another division of the honours. For come to the front again Sir Henry will in due time, when it is to be hoped he will have learnt the wisdom of' moderating the amount and quality of his ' blow' in the future. ' ? ' ' Westbury, Sept. 25. : 