GENERAL NEWS. The Jubilee Eehibitios a.xb the " Register."—It is worthy of notice in con nection with the date lixeil for the opening of the Adelaide International Jubilee Exhibi tion that the brat newspaper printed in South Australia appeared in June, 1837. The Rovth Australian Register will therefore com plete the fiftieth year of its existence during the month fixed for the opening of the Jubilee Exhibition. The first number of the paper was, however, printed in London in June, 1836, before the future colonists sailed for their destination. The Steamer Coorong.—Messrs. Botting and Co. offered at their auction mart this - morning the well-known steamship Coorong, one of the conditions under which she was submitted being that she should not trade between the South-Eastern ports, owing to - a contract having been signed to that effect. The bidding was started at £5,000. and ran to £6,300, when the vessel was withdrawn. A Pleasant Event.—On FYiday morning, August 3, the masters and scholars of Whin ham College, North Adelaide, assembled in the entertainment hall and presented Mr. John Whinham, the founder of the institu tion, with an address congratulating him upo the attainment of his eightieth birthday, and wishing him a calm and happy Bunseti to his long and useful life. Mr. Whin ham, in acknowledging the presentation,. urged the boys to work hard, and to adhere rigidly to righteous principles, so that when they grew up to man's estate they would become useful citLzensof the country in which their lot is cast. The Rev. Osrio Copland, on behalf of himself and the office-bearers of the North Adelaide Congregational Church, also tendered a letter to Mr. Whinham, conveying : very much the same sentiments as those em bodied in the address from the College. The presentations were preceded by a short service, m which the boys' excellent singing was greatly appreciated. Postal Extension.—The following notices have been issued by the General Post- Olfice: —Daily mails are now exchanged between Adelaide and Hawker. Correspondence for Top Camp, Northern Territory, should be marked to go via Lake Nash, Queensland, and will be forwarded from Adelaide via Brisbane. DEATH OF MR. JOHN SAUNDERS. — News has been received of the death of Mr. John Saunders, at Menindie, New South Wales. The deceased formerly held a responsible position in tbe service of the late Mr. John Primrose, the brewer. He was also a P.P. Grand Master of the Manchester Order of Oddfellows in Adelaide, and he was a prominent officer in the old Volunteer Force of the colony. Mrs. John Hill is a daughter of the deceased gentleman, who for some years past has been residing in the river districts. Lecture on Breathing.—Dr. Verco de livered a lecture on the subject of breath ing at the Children's Hcspital on Friday, August 3. There was a large attendance of ladies. The lecturer in the first place pointed out that our breathing was a necessity of life, . because by the operation we always intro duced into the system the oxygen which was • necessary for its proper support. He ex plained that without the aid of the oxygen the food which we took would not impart warmth or strength, referred to the way in which carbonic acid gas was produced in the system, its deleterious character, and tbe necessity of exhaling it. He urged that ■ plenty of fresh air should always be provided, explained how the atmosphere of a room if not changed was rendered impure by breath ing, and the poisonouB effects upon those inhaling it. He described the position of the lungs, and the, beautiful mechanism by which the cbest and lungs were ex panded and contracted and the operation of breathing performed, Directions were also given as to the way in which the extraordinary muscles for the expansion of the chest might be exercised, and in the cases of sick persons who had difficulty in breathing the employment of the muscles of the arms in such a way as to lead to the further expansion of the chest was advised. He explained that expiration was the result of elastic recoil, and that there wc-re extraordinary muBeles for expiration as well as for inspiration. He pointed out that pereons in good health directly they had finished, breathing in began to breathe out, but before taking another inspiration paused slightly, but that in some cases of disease the pause occurred directly after the inspiration. This latter circumstance should be noticed by nurses, especially in the eaees of young children, as it was of a most significant character. He stated that persons should breathe through the nose instead of through the month, pointing out that illness, which was often tlie result of indulgence in the latter habit, would be avoided if tbe air were inhaled through thenose, which was theproper organ. He condemned the undue compression of the stomachs of infants and the chests of older children and adults, because breathing under these circumstances was hampered. Referring to the question of tight-lacing he said there was no doubt that it was very inconvenient, embarrassing to movement, decidedly injurious to health, and decidedly ugly. If we began early enough we could alter our figures tor life, and bestow upon, ourselves what were called lines of beauty; but it seemed to him that the proper lines of beauty were the lines of health. With tight-lacing we might not only confer lines of beauty, but completely undermine the con stitution, embarrass our hearts and lungs and liver, ana become chronic invalids. He was sure that none of his hearers were so silly as to adopt tight-lacing—they would not court admiration by lines of so-called beauty, but rather by the beauty of their characters. He concluded his lecture by giving a few sug gestions to nurses. as -to the notice to be taken of the breathing of patients. The lecture was couched in the most simple and plain language, and the whole of the facts were presented in the clearest form, the interest of the audience being engaged from first to last. Volunteer Items.—Private H. Jones, D Company, and Private C. W. Benson, K Company, weie fined £2 each and costs at the Police Court on Jaly 3 for absence without leave from five consecutive parades. Colour-Sergeant W. Burton is trans ferred from the Reserve and appointed Colour-Sergeant in A Company. Private Bayley is transferred from G to L Company. The following promotions will take place in the companies named:—B Company, Private Cliff ord to be Lanje-Corporal; D Company, Corporal Thompson to be Sergeant; D Com pany, Lance-Corporal Nicholls to be Cor poral. Lance-Corporal Heylen is permitted to resign bis stripes. His Excellency the Governor has been pleased to accept the resignation of Major B. Solomon, of the V.M.F. Artillery, and to transfer him to the Reserve Force. The passed recruits for 1883 will parade at the Adelaide Railway Station at 1.45 p.m. on Saturday, August 11, and proceed to Dry Creek for target practice. Adelaide Aerated Waters and Brew ing Company.—The first ordinary general meeting of this Company was held at the Sir John Barleycorn Hotel on Friday evening. Mr. A. Klauer was voted to the chair, and •8,255 shares were represented by personal attendance. The Directors' report congratu lated the shareholders on the good of the Company, as the business had very • much increased since it had changed hands. They were supplying at present seventy-four hotels in Adelaide, and thirteen in the Fort Adelaide district, besides doing a good busi ness with country hotels ana several large firms in the city. The tender of Mr. C. Farr, at £1,068, had been accepted for erection of additions and general enlargement of the Angas-street premises in the shape of ' cellarage room, storage, stabling, offices, &c.;, and they had also made extensive additions to the machinery for the summer trade. The report was unanimously adopted. _ Mr. Mark Traccy was appointed a Director in the place of Mr. J. Macdonald, resigned. Messrs. F. D. Woodforde and S. R. Fox were appointed Auditois at a remuneration of £5 5s. each per audit. Emigration prom Great Britain.—A Young Men's Christian Association of Eng land (says the A'ewYork Tribune) has sent an accredited agent to America on a novel mission. His object is to arrange with reputable farmers in the United States, espe cially in the West, for the placing with them of youths from sixteen to eighteen years of age, to be thoroughly instructed in practical farming. The young men are to be selected by the Association from among those who are not fitted for business or have no chance to enter, business, and who have no other ■ openiDg in life. There are, in fact, large numbers of youths in England who, after serving an apprenticeship to a merchant, fiad that there is no work for them to do. The Association intends to send as many such young men as possible to this country. They will only be sent to farmers who are well • established, and who will bo in a measure responsible for those entrusted to their care. It ie believed that there are many such farmers who would be glad to have the services of respectable lads at a nominal figure. It is also proposed to provide homes in this country for girls as domestics, who are unwilling to take such positions in their own country, and many of whom rapidly go to ruin. Typhoid Fever Cases at the Hospital. —It is satisfactory to learn from the answer . given to a question asked by Mr. T. King, M,P., at the meeting of the Hospital Board on Friday, that there has recently been a considerable falling-off in the number of typhoid fever cases in the institution, ani ■ that only seven fever patients were under treatment it present. Appointment op Local Court Bailiffs.— The following are the successful applicants for the position of Assistant Bailiffs at the Local Court of AdelaideWm. Norton (first assistant). S. Goodman (second assist ant), A. Jaescnke, W. Teake, G. Johnson, L. Bigwood, J. F. Smith, R. J. Hibbert. ' Over 200 candidates had sent in applications . for the appointments. Belair Inebriates' Retreat.—The annual " meeting of subscribers of this institution was held at the Y.M.C. Association Hall on Friday morning, July 27. The Hon. D. . Murray, M.L.C., presided over a small meet ' ing. The report showed that the work of the institution had been satisfactorily carried out during the last twelve months, and the Committee expect that the usefulness of the Retreat will be largely increased by the com modious new buildings which have recently been erected by the aid of the Govern ; m it. The Superintendent stated that . 4w enby-Eve men and ten women had ■ been admitted during the past year, and ■ that the present number of patients was 12. Dr. Hayward gave a most satisfactoiy report as to the health of the inmates. The balance eheet showed that £725 15s. 4<L had been . received for patients' fees, £1,376 6s. Id. from the Government, that the balance-sheet at the last audit was £1.560 0s. lid., and that the present Bank overdraft was £85718s., the ■ expenditure during the year having been expenditure duriDg the year having been £5,40614s. 5d., or £2,41718s. lid. in excess of receipts. The report and balance-sheet were adopted, and the retiring members of the Committee were re- elected. Abusing the Victorian Border Per mits.—We understand that a complaint has been made by Victorian commercial travellers and others of an alleged abuBe by Bome South Australian traders of the ar rangement with regard to permits made early in 1881 between the Governments of South Australia and Victoria. Under one clause of the regulations permits may be obtained in Victoria to take over the boundary by land any goods chargeable with duty on their importation into South Aus tralia, the goods included in the permit being thus exempted from payment of duty. This arrangement was reciprocal, applying also to South Australia. It was made to meet the cases of bona-fide Border settlers and traders, who, it was suggested, would suffer a hardship if this permit system were not allowed. The practical effect of the arrangement was that lots of goods to the value of not more than £30 were permitted to go over the Border from both sides without paying duty. It is now stated that some South Australian traders have abused the spirit of the regulation by sending large quantities of goods over the Border to Kaniva and other adjacent places without paying duty on them, protecting themselves by making up the goods into invoices repre senting not more than £30 each. The Victorian traders complain that they are thus unfairly handicapped in the prosecution of their business, and we understand that the subject of their complaint is now under consideration by the Government Death of Mrs. Frankbnberg.—The City Coroner having made enquiries into the cause of death of Mrs. Frankenberg, who died suddenly at her residence, at Kent Town, on the afternoon of Monday last, having communicated with Drs. Cawley and Seabrook, he did not con sider an inquest necessary, as beyond donbt heart disease was the cause of death. City Permanent Building and Invest ment Society.—The thirty-fourth half-yearly meeting of this Society was held at the Society's office, Gresnam Chambers, on Wednesday evening, August 1. There was a fair attendance of shareholders. The balance sheet and report were received with marked satisfaction, and the Directors congratulated on the high degree of success attained by the Society. The nominations of Mr. William Rundey as President, and Messrs. J. Lloyd and James Twigg as Directors, were con firmed. A vote of thanks was accorded tc the Secretary for his services, and a similar vote to the Directors. River Levels.—The following was the Btate of the rivers at the undermentioned stations at 9 a.m. Wednesday, August 1 Tilpa, Wilcannia, summer level; Euston, 11 ft. 1 in.; VVentworth, 9 ft. 7 in.; Bal ranald, 8 ft. 1 in.; Overland Corner, 5 ft 2 in.; Wagga, 4 ft.; Hay, 3 ft. 10 in.; Poon carrie, 3 ft. 11 in.; Guqdagai, 3 ft. 7 in. Slenindie, 3 ft. 1 in. The Old Colonists' Association.—The Council of thiB Association met in the Mayor's patlour on Saturday last, and considered several applications for pressing relief, which they could not entertain, as the sum the rules allow to be devoted for relief had been exhausted. An offer was made to them hy a citizen to give a donation of 100 guineas, providing four others will give each a like sum; and two of the members of the Council promised to give £50 each, providing the funds of the Association were raised to £1,000. It was determined that an effort should be made to secure the fulfilment of these pro mises. The Council expressed themselves as hopeful during the present year of being able to purchase land on which to erect the Homes for which the Association was established, and they felt that it had strong claims to the practical sympathy and liberality of South Australians iu all parts of the province. The opinion of the Council was that, in addition to, or apart from subscriptions, the public might assist the Association by donations. New School Buildings. — New State schools are in course of erection at Port Augusta and Hawker by Messrs. Thomas Sara & Co. At Port Augusta the new build ing adjoins the old school at the south side, and ib a single-story building of Two Hum mocks 6tone with cement dressings. The contract price is £1,187, and the work will be completed in about six weeks. It is of the ordinary style of school architecture in this colony, a fine broad verandah running along the front for 25 feet, beiog7 feet wide. There are two classrooms, one 43 x 20 feet, and 19 feet in height from floor to ceiling (which is coved 3 feet high) and the other of the same height and 20 x 18. The walls of each are 1G feet high, and there is a new lavatory 7 x 10 , feet. The Hawker school is a totally new one, and contains one classroom 25 x 20 x 14, the height from floor to cove ceiling being 1(1 feet. It is being built of Hawker stone, which is said to be a superior article, and will have brick dressings. The teacher's residence will contain four rooms, three being 13 x 13 feet, and one 1SJ x 13 feet, the walls being 11J feet high. It was commenced Beven weeks ago, and will be competed in a month. South Austbalian TrpocBArnicAL Society.—The half-yearly meeting of this Society was held on Saturday evening, July 28, in the Labour League Hall, Hindley street, Mr. A. A. Kirkpatrick (President) presiding. There was a good attendance of members. The Secretary (Mr. E. H. Clark) read the half - yearly report and balance sheet. There is £1,000 out on mortgage, and the Mortality Fund amounts to £87 14s. 3d., bringing the total of the Society's funds up to £1,26415s. lid.—an increase in the past six months of £114 7s. 3d. The election of officers then took place with the following resultPresident, Mr. Joseph Patterson ; Vice-Presidents, Messrs. S. J. Cross and H. Henstridge ; Auditors, Messrs. T. A. Beeves (re-elected) and C.H.Keatch. .Reference being made in the report by the Board of Manage ment to the unsatisfactory working of some of the rules, it was decided that they should he revised forthwith. Home Mission Society.—The Bishop of Adelaide preached to a large congregation at Glenelg on Sunday morning in aid of the Home Mission Society. His Lordship read the following pastoral letter: — "My dear people—1 earnestly commend to you the cause for which the collection for the Home Missions Fund is being made in your Church. In connection with the Bishop's Home Mission Society it will be henceforward civen to the extension of the Church's wort in our own Diocese. A great trust devolves f pon us, brethren. For our blaster's sake, and for our brethren's sake, and, indeed, for our own sake, we are bound to do our utmoBt in handing on the blessings which we ourselves have snared in. For our Master's sake—for in His constant love He is yearning after those who do not know His ways, and we wonld enter into His mind; for our brethren's sake—for we know their needs, and that the Church has a mes sage which can satisfy their wants and bring life to their souls; and for our own sake, for we only live in exercising our power of life, and to rest indifferent to the spiritual wants around us means the decay of the spiritual life we have. A letter, which any of you can receive on application to your clergyman or to the Church Office in Adelaide, will indicate the manner in which we are endeavouring to develop the Church's work. The fields are already ripe for harvest, and the Great Master Reaper, the Lord of toe harvest, who would send forth His labourers into His harvest, claims from us the help He has put it in our power to give. It is m His name I am urging upon you the great duty and privilege of extending the work of his Church, of gathering wanderers into the fold of which He is the Shepherd, of building up that house over which He is the Son, and of fostering the growth of that body of which He is the Head. He will not despise the offering of the poorest, but the measure of His love to us should be the measure or the effort in which we make known His love to others. Praying the blessing of our merciful God upon you, I am, my dear people, your faithful servant in ChriBt Jesus, G. W. Adelaide." The text for the sermon was taken from Hosea xiv., 4-8, and the preacher dwelt upon the purity, strength, growth, and influence of the Church, which he said was brought about by the indwelling of the Holy Ghost. He then referred to tbi Society on whose behalf he was preaching, and pointed out that the fund was now used entirely for extending the Church work in the Diocese, which was in need of more clergy. There were also a large number of places within the province too poor to help themselves, and who therefore needed as sistance. A collection was subsequently taken up in aid of the funds of the Society, which amounted to upwards of £25. His Lordship will preach at St. Paul's on Sunday next on behalf of the Society. United Methodism.—For years past some of the ministers and leading laymen in the various sections of the Methodist Cnurch have (says the Melbourne Daily Telegraph) been urging the desirability of attempting to bring about a union of all the Churches. The idea has been so far approved that com mittees have been appointed at the annual gatherings of the several bodies to meet and confer. The members of these committees have been assembling during the last few days at Wesley Church, Lonsaale-street, and we understand the utmost cordiality has been manifested, and unanimity exceeding the anticipations of the most sanguine. Upon doctrines there is no diversity of opinion— never has been—but in matters of polity con siderable differences have prevailed. Mutual concessions, however, upon things non essential bid far to open the way in Aus tralia for that which has been brought about in Ireland and Canada—one united Methodist Church. Help fob Suffering Germans.—The sub scription list to the Rhine Inundation Fund is now closed. The total amount subscribed in South Australia is £548 12s. 3d., which, less expenses, haB been forwarded to Ger many fordiBtributionamongst the sufferers. The Naibne Railway.—The two lorg and important bridgesat Aldgate and Bridge water, on the second section of the Nairne Railway, are now (states the Mount Barker CtAirier) within a few days of completion, and as soon as they are fairly out of hand the'task of laying the sleepers will be began. A large portion of the line is already ballasted, and when once there gaps are fairly bridged over there will lie nothing to prevent continuous work in connection with the plate-laying. Theembankments havebad every opportunity of becoming thoroughly consolidated during the heavy winter, which is now nearly over, while the steep sides of the cuttings have also been adequately tested, so that there need be no fear of further subsidence after traffic has begun upon the line. The necessary works in connection with the water supply for railway purposes at Nairne, and also for the station and goodsaccommodation demanded by the ex pected traffic at that place have been begun, and it is expected that all will be in thorough readiness either at the time or immediately after the opening of therailwav. The facilities fur rapid and comfortable transit offered by the first section have eiven the residents of the Sonth a practical fore taste cf the advantages which will follow in the train of completed communication, and as a consequence there is some degree of impatience manifested at the delay which has taken place in the construction of the second portion of the railway. Heavy weather has retarded the contractors and has rendered some addition to the contract time altogether unavoidable. New Baptist Chdbch, Glen Osmond.— The opening services of this Church were held on Sundav, July 29, when the Revs, S. Fairey, W. B. Hiddlestone, and G. Hogben preacned. On Monday tea and public meet ings were held in the Church. Both meetings were crowded. At the public meeting Mr. C. H. Goode, who occupied the chair, said he was glad that the members had built a Church, as the number present justified their action. A Sunday-school was to be opened next Sunday, and be boped it would be well attended. The prosperity of tbe Church depended on the religious instruction of the children, ne wished them every success, and hoped soon to see tbe building doubled in si*e. The Treasurer, Mr. D. W. Melvin, read bis report, which showed that the land had cost £11814s. 4d., the building £410 (of which £230 was paid), and seats, lighting, &c.;, brought the expense up to about £600. Against this £110 had been subscribed, £40 in tbe shape of promises was uncollected, they bad borrowed £50 from the Baptist Building Society, and there was a temporary mortgage of £300 on the premises, which left about £100 to he raised. Addresses were delivered by the pastor (Rev. J, Paynter), the Revs. S. Fairey and W. Coller, and Mr. J. Gray. Death of John Cakbis.—Mr. Cartas, who was for many years a driver for Hill & Co. on the Strathalbyn line, died on Monday morning. The deceased had made many friends amoDg the travelling public, and his death will be much regretted by all with whom be came in contact. Recognition of Braveey. — A very interesting ceremony took place on Satur day, tbe 28th inst., at the Port Augusta Council Chamber, when Magnus Cheyne, guard upon the Great Northern Railway line, and Tenby, stoker, Davey, guard, and Harrison, driver, were presented wren a money testimonial for their uncoupling a burning truck from the train, the said truck containing a quantity of gunpowder. Most of the leading townspeople were present. Mr. S. J. Mitchell (Mayor of Port Augusta) was voted to the chair, and said the men had acted bravely and had shown unusual courage, and it was well to reward them in a substantial way. The action of the men was appreciated by the whole colony. Mr. C. E. Stokes, J.P., who was mainly instru mental in getting the testimonial up. said that he was sorry that theffund was not larger, but it would be sufficient for the purpose intended by those proceed ings, viz., to reward and encourage acts of bravery resulting in the preservation of life and property. They were all familiar with the circumstances or the case by which the four men uncoupled a truck of burning chaff from the passenger train to a place where the gunpowder stored therein safely exploded, without danger to the passengers. The men had carried out rather more tnan their duty; at any rate, they had risked their lives— (Hear, hear)—and had prevented a disaster. The amount collected was £33 7s., to which the Government had added a like sum. He had therefore much pleasure in presenting each man with £1613s. 6d., as it was thought advisable to make the recognition in coin, so that each might do what he chose in the way of a safe investment. The presentation was then made, Mr. T. Young, J".P., also testify ing to the appreciation of the subscribers for their conduct, whereby they had averted not only a great disaster but saved the Go vernment perhaps some thousands of pounds. Mr. Forwood, the Traffic Superintendent, said that Magnus Cheyne was unavoidably absent on duty, but he liad much pleasure in receiving the testimonial for him. The men were fully aware of the danger of their task, but they expressed surprise as well as pleasure in learning of this public recogni tion. Messrs. Harrison, Davey, and Tenby biiefly thanked the subscnbers, and stated that they hoped if ever such an occasion arose again they would be found doing their duty. The Salvation Army.—At the usual weekly temperauce meeting at the Barracks, Morphett -street, on Saturday evening, Chaplain Turnbull, in the course of an address, referred to the long noticeB in the Press as to the Town Hall meetings, but took no notice of their proceedings, although they were doing a good work in the saving of souls. He said he had seen in one of the papers that at the Town Hall meetings they did not Bhout like the Salvation Army, bnt he stated that if he had been at the Town Hall he would have shouted, and he could not have helped it. One speaker, referring to the ail-night meeting, stated that directions were given that the converts were not to shout " Amen" nor " Hallelujah," but the speaker asserted tbat if be had been there he would have shouted. Mr. Turnbull re ferred to the fallen women who had been rescued by means of the Army, said that it was intended to start a home for them, and that £17 had been collected towards the ex pense, besides friends had sent in articles of furniture. A man in the meeting stated that he would give a table- lamp, which was ac cepted amid cries of "Hallelnjah." Eight Houbs' Work on Tramways.— In connection with the Tramway Company's Bill in the Victorian Legislative Assembly, the following clause was inserted on a divi sion by 33 votes to 20:—" No person employed by the Company as a driver or conductor of any tram ear or tramcars or animals belonging to the Company shall be employed in any capacity for more than eight consecutive hours at any time, or for more than eight hours in any twenty-four hours, except in cases of urgent necessity, and such eight houTs shall be a legal day s work. The Com pany shall be liable to a penalty of £3 for each and every contravention of this section.' Port Labour.—A significant fact with regard to the labour market was observable on Tuesday morning, when over 150steve dores and unemployed wharfmen were counted at the flagstaff steps, Port Adelaide. Adelaide and Hindmarsh Tramway Company. — The annual meeting of the shareholders of this Company was held in the Register Chambers on Tuesday morning, when the balance-sheet and Directors' report were adopted. The report mentioned that the liabilities of the Company amounted to £15,227 9s. 3d., and the Board asked for power to increase the capital to £15,000 by o,000 shares of £3 each, having a right to a preferential dividend of 8 per cent, per annum. An extraordinary meeting was then held, at which authority was given to the Directors to issue the shares. It was explained that unless the whole of the shares were taken up by the shareholders the Com pany would have to go into liquidation. Elder's Wool and Produce Company.— The annual meeting of Elder's Wool and Produce Company was held in the offices, Grenfell-street, on Tuesday, July 31. There was a large attendance. Mr. R. Barr Smith presided, and in moving the adoption of tne report, which has already been published, said the Directors considered the result of the year's work fairly satisfactory. At the same time personally he felt somewhat dis appointed, although of course he did not pretend to say that it was a bad result to have a dividend of 10 per cent, in the first year. He considered that the amonnt of the dividend was quite as much as the Company had reason to expect, but he would have pre ferred seeiug a larger balance carried forward for the purpose of giving the Company a greater reduction of the goodwill, and to serve as a Reserve Fund to equalize future dividends. The season had been very much against them, as it had been a bad one for the ebeepfaruiers and for the market. The London market bad not been in such a Btate as to encourage speculators in the wool trade, and there had been a difficulty with buyers and sellers in the matter of the charges the Company were entitled to expect. There had been a con sequent reduction and a loss. However, the Directors thought they had finally adjusted matters in regard to the charges. There was a tendency in every trade to cavil at charges, but it was hoped that the arrangemont arrived at would prove satisfactory, and be of a permanent character. There had not been bo much business done outside the wool, such as the sale of station property, as he had hoped during the preceding year, but the Directors did not despair of having a more cheering report in the future. There was no doubt that persons who Bold their wool in the coloDy last season bad profited thereby. The advantage of having a final settlement was most apparent. Since he had been in the colony he had seen that it was profitable for the grower to sell his wool in the colony. As to the Company, even with reduced charges, the Directors could confidently count upon an encouraging future, Mr. C. M. Todd (of Messrs. Charles Hart & Co.) seconded, and the report was adopted. Mr. P. Waite and the Hon. R. C. Baker, retiring Directors, were re-elected. Messrs. Arthur Y. Harvey and William Mair were re-elected Auditors. The Cradock School.—Messrs. Mortlook onrl PaoIiti nrARAnfori ft npfitinn fn f,hp. Minister of Education (Hon. J. L, Parsons) on Tuesday in reference to the Cradock School. The docnment stated that the build ing now in existence was inadequate for the requirements of the place, and that in summer the overcrowding that existed fre quently caused the children to be carried home insensible. The Minister, in reply, promised to have a report made on the subject. H.M.S. Nelson at Levuka. — H.M.S. Nelson, Commodore Erskine, arrived at Levuka on July 9. In the evening the electric lights were displayed from the vessel, and the' " isle was frighted from its pro priety" by the unearthly, the almoBt demoniacal shrieks, groans, and waitings of the steam siren, or fog-Bignal apparatus with which the vessel is furnished. The Fiji Times says:—"As the first unearthly skirl ' rose on the night air and reverberated amongst the hillB, the native inhabitants of Waitovu scrambled from their sleeping places in terror and congregated on the Deacn. Their first impression was that Lucifer himself was let loose amongst them and was celebrating his release from the nether world, and as the idea was hurriedly canvassed the whole com munity became abjectly demoralized with fear. Then the man at the siren roused her up again, and while the crowd stood terror stricken some one suggested that it was the spirit of Lusiana, a young girl whom they bad recently buried near the town, come hack to vex them. (That was enough; the ' Turaga ni Koro' gathered up bis tapa, and lit out for Levuka; the teacher came second, the able-bodied men kept well up with the pair, while the scream ing women and children brought up the rear. Not a soul was left in the town, but away they streamed due south ; and each succes sive howl from the infernal machine lent wings to their feet and fresh energy to their shrieks of terror. At Vagadace the chief, fairly out of breath, was met by other Fijiaus who bad learnt the cause of the racket, and when the matter was explained he sat down on the ground with a grunt expressive of supreme disgust. He nad learnt a little English, and lie gave the Nelson the benefit of it, blurtiDg out in gasps of intermingled Fijian and English all the imprecations he could master, and denouncing the whole ship's company from the Commodore to the smallest powder-monkey." Customs Case.—AVr understand that the Customs authorities have under considera tion a singular case. Two similar consign ments for different houses were recently cleared, and the Landing Surveyor in going through the invoices noticed a large difference in the prices. The consignment at the lower price, which was a transhipment from Mel bourne, was sent into bond, pending the correspondence with the Melbourne Customs on the subject. The goods detained contained drugs principally. Habes.—It seems that these animalB are multiplying rapidly in the hill districts. In the neighbourhood of Gumeracha, and also of Blackwood and Mount Lofty, they are a source of considerable trouble and loss to the gardeners and fruit-growers. The hares have a very great liking for the bark of young fruit-trees, and, if left alone, these are often billed by them. Some growers surround their young trees with rag bandages, others with about a foot of wire netting. The former is apt to cramp the tree and harbour damp and insects, while the latter is rather expen sive where some hundreds of trees have to be dealt with. Mr. W. Walters, of near Eers brook, takes a number of small stakes, such as young wattle, drills holes through the tops ana then plants them round the tree and runs a wire in a circle through the holes. This is very economical of money outlay, but we doubt if the time required to gather the stakes is not worth more than the cost of wire netting, which would answer the same purpose. Wants of Chadock and Wilson.—A. large meeting of the inhabitants of Cradock, Wilson, and neighbourhood was held on Tuesday evening, the 24tb inst., attheGillick Arms Hotel, Wilson. Mr. P. Gillick, J. P., presided. He said the district required tele graphic communication, a Post ana Telegraph Office combined in an independent building, railway facilities at Wilson, the main road repaired, additional Magistrates, the re vision of the names on the Electoral Boll, traffic returns of Wilson, a crossing at Warooka, and further improvements to the Government Well. Hesolutions .in favour of these " requirements" were carried, and the various speakers entered into details showing the claims the district has to con sideration. One speaker offered to give a piece of land upon which to erect a Bank. All united in referring to the pressing want of additionsl railway facilities, and a Watch Committee was appointed to conserve the interests of the district. The Adelaide Exhibition and Mb. Thomas Hakdy.—Mr. -Thomas Hardy, one of the Commissioners for the Adelaide Jubilee Exhibjtion, lias been paying a visit to America principally with a view of gaining information as to the cultivation of the vine and the making of wine in that country. He is also doing all be can to promote the interests of the Exhibition among American people. An interesting account of a conver sation between the South Australian visitor and a reporter of the San Francisco Chronicle appears in an issue of that paper re ceived by the Californian mail. Mr. Hardy informed his interviewer that the result of recent efforts to improve the quality of South Australian wines had been the production of a better class of wine than he had met with in California. The expres sion of this opinion naturally led the reporter to ask " if your Australian wines are better than those made in California, wherein would our producers gain by competing at your pro posed exposition?" To this Mr. Hardy re plied—" There is no doubt but that the Cali fornia wines may be as good as any we have, only I have not seen wines here with the 'age' of ours. By competition, however, if vour producers and manufacturers put their best productions in competition; the medals and notices they obtain will be in the nature of an advertisement for them here at borne, where they have all the States for a market. We in the colonies think more of a medal from a Bordeaux competition than of one from a home Exhibition. But your people have doubtless other articles than wine which they might exhibit to advantage in the colony's exposition. I believe you are in advance of us in the manufacture of agri cultural aDd other machinery; then the natural productions of California are varied and extensive, and I am sure that by sending from here what we lack it will lead to the advantage of your citizens. The exposition will open about the beginning of October, 1886, which month is the commencement of onr snmmcr; it will continue some six months. Id the first month we will- have two or three days of cattle and horse Ex hibitions, which will be a good time to show your famous California thoroughbreds." Mr. Hardy gave other interesting information to the interviewer, tho publication of which Will no aouDl nave a vaiuauie eueoi. ui i»ui ing attention to our great national Show. Lieutenant Waghorn's SistebSi—Two sisters ot Lieutenant Waghorn, the pioneer of the overland or Suez route to India and Australia, are living in Melbourne (says the Argus J. They are both over eighty years of age, and in a state of absolute poverty and distress. Friends have appealed for assistance on their behalf to the Government, and their case has been considered by the Cabinet. The two ladies have no more olaim on the Victo rian Government than on the Imperial Go vernment and on the other Australian Colo nies, but our Cabinet has decided to give them £1 per week each, subject of course tc the approval of Parliament. John Hill and Company, Limited.—At the half-yearly meeting of shareholders of this Company, held in the Exchange Arbi tration Room on Wednesday morning, the report and balance sheet, which we nave already published, were submitted. The Chairman (the Hon. J. Crozier, M.L.C.), in moving tbeir adoption, thought the shareholders were well satisfied, and stated that the Directors had every reason to believe the business would continue to prove remunerative. If they had a good harvest this year the expenses would be re duced by nearly £2,000. Although the amount of £715 10s. Id. appeared as a depreciation account he did not think their plant would really depreciate iu value at all, as the yards, &C.;, were bo well kept by their manager. The Hon. A. B. Murray, M.L.C., seconded the motion, expressing his opinion that the statements submitted were veiy encouraging, and that the shareholders had every reason to be thankful for the way in which the business had been conducted so far, and he did not think their plant would depreciate one farthing. Adopted. On the motion of Mr. J. Fisher, J.P., seconded by Mr. W. Kav, J.P., a vote of thanks was awarded to tne Directors and the manager, Mr. John Hill. Death at Sea.—The City Coroner made enquiries on board the barque Augustiua on Tuesday last, relating to the death of Mrs. Adelaide Zimdars, wife of Captain Zimdars. It appears that the deceased lady was in somewhat delicate health when the vessel left England, and her medical advisers thought the trip might be beneficial to her. She was at this time suffering from a cough and gradually got worse, and when off the Cape of Good Hope, ou June 19, she died. The captain being anxious to have the body interred on land took every necessary precautiont and brought it on to Fort Ade laide. It is supposed that phthisis was the cause of death, and a certificate of burial was given. Calcutta Exhibition.—The greater part of the entries have been received, but, as usual, some exhibitors are rather dilatory in sending in the forms. Messrs. Elder, Smith, & Co., as agents for the P. & O. Company, will receive exhibits at tbeir Port office, and forward them free of charge to Calcutta, Ball at Norwood.—On Wednesday even ing a ball, given by the Mavor of Kensington and Norwood (Mr. K. St. Barbe-Miller, J.P.), was held in the new Town Hall, Nor wood. The affair passed off most brilliantly, there being no less than 200 couples present. Among the guests were His Excellency the Governor, Lady Robinson, members of lioth Houses of the Legislature, and a large num ber of the influential citizens of Adelaide and the municipality of Norwood. The hall was tastefully decorated with evergreens and flags, a collection of ferns at the end of the hall being particularly attractive. The floor was in fine condition, and as the orchestra discoursed good music the dancing was thoroughly enjoyed. _ His Excellency danced with the Mayoress in the first set of quadrilles, and Lady Robinson was engaged by the Chief Secretary (Hon. J. C. Bray). The viceregal party stayed until after supper, and dancing was continued till an early hour in the morning South Australian Insurance Company, Limited.—The report oi the Directors of this Company for the year ended Jane SO lost is as follows:—"In the fire department the i business of the Company 1ms teen well main tained, notwithstanding, a continued redac tion in rates. The premium account exceeds In amount that of the previous year, which indicates a much larger business and a corre sponding increase of risk. The marine pre mium account shows a slight decrease on the previous year. The losses in both branches of the business have been unusually heavy, amounting to—on fire, £9,66713s.; on marine, £9,267 12s. 2d. In the loan and property depaitment the sum of-£117,577 is invested in mortgage, deposits, .and freehold property, yielding an average return of 6£ per cent. Additions have been made .to the value of the freehold property by the .building of addi tional offices, at a cost of £1,057 8s. lid., which it is confidently expected will return good interest on the outlay. An interim dividend of Is. 6d. per share on the old issue, and 4Jd. per share on newj was paid in Feb ruary last. The balance, to credit of profit and loss is £12,090 14s. lid., which your Directorspropose to appropriate as follows: —To payment of a dividend of Is. 6d. per share on old,' and 4£d. per share on new issue, £4,087 10s.: to be carried forward against current risks. £7,403 4s. lid. The Reserve Fund amounts to £50,000, . and the paid-up capital £62,500. Mutual Fire Insurance Company op i South Australia.—The Directors' report of this Company is as follows:—" Your Di rectors, in placing before you the second annual balance-sheet, have pleasure in being again able to congratulate you upon the rapidly increasing business of the Company, while they regret that the result of the year s transactions has not been, profitable. The premium revenue for the year is £3,843 17s., against £2,285 last year; and as a result of f>ast and present eflorts a further increase is coked for during the current year. The re ducing of the Company's limits upon risks has been steadily adhered to, and an expendi ture of £797 3s. 4d. has been incurred to efl'ect the necessary reinsurances with other Companies Against this sum the Com pany has yet to receive a large amount of business in return. The number of losses for the year have been twenty-two, twenty-one of which have been settled for £1,485 16s. 5d., leaving one claim to settle, upon which the Company's loss is estimated at £250. The sum of £8,545 has been invested on j mortgage in first-class securities at from 7 to 8 per cent, interest, which, with cash in Bank (£1,336 7s. lOd.) and cash in hand (£819s,), makeB total funds £9,962' 16s. 10a. The number of agents appointed to represent the Company in the colony, exclusive of Adelaide agents, is 114." The profit and loss account ■shows a loss for the year of £5313s. lid. The .annual general meetingof the sharehold era was ] held on Monday morning, the only business transacted being the adoption of the balance sheet and report. Borne discontent was expressed that the operations of the Com- i pany had! not been profitable, bnt that was explained. by the tact that the low-. nessof insurance rates. and the number of fires which had occurred had prevented the Company accumulating a! credit balance. It was also mentioned that proposals for amal <5)mpany, and that the Directors were in clined to view them in a favourable light. Adelaide Milling and Mercantile ] •Company.—The half-yearly meetingof share holders of this Company Was held at Mercan tile Chambers; Victoria-square, on Monday morning, Jnly 80. There was a good attend ance of shareholders, > and Mr. F. Makin occupied the chair. The half-yearly report of the Directors was' presented, and was -adopted on the motion' of the Chairman, seconded by Mr. S. D. Clyde, J.P. From it we quote tne following:—"The vast improve ments which of late years have taken place In Hungarian and American systems of milling nave not escaped the notice of the Directors. Those improvements are now being gradually introduced into the Company's mills, and it is believed that by this means the admitted superiority of South Australian wheat will be preserved from detriment in the process of manufacture. The deficient out-turn of our last harvest and the de pressed condition of the European markets nave necessarily imposed some restriction on the amount of business done, but arrange ments made will enable the Directors to operate more extensively and to better | advantage during future seasons, whether adverse or auspicious as regards the yield. "With more particular reference to this -colony it may be mentioned that numerous proposals have been laid before the Board for investment of the Company's funds on mortgage.. sales of produce on credit, &c.; but, with few exceptions, such overtures .have been rejected, the Directors considering that the true interests of the shareholders will be found in carrying out a safe though limited business rather than in operations ot a more extensive and more hazardous nature." It had been decided to erect a flour-mill at Hawker, and the Directors had purchased Mr. Young's mill and business at Snowtown. This had enabled them to remove the Com pany's mill from that township to Moonta, where its re-erection was nearly completed, ■and milling would be commenced in a few j weeks. A safe and valuable investment had been secured by the purchase of a large interest in the "Willowie Estate, near Mount Remarkable, and in the Wirrialpa and other runs and travelling-stock stations in the North. The proprietors of these lands, in cluding this Company, had since formed themselves into the Willowie Land and Pas toral Association, Limited, and it was confi- i dently anticipated that a liberal revenue would be derived from the capital thus invested. University of Adelaide.—At a meeting •of the Council of the University of Adelaide held on July 27, the Rev. W. Robv Fletcher, M.A, was unanimously elected Viee-Chan cellor of the University. Masonic.—A large meeting of Free masons took place on July 30, to discuss "a subject of the gravest importance -concerning the progress of Freemasonry in this province." Brother H. C. Mais pre sided. Brother H. M. Addison proposed— " That in the opinion of this meet ing it is desirable that the Grand Lodge of Free and Accepted Masons of South Australia be formed, and that imme diate steps be taken to that end." Brother W. Barlow moved as an amend ment—" That after the word ' formed' in the resolution here should be inserted the words 'with the consent of the Grand Lodges of England, Scotland, and Ireland.'" The proposition was carried by 107 votes, as against 20 for the amendment. It was then agreed—" That those brethren now present undertake to UBe their best efforts to carry ont the first resolution, and hereby form themselves into a Masonic Union for that purjiose, with power to add to their number." Executive Committee of fifteen was ap pointed, five from the English, the Irish, and the Scotch Constitutions, to carry out the objects, with power to add to the numbers. Tun WlLLOWIE STATION FrOPBBTT.—An action was commenced at the Supreme Court on Thursday, before the Chief Justice, by John Howard Angas,. against James Cowan, Sir William Morgan, and others, to compel the defendants to execute a further charge, in pursuance of an agreement made by them with the plaintiff on January X, 1883. Prior to that date the defendants formed themselves into a Company, called the Wil lowio Land and Pastoral Association, for the purpose of purchasing Mr. Angas's Willowie Station and stock. The price agreed upon between the parties wis £312,750 for the freehold and leasehold lands, the stock. &c.;, to be taken at valuation. £10,000 of the purchase-money was paid down, £68,250 j became due on 1st of the present month, and the balance, £234,750, was secured to the plain tiff by m ortgage, which becomes due on January I 1, 1888. Messrs. Good and Taylor were appointed by the parties as valuators, and after their work had been completed the defendants refused to pay for several of the items assessed, such as tanks, &c.;, which they alleged had been previously paid for in the purchase- money, on the ground that they were fixtures. The plaintiff's case was of a formal character, and had just closed when the Court adjourned until the following day. Telegraphic Communication.—The fol lowing new telegraph stations have been opened on the China line:—Nanchnng, Hang chow, Ningpo, and Ahanhing. The rate per word for the three first named is 10s. 8cL, for the last 10s. 9d. ' The Late Mr. Teague. — Mr. Edward Teague, one of the oldest residents at Stirling West, was seized with an apoplectic fit whilst attending Divine service on Sunday evening last. The deceased was the proprietor of the well- known refreshment-rooms opposite Messrs. Hill & Co.'s changing stables, and held considerable other property in the neigh bourhood. Some time ago he made a liberal donation of £50 towards the Congregational Church, which has since been erected near the Mount Lofty Station. The remains were interred in the Blakiston Cemetery on Tues day in the presence of number of friends and relatives. Meeting at Caltowie.—A large meeting | was held in the Institute Hall, Caltowie, on July 30 to discusB the Land Bill. Mr. T. Williams, J.P., presided. On the third clause being read Mr. Seikmann considered it too sweeping a measure, and there was no J occasion for it. Mr. J. Howie supported, pointing out that advantage bad been taken of the surrender clause, but the farmers could not be blamed for that, as the land should have been classified. Mr. Russell stated that if the Government had adopted the policy of the Farmers' Association and em bodied it in their Bill of last year it would | have saved a great deal of dissatisfaction in connection with the surrender olause. Mr. N. O'Halloran considered hundreds had been benefited by the introduction of the | clause, while very few had suffered, A reso tion, "That this meeting approve of the general principles of the Land Bill now be fore the House," was earned. Mr. Seikmann ! moved—" That this meeting disapprove of the action of the Government in introducing the Pastoral Leases Bill at the present time." Mr. O'Halloran seconded. Mr. ° RusBell thought it might have been left until after the general election. Mr. Howie moved— " That this meeting is in favour of a compul sory, free, and secular system of eduoation." Mr. Hughes seconded. Mr. Russell moved an amendment that the word secular be struck out, which was carried by the Chair man's casting vote. The meeting was unani mously in favour of a free system of educa tion. Angaston Marble.—The half-yearly meet ing of the shareholders of Sibleys Angaston Marble Company, Limited, was held on Monday, Jnly 30, at the Angaston Institute, at which about 600 shares were represented. The quarry iB situated at the base of a hill, about 24 acres in extent and 80 feet high. It is intended to ereot a crusher for breaking road metal, which, together with a kiln to be erected, will absorb the whole of the frag ments and rough material to a minimum. The Directors reported that a well had been sunk and a plentiful supply of water obtained at a depth of 71 feet, there now being 21 feet of water in the shaft. Th"» roai from the quarry to the Government road has been securely fenced and substantially metalled. A complete set of machinery for sawing and polishing the marble has oeen purchased, and a boiler is now being constructed. The quarry had been opened out, and an inex haustible supply'of marble disclosed, superior in quality to any of the samples previously obtained.' The work of sawing and polishing could consequently be proceeded with imme diately the machinery was erected ; and as there was great demand in the colony for marble mantelpieces, table tops, &c.;, for which the stone in the Company's quarry is eminently adapted, the Directors had every reason to anticipate a sufficiency of orders to keep the machinery in full work. The Marine Board.—This Board ex ceeded three hours in the period of its deliberations on Thursday. The chief sub ject discussed was the proposal respecting a whaif for ocean steamers. Captain Legoe tried an amendment to the effect that the Coalshed Wharf should be let by public tender for the accommodation of large ships and ocean steamers, but it was rejected by the casting-vote. Warden Neill then entered the lists with a third amendment, which he said affirmed a general principle, but enjoyed in other respects a non-committal character. After discussion, it met with so much favour that the motiOD was withdrawn, and it was carried with two dissentients, as follows :— "That the Marine Board recommend that a wharf giving 24 feet at low water and bonded sheds be constructed at the Coalshed Reserve to provide accommodation for large steamers, ana partly for landing rail way and other Government material. Mr. Whinham, M.P., introduced a deputation, which waited upon the Board to elicit a favourable opinion on a reauest that a jetty be constructed at Fort McDonnell, but the Wardens being taken somewhat by supriBe in the matter, promised it a future consideration. Attention was again directed to the urgent necessity of improving the accommodation at the Semaphore jetty for landing passengers. The Eight - Hours System.—Recently fifty-seven dredger hands applied to the Marine Board to grant them the a eight hours system, but after carefully weighing the matter, aided by the light of certain information gained from the other colonies, the Board have resolved that they do not see their way to decrease the hours of labour owing to the urgency of the work, but they will be prepared to consider an application for an increase of wages when the labour market hardens. Sale of Surrendered Selections.—At the third day's sale of surrendered selections, held at the Land Office on Thursday, August 2, none of the reoffered lots were disposed of. All the fresh lots except three were sold to the original owners, at an advance of 6d. per acre on the upset price. Two others re ceived no bid. Public Holiday.—As the 1st of September | falls on Saturday this year, Monday, Septem ber 3, will be proclaimed a Government holi day. Fishing in theTobrens,—One of the most successful anglers on Wednesday on the Torrens was a man named Byrne, who pulled twelve fine specimens of the finny tribe from their watery element between 4 and 6 o'clock in the afternoon. Some of the fish weighed about six ounces. This record has been beaten during the week by an ardent angler, who caught three trout varying from 2} lb. to 12 ox. in weight,-besides landing a plump perch. A Bill of Costs. — At the last Marine .Board meeting attention was drawn to a bill of costs presented for payment, which the Master had considerably reduced. The ac count issued from Messrs Mann & Thornton in reference to the Sonata barge case which amounted originally to £400 2s. 6d., but on taxation the total was brought down to £237 2s. The Board felt that there must be some explanation as to why the charge was made in the first instance, and, invited the solicitors accordingly to furnish it. The Chamber of Manufactures.—The annual meeting of the Chamber of Manu factures was held at tho rooms on Thursday evening, when the nsual report of the opera tions of the Chamber, during the year and the balance-sheet were presented. An in teresting discussion also took place on the advisableness of encouraging local manufac tures to a greater extent than has formerly been customary. Hospital Items.—Three cases were ad mitted into the Adelaide Hospital on the evening of August 1—viz., a youth, aged 19, suffering from fracture of the scapula, from being run over by an empty dray; an old woman, aged 68, with inflammation of the elbow from falling in the street; a boy, aged : 14, with a deep cut on the chin—he does not i know how it occurred. All the cases were I brought in between 5 and 8 p.m., and each patient was helplessly drunk. Tns Earthquake at Ischia.—That some 4.000 human beings have suddenly lost their lives by an earthquake at Ischia, and pro bably a larger number Buffered lasting iujury in person and possessions, is an event that certainly merits notice. We receive the news solemnly, silently, with bowed heads. Over catastrophes such as this man can exercise no control, Nothing can be done to prevent their recur rence. They have taken place from the earliest times of which we have record, and they continue to occur without warning, although with greater frequency on certain spots on the surface of the globe than on others. Millions of human beings have been engulfed by volcanic upheavmgs of the earth in the past, and millions more will be carried away in iike manner in the future. Those who suffer from, or undergo this fate, are obviously not "sinners above all men," any more than were those on whom the Tower of Siloam fell. In no way bare any adeqnate results been obtained by our investigations and reflections on natural eruptions. We are subject to them. That is all we know. " In the midBt of life we are. in death." During the past century over 1,500 lives have been lost in the King dom of UapleB annually by earthquakes; and the Island of Ischia, with its exceedingly fertile soil, healthy climatei and beauti fnl scenery, has been subject to disas trous earthquakes from a date that carries us to a period nearly one thousand years before the beginning of. the Christian era. Of volcanic origin, and abounding in hot springs, which nave been renowned in ancient and modern times for their curative properties, Itchia has been a favourite reBort of invalids from Rome, Naples, and other cities in Italy, and, doubtless, many of those who have recently ended their troubles there have resorted to its shores for the benefit of their health. But that a fact cannot be satisfactorily explained and accounted for is no good reason for ignoring it. Nor ought we to reject it because it is not pleasant and acceptable. There it is. "Let us look straight out; see things, not try to avoid them." No good can possibly come to us by shutting our eyes when we have to face occurrences we can neither foresee, avoid, nor prevent. The inevitable must be met with courage and self-control, if not with cheerfulness, even when it presents itself in the most inscrutable and undesirable form. Earthquakes make a call on the fortitude of man, and that may be offered as some partial explanation of their object so far as ho is directly concerned. "Self-reliance."—The usual monthly meeting of members of the Irish National League was held in St. Xavier'e Hall on Thursday night, the 2nd inst. Dr. Gunson, the President of the League, occupied the uliair, and at the close of the routine business Mr. Pierce Healy delivered a lecture on " Self-reliance." The lecturer dealt with his subject chiefly from a moral standpoint. He said that self-reliance was the fundamental principle of Democracy; it was the hand maid of independence of character in the individual; and as nations were composed of individuals a self-reliant people would ever take the lead in intellectual advancement. Australians were remarkable for self-reliance, and on that account our island continent would in time develop into a mighty Empire. The public offices at the disposal of Go vernments should be the awards of merit, and when such positions were filled by the nominees of wealthy magnates, without other qualifications, a severe blow was given to self-reliance. Mr. Healy concluded by stating that the beantifnl words of Thomas Davis on this subject would apply to and might be taken to heart by any people. They were:— Then flung alone, or hand in hand, In mirthful hour, or spirit solemn; In lowly toiL or high command, In social hall, or charging column; In tempting wealth, end trying woe, Vs c ictatiou: In struggling with a mob's < _ In bearing bach a foreign foe. In training up a troubled nation. Still hold to Truth, abound in Love, Refusing every base compliance— -reliance." Votes of thanks to the lecturer and Chairman I terminated the'proceedings. Rapid Growth of the State of Kansas. —Kansas has made the most rapid growth and development of any State in the Union. [ Admitted but twenty-two years ago, she has §ained a population of nearly 1,000,000, and as taken an advanced position on all ques tions of national importance. The property in the State is valued at £73,817,195. In 1882 it raised more than £4,800,000 worth of wheat, £400,000 worth of rye, £10,409,000 worth of corn, £1,200,000 worth of oats, besideB other farm produce of great value. The increase in value of farm animals in 1882 was £30,363,510. Six hundred thousand pounds are invested in Churches, and more than £800,000 in school property. It is claimed that the State is capable of support ing 10,000,000 of people, which seems a small estimate for the territory it contains. Distressed Immigrants' Fund.—Amount pre viously reported, £12 4s. 6d. P. Waite, £5; J. Hagen, £1; Captain Roach, 10s.; Register Office employes, £1216s. 6d. Total, £31 lis. For " No. 5," total £3. 