TOM S MONIMENT. ' I dreamt last night o settle' at a long table, 'n' I'm jest as satin thet Tom is drownded as I see him to the bottom o' the ocean this minute,' said Mrs. Job Fernald, wiping the tears from ha tan- coloured cheeks with her calico apron. ' Ef ! it didn't starr to reason thet he wax dead, I that sign never fails, n I dew think we oner hev res pec' ernough fox the poor hoy's memory to git him a stun, n put it up in the tot without waitin' no longer.' ' Yes. it's more'n a year now, 'n' the Ssrcy Sally hain't been heard from. I s'pose likely she must ha' bees lost, agreed Cyntfay Ann. the daughter of the house, not without a certain grim enjoyment of the situation. Stuns is dretful expensive, anyhow, but seem ez we hain't beat able to give him any funeral, nor hev the minister, nor to cook up for the mourners, it seems ex ef we'd orter bay a moniment for him. I can't reely see how we kin do less, ex the Peter Bernard got one fax their Charles, to I say to marm, it wont do to let them git ahead of us, poor ex they be. P'raps, Bhody, ez yon to Tsm woe ez good ez promised to one n'other, you'd be willin' to give a little out ov yer school - keepin' money towards gittin the moniment, to' I'm going to put off gfttm married for a while — though Seth is dretfnl put out about it — to' save all my rug money, till, with what marm takes for batter, we shall git enough.' The person addressed, a young woman with a pretty, soisible face, shivered a littk, and shook her head decisively. I don's believe that Tom is dead, said she. 'Oh, dont talk about buying a monument yet. Wait another year, and if yon do not hear from him by that time, these will be reason to — That's jist what pa says,' interrupted Cynthy Ann, ' jist because he don't want to hev it that Tom is drownaed. He seems ter think, somehow, that by hangm off to not even ownin' of it to himself, he Jcen keep it from bein' so. That's a way some faifas hex.' He wuz alwuz jist so headstrong an un reasonable/ sighed Mrs. Fernald, with' ; prolonged use of the calico apron. HA had ! the impodenee to say this very morcin' thet it 'psared ez ef we wanted him dead, for thfl sake cv he via a moniment foe him like Peter's Charles's. But to look at things fair to square, what chance is there that he km be in the land o the livin ? Didn't Seth Smallidge himself go to see the owners of the Sarcy Sally ova ta the Port moreto a month ago, to' they said they hadn't no more idee of ever hearin from rithfT vessel or crew than nothin at all? 4 At that consumed moniment agin, be they, Bhody 1' growled a weather-beaten old man, whose faoa bore a carious resemblance to a wood-carving, appearing suddenly in the doorway. 'Bat you don't listen to 'em, dewy, for you V I knows that our boy ant Vii -feu iinl lbss tlaj Tir ffTT we etotfpft wffaril to git a mammmatfm htm. Aba BBOtMwkepejem m wfM www any ston hatoeeoBr, to d tlwii times ® m£sm9 in toe xea, of what use is a fail? Itcaatteil nobody jes wire ffley be. Soaatoow the folks is Hbi 'neessBy is this family, has got a ssarveBosa caxz for TiintriTTif"!- Brother IfBoriser he made mamion of it when he was to home fire year ago, to senee that the emm has br growin' to grew in. Brea fle wnsa tomlai over to the Harbour poke fan at oa about it. F" Snrith «bowed me a newspaper whoeone on 'em had been a-writin' up the place, and it did sound as ef we wuz csrtoa folks. Tvar every word of it true, too, n vent os to ay that the Harm Point folks for the most part Hved in Itotle watfw- huts that were dretful poor perttetiae fnzm wind to ram, to' wuz a factor er lean- nioaaB to' poverty, eox they're a-rin' up ! money to ixsj themsefras moeimesite to lo ; splendid orer graves when they wuz i aad gone. But fa my pat I last want to go about so holier white I'm livin, : for the — o eatrin a dash when I east anchor. Anyhow, I wouldn't agree to a great Kto&iioent; a loomiu' up cmt o the family i boxyin' ground to overtoppen the old house, 1 iik» a steeple over a smhroem, the way > Peters Charters does. 'Oh, pa! I never thought yon wsz so i awful wnrliily-m mfal before,' groazcd Miss : Cyntfay Atrn, with a look of horror, j Well, I be jest worldly-minded eami to ; stkk to it th I won't live on them tonal ! bony hexrin' till the bones prick through my nor eorrant-lref tea, nor go with my arms a-stiekmg through Tom's old ; clo'es, white you wimmai folks is a-savin' up ; fur that imtohtfry gozt o a memimGst, as it , woe. Sore of us Ti die in earnest soon ' enough, to yoaH have a chance to show ; ail the respect you want to, to hev a stun in : airnsa.' 4 Oh, pa, how you talk so bigoted ? Ain t it awful to hear him, Bhody V — Bhoda smiled, but remained &3a£; and, evidently wishing to hear no mote ouuetiinang the gflfoir, Enddenly remembered that it was i school time, and took a hurried departure. The old »n«.n n-tofpfiti to his net-mending on the sunny side of the wood-ptte as the back door, and toe two women, after a pro longed consultation, finally decided that they would wait for another year before buying thf monument, aa Bhody had suggested. In fact, it would be neceoazy to do so, as toe girl would contribute nothing towards toe fund, and pa was dretful troublesome when he warn't humoured. But as far there being a chance that Tom's wasn't dead, it was all : -nonsense, and 'twas treating him shameful not to Sake a mite o notice iff his death, too. « » Days weeks went on in toe eld monotonous manna at Hazing Point. The gorgeous ranks of Golden-rod and Asters were cut down by the froets, and toe winds swept away the few red leaves which coloured the rides of the sea-looking IdBi to make a clear path fa the frosty march of winter. The sea, so long asleep onda toe summer sunririne, began to show once more the wild fierceness of its nature, and drove home toe boats oi the fishermen, and lashed the rocks angrily through wild nights when only the lamp of toe lighthouse ova on toe Ledge shed a ray of light through toe stormy darkness. Mrs. Fernald, when not «ter»ii»g to ha two cows and her butta making, sat in the chimney comer and knitted bine yarn stockings for the market, and Cyathy Ann, with & zeal thai never tired, white the virion of toe Eptendid tali monument flashed before ha mental gaze, hooked rugs from early in the morning until late into the night. Her hooked rugs were ia demand now, for several maaer boarders had admired and purchased them, and since that time nearly every lady at toe port had been seized with a desire to possess one aa an ornament to her best parlour. Pa divided the time between gos siping with his old sailor eronies at ibe store and curing meditatively by toe fire with his dpc and almanac. No mention was made of toe monument, and the old man drank his store tea in triumph, offering no objections to the currant -leaf beverage with which his wife and daughter saw fit to resale themselves save by an occasional grunt of disapproval No news came of the Sarcy Sad j or toe fate of ha crew, and as toe days crept slowly and drearily toward spring, though pa etiil persisted in his belief that Tom %aa Bring, I ail hope died in Rhode's heart. But as in Herring Point parlance she and Tom had not been really promised to one t'other, hp felt that toe could not gratify Cyn thy Ann's wish, and express ha grief by wearing wrwmg garments, though it would have given ha a sort of dreary satisfaction to be able to do so. She couldn't ha' cared nothin' about him, or she wouldn't wear a bluebunnit to meeting 'n' him dead an' gone, raid toe neighbours with one accord, for toe zeal state of toe case was unknown to them. P'r'aps toe's afeard o acsrin away Joe Collins ef toe should pat ou blsck ; he's alwuz ben a-trying to git ha away from Tom eenoe they wuz boys V girte together; n now Tom's lost, they say htffe attentive to ha ez a bumble- bee is to a marigooL' « But Bhoda was little disturbed by these remarks. Ha heart was very sore q| Tom's loss, but there were cucam&taacaB; con nected with his going away which caused it ta be sorer still. Why had he not spoken his departure, if, as she had every reason to think, he really cared for her, and wished to make ha his wile? Mae than once daring those last days he had seemed on toe point of doing so, and thai hesitated, with a painful' doubt clouding his brow. In troth bg not been quite himself daring his stay on shoe ; aomethiwg aeemed to troubk and vex him, and ha would remain rite&t; feet in thought for ahnosthouxs while they were together. But on toe day of bis departure his face brightened, his »rl when they parted he said, with a gccat deal of meaning in his glance and tone, 'I shall write to you as noon as I reaah Vhody» and mind you answer my letter oca. But the letter never came. Kow the buds woe swelling in the April . fishing-boats woe rocking on toe water ; the women gossiped with each other £n His open doorways ; toe happy young people Iffjfchl forward to those days thtowiSS sad young and oldpeopte remembered davs that were past. The atsafetoe pntntedpic- t At. naif Mature were drying ha met a flu nhdest of hsnSeeedtodh, too SLi BP to the Fernald cottage aad jre anted Oyntoj A"- with n folded envelope, which eootoisiel sB the tittio hoozd <£ money which toe bad saved bam chSdbood, laying ia a tooked voire that rite thought it wu rim, to think about ti mummrnt now. Cvntoy Aim's fore toww faady radiant. 'rtegfed J ro teritended,' faMtoT 'Pa, bete btgofed 'u eoc ae vet but there's so need © reyin anything About it to Mm tell the stun's ojJ bonght c paid ba a' tes&j; to be oot up- oot hev ta do without no worldly roonforta by no n—mff a Uncte Lysamda hex jest mat us a little present o money. It come Jest like PiifW1 by mail when we wax a -talim shout ft f'otoa day, mszm n I, rn" no mamd ft at alt What do ye think ahoos the voie, Bhody? It had orter be eocftftmg solemn V waznin, I s'pose?" Bat Bhoda had already slipped ©at cf the dear. She was in no mood for talkxag to Cyntoy Ann. She had frit assured of Tom s deato for eome hut cocwiiting to the monument eeeued like formaily giving him up, lkg preparing for Ms fw«al. Bat it was all lci3 do for hhn now, and if was fittinfr tost the stone should be raised to Ms memory, thoogb she dreaded the talk ii would oeearion, toe mournfully fartzve which would be enarted in to 4 bnrying-kit.' The day Mrs. Fernald and Cyntfay Ann, accompanied fey Seth Sug»Jfkige,jt brisk littk fitooxBas, who resembled a sand-peep in black clothes, drove ova to the Port, and aha a great deal of bickering and consults. tnl of wafting and doubting, and dr light frTKf |cprp«ina| tfaS puztinse Of ti mcmumezit. Cyntoy Ann carried the money in ti toe of a Sunday atoeking, anoSnazy pocket-book not HAy considered eaSesentfj safe, sad both Mix. Fernald fad Setoaarotsd hy m counting out the Bum required to ffrrp|»te the purcfaass. Well, I guess, Pefia's Chaziese woct look much compared to tins, but Pre dzsappfuted that ft aazntbesesl hoc before to-morrow, said Mrs. Fernald, as they drcTS homeward toward eveuzBg. 1 There ain't nothin like ft in the place, but ps'il grumble about the east. We eha'nt bear the last of it for nobody knows wftre, pa's just so bigoted,' groaned Cynthy Ann, a shadow ekmding her aniling countenance. Early toe next morning the monument, tall, shining, and splendid, was brought ova to the Point, Tom's name and age, and the igrftyhte aad solemn vase from a hymn that the T"""«ter himcTf had " picked out, regraved on its ranfarp, and was dppusifod en toe ground in the little fozuily loti In ti afternoon it wasto be set up with appropriate wmamwiiaL Mrs. Fanald and Qyatiqr Ann were oaf falling jnto raptures ova is, as fstoionahte city wonsem woeld have fallen into raptures ova a newly-imported Paris gown, when pa, nho had been 'aectin' in the store/ came strolling homeward akmg the path which ted to the orchard. As ti stupendous column of white marble met his eye, he stopped dod with wrath and aatnnifhiTieat. Well, <2 this ain't ti set-fizedest piece c' wok I ever heered tell about. Heave me overboard ef 111 stan rich nonsense. Here yonve bin s -buying a stun ez big %' grand as Booker H31 Morureent fouHvin bey, to say nochin o the ridHglwimeas of rich eonearaed pocr folks s-sportin' rich a thing. Et'e vuth more'n the old house 'n the lot o fond sn' ti nets 'n! flyhrn'-boats all hovetogetiwr, nt you've bin 'n spent an Lysarnder's roooer, n Bhodyt too, I II be bound, ef she wuz foci enough fur ta give ft ta yer, poor gal ; ¥ drunk currant- lesf tea with molaseee fur sweetMn, 'n pinched jererivee oc Injun bread wfthout no better, till yere ez lean V ugty ex two witches. Winter's a-eomin bin by. toe, «f tte now, 'a my fish in vasi amount ta much this year. I'm s-gittin too old V stiff ta go out now; folks heat too nraeb human matur' ta be able ta work after they git to be seventy, V Seth BmsUidge fount got no more backbone than a jefiyhk Itl good MA ef we dont all starve ta pay for this. I tell yer Tom mint dead, anther; I know him a good deal betta'n yon wimmen- folks did, that never eared nothin f about him feui ta stuff him with verves ta shew off ta the parson with ; 'n' tef starve ban refer czyin' the hexrin' wuz re good ex roast beef; 'n' I know he ain't toe kind ov a letter to git drownded torn a wrack rer dretful easy ; nor ta give in n cast anchor ashore, TeBstuthin more'n common tackled Men. 4 Oh, pa, hew yon do n Piovadcuce ! sobbed Hiss Fernald. Discountenance Pro verdencecr not, I went hev that toere monfmmt put cp in my lot. I zeokcm, Fm master here wMlo I live, whether or no. When I heave to, Ite hopin that wont be till my hoy ssmra hsnm — with a littte softened qaiva fo Ms wxmthfcri vutee--»ytTl cut np rf ja think it, uv eoczese, but white I hev my senses that three thing wUi he out ov right. Imayewoond or lose oonscientioasneee, but, ef yer set ft op then, 1% hev ft banted down again ea soon ez 1 eon to myself, n aa there's no ore talkinV And so ft proved. The tears and remonstrances of his wile and daughter cniy caused ti old man to he more set hi Ms determination. The solemn advise of tin minister, who was eaSed to ths xesone, was without avaiL 4 Ef tbqy had booght a small, reasonable stun, I woridnt ha made no objection ta their puttin on it up, pazson,ef it wosH! ha grreo tere any satftfsetsoik, though Tore mint drart/ he said; 4 but that naonimea — Lordy ? it would ha' ihsreid tosbnllpfooe! So ti monument was hauled teo the wood- shed, placed prone againet ti wall, and covered with an old rag carpet, instead of towqfog lbs! Wreald and Qynthy Ann had fwdy anticipated, and was re snnenad no man in thc hooschold forakxegtime. Early in ths autizan, Pynthy Ann and Seth Smaliiige woe miried, and Seth eareo, bringing Ms worldly effete vriih him, to dwell in toe Fernald eottage. As ti old man predicted, tire winter proved to be a bard one, and at times food wan scares ft ti hoastooH. Sfeto ' Who mm rnnmm hnOwn to have Mfld gwanffUp ia ware mw wwwrei rerewwoBun rew urerew pyvMreuu look, want eft iotheBanks -en -a. Ashing voyage when the honeymoon was oyer,but returned wi th p frozen fo$, and spent the remainder 6t the winter by the fireside dozing over s pile of ancieqfc. newspapers. Red toward spring, when na was attacked with his annual spell ofrheumatics and fortune seemed darker than ever, another gift of money came from Lysander. 4 S'priaiu' that Lyearnder should be so lib'ral, fur ef he is rollin in riches, he's got a family of his own to look after, 'n' he's only half-brother to me, nuther, 'n' used tor J be mo'rately tight till a spell ago. Strange 1 he don't write nothin' when he sends the I money, too. The fust time he sent any he kinder hinted that we'dorter be obleeged ter him in two hull pages. It seems now ez ef it can frum the Lord, ef I am a miserable sinner, 'n' don't make no gret effort to keep ; dear o' Satan. But theLord knows I'm ' thankful, anyhow,' said the old man from hig eiok bed. Time rolled on in much the same fashion at Herring Point. Three more tempestuous winters beat about the little hamlet, froze the sea spray on tha window panes, drove wrecks against the shore, and pinohed and desolated the homes of the poor. Four still, fair summers stirred the sleepy scents of the pine woods, ripened the berries on the hills, opened the brilliant flowers in the salt marshes, and bronzed the cheeks of the | fisher- folk with its hot glad sunshine. Life j seemed prosperous and peaceful at this gracious season. Seth Smallidge was still unlucky, hut pa, in spite of his human naturV his seventy- four years, and his spell o rheumatics,' continued to he hale and hearty enough not only to enjoy hie fishing trips, but to make them successful, and Lysander still . sent his yearly contribution of money, so, thongh there were two other months - to feed under the Fernald roof, there was nothing like want in the family again. Store tea bubbled fragrantly over the fire, and them pesky bony herrin' ' were not always the chief of the family diet, greatly to the old man'e satisfaction. During all this time nothing had been heard from Tom. The men who sat in the store lowered their voices when they spoke of the Sarcy Sally, and were never tired of con jecturing how she came to her fate. But tha mnnnmont still renncted in the fieclnsion of the wood-shed under its cover of rag carpet. I Even Cyntby Ann had so far forgotten its I glory as to make it a resting-place for her I wash-tubs, and Cynthy Ann's daughter, a I ehubby little maid of three, fonnd no snch I fascinating seat for herself or her family of I rag-babies. Pa was as obstinate as ever in I his determination not to have it set up in the I buryiug-lot, and had even forbidden the I mention of the ' consarned thing' in his | hearing. # I Bat late in fourth summer the old I man was seized with a severe illness, from whioh he was not expected to recover. Cynthy Ann put aside her rug rags, and nursed him patiently by day and night. Mrs. Fernald sat with her head quite envelop&d; in her aprpn, and whenever a neighbour "entered the 1 house would remove it lor an instant and burst into tears, exclaiming : Pa wuz dxetful bigoted abont thet there moniment — fiercely wuz; 'n' now I'm afeared he won't never git well, for he takes water- grnel jest ez meek ez a lamb, 'n' he wonldn't never look at it before ef he starved ter death. Thet's an awfnl bad sign— it realy is.' Tint Mntnirv to all Axnaetatiflnfl. he snd- WW— ' — — f — WW— w- — I denly began to mend, and before the Indian | summer had smoked itself away, he sat up in I hiB easy-chair by the window. Still, the old I man was not qnite like himself. He seemed I strangely softened by his illneBS, and was so j meek and gentle in his demeanonr that the I family gazed upon him in astonishment. j Marm, Cynthy Ann,' he said, one bright I morning when he was able to walk as far as I the shore, 'I'm a-fe&red; I hev been a set-fired I bigoted old man, ez you've always ben | a-sayin', but seem ez tha Lord hez spared j my life — fur which I'm truly thankful, though 1 net bein' afeared o' death, fur I hain't got tired o' livin yit, ef I be old, 'n' hain't quite outlived my usefulness, maybe — I'm agora ter take a new taek, 'n', He helpin' me, in the right way. Now, abont thet there znoniment. 1 thought, when I wuz a-layiu' there sick, that p'r'ape I hadn't done quite the square thing along ov it, j 'n' I guess you'd .better git it sot up now, ' 'n' invite the neighbours 'p5 the parson, 'n' hev ez good a time ez ye ken. I hain't cometer say ez howl 'proveovthe moniment no more 'n ever, nor like the notion ovitatowerin'overthis little eabin ov ourn, like a lighthonseovera clamshell, but ef you'll find satisfaction in it, I'm more'n willin' 't yer should be gratified. It don't seem likely t the boy'll ever come back' — with a hoarse, choked voice — ' but somehow I ken't seem ter feel thet he waz drownded. Now after brother Sarmwel wuz lost, though we didn't know nothin' fur certain, every time the wind rose at night She kep' a-saying', ez plain ez ken be, 4< He's gone 1 he's gone I" The craves kep' repeatin' the same words too, 'n' ef that consarned bell-unoy aian s keep me awake mgntswun its everlastin' tollin: 'n' knellin', fur it seemed edzactly ez ef 'twas a-sayin', " He's here under the water ! he's here 1" ' Marm and Cynthy Ann were both moved to tears when the monument was mentioned, though, to tell the truth, the prospect of ( beving it sot up' was not as delightful as it would have been once. They had become UEed to being out-done by Peter's Charles's ; and then monuments had become lees fashionable at Herring Point, a. taste for drees and house decoration having been excited by the summer boarders. Still, it was J a great satisfaction, and jn the course of j preparation for the important event Cynthy 1 Ann recovered something of her .old j enthusiasm. Mrs. Fernald dreamed again of the long table that night, and declared in the morning that she believed ' it-meant suthin more'n common this time, fur the dream didn't run the way it commonly did by a gret deal.' Two days later, one golden bright after noon, quite a crowd was assembled around the little burying-lot in the orchard. Mrs. Fernald and Cynthy Ann had donned mourning appearance. Pa wore a look of humble expostulation on his vener&b; countenance Rhoda, simply Tbita, «tood eomewhat tbe poap> i . ' ' Andanswered as briefly as possible the ! neighbourly greetings whioh were showered I upon net. But all the other women were in 1 8ay holidaj attire, and chatted with J unrestrained cheeifainees until the service began. .Rosy apples dropped from the! boughs -overhead, asters and golden-rod I nodded gaily beside the wall, the waves 1 splashed merrily against the rooks below, j Home gulls flew overhead, and broke into a 1 sort of hoarse laughter, as if amused by the j appearance of the monument,- which towered j high and glittered bo grandly in the sun- I I shine. But when the minister commenced to pray in his chill, formal tone, a change' was felt in the atmosphere. Even the sunshine seemed to lose its warmth. Many of the women sobbed, remembering their own old sorrows, it may be, and two great tears stole I into Rhoda's eyes, and remained nndried ! I upon her cheek. Then they commenced to i j wail a dismal fnneral hymn, but faltered in j dismay as a broad-shouldered, bronzed young j man leaped over the orchard wail, gave a I quick, amazed look at the monument end then darted forward into their midst, seizing Rhoda in bis arms, . and kissing her repeatedly. ' Couldn't help it, Rhody, seem' those tears on your cheeks, and considerin' ! the occ&ahun;,' he exclaimed, as she stared ! at him rather wildly. It isn't often that a ' man comes ter life at his own funeral.' I Tom Fernald 1' 4 Why, Tom Fernald !' I 4 How onairth I' 'What blowed you here?' I Where'd you come frum V 4 'T can't be your j ghost, ken it?' — were exclamations heard j from_ evety quarter. 1 1 declare ! got here j jest in season to see his moniment sot np !' j said one jolly sailor. I Ana then it was noticed that pa had grown I very white, and was holding on to the wall I -for support ; and Cynthy Ann, after making 1 a great effort to greet her brother 'in a suit- J able manner, fell back, and, as the family I were wont to express it, ' lost consoientious- | ness.' I ' I fillers knowed ez how you hadn't east I anchor, Tom,' said the old man, recojering J himself almost immediately, "n' now here I yer be, 'n' here I be, seein' the Lord presarved I me to see ye.' 1 Marm, for the lack of an apron, removed j her shawl from her shoulders and completely I oovered her head therewith. 1 ' F.f vnn titt.in'1: Viin flofti) Titm whm Vtotr yer been ?' she inquired, faintly, from its r depths, after a little interval. Tom, who was stationed between pa and I Rhody, holding a hand of either, turned to I her with a disturbed conntenance. Where I I hadn't orter have been — in Australia with I Uncle Lysander. It was all owin' to that j pesky Joe Collins. Ton see, before I I went away folks were a-sayin' that I he had stolen Rhoda away from me I i —he as good as told me himself that it was I so — 'n' 1 thought she seemed kinder strange | 'n' distant. Bat I wast oo big a coward to I say anything to her about it; I thought I j couldn't bear it if she should tell me she | liked him. But I wrote to her from Boston, j where we were loading the vessel, and told I I her if she didn't care enough for me to marry 1 me when I got home, she needn't answer right 1 away. We stayed at the wharf two weeks j after that, but I didn't hear a word from her, | and when the Sarcy Sally sailed I felt as if I I'd rather be drownded than not. Life didn't seem wuth living.' - 1 I ' Oh, Tom, I never got your letter,' Bobbed | Rhoda. I ' Most likely that scoundrel Joe Collins I cot holt ov it. Fm a-coin ter hev a little in- terview with him when I ken ketch him — well j he ain't here ter-day ! Bat the vessel 1 did git wracked 'n' everything was a-goin' to I the bottom, I thought 'twonld be worth the I while to save myself, after all ; 'n' Joe Griffin 1 — one. of the crew — 'n' I clang holt ov some I spars till we was picked up by a brig bound I fur Californy. From thence I thought I'd go j to Australia 'n hunt up Uncle Lysander 1 1 couldn't come home as things stood, for I couldn't ,ha' borne to see Joe 'n' Rhody together, so I reckoned yon might as well, all | think I was dead — fur a spell, at least— I warn't much better 'n that at the time. Unole Lysander agreed to keep dark, though, he said, he didn't believe in such nonsense, and, I tell yon, the old man gave me & good chance. I've picked np quite a little pile of cash in j these few years. You've got the money I sent yon every winter all right, hevn't you?' 'Shot So Lysarnder warn't so set -fired lib'ral, after all !' said pa, wiping his eyes with his coat sleeve. ' But I was beginnin' to gain a little more I courage, n' to think I might be able to go I home 'n' see the folks before long, when Sam Smiley—the feller that used to work over to j Squire White's — made his appearance at the diggin's one day, 'n' said he'd been over to Herrin' Point only the week before he sailed j last spring, 4nd when I heard from him | that Rhody warn't married at all, nor goin' I with any one, 'n' never had had anything I partickler to say to Joe Collins sence I'd I been gone, I didn't wait overnight before I packed up my duds 'n' got ready to start for | Ameriky.' j I said ez how my dream about the long I tabic wuz diff'rent from common. You see I it meant a weddin' this time,' quavered marm, I speedily unveiling herself, j 4 Yes? agreed pa, brightly, 4 so it did ; an' I Cynthy Ann, even you can't keer nothin' fur I that consarned old moniment new. Let's I haul it down 'n' kiver it np agin', 'n' ef the I parson don't object, torn the aolumn delights 1 of this occashun into a bit ov a frolic.' — Harpers Monthly . J 