OPVjG OF --TH--NEW CATBOLIC ORURCH. " e solemn ceremony of opening St. ~ ,r Church was performed on Sunday, 'ce Archbishop Goold, of Melbourne, Sting.ce The large and beautiful building ? rowded, and great interest was mani. fc in the proceedings. High Mass SmArchipiscopo" (in the presence of Arhbishop) was celebrated at eleven le by the KIight Reverend Monsignor Rev, . nI elan officiating as deacon; ge'Campion as sub-deacon; and Rev. 'e lunas aster of Ceremonies. )fore Mas the choir sung "Come, Let Sdore." Hadyn's Imperial Mass was ai sang, the principal solo parts being r'sjed by Miss Murphy (soprano), Mrs. S.i_, (alto), r. S. Wrigley (tenor)) and r. Lke (basso); all of whom belong to Shoir of St. atric s Cathedral,. Balla. SAt the offertory Miss Josephine Li. ng the " Clamavi ad te." At the tio Linarelli's " Laudate " was sung l" r Wrngley and chorus. A, repers the ordinary Gregorian Chants t su by the choir; Mrs. Furlong sang ltis "n Salve Regina." At the collec. Cureshmian's "Ti Prego" (trio) was ok by Mrs. Furlong, liss O'Brien, and nr.s Wrigley At the Benediction Miss .l'iag, of St. Mary's choir, Geelong, sang ll Sa trins " by Mercadante, and Mr. g Gillespie's "Tantum Ergo." Mr. Wrigey acted as conductor, and Mr. J. yrl0g as organist, both of St. Patrick's bir, Ballarat. The choir of the local surch also assisted. . \- o Very .everees r.. L ,.aiB; , O.J., rched the sermon, taking for his text the Me :." Mary said, My Soul doth mag i the Lord, and my spirit bath exulted i God my Saviour.-St. Luke 1st Chap r The reverend speaker prefaced his ,asrks by referring to the very beautiful ?diiagi they had assembled in that day, nd .aid that its creator fulfilled the pro betic words regarding the spreading power ,dinfloence of the Church. The Church Spreading its branches throughout the n? year by year, and ultimately its power fr good would be felt all over the world. It(a not many years ago there were very w churches in the colony, but now every Iaoship of any importance had its temple ddicated to the worship of God. The build io they had assembled in was erected to thohonor and glory of Mary Immaculate, and erected under invocation. She pro. pbied that future generations would call ter blessed, and that prophecy had tben fulfilled. That substantial build il proclaimed the Catholic faith in Her, i, devotion to Her, and its confidence n Her. The voice proclaiming Mary blessed as heard first in Rome, then it spread to lal, to Spain, and to Africa. With her ,me glorious privileges extended, and it ,r not long until the same blessed name eached England, Scotland, and Ireland, and pread eastward beyond the Holy Land. .er name is referred to as blessed in the ,aiest ages, and records of it have been rnd amongst the most ancient relics. lername now in the great southern land ai worshipped the same as in their native ads. They invoked the Holy Virgin, their prayers were answered, and they had reason obethanlful forthegreat privileges conferred upon them from time to time by the Almighty. Everywhere throughout the length and breadth of the colony the Church was mak eg its way, and no better proof could be forded of the fact than the building they dl assembled in to worship that day. They would have to continue in their good word until the end of time, and endeavor, sar as lay in their power, to realise the prephetic words of the Holy Ghost. Faith nd devotion were deep- seated in all true hristians, and the Catlolic mind was en ightened by faith. They trusted in the Virgin Mary to make intercession for them or their manifold sins upon earth, and al hough they prayed to and supplicated God hrough the mother of Jesus, they relied upon heGreat Creator to assist them in all their .nots and wishes. The present work was ndertaken for the worship and Glory of Her, and of Her Son, Jesus Christ. 'he The building was primarily erected to the Holy Trinity, and they had to praise Him he Giver of all things for his great kindness o them. To Him they prayed for every thing, btii tui uattounac prayets u.tougn ien most Holy, the most immaculate, the Holy Virgin. From the Scriptures they were enabled to iorm a true estimate of the character and life of Mary. There were three things especially worthy of admiration in her character, namely, sanctity, dignity, and power. Her sanctity was only inferior to thatofGo alone; her dignity was greater than that conferred upon any other creature ; and her power was only inferior to that possessed by God alone and it came direct from Him, tho created her. Her power came direct from Him, and her power and sanctity was .inly exceeded by the Great Creator and p:*eserver of all things. After the fall of our first parents in the Garden of Eden God looked far into futurity, and said in His nmid that all succeeding 'generations would be branded with the taint of sin, and that it would be transmitted to prosterity through these two culprits. Through her they aled upon God the Most High to redeem them, and hence it.was that she has been throughout a most favored woman. As a child of Adam she would inherit that isin which would descend to all posterity, but God ordained it otherwise. God was of infinite sanctity, and in His providence!He tuled that she should incur no sin. Upon the cross on Maunt Calvery He suffered hnd blotted out the sin-of all mankind. He be crne her redeemer, and the redeemer of all mankind. Mary was so favoredand privileged to an extent no creature was ever previously, ead a a child of Adam she was prone to sin. Her son Jesus Christ was the eternal son of od, and he was the second person in the Trinity. The mystery of the incarnation was flfilled, and the result was as they well knew. The life of Mary from beginiing to end was spotless, sinless, and immaculate. She was exalted above all the angels and archangels, and to her they prayed for npplication through Jesus Christ. Pri marily they honored Jesus and not Mary. lary they honored for the great privileges aheconferredupon mankind. Forthe purity of her life she was exalted above all others, and was inferior only to the Holy Trinity. By the carnation she became the mother of G;od, and of her He derived His flesh and blood, and the soul that possessed that body was created by God. He who is born of her is therefore both God and man in one person. The message of the arch-angel to Mary was, " Thou shalt conceive and bring forth a son," and that son was Jesus Christ, who suffered on the cross that sinners might be saved. He was worthy of adoration; apart from his purity and goodness he was the son of God. The story of the sufferings of our Lord upon the cross at Mount Calvary were referred to in a most pathetic way. The reverend speaker then pointed out that it was congruous that Mary should be exalted above all otherainthenoblebandofangels that surrounds the throne of God by her divine maternity. God wills it that we should a~sist each other, and he tells us that we are all bound together in the bonds of charity. St. Paul lbeseeched the Romans to pray for him, and if the soul be pure and filled with grace the prayer will bear good fruit. Though Jesus Christ prayer was acceptable to God. The, Catholic Church had con iillenceiu the Holy Virgin, and through her tley supplicatid God. Jesus, although bask ing for ever in glory, does not forget the 'wary pilgrims upon this caith, and they should pray for strength to overcome the iany sins and temptations which beset their daily path. Catholics invoke Mary, for God has grantedl her the power of interecs """i, aid the Scripture says, "ask and ye shall receive." TL'i very name of Mary i: s?uggestive of ecvrythinit good and pure. In her all the divine attlm bute: are manifested. (Cod is the creator, tile infinite one ; all others finite. It is in honor of Mary that that Churph was erected. They placed tlcit hoPea'and confidence in Jesus and in His immaculate mother;-and -their blessing as 'invoked for the Church and for.those ivho"haiiv taken part ii its erection. The building was .worthy of the large congre gregation, and he trusted they would con tinue to proper and increase in glory of the Moht Hily Trinity. SAt the conclusion of the sermon, which was most attentively listened to, the Rev. M. -elan, pastor of the Church, stepped forward and presented His Grace Archbishop Goold, of Melbourne; with an address of welcome, which was read ao follows: " MOST REV. LORD, " It is with unfeigned pleasure we behold your venerable presence, to- day, amongst us. " As the first Bishop of Victoria we, your children of former years, give you an Irish welcome to Colac ; and we feel a pride and a satisfaction in seeing your Grace still so hale and hearty. "One of your Grace's suffragan Bishops (the Right Rev, Michael O'Connor), onu own beloved pastor, has hut too soon been taken from us to his reward ; but if anything human can console, at least the reader oi these lines in our common bereavement, it is the satisfaction he individually feels in thus addressing the kind and indulgent pre late, who, nearly 20 years ago, appointed him to the charge of the district of Colas." His Grace the Archbishop appeared very much moved, and for several moments was not able to speak. After a short pause, he said that it was with very great satisfaction he received this unexpected address from the rev. pastor and Catholics of the district. The building of the Church was only an other proof of the indefatigable zeal and energy of that pastor whom he had confided a first charge of a parish over 19 years ago. After service was concluded, an adjourn ment was made to the schoolroom close by where a sumptuous repast was laid out to satisfy the appetites of all who wished to avail themselves of the Rev. M. Nelan's bounty. Everything the most delicate ap petite could desire was presented, and the poultry was carved before being placed on the tables, which prevented inconvenience and saved time. The supply of everything was most abundant, and the fair attendants succeeded admirably in supplying the wants of visitors. The luncheon, especially to those who journeyed so many miles to he present at the opening ceremony, was much appreciated, and many complimentary re marks were made concerning Father Nelan's thoughtfulness in vroviding it. No effort was spared to make visitors welcome, and they expressed themselves in the highest praise of the manner in which everything was carried out. in the evening the Very Reverend Dr. Cahill again preached taking for his text " I am with you even unto the end of the world."-St. Mathew 28 chapter, 20 verse. 3ur Lord Jesus had a two-fold presence, and to Him they had to look for life; In the . Churoh there was no winter, because of the eternal presence of Christ, and the Church being built on a foundation of rock, the gates if hell could not prevailagainst it. Looking back at the time when the seed was first ;own they could realise the rapid progress nade by the Church throughout the world. They felt the supreme presence of Christ at the opening ceremony of the church. In lonor of Him and to the praise and worship of the Holy Trinity that church had been erected. Nothing was too great to offer in sacrifice to Him who gave hem being. "The earth is the Lord's and the fullness thereof," and Jesus, who is the son of the Immaculate Vergin, was ieserving of more than they had to offer him. ie taught in the simplest manner the great truths which preserved the brotherhood of man, and his meek and lowly disposition vas a pattern they might observe with benefit. His power could not be exceeded!, as was instanced in the miracle he performed >y feeding so many thousands of people rom the five loaves and two fishes. That great miracle was only accomplished by the iivine blessing of Good. Now He offered hem spiritual bread which was free to all who would seek and ask. He sacrificed his own flesh and blood that others might be reed from the yoke of sin, and unless they partook of the flesh of the Son of God :hey shall be excluded from life eternal. The wonderful works of the Creator should always be their admiration. The seed cast nto the ground, germinates, and brings orth a plant which grows to a tree. The >ark, dap, blossom, and fruit, springs forth at His command. The sun illumines the earth and gives them light, and the season; come and go at regular intervals, all pointing o the glorious work of an Almighty hand. He invites them to partake of His goodnes' because He loves them. He invites them to partake of His flesh and blood spiritually, for unless they do they will not be able to -nter into the kingdom of Heaven. That threat or warning comes from His love. He asks them in all tenderness to draw near to him and be saved. His own life is so pure and holy, and that they should seek to draw near to him every day throughout the year, and not once a week or once a month. Come regularly to the altar and eat of the bread of life, and drink the blood of life, for upon that depends their salvation. It be came them to practise humility, and true humility trembled at its own unworthiness. The Church was erected for all true wor shippers, where would be dispensed His grace and love. Let them not be afraid to approach the altar, and acknowledge their sinfulness, for it was through that channel, and that channel only, they would receive eterral li'e. Sir Arthur Blyth, the Agent.General for South Australia, intends to visit Marseilles shortly, for the purpose of organising a scheme for the emigration of laborers from that portion of France to South Australia by the Messageries Maritimes Company's steamers. Mr. J. Harris, M.L.A., Mayor of Sydney, is being sued by Mr. J. Davis, C.M.G., for slander, £20,000 being claimed as damages. At Wellington (N.Z.), John Davidson has been tried and found guilty of the man. slaughter of Denis Quinlivan, whose headless body was found near Lyell. He was sen tenced to imprisonment for life, the judge remarking that the evidence fully justified a verdict of wilful murder. A woman named Jane Willey was found dying outside a hotel at Macedon on the night of the 16th inst., and suspicion of foul play on the part of her husband arose, as he was drinking in the hotel at the time, and had had an altercation with her just pro. viously. An enquiry was commenced on Thursday, and adjourned until the 27th inst. T?IE PEOP'LE WA- PROOF.- There is no medicine prescribed by physicians, or sold by Druggists, that carries such evidence of its success and superior virtue as BOSCIEE-' GERIsAN SYtua for severe Coughs, Colds settled on the breast, Consumption, or any disease of the Throat and Lungs. A proof of that fact is that any person ,fllicted can get a Sample bottle for 9d. and try its uperior effect before buying the regular size at 4s. 6d. It has lately been introduced in this country from Germany, and its won-I derful cures are astonishing everyone that uses it. Three does will relieve any case. Try it. All Chemists and storekeepers. Wholesale by Iocke, Tompsitt and Co. Melbourne HoLLOWAY's OINTMENT AND PL.S. Coughs, Influenza.-The soothing properties of these medicaments render them well worthy of trial in all diseases of the respira tory organ.L In common colds and influenza the pills, taken internally, and the Ointment rubbed over the chest and throat, are exceed inly efficacious. When influenza is epi demic this treatment is tie easiest, safest and surest. Holloway's Pills purify the blood remove all obstacles to its free circu lation through the lungs, relieve the over gorged oi& tubes,iand render resipiration free, ~it out reducing the strqeugtlh, irritating the serves, or depressing the spliritH?i schl are the really neans of saving suffering whleln anyone ires a lited with cold, co(ulgls, brou elliLly, anl1 otlhere chelt collpil.its, by chi' s Lly prsons are seriously land near n enly a ted in most countries. 