BRITISH AND FOREIGN ITEMS. Few poets die rich, but it appears that Mr. Longfellow leaves £80,000. Jenny Lind has one son, an officer in the British army, and two daughters who are happily married. The Russian gold mines last year produced £7,300,000 worth of the precious ore. Manitoba's aggregate number cut last winter was 78,600,000ft. It now Rolls for 25dol. por 6000ft,, the same quality having sold last year for 12dwt. per 1,000ft. The estimated population of Ireland at the middle of the year 1882 was 5,007,730. During that year 89,136 persons emigrated from Ireland. In order to further the progress' of electric lighting in Germany, In Government have ordered that the Edison and Swann lamps (shall be admitted on payment of nominal import duties. It is expected that the journey from Paris to Constantinople will soon be made in 75 hours. A through train, with 42 beds, now runs twice a week. Professor Palmer! announces the discovery in the lava of, Vesuvius, the substance giving the spectrum line of " helium an element hitherto recognised in the sun. Efforts will probably be irr car to isolate it. With a population of nearly 5,000,000, and with over 700,000 houses, London finds that an allowance of two policemen to every 1,000 inhabitants, or 14 to every 1,000 houses, £3 sufficient to maintain law and order. A variety theatre in America has introduced a new effect. The female minstrels who for in such an important part of the entertainments at those theatre, are seen, when the curtain rises, sitting, one and all, on swings, in regular rows or platoons, one above the other, and all swinging latterly in unison. In the last session of the Canadian Parliament an Act was passed, admitting to free postage all newspapers and periodicals despatched from the office of publication. The produce of the petrol duties upon food and drink brought through the barrier gates for consumption in Paris has exhibited a remarkable falling off. The total for the first seven months of the present year is slightly over 800 millions of francs, or less by 3 4'<1,955 francs than the amount received in the corresponding period of last year. The death is announced from New York of Dr. John Allen, who was the first to render medical aid to President Lincoln at the time of his assassination. He died at the age of 82. The Grand Cordon of the Russian Orders of St. Alexander Non ski and the White Eagle have been conferred upon Said Pasha and Aarifi Pasha. Russian cruisers are being equipped at Odessa for tho purpose of being employed in transporting considerable reinforcements to Vladivostock, which in the event of war is regarded as insufficiently defended. .(."M.H.F." formerly Mrs. Burnham, the well-known correspondent does not like Mrs. Langtry. To evidence what one woman can say about another, we quote the following from her last New York letter : " Mrs. Langtry is a most remarkable woman. On a fine complexion, a good head of hair, a gash of a mouth, large wholoBomo teeth, a bust as flat a Boston cracker, very ugly arms, abnormally big hands and feet, absurdly slender and hubby kneed legB, a very shamble of a walk, a violently consorted waist, she has established a reputation for beauty almost divine. " An amusing incident is reported to have occurred whilst Sara Bernhardt was playing Fedora in Sweden. The house was crowded, and the poison scene called forth tumultuous applause on all sides. Before these signs of approval had died away, people were astonished by hearing roars of laughter proceeding from the gallery. Indignant eyes were raised aloft, and two one-armed men were soon standing up amongst the " gods," vigorously bringing their unique members together to assist the general applause The most extraordinary of all the accompaniments of the Irving tour in America, is vouched for by Mr, Irving himself. He says that a clergyman has offered to accompany the Lyceum troupe across the Atlantic in the capacity of " honorary chaplain." ' Mr. Sims Reeves, after quite a series of " farewell appearances" has dropped this very unjustifiable mask. The great tenor is about to commence an ordinary tour, and if his health lasts there is no doubt that he will be before the public yet for a long time to come. On hearing of the death of General Tom Thumb, Mr. Barnum despatched the following telegram to his widow spear Lavinia Yourself and family have my warmest sympathies. Death is as much a fit of the Divine plan as birth. The Heavenly Father finally overcomes all over with good, His will be done !" Anent this, a London paper remarks that Mr. Barnum does not appear at all anxious to live down his areas of " The Prince of Humbugs." The United States Government has just purchased the property of Wakefield, Westmoreland County, Virginia, where George Washington was born. It is about 35 miles from Washington city, is 320 acres in extent, and is a portion of the property owned by Washington's grandfather. Congress has also voted 33 600dol. to erect a monument on the spot where Washington was born. . The Princess Louise and Lord Loma have obtained splendid salmon fishing during during their visit to New Brunswick, and on the Caicapedia River they captured an immense number of fish. The Princes landed six large salmon to her own rod in one afternoon, one of them weing over 30lbs, and Lord Lorne killed fish up to 45s. The Princess dispatched three of her finest fish to the Queen at Osborne, securely packed in ice, and some Lord Lorne's found their way to the Duke of Argyll's villa at Kensington. The French Republic has instituted a new order of Knights of Agricultural Met it, and the first batch is gazetted. Fifteen green ribands have been bestowed. ' There recipients comprise a nurseryman, a veterinary surgeon, a colonial sugar planter, a poultry breeder, two agricultural teachers, and nine prize winners at shows. The first year's nominations are not to exceed 200, but there are 1,500 candidates When a Knight of the Garter dies it is the custom for his successor or representative to deliver up his insignia to the Queen at an audience which is specially granted for the purpose, while his State robes are sent to the Dean of Windsor, who takes them as his perquisite as the Registrar of the Order. We hear that the Queen has intimated that she will not S grant an audience to the present Duke of Marlborough, and that Her Majesty has decreed that the late duke's insignia may be sent to the Lord Chamberlain. The Society of Friends in England has just repealed the prohibition of the marriage of first cousins which has been in force with that body for nearly 200 years. The latest addition to the Zoological collection of the Jardin d'Acclimatation of Paris is an " entire tribe of Kalmucks from the Caspian, consisting of 9 men, 8 women, 4 children, 18 camels, 16 mares, and 10 sheep." The prospects of electric lighting (ob- serves the Pall Mall Gazette) seem to be more gloomy than ever. The Hammond Electric Light Co. has made a call of £2 10s. per share, which, when paid, will brace in the hands of the directors the last instalment of the authorised capital. ' so far the Hammond Co. has not earned a farthing for its unfortunate shareholders, and the prospect of its dMng so on the lowly called-up capital is at present sufficiently remote. Messrs. Cassell and Co. are about to undertake the task of providing a popular penny weekly moga zinc, under the title of Cassell's Saturday Journal There is some thought of holding an International, Maritime, Colonial, utidIn- dustrial Exhibition at Antwerp, in 1885. The project is to be carried out entirely by private enterprise. The old cemeteries of London are gradually being converted into public grounds, and many a resting place for the cloud has now become a place of recreation for the living. The history diamond to the Koh-i-noor, called the Dayrich-i-noor, or " sea of light," the other being the "mountain of light," belongs to the Shah of Persia, having been taken, at the cost of a campaign, by Aga Mohammed Khan, the founder of the dynasty now reigning in Teheran. . j M. Paul Bert not long ago entertained a party of friends with crocodile stocks, and Dr. llorínes, director of the aquarium at Berlin, toasted his'cou/Vcrcs on the eggs of a snake, a huge python, recently received from India. One-Man, the imported midget in But num's circus, is only 28in. high, weighs, 22 lb., and is paid a salary of £30 a week, while Colonel Goshen, the native-born American giant is 7ft. 4in. tall, weighs 4831b., an! Ib paid a beggarly pitt and 3 of £15. There are over 151,000 Catholic Indians in the United States. The Scientific American says statistics of production show a constant and marked decline in gold, although the field is largely extended, and mining is more thoroughly prosecuted than ever before. A young woman who attended Professor Huxley's recent course of lectures on biology, at South Kensington, has passed through the consequent examination, boating all her 250 male competitors. She had great difficulty in getting permission to attend them, The system of savings banks is losing ground in France. The public have discovered that the State does not guarantee their deposits against defaulting cashiers and other accidents. Whampoa, Changchow, Woosung, and Foochow are the names of the new steamers of the China Navigation Company, to trade between China and Aub trains. i lie Smoke Abatement institution is a London notion. It was recently stated, at a meeting of the same, by the Duke of Westminster, that is was an admitted fact that a sum amounting to no less than £1,000,000 was annually lost in London alone in the shape of unconsumed fuel, which escaped in the form of smoke, and that damage was caused to property to the amount of fully £2,0.0,000. Two thousand Chinamen died during the past year in the neighbourhood of Victoria, British Columbia, from the effects of sudden change of diet, exposure, and accident. While English farmers are congratulating themselves on the fine weather that has enabled them to secure their grain crops in better condition than they have done for many years past, the spread of cattle disease comes to dash their hopes. 'I they have been severely tried for several years now, and are hardly in a condition to bear heavy losses through the destruction of cattle If the disease con- times to extend it will neutralise to a considerable extent the benefits to trade that were expected from the fine harvest weather. The lately-born Infante of Spain, Mary Ysabel, Bleeps, wakes, and cries in a cradle shaped like a couch shell, and lined with the palest of pink satin. Her tiny form is covered with point d'Alencon lace, specially made from a pattern designed by the Queen of Spain's mother, in which the arms of Spain and Austria are gracefully slender. She has a centrepiece and tiny pillow, on both of which the lilies of the House of Bourbon and the Y of her pretty name, Ysabel, are laced and interlaced. A trial of mining with compressed lime was recently made at the Eureka Colliery of Messrs. Berwind, White, and Co., Houizdale, Pennsylvania, with the following results. While those present at the cost were well pleased with what was done, they all agreed that the Clearfield coal is too soft and spongy for the successful use of it. The first trial was made in undermined coal. The steam broke through to the roof and escaped, spending its force before doing the work. The second trial was made in undermined coal sheared at one end. This was more successful, and gave a fair idea of what might be done in harder coal. It was generally conceded that compressed lime is a good substitute for powder in blasting coal, and will, no doubt, soon be introduced in many of the collieries of the United States. At the same time, the process, as the experiment clearly showed, is not adapted for soft coal. Miss Helen Taylor has been appointed chairman of the London School Board. Miss Taylor is the first lady member to occupy the post of chairman of the Stand- ing Committee. Her views are pre- marily, in favour of applying all endow- ments to, as nearly as practicable, meet the, views of the founders in spite of the changes wrought by time and to thwart the modern tendency to apply to scholarships and exhibitions for the middle classes the dinners which were left to give free education for the poor Miss Taylor condemns the diversion of charities from the poor to the middle classes, and argues that the Elementary Education Acts ought not to be treated as though intended to levy a rate on the public to educate the poor, while the patrimony of the latter is taken to support the middle and upper classes. A batch of 25 Socialists and Revolu- tions has just been sent off from St. Petersburg, by the Moscow Railway, to their different destinations in Siberia. They were nearly all well-known revolts tionary characters, who figured in the two last political trials. As usual, they were all chained together, in couples, like wild beasts ; the women by the wrist and the men by ankle and wrist, and surrounded by a bristling array of drawn sabres; Their treatment, however, on the whole seems to have been rather more humane than is usual in such cases. Each was allowed to see his other friends before departure, and to pair off with any chosen companion. The prisoner Pribniloff chose to be chained to his wife, who was one of the party. Each was allowed to carry about 50lb. of baggage and various sums of money, collected by friends and non- political sympathisers, to keep the hair long, and to ride to the railway station. The authorities now being in a softer mood, The Times correspondent says, their object appears to be to remove these offenders out of harm's way, rather than to give them any unnecessary pain. Three marble statues of heroic size intended for the interior decoration of new Government offices at Sydney, New South Wales, have just been finished by Signor Giovanni Fontana-, and for a short time they remain in his studio at Chelsea. Two are portraits, respectively of the Queen and of the Prince of Wales; the third is a draped ' allegorical figure of the colony, pleasing in conception, and of a certain ideal beauty, crowned with a chaplet in which flowers peculiar to the country are entwined, and bearing a cornucopia of the fruits that abound in the southern hemisphere. Sources of the wealth of the colony are represented by a sheep, couched to the left of of the figure, and on the other side, but neither obtrusively, indications of her mineral riches. In the I portraits of Her Majesty and of the Prince of Wales, our countrymen beyond asks I will have presentments of the Sovereign and of the heir apparent, which, by their n r I j . . r . » ( I verisimilitude may well satisfy them. The statue of the Queen, crowned, wear- ing crime and velvet robes of state, with sceptre in the right hand, a scroll in the slightly extended left, is posed with much stately grace 2 while, for the care and exactness with which the minutes of the field marshal's uniform worn by His Royal Highness are portrayed, the future antiquary of the antipodes will be much beholden to the sculptor. American lovers Boom to find a strange delight in getting married in out-of- the-way places. Railway carriage weddings have already become common, and more than one bridal couple have gone up in a balloon ; the latest novelty is a wedding in the surf at Ocean City. The clergy- man who performed the ceremony, we presume, was a Baptist. There is one obvious advantage in a surf wedding-it is decidedly economical. The first hopBiu fit condition for gather in East Kent were picked on August 27. 'They are the sort known as White's Earlies,' and were grown near Canterbury. The yield will be about a ton to the acre the largest crop of recent years. Those hops were all grown on the string principle, which is generally believed to be more advantageous than the simple two polo system. The general impression appears to be that Mrs. Langtry, who is now playing in England, has not made any progress in her adopted profession since her last appearance there, and that it is idle to expect much from this lady except, perhaps, in light comedy roles in fact, the public will no doubt begin ere long to realise that actors and actresses are not born, but made, and that it is as ridiculous for any lady no matter how beautiful her form and how bewitching her face to think of stepping immediately and without due training into the highest rank of the dramatic profession, as it would be for a newly gazetted lieutenant of volunteers to direct a campaign in Egypt. It is authoritatively announced that the vicar of Stratford-on- Avon (the Rev. G. | Arbul lines) is not opposed to the ox burning of Shakespeare a remains, as proposed by Dr. Ingleby, one of the life j trustees of Shakespeare's birthplace, in a work just published by him entitled "Shakespeare's Home." The object of the proposed exploration of the tomb is to compare the poets skull with the monumental bust in the church, and also to set at rest the controversy about the many conflicting portraits of the poet in existence. before the remains can be ex- humed, however, the consent of the , Mayor and Corporation will also have to be obtained. The proposal is exciting a good deal of comment in Stratford Mr. Carnegie, who has given the public library to Dunfermline, is going to make himself a figure in England. He is a little man of about 45, with an amiable face, but as strong as it is amiable. He has boundless wealth, and unfortunately is a Radical, though not of the rabid class. He is a member of the National Liberal Club, and will probably stand for Parliament at the next election. He is unmarried, is extremely hospitable, and is always doing fine things. The other day he sent a whole Scotch corporation-what we should call its town council through America, without letting them suffer a penny piece of expense. Now he is setting up Dunformlmo in local institutions. Married women in Great Britain must be careful in future how they contract debts on their own account, as they will be liable to arrest if they do not pay up at the appointed time. They have, in fact, a legal status which was formerly denied them by the common law. Hence the court holds that as the reasons on which their exemption from arrest was formerly based no longer exist, the exemption itself . cannot be successfully claimed on their behalf. So completely is the independence of married women secured by legislation in Great Britain that a learned judge recently stated that a woman could put her husband in prison if he made off with an umbrella which she could prove was bought with her separate money. Women certainly appear to have got their " rights" at last. Mr. Forster, in returning thanks for the Lords and Commons " at a political meeting, paid a high tribute to the manner in which Lord Granville had led the House of Lords for the Liberal Ministry. When Lord Granville was at school he one day found himself in the position which boys very often do, of having to fight a pitched battle with fisticuffs, and his opponent was a lad much bigger than himself, with whom he had not the ghost of a chance. But he went about it with a will and managed to stand up again after being knocked down time after time, be- can so he know the bell must soon ring, and that if he could keep going till then he would not be actually beaten. And he continued fighting until the bell did ring. He had to do the same thing in the House of Lords now. He had to keep fighting until the bell rang which waked up public feeling and after all he had not been beaten. A statement is now going the round of the newspapers, says the Berlin correspondent of The Times, though it does not appear how far it may be trusted, to the effect that a volume of the personal memoirs of the reigning Duke of Saxe Coburg Gotha, brother of the deceased Prince Consort of England, may be ex- Eeoted before the end of the year, The heavier work of editing will be done by Professor Lorenz, of Vienna, while the Duke himself will revise and complete the book. The author of the statement above referred to says :-" Both the Imperial and the English Courts are looking forward, with a certain uneasiness to the literary event which will probably be unique of its kind. Whereas the famous me moral of Prince Tally and have not yet appeared 50 years after his death, the reigning Duke of Coburg means to publish his at once. And certainly they will be interesting reading, for, though His Highness is not a Talleyrand, either in a good or a bad sense, still his position in life has given him an opportunity of seeing deeply into the history of his time. As a sovereign, as the brother of Prince Albert, and as the uncle of our Crown Princess, he was always naturally at home in the circles in which history is made and this talented, many-sided man has used his privileged position, not only to enjoy life, but also to observe the political and intellectual movements of our age. 