Chapter XIII.—Elswick C'E-uErEr.Y. Tins time Richard was a week behind the date he had hoped to return by. The first mingled emotion of dread and eagerness for his arrival that possessed me when baby died had been replaced by a psssionate longing to have him with me, that he might share my sorrow and comfort me. When no letter came on the day I expected to receive one I grew anxious, and as day after day the post man went by without ringing our bell, my anxiety grew insupportable. But on a Friday —making it six days past the date he named— there came a letter from Sunderland, saying he would be with me next night. Then again, the old dread, if I may so term a sense I could not clearly define, seized me. Richard could not know that baby was dead ; nay, I was not even sure that he had received the letter I sent him announcing our darling's birth. I now earnestly hoped that letter had never reached him; for in that case, what ever his hopes might lead him to suppose, he' would have no fixed idea of there being a little one at home to greet him, and so the news of baby's death could not grieve and dis appoint him, as it would had he dwelt throughout his homeward voysge on the happiness in store for him. '•Jessie," said father to mc on that Satur day on which Hichard was com'ng, "d'ye mean to meet your husband in that crape "Yes, father," I answered, "he would not like to see me in any other dress when he heard of our loss." "Well, ye know best," said he, with the soothing tenderness of manner and voice he always addressed me with now. "But I hope to live to see the day when those black clothes '"11 go out of fashion. Death's made a -.deal more cruel than it need be by our custom of dealing with it. If I had my way I'd send all the mutes in the country to sea, and order all those objects called hearses, with theirplumes noddingatop like scarecrows, meanttofrighten respectable people out of the streets, to be converted into bathing machines. I don't know, I'm sure," said iie, lying back in his chair and looking up at the ceiling, " where we could have got such notions as mutes and hearses from. I haven't much acquaintance with the ancient Jews and Greeks, but I'd be willing to bet a pound or two that our hat scarfs and gloves, and hired mourning coun tenances, didn't comc from them. If they did, all I can say is, those people deserve to be the forefathers of the folks who now call themselves by their names." He went on talking in this way, whilst I sat near the fire, straining my ear at every sound in the street. It was .November, bitterly cold even for Newcastle latitudes, and a strong wind was blowing, but this—Richard being ashore and safe—1 took no notice of. It was two years and a few days since mother died, and getting on for seventeen months since I was married, and I could not help feeling with pain, as I now sat waiting for my husband's coming, how little I had seen of him during those seventeen months, and how being a sailor's wife was very nearly as bad as being a widow or a divorced woman. Shortly after seven o'clock the door bell rang, and in a. minute I was in Richard's arms, weeping with uncontrollable emotion, and unable to speak. Resolved as I had been to school myself to give him the wel come he would like, the struggle was of no use. The moment I saw him I thought of our baby, and broke down, crying grievously, and speechless. We stood in the passage, and he was silent a moment or two, proving his surprise at my grief, and by that surprise his ignorance of the cause of it. "Bringher in, Dick; bring her in," my father called out. "Give her tier way for a spell; she'll be the better for it." My husband obeyed, still wondering, and, putting his arm into mine led me into the parlor, too much concerned and surprised even to shake hands with father. He seated himself on the sofa, holding me close to him. "What is it, Jessie?" said he. " What bad news have you had, r»iy darling? What friend have you lost?' apparently noticing my deep mourning for the first time. "Did ye get no letter from her at Pensa cola ?" asked my father, in a tremulous voice. " One," answered Richard; " but taere was no bad news in it." "Nothing to tell ye that your wife was a mother, Dick?" continued father. "Xo," replied my husband, quickly, and then stopping short and drawing me more closely to him, as though he now guessed all that could be told. I raised my head from his shoulder and looked at him. "Iknew there was a little one to come," said he. " He's come and he's gone, Dick," ex claimed my father, solemnly. " God loved him too well to let him bide, even for thee, xaylad. It's Jessie's grief. But her heart *'11 mend now that she has ye to talk to." And, getting up, he pretended to seek for something, peering first here and then there, and finally left the room, that my husband and I might be alone. If ever I had dreaded telling Richard of our loss I had now no other sense of that fear than to reproach myself for having felt it. It soothed me unspeakably to pour out my heart to him as I sat nestling at his side, earnestly and tenderly watched by his loving eyes. For, in spite of my father's touching, simple, con soling sympathy, I had felt myself alone with my grief. There was only one person in the whole wide world who could truly share it, and he had been away when my anguish was greatest grief. True it is that life draws a circle round hus band and wife, in which the dearest and fondest relative makes but an intruder. The lawyers may call marriage a civil contract if they like; but for my part, though bom and bi ed a Protestant, I hold that church right which considers it a sacrament, and "nr>livp that no woman who has lost a child, and laid her head upon her husband's breast to weep There, but thinks of marriage as a covenant f s sacred as the Divine love that appointed it for us. I could not expect that Richard should feel as I did. He had never seen our darling, never beheld his beauty, nor watched, as I had, the gradual unfolding of the little bud whose bloom and promise had been nipped by the cold frost of death. Yet there was deep disappointment in his face, and such a sorrow as must arise in the heart of a man who could see with his soul's eye the love that had come and ■<, anished in his absence, that had been as real as life and beauty could make it, and yet no more than a dream to him either. However, before my father joined us, I had told him the story, had dried my eyes, and was talkiDg to hiin about himself and hi* voyage, and smiling as he kissed me and told me to remember that we were together again. "Yes,"' said I, "and we will remain together. You must take me with you next time. I am so lonely now—even with dear father—that it would break my heart to say good-bye to you again, and to remain childless and widowed as I have been." As I said this my father came in. I believe he overheard the closing sentence, but he said nothing about it until much later on, when, the supper things being removed, and we being gathered round the fire, which father had built up until it not only looked like a furnace but roared like one, he said— " Dick, if ye have a mind to carrv Jess with ye to sea nest voyage, she shall go." "Well, captain," answered Hi chard, "you know I have little heart to take her from you, and leave you alone in the old home. But she | is very do^nspirited. Her health is not as it might be. I believe a few months at sea would make her hearty again; and as for me, there'll I be no happier man ail oat when I get her fairly aboard with me." " Watt do ye say, Jess?' asked my father. " If you can do without me, father," I re plied, " I should like to be with my husband." " Be it so, then,"' said he. " We'll have no more palaver. The thing's settled. There's no use in your stopping at home if your heart's abroad, and as Dick says, ye want a change. Besides, the piea«ure of being with him '11 be meat and drink to your spirit. Where are ye bound next, Dick?' " I shan't know until nert week," answered Richard. " I heard this morning that the Phantasy is promised to Captain Gardner, and that there's a chance of my getting com mand of a pretty little clipper barque that was launched not long ago by Laing. If so, my port will be Sierra Leone." Mv father shook his head. "The white man's grave, Dick." "The climate's bad, I admit, captain, bufc we're not coing to live there." "Why, that's very true," said my father. "And I don't know, when all's said and dene, whether it's worse than the West Indies, or the parts ye're fresh from. If ye go to Sierra Leone, Jess, ye'll have to carry a few dictionaries with ye. I hear there's nigh threescore languages spoken in Free town alone. "What's the name of the barque, Dick ?" " The Aurora." "Another fancy name," exclaimed my father, again shaking his head. " Why don't they leave poetry to the navy folk, and stick to the old Susannahs and Mary Anns and Jemimas of my d&y;? Aurora! How's a plain able seaman to answer hail with such a mouthful as that behind his teeth 1 I sup ose she'll be having good cabin accommoda tion V' " Sure," answered Richard. "Wood or iron, Dick?" "Wood." " That's a good job," said my father, light ing a pipe and looking pleased. " Wood was meant by Providence to swim, iron to go to the bottom. If ye'd have said iron I don't know whether that and Sierra Leone put to gether would'nt have set me against Jessie's going." "And what will you do father?-' said I timidly, feeling almost conscious- stricken by the gladness his resolution to let me go gave me. " Do !" he replied. " Well, it'll have to be a break up. Another shifting job,j and the last job, I hope, in this world. I'll go along to Shields, and get ready a home for ye to settle down in when Dick and you have had enough of salt water." He looked slowly round the room, letting his eyes linger, with a wistful expression in ihem, on the old curiosities which littered 1he side tables and sideboard and chimney piece. "It'll be a bit of a wrench," he continued, " but it'll soon be over." " Why do you wish to leave ?" said I. " It would make me happy to feel as we sailed home that wc were returning to this old house." " Think a bit, Jess, and the answer '11 comc to ye. Here another died. Here our little bairn ciicd. Here ye Were born, my lass, and here ye've lived all your life. Fancy me coming home and sitting alone in the room, hearing nothing but the wind, and the clock ticking, and the ashes dropping out of yon grate ? D'ye think I could bear it, with all the past standing like a picture before me? JTo, no," said he coughing to clear a sudden huskiness out of his voice, "when you and Dick go, I go. I'm not a fanciful man, but there'djeome ghosts to this house after ye were gone that would keep me fretting as no wise heart will ever let itself fret. But don't ye mind about that," he exclaimed, with a sudden burst of forced cheerfulness; "I shall be right enough. You two take care of yourselves, and come back home safe. That's all ye need attend to," Well, as you may suppose, it depressed rac sadly to hear him talk like this. But then I also remembered that he had been a good deal away from me, sometimes never seeing me from breakfast till supper-time for days to gether, and that therefore he would not miss me to the extent he imagined; also that at Shields he would have plenty of congenial society to keep him interested and amused. Besides, for whom was I going to leave him ? I should have little deserved the name of wife had I hesitated between him and my husband. Next day being Sunday, wc three went to church, and after service Richard and I walked to Elswick Cemetery to visit our baby's grave. That spacious burial place is tolerably well filled now; monumental stones stand thick under the shadows of the trees; and down the breezy open slopes—from whose summits you survey the Durham Hills, with the Tyne at bottom winding its silver coil towards Blaydon andNewburn, andthelittle villageim mortalised in English story as the birthplace of George Stephenson—the soil heaves in billows with the furrows of innumerable graves. Eut in those days the cemetery was little more than garden land, with here and there a grassy hillock, or the gleam of white stone amid the shady recesses to denote its character. Our darling's resting-place was marked by a little cross, with that sweet sentence, "Jesus called a little child unto him," carved on the steps. It was a bitter cold [day; tho north-east wind howled^ through the valley of the Tyne, and the flying sunshine flashed and faded upon the hills as the dark bodies of vapor swept across the sky. When my husband came to the spot where our baby lay, he stood looking awhile without speak ing, touched to the heart by the littleness of the grave and the sight of his and my name upon the cross, and the age of the lost one —"Five months and one week." Pie then took off his hat, and knelt down and said a prayer. It would have moved a heart of iiint to see this_ sailor, with his hair tossing to the wind, his hands clasped, his eyes nxed on the little cross, praying at the resting-place of his child whom he had never seen, whom he loved, yet could only think of as a spirit. Never did death appear to me so great a mystery and miracle as at that time. (To be continued.) 