THE POSTMLAN'S STORY. "As I was saying, it was Valentine's day, 1872\. My route was from Seventh to Twelfth on Spruce street. The locality was a good?deal,more fashionable then than now, and'ome.veiry high-toned folks lived there. We won't inention no names 'nor.'give no numbers, but the particular young lady I'm going to tell you about lived just above Tenth street. I had a pretty big load and was not in the best-of temper with my work, but when a beautiful .young lady opened the door her self in her eagerness to get the large envelope which was addressed to her, and smiled her thanks at me, I felt a different man. Nor did I feel the worse after the hot cup of coffee which a servant hadreadyfor me, as instructed by the young lady, .for it was a bitter raw morning and the bullet wound in the shoulder, which I got at the second battle of Bull Run, was twitching very bad. Now a postman can't help 'noticing his letters a bit. Every body hasn't got a letter box to drop 'em in of course, I am referring to routes of private houses-and you are' often kept waiting a half mihnte or so at the door. The things I've read on postal cards are a caution, I can tell you. A postman learns a good deal acciden. tally about other people's affairs-but to come back to the young lady. "I took an interest in her from that 141th day of February, and generally glanced at her envelopes. She got a good many, but nearly all were in ladies' handwriting; letters from girl friends and invitations to balls and recep tions and such like, I guess. ,The exceptions were letters in a bold, masculine hiiandwriting, all written by the same man; therewas no. doubt about o that., At first I. rbtght them once ai week; and thh;n, afte`a little while, every day, and sometimes. twice, a day. She often took them in herself, and I always felt:. happy, for the rest of the day. Her bright.. smile sort of -went through, me. " Once or twice I. received :a letter from her to post to him, I was sure, not that she told me so, but I could tell it was by the way she blushed when she handed- them to me. I looked at the address and name. It was a broker on Third street. On the June -following the Valentine's Day the family went away, and did not return from out of town until October, but -I did not see the young lady, nor did I have any letters for her. 'Hasn't she re tamed yet?' I asked the colored waiter. 'Oh, no, she won't be here till Christmas. She is now on the "continong" with her hus-. band. They were married at Newport in " August.' .' Oh,' says: I. ..And I thought no more of the matter; events had taken their natural course by ending in- marriage, as all properly regulated love-letters ought to do. "She came back with her husband at Christmas, and began housekeeping in the tame square as her family, so I delivered her letters. Shesaw me on New Year's Day, and did not forget me, either. What she gave me was sufficient to buy my wife a warm cloak for the winter, with enough left over for a pair of shoes for the baby. The newly- married couple had a heap of letters of all sorts kinds and descriptions. Invitations in any number for both of them, and plenty of female cor respondence for her. He seemed to get let ters from all parts of the world, between them they had more than the rest of the square put together. There seemed to be some change by April. The envelopes of the letters had the names of store-keepers on them, and doubtless contained bills. The following month similar letters came very thickly in deed, and so did letters with the names of lawyers on the upper right hand corner of the envelopes. He seemed to be always at homes for he often came to thedoorhimself and took the letters from me, as if anxious for the ser vants not to see them. A good-looking man lie was, with a proud manner and a dissipated face. "' We are going away to- morrow,' said the colored servant one morning, as I handed him the ordinary batch. "'Out of town?' I asked. "' Out of dis town, I guess,' he replied, with a grin. ' The sheriff's officers are in the house.' " When I was delivering the letters the next day, a hack drove up to the door, and I lingered a moment out of curiosity. The lady came down leaning on her husband's I arm, looking so miserable and altered I hardly recognised her. She must have I noticed the expression on my face for she I nodded to me and smiled; but such a ghost C of a smile I A few days afterward the things in the house were sold by auction, and new people came to live there; and soon, amid the Smany thoughts of life, I forgot all about the young lady. - "It was in the summer of 1877, when I got put on a route in Germantown. I was not very well, and thought the country walking cwould do me good, so I changed routes, with a the permission of the postmaster, with a com rade who worked, as I said, in Germantown. Sorting out my letters, as I served one of the pretty, leafy avenues, I came across one ad cdressed to the old familiar name, Mrs. - , and in the husband's handwriting. The postmark was Colorado; so he was away; that was evident. She was sitting on the porch of a pretty little cottage, with a child in her arms. It was easy to see she was no longer rich. The dresses of herself and child, and the smallness and dirtiness of the Irish servant maid, who was cleaning a parlour window, denoted the fact at a glance; but she did not look unhappy, and she knew me at once. " Why, postman, she exclaimed, " is it pos. sible it can be you?' "'Yes, ma'am,' I says, 'it is; thanking you kindly for remembering me, and here is one of his letters for you.' " She took it' from me with the old eager ness, and as she turned to go into the house I noticed her pressing it to her lips. He didn't write very often to her-every two or three weeks, not more, while sometimes much longer intervals elapsed. It used to make me quite miserable when I noticed her pleading face as I passed morning after morning with out anything for her. "' You are quite sure you have not got one, postman' ", she would ask. " Quite sure, ma'am. The Western mail is late to- day-not delivered till to-morrow," was my faltering excuse. "Christmas Day arrived, and I had not delivered a letter from the husband since the middle of October. She no longer came to the door now. The little servant girl told me her mistress was nearly always ill. At last I brought a letter from Colorado- on the last day of the year; and then I delivered one regularly once or twice a week, until Febru ary. The lady began to conme to the door again, looking something' like her former bright self. "The 14th of February-Valentine's Day \---came round, and I had a Colorado letter for the lady; but it was not in the husband's handwriting. She came to the door. "' Here is a valentine, ma'am,' says I, cheerily. 'I hope it will make you as happy as the one I delivered to you in Spruce street about five years ago.'" "Thank you, 'postman,'" she replied, ' and I have got a hot cup of coffee for you.' "' She took the letter, eyed it curiously, and opened it with trembling fingers. I was watching her while sipping my coffee-a glance at the contents, and she fell back life less. The little Irish girl came up immedia tely, and between us we carried the lady into the parlour, and laid her on the sofa. Then Itook up my mail bag, for of course I could not wait, and continued my delivery. A few houses away lived a doctor, and I told his servant there was a sick lady who required medical aid. I had no letters for the cottage the next morning, but the little servant rushed out to tell me the lady was dying, and the letter from Colorado was from a police justice, saying the husband had run away with a woman to Australia, taking -with him a laigo sum of inoney he had stolen from his : employers. The letter also said it was sup posed, where he was working, that the woman, who was his companion, was married to him, until a search among the defaulter's papers disclosed the existence of a wife iun Philadelphia. Before the week had cld~ds ' there was a bow of crape oh the eottage door, - and the' doctor's certificate said, 'Died of a broken he.art.' ? Have -you got a match about you, sir;my'pilpe has gone out," and tho: postsan trudged off hdmeward withhis date, theletter-sorter. ' ' 