t^;v\: ..- Gipsy's Notes. ; .v.w- :i Ladies and " Owls." " <Ott Wednesday night last week, uninviting thouj '.the weather was, a largo number of "ladybirds -* accepted tho invitation extended to them by t '"Sydney Owls ; mot in the customary perching-roc :i»t Rainford's Cambridge Club Hotel, m Oxfor ^îBtréet, and spent a very pleasurable throe hours. Tl ÍBPOiety is in many respects similar to tho " Lond< Owl Club," only that tho latter aro strictly música while our birds aro dramatic and literary as we! Both have social proclivities, and graciously perm wives, sisters,' sweethearts, and mothers-in-law 1 rbe present-not as a general thing, but upc ' rare . occasions, tho rarity giving of nocessit i ho greater charm in feminine eyes. Tl "hall whero tho "hoots " are held is of fair size, wit : walls pictorially decorated with life-size portraits c , Sydney celebrities-tho lato Revs. Archbishop Poldin and Bishop Barker, in canonical garmonts, amioabl r" confronting each othnr, Sir Herculos Robinson, Cai * tain Macdonald, Sir James Martin, Sir John Roborl , Bon, Thomas Garrett, and a few others. Ono end c ! the hall is fitted up as a proscenium, draped wit ' cretonne curtains and provided with a piano. Th 'f fair ghosts occupied the contro of the room, and alon <! the .sides tho owls perched. The president, whos J, insignias of offico aro a silver circlet with an owl' . head, depending from his coat lappel, a tablo with ; j few owls (stuffed), looking blandly on at'their un "feathered namesakes, a black box mysteriously in ^ BOribed "President's Box" (should like to hav ' 'pdepöd inside, but fear overcame curiosity) ' and an ivory hammer. Next to tho president tin \- latter wa3 most frequently heard, serving to rooal i ; wandering attention, and to intimate to talkativi -.( folk that but ono voice should be hoard at a time, an< ) that one from tho platform. Tho " Mocking Bird': , (for so is tho president aptly termed) oponed pro oeédiñgs by calling a gentleman "liar," but to thi astonishment of the uninitiated instead of the ono sc * addressed resenting the insult he answered to his tílme quite as a matter of course. Then it transpired that though pronounced the same tho word is spell ' "lyre," and tho birds habitually address each othei i aB'they are orriithologically termed, in tho place ol , i Mr.. Brown, Smith, &o.; After this explanation wc Y f'M" more at ease. Tho lyre and mocking bird's wins pered conference at an end, the latter began to ''twitter and addressed tho visitors in a birdlike stylo, explaining that ho was at a loss how to designate **'them. To call ladies "owls" would be a breach of etiquette. If they wero termed " hens" perohanco in ,r singer they would make a speedy egg-sit. If ladybirds, they might take tho poet's advioa and " fly away i' home." " Visiting Crows" was open to tho same ob jection as." owls." Ï haye forgotten how tho diffi qUlfcy was settled; but the speaker concluded- by announcing that a pianoforte duct was tho first item * ' tii, tho programme. . This, an>rrangement of " Wil ' Ji%rn Tpil," was performed on tho afore montioned {»ano by '* Humming Bird," and a pretty sistor-in aw in azure satin ; who might appropriately.bo called r: Eluo Bird. "Shrike" contributed four comic songs ,- excellently ; " Bullfinch," two sentimental, " Smilo » and bid mo live," and '" Tho Doll of Dreams," with . his acoustomed sweetness and expression. A Mel ï iboarne owl doliverod a pathetic recitation, " The ïijjotto'r of Death," and made everyone misor '?áblo from sympathy. A pianoforte duet Lon airs from " Faust" by tho " Lyre " and a little ^daughter.'satisfactorily concluded part 1. Part 2, . tho oomedy of "A Winning Hazard," wherein Messrs. (j-Benson, Líes, Isaacs, and Rainford, assisted by two Í lady amateurs, played with spirit and humour. Part ; 8/, a refreshing interval, during which toa, coffoo, and i sweet things wero dispensed, carno opportunely, and '.'thus invigorated tho visitors were propared to listen \- f urther. A lady in possession of a mellow and power ful mezzo-soprano voice gavo Ganz's "Nightingale's Trill " very charmingly. Ono of tho ladies who took ; part in tho comedy recited " Little Jim." Agentlo i iiian playod a selection of airs on tho mouth-horn, a t melodious, though not exactly a graceful perform anco, two others warblod, thon everybody hoped tho , .Queen might be saved, and owls, visiting crows, and " la. ly-birds flew home to roost before 12. ! Eastern Suburbs Amateur Sports. ' , Saturday afternoon was rather gloomy, and more ";thañ rather cold, and as tho Association Ground ' under such circumstances is about ono of the loast at " traotiyo places of Sydney, wise folk determined to ; save their admission fee and finery for a moro con ' ;v«nient opportunity, Many there wore-between 3'ÍOO and 4000-who did not think that way, and they . listened to tho dulcot strains of the recently orga nised City Band, shivered in tho cauld blast, grow ox ,'qitol over walking matches, sympathised with tho fainting bicyolo victor, and finished up tho ; 'afternoon by catching a pelting shower, that ; carno, in time to accompany thom hamoward. Trams filled up rapidly, but as tho visitors who take ; between two and three hours to oongrogato at tho ; sports all wish to leave in twenty minutes or so, it is scarcely fair to expect ordinary rolling stock to bo equal tn tho demand. Cabbies did a flourishing ' business (they must wish 'twere always raining), and the few enterprising 'bns-men hugged themselves for their enterprise, as their vehicles were crowded by people who, like thoso who flookod to Noah's Ark, wanted to " get in out of the rain." Once or twice during the atternooa the skies gave warning, and threw a few drop^ on the spectators, who scurri into the grand stand,-leaving the lawn and terra deserted and lonely, but anon the'rain cleared off, a promenaders sought tb''restore- the circulation chilled frames by exercise, i -? The musician's perfor onces were favourably commented upon, but t wind oftentimes carried in a contrary direction t strains which were intended for visitors, so thal just opinion could" scarcely be given of tl their first public concert. Amongst the objec for admiration displayed on the lawn we several specimens of the genus masculii The sex are generally content to be active rath than passive in this respect, but time's whirlig oversets many old ideas, and the young man of t present day grudges his sisters the admiration th were wont to monopolise, therefore getä himself i with dainty shoon-very small if possible-tall collai lowrbrimmedhat, close fitting garments,atinyneckt: aflower-oh ! really musthave a flo wer .neatly fasten with its garnitnro of leaves on the left lappel of 1 pretty little coat, then a pair of hid gloves cover t] Boft white hands, a very light stick with a silver top hold between his fingers, and tho dainty creature go forth to break hearts. There wore many such proser and may be they are very nico-to look at. The was not a particularly brilliant display in femini: garb, hues and materials in keeping with the di skies most in favour ; and as the lawn was not at r orowded, the absonoe of finery was the more notic able. Ou a pretty blonde a peculiar arrangeme: of. grey and black seemed very effective. Tl skirt of prey was flounced to tho knee A neat littlo black jacket encaso! a tri form, and a grey folt hat was encircled by gossamer veil, tho latter thon coquettishly woui round the lady's throat. Navy blue satin costume worn in company with two fawn-coloured cayali hats, wore noticeable In good taste was a toilet of ficelle cashmero, or somo such texture, trimme with bands of golden-brown velvet, and tho bocoi ing hat carried a long ostrich plume, shaded fro gold to brown. A fair matron in black velvet ar groy fur bravely carried her cross, but tho fact of i being silver mayhap diminished tho burthen. Tl trinket in question measured fully nine inches i length, and its breadth was proportionate; Vei showy were two black satin drosses artisticall painted with lilies, rosos, and daisies. A brow satin, similarly adorned, did tho artist credit. . pair of black velvet robed sisters wore white sati quilted tippets bordered with swansdown, black hat with crimson chrysanthemums nestling over the lei ear. Effect vory picturesque. His Excolloncy an Lady Loftus woro prosont for a considerable tim during the aftornoon, her ladyship's toilette marke with its customary simplicity-a black satin dolmai edged, with green seaweed fringe, completely enveloi ing her ; head-dress of autumn foliage. Fashionable Wedding1. St. Mark's Church, Darling Point, was beantifull decorated on Tuesday, the 15th instant, in honour c tho marriage of the daughter of tho lato T. S. Mori Esq., with Post-Captain Atkinson, R.N. Tho brido' dress was very rich and tasteful, composed of whit brocaded satin petticoat, bodioo train and drapery white volvot, orango wreath, tulle voil, and diamon ornaments. Eight littlo maidens aefcod as brides maids, prettily robed in Kate Greenaway costumes o cream and blue, headdresses to match, and were cave liered by a similar number of small gentlemen attirei in white sailor suits. Amongst the guests were Si Alfred Stephen, Lady Hay, Mr. Henry and th Misses Moore, Messrs. Laidley and William Mor with their wives, Commodoro Erskine, severa officers, Captain and Mrs. Watson, Mrs. T. S. Mort and several others. A number of blue jackets formée in lino as the bridal cortege passed in honour of.thoi: officer. Dejeuner at Greenoakes, Darling Point, re sidonco of bride's mother. ' : To Corresponden s. Ella (Canowindra) wishos for directions to maki rag carpets or rugs, what foundation is necessary also what needle is required ?-Can any experienoec reader help her ? Bartio B. (Wagga)-Thank you. Bay (Guyong)-A oorroapondly kindly oompliec with your request. Sir Jaok Frost (Elizabeth Bay)-(1.) To borrow books from the Public Library you must obtain from that institution a form of application, signed by an M.P. or alderman, or clergyman, testifying that you aro capable of taking care of tho works. . (2.) Lava ter'8 works on physiognomy is a very good one, bui the lecturer, Dr, Simms, who lately visitod Sydney, has published ono of tho most complete. A copy is in the Free Library, but I do not know if ono can bo purchased in Sydney ; I-think not. (3.) Below 21\. (4.) To toll you how character may bo road, from handwriting would take up too much spaco. Sunshine (Booligal)-(1.) Colour the shells by dip ping thom into cochineal for red- and pink, in water whioh has been poured over a few threads of saffron for yellow. Green and blue with Judson's dyes. Carmen is a young lady who is ambitious to become plump. Peas, beans, potatoes, plenty of starchy foods, sugar and milk in abundance, all tend that way. Drink quantities of water, and above all cultivate cheerfulness and good tempor. A thin angular happy natured person is seldom mot, and on tho other hand it is as rare to fiud a discontented grumbling nature encased in a round plump form. Daphne (Lochinvar)-Will attend to you next week. Jane (Rylstone)-Mdmoi Wiogel, King-street, and. Mdme. Demurest, in the old Arcade, furnish cut-out paper patterns for dresses, &c.; Muriel Hampton (Orango)-Dresden China thus Hair turned back over a cushion, arranged in curls at tho back and powdered, pink sateen petticoat, sateen flowered bluo and pink overdress, elbow sleeves, square corsage, pink silk hose, high-heeled shoes. (2.) Brown of various shaded, navy blue, garnet, prune, black with bluo and rod. Princess bonnet. (3.) Brush tho toeth after each meal with soap and water. Writing very nice. Curtail tholong letters and no fault can bo found, Novice (Ipswich)-" Are yon disengaged for sucha I waltz ?" &c;, " May I haye the pleasure of dancing with you?" "May I inscribo my name on your J programme?'^ "Will you trust yourself to me for I such a dance?'' How will these do? Silverleaf-(1.) It may not be improper, but a j knife hanging from a lady's watch chain is not an ornamental appendage. (2.) To remove dandriff, rub with the tips of tho fingers into the roots of the hair a small quantity of kerosene oil with water. Wash off with cold water, and rub tho hair dry. Yass Subsariber informs "Veritas Tibas" that Yarralumla is an extensive pastoral property belong ing to Mr. F. Campbell, who purchased it Borne time back from Mr. A. Gibbes. The homestead is situated on the Queanbeyan River, 12 miles from Queanbeyan, and is bounded for many miles by the Murrumbidgee and Queanbeyan Rivers. Ina-Acknowledge the presents as they are re ceived. (2). Yes. (3). It is not usual. Daisy (Pallamallawa)-(1). Knit strips of lace and join them with strips of wide ribbon till the required width. (2). Nice, if the long letters were not quite so lengthy. (3). Generous and bordering on extrava gance. I Vivian Collingwood (Yonng)-Seo reply tc? Muriel Hampton. Colours the same. (2); ^Cavalier or Bubens hat of black brown or blue plush;- <3). Very well, but why add the queer little flourishes to each word's-final letter. Omit these and ajdecidea-un provement will result. >. . . 1 ¡GIPSY. , [Communications for "Gipsy" may be addressed care of Editor, "Town and Country Journal. Social items especially welcome.! 