ITEMS OF NEWS. The New Era Co. cleaned up yesterday . for 74 oz 18 dwt gold, and tho Enterprise" Co., Fiyerstown, for 66 oz for the fortnight. ' The Garfield Company, Chewton, yesterday Cleaned up from three 'boxes, and obtained 'a yield of 155 oz retorted gold. The previous return; was 64 oz. v ' Divine service will be conducted in the Me- chanics' Hall, by Mr Slee to-morrow evening. The second consignment of cattle to Messi8 Ettershank and On., of Ballarat,' passed through the Castlemnino station last night in three train; consisting of thirty trucks. A batch of prisoners arrived in Castlomaino from the metropolis last evoning en, route to Maryborough, where tliey will- -assist in carrying out the necessary: works required in that bo? rough. ' " ; Mr H- H. Hall, dentist, being unable through sudden' illness to visit Gastlemaine last' month, will be in attendance on Wednesday next, September 11th, and may be' consulted at the Talbot Drug Store. Mr O'Donohoe, one of the candidates for the vacant seat in the Mining Board, is actively canvassing the various parts of the district. He, yestorday visited Campbell's Croek where lie' had a good reception. He will address the miners early in the week. ; i The anniversary of the Congregational Church will be hold to-morrow, when the old pastor, the Rov. e. Day, will conduct the services both' morning aud evoning. Many of his old friends will be glad to have an opportunity of hearing him again in the pulpit. . The f requont practice indulged in by children in running after vehicles on the various roads almost culminated in a severe ncciduntyesterday near Chewton. Whilst a conveyance was pro ceeding at a rapid rato, one of these little urchins in the endeavour to aliglit from tlio step, fell with groat force upon the road, but escaped with only a slight injury. The following are the returns of traffic of the Victorian Railways for week ending 30tli Aug., 1883 : — Passengers, parcels, horses, car-; riages, dogs, and mails, L13,933 10s Cd ; mer-i cliandise, minerals, and cattle, L17,725 5s lOd — total for the week,' L31,65S 16s 4d ; corres-, ponding week in 1882, L30.985 16s 7d. Ag-; gregate to this date from 1st July, L280,844 3s 9d. Weekly average, nine weeks, L31, 204 18s 2d. . ' The Warden of the Taradale division of the Castlemaine mining district reports that the Queen's Birthday Company obtained 800 ounces of gold for the month,' an average yield of nine ounces to tho ton. Ellis Freehold contiiiues to yield fairly. The Aroona Company have not only found the gutter they were prospecting for,: with good wash in it, but have also struck a rich gold- bearing reef. In other parts of the division; mining is being steadily pursued. A bugey accident occurred yesterday even-i ing near Castlemaine which might have: resulted in serious consequences to two ladies, and which caused injuries to the driver, the fall extent of which are not yet known. Mrs John ston and Mrs Thivaites were being drivon from Muckleford by a son of the former, and when at M'Kenzie's Hill, Winters Flat, the. liorsd shied, throwing the young man out of tile buggy, the front wheel of which passed over'his back. For tunately he retained hold of the reins,, and the Budden jerk pulled the horse up, and ho rt'gainod his seat, but last night he was suffering some what from the effects of the accident, and it is feared he may have receivod internal injury. a meeting of the Newstead Mutual Improve-: ment Society was held on Thursday; evening last in the Mechanics' Institute; ' There wero present- — Messrs Curry (president),- Ryan, ' Mackie,! M'Alpino, Brebner, M'Phoo, arid other gentle-' men. Several new members "were : proposed, and others sent in their names for enrolment at the next meetiug. During the evening debates, : essays, recitations and song3 were given. Tho president spoke on the benefits which accrued by being a member of .the -society, and on the advisability of every member/taking a part in songs, readings or recitations ; several membcra rendered songs. At next meeting .a debate will be initiated by Mr A. M'Phee on '.".Polygamy, or Life amongst the Mormons." \- While China is taking steps to oppose the French troops in Anam, by massing an army on the frontier ready for action, the Government of the Repuhlio have not allowed this manifest menace to pass unnoticed, and a notice has been forwarded to the Chinese Government that un less these troops are withdrawn the French will blookade the ports of Canton andPak Hoi. Un less one of the parties soon gives way war is cer tain, and as showing that China is not to be caught at a disadvantage it is reported that large quantities of bullion are being sent to ban- ton. British interference in Zululand has again been found necessary,' and a force has been ordered into the Roseryeil territory to watch the movements of Ceteiyayo. : A meeting of the Mount Alexander and Upper Loddon Agricultural and Pastoral Society was convened for last night, but as there was no quorum-present the meeting lapsed. Those pre sent were Messrs. Horwood, Gaqlton, Marriott, GilBllan, and the secretary, ' Mr O. Pritohard. The following correspondence was to have been submitted to the, meeting j—rom , the acting secretary for Agricultural Department,' stating that it is proposed to publish' an annual report lyhich will include papers read at meetings® Agricultural and Horticultural Societies, reports on new rural industries, descriptions and trials! of agricultural maohine'ry and implements, ho.tes , on experimental cultivation,- means adopted for forcing growth of plant;, and storage of produce. ; Tlie Department Vfould receive qny reports which the Mount Alexander and ' Upper Loddon Agri? ', cultural Society thought suitablq for puhliqqtjqh. ! — From private secretary - to the . Govprnpr, ac- : cording hi; patronage to the ajio'w which will be held on tho 31at October ; but -His Excellency will be unable to be present on the occasion. : The mooting was adjourned until Friday next. ; A fracas occurred 'in Barker-street yesterday: that occasioned a lively serisqtion among speota- tors' during its. brief, coqtinuanco. It. appears that One of tho parties' had' a visit from' a; brother, and that they jipd mihglqd offeptioni and liquor somewhat frpply together. ; After this ! the convivial brother having spent all his re-i serve love, became pugnacious and ready to! quarrel with any ono not of his kin, 'and meeting: a townsman in the street , lie quickly passed: from words of banter into ; those of "a harsher: description,: and suiting the action. to the word! something like a souffle ensued. Tlie; persop: thus assailed rid himself of his eompahy by giving him in charge of a constable lyho oscprteilj the offending one , jto the watohhouse, hjiero he| was let cool" iff ' dudgeon, for ; a quarter ' of "an t hour, when' h Samaritan ' comiiig to the rescue) procured his liberty by entering into bail for his appearanoe at the oourt on Tuesday, The rage of tho captivo was infkmqij: by tfyo ipdignif-y inciiropration, and ho soqgbt fe' qjlsy thi? hy seeking to expend it' on its originator. '' He saw iiini, but a friend interposing saved an alterca tion, though ho was afterwards involved in a scufflo himself for his mediation. The error of his ways soop dawned upon the convivialist who toslifiod his penitence by quickly apologising for his indiscretion towards tho would-bo peace maker. As tho fracas may becomo a matter for inquiry at the Police Court, nothing more noed now be said respecting it. A correspondent at Maldon writes A few nights ago Mrs Miller was returning home, and, whilst waiting for a Mend at a street corner, was passqd by a youpg inan, who, after going past her a few yards, returned, knocked her down, and struck her, giving her two black eyes and inflicting other injuries. Before leaving, lie told her he thought he had given her enough. On reaching homo she informed her friends, who at once communicated with the police, but, as she could not givo any description of tbo per son who assaulted her, the matter remained a mystery. Reports bad for soxnq time past; been ourrent that ghosts have' been seen in the neigh bourhood of tlio place where the assault took place, and the following morning a young man who delivers milk in the neighbourhood ap peared as usual, but with a bandaged and help-, less hand, and informed his customers that fie had been fighting witfi the ghost.' On hearing that Mrs Miller's case was in_ the hands of the police, .ho at once paid a visit to the sufferer, and on finding that she was really the ghost he had attacked, he offered a most abject apology. MoBara O. H. Ntoolson,: P.M., E. Morrison and J. Dolphin,- j.P.'s, adjudicated on the benoh at the Chewton Police Court yesterday. Ru dolph Friedlieb sued Andrew:Ostini for assault. Defendant did not appear, Mr F. K. Best ap peared for complainant, and in opening the case read. the 101st section of the Statute, after which complainant' deposed - that on Monday last while seated in his buggy defendant threw a stone (produced) at him, at the same time re- marking "You old b__; I will do for you this time." Complainant did not give any pro- vocation for the assault. Mr Best stated that Ostini was about a year ago bound over to keep' the peace for six months for assault and after the expiration of that period he indulged in; similar practices. It appeared that defendant: had presented himself at the court yesterday morning, and afterwards took his swag and quitted; the district. .Mr 'Best pressed for a heavy fine to fbe inflicted, so as to mark the con-; duct of defendant. After a short consultation the bench inflicted a fine of L5, with L1 costs, or two months' imprisonment. A young man: named Alexander McGregor was charged with: removing timber from Crown lands without a li-' cense. He pleaded guilty, and confessed, his ignorance of the law in relation thereto. He: was fined 10s, with costs 2s 6d. James Jackson was similarly charged, and was mulcted to , the: extent of 123 6d. Our Molbourue cbn'espohdent writes : — Prac tically, you may roclcon the summoning of the! federal .convention, of whioh such great things; wore hoped, has boen delayed until about the end of November, By that timq the English public interest in our claims will have ceased, and we shall realise that tho opportunity — which is not likely to occur again so fortuitously in our his-: tory — has been lost. No one can blame Mr Service, who has worked energetically that his; name misrht he handed down to nosteritv in! connection with the first federal movement of Australia ; but the other colonies do not possess his instinct to utilise a great chance. Replies have been received ' from Tasmania affirming that they, like Now Zealand, will send two delegates, hut can't move until after tlie middle of October, and on! this Mr Service has informed Sir Thomas M'llwraith that 'if tho end of No vember, which - seems to be the- nearest date; convenient to' the supine colonies, will suit; bo: will summon the convention then. -This will probably be agreed to/ and the fixing of the date! will mark that in which the yictorian Parlia-: ment commences its 'recess, which: I ' anticipate: will be a four months' one. Mr Giblin has also written fromHobart to the effect that the Lower; and the Upper House! iff Tasmania will agree to' send an address to the Queen that she' will be: pleased to take measures to prevent ; New Guinea and the islapds between it and Fiji, in eluding New Britain and New Ireland 'being; annexed ! by any; foreign power either for, purposes of colpnisatibn or a penal settlement.'. Tlie address was oabled yesterday (Friday) by Mr Service to.tlie Secretary of State. i . / A telegram received-from Sandhurst yesterday ! mentions the clever arrest). by -Detective '-O'Oal. . laghan of a man having the name of Arthur. J. : Coates, charged with larceny of a-bugcy. belong ing to'Me'ssrs StsvensbAaiid Eliibtt, Melbourne. It appears that ;omeono; suppo8ed.tu be the man arrested,, has bepn yictiraising a large, number of the leading firms in Melbourne by representing he was a aqqjtter frqm Soutli Aua'trilia, and that ho had purchased a station near Sandhurst, on which hp -was; -about r tp placp.. his. son." fle gained.. cppfideiice„.by aieash.Ar'ansaction;?. and then ordered large lines on credit, which he had sent to Sandhurst, whore -ho disposed of them under cost ppice, At the Police: Oourt Ooates was charged with larceny as a bailee of a .buggy; the property: of . Elliott, Bros., and Valued 'at L50, and was remanded to Melbourne.;' ' - i - Information has been forwarded to the police that a man named George Brooks, employed as fencer on the Gunbower Station, Lower Murray, has been missing since the 1st inst., and grave fears are entertained for his safety. Brooks was repairing a boundary fence in the Gunbower forest, and on the data afore mentioned he called at the head station for rations. He left for his camp in the forest, and was last seen about a mile from his place by a woodcutter, to whom he remarked that he had found a good place to cross a creek, swollen by the back waters of the Murray. The crossing referred to was a logj arid it is surmised 'that hri'slipped pff it into the wafer and w'as drbWped.'as a bpuriilary-rider called at his camp next day, but did nof 'find. any trace, of liis rotrirn,! 'A search was riiade/jii.the adjacent swamp and crook, . but, up to the .pre sent, without success. v . According' to the'evidonce of Mr G-irdlestbrie, the fiealth officer of the city of Molbo'urne. given before1 the' Sliqps Opmmissipn. overcrowding fre quently takeB place at the factories in which women ' are employed.; : The .consequence of brefiUijng air vitiated, by the breath of'so many pepplp, is often ! consumption ; and the : air is repdered. more impure by the olosirig of the doors - and -windows - to - promote warmth.'.' He was aware the servants' accommodation at hotels was'; rioriietimos insriffioient; and thought "they should be' looked after. 1 Another witriess stated that at Mjller's rope factory a' number of ohild- reri prere pmployod of from twelve po fourteen yoapriof ago. ' :!!! !;.!;. ;"' ! ! '!;:' ..Residents in Eyre : street. yesterday ;(says the Ballarat - Courier) were rather startled' on seeirig a round-limbed - lad : entirely innocent of habili ments, or to speak more;'plainly,'in' a state of nature," speedirig along at a; great rate, over and ariph' glancing backwards to" see- if he was 1 pur- supd. He was pursued, 'tlie follower being his alarmpd riiatcr, who made siieh gopj use of her leg; that. she soph had her runqivay naked ono rindpr arrest. - It appears t'hat the boy hail been "-iraggipg ik " from school, arid to keep him from ..the, street -his mother .-had lockod - him in a room aqd' taken affay his clothes. This waB too, much for. the truant player, ho, regardless of the scare likely to be occasioriod in the Btre'ets' by his nude appearanoe, opened the window and leVaritedr.-: During;th'o yriyage of tho G;rnian barque from Hamburg , tp Hoqspn'a , Bay one of thp, crow fell overboard.. The accident happened on August 3.- At 9 o'clopjc on the evening gf that dqte H. M. A. Meyer, ordinary" Beainan, a native of Oldenburg, and 18 years of age, was washed over board by a tremendous sea, whioh broke over thffypggel aqd' swept him mercilessly away. The vin| giu hlowiqg n gale at the time, and the night' was pitch dark, go tfiat any attempt at rescue of the poor fellow was . out of tho ques tion. Fredoriok Boswoll and Charles Russell liaye, each been sentenoed to six months' imprison-'' ment at Horshaiff for hpi'sp-stoaling. ' Tho Savings Baiik returns of Quoonsland for tho month of August show that the total amount to the" credit of the -institution is 431,112,217, being an increase of £16,000 on the previous month. " The return from tho Lonjg Turinel'Gpld' Min ing Company , Walhalla, for' August was— quartz crushed, 1397 ton; ; gold obtained, 2702J ounces. A diyidend of fifty aliillinga 'per share wg; de clared, arid L380 plapod to the credit of the re serve fund. ; The Supreme Court, Sydney, has given a ver dict of £500 against' the 1 Clarence River Ship ping Company to a hian named Trice who had been seeing a passenger off by the Oily of Graf ton, arid alleged that before he conld 'get clear of the gangway the' vessel started without any previous notice, throwing: him - off the gangway into tlie water, whence he was resoued with pome ; difficulty. : ; : ; A sudden death poptin'edon1 Thursday nigbt' about 8 rniles from Donald, on, tlio road' to Avon! Plains;' : A man named Patrick Feely was- re-i turriirig from 'the D'oria-ld show, and .when a few; miles from home he attempted to get out of the; trap." He fell' forward on to the . ground, and: when picked up he was found to be : dead. "An inqnuy will be held. fj-: Some excitement was created at Smythesdale by a son of Mr George Knight, a wood carter, residing south of Canico quartz claim, stating that his father found off Tuesday a nugget, weighing 24 ounces, in the bush north of the Half-way House, on the Smythesdale and Carngham roads. He was on his way with a load of firewood for the Haddon claims. The heavy rain of Monday night and Tuesday had washed the spot, and the wheel of the dray had bent the metal flat. . .A magisterial inquiry into the cause of the death! .of James" Gatewpod, 28 years of age, whose body' -.was found in the Goulbmn River, was held' onl .Sunday last. . A man named Stephen Kavanagh; and : deceased on the 15 th J uly were endeavour- i Ing to raise a boat thathad sunk. - Both, how- ! over, essayed to swim across tho river,' but' when they had readied the conti'e deceased became; weak, and called to Kavanagh' for assistance.! The latter went and placed deceased on a log; while he (Kavanagh) recovered his breath,1 but; deceased soon disappeared, and 'the body., was; not found until last Sunday. ' ' -The Eaglehawk correspondent of the Bencligo Independent writes " On Thursday afternoon a sensation was created in the towri' by its being reported that Dr. Marr, of Victoria-street, had fired two shots at his wife, and had also at tempted to, shoot a constable. It appears that the doctor, after returning from tho inquest at Myers' Flat) took to drinking heavily. : About half-past four in the -afternoon, he requested the groom — a young : man named James — to' drive him out.in the buggy. This James: judiciously refused to do, seeing that he was the worse for liquor. Marr tlien becamo vai-y angry 'and en tered the buggy ' for the purpose of going out alone..' Oh passing through tfie gate, howeVer, the yehicle he'eame fixed in the side posts. ; , Marr dismounted and: threatened to shoot; the : groom and. hm-sfi. also, and for this Tiuvnnwn rnfiliad .in for his. revolver. .The groom, however, seeing ; tlie danger, mounted the buggy, and; drove off, and thus escaped serious consequences/i The doctor returned, revolver in hand, but " on find ing the buggy wfts gone rushed back .into the house wlioro he met his wifo in tho passage. Seeirig the revolver iff his hand Mrs Marr closed a door hotwoon thein through -which Marr fired two bullets, neither of whieh fortimately - struck his, wife. The poor woman- rushed" out into the street closely followed/ by Marr, :whose actions were more hke a , madman than anything else. Constable MfLiney, . who - was on- duty iat the time, attenipted' to arrest Marr, - hut-he drew the revolver at -the constable.' ; Helvas overpowered, however, before any damage could be drine; and lodged in the lock-up;- Dr Marr Was brought up at the Eriglphawk'.'Pohcp Court charged with shooting with intent., He was also charged ivith being drunk and disorderly., Dbfendant pieaded not guilty to lioth charges,' arid was remanded till Saturday. !; . V; 