Swearing by Telephone, Ax interesting suit has been decided by the District Court of Cincinnati—that of A. H. Pugh against the City and Subur ban Telephone Company. The question at issue was whether the word " damn" is a profane word. The case came up on an error to reverse the judgment of the Su perior Court. The petition recited that in April, 1882, the plaintiff, wishing to communicate with a certain person on business, went to the telephone in his (the plaintiff's) office and gave the custom ary signal. The operator at the Exchange called up the wrong person, when the plaintiff remarked through the telephone, " If you don't get the party I want, you may shut up your damn telephone," and it was afterwards remarked by the telephone company on the ground that profane language had been used through it, which is against the company's rules. The suit was brought to compel the com pany to restore and maintain a telephone in the plaintiffs office. The court was divided. Judges Moore and Johnson giving an opinion favourable to tbe plain tiff. The majority of the court was of of opinion that the rule forbidding the use of the profane language through the company's telephones was reasonable, and that the word " damn," whether it was to be regarded as a profane or improper ex pression, was in violation of the contract and objectionable. It was scarcely neces sary to enquire whether the word " damn" is profane or improper. The character of the expression is too plain to admit of ar gument. Although not obscene or in viola tion of the statute, it is an improper word, and the manner and occasion of its use was low and insulting. In his dissenting opinion, Judge Smith said that, admitting that the company may to prohibit the use of certainlanguage adopt reasonable regula tions, yet in the case of a doubtful or un certain expression it seemed to him that it should be distinctly pointed out as one the forbidden expressions. It is said the word "damn" is a profane expression. How what is profanity ? If we take the Decalogue it says it is taking the name of God in vain. If we look at our statute it is cursing or swearing or using irreverently the name of God, JesuB Christ, or the Holy Ghost. Profanity is an irreverent expression towards God. If we look for a definition of the word "damn" in a dictionary, we do not find it among the terms of profane expressions. The ques tion is whether in a business communica cation, where a party is excited, having failed to get a proper communication, and uses the words " Damn your telephone," that is a sufficient ground for cutting off permanently the use of the telephone, for which he has paid, and depriving him of a vested right. It seemed to him that the judgment of the court below was wrong, and that the judgment of this court was ristfit. -European Mail. 