ODD NOTES. ■Br A. BOHEMIAN. ; Tita.o'eCliona are all ovor now except Cook where Hamilton and Coopcr.makc cook-aura of getting returned in the Ministerial interest. In last Kriday's batch the Ministry pulled off all the seats save ohd, nalttoly Butledge. Ilisro would hare been anotlvr only Thddy O'Kane. stepped irn and pretentcd it.- or Frank Stabby. prcventedO'Kano from, getting elected—you can explain it which way -you please. -* ny way, by the cxerthns and persistency of j O'Kano, an out and out Ministerialist slipped ' in for tho Kennedy. This must make Thadeus ■. feel proud. It afforda proof positive of the great power and influence he possesses in that I electorate. J.iisner ought to feel very grateful 11) him, but I daresay he does not. Gratitude airong rival eaadidat's for election is a very rare virtue. It is rathor a pity that Stubloy did not reliri in favour of bis old friend and patron, seeing that he ( tubley) had bad one parliamentary innings. Turn and turn about i6 only fair. The now Assembly will lack a tone and character which Thady. would hate imparled to it, and will be in dangerof drifting into bad habits, and low, coarse lsnguago in liis absence. Thoro will be noboly to keep More, head and his subsection in check new. Of course Morohead will organise a subsection of skirmishers and sharpshooters for M'llwraith, and the gentlo arid amiable O'Kane, with his mild, persuasive tongue, and venerable appearance, would have, no doubt, been able .to .overawe Morebead wondorfully, because, ho ocly gets rampageous when he can do so with impunity. But regrets are vain. We cannot have everything our own way in this vale of tears. The Pre mier has by this' time .realised that sad fact in a very forcible manner) The elections have played the very mischief with his party in Parliament. The overwhelming majority which he and his chief supporters so confidently asserted would be' sent back to support him in carrying out land grant railways arid establish ing 1 rings" -and "syndicates" to sharo up the land among them—has all vanished into thin air. His following has actually dwindled down to little better than a third of the new Assembly. . . Still he is g ing to call them togother pretty early " for tho despatch qf business " Novem ber 6 is the day fixed. Three weeks,-come I Tuesday next. Most people think, and indeed i fay, that about the first "business" the new Parliament will " despatch" will be the Premier and his colleagues to the other side of the Assembly., I am not so sure of that, though. '1 ho party led by the Premier iB very tough, and will take a wonderful amount of beating before it will give in. Indeed, as the first Napoleon is reported to have said of , the hnglish army, our presmt Premier norer knows when hs is beaten. He does not rosm to see it. That was as positive a de feat ae it wsb possible to give him over tho Warrego BaUway Bill, but tr.e Premio.- would not admit it. Tho bill was not thrown out, be cause Sir Thomas withdrew it when be saw that there was no ghost of a chanca of carrying it through committee—and then he claimed that as a victory. Ho declared his firm determina tion to etacd or fall by that bill, and ho stood by it and would not givo tho Assembly the chance of throwing it out — he .simply withdrew it. ..That is an odd way of wianing a parliamentary victor.'; but that is how our Premier vanquishes his foes— when he cannot manage it any other way. He "was beaten in much the Baino manner over his .Ooolies from British India Bill. When he raw thsro was no ohanco of earning it in its -original form he allowed the principle cf it to be changed to pleass the majority, and then boasted in tho most triumphant manner that'that, was just the very thing ho had been striving for all along, , and was deter mined to accomplish-or die m the altompt. Then again, at: the closo : of last session _ being dcfcalod on the Transcontinental Railway' Bill, ho asked for and obtained a direoluti.n of Parliament in- order to appeal to the country on that bill, as ho felt confident a majority of tho country was with him1 on it. Having obtained his di-tolu tion, ho decided not to appoal to tlie country on that bill nt nil, but ou" romctlmig quite dif ferent. Now, although thoro is a majority of tlio now Parliament against linn on tho subjects on which .ho really ma appeal 10 the country, he may olaim that majority after all. With a man of liiB poouliar viowa'about victory and defeat, who can say that ho will not when tho hew House meets, three' weeks noxt Tuesday, bo able to show that the result of tho elections is a signal victory for his sido? To do lliis it will only be nocessnry for him' to drop land grant railways and niggers—withdraw those questions as lie did.tho Wnrrrgo Bailway bill —and cnunciato a julicy that a largo majority, of tbeTIouso must'support., if they aro, true, to, tl,oeprinoipies"thiyadvo:ated when bofore their constituents for election? 'Thero would bo nothing go very extraordinary in a move of that sort on the part of Sir Thomas* The inquiry by the Immigration Board iofc> the charges made b/ the captain against the sargeon-suporintendenfc of the" How* sherra, and the char ges made against the captain of that vewel by the surgeon-superintendent, is now over, and the board has made its report and decided that tbo surgeon-superintendent was most to blame* After reading the evidence that is the conclusion most worldly wise easy going men who always have an eye to the i main-chance would come to. The factB are | very few and simple. There were among the I single women emigrants whom the Government. | had provided with free passages to this colony, a small contingent of girls who had been benevo lently foisted oh to the Agent-General for trans mission to Brisbane. There were more of thai sort booked,' but Dr. Usher weeded out a few at the Plymouth depfit. Those few who managed to slip on board the Nowahera with" out detection soon let it become pretty evident | what their profession was, and that they were coming out to practise in Queensland. . The officers and sailors of the Rowshera finding suca congenial company on board, determined to take advantage of the. opportunities for enjoyment thus afforded by the voyage, and endeavoured to act on this determina tion. But Br. Usher, the surgeon superin tendent, stepped* in at once as a marplot, and did all he could to prevent the carry ing out of this little arrangement. He did it on the strength of a code of regulations issued by the Queensland Government, called "Instructions to Surgeon-superintendents of Queensland ships sailing under the direction of of H.M. Queensland Government." The Agent-General gave the doctor a copy of these " Instructions," with strict orders to see them carried out on board the N jwshera, but the doctor seems nob to have noticed the -wink of the eye, and the significant pointing of the thumb over the left shoulder—literally 1 or figuratively—which must have accompanied tho presentation of the hook, and the order to see the in-lractions therein carried out. This was where the Immigration Board were down on him so heavily. The idea that he should mar the enjoyment of the officers or sailors on board, and cause annoyance to their lady friendB by insisting upon carrying out his instructions, seems to have been re garded by the board as such a preposterous one, that they recommend that Dr. Usher never agiin bo permitted to take charge of emigrants to Queensland* The board seemed toAthink that what the doctor should have done was to allow these ladies to do as they pleased, ard tiken as good care of the other girls as was possible under the circumstances. But no doubt Mi punishment will be a sufficient warning to future rurgeon- superintendents of Queensland immigrant chips. A very large majority of the single young women were amenable to discipline. i his reminds me of a little anecdote 1 saw in an American paper the other day to the follow ing effect:— "Are the young ladies of the present day fit fox wives ? " aiied a lecturer of his audience. " They art fit for husbands," responded a feminine voice; " bnt the trouble is that young n»en are not fit for wires! " Tho applause was great, and so was the d scomfot tare of the lecturer. Now there was a good deal of sound sense and forcible logic in the response given by that feminine voice to that lecturer's self-conceited and priggish statement, The everlasting ringing of the changes on the unfitness of girls lo become wives. becauB© they do not know how to pre pare their husband's victuals properly, nor manage his home fls it should be, nor take care of his money, nor make him nice aud comfort- | able generally—is becoming, positively mono- : tonoos to me. It suggests Mrs Foyscr's | sharp rejoinder to old Cartel Massey— "Ave! women are foolish, sure enough , God Almighty mado 'em so—to match the men. " My own observation and ex perience, extending now over a greater number of years than I caro to reckon up, leads me to the conclusion that tho girls of mirriageaole age are, on the whole, quite as well quali fied to make good wives as the young men of marriageable age are to mako good husbands. That is my deliberate opinion. There are ex ceptions, of course, but they only prove tho rule. The fellows are, ns a rule, intensely SflGgh, exacting, and inconsiderato. They want a'l tho sacrifices mado on their own behalf, and- never seem to think that it is any pprt of Ucir duty to help their wivea orer'their little troubles, aud difKcultits. .Thoyregard the hurriage tie ns a contract« under tho Misters asd Servants Act instead^ of a deed of partnership for life with unlimited . liability. ts As the husband is the wife is," says Tenny son, and upon my word ho is right. In ninety cino ca'cs out of a hundred the wife is just what her husband p]oases to make her, and is all the better if iuthe making bo trust) how and then to her instincts ins* end of his own judgment. Excuse my prosing, dear reader, just this little bit. There is so much bumptious nonsense talked about young women not being fit to become good wives, when the young men are still more unfit to becomo good husbands so far as I can discover, that it seemed.necessary to put in this protest apropos:o£ tho American young lady's repartee, above quoted; • » 