NEW SOUTH WALES. FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] SYDNEY, December 22. THE old historical town of Parramatta, which existed before Sydney and was the original seat of government, has been very lively during the past week. Strangers know little of Parramatta except by nimo and in relation' to oranges. Yet there are many memories of the past connected with it, and the oak parks and antiquated houses speak of a glory now departed. The ghosts of old Governors may wander about there, and their peaceful calm is seldom disturbed, for a sort of dead and alive air hangs over the whole place. Just now, however, it is a scene of brightness and bustle, owing to the holding of the Juvenile Industrial Exhibition. Some time ago it was decided that an exhibition of this kind should he held, and all the preparations were made for its taking place in the Garden Palace, when that structure was destroyed by fire and the exhibits burned. Nothing daunted, however, by this misfortune, the promoters set to work again, and by a happy thought decided to erect a new building and hold the show at Parramatta. For months past they have been working, and they are now to be congratulated upon the achievement of a grand success. The building is erected on the site of the original Observatory, and is sufficiently large to afford 30,U00£t. of space for the exhibits, and this is scarcely enough, so many and various are they. All the colonies have contributed more or less, and even Fiji and New Zealand have sent in some work. The formal opening took place on Wednesday by Lord Augustus Loftus, in the presence of a large and fashionable gathering, and an ode was sung which had been written and composed for the intended ceremony at the Garden Palace. Of these inaugural odes or anthems there is seldom much to be said. Like a good many other things, they are made to order, and depend for their effect upon the ceremony of which they form part and the present is no exception to the general rule, though it was very nicely performed. A minute description of the exhibition would not interest your readers, but I may say generally that they reflect the greatest credit upon the youthful exhibitors. The classes are very varied and most of them well supplied. I believe greatly in exhibitions of this kind, especially for the young, and when they are not made into mere bazaars for the sale by pushing tradesmen of their wares and while it is to the competitors a source of pleasure, it is to others a matter of deep interest to note how far the growth of industries and industrial habits is progressing amongst the colonial youth who will hereafter be entrusted with the future of this grand country. In politics I must first note that the prospects of the Federal Council Bill are very gloomy. In fact I may go further, and say that in all probability, so far as this colony is concerned, it will be thrown overboard altogether, and a series of resolutions, possibly somewhat similar to those mooted but withdrawn at the convention! will be submitted to the Legislature instead of the bill. There is a very strong feeling in both Houses against the measure, not only as tents, substance but also as to the way in which it has been presented. As hon. members have grown store awake to the situation they are beginning to see its gravity and importance. And, following up my former remarks on this subject, I doubt whether they would have been so aroused had the convention confined itself to a mere string of resolutions. It required SUCH a douche bath as this draft, bill to shake off their lethargy. For mere resolutions are but drowsy things at their best. They are very good so far as they go and are passed sufficiently in earnest, but between mere resolve and real action there is a wide difference. You may test this in the present case by the expressed opinion that in this matter there is no necessity for urgency. Federation has waited for years and may wait a little longer. The subject must be fully considered and discussed, and to force on consideration and discussion is to pass the thing in a hurry. Such seems to be the reasoning governing the question here just now, and there is no use in pointing out its inapplicability to the question. TSalfaitina centre is our motto particularly the Homeland a tortoise should be our colonial crest. However, Mr. Dalley's speech in the Legislative Council on Wednesday must be taken to be the official Ministerial declaration, and it is very significant. He puts the case thus The fullest opportunity will be given for discussing the whole subject (when the Land Bill is disposed of being understood) and the earliest information as to the intentions of the Ministry will be given when a decision on the subject is asked from the Legislature. Mr. Dalley also made the following very significant remark: "Meanwhile I shall only say that there is very little doubt indeed that whatever course may be advocated by this colony, the other Australasian colonies have quite made up their minds to take this first step towards federation. Nothing, I think, will give them greater gratification than our participating in this proceeding ; but whether with or without it I feel little doubt that they will undertake it." On this I make no comment beyond noting that it has raised a storm of indigna- tion. The notion of a colonial federation without the inclusion of New South Wales is an absurdity. But if New South Wales will not move, what then? You have heard the result of the division on the second reading of the Land Bill, which was persistently pressed on by the Government, and ended in securing a triumphant majority. But in order to secure this result was needful to provide sleeping accommodation for that majority, to which end the Treasurer ordered up a quantity of beds and bedding from the Government stores, and placed there in the Legislative Council Chamber, where at night hon. members smoked and roasted until the time came for the division. Very naturally Mr. Calvert, the clerk of Parliaments, was extremely wrathful at this desecration of the room, and he called Sir John Hay's attention to the fact. The President wrote very politely to the Colonial Secretary, who made light of the matter while regretting " the impetuosity of the Treasurer." At this the ferocious Mr. Piddington shook his mane and delivered an oration, in which he showed that the liberties and privileges of the Council were being invaded by the Assembly under the direction of the Ministry. The Attorney-General tried to make the best of the matter, and treated it somewhat lightly ; but at last he was obliged to say that the offence should not be repeated, which, as Mr Darley remarked, was what he might just as well have said at first and saved all the other. Mr. A. G. Taylor has been occupying himself in the cheerful task of questioning the right of various members of the Ministry to their seats in the Assembly. Having started with the Minister for Education, he followed up with the Minister for Justice, and proceeds with the Minister for Mines. Nobody but Mr. Taylor probably would have adopted this piecemeal course; but Mr. Taylor is, in his own way, peculiar. The two former cases were referred to the Committee on Elections and Qualifications, but when Mr. Taylor proposed to gobble up a third man there was too much of a good thing. Mr. Abbott, the Minister for Mines, promptly said that he objected to the proceeding. He would sit and vote until his seat was declared vacant, and he was not going to submit to this sort of weeding out by Mr. Taylor and the House would have none of it either, for the motion was ignominiously defeated by 31 to 6. With regard to the other seats, the committee will not report till after the Christmas holidays ; but it is pretty well understood that should it be declared on technical grounds that there has been a neglect of the requirements of the Constitution Act, steps will be taken to put the matter right. It may be noted, however, that the omission to gazette the offices in question was the fault in the first instance of Sir Henry Parkes. The notification was duly prepared with reference to Mr. Suttor (then in the Parkes Ministry], but the Colonial Secretary did not think it worth inserting, and so it was relegated to the official pigeon-hole, from which it has only now been extracted. Another but a more serious question has arisen with regard to the position of Mr. Vaughn, the member for Grenfell. This gentlemen, it is stated, and not denied, tendered with another person for a Government contract. Their tender was accepted, and they deposited as security the sum of £500. There was something subsequently found wrong about the work to be done, and they then threw up the contract. Now the question is Can Mr. Vaughn be considered as being, or having been, a contractor within the meaning of the Constitution Act? He was not legally such, it is urged, and therefore his seat is not vacated ; but, on the other hand, it is said he was morally contracting, to which the comical rejoinder comes from an up-country member who ought to know What is a moral contractor?" Mr. Vaughn himself complains of the way in which the matter was brought forward, but he does not deny that he did send in a tender for certain work, which tender was accepted. As, however, the work was never entered upon and the contract rescinded he contends that he received no "emolument and that it, all goes for nothing. This" case also goes to the Election and Qualifications Committee, which will decide it; but; to an outsider there certainly seems to be very little difference in spirit, whatever there may be in letter, between the successful tenderers and the man who throws up the work because it doesn't suit him that is, so far as the constitutional point is concerned. Another awkward matter has been the consideration of the report of the Select Committee on Captain Armstrong's case. This gentleman was police magistrate at Lord. Howe's Island, where there is a population of 43 souls, children included. A quarrel arose between him and Mr. Moore, the director of the Sydney Botanic Gardens, and the Hon. J. Bowie Wilson was sent as a special commissioner to investigate the magistrate's conduct. He reported unfavourably, and Mr. Armstrong was removed. A Select Committee of the Assembly came to a different, conclusion, and the question now was whether their report should be adopted. Meanwhile Dr. Wilson had died, and really the discussion consisted chiefly of an impassioned appeal by Sir John Robertson in behalf of the memory of the late commissioner. It so far succeeded that the report was adopted with an expression of regret that Captain Armstrong had trafficked in drink with the inhabitants of the island, and a declaration in favour of the integrity of the Director of the gardens. Which seems to me very much like a verdict all round of " not proven, but don't do it again." And now we come to something better. Our latest venture in the money market has proved after all a great success. When the proposed loan of three millions was announced, the telegrams in relation to it were decidedly unfavourable, and we were given to understand that if it went off at all, it would be only as a sort of favour, and on the understanding that we were not to borrow again for another eighteen months. Somehow we were not at all frightened by these threats, and on the contrary instructions were given to push the loan on vigorously. The result is that it was tendered for at three times the amount, and at a most satisfactory price So much for the croakers. General matters may he very briefly summarised this week, for the Christmas holidays are at hand, and business, except in regard to the usual festive supplies, is about at a standstill. The weather has been dreadfully hot, and consequently we have received another warning from the city authorities to take as few baths and use as little water as possible. Bathing in the harbour is fearfully dangerous, and an unfortunate young man was the other day bitten to death by sharks and disembowelled by them at the same time. Boating is the favourite seasonable amusement, except for those salamanders who play cricket in the broiling sun; but it seems strange that there are so many accidents in Port Jackson, where, one would think, everybody knew how to sail a boat. It is quite clear, however, that every- body doesn't, and capsizes are of common occurrence. For tunately there are no fatal results to report ; but that is no fault of the adventurers. Another incident of the time of year is the passing of forged cheques. These valueless documents are now so constantly tendered to tradesmen that they look suspiciously at even the best paper," and on Saturday afternoon, after bank hours, it is almost an impossibility to get a cheque cashed or taken in payment. There is no doubt that a number of swindlers are about, but it is rather hard for small people who have the genuine articles about them to suffer because tradespeople have been imposed upon by rogues. And now I must tell you and your readers in conclusion a right merrie Christmas and a Happy New Year. It is an old-fashioned greet- ing, but the heartiest I know of. The ,! com- pliments of the season " is dreadfully cold, conventional, and mawkish. Therefore, as I do no want to be considered within those disagreeable categories, I repeat sincerely the kindly English greeting. ' 