-IiiND-GElNT EA.ILWAYS— A BE9TJME. 'V [COMMUNICATED.] At Townsville, on the 13tli January last, the Hon. J. M. Macrosaan made iJio following statement : — In 1872 a Builway Act was passod by tho then Government containing certain clauses ?whioh onablod them to mako arrungemonts and legulations for tho construction o£ railways on tile liind-gnint principle. At tho ond of 1873 n nnmniinv ira» fnrmprl in AfplhnurnG for tllO purposo of making a Transcontinental Builway in 187-1. A proposition was mado to tho Gov ernment for tho construction o£ a lino from tho town of Dalby to tho Gulf of Carpentaria. Tho Government that was then in powor was a liberal Government, a Government of which Maealistor was Premier. Aftor a good doal of negotiation tho company fell through, the agents doolaring that tho land through which tho railway was to pasa was not good enough ?to take iD payment for the railway. It was no orimo for a man to chingo his opinion in polities, but if ho did eo ho ought to have a good strong reason. 'i'ho very man who now so Btrongly opuoBOt) tho Transcontinental Hallway actually offorod to give, at that time, more land than was now proposed. They offered 13,500 acres of land for ovory mile of railway, while tho proposition of tho preient Government is 10,000 acrei from Ohnrloville to the Gulf watershad and 12,000 acros thenco to Point Parker ; about 1,100,000 acres, or 2,500 acros por milo less than was nccopted by tho Government ton yrars ago- That proposition foil through, becauso tho land at Dalby was apparently of too poor a character for agricul ture, though ho considered it would yet' prove payable to cultivate. ? The entire extract is misleading. Yet it was the deliberate utterance of a Crown Minister. The main object of the speaker is palpable. He accuses tho present Liberal leaders of having chauged front on the land-grant rail-, way priuciple. He implieB that inthe year 1874 they encouraged negotiations for the construction of a line of railway through the centre of the colony on a principle to which they are now averse. More than this, they were willing, inlS74, to erive more land for the work than the tenderers ask for it in 1882. So far , as the present Premier is concerned he might not, for anything that appears ia the above extract, have been connected ?with the negotiations then or now. Of course the speech from which the ex tract is taken was, partly a defence of tho land-grant system in general, and partly of the transcontinental project in particular. But the facts as they affect the Opposition are not frankly put. In the year 1872, Sir Arthur Palmer was Premier. His Government was responsible for the Enilway Act to which Mr. Macrossan referred. It was on Tuesday, Gfch January, 1S74, that the Palmer Government were defeated on their motion to make Mr. John Scott Speaker. The following day Mr. Palmer announced the resignation of himself and colleagues. On the 8th January Mr. Lilley informed the Assembly that the Hon. A. Macalister, Messrs. T. B. Stephens, AV. Hemmant, E. O. M'Devitt, and T. M'llwraith had accepted office. Mr. Geo. Thorn sub sequently joined the new Ministry as Postmaster-General. The only two of those gentlemen now in tho House are Sir T. M'llwraith and George Thorn. Mr. M'Devitt was succeeded by Mr. S. W. Griffith on 3rd August, 1S74. Mr. M'llwraith resigned on the 24th of October in the same year, and wiis 111\. *]»*? TT TO 1T1 ? ?»/!*_. succeeded uy mr. xx. xi. iviug. mr. J. E. Dickson did not join the Ministry till 10th May, 1876. ' .-..- Mr. T. M'llwraith waB Minister for Works from. January to [October, 1874\. During his term of office a pro posal was received from Messrs. Collier and Co. for the construction : of arail way.on the land- grant system, to com mence at Dalby and terminate at Normanton on the shore of the Gulf of Carpentaria. The cost of the line, including surveys, was to be £5,000 per mile. Land was to be granted, in square blocks of five miles each at the rate' of 10,000 acres per mile from Dalby to the head of the Thomson river, and of 20,000 acres from the head of that i river to tho Gulf; or pro rrata for any less expenditure than £5,000 per mile. At the time this proposal was mado it was generally supposed that it had been instigated and encouraged by Mr. M'llwraith. 'Whether there was any ulterior purpose on his part of a closer connection with the project should it finally be executed was a matter of much conjecture. Tho nego tiations did not progress to his satisfac tion. The Cabinet would not hurry them. In a moment of weakness some member of the Cabinet ' supplied the material for a paragraph in the Brisbane Courier relating to the un satisfactory progress of the negotiations. That paragraph gave great umbrage to XUa. J.TJL XlTT-lifcluii, WiiU iflUULUU -11* no tb breach of confidence.. Did not the ?offence rather lie in tho implication that a break-down in the negotiations was imminent ?. All tho charges and evasions ? in Parliament, a few months later, received just as much public cre dence as they merited. On the 14th of Fobruary, 1875, the ? Government received an amended offer from Collier and Co. It requested the 'Government to pay for the construction ?of the railway from Dalby to Eoma ;at the rate of £5,000 per ,'mile, a» .'the land between, those places .was not.con ?flidered good enough for the purpose of the company. ? They would make tho lailway; .the. State might pay for it. iPor the length of lino ' from JJoma to ?the meridian of Tambo.they asked for ?10,000 acres per anile, or two acres for ? each1 .pound sterling expended up to £5,000, per mile. .-.' Prom Tambo to tho Thomson River three acros for , each pound ; thence to the Gulf four acreB for s each pound . up : to £6,000 ; or 31,000 acres. per mile. The Govern ment was not . to sell any of the blocks ?intervening those' to be grasted to the company for a period of three years after Collier and Co. should have re ceived deeds of grant. . . These details have- been gone into for the purpose of recalling to the minds of vthe people of; (Queensland tho exorbitant \- requirements which were advanced by a '.company which had been assumedly formed at the instigation of/ Mr. Thomas J\a.\liwraitn. He would, it may be . taken ibr granted, hare conceded all . that was requested. Ho knew the character of- tho country through which the lino would pass hotter, probably, than any man who was onenly connected with the company. The tfchemo had been evolved from Ids bold, sagacious, speculative mind. The idea of a transcontinental land-gVant rail way'had, with him, grown into a con viction. Ho hold it tenaciously. 3?or four years ho kept tho .one great central object of his many-Bided ambi tion in view. He patiently bided his time. He had not found the Liberal party pliable enough for his purpose ; so he deserted them ; adapted his temperament to his changed posi tion; instead of the- assertiveness and obstinacy which had char acterised his brief official career, ho became a diplomatic and suave manipulator of men. Being a man with a purpose he first bent himself, thon sot himself to bend thoso around him to that purpose. When Mr. Palmer resigned the leader ship of the then Opposition Mr. M'll wraith succeeded him. In January, 1879, after tho last general election, the Douglas Government was defeated. Mr. M'llwraith was entrusted by His Excellency the Governor with the duty of forming an Administration. He succeeded, and met the House, after re-election, on the 13th of May. The session lasted four months. Imme diately after the close of the session, an important event in the private life of the Premier occurred, and ho took his bride on a wedding tour to Groat Britain. There was colonial business to be done in London, and the Premier amply proved that he could combine business with pleasure. Shortly before he left London on his return journey he sent a UllUlUgriLlll iaj Ilia uuucngu^o uuuuuuv ing the formation of a 'powerful syndicate' for the construction of the transcontinental railway. Mr. Griffith, in a single speech in the Assembly, so completely shattered the character of that syndicate that no more was heard of it. In the interval between the Premier's return to the colony and the demolition of his second land-grant syndicate the notorious steel rails scan dal had arisen. The Premier, after learning that Mr. Griffith intended to go to London to assiit in tho steel rails inquiry, himself decided to go on the same errand. During that visit he scented tho air of aristocracy, ob tained introductions to my Lord this, the Honourable that, and Goneral the other. . Out of the material thus brought under his notice he succeeded in getting a third transcontinental land grant syndicate formed. This last combination still holds to gether. It is to a considerable extent bound by family ties. General 3?eild ing came to Australia, traversed the colony of Queensland, made proposals to tho Government of such an. ex M'llwraith was not courageous enough to place them before Parliament. Then Mr. H. ICimber, solicitor for the syndicate, dropped in amongst us ? with the silence and secrosy of a ghost. His movements were of a remarkably un obtrusive character until ho burst on the people of the north in the full glory of a representative syndic. Why he accompanied the Promier to the northern towns is a mystery, unless it was for the purpose of expatiating to the northerners on the advantages to Queensland of allowing a number of British and French capitalists tho opportunity of speculating with a lot of money for the primary good of the colony. On' his return to Brisbane he formulated a new proposal — the sequence, doubtless, of many conversa tions with the gentleman who started on that journey an ' Honourable ' Minister, and returned a ' Sir ' Knight. There is no need here to discuss the merits of tho syndicate's second offer. Its salient points are now being debated in Parliament, and the fate of tho agreement made between the Governor in-Council and Mr. Henry Kimber will bo probably decided in a few days. If the matter be referred to the popular vote, we have not much doubt what that will be. Revision Couiitb.— Courts for tV.o revision of the quarterly lists and the registration of new. names for tho oleotoral districts ' of Bulimba and Morefcon, wore lield at tha Police Ofllce yesterday. Messrs. E. W. Weedon and J. Wateon sat for Bulimba, and Messrs. J. H. Adams and B. Mitchell for Moreton. The lists, wore duly revised, and in tho former 72 new names 'wero entered on tho register, and in the 1nl.f.m» -)2. A nnm-k f.-»i- 'RVii'Hi-.ii(l« Vnilttv twoa held bofore J. D. Heal and S. Pole, but was not concluded. Courts for the electorates of Oxloy, North Brisbane, South Brisbaoo, and Enoggora wore adjourned by tho Acting Clerk of Potty Sessions, as thoro were no magistrates present who reside in the districts. Mb. Black and Eo3Bwood. — Wo {Queens land Times of 'yesterday) understand that Mr. Hume Black, 11.1/ A., in responso to an invita tion by Mr. J. B. L. Isambert, M.L.A., will shortly pay a visit to Bosowood with th-» object of making inquiries into the cultivation of sugar in that di»tr'ct. It is probablo that these gontlomeu will bo aecompanitd by tho Hon. A. Norton, Minister for Works. As far as wo can learn tho following places will bo visited by them 6n the occasion, which will probably be Saturday noxt : — Captain Bao's, and MessrB. J. L. EVedcrich's, H. Trono's, and T Ii Smith's. They will most likely thon proooed to Tolle galla, and roturn to tho Rosewood Gate in ordor to moot tho evening train. i -Finances opWewZeaiand.— A 'Wellngton tolegram to the S. M. Herald states that tho xiun. iuujor AT.Kinaon, .^oionmi jl reasurer or Mow Zealand; delivered his Budget speech on the 27th ultimo. The total expenditure last year wns £3,688,381; the ordinary revenue was £3,470,250, boing £70,750 over tho estimate, but the CuBtoms receipts were £5,537 urulor thoeuti mate. Oho land revonuo amounted to £272,805, nrid tho land expenditure to £ 1 97, 101 j tho public works expenditure against loan amounted to £897.037, leaving a bulanco unoxpended of £1,017,725. The not public debt readied £28,508,581. The not proceeds of last loan after all o.tpenc 03 had been deducted amounted to £972,297. Koyiowing ihe stato of trade, the Treasurer said it was not satisfactory, owing to over importation, which ucoountod for existing depression ; but lhr-' substantial in crease in amount --f SaviDgs Bank deposits, the increase of life assurance businoss, und tho rapid development of manufacturing industries, justi fied confidence in a prosperous future if publicly and privately colonists agreed to live within their means. Tho ordinury revenue for tho ourront year was estimated at £8,573,800, with uoaltorod taxation. Ihe ostimutod oxpondituro was £3,061,496, loaving a deficit of £52,147, whioh it was proposed to meet by an incroaso of property tax of a furthing in tho pound, yield ing £85,000. The estimated land rovemio was £362,161 j oxpondituro, £233,t;8O. The on oouragomont givon to sottlomont in small hold ings by deferred payments and porpetual loases was considerably affecting the land revenue by dooreasing receipts j but tho policy waa good. The Governmont proposed to ask for the ap pointment of a committeo to conBidor a sohorno to reorganise and classify tho Civil sorvico, and hoinvited discussion of a sohome for compul (off national insurance, with the viow of Bub milting a bill for publio consideration. 