A SHOT IN THE DARK THAT LED TO A COURTSHIP AND MARRIAGE. (BY GILBERT STUART.) It was a 25 calibre, and carried, a leaden pellet no larger than a pea. It did not look very formidable, and, in fact, was not, but when Eva put it into what she was pleased to call her pistol pocket, in the rear of her dress, she felt be safe as if she bad the escort of a regiment. . . * What are you doing with that pop gun 1’ said Cousin Jack to her one morning, as he observed her patting her her armory in her pocket preparatory to going out. That’s my beau, if yon please, sir; he sees me safely along these, four dark blocks when I come home at night.’ ‘ Just let me look at that gun, will you T said Jack. * Pshaw ! you couldn’t hurt a mouse with it. Come, I’ll let you shoot at me all day for a nickel a shot. Hurt me 1 Not a bit. - Sat why in the name of the gnardian angel of all young women do you want to carry a pistol V 1 Well, Cousin Jack, you know that it is late when I leave the store, and I cannot always have company. It’s a dark walk from the cars over here, and I thought I saw a sneaking fellow follow me one night. I shall be ready for him the • next time. I don't intend to be robbed or bothered if I can help it. Don’t think I can’t shoot. I have been practising a little, and shall make it Very uncomfortable for the coming sand beggar as sure as my name is Eva.’ ‘ But you couldn’t hurt anybody with that thing, you know.’ Couldn’t II Don’t you get in front of It, that’s all. Goodbye, I must hurry along.' Jack looked after her as' she tripped down the steps,' and laughing said— ‘ She’s a dandy and no mistake.’ Then as he caught sight of a dainty boot with a little glint of white above it, as she crossed the street, he repeated—•“ A dandy; well, I should say she was, and as pretty as a picture. What shall we do with our girls 1’ ' Eva Barton was 23, and a saleswoman in the great establishment of Hetschell, Shield, and Cos. She was rather under than over the medium size, somewhat alight in figure, but compactly formed, every gesture and movement denoting energy and character. Her cheeks were ; like lilies, and her eyes of limpid blue, such as Solomon would have described as being “ like the fish pools of Heshbon by the gate of Batbrabbin ;" that divine blue, capable of expressing every passion of the soul. , ’ It was more in her expression than in her features that she was beautiful. She knew how to dress, and the art of bestowing the simplest ribbon or flower on her neck or hair in such a way as to lend elegance and refinement to her toilet. If she had been French they would have said she had chic. No English phrase can exactly describe what c hie is, but we Jail know it when we see it. It is style, and something more. It is the knack of doing or of being in the best form. It is not fashion, but is to fashion what poetry is to prose. It is entirely a feminine attribute, but all women do not possess it. When a woman has chic, Asa cannot wither her, nor custom stale Ht-r infinite variety; other women Cloy tb' appetite they feed; but abe makes hungry Whom she satisfies. Eva had chic. She had come to the great city to make her own way in the world, not that she was obliged to,fant, because she wanted to. Her mother was dead. Her father’s second wife was one of her own schoolmates. Home was pleasant enough after a fashion, but. a glimpse of the great world and business ways is a good thing for sensible girla.. So Eva came and took up quarters with Aunt Bascom. Having some knowledge of ribbons and dry goods she got a place in Herschell. Shield and Go's., commencing at 5 dol lars a week. She was now getting 20, and was considered the best saleswoman in the store. She had such an art of displaying goods, of throwing them on her arm or over her shonldera that the ladies were obliged to buy. They could not help it. ■ Cousin Jack, or more properly, John Bascom, was teller in the Sonth-western National. He was 25,••and .was per fectly loyal to one woman, that was his mother. Whatever he-did he did for her, 1 1 don’t think I shall ever get mar ried,’ Jack would say to himself. 1 They come too high, and besides, I don’t see any-like my mother.’. Toward his cousin Eva he had always felt in a paternal sort of way, and he would deal out to her large chunks of fatherly advice, fitted for almost any occasion. The pistol episode amused Jack not a little. Every now and then through the day-he would mutter‘She is a dandy, but I guess I shall ■ have to give her a lesson of some kind;’ and an inward paroxysm of suppressed mirth would almost choke- him. He went to bed that night with hts head full of unde fined practical Jokes, but all having a sort. of centrepiece in Eva and her pistol It was only at the breakfast table that : the family met, for Eva took her lunch at the store, and was always late to dinner. . The next morning Jack commenced on Eva: ‘Well, my Amazonian little saleslady, did you slay any sand-baggers last night]’ ‘I am not a saleslady, I want you to know, Cousin Jack.’ ‘What! been promoted again }’ ‘ No, I am not promoted, and I am not a saleslady. I am a saleswoman. If there is one word I despise mote than another it is saleslady. Ho you say salesgentleman 1 I suppose you are a tellergentleman in the South-western.’ • ‘ No,’ said Jack, ‘ I am a gentlemanly teller.’ - .‘You may joke, but I tell you I abominate saleslady. Why can’t girls and women have as much sense as men ] Are we to say kitchenlady, cooklady ]’ ‘ Every woman is a lady by her right of sex,’ said Jack. ‘ Doubtless that's true, but why should we American girls be so distrustful as to be constantly announcing ourselves as ladies ] We. are ladies if we act suit ably to whatever place we are in. Others may call themselves salesladies, if they choose, but for myself, I am a saleswoman, and when it is necessary to refer to me in that capacity, I prefer to be called so. Think of a man advertis ing for a place as sales gentleman ! Hu would get it, I guess 1’ ‘ Bravo! bravo! my belle cousin. Another new departure. Here is a sales woman, armed cap-a-pie. Well may the philosopher ask, whither are . we tend ing } _ Are there any more young women in your store of your mind ] ‘Yes, a few; but the great majority are and prefer to be salesladies^ ‘I hope; coz,.yon don’t.consider your self a woman with a mission]’ • ‘No, sifj I am not a woman with a mission. The strongest points about my sex are their weaknesses, and one of their, weaknesses, is to be called sales ladies. I don’t believe I could reform that out of them if I tried. I like the name lady. It implies dignity, refine ment and good breeding. Don’t let us drag it in the mire. Every saleswoman can be a lady if she chooses, but she is not a lady simply - because she stands behind a counter and sells goods to customers. Sales lady! Sales fiddle stick ! ’ and Eva started up and off with | an energy that almost made Jack’s head swim. ‘My opinion is that'she is a dandy,’ soliloquized Jack. ‘But the pistol idea is not a good one. She must give that up. She’ll hurt herself some time, and then I should reproach myself. I can’t argue her out of it, that’s certain, but I shall, finti a way.’ Jack continued in a brown study nearly all day. In the evening ha came home to dinner, but strolled out immediately after. He had ah idea, and was going to work it out. . Eva left the store as night was fall ing. , She' had a long ride in the car,- and by the time she reached her crossing 'it was pitch dark, and the scattered gas lamps only tended to make the darkness more visible. She was not a timid girl, but she: never did like that long walk alone at night. Quickly adjusting her dress, and putting her hand in her pistol pocket, she started forward. As she did so she saw a figure stealing along the opposite side of the street. and then crossing toward the path she must take. She hurried along, and so did the figure now in front of her, -When she slack ened her pace so did the figure. The street was deserted, but. Eva gave her pistol a tighter grip and moved on coura geously. Just as they got to the middle of the darkest block the figure'turned and came toward her. It loomed up in I the darkness like a giant She spoke quickly, ‘ Out of my way, sir!’,. No' answer. Crack went the little pistol. The figure never heeded it. Crack agaip. ‘ Great Scott, Eva, do you want to kill me]’ howled Jack, as he felt a sharp pain rush through his upper- arm. I I Great Scott * put up that gun. Don’t I you know nie ] Jernshal Whew 1 You've blown my arm' off. Don’t you know me ]' and Jack capered around;pn the sidewalk holding his arm, while the warm blood commenced to trickle out at his cuff. I Eva stdod almost dazed. ‘ Oh, John, why did you not speak ] Who did you act so ] Have I hurt you ] Are you killed } Are -, you dying ] What shall I do ] Come, hurry home -; don’t die here in the street; let me carry you; let me support you. It’s only a short way home, Here, lean on me.” And Eva clasped him round the body I and rushed, him forward. . Jack felt as if ho was being wafted through the air by fairies. They hurried up the steps and into the house, Mrs Bascom met them. 1 , ‘ Why children, what’s the matter 1 John is as pale ns a ghost, - What is it,. Eva ] Look at John’s hand, all covered with blood 1 Where have you been, and what has happened ]' ,: They jerked off Jack’s coat and rolled up his sleeves. Siire'enough: there was a little bullet-hole in the fleshy part of the upper arm. It had gone through, but touched no bones.' 'lt was not very serious, and Mrs Bascbin soon dressed and bound it up. As Jack marched off to his room he looked at Eva humour-, ously and said: ' - - ‘ You are the dandy, and no mistake. But you can now see that pistol is of no account,’ • There were four more charges in it; Cousin Jack.’ v ; •- ‘I believe I don’t .want anyi mpreLof. .them tp-night. .1 J hope I 'can pse piy, arm to-morrow.’ Jack lay awake a long time thinking over the matter. He had been very stupid. He felt that. What * would Eva think of him. And whaVa girl she was 1 What intrepidity and character ! That girl is a treasure, thought Jack, as he floated off into the land of dreams. As for Eva, she did hot sleep a wink. She could hardly accuse herself —of wrong, and yet she could not excuse herself. To think that she had wounded Jack was terrible. She might 'have killed him. Even now he might lose his arm. How dreadful. And on. her sleepless pillow she upbraided herself the whole night through. One thing she determined to do. As soon ha It appeared that Jack’s;, arm was all right she would return home. Jack appeared at the breakfast-table, his arm somewhat stiff and sore, bat hot much more painful than if he had been newly vaccinated. He tried a'feeble' joke or two, but both Eva and Mrs Bas- 1 com felt too serious for much conversa tion. Sr-; ‘ Eva thinks she will go home,’ said Mrs Bascom. ‘What? ’ said Jack, a sharp pain run ning quickly through his breast, sharper than the pain in his arm. f ‘Eva says she will return to Black water in a day or two.’ 'v; ■ ‘I don’t think you ought to, Cousin Eva.’ ' ' ' ; ‘Yes, John, I-think I must.’ ; A little later Jack and Eva were, standing side by side in the parlour. ‘I suppose, Eva, it maybe best for you to.return home for the present; but do you know I am wounded in curably?'. , £ ‘Don’t.say that.! Oh, it can’t be so!’ ‘Not in my.arm, dearest, but Jn my heart.’"' . - . . ‘Oh 1 Jack.’,. /. . ‘And if you go home now, may I come for you soon and make this'your home ?’ ‘ ' !-s Eva . looked dp into Jack’s eyes, her own full of light and love, and gently whispered— ; . . ‘ Yes, John.’ ' < ; ’ ‘Then,: said Jack, as he clasped her in his arms, ‘it was the luckiest shot in the dark I ever heard of.’ 