HANLA.s'S LATJh' ST VIOTOY. In conecotion with Harlan's victory over Kennedy at Point. of Pines, Rovero Beach, Boston, Mass., on May 20, and which was duly notified by cable in our Saturday's issue, the London Itforce of March 20 says: -Hanlan is an undoubted celebvriy, butl the sameno can hardly be said of Kennedy, ivhos'e rowing that is, his championship :rowing-has 'hitherto been done in the columns of "his own Press"-i.o., in'the columns of the newspaper which has been engaged to di the necessary bouneting and bearing up for him. The raoe was arranged to take place at high water, ( p.m., May 30, 1883, Decoration Dey. This being a great holiday in the States, it is expected that many thousande of anxious sightseers will be present, everyone of whom will have to pay some pecuniary tribute or other to the greatness of the occasion. I :am informed on what pio. foeses to be authority, and which eorlainly should be well in to know, thiat very fine torine have been made by bothi Banlan and Kennody the railway' and steamboat com. panies, the hotel and lodw.ing .house keepers, . the . proprietors of padding kons, the pool-sellers, hell owners, and all others who may fairly-or unfairly expoot to make profit dut of the race being hold whore it is to beoheld, having sub scribed munifioently. Elxoept that it is better to got the major rather than the minor sharo of a cutting up stakes,.theroe really seems to be no ppartiIular reason why either man should'much cave for the result of the opening contest.. Hanlan would lose a good bit of, his reputation if he .wore de feated by Kennedy, but, the loss of a pro fdssioniil. sohllor's reputation, no! matter how glorious iand how splendid such repu tatlon may soemui in the hour of victory, shojuld not, grieve him over-muioh, The champion bln found more than once Lhat, direotly the gloss of anocess has worn olf, he hns to submit to all sorts of unpleasant ness, * * * On publio fnrm Kennedy has not the ghost of a ohano of boating .Haulan, Notwithstnnding this, all sorts o0 attempts are being nadeo- ospeolally in duuh papers as snmo timb hbanck, for reasons best known to themealves, began to glorify Kennedy-to know tht t oven if ie hans not sunoh a very g0dliood hne 'of defeclting IaulnIlu h le has nob suob a very bad one. Kennedy may turn out tobe' a veritablo wondor ' if so; it is vury sutrprislon that ho his nob take n an earlier opportunity of ox hibitlng, his wonderualness. If hel roely is good onoigh to beat' HIlanian, he might have made lialf-a-dozoer l nmatoeies with u. ferior'men first;, and beatn ,thoem one by onoe'. It seems strangeo hoe hoild want to throwaway the immonsanoamoult bf monoy thabth soouild thus have hooeen mridoe by liim- and Konnody be up till 'now mhovr shown tany disroegard for this world's goods or any desire to'turn his baok upon money. The most wuondoerfulaparnt of the man's htstory is thlat, although' his name is very woell known, and he hase boon the subjeot of an' imnmonse amnountof nower apeor parnagrnatphl6g, hohlnas nuext to no publia rooord,. Ho rowed in a r?ogatta once, and tlhincs he might have iwon it If someof tihe others had had fits anu feallen overboard, andl he himsemlf had boon able to row agood bi fanestor, Speaking for myself and mysolf only,. I thlni there 'i no more reaqon for supposing the raoo boetween Keonnoedy and Hauluan is to be ma raOoe, aoccording to our notions of racing tbnn it would be one, if the ob'mpetitor, woro still Hlantllan of the ono p rt and 'fluboar, our neowost oandidlto for hlig olass honours aewo kndw them no:v, of thoothtne 'lBrbear'e ,publl pIerforoCeiquoesc mru no and bothtr ti'in thle public performances of Kennedy; yet if Bubear were going to row Haulan a race either right away or touch and turn upon any fair day and fair course, I don't think there are many people who would expect to see Hanlan beaten. For all that I don't doubt that Bubear woul have a cut in, if the railway companies and the steamboat companies and the publicans and the sinners and the bookmakers and Lho wholk sellers and all who expected to make profit out of the affair, guaranteed him a good deal more than the more return of his own money. 