THE HANDS OF JUSTICE. , BY "WV ROBINSON. Antbor. of. "Grandupother'a Money" Coward Conscience^l,,A Woman's Eanaomr "For Hei Bakes" &Ci;,-&c.; ' Published by special arrangement with tbe author. ■ All rights reserved. BOOK THE SECOND-hBTYE YEARS AEEBBWABDS. : OHAPiEE T^L—KixTy's Engagement. Kate Vanch and Lucy's child were very .close,upon them now,. and.Morice; catching sightof her mother, and having , had for. the time enotigh of her new friend* let go Kitty's hand and ran towards her. " Mamma, mamma—what a time they have kept you awayl" she cried with all the in« gratitude of her sex. "She was, beginning to, fret for you, er-t plained Kate, " I am gladyouhave come half way to meet us, Mrs. Brake." " She is nervous, like her mother, I am afraid. It'is my.one fear," she said to John Woodhatch, by way of explanation. "Don't fearany thing,"he answered gruffly, " she is a brave, strong child enough. You : should let her come to Farm Forlorn for a few. weeks, Lucy. Eh, Morice—haw will that do?? " Oh! yes, yes—I should like to," cried the child. * ■ "No, no—I couldn't part with her,"said "the mother, ; "Come with her, and bring your father, v too, as in the old days." ■ - "Presently—presentlyj" she replied with a faint smile,wnen I have the courage again,. For I want to see the farm very much. It was like home to me once—when1 Morris was alive.". "Ah! yes—exactly. Kitty)" said John ' Woodhatch very quickly now, "Ibave taken the liberty of telling Mrs. Brake of your engagement to our friend, Greg. You will not object to my forestalling you with this importantftews ?" She smiled and shook, her-head, whilst the icolor, mounted rapidly into her face. " Is it so great a secret?" she asked. " Mrs. Brake did not know of it till just .now;", " Indeed," answered Kitty, She looked askance at, Mrs. Brake, as if in doubt how the news might have affected the : young widow—andwondered very much at the intentness of her gaze. It was a steady, searching gaze which even embarrassed Kitty ' a little, and she turned from , her to John Woodhatch. with a. quick,- appealing look. "I have.told her. theengagement is about a v. year old, and that you . love each other very : much,!', said. Woodhatch, as if in answer to . her glance; or in explanation-r-or as if, Lucy . thought suspiciously again, to put her on her guard, "that1 is right, I'hope?" ^Ihopeso, sir. Ihope so," waa the rapid ^ answer. : "Gregory has kept his engagement very much ofa secret from usall," said Lucy. "That is-very natural," resiionded Kitty Yanch, " I: have not mentioned it to any one except Mrs. Brake. I—I.think it was under* 'Btood' it was to be a secret for awhile, Mr. ; Woedhatch ?j; Wasit hot ?" She. looked .at John Woodhatch as if she were ifi doubt herself, but open to correction. " Yes. We did hot want all Skegs Shore to talk.t of : this, before its time," John :• answered; Lucy :cotdd say nothing.against keeping an „ engagement secret, but there was still an air " of' doubt, almost of: bewilderment, upon her face, which r John Woodhatch r could not account for; and which perplexed him in his turn. " And when is'the happy event to come off, Miss Yanch ?", asked Lucy, after.au a ykward pause. — . " In a: few- weeks," John Woodhatch answered for-her. : "So soon!5-' (." And ypu will, not be sorry, I suppose?" asked Woodhatch. " Sorry r' exclaimed: Kitty, frankly, " oh, no." \- " You love Greg very much.1 You have not repented Of.- saying, yes to. his proposals," , Woodhatch said ; jestingly—but it was heavy .and unnatural jesting;Lucy thought. ' " God knows I shall be very, very happy," was the/fearless answer, "and. I; hope God will give me power to make him very nappy, too." ' "Ybulovehim.so deeply, then?" enquired Lucy. ^ " With all my heart. I would die for him, if he asked: me. Is that love deep enough, madam?" she answered almost passionately, " ia^-that- how you ladles- born love your sweethearts, I wonder?" Yes, Lucy Brake had ho longer any doubt in-her mind of the depth of Kitty Yanch's affection, which startled her by its fervour, its outspokenness. It was a face'strangely mobile—and swayed by every varying emo tion—into which Lucy looked. She was amazed at the animation which.colored it, brightened and gave life to it, at the shadow which passed across it again, and then was : followed by new light and hope again. An .extraordinary young woman this, excitable' and impulsive, but evidently fond of Gregory Dorward. "Well,I.hope you and Gregoiy will be very happy together;" said Lucy, "you have -my best wishes.. And may your love^nd hap piness last,longer than mine did* is all the harm I wish you both." "Thank yon, Mrs. Brake. I will tell Greg that;if I may?" she said. : "Yes—tell-him that," murmured Lucy Brake, then she extended her hand to Kitty, wished her good morning, shook hands with John Woodhatch,' wished him good, morning also, and* went upon her way. V She' walked homewards at almost a swift rath of progres sion, and the look of perplexity.upon her face did not- die away as-she proceeded; -Kitty's Yanch's straightforward and unflinching ex planation of the htate of her feelings had con vinced her of the young woman's, love—but it •was none the less impressed upon her that she was hardly fit for Greg, that there was an on : suitability, about the match impossible to ex plain, and yet remarkably evident to the kwidow. Who was this Kitty Yanch?—where ..had she come from.to rise np like.a. ghost in this way, and to be companion, even .friend of 'the bitter-tongued woman whom she had left upon the sands ;. Were there new mysteries croppingup around her at Skegs Shore; and in the strange folk whom she was.-meeting on her pathin. life, were there to. follow now strange actions and conceits, perhaps terrible >'mistakes? • ; r . She walked'on, rapidly with' Morice trot ting-by her side, and asking a- hundred ques tions, to which, the youBg mother did not reply by scarcely swingle word. Thero wa3 one grim; fact .beforbher; she believed, and it was not easy, to face, or to comprehend. Let her make haste-home and think it' over, and \- take her father into hef confidence, if it were necessary, and .she. thought it might .be neces sary'very soon^ - . What a deal she had to telLhim! What a deal had happened since she had left him . sitting in the sunshine that morning! •• (tto "be continued.) 