ECHOES OF MELBOURNE. IB (By Tsec.GAostc.] Sept.28. Ts The Tramweay Bill, the Hallways Maniagement Bill, the Swanston-street B1 Bridge Bill, and a Supply Bill for close upon a million sterling, passed through their final stages, besides the forward- be ing by a stage of the Harbour Trust w Bill, and one or.two other loss important s measures, constituted the veek's work in e the Legislative Council, which only sat on Tuesday and Wednesday. The record of oi the Assembly is not quito so satisfactory, y olthougt doh third roiding of the Mallee ti Settlement Billi' and the passago of the hi Barbour Trust and Supply Bill show that w a. certain amount of progress has ben te made with the business of the countr/. co But there has beau' during the list few days some manifestation of the disease of cacocthes loquendi, which so direfully m afflicted honourable members during last cO session, and iunder the rule of the Roi re fainuant, Mr. Service, no measures have co been taken to chock the spread of the th complaint. Twice has the formal adjourn- 0 moot of the House been moved in order 05 that lhon. gentleman with hobbies to rideo might trot them out, and " the Major " who is nothing if not a soldier, and anl authority on land monopoly, has occupied a considerable amount of w public time in giving the world his i. opinions in regard to these two important questions. Mr. M'Coll, too, has had an innings, and it goes without saying his fi subject was irrigation. By the way, th would it be considered curious to ask whether the lion, member has kept his tI vow of never more touching whisky until lie could reduce the potent liquor by M water from his canal 7 The heart of Mr. Woods must now be hi gladdened at the thought that his merits as an inventor are at length to obtain CI C some recognition. £3000 are to be paid fi the Woods Brake Company at once, asiid tt the apparatus is to be tested on half the railways of the colony, the other moiety I beings fitted with the Westinghouse in- t vention. The decision arrived at by Mr. GiClies is considered far from satisfactory. A One of the brakes must.be suporior to the other, and in any case, therefore, half k the expenditure incurred will be virtually A wasted in providing an inferior article: l Should the WVestingliousoe prove superior lei to tie rival brake, Mr. Woods will turn out to be an exponsive legislative luxury. of What between the ventilation, of ' the Assombly and the brake experiments, he will have cost the country £20,000 ir Whether he is "lear at the price " is a i vexed question. Having waited to see what way the sat was likely to jump in regard to the length of tenure of the B blocks in the Mialleo at Settlement Bill, and discovered that the. , saltatory movement was in favour of the ti original five years' tenure proposed in the ti bill, the Government, although they had m previously intimated their intention to ci give way, determined on a display of a, "back bone," and announced through the r Attorney-General that they intended to th "stick to their bill." However, when re the monaure returns from the Council, B the terms of thi lease will have been ex- 5 tended from five to ten, or at all events to, m seven years-and then the iinflexible ci Ministorial vortebrmu will be bent. pt What aineaningleoss asam is the custom tr of adjourning the' House of which a a1 decansed legislator has been a member, as p a taken of respect to,his memory ! Would at it not be far more seemly on the part of t those with whom the departed hias been at associated as a public man, were they h, to followeto, their filial reuting place the bi remainesof their fllow 'member? These 51 quoestioh6 suggest thoimsolven by the fact re that at the funeral of the late Mr. m M'Grogor only three honourable gentle. w mon of the Assembly deemed it ca incumbont upon themselves to attend. C0 Mr., Nimmo, the colleague of the lit deceased 'in the ropiesentation of tl Emerald Hill, was present at the a fsuneral, and Sr Charles M'5alhon w and Mr. Bent also attended. But the b members of the party, with which E Mr. Nl'dregor was so long identified, a and the Ministry lie had followed so faithfully . during his parliamentary ui careor, where were they 7; Coispicuous ri by their absence ! 'DDead meo have no d votes; why should asty trouble bottakee . in their regard 7, Le Itoiests mort; ivele he c Roi! It 'is the cominig, not the past re- li preseitativo of Emerald' Hil'' thit it is now thought worth whileoto hlonour. Mr. , M'Grigor was certainlyfar from being a 'a political lion. Nevertheless he has served 1i to illustrate the proverb anent the live i ass being worth any number of defunct individuals of the leonine species. a The robber of the Commercial Bank t has been found out, and what is perhaps p of more iiiportance-at all events to the g shareholders-the whole of the atalon e bullion and notes recovered. No credit is, however, due to the dtective police, I who, but for the smartness shown by Mr. Thorn, the manager of' the Bourke-stroet Coffee Palace, would never have surmised that Mr. Clinton and Mr. Corbett were 1 one and the same individual. The thief 1 has, however, now made all the repara. tion in his power. Will the bank act int the same manner towards the clerk they dismissed some time since when arobbory ,f of a thousand sovereigns took place, and rehab litate. his fair fame by re- placing I him in his former position on teller 7 If ever man deserved hanging, Robert Francis Burns, the wretch who a day or two since suffered death at the hands of the public executioner, in the Aratat gaol, most certainly did. It has been said that the worst use you can put a man to is to hang him. This may perhaps be true as regards average humanity. But Burns was an exceptionally coldblooded murderer, and it is difficult to see to what better use he could have been put. Was it a spirit of bravado,; or was it remorse that prompted the criminal on the brink of eternity to make a confidante of the hangman and tell him, when on the drop, that he "had done eight of 'em!". Ths opparontly interminable Strong Sembreglia hue reachted atiother stage of'1 Sdeeelopmeist. Tue congregation of tlis a Scott Cliurcho have met, anid retolnod Safter a twoo nigists' diecussoisn, and whith tonly 18 dissontients, to take' eteps to 0seaparate from this torcalyterians Chuircisof '1Victoria, and to revert to the position st aoccupied previnus to the act of. usoion. SThis will necessitats as Act of Parlia -mesit, and it remains to ho soon whethor ntho congregation will be pawerfisi enetuch -to engiseer thse nueasure thiroaight. the SLegislature. flow this decisios will affect 5 thse qiicscions between Mtr. Streuig, Mur. aM'Eachsren, and clue Goasrel P'rohbyteriasu is Assiombly, still resoalos to be seen. Ansy. 6-how, thse quarrel is a very pretty asse as d it stunds. Thse triumph of Mr. Strong's, 0 proeesutert is hasrdly 'likely 'to be~com *r meonurate wIth tlue trouble they have d bees atto scure it, and the reV, gentle. men swho have been at ischs puisis to drive '5 Mr. Stronog out of his ehuroli are mucs its 0 the position of " thee engisicer hoist withs Cf his sosn potard." The Scot. Clsurchs are v.adhereisto of Mr. Strong first, anid of Ilso 11Preutmytorian body. afterwards. d Tue. diverve case of Bolam e. Bolaii a- has lermninaited, after a five days' lucucing. I, After the close of the petitioner's ease tlse '0 final resislt svas never in doiibt. Ilnyond 55 tlte few depraved smatures that revel in the details of sech Buits, everyosne will regret tisat so large an amount of dirtylinets altould hans beap aired to' se little pur. ty pose. No otis 'will1 be a..gainer .by1 the proceedings secepting' lbs lawyers. 'Happy fellows, who can 1e happy under any circumstances, and jolly as Mark Tapley whatever way a jury finds I The police have been unable to clear up the mystdry surrounding the death of Floreoce Wadilove. The coroner and his -jury have sat, and the conclusion has been arrived at that the girl was tampered with in a way causing peritonitis, " by some person unknown." Mrs. Taylor emerges scatheless from the enquiry. Mrs. Grant, who befriended the poor child, is censured by the jury, and the young "gentleman" to whoe the unfor tunate victim sacrificed her virene and her life, hae -been so considerately- dealt with that even his name was not allowed to be given in evidence 1 And so the curtain falls on this drama of real life. Several potty robberies, of which West Melbourne has lately been the scene, may now perhaps be accounted for. Two constables have been caught red-handed refreshing themeelves with the creature comforts provided for the delectation of the members of a local bowling club. One of the culprits in his endeavour to escape fell over a clothes line, and fell an easy victim to his pursuers. Both men have been dismissed from the force. Quis custodict ipsos custodesl is a question that has, ere norv-and as is proved not without reason-boon aoked in regard to the metropolitan police. It certainly cannot be on account of the weather-for it has been exceptionally fine-that the atteondances at the tlhoetres have been, during the week, nmore select than numerous. But such is nevertheless the fact. The only house that has drawn tolerable audiences is the Bijou, with the Majeronis in " A Living Statue." " Prince Mothusalom" does not appear to have hit the public taste, nor mirabile dicta does tthe English Opera Company, although Miss Annia Montagu and Mr. Charles Turner are undoubtedly the most finished . artists that have in their par ticular line ever song to a Melbourne public. Not even the heart-rending woes of "Jo," so painfully depicted by Jenny Lee, have been able to fill more than moderately the seats of the Royal. Amusements are evidently at a discount just now, However, Mr. Smyth, a well known manager, has resolved to " run" Mr. Moneuro Conway, the scientiif lecturer, and on Monday this. great lecturing star will shine under the Smythian auspices. Mr. Orsway's tour of the colony will extend over three months, during which time he will visit all the principal centres of Australia, including, if possible, Tasmania. 