Tales and Sketches. AN EVENING WITH COLUMBUS. Charlie Brooke is a horse-whipper. Like many boys of thirteen, he thinks the text-books upon American history used in our schools somewhat dull; but he is an eager general reader, and do lighta to spend the evening hounf in searching out the deeds of the great men of the past. Among these heroes Christopher Co* lumbus most calls forth his heart's affect ion and his soul's admiration, and he is ever ready to take up cudgels in behalf of the great patriarch of the sea. With his blue eyes in a glow of won der, he dilates upon the learning and the foresight of his hero, hia perseverance and his manliness during the years of rebuffs previous to the one great voyage, his dar ing in netting out, with a wretched equip ment, to seek a region believed to be in habited fay dreadful monsters, and at whose limit, did he escape those foul and shapeless monsters, the sailor would be horribly launched into apace, to fall no one knew where ; and is scarcely checked by his father's wonted reference to-un pleasant things in connection with Colum bus : his use in warfare of blood-hounds, who ton the hapless islanders limb from limb, and hia extortions of gold and cot ton. Still, in spite of hia admiration for Co lumbus, and hia pleasure from the his tories of illustrious men, all of Charlie's reading is not historical in character. Hia imaginative disposition craves the roman tic and the fanciful; he so enters into the sprit of these wild tales that he often is half persuaded that they are or could be true; and he has other strange notions in hia head such as might startle you could you but know them. He is a firm be liever in ghosts, and has formed many theories upon the deepest subjects. At any rate, he is a boy of ideas; but he will very Boon lose many of the outlandish ones among them, if he passes through but few experiences like one of recent oc currence. His parents were in Hew York at the time, and Charlie and the servants were alone in the great old house in W street, in Hartford. He was sitting in the coxy room which he had been allowed to fit up as his own " den" reading, when .there came a loud knocking upon the In-rt door. Chariic thought it strange that whoever it was did not ring the bell; but he felt it his duty to see what might be the matter. 80 he cautiously went into the hall and upened the door. He was surprised to aee standing there a man of commanding figure and fine face, with a beard trimmed into a pointed shape, and with quite long hair. The stranger bowed: " Good evening, young air. I request the honour of a brief conversation with you." Charlie hesitated; but, looking once more at the stranger, he replied some what meditatively : " Certainly, air. Coztifi in." The door was dosed, and the unknown conducted to the family sitting-room and offered a chair. He seated himself at onoe and began to apeak: "Can I trust you, young air, with something of a very delicate and confiden tial nature f" " I think so," said Charlie, in wonder. " Ah!" said the stranger; and then in a dramatic manner he aaked: "Know you whom you behold ?" " No, I fear I don't," said Charlie, who was quite ill at ease. " You aee before you none other than the discoverer of your native land—Co lumbus." " Great Christopher," gasped Charlie. " Precisely," returned the stranger. "Great Christopher Columbus." " But how"— began Charlie, in amaze ment. " You shall learn all. A young gentle man of your wide reading must have heard of the Elixir of Life Charlie nodded assent. " On my return from the most auspi cious of my four great voyages, the first one, my old friend, the prior of La Ba bida, paid me a visit and told me a won derful atoiy. Near his convent had lived an alchemist who was known to have toiled for years in search of the Philoso pher's Stone and the Elixir. He was an avowed infidel; yet one dreary night a summons came from him to the good prior, who obeyed it, to find the man of research surrounded by his crucibles and retorts—dying. He could scarcely apeak ; his lips were shrunken and parched as if suddenly blighted; but in a whisper he made known to the prior his conviction that he had discovered an Elixir of Tjfo • also the fact that just at the moment of success his muscles had become shrivelled and palsied so that he could neither touch nor taste the precious liquid. He mo tioned the prior to a curious glass vessel, in which was a very small quantity of a deep red liquid, end hade him this, charging him to give it to the man who should beat serve God and Spun within a year from that time. Then, giving the prior certain instructions and asking his blessing, the old alchemist died. " The year had passed when I returned to Spain, and the prior chose me as the man deserving of hia gift And he gave me, in turn, the instructiona given him; to force myself to take the Elixir when first I could heartily wish myself dead, and to take as many drops of it as I liked, and then to throw the rest away, knowing that for each drop taken I should lie a century in the grave; but at the end of the time thus measured should become alive again, and live forever such a man m I was in the prime of former life. Un der any other circumstances the Elixir was powerless. " The day of disgrace so deep that I longed for death came when the wretched Bobadiha outraged me with drains, and I took three drops of my Elixir and threw the rest kway. Yean rolled on, and fin ally I, M the Cohaabus of 1470, stole out from the cathedral of Havana, "nd, to omit further details^ have, since then, Idee*] the Wandering Jew—who, by the way, I meet occasionally—drifted about die wide ] wor^d. Enough of this! Tor the pre-' sent I am hungry; for hunger can pain though not destroy me. Can you, young -Sir, give mc something to cat ?" 1'oor Charlie had never been so racked by contending emotions. In his mind, fear, doubt, and a sense of the impossibi lity of it all struggled with a longing for something wonderful to happen to Mm, and with a conviction of truth which the straightforward story of the ™»n had given him, and with his own private be liefs in regard to the supernatural. All the while, too, he had been closely scanning the stranger, and it had steadily J grown upon him that his visitor resembled exceedingly closely the Columbus on the bach of the five-dollar bill! To be sure, he looked younger, and was somewhat I differently clad; but his story mwnmH 1 for the former fact, and the latter was to ! be expected. This decided Charlie. "So," thought he, «' here is my hero, influenced in some strange way to come to one who bo greatly reverences him." He spoke at last in an awe-struck ton« " Ye*» sir, you shall be refreshed," re plying thus to the question of Columbus. He excused himself in his most respect ful manner, and hastened to bid the ser vants prepare a lunch. " And," sard the young host and of the house, " he sure and boil several eggs quite hard." Soon he and Columbus were seated in the dining-room before a well-hud table; and the latter truly did show a wonderful appreciation of the good things before Mm ! for one who did not eat to live, and who, i Charlie could not believe, lived to eat. | He had, as we have aaid, decided that bis guest was Columbus; but he b»d had the eggs boiled in order to use one of them in an experiment, which, if success ful would put to flight any returning doubts. If this were indeed Columbus, he could surely stand an egg upon end for him, as he had for the jealous courtiers at Mendoza's banquet; and now, as the ma terials for his proposed experiment were rapidly disappearing, Columbus having devoured three of the four eggs, Charlie drove his courage to the point. "Mr. Columbus,"said he, "will yon be so kind as to stand an egg upon end for me t" " Certainly," returned Columbus, as he helped himself to the last one. He wiped it carefully with his napkin, and then placed it just beside bis plate ; then, to Charlie's astonishment, this same Columbus wiped his knife upon the snowy cloth, and balanced it in his hand for an Instant. Now, taking the egg between the thumb and forefinger of his left band, he waved his knife in the air, and with & rapid stroke deftly cut off the point of the egg. This done, he triumphantly stood it upon the flat under-surface thus m«de, and turned to his young host. " You aee this is a great improvement upon my egg trick of 149a It is neater and more graceful, and affords an oppor tunity of displaying considerable dexter ity. But Progress is the watchword of this century, and, although it took much practice to acquire the skill necessary for my new method, I really have not the as surance to palm off the old one upon an indulgent public as something wonder ful." Here he was proceeding to dispose of this last egg in the same manner as he had the others, when there came a ringing at the door belL A servant went to answer it. Mean while Charlie, astonished yet delighted by the result of his experiment, was prepar ing to put a number of questions to Co lumbus ; but there arose a noise of voices in the hall, and the door of the dining room was pushed violently open as a very frightened girl rushed in. "Please, Master Charles, here's Dr. F from the 'sylum, as says there's an escaped loonatic—" Just then a man's form appeared in the doorway. It was a very pleasant voice that spoke : "Ah, yeB. I thought we might find him here. Come, Columbus, I think we ' had better go home now." " Yes," replied Columbus, quietly, as he rose from tho table, his dignified and mournful visage not at all discomposed. < He started for the hall himself, and very ' quietly accompanied a man whom he found there out to the carriage which stood in waiting. ' Meanwhile the gentleman within intro duced himself to Master Charlie as Dr. S—i°f ^ " RetreaV' and a friend of Mr. Brooke. He stated that this was one of his patients, a man of wealthy fa-1 mfly, and sane in every respect -except in j the belief that he was Christopher Colum bus. He was, the doctor aaid, with every known detail of Columbus's life, and even studied to appear as much as possible like the pictures of him which are commonly seen ; but they humoured him in all this, and he was harming yej, was ever trying to escape from the Be treat. To-night he had succeeded, and they had traced him to the Brooke house, glad to find him in good hands. " And I think," added Dr. F , with a smile, which Charlie made a weak ef fort^ to return, " that I can explain his coming here. " A short time ago your father paid me one of his frequent visits, and I told him of this patient, then recently placed under our care. He waa interested at once, and asked to see poor Columbus ; so we called upon him, and your father treated him with deference as I had directed, and also told him of a certain young man, a son of his, who fairly worshipped even the name of Columbus. " With the often times amazing subtlety of the insane, our friend has treasured up your father's remarks; and, in making enquiries concerning his disappearance to night, I was led to come here by learning that he had in a quiet way asked a keeper a few,days ago where Mr. Brooke lived." " Here Hie doctor, evidently with ho sus picion of the true state of affairs, smiled again, and bade Charlie good night; and as he entered the carriage "Columbus" leaned out of the door and spoke to Char lie : "Good night young Bir. Should you call at my temporary lodging, I might show you a variation of the egg—" But Charlie rushed to his room, to close the door tightly, and try to smother his feelings in his pillow. Meanwhile sundry egg shells were be ing removed from the dining-room table. —Wide Awake. 