Wijs anb TAMZIN'S CHOICE. By Bsmb Stuart. CHAPTER III. ' Three days passed, and Tamzin had not seen either of ,her lovere. John was busy at Fort Isaac, and Pascho was not likely to seek her out since the news had spread in the vil lage that .Tamzin Richards had at last made up her mind, and that John Kernick was the successful man. What made it harder for Pascho to bear was the fact that the neighbors put a tone of gentle pity into their conversation, trying so to sugar the bitter pill. but i>ot succeeding veiy well. ' ' 1 He remembered the vision of the Dead Hand, Ah ) that had brought him ill lucjc. Men said it was the hand of a miner who had committed suicide, and ,for a moment there came a temptation from the devil to follow this example, but Pascho shook bis' big shoulders, as if to oast out the thought, ana said to himself: " I'll be a man, anyhow, and bear it like a man. After all, if Tamzin can be happier with him, it's best as it is." On the Sunday, however, he met Tamzin at church. - H!b seat there was just behind hers, and theigirl never heard a word of the service from the time ahe was aware of his presence. Coming out he joined her as usual, and Tamzin felt thankful that John was safe at Port Isaac, Tamzin'e heart had been very heavy since that Wednesday night, but she was too proud to show it. Good morning, Pascho," she said-plea santly. "Good morning, Tamzin—I hope you were none the worse for the storm we had. ' I hear the sailors talk of bad weather still to come." The rest of the small congregation had dis persed before they spoke again, and then it was Tamzin who broke the silence. "Won't you wish me joy, Pascho?" she said, in a low voice—she wanted Pascho's re proaches over. Ay, that I do. Tamzin; you're not going ■ to doubt that ? I'd rather you was happy than myself. But I will not deny that it's a sore trial;" "I never promised you nothing, Pascho." "There's none that blames you, Tamzin, • least of all myself. I know I'm not worthy • of you. You're not like the common run o' women, while there's nothing but what's very ordinary about me; bat all the same I would have loved you with no common love, Tam zin. There, I shouldn't speak so, I know; but a man can't change his heart, and mine has grown and grown every year a bit bigger for love of you." "Oh, Pascho, don't talk like that," said Tamzin, in a miserable tone. " I couldn't help it." " Well, we won't talk of it, then, Tamzin, but you just understand that I wishes you all the joy a woman can have with a true man, and that's a deep kind o' joy—as deep as one of our quarries, as far as I'm a judge. Just to prove it to you, my dear, I'll do my best not to envy John Kernick. His vessel is coming to our quarry on Tuesday night if it's fine weather; but he'll take up his full load round Travenna Port. I'm going in his boat round the point and into Travenna, .for the master says that he does not know a better hand at loading than myself on the works." Tamzin was seized with a nervous dread. Suppose the two men should come to words, suppose they should fight about her; she would never forgive herself if kind, gentle Pascho was hurt all along of her. John was such a hasty-tempered man, and not to be crossed, as she knew. Even now Tamzin felt her power over the man who had been faith ful to her so long. "Pascho, Pascho," she said, "promise me one thing—that you'll have no words about me with John." Pascho laughed, a bitter laugh for such a gentle man. " You needn't fret yourself about that, Tamzin. John's yours now, and I shan't lay a finger on him, you can guess that without my promise." And with tbis Tamzin had to be content, only when she parted from the quarryman she went and shut herself up in her room and sobbed bitterly. " Oh, Pascho, poor Pascho ! if you would but forget mej but I know you won't." On the Tuesday the weather was calm enough, and the slate loading was accom plished from the quarry overhanging the sea . without any very great difficulty. Pascho ' -Fuge worked with a will, but every now and then he and the other men who were helping \- John Eernick on the vessel glanced at the sky and pointed out to each other certain in dications of rough weather, saying there was mischief brewing. John saw them, too, but he would not heed them; lie was bent on putting into Trevenna Port, and seeing Tamzin as he had promised. " The weather will hold out till to-morrow, and we can run her in before 12 o'clock to night and load her," he said confidently. " We'll sail her round the point as soon as this job's over. There's grog waiting for you up Trevenna, boys, so work away." John did not know that Pascho was to be the man to accompany him ; he had bar gained for a quarryman to help him load his boat, and when the work was very nearly \- finished, be was by no means pleased to find the big Cornishman coming on board his vessel. " Are you the chap that's going to help us, Pascho Fuge r" lie Baid, sulkily, "Yes, cap'en, the master sent me," was the straightforward answer, which there was no gainsaying. " You're not much of a hand with a vessel, . I.reckon," said John, contemptuously; ''it wants a. deal of pluck and sharpness, " JVe been a quarryman most all my life, still I'm not quite ignorant about a boat," / replied Pascho. " It wants a good head in our quarry, and'a good head in oue place is a good head in another." "There's a nasty breeze getting up," said ; John, crossly j "we'd bettor get her well out from among these rooks and lie to till it's time to run her into port. Heavcrho, boys," It is wonderful in how short a times storm rises on that coast. It takes but little wind to lash those seldom peaceful waves into fury as they dash against the rocks. Tamzin could not stay quietly indoors this evening, as the wind rose softly at first, then getting higher and higher till, as on the night of her engagement, it howled like demons let loose. John's boat was to come in with the tide, and Paicho was in her. How would ! they weather the storm, and would Pascho keep his promise 1 "I'll not go to bed till I've news of them," said Tamzin, decidedly, to her parents. "It's going to be an awful night, and how will they get into any harbor ? It were late afore they put off from West Delabele." Mrs. Richards answered :• " It's not fit for ypu to sit alone, Tamzin, but if i ou like you may get Sally Rogers to . come and stop H'ith you. I'm not going to stay up. I can tell you. I feels my rheuma tism coming on." go Widow Rogers came in when the old people reti'ol to bed; not that thpy had any real fears about Tamzin—she could take Cftre of herself as well as any woman for ipijtes round, but ;t was well to think what people might say. "They'll nev^ritry to run her in to-night,", raid -Sail j Ro^-rs when she stepped in. She was quite a young woman, «nd a friend of Tamzin's. The '" her" Was John Kernick's boat, and of coursethe widow look a special interest in Tamzin's " young man," having quite veered off from poor Pagoho. "John's very fearless," answered Tamzi*, looking out anxiously at the driving clouds which swept rapidly across the moon. " If any man can save his vessel he's the one to do it—but there's Pascho on board with him," "And what of that—do you expeot broken heads, TamzinT Faith, a man soon getB over, a girl's leaving him j he'll expect better luck elsewhere." But Tamzin knew Pasoho too well to ex peot him to get over it as easily as that. "Come, shut the door," at length said the Widow Rogers, " and let's sit over the fire and chat." But though Tamzin shut the door and oame into the inner room with her friend, raking up the embers and setting a ohair for her, she herself could not sit still, but walked slowly along the length of the two rooms in a fever of expectation. " You don't think harm will come to them, Sally?" she asked, though Sally, of course, could know no better than herself. . "Harm 1 what harm can come to them ? They'H keep off the rocks and run into Pad stow Port right enough, never fear." •'But I've heard John say how hard it is to keep oS Trerenna Bocks when the wind is dead agen you." "How you do go on about your John, Tamzin 1 I never was so mindful of my poor Jacob, that's gone, afore I married him, and to tell you the real truth, I got to love him a great deal better after we were married." "That's not like me," said Tamzin quickly, standing up in all her height and beauty, while her'fcKfcekB flashed' suddenly.'' "If I' didn't feel all the love afore, I should just get to hate and fear a man afterwards. |A woman's but a very poor slave at best; and it wants a great deal of love to balance the trouble." "It's juBt woman's lot to slave for the men, and it ain't so bad, Tamzin, when you get used to it; it's better than being pointed at as a girl unmated." Tamzin shrugged her shoulders. Such weak sentiment met with no response in her breast; love might master her, but not this folly. Suddenly borne along_ by the wind there came a distant noise, as if from the port. "Lord'a' tiiercy !" cried Sally, "what's that ? I'm sure it's Tregeagle at his tricks again." Tamzin shuddered. " No, it ain't, Sally, it's a-shouting down the port way." Before many minutes a rush of footsteps past the door settled the question, as along the village street came the cry, "A vessel on the rocks !" " Sally, it's John Kernick's boat—I know it is ; something told me as there was mis chief to come to-night. I must go down to the port." " It's no place for a woman, girl; _ there'll be no standing down there agen this wind.' Give it up—itll soon end either one way or the other." "Look here, Sally," said Tamzin, not heeding her words, " you may stay here iand keep a good fire up and get blankets ready —you know what s wanted at these times —and I'll go down to the port. Give me my jacket and hood, and don't let them know upstairs." Nothing on earth could have kept Tamzin back—all her spirit was up. She was no longer a weak girl, but a strong, determined woman, whose wbole life was in that boat, and yet her thoughts were : "John ICernick's safe enough; he can take care of hisself in any sea, but he'll leave poor Pascho, and there'll be no one knows Pascho'i aboard but me. I must go." In a few moments she had prepared her self for the wind in a tight jacket and close hood, and opening the door she found herself out in a fierce storm of wind with- occasional dashes of pelting rain, though the moon shone through the clouds at intervals, so that at times the surrounding objects were plain enough. All the men in the village were astir ; the news ran like wildfire that a vessel had gone on the rocks, and as they hurried down the precipicouB pathway they conjectured where she waB. "She's sure to have foundered on the Is land Rock," said one. ■' No, on Barras Nose," said another. " It'll go bard with her, whatever it be," , said a third. " Why, here's Tamzin. Lord, girl I it's not a night for you to be out; go back—go back !" _ " I must come—I will come !" cried Tam zin, hurrying on; "nothing hurts me, and maybe it's my friends aboard." Nimble feet on a fine day might make ten minutes' work of getting down to the port, but to-night the wind was so strong that it was a hard matter for a woman to stand against it as it whirled up the narrow alley, seemingly bent on the destruction of every thing that came in its way. But Tamzin thought of nothing but the end of her jour ney ; she did not heed ths loose stones that lay in her path, or the rain that now and again splashed her face, As she approached the rocky landing-place, the scene that pre sented itself was indeed one of confusion. The narrow ledge was crowded wifli men. all vainly trying to throw ropes to the ship across an awful chasm of boiling waves. For the vessel was not, as was naturally expected, stranded at the entrance of tlie port, but in the port itself on a rock that rises in the centre of the small cove, and on the summit of which a large wooden stake was fixed, as a warning at high tide. It was indeed .John Kernick's boat; with wonderful skill he had rounded the point, but by that time even he had seen that in the face of such a storm aB was now rising, his only chance of safety was to make for Pad stow Harbor ; but it was too late—the wind was dead against him, and he was, in spite of all his efforts, driven back again round Trcvenna Head into the surging, angry waves that dashed with a roar like thumler into the caves at the foot of the island, and raged right up to the landing stage, sending the foam and spray far above over the cliffs. A sudden gust of wind drove the vessel right into the tiny port and against the dan gerous rock we have mentioned, on which it now remained fast, washed from stem to stern by the breakers. Not one of the crowd of sailors present ex pected for a moment to save the vessel—all were only anxious for the lives of the five men on board, but these were just beyond reach, and at present all their efforts ware being directed towards flinging a rope across the boiling chasm of water that separated their friends from safety. Tho moon burst forth suddenly as Tamzin pushed her way on to the landing-place and beheld the foaming sea below her, while just opposite was John Kernick's vessel, looking as if each wave roust make an end of it, and send its planks drifting asunder. "Try again, mates," said aTrevenna mau, once more hurling with all his might a strong rope weighted at the end across the gulf; but both wind and wave ware against him, and it fell short. "Save them—you must save them I" cried Tamzin ; and though her voice was drowned in tho storm, the men about her saw her dis tress and pitied her. One or two women now joined the group, and among them PaBcho's sister, who had only just heard of the danger her brother was in. The girl wrung her ji^uds fte she saw the awful situation of the vessel, apd, hardly, knowing, what she did, /seized hold of Jamzin, The latter turned her beautiful face pgirprde her, and mur mured i j* "They ;nust—yes, tbey muet s^ve-them! woman recoiled . « n •• Sive them! Ay, Tamzin,youmy well say that-*you that have nearly been the death of him, with your cruel heart; there e 4iot -another like Pascho in all -the^oounteyJ , round, but he ain't the same man since you jilted him." . « Tamzin had no time to answer, for sud denly there was a about, or rather a groan from all present as a huge wave swept over the vesdel and broke her up as if she had been touchwood. But the tide was still all in favor of the sailors, and happily the moon was yet brilliant. - » "Ropes, ropes !" cried the men* Wows the time, mates; if they can keep afloat fife minutes, we'll save them." ' And there, sure enough, was one dark figure rising on the crest of a wave and evi dently clinging to a plank. It was easy now to throw the rope, and what a. shout of joy arose when it was seized, and how willing were the hands that hauled up the man who clung to it I • ' j • " Saved i" It was John Kernick who stood there among them, apparently little the wor*e for his ducking. " Jbhn^-Jonh Kernick 1" cried Tamzin, seizing'him. "Where's Pascho? He cant swim like you; save him—do." t There was a muttered o&th; as John dashed away the salt water from bis hair. The sail ors had closed in again near the ®dge. Another, head . had appeared—another effort was being .made to save life,' No one noticed Tamzin and. John* • • . 11 Is that the way you greet me, Tamzin, with your very first words given to Pascho. Fuge?"' .. - - , , • '" Nay; thank God, you re saved—hup, oh, John he must not die.*' And ^Tamzin franti cally tried again to edge Herself in among the men, who were hoisting up another fellow creature. 'It was one of the sailors, and he, too, was received with a shout, as he, like his captain, seemed none the worse for his immersion. At the same moment another man was literally flung on the steps leading to the beach, • and was only just rescued before a wave seized him; but he, poor fel low, was stunned, and one arm hung broken by his side. Several volunteers at once bore him away to the village, which was no small act of charity on their part, considering that the excitement at the port was at its height. • " Pascho—Pascho 1" shrieked his sister.; 41 You must, save him!" echoed Tamzin» who had now struggled to the edge of the crowd, while John jK.emick kept closeby her side, his face lowering with an angry, venge ful look. . . "There's another I" ,tbey crjed- 4 A rope, a rope 1" . Battling, struggling, clinging to a mast, there, indeed, was another. It would, have been impossible to recognise him had^ it not been for his light reddish hair. Yes, it must be Pascho; and Tamzin stretched out her arms towards the man whom she had wronged, as if she must be the one to rescue him. ^. . " Save him*!" she cried. 11 He must not die !" "You didn't take on so«bout me, Tam zin," said John Kernick, angrily, as other hands, not his, flung a rope into the seething water. This unworthy jealousy exhibited at such a moment suddenly angered Tamzin— her soul rebelled against it. She did not know that John had spoken hard words to Pascho, and that there was ill-blood between' them, though the miner had been true to his promise of keeping the peace. The drowning man seized the rope. " Hold fast r they cried, for a tremendous wave was driving in, and would certainly en gulf him before they could pull bim up. It passed and spent itself against therocky wall, and then all hands at once hoisted the rope. This required great care, for Pascho could give but little help on his side; he had been longer fighting for life, and was more ex hausted than the other two. "Thank God J" exclaimed Tamzin,. with a. sob in her voice, as they drew him to the » foot of the ledge, and now began pulling him *A terrible overwhelming feeling of jealousy suddenly seized John Kernick. He had been so proud of having won Tamzin, so elated over his superior powers of fascination, that now the devil seemed to take posses sion of his soul when he heard her voice saying, "Thank God 1" with that little sob of relief in it, for John was close to her sjde, and, without Tamzin knowing it, he seized her waist. Suddenly he loosened his hold, drew out his clasp-knife, and opening it, unperceived by the crowd, he stooped down and slashed at the rope, cutting it half through. Quickly it began to unwind, and heavier grew the weight it had to bear. In another second the so-called accident was discovered. „ "The rope's cut a^en the rocks l cried the men in consternation. " Bold on a min" ute, Pascho Fuge \ Pull gently, boyB. and heave him another rope. It s all up with him if he falls." . , At these words John Kernick s strong nead reeled ; he slunk out of the place he had made for himself, and once more was by Tarn zia's side. She was trying to see what was going on, trying to hear the shout of rescue, -when suddenly her wrist was again seized by her lover. " Listen, Tamzin !" said John, in a terrible voice. Do you hear me, girl? The rope's cut, and I did it! There's no hope for him now." , „ _ . Tamzin gave a little shriek, drowned, it is true, by the noise around her, and wrenched away her hand. 11 You've killed him, John Kernick » Let me go ! I must save him, or die with him !" „ John held her back by main force. " Hark, girl!,it's too late; the rope's snap led. Curse me if you can !" True, enough, a groan of disappointment and despair burst from the crowd, and some one near Tamzin said : " Pascho Frige is lost. The rope a cut, and he's fallen back into the Bea. God have mercy on him ! He was most nigh spent just now !" Tamzin gazed wildly at Johu. _ i: " You've murdered him, John Kernick! she exclaimed. " Leare me go '. How dare you touch me? I never want to see you again 1" " Heaven help the man thus seized with the terrible demon of jealousy! Heaven help him, indeed, when, .having satisfied the feel ing of revenge, he- fiuds the fearful flood of remorse let in to drown his soul! John Kernick dashed away Tamzin's hand when he had led her!from the edge of the rock, and then, flinging himself up the slippery path leading over the bill, disappeared from S%or a few seconds the girl darted after him, then paused and tried to remember, where she was. At last, moaning and shiver ing like a child that has been hurt, she hur ried along up the road to the village and to her home. John had said so, and she knew it, too— Pascho could not survive another immersion in that awful sea. What had she heard? Had John Kernick spoken rightly ? Had he cut the rone that was Pascho's safety? Tamzin shuddered, but at that mqment she made up her mind irrevocably—that nothing should ever draw the awful secret front her lips. John seemed suddenly dead to her, and who would think of accusing a dead man of murder? Was he not already.before his Judge? Her tottering steps could make but little way, and in five minutes she had accom plished but a third of the.distance, Still the wind bowled, and still it bore to-her cars \ the shouts from the port. Then she heard behind Jfert&p; pound pf several; footsteps hurryingin'ihe same direotion^as herself. Even before she looked round-she knew what it was, and shrank bock under the cover .of a projecting rock which overshadowed the path. Then in silence four men gassedher, bearing between them a body^deoently oo v^redwith-a s&if.; ' ' . r "Tellme, ishjsjdead?" she said, hurriedly,, coming out from her shelter, and touching one of the men with her hand, The men started, for they had not noticed her. ' ~ "Ay, ay, he's dead, poor fellow; there was no living any logger in that sea." " Yes, be said so, and it. is true," mur mured Tamzin ; but the men. had pasBodon, walking swiftly and,steadily with their bur den, and Tamztii followed more slowly and fancied she vvks'jiqing io the churchyard.'and that she was PjLschra only, mourner at the funeral,' » '• ' " But I did love yon, Pas'eho," she said to herself; "only I was vain and foolish. It was you a& I cared for all along, Paseho, my dear; I' know it now it's too late;*' Befote she reached her own home the corpse and its bearers had disappeared, and when she knqqkedj £nd Sally. Rogers, all ex-. citement and eagerness, opened the door, she saw a different Tamziij to the one who had gone out in heiir 6r"so before. " Don't '$S'u" 'ask me, Sally., I couldn't talk pf It jest; now) but I will tell you one thing—there's, taatiy a spre heart'in Trevenn^ . tb-night, but noire Wsoreas mine." " John Kfefnidk's'dead, thei ?" whispered Sally, awe-atrucki' . •' " ' " Nay, riay. not John Kernick, but an other, "and thsreuponshe laid her head On the. table and seemed Ipst to'au aroubd her. Sally felt that Tamzin had seen sdmething terrible and-though she lodged to hear, the details she would- not leave Tier friend or tease her with questions, but "after awhile got her upstairs, and undressed her,. and spoke simple comforting words to her—nav, even lay down b^'her for fear that jshe should have " visions"' of that dreadful scene, whatever it might have been; till at last, when the storm 'a&ated;, Tamzin Richards, worn out mentally and bodily, fell into a troubled.slgep. The Trevenna men, having completed their work of rescue, harried to tneir homes again. These Scenes Were of too frequent occurrence to cause a great excitement; but in Paseho's house there was nQ going to bed that night; and John Kernick, al' he walked unbeedingly over the. high 'land that skirted the coast, seemed, like Cain of "old, to defy the elements.. Terrible is man's remorse, and so awful was it to John Kernick that he could not think of the lesser evil that had come upon hirq, though in a Vague way he was all the time conscious of it. He .had killed his rival aye, and by his own wprds to Tamzin he had fpr ever lest aU chance of her love. Once he passed by the slate quarries, and had he not known every'.inch of the way he might have easily slipped over the Iplack gulf which bor dered the path. For one moment Kernick thought'"he wbuld end life and his remorse by throwing himself down one of the black pits, but be dared ilot face death and eter nity with this burden on his conscience; no, even though he now and then half fancied that he himself was the Tregeagle whose story he knew so well; surely bis sins would find him out, and the devil claim his soul if he died that night, just as he had claimed Tregeagle's spirit at his death. It was morn-, ing before the wretched man came back, as it were, to"his right senses. Looking around, he saw that he was not so very far from Tre venna. -An irresistible desire ence more to see Tamzin possessed him ; he would again hear from her lipsher hatred of him and of' his deed, apd then Ije would leave the coun-. try and go beyond 'the Beas. 1 But with tljje daylight came humbler feel- ' ings, and the strong man, who had not prayed for years, lifted uphis'h6a,rt to God and asked tbatbis'punishmedt might be on .earth, And: oefrin-tbe iftir life. If, as was certainly, the case, tho "Devil ^iadthat night fought, for- the, B0iflsdf '3\9toi''!verrfcK, thfe man's good angel. feg&.fonght .a'lso and bad prevailed. Almost spent , wif^' misery-and exertion, John' Kernick, footsore and terribly haggard, stood before the Richards' cottage that morn ing just as the familiar village sights and sounds were beginOuii* to wake up, for they were early folk in' Trevenna, despite the night's excitement," "Old Richards himself was opening. his shutters or what acted as such in a place where thieves, were notthought of, and looking aroiind he saw John Kernick standing by his side. . ".Welcome back, my son," said the old man, nodding. -" Where hast been all night ? It was a bare chance.fpr thee, yester-eve, they say. I've bepn seeing one of your men, who told me all about it; he came here look ing for you." The ordinary tone did much toward restor ing John's presence pf inind. " Hpw's Tamzin?" he said, very slewly, thpugh he found it extremely hard to speak her name. "I heard Tamzin a-oomin'down just now; maybe she's in the back room. Go in, my son; my old woman's a-bed to-day with the rheumatiz, so I'm the stay 0' the house; but Sally Rogers gave us a helping hand last night—a kind soul is Sally, but she's gone home now." John Kernick did not hear half these homely words ; he only'took in that Tamzin was in the back room alope. He would go and see her, and. then fly for ever from Tre venna,. He'walked slowly across the shop and opened the inner,.door, and there sat Tamzin by the -window, her back to him, gazing out with, a terribly sad and altered face on the tiny .glimpse of the distant sea which was there visible." The raging waves had calmed themselves ; (hey, \yere new but " white berses" sweeping majestically in to wards the land. Tiie girl did not look'tound till John Ker nick said, in a lowVoice: / "Tamzin!'.' \'~t- 2; i He expected her jfco turn upon him as he well knew an augry%woman'couId do, and he meant to bear her r'gprgifohes patiently, but' instead of this Tamzin almost wearily put her hand upon his^arai. ' ' ' "John KernicKj ^'Hvg'ad you'ue come. I've been wanting-to «eeiyou, just tffflay one thing. I acted wr'img by you ; if you Binned —and that shall i>e between yon and nife for ever—I, too, sinnfed--terribly.- 'Forgive me, John, Last night I saw my heart as it was ' in reality. I have been Jjroud and rain all my life. I gave my word tP a man as touched my pride, but all the/same l- loved another —him as had been'waiting for me so long ; him as—" Her voice faltered,, and it was some time ere she continued ■" • < •" Him as I shall qeein Heaven, John Ker nick, and fcii? whom I must wait .til} I die. Give me back my word, John ; it has only brought evil on us both. Ah, John, I fol lowed his corpse last night, and my very heart seemed to go straight put of me inte his grave, and that's hew it will be until the. end." " There's ne maid as need marry a mur derer," said Jebn, slowly, npt daring to look up. "I'll never wed in this life. I came but te bid thee good-bye, Tamzin, for I'm going far beyond the seas. You'll sometimes speak—" " Hush I" said Tamzin. "^here's spmp one talking in the #Iiop. Good-bye, John Kernick. I oan't take your hand—not now, not yet; but mayhap some ^ay, when I'm an old woman." Neither of them noticed that the dopr was quietly opened behind them; and neither of them, fpr a few seconds, was aware that any one had entered, till suddenly thero came the words: . "John-Kernick, I've ppt come to-djaturb; ye, but only just to shake hands wi' y& We* must never have hard words again after last night's work. Shake hands, man ! Thb Lord forbid yon and I should have any bitter feel -ingatweenuB."— • Tamzin stopji,. paralysed, for there before her /wag Pascho—nay, not Pascho, but his .wraith, who had come to forgive John-Ker iiick, aod t6 show her how to fdrgive. Jollri, also, was.too tpuoh, surprised to take tlie. hand Btretolled out U> him, " Faechb, is it yoi^ and not your ghost?" cried Tanizih, brave as usual, suddenly seiz ing his hand. " Pasoho, speak to me I I thought you were dead." "Nay, nay, Tamzin, I was,saved ; 'twas the poor sailor as was drowned. But had it been the Lord's 'will, I would fain have taken his place, save for iriy mother's sake. She and my sister were sore troubled when they brought me home well-nigh spent. But I'm that strong a bit of a wetting is nothing to me." Pascho, feeling Tamzin'e hands clasped round his arm, was warming up to his sub ject. He thought that even to see this look on her sweet face it was good he had lived. After all, she did care a bit for him, if not in that way. But he was hardly prepared for Tamzin—proud Tamzin—bursting into tears, And saying: - , "Thank God a thousand times, Pascho, that you're not dead. John Kernick, give him.your .hand; there'll never be any words, betwixt you again.". " Godnelping pit),, never,',' said John Ker nick, wringing the quarryman's hand as'if he would wring it off. Pesqho Fuge did not knopr—was never-to know—what his life wjas to John Kernick, for it brought a.happiness far better and higher than his death woufd have done. As there was forgiveness for the repentant thief on the cross,, bo surely is there for the contrite murderer, or for the one whom God has saved from the natural result of his own wickedness. "Ay, ay, Pascho Page, there'll never be any morp .words betwixt us. Tamzin, let me. tell him—don't be afraid of me anymore. Tamzin'e found out as it's you as she loves, and we've agreed between us as it's best sp. If I have loved her, why, so have you, and more truly, too; and may God forgive all our mistakes I I'm going now; but just tell me, Pascho, how was you saved ?" " They were )iaulipg up the rope, when it got cut agen the rocks, and I fell back. I give myself over then for lost, as I was well nigh spent, wheq just by me they flung down another rope with a loop in it. God gave me strength to slip it round me, for I never should have had the power to hold on to it; and so they hauled me in much as if I had been a log. But what's this, Tamzin—it ain't true, be it ?" "Ay, man, it's true enough," said John Kernick, dashing away a tear from his eye; '• and you're worthy of her, Pa9cho. God bless thee !"—Longmans Magazine. 