Joseph Cook's Lectures. In his prelude, the 12th inst., Mr. Cook returned to the much-discussed question of probation, and spoke with great solemnity and earnestness on " probation at death." Immediate and total self-surrender of the soul to God is demanded of all responsible beings by conscience, wliich is the voice of God. Not to do this is disobedience and rebellion. Constantly the Divine voice within us is saying, " Thou ouglitest," and the soul is saying, I will not." The supreme word of conscience arid of science is bom: that of the Siren school of liberalism, to-morrow—perhaps in an intermediate state will be the favourable time to repent. Continued rebellion must tend to fix character. By a, single disobedience, the soul takes sides against God. By a single sin the soul puts itself in its grave; and it must remain there until it repents, and this it will not do except through the influence of the Holy Spirit. The longer one is against God, the longer he is likely to remain so. What constitutes probation by death seen at a distance, by death near at hand, by death when it is taking place? 1\. Distant views of death have been disregarded by those who, in advanced years, approach it unrepentant. 2\. Those who have resisted the influences of distant views of death may naturally resist those of death near at hand. Most men past middle life apparently die as they have lived. 3\. It is a fact that nine out often of those who seein to repent when death is supposed to be near, prove themselves not to have repented when the peril is past. 4\. The discipline of death to unrepentant souls is one of fear chiefly. 5\. 6, 7,8, 9. Yet there is a probation in comparatively near views of death, in death close at hand, in entering into death, in leaving behind the affairs of the world ana its temptations, in the loftier views one gains which change the whole aspect of life. Mr. Cook here again referred to the criticism that his propositions are guesses, by saying that a guess on his eide that death ends probation is enough to demand instant repentance, while a guess on the other side is •wortliless. 10\. There are comparatively few cases in which the faculties retain their balance, and the visions are clear in death. 11\. Yet in many cases there is a great quickening of •conscience and memory when deatli is immediately .expected. 12\. When the sky is thus unclouded there is probation in the midst of death. 13\. There is probation in the supreme moment of death when one gains on outlook of what is beyond. Mr. Cook here spoke of the well-known death-bed •experiences in which the dying had seemed to see wliut is beyond. 14."It is possible that all these experiences may be explained as of subjective origin. 15\. It is perhaps certain they are thus explained in many cases. 16\. It is improbable that they are in oil cases because of the earnestness of the emotions displayed, the same- ness of experience in persons of different temperaments, the great numbers of these experiences, and the difference between these and what occurs in mere trance. 17\. In death, therefore, the good may see their loved ones. 18\. The wicked may see those they have injured. 19\. After such views, the dying man sometimes speaks, and, of course, probation is not over. 20\. In these cases there must be light coming to the evil, to be accepted or rejected by them. 21\. I neither assert nor deny that the soul remains in the body after the breath leaves it. 22\. Probation does not end until the soul leaves the body. 23\. Probation in death affords time to accept or reject the light 24\. It is reasonable to suppose that one who passes through aU these opportunities unrepentant will never repent. 25\. Thus mere reason renders it probable that death ends probation. 26\. The Scriptures declare that it does. 27\. The supreme dictate of wisdom is, therefore, to repent now. The lecture proper was on "Advanced Thought in Italy and Grcece." Caesar's work in Rome is nine- tenths undone; that of Paul and Peter remains, and Borne is more theirs than his. Advanced thought is undermining Vaticanism, but not destroying Catholicism. To the central points of the reformed Catholic faith we may say God-speed. The prospect of reformed Romanism is cheering. • The temporal power of the Pope has forever passed away. In 1191, Constantino III. made Henry VI. kneel at his feet, and then, to show his power to make and unmake kings, kicked off his crown from his head. The gain of Protestantism in Bome and in Catholic countries generally is remarkable. Campello is one of the chief signs of the times, and is doing a valuable work. The Papacy is doomed. Transfer the Pope from Bome to New York and his power will be gone. It would be like transferring the gaudy butterfly to the region of frosts. We should help Protestants in Rome—especially should financial aid be given for a time to those priests who abandon Bomanism, but can not, from the nature of the case, at once find employment. In speaking of Greece Mr. Cook said that if we desire to know what advanced thought there is we must inquire of the ghosts of her ancient scholars and heroes. Great progress lias been .made in Greece during the last halfcentury. While fifty years ago not a book could be bought in Athens, now one in eighteen of the population of Greece is in school. In Athens twenty newspapers are published ; there is an astronomical observatory, and a university with 1,500 students. Modern|Greece must now be regarded as standing at the head of the self' educated nations. —Morning Star. 