How the Czar is Crowned. Alexander III. will be crowned in Moscow on Sunday, the 27th of May. As the coronation is one of the most brilliant ceremonies in the world, a description of it (from a Russian source may be read with interest. The great ceremony has always been performed in the Church of the Holy" Assump- tion, within the walls of the Kremlin, at the ancient town of Moscow. Arriving at the Church, the Czar and his wife are shown to ordinary thrones near those of the bishops, and the special service immediately begins. After the first lesson is read, the Metropolitans conduct the Emperor and Empress to a canopy of scarlet velvet, richly embroidered in gold, the principal figure being the double-headed Russian eagle. Under this canopy is an elevated platform, upon which are the historical throne of the Czar Vladimir Monomague and an ordinary arm-chair for the Empress, also a table upon which are the sceptre and crown of Constan times Monomachus, a sword and a mantle of ermine. The nobles now advance from the south of the Cathedral, and surrounding the platform draw their swords and place them at the feet of the Czar. The Bishop of Kazan then asks the Emperor in a loud voice if he is a true believer, to which he replies by reading the Lord's Prayer and the Apostles' Creed of the Greek Church. The Bishop next says-" If there be any of you here present knowing any impediment for which Alexander, son of Alexander (or other name), should not be crowned, by the grace of God, Emperor and autocrat of all the Russias, of Moscow, of Kieff, ' of Vladimir, of Nov- good ; Czar of Kazan, of Astrakhan, of Po- land, of Siberia, of Kherson-Taurida, of Grousi ; Gosoudar of Pskoff ; Grand Duke of Molensk, of Lithuania, of Volhynia, of Podolia, and of Finland; Prince of Esthonia, of Livonia, of Courland, of Semigalia, of the Samoyedes, of Bilostok, of Corella, of Ever, of Ingor, of Perm, of Viatka, of Bulgaria, and all other countries ; Master and Grand Duke of the Lower Countries in Novgorod, of Tchnerigoff, of Eiazan, of Polotsk, of BostofE, of Jaroslav, of Bilosersk, of Odourk, of Obdorsk, of Kondisk, of Vitebsk, of March last, and of all the countries of the North ; Master Absolute of Iversk, of Kastalmsk, of Ka hardness, and of the territory of Armenia; Sovereign of Mountain Princes of Tekerkask ; Master of Turkestan, Heir Presumptive of Norway, and Duke of Sleswick Holstein, of Storm are, of Dithmaree, and of Oldenburg, let him come forward now, in tho name of the Holy Trinity, and show what the impedi- ment is, or let him remain dumb for ever." This is repeated three times, and upon no objection being raised he lays his hand upon the head of the Czar, who immediately kneels. At this point the Metropolitan of Moscow takes the mantle of ermine from the table, and throws it over the kneeling Czar, saying, " Cover and protect the people as this robe covers and protects thee ; the Emperor replying, " I will, I will, I will, God helping," and kissing the prelate's hand. The Bishop of Novgorod now places the sceptre in the Czar's band, saying, " May thine hand which holds this wither the day thou art unjust, the answer being, "Be it so;" after which the Bishop of Kieff places the Crown upon the Emperor's head. At this point, the Empress kneels beside her husband, who partly covers her with the cloak of ermine, and also holds his crown above her head, for a few seconds, without, however, plac- ing it upon her head. The Czar and Czarina remain in prayer for several minutes amid a deadly silence, and the instant they rise to their feet bishops, nobles, deputations, clergy, and all present kneel to them, shout- ing " Long live the Czar!" The cry is taken up by the hundreds of thousands who are outside, the heralds sound their trumpets, guns are fired, and bells are rung. The Czar commands the people to rise, and is again surrounded by the nobles, who receive their swords back from the Imperial hands, the Emperor saying, "It is thy country's," to which the noble replies " and my Czar's." Mass is again resumed, and the Emperor proceeds alone to the altar, passing through the Golden Gates of the Iconostasini, which are closed behind him, thus hiding him from view. Here, after partaking of the Holy Communion, the Metropolitan of Moscow anoints his head, temples, eyelids, lips, nostrils, ears, breast, and hands saying, " Behold the seal of the Holy Ghost; may it keep thee ever holy." The Gates of the Iconostasis are reopened, the Czar appears before them and is hailed with shouts of " Thou art verily by the Lord anointed." The Empress advances to the sanctuary and kneels to her lord, who bade her rise, and they walk out of the cathedral arm in arm. At the door is a gilded chariot drawn by 12 white horses, into which they enter the princes, other members of the Imperial family, foreign monarchs, guests, on, entering other State chariot. The procession again forms as it did on approaching the Kremlin and with its new additions moves slowly through the gaily decorated town. According to an old custom the Czar's carriage, instead of being guarded by troops, to surrounded by 100 maidens belonging to the best Russian families, all dressed in white and holiday garlands of flowers. Court balls and receptions begin in the evening and last for a fortnight, after which the Court returns to St. Petersburg. 