What the Town Says* By Hawkeys. An insult to the captain of a British man-of-war is generally a pretty serious affair. He is about the last man in the world one would care to pick a quarrel with ' officially,' except, perhaps, an African emperor or the King of the Cannibal Islands. It is also about the last sort of insult the tail meteor ' flag that's borne, &c; is perhaps the last fnlBff tnllf Tlrttl'Qllovc An Ivlun n-ntnv of nmr wafa he will stand. The Madagascar outrage may be nothing more than a mad freak of the French Ad. miral commanding that latest thing in filibustering expeditions, with his head turned with the sound of his own guns. Frenchmen do those light-hearted, light-headed sort of things sometimes, and just now seem to be specially feverish. It is too monstrous in its double offence of gross insult and miserable treachery to he anything else, though it is quite possible that in the present French temper towards England it may have an unpleasant signifi cance. But whatever it may be, it is quite certain that . the gallant Frenchman's brave exploit will have to he very amply atoned for or very promptly avenged. In the meantime it has its signi ficance for us. Events do not march nowadays — they gallop ; and with French cruisers flying about in every direction in our own waters with ' sealed orders' on mysterious missions, it is impossible to say what lively little ebullition of the new French spirit of enterprise we may be called upon to admire in our own case. Whatever our own annexation fever may be, it is dearly nothing to that of our lively neighbours on both sides of the world, when tliev have taken to ' annexing ' British officers, at the mere trifling cost of their own honour. But of course this sort of fun may go too far. It w ould be a bad, yet not an impossible ending to the business if the ques tion here should be some day the annexation— not of New Guinea nor of the New Hebrides — but of New Caledonia. A good house, decidedly, as we take our seats in the stalls of that popular Sunday evening resort, the snug little Gaiety, and see the audience quickly swelling. It is very comfortable, very cheery and bright, mudi more so than any church we are ac quainted with, and it is very free. To be sure, you have had to pay your money at the door, but so you have to pay it at any other place of secular entertain ment, and this one, you know, is secular or nothing. But you are free to talk and to laugh, free to stand up in your stall, and in orthodox stall-fashion survey the house at large with the best critical air you can com mand, free to keep your hat on if it so pleases you, instead of, after a close, if hurried, inspec tion of its interior, sticking the delicate article under the seat, which at least is a good thing for the hat, and free to applaud in the usual secular manner, so that, as compared with the free churches, where if you pay liotliing neither can you do anything in this free way, you do at least get some freedom for your money. Otherwise it might strike you as singular that of all the many places of public Sunday evening resort the only one with the ' free list entirely sus pended ' should be the place dedicated to freetliought. The stalls are fairly filled, but the rest of the house s crowded, and the first thing that strikes you is the considerable proportion of ladies. We are still wondering what special phase of freetliought this rather remarkable fact may signify wlien, enter the chorus — we beg pardon — the orchestra, and they having ranged themselves, chorus fashion, on one side of the stage, after a short pause and, it must be admitted, with a good deal of dramatic effect, the lecturer, Mr. Charles Bright, litmself. We say ' dramatic effect,' because if Mr. Bright were about to play Hamlet (with a real ghost) or Richard, the Third (with several) lie could hardly 'come on' more ike the character ; and the illusion — if it is one — is the more complete from the familiar ' hearty reception' that always greets on such occasions the popular actor. Mr. Bright looks grave almost to pre ternaturalism, solemn almost to sanctity, and indeed, unless wre knew him to he given to neither, might be taken fairly for the most preternaturally sanctimonious of parsons about to give out a hymn. However, he does nothing of the kind. Hymns, of course, are as superfluous as prayers where there is no occasion cither for prayer or praise, so instead of a hymn we have a lively march from the band, and here we feei we owe Mr. Bright' an apology. It has been said that Mr. Bright was indebted largely for liis success as a lecturer to the additional attraction of a good popular concert, but we must entirely acquit liim of anything of the kind. If lie is indebted to his musical assistants at all, it can only be as exhibiting in their ideas of what constitutes good music a very large amount of freetliought indeed. In fact we have seldom heard freer or 'more independent musicians, and certainly none who could be less fairly charged with being an ' attraction ' to many people. The same remark, we are afraid, must 'apply to the young lady who later on contributed to the harmony of the evening hv warbling that pensive but somewhat ancient ditty, ' Shells of the Ocean.' Here again was displayed, both by singer and accompaniment, much more freetliought than fair music, so that, except as the concert may be said to be quite in keep ing with the rest of the programme, Mr. Bright must be credited with being solely his own attraction, as indeed lie very well may be. With no one gift or grace of the orator, the lecturer has a good deal of the ' knack ' of the popular speaker. No one knows better how to put a popular audience in a good-liumour — how to raise a laugh at an opponent's expense, or tickle the light heart and the vacant mind with a pleasant mixture of the vast and the vulgar, the sacred and the profane, the reverently awful and the jocularly familiar. Mr. Briglit's humour is rather of the acrid order, but it is by his humour that lie 'takes.' His eloquence is forced, his passion ' rags and tatters,' and his pathos the stage pocket- handkerchief ; but his jokes are real and his own, and never fail to bring down the house. Thus when the brilliant humourist, apropos of ' the resurrection and the life,' in his airiest manner, de clares that Jesus and his disciples were all wrong on that point, and that he, Mr. Charles Bright, in de nouncing it as the falsest if funniest of fables is right, the 'hit' is palpable , and when he goes on in a bor rowed simile from Mr. David Buchanan, of minnows in a creek, to describe the Saviour of the world as a 'big fish ' the joke is at its height, and the popular amusement with it. We were assured that this was nothing to what he could do in the funny line if he liked, and we can very well believe it, though it must be said that his subject last night was, perhaps, specially favourable to Lis peculiar powers. It was nothing less than tlie general demolishing as a religious teacher or authority of Mr. David Buchanan, and it must in common justice be said that never were subject aud lecturer more thoroughly worthy of each other. Specially must be commended the happy simile of the minnows. ' I am a minnow,' said Mr. Bright, ' and I glory in it.' We are glad to hear it. At least it is something to be able to agree with him for once. The discovery of a new, shorter, and surer process in the fine art of murder must take a first place amongst tlie sensational inventions of the day. That terrible New Zealand case is about the first on record, we think, of individual murder by dynamite of any one less than an emperor, and opens up a considerable range of further pleasant possibilities. The new forces coming so rapidly into use have tlieir ugly side for humanity as well as their useful, and certainly make people of a homicidal turn of mind more dangerous customers than hitherto. Whether the pocket revolver will be superseded some day by the pocket electric machine, and it will be possible to kill a friend by simply shaking hands or rubbing shoulders with 'liim lias yet to be proved, but it is clear that the ancient, and hitherto supposed harmless, if disagreeable, liabit of 'button-holding' must be avoided even more religiously than usual, unless you are assured that your too familiar acquaint ance will not, in another sense than you so fervently wish, 'gooff.' Perhaps the fact that it takes two victims to make a murder of this kind, and that one of them must be the murderer himself, may have the effect of restraining a very general use of the new dis covery ; but, on the other hand, there is the attrac tion to murderers in extreme cases of adding to their other iniquities the last one of cheating the hangman. Mr. G. II. Reid is just now in the pleasant position of an amiable gentleman who, with the best possible intentions, has done a right thing the wrong way, and so brought a hornets nest about his innocent ears. It was a good thing, of course, to propose to fill up the clerical vacancies in his department by examina tion ; but it was a very wrong thing to limit tlie test to candidates from his own schools. From so eminent a freetrader something . better might have been expected than so glaring an instance of protec tion, without even Mr. Melville's poor excuse, that the protected article is any more of ' native produc tion' than the unprotected. The pupils of private schools are not less legitimate sons and daughters of the soil than are they of the Public schools who have the privilege of calling the Minister of Education father, and what Mr. Reid is really doing is divid ing the country's children into two classes of educa tional Jacobs and Esaus, .without even tlie latter's poor consideration for their lost birthright. I: is not even to be contended that the protected article is likely to be any better or cheaper than the other — rather, perhaps, the other way — and in any case it might have been thought that our practically free Public school system was already subsidised enough without further bestowing on it tlie virtual monopoly of tlie Civil Service. For, of course, if this is a good rule for tlie Education Department it must be equally good for any other, and so it may come to pass that from the lowest public offices to the liighest no man shall be eligible who has not graduated at Fort-street. With every respect for that eminent seat of learning, it can hardly he thought that that would be a good tiling. The Melbourne annexation meeting shows how wonderfully unanimous our neighbours can be on occasion, and it is not surprising to hear tiiat the chief speaker was Mr. Justice Higmbotliam. This learned gentleman has always taken what Mr. Archi bald Forbes would call a 'masterful' view of colonial and Imperial relations, and though the ' man Rogers ' has individually disappeared from the stage there is still the tiling that used to so vex him in the old time, as slow and inert and obstructive, he finds, as ever. Following so fast upon the similar resolutions of the Victorian Assembly, those of the Victorian public will doubtless have their effect, if it is only still further to push the popular idea that Victoria is Australia. But then our lively neighbours always were pusliing, and our Assembly is not sitting, and our public men of light and leading, our J ustice Iliginbothams — ah ! where are they r ' Hunting coal, deal- boy,' growls old grumbler, ' or worse, caterwauling with their unhappy constituents.' When the time comes to write the record of the Stuart Administration there may be at least one good deed to be credited to them that should tip with fire the historian's pen, or, like Uncle Toby's tear, soften the quill of the recording angel. If it should have to be written of them, as of the hero who abolished Carthage, or the patriots who abolished the Bastille, or of that eminent man of our own who has yet to abolish larrikinism, street-curs, orangepeel, Orangeism, and sundry other plagues of the period, that they abolished the Gehenna of Glebe Island, they will go down to posterity with an odour sweeter than that of sanctity and a fame more fragrant than frankincense and more lasting than the smell of myrrli in the nostrils of the people of all generations. It may be doubted whether an achieve ment so beneficent would not deserve for its proper fame rather the enduring brass or the imperishable marble. A group, it seems to us, of those ' Ministers of Grace ' might well be made to crown that island eminence, looking down, as it were, in perpetual pro tection on the city of their deliverance ; or, if that is too large an idea, tlic-re is surely some corner of tlie new Post Office that might be spared for so admirable a subject for the highest exercise of realistic art. Of course, it would have to be realistic. Few of the hon. gentlemen in question, perhaps, would lend themselves very readily to the sculptor's skill in any other way. Sir. Stuart might serve, in deed, very well in the Classical style as a study for the bust of Socrates, or Sir. Dalley, in the Romantic, as a Cupid on a garden pedestal, or a cherub on a tomb stone. But none of the others, we are afraid, would, so to speak, 'shape well' in tlie naked marble, though, on the other hand, one can hardly imagine subjects better adapted for the more popular style of sculpture so favourably known of late as tlie ' Post Office Comic.' An exception, however, must be made of the real hero of the occasion, Sir. Dibbs. He is not only clearly entitled to first and separate honours, but in his own person may be said to suggest unmistakably the special form they should take. A new Colossus, astride from Glebe Island to Glebe Point, under and between whose noble span shall sail in sweet security the pleasure-boats and gondolas long banished from that bay of death, is clearly the form in which should 'be preserved to the admiration of the ages the great Treasurer's noble proportions. Or there is another way. As there are always dirty boy6 who don't like being washed, so even in tliis case there are people who object to being sweetened. Mr. Thomas Playfair, for instance, likes his Glebe Island as it is. To him, the air of tlie shambles is balmier than the breath of flowers, and tlie scent of hoofs and hides sweeter than the divinest perfume that ever exhaled from Nerissa's hair or Amaryllis's pockethandker chief. Here again the treatment suggests itself. What could be better than a replica on a large scale of the famous ' Dirty Boy r' Mr. Dibbs the energetic old lady of tlie soap and water, and Mr. Thomas riayfaic tlie ' other fellow.' 