WrnMla. chapter x. It haunted you, after you hail seen it, ok a dream will sometimes haunt you — this wild Welsh castle down by the sen. The wild WcIbU hills girdled It round on every sido save one, and there they broke asunder in a frowning gorge widening seawards, up winch : the white sea-foam flew and the sea-winds v whistled nud sang. The chieftain who had built it centuries ngo, when the twiuig-of tho bow-string and the clash.of battle-axes sounded over the length nnil breadth of Wales, hnd chosen his jgrouiid well. .Surrounded and surprised lie could hot lie, for the sea was at his hack, hud the narrow defiles before him Hint led down from the ' upper .mocrlniula could not bristle 'with orcr a dozen spcar-iiotiits at a time. At the wont the foe could but sweep him backwards castle and all inlo the stormy gulf below, nud tlmt they hnd not done, as tbo gray old battlements testified, for Hie towers, oven In ruin, were still proudly erect. "Of what aro you thinking 7" Eric Donall- son asked his betrothctl. Th» girl had been standing gazing down wards from the paraiict like one si>oUbound. The castle lay behind them ; tlicy were out on the extreme verge of tho headland, and the hoarse, Novcndicr seas plunged far below, filling tho valley with sound nud Heeling clouds of spray. 44 1 was thinking that if this parapet were not hero how. easily one could fall and lie dashed to nieces, and how easily one could commit suicide, if one were so inclined, by a lean forwards from that spur of rock." Eric (lrow a strand of her long luiir through 'liis fingers; it waiT floating about her in tho chill wind like a dark cloud. Bhc was barely eighteen, and her hair was too beautiful and too wondcrlul to lie hiddcu awnj in cumber- sonic coils at the hnck of her littlo head, so she braved the tangles the wind made, and let it go free. "This parapet was not always here, and the suichlal idea lias occurred to other minds besides your own. I don't wnut to frighten you, Tady mine, but an ancestress of ours dashed herself to death from the very spot upon which you arc standing nt this mo ment 1" Kathleen started aside, and then laughed nt bcr susceptibility to fenr. "Oh. Uric, what a dreadful thing I Do you really mean it 7 When and why did she So it r "You hnd better not ask— it is a long his tory j in fact, it is our 'family ghost-story' ; and as this is your first visit to Trcgarvan Castle, it might seriously interfere with your after, comfort to hear tho talc, being the little gooso you arc." I fear Erie had a lurking desire to relate the legend, otherwise he showed lamentable indiscretion in mentioning the words "family ghost-story " nt all ; for what person is thcro . — ninn, wonmivor child— who, hearing the rtiraor of a ghost- glory nttatchcd to their present dwelling, would not straightway con ceive an ItiBntinulc curiosity to lenrn all that could bo, learnt ou tho subject down to the minutest particulars, . Kathleen was not an exception. , " A ghost- story in your family! A ghost nt tho castle— this castle ! Of course I want to hear. ; Please tell me all about it at once— nt once, Erie !" ; Eg shook his head. ' "It won't do you any good to hear it." ; "It will ; if you are disagreeable 1 shall go direct to Lady Donnllson ami ask her to tell mo the tale." . My mother would not wish you to know, so she would not give you the correct version.": . " You aro horridly unkind, Erie— nud this is my first day here," pouting liko a spoilt child. " 1 shall go indoors"' : " Don't fall down the cliffs by the way," lio said. : Bhc stood irresolute, looking at him as ho leaut against tho pnrnput, divided between laughter and annoyance, the desire to leave him and the desiro to stay. Then slio sud denly stepped to his sido and clasped her linnets on his arm and looked up softly with her dark gipsy eyes. <"Now Eric, dearest, do tell me? this Is just tho plnco and the time, 1 will sing to you to-night, and piny for you. and light your cigar fur you, if you will tell wo— do you hear 7" nnu her head went down on his shoulder. "And you will kiss mo now?" he added practically, " Well, 1 obj'ect to kissing ; but 1 will." Bho was as good as her word, and held up her pretty nioutU immediately. His arm went round her waist, and lie began the story. After all, the desire fur the coaxiug had been nt the bottom of his reticence. " It was nt the time of the Stuarts, 1 think, or it might have been later Hut, dear Jtntlilccn, don't you think this wind is too Cold for you V "No j I am well wrapped up. Do go on." He wrapped her up a little more with his arm, for which she brought his hand to licr lips and kissed it (they were a sadly senti mental pair) and proceeded : " Tho girl was young and very lovely, of comyo j at least some people thought her lovely— 1 should not have none so, she was very like you, just the same untidy hair and queer kind of eyes— you will see her portrait in the gallery of the castle somo day— —Oh ! you horrid little thing !" ns Kathleen bit his finger. " Well, slio was engaged to nil un fortunate man — n cavalier, I think, very like me— and slio loved him passionately. " " Absurd 1" put in Kathleen. " 1 wouldn't —and I don't believe she did." " Wait until you hear tho end. Lcolph Olendwyr, the cavalier, made love to tuc girl's cousin in a way of which I strongly ap prove but he managed it clumsily, and one Christmas-eve, a stormy evening, just as it Was growing dusk, Lcolph and the cousin were sitting in the room that looks out ujwn the terrace— look, you can see It from here." " "Where 7" she asked, straining her eves, with dawning interest. : There— look on the western sido of tho castle I Cannot you see a strip of green miss, and above it a bit of gray , stone j flint is the terrace. And look 1 tho sun is just striking a dull-red twain u|»n the little window cannot you see? Tlrnt is tho window— tliu wiudo'w of the ante-room that leads out of the drawing-room. Most of the castle has Ikjcii rebuilt and altered ; but that little piece remains exactly the same as when tho lovers sat within." 41 1 see it. And what luippcnod 7" . . _ 44 Whv,tha girl whom you resemble— Dorothy Douallsou— came down the terrace and looked hi at the wiudow— " " But It was whiter, nud a stormy day!" " They Fay she hnd gune out to look at the sea— she was very romnntiu ami foolish, like' others I know. She looked ami saw Lcolph kissing tho cousin, nud guessed immediately that he was false to her. Then they my that she was so angry or so miserable that she lost her senses nud rushed blindly to this very snot, and threw herself, head foremost, down inlo the sea, and her body was washed away and could not bo found/ " Ami wimt became of the wretched mnu inquired the iiinctcciitli-ccutury maiden. Sternly. . "lie married the cousin, I believe, mid was very linnpy — at least, that is what I Should iinvc done in his place." " ,4ni1 wl,cn Kathleen looked reproach- nud grew strangely pensive, Erie laughed and kissed her, ami asked her If sfao believed all lie said. "You should not talk so Imrtinmudy if von do not mean it," she answered, "hut where is tho ghost-stcuy? that is the part I want to hear." . ' . "It Is simply this: on storuiv cvcnhi", when tho spray is flying over this parapet, nud tho wind is ronriug out to sea from the land, jiint after suiiKetting the figure of u girl iu a white dress, with dark hair blowing Imck from her face, glides down tho terrace, nud gazes in at' the little window of the ante room ; and the story says that to those who see her bIic is always the precursor of evil. Evil that will hapjicn, not to them, hut to someone they love— or ought to love, 1 suppose— as they say she favours lovers chiefly, unfaithful nud otherwise, with her presence. There is tho ghost-story of Trcgarvan Castle, lwcHcnlly nud vividly de scribed.; What do. you think of it? Kathleen, nmvournccn, you arc siiivcriug !" "it is nstrnugc story, Erie; she brings evil .with licr.' . Of - course 1 don't believe in ghosts; but you ami I will never sec her, because we shall never be uufnithfuf to each other ; 1 feel so sure of that dou't you 7" ' Quite sure darling." " Nothing in this world could ever separate us, could it 7" ."Nothing." Her eyes gloivcd as tliey glanced . nt liim, nrnl were satisfied- -her strong young lover, handsome ns a Viking of old, with his tawny lmir and brown skin, and keen, steady blue eyes. . Broml-clicatcd and strong-armed,- what lover could lwtter please li damsel's fancy ? And was lie not as good ns hnudsoiiic? And did sho not love him entirely— him only, and' trust him with n perfect trust? Her heart answered " >'es " to each question. They hnd not known each other. long. .. Tlioy were in the first finsh of their en gagement, and each, under the linppy cu- cbniitincut of love, believed tho .other to be faultless. f ; The Httlc diversities of tcih|icr and taste that lay below the surface had not hnd time to nppenr, yet doubtless they existed, for. no one human character is an exact counterpart of another, and it is well for those who dis cover such diversities before, and not after, marriage. A thin liuc of sunset red tiiat had, lin gered upon the western horizon lessened gradually to a mere scratch of color iu the landscape ; from a scrntch it beenmo n speck, then a point, and then it went out altogether, and left the gray sky and -gray sea-one waste of gmyness aud Hfclcssncss ns far as the eye could reach. The lovers turned homewards, climbing rough steps cut among the rocks, and de scending narrow paths tlrnt wound zig-zag through the scanty foliage, - The so-called pleasure grounds of tlio castle lay upon the wild hills that flanked the valley, but little labor of cultivation bad bccnjwstowed upon them; 'nud nature reigned there iu her grandest and most rugged aspect. Lady Donallson met the pair upon the terrace. A queenly-looking woman— a widow, ns her long black draperies' and severe white cap betokened. 44 You are standing upon haunted ground now, Katie," laughed Erie. "1 have been telling her the story of Dorothy Dounllwn; mother, this afternoon. She knew nothing of it." Lady Donnllson gave her son a quick, dis pleased glance. " Foolish talcs, Kathleen," she said, , lead ing -tho way Indoors. " You should not listen to them ; 1 never do." Yet lightly as Erie had told tho ghost- story, nud contemptuously as his mother feigned to regard it, the memory of it clung to Kathleen's mind with straugc persistence. That night in her room, watching the Bilvcr crescent shine above tho old gntcway tower, she conjured', up the- details of the Bccnc enacted so many years ngo. .Poor, despairing Dorothy I How high the tides of iwission and ' of grief must have surged in licr young heart before they over flowed in the madness that sent her des perately to her death. "She. loved him too much— that Lcolph Olendwyr," thought Kathleen to herself. And then sho pictured' tho wcirdncss of that stormy Christians evening. ' The stmiigo cold light thnt comes between sunsctting and the dark ; tho grcnt black cliffs, the snow, the sea-foam, the shrilling winds, the thunder of tho waves, nud the bitter cold, and Dorothy out in it, all alone, iu a white dress, with her hair loose about her 1 A very fire of jealous misery must have sent her from the Christmas hearth, where the pine-logs blazed out, to brave the fury of the elements. And It. was the wraith of this love-lost maiden thnt haunted the gray terrace of Trcgarvan Cnstle, No unpleasant ghost for over bleeding from a sword-thrust in her breast, nor n head less apparition like the mysterious horseman that scours tho moonlit prairies , of the far west ; but a graceful, tender maiden, moving softly, gazing wistfully, mournful, lovoly, young, just tho poetic incarnation of un happy love, of uuavnlling melancholy. ' And she only appeared to lovers, and only- lovers could see her ; yes, it was a pretty, ro mantic superstition ; but nevertheless, Knth- . Icon lit another candle as she thought of . cu- . countering her, ami made an inward resolu tion that on no nccouiit whatever would . she be induced to sit alone In the ante-room on u stormy day after the suu had set. With the first weeks of December cainb another visitor to the ciwllc. . Ail acquisition in the shnpo of a gay, linpny-hcartcd hoy - of seventeen, n distnut nephew Uif Lady Donallson, who always speut a iwrtion of ids vacations at the castle. Now, although llolflo 'Gralmiii was' only seventeen, he had developed early; and iu height, in bearing, in address, lie might nt firijt inspection have passed for a youug niau of twenty-one. Tho ungaiulincss of gait nud limb tlmt usually belongs to tho fledging period hnd never nffccted liim ; and he used a pair of audacious' dark eyes with more suc cess than attended many of his ciders. " It really doesn't matter, because 1 am only a boy, yon know," was a favorite remark of his ; ami under the protection of this cu- sigu lie laid siege to Kathleen the first day of his arrival. lie waited upon her hand and foot like a young Sir Lnuncclot ; followed her slmdow- liko far upon tho grassy hill-crests,' or down on the narrow, rocky beach that shelved ab ruptly to the waves ; he raved about her hair nud eyes in Eric's presence, nud wrote ;>octry to her, nud sighed and kissed her gloves under liis very nose. it amused Kathleen, and perhaps it flattered her too ; and sho talked to the lad, and laughed nt him, and sometimes petted, aud sometimes snubbed him, and all the while did not notice tlmt Erie's glance grew ateruer and his nmnncr colder day by 'day, At last, three days iwforo Christmas, Itollic left, with many last looks and nbsimllr scnti- incutat words of farewell— many execrations upon his wretched fate- and many envious speeches concerning Erie's happy one. . In the nftemoou of Christmas-Eve Erie, coming into 'the library, fouud Kathleen ad- dressing a letter to "Itollic Graham, Esq., G iiufrcstmi, Carnarvonshire. " 44 Writing to Uralihtu /" he said, carclcsslv. " i.cl me sec what you have said 7" l ie held out Ids hand for the letter. They frequently read each other's corros- pondcuce, aud iu this particular note there was nothing thut lie might not Imvc seen. It was the purest commouplnee, referring to a Christmas-card HoUic had offered to fetch fur his aunt. Vet, iu a spirit of pevvcrscncss and mis- chief, and just to tcawj Iter lover, she refused. " Thank you, Mr. Donallson, I lmve spoilt you, I know ; but you must not expect to read a?? my letters." And she folded the sheet dollbomtulv, dipped it into the envelope, mul scaled 'it down. Then she looked across the table nt him with saucy defiance. Ho was qultu grave, "Do you menu tlmt you positively refuse to let ate read that letter 7" \- 44 1 iiositivclv refuse !" "What if I insist 7" 14 1 don't understand you !" " What if 1 fay that yon mwt show it to mo beforo U leaves tliis place!" ha said, slowly. 44 1 should reply that . 4 Must was a word you have no right to use, " she answered, : laughingly, but with a faint quiver— a faint I iudicntiou of a deeper feeling iu her voice. They were self-willed young people ; each hnd n temper thnt could be aroused whenever his or her dignity was called into question. Hero was a case in point; and for the first time during their engagement their respec tive tempers rose to the surface and declared war. There was a little pause, in which Kathleen put the innocent .hone of conten tion into her pocket. " Why do you do thai 1" ho asked, with a slight sneer. "Do you think I shall snatch it, or take It from you by force, as a boy might do 7" " You are behaving so ridiculously this afternoon that I really cuiiuot tell what yuu might not do !" . "Am 1 ridiculous, Kathleen, because I ask for a right you hare never denied mo be fore!" . > Vou take, too much aha 'right,'" she answered, ovnsivcly. . He folded Ids arms and looked out of the window. Dark snow-clouds hung heavily overhead; the foam: gleamed out at sen like the teeth of n 8ca- monster ;.a rising wind moaned round tho old- battlements with a prophecy of storm later on. Erie's brows were knitted blackly over his blue eyes. He was very angry— moro angry tluui lie eared to confess to himself. . He did hot doubt Kathleen's fidelity and love ; it was not likely thnt that buy— whom lie could. have swept out of -his path liko a fly— lmd stolen away wlint lie prized mure tluui anything on earth ; but, in spite of his calmer reason, he /tad been n trifle jealous — a trifle ill ht ease — and now his mental irri tation, allayed by ltolllc's departure, returned with full force. . He; turned and looked at her. She was sitting on ilie sofa, humming a . snatch of some love-sick ballad Itollic used to sing. 44 Cuuio here,' Kuthlcuu' ; 1 want to speak to you seriously."., » "I am quite comfortable where 1 nth, thanks." " IFH/you come ?" impatiently, , "No," coolly. . iio hml to cross to where she was, which ho felt was a concession of dignity, though he did it iu two strides. i "Listen to lue Kathleen. We have never quarrelled yet, and 1 do not wish to quarrel uow.ou any. subject tiiat rotates to that wretched boy. 1 am hot jealous of Grahnm — he is a young idiot, ami a thrashing would do lilin good, that Is nil— ho could not coino between you midiysolf I" "That is a consolation," sho sniil stiilly, 44 What I feel," he went on, quickly, 44 is your wiint of confidence in me ; "That is precisely wlmt I fcell" sho re torted. "You are nonsensical, t ask you onco more, nud I shall not nsk again— will you let mo read tlrnt letter or not 7 44 1 will not let you read it," . . i Ho bit his lip to coutrol himself. . " When we nro married I. shall rend your letters ns a matter, of course— why ; not now!" It was an Impolitic, speech, and her answer came with n dangerous Hash from her gipsy eyes. /. , . " \\\ c are not married yet. V ; . The. voice was low. but the tone was signi ficant ; he accepted its meaning. "Perhaps it is your .wish thnt wo should not marry/:' . . . 44 Perhaps it would bo best to scnnnilo ; we do not sceui ablo to agree— wo .evidently nro not suited to each other." - KUe did not recogulzo her own voice, it sounded so constrained' and harsh ; she felt frightened and excited, but at the same time there was n proud cold pain iu hcrhcarttlmt forbade her to'faltcr. , lie stood up before her straight aud steady. . " lou arc right ; we hnvo made a mistake. Wo haw too littlo of each other beforo uur engagement. It is better tluit it should end nt once. 1 shall leave the castle to-night, and explain, tli e rcnaou to my mother by letter. Do not trouble to rise; Good-bye." Bho felt him touch her liaud. with a cold formality ; she saw hhn cross the room ; she heard the door closo ; she did not move or cry— her cheeks were scnrlot with indigna tion. And so tlicy Repnrated — foolish man and foolish maid, driven asunder by their own folly — their own tack of charity aud . forbearance. The grqud old Dihle words ring out across such gulfs ns these; : 44 Dehold how great n umtler a little, fire kiudlcth," , . . . . . CHAPTER II. . ' ltnlf-nn-lioiir 'afterwards: Kathleen was sitting alone in tho ante-room that was divided from. tho drawing-room " -by.' 'heavy ciurlains. . .. How she lmd' 'wandered there she; did not exactly .know; and why she wits crying softly to herself, lying back. on tho settee cushlous, she could not exactly tell. What had happened 7. Tho most dreadful thing lmd happened— the last possibility Hint could have pre.seuted itself to her mind two hours ngo. : Erie had set. her free ; tliclr engagement had termi nated; aud .who had first spoken those fatal words of separation 7 J tnd he, or lmd she ? . Bho could not remember clearly. Only ono fact' stared at her out of the inist of misery In which she found licrsolf, mul tlmt wiifl the fact Hint ho lind left her, that she was alone, and that it had all happened be cause of thnt letter to foolish Itollic, which was still rcposiug In licr pocket. Should she tear it up 7 Should she run after him, and beg liim to read it now 7 Then her pride flamed up anew. No; sho would not be the first to sue for foregive- iicss. The' fault lay on his side, not hers. So her heart grow proud and cold again, and she fell into a rambling reverie, gnxiug absently meanwhile nt the haunted wiudow. She forgot that tho haunted terrnco lav without, and that this was Christmns-evc. Tho sun had gone down. The noiseless snow fell silently through the cold, ghostly winter twilight; ever and again the fierce north wind swept it in, reeling eddies down tho misty gorge where the wild water leapt mul fell, and the white spray shivered ou the iron peaks of dripping crags, and flew high over the little parapet, ami was blown to nothingness in the raw air. The firelight from the larger room pluvcd into the smnllcr one, ami tho fantastic shadows linked hands and danced strangely upon tiic walls and the low carvcu celling. And then— ns sho looked dreamily towards tlie uncertain light without— suddenly— she caught her breath with a quick gasp of terror, and a light horror shot through everv vein In her body— for there ! gazing mourn fully through the window n\mi her, was tho beautiful spirit face of tlio ghost-maiden, Dorothy. She saw it distinctly ; unmistakably. The wraith that haunted the aucicut ter race of Trcgarvan Castle. Every line of the graceful figure, everv fold of the dress; the loose cloud of. dark hair, the sad wild eyes 1 She saw it, stared nt it, faco to face, eves to eyes, for ono dreadful moment, and then, half mad with fear, and shrieking fur help she staggered through the curtains, and fell forward fainting upon the floor. When she came to her scuscr, Lady Doiiallsou was chafing her linnds, bewil dered and terrified, 44 My dear child—" she liegnn. "Erie !" exclaimed Kathleen, staring up wildly, her hands pressed on her forehead. " 1 have seen her— the ghost 1 Sho brings evil to those you love— and 1 love litm, Lady Donnllson j l love him— though 1 lmve scut, him away— where is lie 7 It was through my folly we quarrelled. Where is ho? Jle cannot liave gone yet; find him; 1 must find hhn ; let me go ! " She rushed out among the servants in the hull, looking liko n siieelre herself. . 41 Mr. Donallson 7 was all sho said, ; 44 He had gone to the stables, the 'butler, answered. ... To the stables i»be went, . , ' Blie was too late. The young master hnd left the castle, riding nt full speed, n quarter of an hour ngo. He hnd tnkuu the rond to tho nearest railway station, five miles away. "I will follow luin; saddle Countess," said Kathleen, quietly, Aud the grooms obeyed her, wondering nt her wliitu face ami wild, terrible eyes. Lady Doiinllson wrung iter hands, nud thought the whole household was deranged, and questioned nud entreated, mid com-- mntuled, Kathleen to remain where she was, aud not to venture out on such n stormy night, for the wind had increased .tenfold and tlio snow fell furiously; hut when tho girl stood ready in licr dark riding dress, re- solute -iiitd determined, she was obliged to tall back ami content herself with ordering a man servant to mount also and nccompmy thu young lady wherever sho chose to pi. Tlicy rode out into the darkness, and their horses1 hoofs rang sharply tqioti tho rocky road. They could hear the sea thundering far behind them ; tho roar of it caiuo up in gusts upon the. gale. Blie could never tell what irrcsistable |vowcr forced her onwards; she seemed to near voices iu her ears, calling to her to ride on, mid to ride rapidly. Thrco mile they rode, and then, lii the distance, they saw lights moving nlxmt a cnttugo by tlio roadside ; they could discern a little crowd about tho door, nud hear shouts nud confused cries, "An accident," said a tough miner; in answer to their interrogations as they came up. He was holding a liorao thnt was bleed ing nt the knees. ' "What is it/ Who U It!" sho asked, alarmed, There wcro murmurs and muttered words; Tho men luid recognised her, mul seemed to hang back, llut in tho gloom sho heard a woman's voice above tho rest : " Mr. Erie I— tiiat 1 knew ns n lad 1 The hniidsbmcst— Knthloou almost reeled from tho saddle. It was Eric, and lie was dead 1 So soon 1 Tlio curse hnd fulleu— the evil had descended so soon 1 Sho dismounted, mid msscd into tho littlo humble dwelling; mid in another mhiuto she was sobbing wildly bcsldo the bed on which tho body of her lover lay. ; After all, it was not a very Rcrious accident. He laid been thrown from Ids horse, mul was shaken and bruised ; but- beyond a: cut' on his forehead, no injury hnd Ikjcii sustained. The groom watt desjintclicd fur the doctor, and wlille ho wns gone tho good people nt the cottage considerately wltlulrow, aud left the two alone. Kathleen's overwrought feelings cauld not ho restrained ; she cried on until alio wns tired. Erie's hntid enntu softly upon her iinlr, for sho hnd ilimg off her riding lint. Slio caught tlio unnd mid kissed it passionately, 1 44 Oh I Erie, I thought you were dead ! " : ;4,Noi darling, only knocked about, Tho horse cut its knees badly, and the fall stunned tne for tho time ; but I soon cmnc round; nud now 1 feel a little faint and queer, that's all." \- Ho spoke ns the Erie of old. It might have been a droam— their niinrral and their sudden separation ; nt the first signal of dis tress they had rushed together without n word of explanation or reproof. Doth were secretly ashamed of tho part- they hnd played, and both wevo silent for awhile, until Erlo's curiosity conquered him. " Wluit brought you hero, Kathleen 7 " ' Sho wns kneeling nt his side, and she nestled closer to him, shuddering. 44 1 saw tho ghost on tho terrnco I 1 lmve Been it ! Oh! don't nsk, me about.it ; it makes mo die with terror again I " : Erie started mid stared at her. 44 What 1 " ho said, in a low voice. " lm- possible ! You were dreaming ! " "No; oh, 110 ! I was awake, I saw tho faco gazing at mo through tho window, just ns you described It, and I know tlmt something would liappeu to you directly ; mid 1 lost mv nerves with fenr, I think, for T felt tlmt I must follow and find you, if I hnd to rido till dawn," Ho soothed licr reassuringly, saying lluit it must have been her fancy; hut when she peraistcd in tho assertion, he felt a super stitious thrill run through liim, notwith standing liis mnhhoixl. " At the very moment whon you saw tlio apparition my horso must lmvoTalleii. It is vcrystmnge/ liOBhiik'musiiigly, "but it is |AU imagination, my pot." lio added, cheer fully. " We will wntch in tho ante-room to gether, and sco if tho lady appears again," 44 Not in tho ante-room 1" sho murmured, shivering, 41 1 could not boar it 1", - ; " Hut you would not bo afraid if I were : with' you, mavouruecu? .Say you would liotl" . He called her by his favorito jictiiniiic, and tried to rniso her face to look nt it. ; licr eyes met his proudly and lovingly, iu Rpito of the bandaged forehead, which did not ctilmucc his personal appearance in tlio tuckering candle-light. No, I would not bo afraid with you," Their lips met iu a long kiss— passionate mid sweet ns if it lmd Ijocii tliclr first ; and after it her gipsy head drooped upou Ids breast and lay there, naturally content, " Kathleen," lie said, after a littlo nltctico. "Yes." 44 1 thought wo had broken off our engage ment. Tins docH not look much like it." " All,- don't sjienk of that dreadful scene 1" slio answered, hiding her eves. 44 It wis nil a mistake I I only wauled to tonso vou. I haven't sent tho letter yet, Eric dear, nnd you can rond it whenever yuu like." 44 1 was an idiot !" lie remarked, candidly, 44 1 don't think yon were," she relumed, generously ; 44 tho fault was on my side." And so fur the time tho matter dropped, and tho reconciliation wns effected fully nmi completely. The doctor arrived, and Eric, unahlo to walk through tlio storm, wns eonvovod to tho casllq in a rough vUlngo cart. -Kathleen sat besiuo him, mid their horses were led back by Hie groom. The smi roso brightly ou Christmas mom-' lug; tlio wind hail guiib down; the snowy hill-crests glittered ngniust the puro blue sky ; and in tlio gorge below tlio wild sea- water . lapped plcasnutly on thu gray boulders. Kathleen walked to tho quaint Welsh church, while the joyous bells filled all tho frosty air with -musics and all tlirough the happy Christmas service her heart was brimmed with joy, for tho dark cloud tlmt lmd gathered for a moment over her life had lolled lightly away. Lnto in tho afternoon, coining dowu dressed .for dinner in cloudy white dmjieries, she looked vainly for Eric in the drawing-room. 44 1 am here," called a voico from boyonil tho curtains. , What made you cliooso this spot/" she said, laughingly, standing Irresolute butweon thu hangings. llut when lie laughed at her cownrdico slio entered the ante-room boldly, ami sat near liim on the settee, ami hoped tlmt he did not notice tlmt liur oyes were fixed steadfastly upon the floor, for slio wn ashamed to con- fesH aloud tlmt sho liad not thu courage to wntcli the window, Tho twillgiit deepened, aud their voices sunk lower mid lower. 4 Where were you going when you left the castle so abruptly yesterday 7 " she asked, softly. . 44 1 had not any distinct Idea. 1 was mi awful muff, Katie. 1 was so angry that \ did not care whore I went, provided 1—" lio broke off sdddenly witha low, smothered ejaculation. His head wns turned toward the window She looked and shrieked, It wns there ngniu, A white, shadowy figure, the faco pressed against the Kmc, the wild eves watching them closely, intently, Kathleen clung to her lover in agony." "Erie— Erie, take mo away I 1 shall go inad ! " He put her arms hack, mid rose to his feet. "Don't move, Knthlccu; stay exactly where you," he said, in a quiet, authoritative tone. 44 What nro yon going to do 7 " sho naked, panting nud trembling in every limb, but otoying him nevertheless. llalf-way across tho room ho stood still, and collapsed into a shout of laughter. it startled her move than his previous calm had dune, nud she ta'gau to cry. 44 Yuu little gH»se," ho gasped, lifting her in his arms ; 44 there is no ghost at all. You are frightened nt your own shadow 1 Lie : back again mid see for yourself." Doubting, bewildered, ami astonished, she did as she was told, ami liehuld ! tlie wraith of Dorothy Donallson vanishesl into thin air from tlio terrace of 'i'ragarvnu C'astlu, mid in its stead she recognised liciself I Her white dross, her loose dark lialr, her own frightened eyes. .Some curious intermingling of the lights and shadows, the firelight withtu tho room, ami tlio darkness without, had reflected her figure upou tlio panes in such a manner ns to give tho appearance of a person looking in from tlio other sido ; mid tno illusion wns so admirable in every particular that it wns well worthy, nt a first hasty glance, to de ceive tlio steadiest nerve mul stoutest heart. That sho lmd been deceived by it was little cause for wonderment. The hour, tho room, tlio story, tlio nucidcutnt but singular like ness lictwccu herself and the traditional ghost, had combined to intensify the delusion and to render her a credulous victim to its snare. - So the excitement dissolved itself after all Into something very commonplace, and tho mistress of Trcgarvan, nnd even the servants, joined In tlio Inugliter which was raised against Kathleen when tiic truth enmo out. A year afterwards she was standing mice more upon thu parapet, looking down intothc valley uolow. Erie was by her side, no longer her lover only, but her husband. 'J he gulls llcw over their heads far inland —tho heralds of stormy weather. 44 Do you think you will sco the ghost again to-night 7 " ho asked, in jest. She shook her head reprovingly, " You may laugh— out 1 mn glad. 1 thought it was a real ghost, beemwe— — " Because what / " 44 If 1 hnd not thought so, wo should not be married now," 44 You mean tiiat we should not have niado up Hint rpmircl 7 " " I think wo should," ho said, witli a flash of fun in his hhio eyes. 41 Yon would have made it up nt any price ; you were much too fond of me to have allowed mo to go no easily." "What I sho cried, hi n littlo breathless flutter of imUgtintioii ; 44 whon'tho fault wis entiroly on your sido 1 " " Tuition inc. my love, ou yonw." It was n lniBband's speech. "Only leavo ino again," hIio said, with a great show of outraged feeling, " ami seo if I will he foolish enough to follow I " llut sho know thore was no fear of him doing so, and nshb bent down and kissed her, the last shadow of a qtmrrcl between them fled away liko the wraith of Dorothy Donnllson — for ovennore. 