The Fortnightly Review for March con- tains an article by Messrs. Gurney and Fred. W. M. Myers, entitled "Transferred Impres- sions and Telepathy," and embodying vari- ous communications recently received by the Society for Psychical Research. A few extracts may be interesting :- " "We hilve received the following account from our friend, Mr.' Addington Symonds : -'I was a boy in the sixth form ¡itHarrow, and, as head of Mr. Rendall's house, had a room to myself. It was in the summet' of 1858\. I woko about dawn, and felt for my books upon a chair between the bed and the window ; when t knew* thal I must turn my head the other way, and there between me and the door stood Dr. Macleane, dressed in a clergyman's black clothes. He bent his sal- low face a little towards me, and said " I um going ¡i long way- take care of my son." While T was attending to lum I suddenly* saw the door in the place where Dr. Mac- leane had been. Dr. Macleane died that night (at what hour I cannot precisely say) ni*" Cüíum. My father (who was a great friend of his) was with lum. I was not aware that, he was more than usually ill. He Avtis a chronic invalid."' "Captain G. F. Russell Colt, of Gart sherrie, Coatbridge, N.B., allows us to pub- lish the following narrativo :-' t was at horn? for my holidays, and residing with my father and mother, not here, but ¡it another old family place at Midlothian, built by an aneeh'or *in Mary Queen of Scots' time, called Inveresk House. My bedroom was a curious old room, long and narrow, with a window at one end of the room and a door at the other. My bed was on the right of the window, looking towards the door.' .Iliad a very dear brother-my eldest brother, Oliver, lieutenant of the 7th Royal Fusiliers. He was about 10 years old, and had! at that time been some months be- fore Sebastapol. I corresponded frequently with him, and once when he wrote in low spirits, not being well, I said in answer that he wtis to cheer up, but that if any- thing did happen to hiniheniust let me know by appearing to me in my room, where we had often, as boys, together sat at night and indulged in a surreptitious pipe ¡mci chat. This letter (I found subsequently) he received as he ¡was preparing to receive the sacrament from a clergyman who has since related the fact to me. Having done this, he went to the entrenchments, and never returned, as in ¡i few hours after- wards the storming of the Redan com- menced. He, on'the captain of the company falling, took his place, and led his men bravely on. He had just led them within the walls, though already wounded in several places, when ¡i bullet struck liim on the right temple, ami he fell amongst heaps of others, where he was found in a sort of kneeling posture, being propped up by other dead bodies, thirty-six hours afterwards. His death took place, or rather he fell, though he may not have died imme- diately, on the 8th September, 1855. That night I awoke suddenly, and saw facing the window of my room, by my bedside, sur- rounded by a light sort of phosphorescent mist as it were, my brother kneeling. I tried to speak, but could not. I buried my head in the bedclothes, not at ¡ill afraid (because we Intel all been brought up not to believe in ghosts or apparitions), but simply to collect my ideas, because 1 had not teen thinking or dreaming of him, and indeed I had forgotten all about what I had written to him a fortnight be- fore. 1 decided that it must lie fancy, ¡mil the moonlight playing on ¡t towel, or some- thing out of place. But on looking up there lie was nguiu, looking lovingly, imploringly, and sadly ¡it me. I tried again to speak, but found myself tongue-tied. I could not litter ¡i sound. 1 sprang out of the bed, glanced through the wintlow, and saw that there was no moon, but it was very dark and raining hard by the sound against the panes. 1 turned, and still saw poor Oliver. 1 shut my eyes, walkcTl through it, and reached the door of the room. As I turned the handle before leaving the. room, I looked once more back. The appari- tion turned round his head and slowly again looked anxiously and lovingly at me, and I saw then for the first time a wound on the-right temple with a red stream from it. His face was of ¡i waxy pule tint, but transparent-looking, and so was the reddish mark. But it is almost impossible to describe his appearance. I only know I shall never forget it. But thu colonel of the regiment and one or two officers who saw the body, confirmed the fact that the appearance was much accord- ing to my description, and the death wound was exactly where Í had seen it. But none could say whether he actually died at the moment. His appearance, if so, must have been some horn's after death, as he appeared to me ¡i few minutes after 2 in the morning. Months later his small prayer-book and tho letter I had written to him were returned to Inveresk, found in the inner breast-pocket of the tunic which he.wore at his death. T have I hem now.' " "Mr. J. G. Keuleinaus gives us the follow- ing account :-In December, 1880, he was living with his family in Paris. The out- break of an epidemic of smallpox caused him to remove thT'ee of his children, in- cluding a favourite little boy of 5, to Lon- don, whence he received in the course of the ensuing month, several letters, giving an excellent account of their health. 'On the 24th January, 1881, at half-past 7 in the morning, I was suddenly awoke by hearing his voice, ¡us J fancied, very near me. 1 saw a bright, opaque, white mass before my eyes and in the centro of this light I saw tlie face of my little darling, his eyes bright, his mouth smiling. The apparition,accompanied by the sound of his voice, was too short and too sudden to be called ¡t dream ; it w¡es too clear, toodeeided lo be called an efl'ectof imagi- nation. So distincly did I hear his voice that I looked round the room losco whether he was actually there. The sound I heard was that of extreme delight, such its only a happy child can utter. T thought it Wits tim moment he woko up in London, happy and thinking it was me. I said to myself, "Thank God, little Isidore is happy tes always."' Mr. , Keuleinaus describes tho ensuing day as one of peculiar brightness and iheerfuliiess. J lo took a long walk with a friend, with whom he dined ; and was afterwards playing a game of billiards, when he again saw the apparition ot his chilli. This nindi! him seriously uneasy, and in spite of having received'within three days the ¡issuraucn of the child's perfect health, he expressed lo his wife n conviction that he was dead. Next day ¡i letter arrived saying that »he child was ill ; but. the father was convinced that this was only an attempt to break the news ; mid, in fact, the child had died, after a few hours' illness, at the exact time of the first apparition." "Tho Kow ^V, S. Grignon, I lambrook, Bristol, writes to tis as follows ;-' 1 give tim annexed narrative of the apparition of ¡i deceased or dying person on the authority of my mother, tim late Mrs. Kliz.ihoth A*. Grigiiou, wife of the late William Stanford (¡ligiion, Ksq., of Upton, near Montego May, ?lamaica, and youngest sister of the well-known counsel, Sir .lames Scarlett, afterwards the first Lord Abinger. J re- ceived the account from her, and have lind it continued by my late sister, iWiss Kliza beth .Scarlett (írigtion, who had often heard it from our mother. I may say (hal my mother was ii cool-headed, accurate net'son. About the year 1820 she was resident tit Up'ston, in Jamaica, and had as an upper nurse in her family a Mrs. Duehoux, an Englishwoman, who had married a Frenchman ; with the exception of this nurse, every servant in the house was j black or brown. One morning my mother observed that this woman seemed much de pi essed, so much so that she pressed her for the reason. She said she was sure she should hear of the death of an aunt of bens resident in England. Her statement was ¡us follows :-She had got into bed, but not yet fallen asleep, and had before this locked the door of her bedroom. A negro girl was sleeping on a mattress on the floor of her room. Near the foot of her bed was a small table on which stood ti candle under a shade. Looking up, she saw a female figure,in a nightdress, standing with its back towards her at the foot of the bed, near the table with the light on it, and holding a roll of paper in its hand. As she looked, the figure turned its face round towards her, and she at once recognised an aunt then living in England. The figuro then moved towards the door, ¡uni seemed to pass out of it or disappear. On the arrival of the packet which left England shortly after the date of the appa- rition, a letter reached Mrs. Duehoux in- forming her that her aunt had died just about Uie date of the vision, and had in her will left her X'l 00. I cannot say that the time of the apparition coincided exactly with the last moments of the deceased. 1 doubt if this was inquired into at the time. But I remember that my mother stated that the woman had not previously bearii anything to make her anxious about her aunt.'" "The following account is given us by Mr. C. Colchester, of Bushey Heath, Herts : -' Forty-two or three years ago my father' was with a detachment of his regiment, the Royal Artillery, stationed at Montreal, Canada. He had left his mother some months before in England in an indifferent state of health. One evening he was sitting at his desk, writing to her, when my mother, looking up from her work, was startled to see his mother looking over his shoulder, seemingly intent on the letter. My mother gave a cry of alarm, and on my father turn- ing round, the apparition vanished. On the same evening, my brother and I (aged about 6 and 5 years) were in bed, watching the bright moonlight, when suddenly we saw a figure, a lady with her hands folded on her breast, walking slowly, between the bed and the win- dow, backwards and forwards. She wore a cap with a frill tied under her chin, and a dressing-gown of the appearance of white flannel, her white hair being neatly arranged. She continued to walk, it seemed to me, fully five minutes, and then was gone. We did not cry out, anil were not even alarmed, but after her disappearance we said to each other, " What a nice, kind lady !" and then went to sleep.' The children men- tioned what they had seen to their mother next morning, but were told not to talk about it. The news of their grandmother's death on that same evening arrived a few weeks afterwards. ' I may add,' Mr. Col- chester concludes, ' that neither I nor my brother had ever seen our grandmother till that evening, nor knew of what my mother had seen till years after. The apparition I saw is as palpably before me now as it was forty years since." "The following is a sample of another class of cases, of which there are several examples. It is contributed by Mrs. Gatos, Montpellier-road, Brighton, who is per- sonally known to the Avriters :-' One August morning tit breakfast, the Avell known feeling stole over nie. Waiting till all had left the table except my second daughter, I remarked to her, " I tun feeling so restless about one of our absent boys ! Tt is-, and I feel as if I was looking at blood !"' ' The son in question, in a letter received a few days biter, inquired of Mrs. Gates as follows :-' Write in your next if you had any presentiments last week. We were going to-canal fishing, and I got up at the first sound of the bell, and, taking my razor to shave, began to shttrpon it on my hand, *.iud being, 1 suppose, only half awake, failed to turn the razor, and cut ti piece clean out of my left baud. An artery was cut in two places, and I bled dreadfully.' Further details are given, which show that the pain and bleeding were probably at their maximum at the hour of Mrs. Gates's breakfast that same morning.'* 