'OiTRV SYDNEY LETTER. (From our ownG Coircs;ondent.) THURSDAY. DURING the ,week, little. of political import ance has'occurred.. iMr.. Alexander Bowman, who' at last election .was ousted by Mr. McQuade firom tthe; Hawkesbury -seat, is goingJto conitst. the ,lUpTiper Hunter, againsti Mr. R. H. D. Fitzgerald, and as the latter is a lawyer, of whom.:there are 'far tioo' many' in the Houis already,' aid the former'is much such 'a: rollicking;i boisterous: blade as Mr. McElhoine; it is likely that the Upper-Hunter people, will;, go. for Bowman. McElhone's! chances,i;for, Mudgee are, regarded as very slim,an';nd'the:bettingn is,.3 ,to i against-him.. He has declared that if rejected at Mudgee he will remain in private life; but we have. many instasce~s-notablly?that'. of Sir Henry Parkes-of people saying this and then'think-, ing better of the.determination, and-as,poli tics gave Mr. McElho't: "the greater part of the not6irietyh"he enjoys, I' an confident we shall soon find him declaiming and perspiring on other' lhustings than those of Mudgee. Meanwhile the Estimates are sailing through Committee at an unexampled rat?, and all the increases of salaries hitherto proposed have been agreed to. These estimates seem to me:very extravagant in the face of a de creasing revenue;' but they were drawn up by the.late Government, and the present one adopted them simply to avoid opposition, s:: that neither side of the House can deceiitly question them. , Underthese, circumstances I don't think the session .willlast many weeks longer. Mr. Farnell is plodding away at his Land Bill, arid a great frieild"of his 6 told me that it would not contain more than half-a dozeri clauses. I c6nfess that is unexplicable to me; but I give the statement as I received it. The Speaker has administered a slap rin the face to the Legislative Council, in decid ing that as the Inscribed Stock Bill was a money Bill they had no right to,,amend ,it; and so the Bill has been laid aside.. 'But the Ministry, who are very anxious to pass the measure; are going to bring in a 'new one embodying all the amendments, and so -it should go through all the stages of pas sing in. a few days. The- Rabbit Bill is making good progress in the Assembly, the Minister for Mines, Mr. J. P. Abbott, having shown the honorable members pretty clearly how urgently is the necessity that this rodent pest should be suppressed. During its consideration in committee the chairmari invariably announced Mr. Abbott as Mr. Rabbit, an eccentricity of prqnunciatiSn,; which, occurred very, happily and provoked' much merriment. The Government, acting on the advice of practical men who have had experience of' the thing in Jamaica, and following the example of New Zealand have orderedla number of mongoose from :India, for a'cýlitiiatization here.' This anikailis' a deadly foe to rabbits, snakes, aid lizards. and has almost cleared Jamaica of them. But as it is also a deadly foe to poultry, it may, when it has finished with the rabbits, turn its attention to our hen- roosts, 'and then we shall have to acclimatise something to clear off the: mongoose. In 'Victoria,: a Werribee squatter imported some foxes eight years ago, and turned, them loose, and the,,brutes have increased so much that they;;are: a ,perfect' pest in the district during -lambing time; This shows that 'caution should be'used in introducing four-footed colonists. However, the mongoose has no taste for lamb and':so the squatter may not objectfto him. On' Mofday imorning MrI Ernest 'Holds worth,a-. fine young fellow, liked by allIvho knew him, was drowned while bathing off the ocean beach at Maiily. ''Mr; Frank Wrench risked' his life to'save:hirim b'ut was-i'unable to do so, and the unfortunate lad (for' he was only ý'i'z) wasi car'ied;'off i'?ith',the? ,whirlpool between Fairy Bower and the Steyne 'H6tel; and disappeared.;: '.In ithe adfterndon' some: Kanakas were' sent down to recover the body, and while one of them was standing in the' surf, only up to his middle;,-he-suddenly gave a scream, - threw: up his -hards; and: disap peared. Some speculation, has arisen- .as to the cause of his death, the general opinion being that he' could not-have been takeflnby a shark as sharks do not come into the surf. But most people who know daything aboit our harbour know that there.i:is :a particular ly varocious sharknamedthe : Wabbegong,: which will came as close in shore as he can swim, and I have no doubt that the,wretched Kanaka, who,. had been ra;ipearl-diver ;iarid could swim like -a fish,, fell- a victim to the bite of a Wabbegong. ~( i:fter~flhii's??ecor'd casualty, not even a Kanaka.would venture into the fatal water. 'It is:a.:cryinig.shame to us that we have not long ere this established a .splendid bath onw the ocean beach at-Manly' for now;, this is the; only place 'near Sydney. where pe6oile can bathe in, unpollutted '.water. The Austral.was floated this morning, and towed into Neutral -Bay,'- until sh'e beachled again. The water :is.;now. flush j-withy:her hurricane deck, and 6 divers are busy, patch ing various port-holes and .other' openirgs. through which, she . leaks.,,. When, this, is done she will be raised still further, aid: then repaired sufficiently to: make her: capable of proceeding to England for a thorough over hauling.;- The ipoor vessel is,,a. dismalm sighlti just now, 'a moniument e f the ravages tlihat water can make in a 'few monnths There hias been '.'petfect fleet of 'yachts steameis, .and boats around her'for days, and sdomei'of the onlookers, who like myself .have travelled.sin her, when "she was in; her .pride,;a' ifloatiiig palace, could -not but.be: saddened at -,the: melancholy sight she 'now is. i·,There were rumours of enormous sharks; and legions of fish imprisoned in her, but thefirst jet- of, water from the pumps dispelled anrid falsified this idea. It was black anid putrid, putrid from stagnation since the coffer dam had isolated it, and black with the'.oil anid 'coal which it had absorbed fromi''the'vesel's 'in 'terior.''.If any' fish were there they'must have been 'the ghosts of'fish', for'nothinig that svwimr' could live in the hell-broth in birig pumptiled out. ' - " , . " " ' " The Rednolidsdo6 niot se'm i tobe' ,n'akig much progregss 'ir.i Certainl'y ,"25 pl)irsnsi have furhieda "branch iif the Land ' League with 'M, 'J.;'G: O'Coinn'o'r at theii" headi,' but the great ,delegate himself has. hadl 'the cold, shoulder turned to him' by'thle 'ifferent pub lic bodies.. .He was at a- picnic;at Clontarf: on Monday. given by the Trades Defencre Association; but he was not asked to! speak,' and some trepidation was felt lest he'shbuld do so. Mr. Dalley was there and responded -for tlie Ministry in a' speech' iswhich he used the ioratorical scalp)el oni,',Sir. lHenriy,Parkes very neatly. .,,., i ,. , . . There is nothing of interest to report in theatrical matters except that Maggie Moore is back in Sydney. 