CONSECRATION OF ST. PETER'S CHURCH, GLENELG. On Saturday, May 19, the ceremony of the consecration of St. Peter's Church, Glenelg, was performed by the BiBhop of Adelaide. The Church was crowded in every nart. a number having to avail themselves of the standing-room. The- URual service was read by the officiating clergyman, the Rev. S. French. The order of the consecration waa as follows:— The Bishop, with the accom panying clergy and laity, proceeded from St. Peter's Schoolroom to the west door of the Church in the following order :— The Build intr Committee, consisting of Messrs. A. Bonnin, P. Cooke, J. H. Cro -e, T. Crookall, J. F. Cudmore, C. Day, W. S. Douglas, H. R, Fenton, J. E. Treeth, J. K. Hawthorn, W. Mair. G. S. Martin, D. McCulloch, C. B. Mitchell, R. Smith, J. Soal. W. R. Wifrley, T G. Young, and E. Amand Wright. Next followed the choir and the assisting clergy, Bishop Kennion, attended by his Chaplain and Registrar, closing the procession. The Bishop having proceeded to the front of the altar (upon which the vessels for Holy Com munion were placed), Messrs. R. Smith and H. R. Fenton (Wardens), together with Mr. W. R, Wigley (one of the Trustees), pre sented to him the deeds of the Church, which His Lordship placed upon ' the holy table ; also a petition, praying him to consecrate the Church, which was read aloud. Prayer having been ottered by the Bishop, all stood up, while the sentence of consecration was read by the Registrar (Mr. A. Sturcke), signed by the Bishop, who, standing forward, Baid, 'I declare this Church of St. Peter to be now consecrated and set apart to God for ever, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen.' The 'Te Deum' was then sung, and the remainder of the service having been gone through, a sermon was delivered by His Lordship on the text, 'And of Zion it shall be said, this and that man was born in her ; and the highest himself shall establish her. The Lord shall count, when he writeth up the people, that this man was born there. As well the singers as the players on instru ments shall be there : all my springs are ia thee.'— Psalm Ixxxvii. 5, 6, and 7. This glorious Psalm, if properly interpreted, was put an anticipation of the New Testament itself. It s\\.oke in a spirit of catholicity, which the Jew would hardly be able to interpret, of the widespread influence and the vast range of the Church. In its lan guage and authorship the Psalm demanded attention, and, like Luther's favourite Psalm, it was psrhaps written after that wonderful delivery from the army of Sennacherib by which Jerusalem had been encompassed in the days of Hezekiah. Thw text, moreover, pointed most ful'y to the Church as being the home of the nation. Wherever the Church of England had spread she had carried with her those lineaments of holiness, truth, and order which the world's kingdoms could not supply. The services of the Christian Church were most important at the present time, when lawlessness was sweeping orer Europe, and making every throne tremble. Where could the conflicting strivings of the people be consolidated if not in the Christian _ spiritual citizenship, in which each nation, without losing its identity, may have its part and portion? The text spoke also of the bright inheritance above, where each one would become the recipient of God's holy spirit. But besides the home of the nation, the Church was alsa the home of the individual, and we might thank God indeed that it had been reserved for nsto see the awakening love for the grand truth of the corporeity of the Church and the realizing oi the fact that we are one grand body ; that we are not isolated congre gations, but that we are met together aa one great body, of which Christ Jesua is the unseen Head. There were so many scattered communities that it might seem impossible for men to realize that they were one tabernacle, in which the spirit of Chris tianity should ever dwell ; yet we should thank God that we were privileged in this day to see the Church awakening to the fact thatunless they were united as agreatSociety. perpetually gathering strength, they would not be qualified for the great work that lay before them. The words of the text, more over, breathed.as it were, an anticipation of the rite of baptism, which make3 every one a member of the Church of God. Those who fully realized the words would come truly to consider the Church as their home,, and Christ, as preached therein, as the etrengthener and refresher of their bouIb in the Zion of God's House. The preacher then referred to the oblation, benediction, and consecration which they nad witnessed, and which had hallowed that spot and made it holy# for them, when they should come to it in a spirit of true reverence. In conclusion he exhorted those present to give freely towards retaoving the debt which remained on the Church. The service terminatedwith the apostolic benediction. St. Peter's ia a large and commodious Church, and is capable of seating 600 persons. In size it is 91 ft. by 46 ft., exclusive of the chancel, which is 25 f fc.. by 21 ft. The total cost will he about £4,000. It replaces the old Church that occupied the same site, and which, by reason of its small size, was unsnited to the growing wants of the Anglican community of Gleneig. Blue Ribbon Principles nr Belgium. — Blue Ribbon principles are evidently in fluencing Belgian authorities, for a time honoured custom in tlie Brussels Chamber of Deputies haa lately been abrogated, much to the wrath of the members. Formerly (so says the Brussels correspondent of the Paris Figaro) the traditional glass of water pre pared to wet the parched throat of every Parliamentary orator was replaced in the Brussels House by a 'grog au cognac.' These 'grogs' were not only rapplied to the actual speakers, but frere solemnly handed round by the Housa officials every hour to the deputies, reporters, and foreign journalists, while the 'grogs' at the tribune itself was replenished as often as the orator pleased. But this year the ' grogs' have vanished, and only humble eau sucrie. is handed round; while, though there is a bar for supplying the beloved ''jrrogB,' the depnties have to pay for them. Remon strances having proyeduselesg, the head of the Opposition now brings his brandy flask with him, and when he gets his eau merit ostentar tiously mixes his own 'grog.' Not only hia followers, but his opponents take the hint, and the flasks appear all down the benches, in the hopes of shaming the Government out of their economical fit. 