TURF TOPICS AND ANTICIPATIONS. 15V ASMODEDS, Too Bondigo Stecplcchaso Mooting on tlio 20th was not nearly bo successful as might hayo been oxpectod when tho programmo- first saw daylight, and why owners should have neglected to patronise tlio Epsom gnlhoring moro liberally is somewhat of amystory. Tho nowly appointed secrotary, Mr. H. Roberts, has, however, no causo for sclf-roproach ; on tho contrary, his initial effort was arranged and carried out with a completeness which augurs well for tho futuro success of the club, nnd universal sympathy was expressed with.Mr. Roberts that tho paucity of tho ontries militated so sororoly against the - success of the undertaking, which, from its ox. ccllent management, certainly deserved a better fate. What explanation can bo givon of a £100 Steeplechase at this, of all periods of tho year, attracting bat two starters ? Surely there mustbe some .wonderful " dark uns" lying by for the approaching Girand National Meeting, or Sarawak . would have been spared the fbtilo task of oppos ing tho slashing Vaulter ainglchanded. Owners, . if this be the explanation, would do well to- re member that "little fish. are sweet," and that whilo . carefully "pickling" a good thing, tho substauco is sometimes lost in pursuit of tho shadow. Corrigan repeated his oft-porformcd feat of winning a double in tho ono afternoon, , carrying off tho two Hurdlo Races on fusilier and Spring respectively. Scobio, after a dosporato strugglo on Wild Harry, just missed a similar honor through tho chcsnut's inability to catch fusilier in the run homo. The Telegraph Stakes, which producod tho biggest field of tho day (sovon), was won by Omadhaun, or, more cor rectly speaking, by Sam Cracknel), for the' champion light weight, waiting quietly until Terminus, Sunlight and Belle Brandon hod dis posed of eaoh other in turn, brought Omadhaun through his tiring opponents with a single effort, lind won with groat case. Notwitlistand. ing tho early downfall of Sarawak in the Steoplo- chaao/tho subsequent solitary journey of Yaultcr was not so uninteresting as might bo supposed, the splendid fencing of the chestnut affording a treat to tho spectators. I don't think I havo seen a moro elegant jumper than Vaulter in- Australia, and it will not supriso mo if. liis asso elation with that excellent horseman Scobio re sults in a similar succession of victories to those gained by Floyd and Simpleton, Corrigan ahd.Lono. Fond, Fred Johnson and , Banker, and other past successes which havo ' been recorded in tho days that have been. In; tho Time Trot! Oliver failed to mako up tho starts givon to his half dozon opponents',' and :"finishod fourth, Hector winning from fiifst; to lost. Spring won the Soiling Hurdlo Race, - as. mentioned ubovo, with Morry Maid nndXit tie Annie licxL Mr. 0. F.Trasor's pony veteran Pomhcrlcy started for this event/ but was distanced. ; " Tho total attendance at-iho Bendigo ineieting was about 1600, thtr special train arranged for by Mr. Joseph Thompson convoying, about a couple of hundred from Melbourne. ' The Sandhurst cabmen did'.' a good Btrbka af businoss dospitb tbo .mull attendance, as no trains ran to the courso. Tlio road/ therefore, presented a' far gayer appearanco .than might liavo been ex pected. Notwithstanding the large oatrio3 received for the various ovouts to bo run at tbo V.A.T.C. Meeting to-day, Mr, Barhurd.'had the weights apportioned and published in remarkably > quick timo, and as readers' of The' Leader who havo during tho post season followed my prognostics! tions will oxpect an expression of opinion on tho votoroh handienppor's work, it.bocomcs my duly to attempt (diagnosis, the rcsultcf which will I liopo bring more. grist to tho. mill of thoso to whom I have on many former occasions pointed out tbo apparently good and bad things, with, I am pleased to gay, a satisfactory dcgrcq of suc cess. ; " ,i - ,-Tho. first item on to-day's card is ono which has not called for tho handicappor's supervision, tbo Boiling Race, with allowancos. At a glanoo the names of Egorton, Nymph, Quobn Elizabeth and Halifax striko tho oyo favorably, but as my gonornl rule has boon to go straight for ono whenover I havo folt at all justified, it would bo but poor satisfaction, to his followers for " As- modeuB" to lot thorn ehooso from a quartotte. 1 will/ therefore, coino straight to tho point.dcciar- irig'that despito tho soiling allowances to Egorton and Quoon Elizabeth, nnd duly appreciating the filet that Halifax is an undoubted clipper, I ox- peot to seo-Mr. S. Q. Cook open tho ball by winning with NYMPH. Tho . Hurdlo Race has indacod a capital, ontry, consisting of a deoided mixture of first, second and third rat era, and Mr. Barnard could havo bad ho doubt about placiog ftamo at tho top of tlio list. Even with 12 at. 0 lb. I should havo expected tho Ballarat homo to win . over ' the distance, but ho has bcon withdrawn, nnd will not bo soon on tho heath to-day. Mr. Inglis's clover gelding Buzzau honorod with -second placo in tho handicap, and hia liking for ' tbo courso and tho asaistanco of .his skilful, and plucky ownor must put him docidodly in it despito bis being called upon to carry 11 st, 3 lb. Considering tbo capital running of Triplot -in Adolaido, Mr. Weokoa has no causo to grumble at an. impost of 10 st. 131b., at which woight I look upon thq Adolaido moro as woll ; treated. 1 am not particularly sweet oh Tramp, Gambler or Avalancho 'this timo, nnd Black Prince is too unreliable, Devil. hoof m:ght effect a surprise, bnt I hardly think it will coroo off, and cvon at tho diffcrenco in woight I don't liko Brcnda so woll as her stable companion. Stormbird and Miller, both recent winnors, arc lot down easily, bnt I doubt If eithor is class enough for this field. Panic's daughtor Musidora performed clumsily at Flemington on tho Queen's Birthday, but in trno form is very fast over tlio distance sho will bo callod upon to compass to-day. Bendigo, with bis light woight, I liked very much, but ho has been withdrawn, and from thoso above mentioned I shall pin my faith to " ' BOZZA, ahd bold Triplot next in esteem. Considering tho numhor of yonng. Australians who love to follow tho ohaso it snrprisea mo that 11 race ' liko tho -Victoria G.ol,d Cap . Bhould uot attract a more: numerous entry than it has, and 1 am rather, afraid tha_t owners feel that unless tlicy can obtain tho assistanco of ono of about half n dozen Corinthians it is only spoiling a good horse to start him. Snroly thero should not bo such groat disparity between tho few ac- knowlodgod cracks and about a score of tho next host ; yet if it ho not that owners considor they havo no show without a Watson, Inglis, Martin, or Glasscock in tho saddle, how is it that attractivo prizes for amateur stcoplcchaso riders fail to attfact turgor entries ? ' Abdullah whoso recent doobio victory in South Australia showed that " ago cannot withor" him, 5b rightly called upon to carry top weight, 12 st. 12 lb., Don Silva heing awarded 3 lb. less. Mr. Inglis's chostnnt has, however, been scratched.' Magic has also bcon withdrawn, and I fancy that the brilliant iittlo Black Jacket must beat Scotchman, who is called upon to concodo him 4 lb. I doubted Ascot's ability to negotiatatho timbor, and find that ho has rc- tirod ; nor do I think tlmt either Ycrlo, Gold Top, Baronot or Actieon can beat tho heavier woights, the best hf whom I tako to bo BLACK JACKET, whoso immediate follower should bo Abdaliali. It must be romemfaered that Black Jaoket iB entered for tho Open Stocplochase which follows, : and for which ho may possibly ho rcecrved. Tho Open Steoplcchaso bos attracted a capital ontry, and Blackthorn's lato running does not justify- tbo opinion that ho coald give the- weight- to Harper- Thompson and Yaultcr. So ovidontly thinks Mr. Phillips, who bos an nounced his intontion to withdraw and sell tho horso.- Considering how straight Vaulter has gono of lato, end tlmt tho C.unliicld heath was the scone of his first victory, I fail to sco how Harper- ' Thompson can ho expected to give him weight, - for the Ace's chestnut son can carry every pound of 11 st. 2 lb., and is withal a glorious fencer— | qualities which will - also, I think, enable him to i show tho road to Magic, although tho letter's | withdrawal from tho Gold Cup , looks - liko ' -business. ' Alhnmbra is very nicely: weighted, nnd, to condense my remarks,! may say that at 11 st. so consistent a performer must have a big show, and that I liko nothing: below him but Black Jackot. As thero - is a groat amount of uncertainty -as to what' horses may. coino' to the jJost I shall placo three, with - the distinct understanding that with a start I go for each straight out in. the order named, my first choice beings . VAULTER, . if. ho starts, otherwise, I look to AmuiinnA j and, in tho ubseneo of both, I shall stand. by Busk Jacket. . 'vr-'.. v.-./ Tho liberality of tho-'olnVwith . regard to tho Ladies' - Trophy mado it' no matter of surprise ' that .167'; nominations/were, received, /infact/ I confess that I'expected to seo far mora ; but as a<\- tremendous: proportiohof- thorn will <lmost likely start it is as -well that' tho' number, is ' not larger than'at present., As every oho must havo expected, Mr. .Bfunard has assigued the post of honor to -Welcomo: Jack, and although 9 st. 121b. is a rare' stoadior for a four-yoar-old, it is not enough, to place Bothnul Green's son amongst tho Road division by any moans, for it js only . a month since, ho. ran the distance (within a length) -.in 1 ' min. 16 sec.,: with only 6. lb.- lesB. woight. -But this was at Flemington, qnd'I very much doubt bis ability to. repeat tbo perform ance at CunlScUl, in -such a field as .this will ossnTcdly bo.' As it would bccomo tedious work discussing tbe individual chances of tho 67 nominated, I will briefly sumraariso them in classes, commencing with the Sst. and upward division, from which my choice would bo l Egorton, : Squireen and Josophinc, notwith standing tho opposition of sneh good perfor mers as Transferred, Wizard and . others; I must confess that tbo disappointing grey maro has well nigh tired out my former faith in her, bnt tho rccont cbango of hands may havo broken the spoil. However, I profor Sqniroon beforo her, moro cspocially as bo likes tbo courso. Between 7 st. and 8 st. thero is a list which muBt havo cauBcd Mr. Bar nard a few hoars' worry, and so skilfully havo they been brought together that it is almost impossible to select a bo?t or worst treated. If Dougalston bad retained his paco bo would road Tory like a winner at 7 st. 11 lb., but hia last appearanco at Canlfield doosnot justify tbo sup position. Boatman, Mary ana Kit Nubbles can aUgallop a bit, but to any one of this quar- telto I much profor Bar Ono at 7 st. 12 lb., for I don't forget how in March last ho polished off Pollio, King Lud and Zambesi in tbo Lanriston Handicap, besides which this Tom King gelding has froquontly run forward in protty good com pany. Under 7 st, Coisar, Quoon Elizaboth and Tichborno look as woll as anything ; but I don't expect tho winner to bo found amongst tho light, woights this timo. Having glanced cursorily at tho tbroo divisions of tho handicap, I am called upon to mako a final selection, no easy task in such a Hold, but, nevertheless, ono which most bo undertaken ; therefore, I deolaro in favor of BAR ONE, next to whom I liko Eoem-oh and SqumEEy. Owing to tbo withdrawal of a nnmborof horaos from tho various events, I havo boon compelled toaltor tbo abovo anticipations to somo- oxtont sinco the country edition of Jhe Leader wont to press, Magio from tho.Gold Cup and Chuckstcr from tbo Trophy, boing tho two most; important defections sinco Wednesday. -. : ' < Members of tho Victoria Amateur Turf Club triUfcd' gratified to hoar that the-commlttooarid their secrotary, Mr. N. R. D. Bond, havo bcon bnsy of lato in still further providing for their comfort and convenience. Mr. Bond's latest effort on behalf of members of tho V.A.T.C. is in connection with their transit to and from the courso, nnd on Tuesday last a twelvemonth's contract with tho Govornmont was completed, which provides that members of tho clnb on pro duction of their member's tickets will ho con- vcyod to tho Canlfield courso by rail on all raco dnya freo of chargo. Nor is this all. A further boon has been secured in tho fact that every member is allowed the privilege o£> taking two ladies (who must of courso havo tickets, two of which aro presented by the club to oach member) without payment of railway faro. Such a liberal concession to 'members of a club speaks well for tho spirit of tho V.A.T.C. committee, and cannot fail to increaso the roll very considerably. Such indeed should bo tho case, for it is unnecessary to say that tho arrangement bo successfully completed is attonded ' by a" largo ox- penso to tho club. Mombers who' have thoso advantages extended to them will of courso remember that the Govornmont are fuily awaro that tickets of membership are not transferable, but can only bo used by those ill whose names they are mado oat. The contract commences to day. " . Spocial trains . for Canlfield racecourse-, will lcavo Flinders-street station to-day at 1X50, 12 (noon), 12.15, 12.30 and 1.15. Tho latter timo has been arranged for the.. convenience of thoso who cannot leavo business until 1 o'clock / pas sengers by tho 1.15 train will only miss tho Selling Raco, arriving before tho Hurdlo Raco is started. Ail truo sportsmen mnst regret that tho dates of tho Gcelong and and Sale moorings have been allowed to clash, and will hopo with. m-j that wiser consels may yet prevail, the olivo - branch bo held out, and matters orrangod- amicably, in stead of both clnbs remaining 6rm ' to a resolvo which must lead to mutual loss and- dissatis faction. I can certainly soe aomo Iittlo' force in tho argument of tho Genlong Clnb that their meeting ha3 always been hold at abont the timo proposed for this year, but still as an. actual matter of deciding upon a date, 1 believe the Salo folks were the first to. speak, thorcby estab. lishing tho right of first in the field. Bnt no good can como of bandying recrimination, or of a month's discussion as to which has right on their .sido ; the solid fact remains that if the dates are loft as now arranged both meetings will suffer to some extent,- and such an undesirablo consum mation should bo at all hazards avoided. If then each sido claiming justification refuses to budgo for tho maiutcnanco of" dignity, I suggest that moBt just of all tribunals— arbitra tion. Let theso temporary foes from tho East and West snbmit their oases to the V.R.C. com- mittoo, or say three of its momberB,-: and abide by tho decision arrived at. . Sorely, this could he dono without either sido feeling that the leek had been swallowed, and tho result be satisfactory to both parties. Should this course bo followed ono of tho clubs would probably Bclcct'ouo of the last days in July in preference to a week's postpone ment, riis tbe latter, course would prevent, -many attending who desirc to" bo present at tbe Syd ney TattersalTs meeting on tho 11th August. I can woll imagine that' Messrs: Barnard and Scurr will waken on tho- morning of Monday next/tho 2nd of July, with a long drawn sigl of relief, - after having' "waded through " ii ; sea of prat performances and memoranda', anil 'com pleted the great Spring. Handicaps/ tho publica tion of which will fairly -set the ball rolling for the season 1883-4.' Oil Monday the' 'woights aro to :be declared for tho Melbonrno Onp,tbe Groat Metropolitan Stakes, the'Hawkesbury Handicap and tho V.RiC. Winter Steeplhcbaso Mooting— a nica little dish for'racing 'men to digest /and an Idea of tho bandicappers" task may Bo formed whoa I mention that' for theso events the aggre gate number ff horses to bo handicapped amounts to no loss than 419. As a matter of coarse tho Melbourne Gup will claim the attention of the general public throughout tho length and breadth of Australia, hut in Melbourne tho Grand National' weights will ho scanned with great interest, as the mooting takes placo on tho 21st of. next month, Tho ' Hawkosbnry Handicap serving actually to opon the Spring campaign is always interesting to tnrfitcs, whilst of the Metropolitan it may be said that our own great Cap raco alone oxceeds it in Importance. Althongh details of the Grand Prix do Paris are not yet to hand thero is Iittlo doubt that the winner was steered by F. Archer, tho celebrated English jockoy, who was ongagod somo weeks boforohand by tho Due da Custrio to ride Frontin in the Fronch Derby. At tho Nowmarkot Second Spring Meeting on tho 8th of May a match was run ovor tho Rous Courso between Mr. Carington's two year old colt Tourist and a filly by Wonlock — Iudeoisiou belonging to tbe Duke of Portland. Tbo stakes woro 100 sovs, 25 forfoit, tbo colt carrying 8 at, 12 lb. and giving tho filly 3 lb. Tho most inter esting foaturo of tho match lny in tho fact that tho duel was to bo fonght by Fordhnm and Archor. Theso two artistic rivals started at a slow pace, which was maintained for tho greater portion of tho journoy, each knowing too well tho othor's skill at a finish. Stoam was at length pnt on, however, and a splomlid tusscl ensued to tho end, where " Old Gcorgo " on the colt just managed to stall off his younger rival and won by a nook. Threo weoks beforo tho English Derby was run Tho Princo who, it will bo romombored, ran third to Halliard and Goldfindor in tho Two Thousand Guinoas, was sold to a gontlemon who races under tho namo of " Mr, Adrian," for a largo sum, statod to bo £10,000. Tho Two Thous and Guineas running lod to gonornl bolicf that Tho Prince could turn tho tables ovor tho Derby course, honco the purchase, which turned out on unfortunate ono for tho buyor, as His Royal Highness failed to got a place at Epsom, Walton, tho Amorican "plunger," has ro- turnod to England, tha scano of his sensational and saccossful transactions a conplo of years ago, which, bowovor, according to all accounts, woro subsequently atoned for by heavy losses. : They ovidontly know what aknobk ont moans in the old country, for I learn by last mail that Si Blaise, a week beforo tho -Dorby was run, was so " pepperod" that 1000 to 16 was offered, and lato that night 40 to 1 could havo been cosi fjh obtained. A nice handy price that, to back A winner at, within a weok of tho race. Tho following titbit i3 from tho Lendot Sportsman of 11th May:— "A striko of ttablq boys has takon placo at the extensive racing CSV tablishmont of Princo Halzfoldt, Hoppongarlefi near Boriin. It seems that on Friday last tflcf youths woro served with a meal of herrings ari potatoes, and, as was tho oaso with Sam Wdler'sl ' wictim of oppression in tho suit of brimstone1? who was required to cat cold meat, they rffij voltod, So violently woro their feelings out ragcX that they pansod not to hand in thoir resigned tions, but literally throw up thoir appoint locntu' at an instant's notice. We Icarn that tho princo' trainer has boon pnt to much inconTonicnco, taj tho racing Benson is now in full swing. WV should imagine that 'Billingsgate phe.-mntaf and ' Irish fruit' will 'henceforth ho eliminated from tho menu of tho Hoppongarton training quarters."' Charles Wood, who is this season running hoefc'; " nnd neck with Archerand ForcIhomforthonrcateOit' number of winning mounts in England, mado- ii' good haul in tho Manchester Cup, which, by/thm by, ho also won last yoar. Wood being oiigagoilj to rido-Primrose .il. worked very hard to geb- down to tho weight 7 St. 21b., but after all'.hgd to carry 4 lb. over, wbiob lie did," and to victory1: and received as a reward for bis trouf-io autt skill tho nice round sum of £1000. 1 : ' / Notwithstanding tho heavy state of tlio. turX 'owing to recent rain tbo Accession Meeting' of thq Adelaide Racing Club was snooessfnlly curried out in - tho prosonco of His Excellency tho Governor and Lady Robinson,- and a very fail? attondanoo for an off meeting. Particulars of tho racing havo already boon given in The Leaden but it appears that the closa finish in tho'StecpleV chase led to an inquiry by th stewards into thq riding of Hussoy, who piloted Tho Jokor. This liorso had apparently tho best of it at .tho last fe'nco, hut Taxaraxacum boat him in tli'o -racq homo by a short nock, and Hossoy's fiuidiSvaii immediately called into question, itboing iboiight that ho bad not dono bis best. In answor'tb tho stewards' demand for an explanation' thq - jockoy affirmed that lie bad so weakened himV self by wasting to rido: The Jokor that hi wiis qnito unable to assist tho horse at tho 'finish and tho stewards accepting tho statomcn . dig. missed him with a caution;- The cxpia .ition appears to hen perfectly feasible ono, then uro bo as Hussey's character has always ! believe been iireproachable, and'tlio horso bore evident, signs of soverc punishment. -1 The veteran sportsman, Mr. ' William Filgatej so well known on tho Victorian turf, having beett appointed starter, to tho South' Australian' Jockej Clnb, rccoivod his initiation at 'tho'Accessioit Meetingrecently hold.' Mr. Filgato's first :exi perionco was a trying ono, several of tho 'ridcis in the first raco showing an inclination to' insnhi ordination, but to no purpose, as thcy',.werq called back more than once, Mr. Filgatc' acquit ting bimsolf id a most satisfactory manner. , , ' | Efforts aro to bo made, and'at once, I believe1/ fo soenre tho formstio'n of a siding at Wyiidham; news which will bo 'appreciated by tho'so"' wliq havff hud experience of 'the bleakness frcqneritly enconntered there whilst waiting ' for' a tray without' h'opa or cbanoe; "of . sholtar. I r.inVfiolS awaro to what extent tho Railway departmeiit'iirq likely to go,'but oven if tlio accommodatioh is'only sufficient to provide room for a train into whiclt shivering folks might got to wait its departure spmo'good will have boon done. " , ,' j. Yloterianjporfsmcn who Lave visited/ Taq» mania wRl .road with rqgrot tho following cxt'ratt from tho Tasmanian Mail, relating ,to. at.woli esteemed, identity in racing cixclo3 in tho tight little islmad :— "Sportsmen throughont the. wholq of Tasmania, and even those of the neighboring 'cbloniqs, :where ho.is.oqualiy well-known, friU.he sorry.to loarii that the bid ahd-respoctcd cierk of the scales,- Mr. Walter. Graham, is-'in failing health, which, necessitates bis -early retirement from business. , Since tbe old coaching days Mr' Grabam baa occupied tbo position, of miuo host - of tbeEardley Arms', where ho formed numerous acquaintances, who spont many a pleasant ban listening to' Wal ter's experiences in days gone by. It is sincerely to bo hoped that the respite from business will- ouable. him to gain his fornoi! strength, and that for years to como hia genial face will bo scon at our. town and country, gq, therings." Somo timo ago I mentioned that Mr. F. Wood- houso had bcon ongagod on a portrait of Tho Asa syrlan and Robort Batty, who rodo tho eon of Countryman in the Hoburt Cup. From tho Tat, manian Mail I loarn that the picture 1ms rc... . 10(1 its destination and evoked unlimited approval1! being spoken, of as "asplondid piecoof workj which may bo said to excel anything that Mr, Woodbooso has dono bofore." This iscertainly:thq highest prniso tbo artist coubl desire, considering that all his previous efforts havo been pronounced decided successes. ThoSydncyTurf Club aro determined todesorva in tho future tho success which has attonded theie pastofforts. The programmes for thoir meetings in October and January next rospocbivoly arc liber, ally arranged, an aggregate of £750 being added to tho formbr and £1200 to tho latter. . A feeling of painful anxiety was causod in thq early part of tho wook, owing to a rumor that .thq Loch Tortidon, in which . Messrs. Warner and Glasscock, jun., had sailed for India with a valuable cargo of borscs, hnd boon wrecked off Capo Otway. Prompt inquiries, liowover, Bhowod that tho report was apparently without founda tion, so far as could bo learnt from thoso in thq immediate vicinity of tho rumored catastrophe. ' ' Tlio .Victoria Gold Cup to bo run for this afternoon at Caulfiold has been on view during tho- weok in the window of Messrs. H. Yonng and 8on, of Collihs- stroot east. The trophy.is an c» tremcly olegant Etruscan vaso) surmounted by q woll modollod figure of a mounted tborauglibrcd, Ono side ia occupied by a spirited rcproscptatiog of -a stoeplocbaso and beautifully ornamented',' room- of courso boihg loft for an inscription. Thq cup, which is valued at 100 jpiinoas, reflects th greatest credit on tho manufacturers. His Honor Judge Boueaut;'- having declined Id docido us . to tho powor possossod by Messrs,' Blacklor and Forry under thoir looso, has dee cidodto leave it a question for tho Full flonrt at the September sittings, Under these flirftni),. BtaiicosborfunflJcerswhorofuaodtotay tbo £10 Hocusing fee at tho late mooting, will bo com- tolled to do so at tho ensuing tocos in Angast at tho option of tho liconsoes. Tho metallicians lean, howow, if thoy liko, pay tho monoyinto .Court ponding tho decision abovo roferred to, obtaining a re-fund should the loose be con sidered defecttvo. Visitors to Ficmington y?ho can look back to Bid tiincB have often sighed over tho Question- ablo judgment which many years a£ decided Upon tho removal of tho water jump from tho Steeplechase coarse, owing to tho very decided disinclination of some of tho th.cn cracks to iiogotiato the obstacle. I confess to being amongst thoso who look upon a otooplochnso cotirso ss shorn of its fair proportions if wanting O brook, ditch, dyko or something akin to ono of Ihoso, and am rejoiced to know that on Mr. tlox's new coarse at Moonco Valley a natural water jump exists right in front of tho grand Stand, which tho proprietor informs mo ho in- fends to utilise. This information will bo ac ceptable nows, I am anro, to tho generality of Sporting folks, and will considerably increase tho attraction of tho now noariy completed Moonco Valley course -and public iutorest in the opening mooting on tho 11th August. . Tbo Winter Mooting of tho Mooroopna Racing Club takes places to-day, tho progratnmo in cluding a. Winter Handicap, Hurdle Race, Tjfoltor Handioap and Soiling Hack Raco. Tho Woltor Raco is likely to excite a good deal of local enthusiasm, tho trophy being a very hand- Bomo French clock presented by Messrs. Maofarlane and Sons, of ElizaboUi-atrcct. ! Although I am happy to say that matters con nected with tho prizo ring, or its almost Immo- diato surroundings, seldom claim my earnest at- lion, I have boon forcibly struck by tho wail lhat has arisen from some fow small backers of trofossor Miller in the Iato glove contest. I am Credibly informed that theso persons, who wero positively unknown to Miller himself, clubbed to. gother a small sum towards the stako, which they have received back with a handsome profit. Tho grumblers are evidently pcraons whoso love «i "shout per ahent" is stronger than their knowledge of tho etiquotto supposed to rulo thoso matters, and as X bcliovo Professor Miller to bo a thoroughly straightforward and cstimablo follow, conspicuously a credit to his line of bnsinoes, I would adviso him in future to havo none of tho sui ill fry meddling in his business, for thoy are iievor likely to do it any good. Profiting by tho recent unpleasant experiences of others, tho Williamstown Racing Club havo taken timo by tho forelock, uud announced that llicy will hold a mooting on tho Princo of Wnics's j)irlbday,tho 9th November. ..' Host Wednesday and Thursday, tho 4th and, trtli July, tho winter ineotiog of tho Mouul j&ambier; Racing Clnb takes place, Tuesday being -tbo day of general entry. Sir Edward and Rosemary being in tho A. J.O. forfeit list, thoir respective ontrlos for tho Great 'Metropolitan Stakes are informal. The moating of the Sandhurst Trotting Clab, which was to havo boon hold next Wednesday, iho 4th prox,, has been indefinitely postponed jlwing to the bad condition of tho track at tho present time. Messrs. W. C. Yuillo and Co. report having sold Mr. Hnrtle Fisher's well known pony Teddy To Mr. E. Weeks ; tho three-year-old colt Orion to tho Pastoral Investment Company ; tho woli mown horse Bosworth, full brother to Richmond, Warwick, Palmyra and Segcnhoo, toMr.Mattbew Bryant ; seven 'well bred mates to Mr. W. R. Virgoo, and havo leased to tho latter gonticmcu tho stallion Alarm, siro of Blackthorn, Loitham- Stead, Fright, Ac. By the steamship Natal, which sailed on Thursday, Little Jack, tho winnor of tho Caul- Sold Cup, Adolaido Birthday Cup and Gcelong Handicap, took his departure for Mauritius. It was supposed when Mr. Wookes purchased tho clipping little son of King Colo and Charade that India would be his destination ; siuco then, how- Over, Messrs. W. 0. Yuillo and Co. found a tmyor at a prico which tempted Mr. Woekcs to Bell again, and there can be little doubt that in his now locale this excollent colt will worthily maintain tho roputation of bis parontogo and birthplace. Binco tho publication of tho Cauifiold woights Humorous inquiries havo boon mado about several horses in the Brafeolct Race, confined of Courao to thoso whoso starting is almost certain. Notwithstanding tho iargo ontry, however, layers havo shown but littio inclination for big busi ness, tho wagors hooked in all cases boing for modorato amounts. Josephino, Transferred and Tho Ghost appear to bo most fancied, tho prico boing about 100 to 6, but the transactions havo keen so limited as to point to the probability of some heavy hotting at tho post. Supcrba is now quite as good a favorite as Second King for tho MaribyrnongPIato, 100 to 8 beingoffored against either, with nothing else inquired for. The near approach of tho Spring Handicaps has caused Intending investors on tho Melbourne Cup to wait thoir appoaranco in proforenco to taking tho chance, especially as it is generally allowed that tho Cup Handicap must bo of a high stan dard. Warwick and Arohio still rnn nock and nook for tho' V.R.C. Derby at 0 to l.with Off Color appoint more offered freely. From Sydnoy I glean that Warwick is booked almost n moral for the A. J.O, Derby, and a fow spooulative transac tions have boon" recorded on the Hawkesbury Handicap, Forest King being most in esteem at about 100 to 7, and Morpeth and Sardonyx at 100 to 4 and 0. Tbo leviathans of. tho sister Colony havo also opened double books on tho Waterloo and Melbourne Cups, which appear to afford a rather favorite medium for speculation, tha tempting prico of 500 to 1 boing too mucli lor the public to resist. . Ou Friday a little speculation was indulged in Cvor tho Radios' Trophy, Verdure being a slightly batter favorite than anything else, 100 to S being accepted. A nuznbor.of small wagors were laid about Tho Ghost, -.King' Charles, Wizard, Josopliino and Cassiopeia at 100 to 6 ; John l'ool nud Kamhrook finding a fow frionda at 100 to 6, Tho other events of . tho V.A.T.C. jneotitig recoived no attention worth, mention ing. ' ' 