MELTON,.. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) The annual race meeting of our local Club has again to be noted as an event of the past. When compared with similar trysts at Exford-it cannot be considered as successful as those of past seasons. Run about a month later than lst year, it would appear that the plethora of racing during the past few weeks, and especially the several meetings held on St. Patrick's Day, had the effect of satiat- ing the sporting tastes of those whohad nominated for Melton. The hot and disagreeable weather of the previous day changed to a thick and drizzling rain in the morning, which had a marked effect on the general attendance of visitors: 'Fortunately, the day broke out fine before the first race, and remained so tillevening. No improvements worth recording have been madesincelastyear. Although a jockeys' dressing room is an absolute necessity and shouldhbe erected at once.. The programme was excellent, comprising sir events,'and the added money amounted to £.190. The nominations received numbered 56; the accepitances 41, but owing to the numerous horses which were with drawn at the last moment the fields were limited, and the racing of a poor description. There was very little speculation, and the odds were of the shortest kind possible. Those who had purchased the booth, gate, &c.;, could not have realised a bountiful harvest, owing to the circumstances men tioned above. The hon. Secretary and Stewards got through their labours punctually and satis factorily, and it is to be regretted that their efforts to provide a day's enjoyment.were not better rewarded. Probably before the next meeting the railway will have reached the course. and as the station adjoins the stand, metropolitan sportsmen will have no hesitation'in patronising the efforts of the local and other gentlemen who work in the interest of the sports here. Appended are the re sults, which call for no extended report. Suffice it to sayeverything paesed offquiptly, andno accident occurred. - ' HANDICAi HUnRDLE" RACE, of035 sode. Aboutttwo miles. Nomination, 1 sov. Acceptance, 1 sor. Mr. J. W. Robertson's br-in Blue Bell, 5 yrs.," 9st. 4lbs. .. (Kelly) 1 Mr.J. O. Inglis's g g Cavalier, aged, 9st.101bs. . . (Owner) 2 Mr. G. Cripps's br m Yarree, 5 yrs., 9st. 61bs. (Howit) 3 Mr. W. Hart's b g Pride, 6 yrs., 10st. 71bs. (Casey) 0 Mr. J. R. Fairchild's ch g Murraboug, 5 yrs., 9st. ... ... ... (Jellet) 0 Cavalier and Pride were the favourites, especi ally the latter, after his Saturday's running. Yarree, however, was the first to show the way over the sticks, followed by Pride who had taken the lead passing the stand; thisorder was main tained round the back of the course where Blue Bell forged to the front, followed by Cavalier and Yarree, Pride tailing off last,: Bhiu Bell winning easily, Cavalier getting second place, with Yarree third. MAIDEN PLATE, of 20 sovs. Three-quarters of a mile. Weight for, age. Entrance, 1 sov. Mr. J. Paterson's bl g Black Diamond, Gyrs., 9st. ... ... (Hughes) 1 Mr. J. Harper's b f Fron Frou, 2 yrs., 6st. 131bs. ... (Kelby) 2 Mr. MS. Branighan's b m Wild Lady; 6 yrs., 8st. 111bs. ... .... (Owner) 3 These were the only starters out of six on the card. Frou Frou made the running, followed by Black Diamond, Wild Lady outpaced last'; 'coming down the straight, Black Diamond assumed the lead, and won hard held from Frou Frou. MIELTON HANDICAP, of 50 sovs. One mile and half. Nomination, 1 sov. Acceptance, I sov. Mr. J. R. Fairchild's br m-Her Majesty, 4 yrs., 6st. 10lbs. ... ... (W. Opie) 1 Mr. J. Patterson's ch g Wizard, 5 yrs,, 8st. 31bs. (W. Hughes) 2 Mr. J. O. Inglis's b m Brenda, 5 yrs., 7st. 61be. (Murphy) 3 Mr. J. S. Harper's b h Liberty, 4 yrs., , 7st. 4lbs. ...(Cope) 0 Wizard was favourite for this race, but Her Majesty going to the front made the running and was never headed, although Wizard tried hard to get on terms with her coming down the straight; Brenda got third place, and Liberty was last. SELLING RACE, of 25 sovs. Three-quarters of a mile. Nomination, 1 sov. Acceptance, 1 soy. Weight for age. Winner to be sold for 100 sovs. 71b. allowed for every reduction: of 25 sovs. in selling price. Mr. J. A. Lang's br h Doctor, .£50,4 yrs., 8st. 7lbs. ... (Musgrare) 1 Mr. T. Jones's br f Queen Elizabeth, £50. 3 yrs., 7st. 51bs. (Kelby) 2 Mr. W. Langley's br h Hunter, .75, 4 yrs.. 8st. 71bs. ... ... (Kelly) 3 Buzza was scratched for this event ; Queen Elizabeth and Doctor raced for the lead, the re suit being in favour of Doctor by .about three quarters of a length, after a very good race,: Hun ter last. FLYING HANDICAP, of 20 sovs. Half a mile. Entrance, 1 soy. Mr. W. Langley's br h Stationer, 4 yrs., 8st. 10lbs. (Kelby) 1 Mr. J. Burbidge's br m Starlight, 5 yrs., 7st. (R. Bence) 2 Mr. R. Johnson's ns b m Prattle, 4 yrs., 7st. (W. Optie) 3 Starlight jumped away with the lead, followed by Stationer; Prattle last, getting badly away. Coming down the straight Stationer got in front, and although Starlight sported once or twice, the other held the front position pretty much as he liked; Prattle acted as whipper in. EXFORD PLATE, Handicap of 40 sors. One mile. Winner of the Melton Handicap to carry 71b. extra. Nomination, 1 soy. -.Acceptance, 1 Mr. J. Patterson's bl g Black Diamond, 6 ycs., 6st. 0lbs. . (Dobson) 1 Mr. T. Jones ch h The Ghost, 5 yrs., Sat. 12lbs. (Kelby) 2 Mr. J. O. Inglis's b g Buzza, 5 yrs. 7st; 21be. (Murphy) 3 Mr. W. Langley's br h Stationer; 4 yrs. 8st. 81bs. ... (Kelly) 0 Black Diamond had no difficulty in defeating The Ghost; Buzza and Stationer followed in the order named. A cricket match which was decided by tihe first innings was played at Bacchus Marsh on Satur day, the 10th inst., between an eleven of the Melton Cricket Club and an eleven of the local club, which resulted in an easy victory for the visitors, who succeeded in putting together in the first innings the respectable score of 163 runs, and got their opponents out for 72, thus beating them by 91 runs. On the conclusion of the first innings the time agreed on for drawing the stumps not having arrived, the Marsh followed their innings, and lost five wickets for 48 runs, which iacluded their most prominent bats. Those who got into double figures for Melton were James Blaceirwood, 53; H. W. Stausghton, 29; J.. L. Robertson, 26; and E. Carew, 19. For the Marsh. Mi'Coll made 26, and E. Jones 11 in the first innings; M'Coll also obtaining 25 in the second. For Melton, J. L. Robertson and C. Carew respectively had the best average for bowling. M'Coll and E. Jones bowled very well for the Marsh, but were collared by the Meltoninare. - A cricket match was played at Melton on Satur day, the 17th inst., between an eleven of the Bahous Marsh Cricket Club and an eleven of the local club. The Bacebus Marsh team evidently being anxious to carry home with them from Mel ton the ashes they had lost on the previous Satur day, arranged a return match on the above date, but the game resulted in the representatives of the Marsh still leaving more ashes behind them, as they again suffered a decided defeat at the hands of the locals by two runs and nine wickets to fall. Those who succeeded in getting into double figures for the victors were James Black wood, not out, 223 Burnip, 13; and M'Kenzie, 11. For the visitors none of them succeeded in obtain ing double figures. The bowling on both sides was good. For Melton, J. L..R obertson, H. W. Staughton, and Fossy, did the most execution; and for the visitors S'Coll and Burbidge both bowled exceedingly well; in fact, too well to talke Sany liberties with. SA performance willbe given onEaster Mondisy Night, in Shebler's Hall, by the Hotham Imperial Cricket Club, who style themselves the "Templar Surprise Company." For programme, see adver. tisement. On Monday eveniig (late)'fin'e rain somoenced to fall, and continued till near noon on Tuesday, with very beneficial results. 