FUNNIMENTS. THAT BAD BOT. Hb Dbiybb a Bnoor akd Wbscks a FuKBHAIu 'Wbll, peat Julius Ctesar's. bald-headed ghost, what's the matter with you ?' said the grocery nan to the bad boy, as he came into tiergrqoejy on" crutches; wi&r; one farm, Jn .a »UugJ hue eye blackened, and' a strip of court plaster across one side of his face. ^ ' Where, was the explosion, or hare you been in a fight J Or has your pa been giving youwbat you deserve, with a club?1 % | • Oh, it wa'n't no' fuss,' said the boy. 1 It I was in. the way of business. You see, the] lirery-mah that I was' wording for promoted i me. He let me drive a horse to haul sawdust I for bedding first, and when he found t was i real careful he let me drive an express waggon I to haul trunks. Pay before yesterday, I think itwas— (yes, I was in bad all day yesterday) —day before yesterday there was a funeral, and our stable furnished the outfit : It was only a common eleven-dollar funeral,- so they let me go to drive the horse for the minister— jouknow, the buggy that goes ahead of the hearse.^ Xhey gave me an old horse that is thirty years old, that has not beon off of a walk since nine years ago, and they told me to give him a loose rein and he would go along all right. It's the same old horse that used to pace bo fast on the avenue, years ago, but I didn't know it. Well,d wa'n't to blame. I just let hiiq walk along as .though he was haul ing sawdust, and gave him a loose roin When we eotoff of the pavement the fellow that drives thehearse, ho was in a hurry, 'cause his folks, was going to havo ducks for dinner,' and he wanted to get bock, so bo kept driving along* fide of my buggy, and telling me to hurry up. I wouldn't do it, 'cause the livery-man told me to walk the horse* for it was a funeral. Then the minister, he got nervous, and said ho didn't know as there was any use of going so slow, became he wanted to got back in time for lunch and go to the mimster'e meeting in tlio afternoon, but I told him we would all get to the cemetery soon enough if we took it cool, and as for me, I wasn't in no sweat; Then one of the drivers that was driving the mourners, he came up and said he had to get back in time to run a wedding down to the ono o'clock train; Md for mo to pull out a little. I have seen enough of disobeying orders, and I told him a funeral in the hand was worth two weddings in the bush, and as far ns I was concerned, this funeral was going to bo conducted in a decorous Dwnner, if we diun't got baok till the next day. Well, the minister said, in his regular Sunday school way • " My littlo man, let me take hold of the lines," and like a darn fool I gave them to him. Ho slapped the old horse on tiro crupper with tho lines, and then jerked up, and the old horso stuck up his off ear, and then the :hoarso drivor told tho minister to pull bard and saw on tho bit a little, and the old borse would woke up., Tho. hearse-driver used to drivo the old pacer on the track, and he 5?®JT *hat ho wanted. The minister took off bis block kid-gloves and put hie umbrella down rtwccn us,jmd pulled, bin hat down tight on us head, and began to/pull and saw on tho bit.' lie old cripple bogtin'to move along sort of ueways, like a hog going to war, and the inutor pulled spmo : more, and the hoarse* nver, who was right behind, ho said, so you « . .Wm uW to Waukesha, " yo-o-up," mm* * 1 ^0W0 kept going faster; then tho n»ij«u bpnght tlio procession was getting too j} * ,Va,J bepulled harder,and yelled " wlio-a," that made the pld horse worse, and I l?n f„V Tgh t,h6 "ttle windo* » ft® bnggy M?^b°l!1?.d'Jand ,th" he»™» about two vi««v vi.-'j , . "0®™» »a» anouc two blocks behind, and the driver waa laughing, »nd the minister he got pala and said: "My ..^1° ™vDr gu,eaV;ou'd better drive," and I ' f,0.6 ™uch> Mary Ann, you wouldn't let mo run this funeral the way X wanted to, and now you con boss it, If you will lot mo got out," but therowaa a street-car ahead and all of a suddonthere was an earthquake, and when I came to thoro were about six hundred people pouring water down my nock, and-the licarse was hitched to the fence, and the hearse driver was asking if my leg was broke, and a policeman_ was fanning the ministir with a •plug hat that looked as though it had bocn struck by a pile-driver, and some people were hauling our, buggy into tho gutter, and some men were trying to'tako the old pacer out of the windows of tho streot-car, and then I guess I fainted away again. Oh, it was worso than telescoping a train loaded with cattle.' weu,-l swan/ said the grocery man, as ho I ? put some eggs in a funnel-shaped brown paper for a servant girl. 'What did the minister say when he came to ?* : 'Say! What could he say P He just yelled ''Whoa l" and kept sawing with bis hands, as though ho was driving. I heard that the policeman ; was going to pull him for fast driving, till he found it was an accident. They told me, when they carried me home in a hack, that it was a wonder everybody was not killed, and when I got home pa was going to sass me, until the hearse-driver told him it wus the minister that was to blame. 1 want to find out if they got the minister's umbrella back. The last ! see of it' the umbrella was running up bia trousers leg, and the point came out by the small of his back. But I am all right, only my shoulder sprained, and mv leps bruised, and my eye black. 1 will be all right, and shall go to work to- morrow, 'cause the livery man says I was the only one in the crowd that had any sense. I understand the minister is going to take a vacation on account of his liver and nervous prostration. I would if I was him. I never saw a man that had nervous prostration any more than be did when they fished him out of the barbed-wire fence, after we struck the street-car. .But that settles the minister business with me. 1 don't drive for no mora preachers. The next time I drive a minister to a funeral, he will walk,1 and the boy hobbled out and bung up a sign in front of the grocery, 'Smoked dog-fish at halibut prices. good enough for company,' Peck's Sun. 