Tankmaking by Machinery. THE STEAM PLOUGH AND SCOOP AT BURRA- WANG, NEAR FORBES.— [See Page 309.] About the close of last month our Forbes correspondent visited the Burrawang station, 35 miles from that town, being specially invited by its' liberal proprietor, Mr. Edols, so that he might see the steam tankmaking machines, in- troduced some months ago to the district, in actual work. Our readers may remember that at the Exhibition of 1879, held in this city, Messrs. Fowler and Co., of Leeds, England, exhibited a complete steam ploughing and scooping plant, and that subsequent to the exhibition the ploughs and scoops were tried at the farm of Mr. Combes, near Bathurst. The scoops had before the event mentioned gained an Australian reputation by performing some good work in the back country of South Australia. The trial at Bathurst was somewhat hurried, and it does not seem that those present understood clearly the true value of the machinery placed before them. It is a significant fact that Messrs. Fowler and Co.'s agent received no offer for the plant, and eventu- ally had to remove it to Queensland. Mr. Edols, however, did not lose sight of the advantages which were offered, and, after instituting inquiries in South Australia and elsewhere, ordered a complete tankmaking plant from the English firm. It was forwarded promptly, and was despatched by Messrs. Sloane and Co., of this city, who are the agents for Messrs. Fowler and Co., to Forbes. When it arrived at the station, Mr. Edols experienced some difficulty in obtaining the services of an efficient staff; but by perseverance even this difficulty was overcome, and the machinery was set up, and the work, herewith de- scribed by our correspondent, commenced : — "Under the pilotage of our worthy host" (he writes) "we drove to where the steam plough and scoop were at work, some four or five miles distant from the home station. On the road we learned that a couple of small tanks had already been completed, and that the plant was now at work on a much larger one, intended to conserve the water from a magnificent plain of many thousand acres in extent. Long before we reached the spot we could hear the ringing of machinery, and it certainly did seem strange to find these ponderous engines usually found amongst the more populous settlements of men, steadily at work in transforming thne primeval forests into fruitful fields. The two plough engines (which are also traction engines) are each 16 horse- power, weighing 12 tons each when empty, and 15 tons loaded. Underneath the boiler is a drum 5 feet in diamete, round which are coiled 440 yards of steel wire rope, tested to a hydraulic strain of 130 tons. After the surface measure- ment of the tank has been fixed upon, these engines take up their position on opposite sides, some distance from the outer edge or tip. 'Ihe tank on which they were then at work was 65 yards in width, and about the same in length, and the engines were placed about 40 yards from the tip on either side, so that as they then stood they were about 145 yards apart. The plough is a patent triple double balance, with a strong iron frame, shaped something like a canoe, the ends being both alike and well up. Shecarries three mouldboards at each end, the points of one set facing the points of the other, and as the draught is from the cenntre there is no occasion to reverse her at each trip, but by a very simple contrivance one end is lifted, and the other sets in to work the return furrows. As the ground is ploughed, say every 5 or 6 feet, the engines move on, so that the wire rope is kept straight with the work. At the time of my visit only two shares were being used, and this was found sufficient. She would then plough a surface area of 3600 square yards i.e., 60 yards by 60 yards— in four hours, at an average depth of from 15 to 18 inches ; but when I saw her at work she was going fully 18 inches deep, with apparently no trouble. The most surprising thing was to see the plough working down a batter, and at the bottom of a 12-foot hole, with just as good a grip of the soil as if she had been on level surface, and this when the motive power was considerably above her. The steersman, however, who sat on each end alternately, seemed to understand his work thoroughly, and when the scoop had been over it the bottom was as smooth as a wash- hand basin, with not a ridge or a lump anywhere. As much ground can be ploughed in one day as will take three or four days to scoop ; and, as an instance of what the plough will do, I may state that in a hole of 100 yards each way she will work down to a depth of 26 feet, leaving an area of about 40 square yards at the bottom. The scoop is a bell- mouthed receptacle, 6 feet wide, 6 feet in length, and with sides 6 feet deep. The lip with which she takes the earth is tipped with steel, and the whole affair is braced to resist almost any pressure. She is open at both ends, and dips towards the centre. She is fixed in a longitudinal strong iron frame, mounted on four wheels. The sides of the scoop at their highest point are attached by means of strong chains to a revolving cylinder, fixed at the opposite end of the iron frame, and by this means the scoop can be raised or lowered as required. The steersman guides her by a wheel very similar to those attached to railway brake vans, and in the hands of an experienced man the work seems very simple. There would be just as much difference, however, in working a scoop properly as there would be in loading a dray with broken metal by starting to shovel at the top or at the bottom of a heap. The man in charge 0f Mr. Edols' scoop is an old sailor ; he can steer to a nicety and knows when and where to set in, so as to keep his work straight and well in front of him. The average load of the scoop is about 2½ cubic yards of earth each trip, although I saw it carry more than that, but it was on a good dry clay bottom, and filled readily without losing any. When I was there all the preliminary difficulties incidental to new work, new hands, and new machinery seemed to have been got over, and I timed the scoop on several of her tries to see what she could do. On an average she made two trips every five minutes, and allowing 2½ tons for each load she traversed a hole 65 yards wide, loaded, came back, travelled 30 yards on the tip, delivered and spread her load as evenly as if it had been raked, at the rate of 30cwt. per minute. I timed her once, when she made the two trips, including delivery, in a little over 3½ minutes, but then she had not to run the entire length of ploughed land to load up. I bave now described, as well as I can tbe working of the steam plough and scoop, but it should be seen to be thoroughly understood, for with such appliances it seems to me that many of the diffi- culties of conserving water upon the vast level plains of the interior will soon be things of the past. I omitted to State that in connection with and as a part of the above plant is a small traction engine of 8 horse-power, dubbed the ' wood-and-water joey.' This weighs nine tons, empty, and carries 1800 gallons of water and two truckloads of wood for supplying the other engines when at work. Thus loaded, she travels at the rate of three miles an hour comfortably, and, as she only requires dry ground to travel on, plenty of work can be found for her in such a climate as ours. "The wages and board of men required to keep the three engines going when at steady work are about £25 a week ; and when (allowing for incidental delays) they are able to excavate at the rate of 2500 yards of clean work per week, it does not require much calculation to see that it is much cheaper than by ordinary hand-labour. Mr. Edols has been fortunate in securing the services of Mr. R. W. Emslie, a member of the Australian Institute of Engineers, who has charge of the plant and some other engines at work upon the station, and under his management the machinery works most satisfactorily. At the home station, attached to a newly erected workshop, is a 16-foot screw cutting and surfacing lath, by whicn almost anything can be cut or turned in connection with the machinery, and thus the cost and delay of having to send to Sydney or Melbourne in case of breakage are avoided. Before quitting the subject of the plough and scoop I should say that these implements do their work singularly well and clean. The two tanks I saw completed looked as though they had been cleaned out with a broom and shovel, while the excavated soil was laid as evenly on the tips as the bevelled edges of a macadamised road. The object of all such machinery is simply to make a hole in the ground for the conservation of water, and to do it expeditiously and cheaply. When horses or bullocks are used for this work, plenty of grass or forage near to is indispensable, and this is sometimes difficult to get just where tanks are wanted. Engines, however, only want fuel and water, and this can be brought from any part of the run by means of the ' wood-and-water joey,' while the camp rations can be supplied from the home station as required. Before leaving, Mr. Edols drove us over to see an extensive woolscouring and steam-sawing plant that he is erecting on the river just opposite Cadow. There, too, everything is on an extensive scale, and 'utilisation' seems to be a term pretty well understood and practised by the enterprising proprietor. The woolscouring apparatus will be all ready for work in two or three weeks, and when complete Mr. Edols expects to be in a position to wash and scour other clips besides his own. The water, after being used for scouring, will not be allowed to pollute the river, but will be used for irrigating purposes, a large portion of land being already enclosed and drained with that object. Portions of Mr. Edols' purchased land contain large quantities of splendid red gum, and should the railway go that way, as it is expected it will, a large stock of 'sleepers ' will be readily available. " The report of ' A Trip to Burrawang ' would be incom- plete without some mention of the extensive improve- ments erected at the home station within the last, few years. If the ghosts of former proprietors, who knew Burrawang only as a cattle-station with a big stockyard and a slab hut with a bark roof, could revisit tbe spot, they would never know it but for the neighbouring mountain and the fine sheet of water at its base. Now it is quite a populous settlement. At the time of our visit the ' house ' lay nestled in a perfect wealth of foliage and fruit. A well-kept garden surrounds it on three sides, and this, as well as some neigh- bouring paddocks of lucerne and English grasses, is all regularly irrigated by means of steam power. Miniature bridges meet one in all directions, and an appearance of ' full and plenty ' as well as of beauty seems to pervade every little plot of ground. At the rear are stores and offices, workshops, barracks, stables, and buildings intermin- able; while on the opposite side of the water are clustered managers , overseer's, and sundry other residences. Despite the bad seasons there is evidence of a backbone somewhere in Burrawang, while every square rod about it tells of a vigilant and a thoughtful head." Since the above report from our correspondent came to hand, we were favoured by a visit from Mr. Bisset, a gen- tleman who under special instructions from Messrs. Fowler and Co., sarted fiom England last November, so hat he might afford Mr. Edols any assistance in regard to the management of the engines or machinery which might be required. Mr.Bisset's experience with the plough and scoop machines has been extensive and varied. In 1877 he left England with a pIant for Sir Thomas Elder, of Paratoo, South Australia, and succeeded in starting it to work and leaving it in a con- dition for actua| service. Mr. Bisset was eight months in the back country of the sister colony, and then returned to England. While working the plant, he took special note of any points which were in the slightest degree defective, and when he reached the old country he he had perfected what is now known as the bell-mouth scoop. , This was forwarded to South Australia, where it has since given great satisfaction. Sir Thomas Elder was so well pleased with the first plant he ordered and obtained a second one. These plants have been at work ever since their arrival in South Austaalia, and are now wmployed by the Government of that colony who have had just landed to their order two other similar plants from Messrs. Fowler and Co. Regarding the third plant landed, that owned by Mr. Edols, Mr. Bisset after his arrivalhere promptly started for the West. He found the engines working fairly well, but was enabled, from his former experience, to make a few alterations. The mode of discharging the earth was not the easiest one. Be- fore Mr. Bisset's arrival the tipping engine, as explained by our correspondent, was placed a considerable distance from the edge of the tank. The scoop was dis- charge between the edge and the engine. This necessitated the haulage of the rope through or over the mound or tip, and thus taxed the engine somewhat unnecessarily. Mr. Bisset effected an important change. He ran the tipping engine, or the one which hauls the scoop out of the dam, on the mound or tip. So powerful and well made are the engines that they will ascenda grade much mora steep than any mound from an ordinary excavation presents. By this plan the engine is kept much closer to its work; there is less tractive power required and less wear and tear of rope. Mr. Bisset left Burrawang on the 8th instant. The plant was then in first-class order. He informs us that it will do even more than that which is stated by our correspondent. With seven men at work, the cost of labour being ae stated £25 per week, about 650 cubic yards per day of nine hours may be taken out, Mr. Edols' experience with the plant, of which we hope to have a re- cord shortly, will test the accuracy of this estimate. Mr. Edols, before Mr. Bisset's visit, estimated the cost of ex- cavating to be about 4d. per yard. This, too, is an estimate which may be above or below the mark. A trial of the plant for, say, six months should bring many important facts to light, and clearly demonstrate the actual usefulness of Messrs. Fowler and Co.'s machinery. 