HARVEST THANKSGIVING SERVICES. On Sunday last (Whitsunday) three special services were hold ill Christ Church, Mount Quiflbier, as a tlianketjivinH for the lato bounteous harvest in Ijiia distript. The services wero con ducted by tho l{ev. B. T. Craig, D.D., and wero largely attended, The Interior o{ tho building wua tastefully dccoratcd for tho day ?with Uiu natural productions of the season-wheat, maiie, flowers, &o.; Tho communion table and pulpit wero dressed with designs in flowers with sninll shenvosof wheat and oobs of maize intermingled; the font contained a large floral design, exquisitely arranged; and tho reading desk, organ, window sills, pews, Ac,, tyere also ppaUy be^utifled in a liko manner. At-11 a m., after hymn 151 had been sung, thor service was corriod out in the ordinary manner. At tho close of the devotional part, The Rpv, Dr, Craig announced as his text Aots il. 83-" Lot all the houao of Israel know assuredly that God hath made that same Jesqa wboip ye have crucified both £ord apd Christ." A great multitude gathered to tho holy Apostles On that great day of Penttcoat; they camo that thoy might have part in the word that tho holy Apostles wero speaking. God drew them nearer and nearer to Himself by His Spirit, and they camo that they 'might share in the tribute of pyaiso and thanksgiving that the rrtmnheva of tho oarly Church were offering; aud the holy Apostles wero enlightened by the coming down of tho Holy Ghost upon them, filling them with holy zeal aud earnest love to their Saviour. They might remember how that Pentecost timo wna equivalent to that when the Lord came down on tho fiftieth day after tho Israelites had loft Egypt, tho fiftieth day after partaking of tho first passover in Egypt, tho day when Ho came down amidst thunders and lightnings and cavo them tho first covenant and His holy law. That waa commemorated by a feast, the feast of weeks, tho ingathering of the harvest, whoo all wero to lift up to God their tribute of thanks, joyi and praiee, They were to bring their offerings to His tabernacle; and in Now Testament iimea, on tho fiftieth day after tho last I'nsaover, if ho might BO call it, God Almighty carao down in His third covfrjiitut of mercy with tho power of the Holy Ghost, It should be to tho church a day of thanksgiving and universal praise to God. They too were keeping that day as their feast of weeks; and at this feativnl of the ingathering of tho harvest they were asked not only to olfer God their praise for all Ho had dona in tho past with regard to the harvest, hut to give some thing of their store as a lhank offering to God, asnn offering to Hia church, and an assistance to His cause hero. It waa their year of jubilee, their year of thanksgiving, when the Holy Spirit descended and brought with Hira new zeal and love in tha eervioe of God. It waa in> I deed a demonstration of tho power of God wlion 1 Ha destroyed the Towor of Babel. A. great wyatory waa this, How far this destruction of tho Tower of Babol, the disporaiou of raankiud, and giving to thorn variouB languages, waa an allegory they could not toll. Ai tho present time men made known their wiahea in 2,000 lauguagea or over, But a far grander demon stration of God's power waa that on tho day.of Pontecost, when He imparted to Hia holy Apostles tho gift of the neoeBBary languages to proclaim His Gospol to the world, When he confounded tho tongues at Babel it waa in anger; when He gave the Apostles tho gift of tongues it was in mercy, that thoy might bo enabled to proclaim tho first-fruits of divine grace to every one under heaven. There were thuii present representatives from many countries of tlin world, who were witnesses of this demonstration of the powov of tho Almighty, and llstenod to the Apostles proclaiming in their own tongues tho wondrous works of God. It was in mercy, therefore, that tho Almighty sent llis Spirit with power to rest on the heads of His disciples. Jerusalem had witnessed several strange scenes. It had seen Jcsua.Ohrist eutor it as a kinij amidst tho plaudits of tho multitude and tho liozannns of tho children. Tlirco days afterwards how changed it aeemod. Then tho same great multitude, when Jesus was brought before Pilate, cricd, " Away with him ; crucify ' him, crucify him I" and when Pilato proclaimed " Behold your king," they cried, "Wohavono king but Ua)flar." Why was the multitudo so changed in that timo P Was there n6 one there that Jesus had benefited P Yot all as with one voice cried, "Away with him. Ilurry him to his cruel cross." A third sceno, still more wondorful, was enacted on that day when from early morning till Into in tho evoning tho holy Apostles and somo othor members of tho Church, to the number of 120, pro claimed the glad tidings of salvation and brought many into tho glorious liberty of God'a sons and daughters, How wonderful tho record that 3,000 wero brought to tho foot of tho Croaa with faith and praise, 3,000 convinced of their sius and transgressions, 3,000 couvinced that thoy had crucified the Lord of Glory, so that " all tho house of Israel should know assuredly that God had made that same Jeaua whom thoy had crucified both Lord and Christ," Hero they had tho expression " that sarao Josua." It reminded them of two other passages in which tho words wero similarly used. At Hie ascen sion, when tho disciples stood looking upwards as ho disappeared from their sight, two augela proclaimed, "This same Jesus, who is taken up from you into heaven, should so come in like manner aa ye have seen him go into heaven," And St, Paul in writing his epistle to tho Hebrews rominrled them in similar words, "Jesus, the same yea'erday, to day, and for ever," "Tho same Jesus" was in the Greek testamont " tho Author of all creation, of all life, tho Solf-existent, tho Eternal, tho Heavenly," And eo hero, the holy Apostles proclaimed to this varied multitude "the same Jeaua," tho unohangoablo, the eternal, the all-loving, ever gracioua Saviour, whom thoy lmd cruoifiod, but who had bocn modo both Lord mid Christ. In conclusion, he would remind them again of the many blessings God had showered down on them during last year ; how kind He had been to them iu Christ Chureh; how He had united them in brother hood and sisterhood and had blessed their efforts in Church work, nnd had blessed tho district with a rich harvest. When they remembored some far off districts whoro tho fiolds returned not what tho farmers had laid in seed, and when thoy remembered how tlioir own fields had waved with abundance of golden grain, hud they not reason to keep that day of thanksgiving with praise ? Had they not roaeon too to ask themselves in respect of spiritual things-Iiad there not hcon a rich blessing resting upon them? They trusted so. But whatevor offices thoy hold iu the church they would ho remiuded of many shortcomings and that they might liavo been more diligent in spiritual things during tho year. They must, however, joraomber that while they watorcd God alone gave the increase. They Should bo thankful foi' P.ll Qod's hlpasinoa in temporal and spiritual things. Lot thorn then thank Him with praiao, and wait Iho coming to this place of the chief paBtor of thoir church. He truated they would lovo him when they saw him as othora had loved him j and that his visit would be productive of great spiritual good to them, That spiritual Mossing he had sout to them as a congregation, and which none should despise, if it only drew from them a prayor to tho. Throne of Grace for a return blessing on himself would not be valueless, No J he loved them aa a chief pastor, aud wished them all God speed ; and desired to come and testify to them of the lovo of Jesus Christ aud the power of the Holy Ghost. Might God grant him rich success in his great work hero, No church doubtleaa in the colony offered more frequent prayers that God would raise up a holy man to be their bishop than the church of Mount Gambler; and they had, ho assured thorn, tho strongest reason to return to God for Ilis good gift of a Christian man as their chief pastor their tribute of praiso. Let them all unite this Whitsunday and prav for His blessiuc UDOII all the churches of tfio world, nnd especially on their missionaries. Might God givo thein great success. Let them pray for their Suuday schools in this district, for all Christiana in Australia, and for ft blessing upon the whole world, that soon evory knee might how before tho holy namo of Jesus aud every tongue acknowledge God the Father. Might tho Holy Spirit (ill their hearts that they might bo of those "who know assuredly that Qod lmd mado that samo Jesus, who once was cruciQod, both Lord and Christ," a risen glorious Saviour, ascended to God's right hand in lieavea. The sermon, of wbioh tho above is ? mere Bketoh, waa attentively listened to. Mrs.' Oraig presided at the organ. As the congregation left the church she played a fugue. The Holy Communion was celebrated at the close of the service. In the afterno.QU. a service for- children was hetd, and the Uov. Dr, Craig delivered an address from Matthew xjc. 7, specially for candidates for conQrmation, There was a largo attendance. The rev. gentleman's discourao in tho evening was foundeaon Matthew xxv. d-" Behold the Bridegroom oometh, go ye out to meet him," and was an earnest upjieal to tho congregation to prepare for tho coming of the Bridegroom. 