THE NEW TALE. CHAPTER I. THE MTTUt OUTER. A woman and child, on a beautiful May morning, were slowly walking in a pleasant quarter of the city of C-. The child's hand was upon the woman's arm, and the latter's cautious step, and the little girl's attentive manner, indicated that the woman was blind. As they turned into abroad handsome street, the women inquired, " Is the sun shining very brightly at " Splendidly I Every thing shines, and everything is happy that lives, but you and me," was the reply, in a despondent voice, very pitiful in one so young. "Carlia, we must not repine," returned Mrs. Wild, in the quick, decided tones which, though naturally sharp, were always tempered with kindness in addressing her young guide. " I hear the birds singing joyously, and this fresh air is delightfully in- vigorating I You should not complain In such weather. Leave repining for rainy days." "Oh, if I could I" sighed the delicate, careworn girl. " But one can't alwaysoruah back her feelings, and I'm so tired." " Tired, and we have just started out I That Is sad talk to-begin the day with. What makes you talk so, I want to know P" Mrs. Wild seemed to forget that she was a large, strong woman, quite well able to travel, in their moderate way, from morning till night without becoming exhausted. Their business was selling no. tions from house to house, but notwithstanding their frequent rests, it was evident the small frail child was unequal to such tiresome duty, and needed repose and nourishing food, But Mrs. Wild could not see the great hollow eyes and thin cheeks of her faithful guide, and Carrie was not used to complain- in. " I was so tired last night, I couldn't rest, and this morning I can hardly drag one foot after another,'' replied Carrie, indulging herself in a full expression of her hitherto bravely repressed feelings. " I know our misfortunes can't be helped, and I've been so brave as I could be but I must speak out sometimes. I think I'm even more weary trying to bear up than walking the tiresome streets day after day." " A real little heroine I know you are haven't I often said it ?" responded Mrs. WÍW, with warm sympathy. I'm afraid the hardship of this kind of life will wear you out yet. It seems to me there must be come reason for it, or you would not feel so on such a bright day-it is so unlike you. But try to keep up courage a little longer ; perhaps our good, ship least entering port, Where are we going now P* , " into a lovely garden," answered Carlita, with her old animation, as they turned in at the broad gate standing open. It was just a freak of bees to enter ; she usually passed such places; but during their talk they had been walking by a handsome i0n fence enclosing the park-like grounds surrounding an imposing stone mansion. The broad town, broken by parterres of rare and beautiful flowers, was a sight to delight and soothe her. There was an indescribable charm in the stately wooing of the trees, whose foliage of vivid green cast shadows of lovely shapes and spirit-like mo- tions on the velvety sward, Birds in their boughs, zephyrs whispering through them, seemed to invite her. " Will the weary child come and be cured by our enchantments F" She would, Right or wrong, for good or ill she would enter and satisfy her hungry soul with the feeling that she was among them, not excluded like on outcast by the Iron barrier through which she had first seen them ; not, indeed, to set her worn shoes on the froth gross, not to take into her brown, gloveless hands a single one of the tempting blossoms-only to feast her eyes with the sight as she went up the broad stone walk to the grand ball-door. ' " It must be a very deep lot. How far are we from the house ?" asked Mrs. Wild, when they were a little more than half way," "It is a deep garden," answered Carson, looking from one limit to the other with rare pleasure in her brightening eyes, If ever a child has a dream of of paradise, it is of a place like that-a tangible reality. Beyond house were peach trees full of pink blossoms, and cherry trees like brides in white apple, plum and pear trees, promising delicious fruition for the autumn to succeed, Carlia's soul was as sensitive to beauty's subtlest influence as the leaves to the unseen air that moved them. She felt at home here. It was her place by right in nature, if not in her. She stopped, and took a deliberate survey, At length, thinking she had stood long enough, Mrs. Wild gently suggested. "We'd better go on now dear." " In a moment," said Carlia, reluctant to move The ball door stood wide open, and the sound of gay voices within broke the spell. She started and looked that way, A glimpse of rich furniture and elegant hangings, pictures and statues, gave her a painful sense of the difference in station between her and the favored inmates. Mrs, Wild held her hand in a tightening grasp as if a startling thought had struck her. " Carlia,"she asked, " do these grounds occupy the entire block ?" " Yes-from street to street, and back to the alley that divides the whole four-square," replied Carrie, accurately, " Is there another house within the grounds F" "Yes, a small Gothic cottage in the south-east corner." Describe the mansion." "It is a very long house with the side to the street It has two projecting wings with circular fronts, a broad palace like entrance, and French windows very stately and home-like," " What kind of people are these coming out ?" she asked again, as the voices drew near, " One is a very stylish young lady of about sixteen gay, proud, and apparently a spoiled child not very amiable. Most persons would say she is splendid, but she does not look good "The other?" "How did you know there was another ?" " I heard her speak," answered Mrs, Wild, " You know my ears are eyes too." " I thought her slippered step would hardly have attracted your notice, She is a middle-aged but young-looking woman. She might be an Indian queen. Her hair is jet black, straight, and glossy, and combed smoothly down upon her projecting forehead. Her eyes are large and very black, but haven't one bit of lovableness in them, But she looks like a woman of unusual talents, though neither drank nor honest, even capable of crime. I almost shudder to look at her, yet many would call her very handsome. But there is no truth light in her face, nothing noble or exalted. Her form is very neat and she is not over tall. She dresses in excellent taste-" "But the gentleman? interrupted Mrs, Wild satisfied with that description and eager about her companion, "That they'll hear you He is a-but they are coming down the walk. Shall I offer them anything ?" asked Carlia, her heart giving a bound in /! spite of her long experience as a peddler, and she shrank a step back in her dread of meeting them, , " Of course you can without being troublesome,' There's nothing like bold effort to insure succession our business, as I have so often told you," replied Mrs. Wild, her own frame thrilling with a strange excitement as the group from the house drew near To Carlia all three were strangers-her trepidation arose from mere sensitiveness. For Mrs Wild they had a peculiar interest. " Aurora, do get your hat I You'll be as black as a gipsy !" cried the elder lady, as Aurora Lieb came walking down the walk, keeping her blacking lently inquiring eyes fixed upon the intruders stan, i ing meekly in her way. I ( " Gipsy Til be then," was her half-pettish reply, v ' she came to an abrupt stand before them. Though poorly dressed, both Carlin and Mrs. Wild were respectable in appearance she could find no fxqnsft for repulsing them, especially as Carl la's manner was) perfectly courteous. The young peddler modestly opened a box of bright colored embroidery silks, respectfully asking ; " Will you take some P They are the last I have, and I will sell them low-as cheap as you could get them at wholesale" "I don't want any," replied Aurora, curtly, looks ing annoyed, But she could not help noticing the sad dark eyes, sa woman-like for a young girl 19 courageous, though weary and troubled. " Ruffles-edgings- pins P" SBkod Carlia again, " No, nothing. Positively no !" shaking her proud head, with its coronet of heavy ebony braids, with supercilious condescension BY the mention of each article. " Perhaps she would take the perfumery," said Mrs. Wild, in her prompt, clear tones, through which rang the hollow sharpness that great and Renfrew tracted suffering had given in Aurora Lieb flashed a glance of curiosity on the blind woman, whom she had not closely observed till the sound of her peculiar, commanding voice excited her interest. Mrs. Wild was dressed in deep mourning, with a black grenadine veil over her eyes. The discovery that she was blind should have aroused something like compassion to the heedless, heartless maiden, " Is this woman utterly blind," she asked, addresses ing Carlia, " My sight is quite gone," said Mrs. Wild, who usually sought to direct the attention of their winter locators to herself, and spared ber guide the an. noyance of answering them, besides controlling Conversation in which purpose she had a special object, Carlin, show her the cologne," " I daresay you never heard the name of the lo guet I use," sneered Aurora. I hive sweet violets," softly said Carlin, to when the very name had a heavenly fragrance, "11 cure nothing more refined graces the queen's toilettes "What do you know of queens, you little old witch P And why don't you get a good dog to guard your mother-for I suppose she is your mother, eh at jeered Aurora, Carlia's cheek flamed and her lip quivered as Minell Lieb nodded toward Mrs. Wild, Happily the insult was unheard by the latter, whose quick ear had caught the words passing between Aurora's mother and the gentleman, _' "Boy, little elf, what relation are you p»~persista? Aurora. " If she is not your manner how came you to be her little drudge P Yr ny don't you go to the in Germany and live at ease PI "t ' 1 grace disdained to notice his second insult, me < gretting that she had betrayed her?ie~Blitr£s~ef slightly before, a Aurora was turning away, when the gentleman, leaving the lady with whom he had been talking on business, came up beside her, "What! Don't you patronize peregrinating establishments P" was his facetious inquiry, as he glanced from the box in Carlia's hand to Aurora's brilliant face. " Pack-peddlers and all other sorts are my every sion," was her scornful reply. " But, I declare, she added, seeing that be rather sympathized with her victim, for he had seen the exquisite pain in her were face, and the sudden dropping of her wistful eyes, " If I had my portemonnaie in my pocket, I'd take something-just for charity's sake. " Let me Invest for you," said Mr. Geesler, producing the necessary funds with a mock flourish, "Shall we take the whole lotP" " As you please. Ah I you are resolved to keep my busy till Christmas. THE try to get a pair of slippers done by that time. Let's see ! A lawyer's), I pattern should be a very knowing face, with a pen over one ear. I'm afraid I shouldn't get the ears to suit you as to proportions-" "Allow me to suggest contrary to your hint-that for a lawyer they should be brief," said he, with extra good humour, turning to Carlia, that the young coquette might not observe the mortified flush in his face. Suddenly his gaiety vanished he was gazing absorbed and amazed on the little peddler's facing' " What is there in the vagrant to excite bliss' osity ?" questioned Aurora, mentally. ,Ä s Carlin hung her head, painfully conscious of keen, impertinent scrutiny, and was about to d Mrs. Wild away, when he stopped her with the girls' on : " In this woman your mother ?" "Sir?" asked the sharp voice of Mrs. Wild, with a peculiar intonation that struck the lawyer as at once a challenge and a warning. He turned from Carlita, and surveyed her with an interest not devoid of anxiety. " She is my child," said the blind woman, with a J degree of tartness the patient Carlia thought uncalled for. "Your daughter?" he said again, determined to know. "She is mine," said Mrs. Wild, wording her answer to suit herself-" my only dependence. Why do you ask? It was his turn to be nonplussed. He evaded an answer by asking another question : "Are you blind?" "I have been blind ten years. She has been ever to me all that time," "AhI" and Mr. Gessler seemed much relieved. " Totally blind, I suppose ?" J " I cannot distinguish faces," replied she, in this nificant tones, implying, "But I can voices," " Where do you live, madam?" "At present I am living up town, betray not long, was her cool answer, not definite enough to endanger her by the discovery of her number "I don't know where I shall go next, Much depends on business," And a quiet, triumphant smile flitted over her face, unseen beneath her veil. I Aurora's mother had remained a half interested looker-on. The change in Mr. Gessler's manner had attracted her notice, and she stood watching his countenance, wondering why he took the trouble to make those enquiries. She scarcely observed Carrie, who busied herself re-arranging the articles in the large travelling basket in which their stock was carried, " Shall we go?" whispered'Carlia, at length, take ing the arm of Mrs. Wild, as anxious to leave the pleasant grounds as she had previously been to outer J them. Mrs. Wild lingered strangely, k 2 I should like to sell you something mate,'' said I 14s boldly. " Perhaps we shall change places some " Did you ever hear such impudence I" cried the aged Aurora. it. Gessler laughed, and the blind woman caught defiant mockery in his prolonged had his 1" In none of the rest understood. I'-^iiibtal" called the haughty woman, in an india at voice, to a servant, " conduct these intrusive people to the gate-and keep it closed hereafter,". As the footman approached, Mrs. Wild quietly led, and, with Carlin, slowly walked away, erect, grained, and resolute. 'I thought I'd move them!" exclaimed the head mistress of the mansion, gazing after the linquents with her black eyes aglow as if they two had been poisonous reptiles instead of harmless vendors of notions, But Mrs. Wild had been provokingly artistes. Mr. Gessler saw the import of her con duct and bit his lips with secret vexation. "She was bent upon bearing your voice, said he. "I don't know what charm my voice should have for that creature t" returned she, scornfully, her dark, saturnine countenance revealing the native ugliness of her character. " Can you wonder greatly P The poor woman, being deprived of the satisfaction of seeing, must gratify her aesthetic taste by hearing. She is not to blame either," he added, laughingly ; " that is supposing she had heard it once." Alvin, you are a great flatterer," replied she, too well pleased by the compliment to appear really disgusted. "They'll not trouble us again," remarked Aurora. "They were decent, though decidedly above the average of beggars. -I am quite sure they were not Impostors, as the most of them are. I'm glad you did patronize them. The more I think of that child's ptUful eyes and manner, the more I feel that if we hadn't taken anything I could never forget them. They would haunt me every dark night, and hover before me every dull day like a ghost that won't be laid." "And will you forget them now?" asked the subtle lawyer, with seeming indifference, though keenly alert to catch her reply. "Oh, yes, of course j 1 The matter is off my conscience, and I never burden myself with the troubles of others over which I have no control. Besides, I am too busy with thoughts of the beau monde, to which I am to be admitted next winter, to dwell much on such things." "You make your foot on your next birthday, I think." Yes ; that is, midway between New Year's and Christmas- the most delightful time of the season and, the year. Then my beautiful house," waving hasty hand proudly toward the mansion, " will cease be a gilded cage, and become my gay palace, mamma is already devoting herself to the work of anning for it, so as to have everything in the most perfect style, as rich and elegant as Parisian taste and ingenuity can produce," all console myself with the reflection that I have half a year yet in which to enjoy the friendship I may expect will be divided among a regiment of heart- broken swains after that," said Gessler, with mockreeignation, as, taking the hat her mother had sent for he gallantly placed it on her queenly head. Aurora laughed, looking archly at him, Lose him or any other worshipper who asked no better fate than to be impaled with her many victims? Not she, His self-denying devotion to the un- fledged belle was fully appreciated, his assiduous l attentions were entirely acceptable. All she wished ^wauï5t~to be asked to accept him before having a Chance to subject a throng of pining courtiers to her proud sway. Carlia breathed freely again when they reached the sidewalk. The bright, brief dream she had enjoyed was let, even to her memory, for the recollec- tion of that morning's incident must ever be a painful one. She hoped to forget it, sighing that the lovely scene had become a source of bitterness, " I succeeded in my object, anyhow," said Mrs, Wild, with a smile of satisfaction, as she heard the click of the gate latch, behind her. " I made the Woman speak." " Why, Aunt Lena why did you wish to hear her speak P She was not so cruelly insolent as the young lady. I suppose she thought your persistence justified her haughtiness." " You don't guess my meaning, child. I despise her scorn, I know something of her history," said Mrs. Wild, " I wanted to hear her voice, to be sure of the person, for I met her before I became blind." " Did you know her in those days ?" forgetting her fatigue in her interest. " Not to be known by her." " Yet you remember her voice ?" " I should not have known it but that I heard her name called by the man. Now, go on, dear, with your unflm<=hp"'l description of him, I am morally Certain,' show him, too," said Mrs. Wild, exhibiting more spirit than Carlia had seen in her for years He? whole being seemed stirred by some mysterious ?{[Mo unknown to her guide. y He is rather tall, and a smart, conceited fellow, with fair skin, auburn beard, and light hair. His brows are despises forehead wide, His eyes are light blue, that laugh and look winning, but I know they are not honest. Aunt Lena," she continued, (after a thoughtful pause, " is it safe to trust inter ? tions ?" " In the young they are often reliable ; they very properly serve to put the inexperienced on guard. But later in life they are scarcely to be depended on, But I dare say yours are correct in this case." I am perfectly certain he is a deceitful bad man," said Carlia, " So am I. I have known him as such, and now I give you this charge in case you meet him again be sure you never let him find out anything about you," said Mrs. Wild, "Do you think he would harm me?" "I wouldn't warrant your safety." ' Would he harm was more than any other person P" "Yes, my dear Carrie, joy of all others in the world. Do you wonder how I know F I recognized his voice; and the place as you described it, and the Same he addressed her by, together, have been the means of my enlightenment. Did you hear the name F" "I did not." "Then when we get home I shall tell you a great secret, for the name is one that concerns you very deeply." (To be Continued.) 