Nov." that the nomiiialicns are closedt the electors know precisely .what they have to do. Their area of selection is now fixed, and no further disturbing elements can come in to distract the business of acceptance and rejection. But it so happens that tlie right fnnctions of Literal electors are not changed irom -what they were at the beginning of the contest, for none of the candidates whose clairasupon them were unchallenged and indefensible have retired from the arena. It follows, therefore, that the Liberal party is. os unembarrassed at this moment, outside of Baliarat West, as it was a week ago in the electorates of this part of the colony, and tho men for whom Liberals should vote remain as before. In Baliarat" "West it is a matter for regret that there is a.surplusage of .Liberal candidates by tho advent of two gentlemen of good repute and of Liberal principle?, but whose Candidature will divide the attention of voters, and may tend to imperil ihe candidates whose claims are paramount. We re- fer, in this l&3t allusion, to Ifijor SMITH and Mr BELL, whose tried, proved, and faithful adherence to their pledges in many a well-fought Liberal battle in Parliament, and oat of it, entitles them to the -coneentra'ed support of the party in Baliarat West. Thero should bo no faltering t"? at direction, if there be any virtue in faithful service, and any virtue in its generous recognition. To. whomsoever one vote may be given, the Liberal elector is bound by all the motives of party honor and party gratitude to givo two unswerving votes to the two candidates we have named. Their proper place is first and second on the poll respectively, let who will win the third position. Itv Baliarat East the choice of the Liberal electors is still more plain, for all the votes of the party in that electorate should go straight for Messrs JAMES and licssELt. There is disturbing element there, and whatever Liberal does not adhere to the two men who. hare,, through good report and bad report, kept faithful to the lines of Liberal policy, turns his back npon his party and himself. Mr RUSSELL, it is true, has cot a long service in Parliament to point to like Mr JAMES, but lis has always been true to the cause of Libera'ism, and will be & cordial co-worker with the veteran JAMES ia furthering ths interests cf the Liberal party, upon which Mr Bnorur has so claims whatever Ia voting for the tvro dates whether or not they think the time has come for the infusion of new blood into their Parliamentary representation. The old members are before them, and tlieir career is well known, their worth doubtless wril valued, and it may be that many Liberal voters will be inclined to say of one of them and of Mr Lupi.-ux— *' Hot? happy coald I be with either. Were the other dear charmer away. In a case of such pleasant embarrass, ment we fear to intrude by too direct references. The Staweil electorate has before it Mr HART, A Liberal of ap proved standing, and we haw; no doubt that on Thursday next that gentleman will be found on the right side on the poll; He has no dfscrtions, breaclics of reasonable party discipline, no disloyal votes, to his debit, and .we hopo to see his reward iu the confidence of the electors cf Sea well. That is the right guiding consideration, and it ap plies to the old Liberal servants in all the electorates, a fact which will, we trust, have its due influence npon every elector when he enters the pollin; booth nest Tlinrsday. !f the patriotic spirit is bumin^ fiercely as the speakers' deliverances of late would lead'the public to suppose, one or two of the candidates for Baliarat West will ioae no dme in retiring from the contest There aresomecandidatcs who have reasonable grounds for believing that they will win, and there arc others who must see by tliia lime that they bavc no chance whatever of winning; and the latter should withdraw from the contest within the time allowed for the withdrawal of their nominations and deposits. Under ordinary circum. stances, this advice might very well be withheld, leaving experience - to show those candida'es who are sure to be defeated that it was felly for them to go on spending their money to fight a forlorn hope. Bat this is anything but an ordinary contest, and, therefore, the candidate, or candidates, who know by this time that they have no chance of being returned, would, wo do not hesitate to say, deserve the thanks, snot only of every thoughtful man in Baliarat, hut also of the "whole colony, if they withdrew from the field, so that the contest would be put upon a rational and wholesome basis. Amongst the candidates is what the Americans describe as a " carpetbagger," a man without th'e least stake in the district, a man not even a resident, a man with a political reputation that if any other human being had it ho would never show his face amongst white men again, a man who knows nothing whatever of mining, which is the chief interest of the district, a man who tries to hoodwink the electors by one moment telling them that he is a liberal, and ths next that he is a Conservative, who piteously. appeals to the Protestants for support in one breath, and to the Catholics in the next, who plays the old game of " sitting on a rail," so that no matter what tricks ho might play in the Assembly, he could not be taken to task by any party. This man h-i8 a c&ance; of being returned through the "terribly mistaken notions of some of the electors, because thero are so many candidates ia the field; whereas he would not have the ghost of a chance of succeeding were the contest brought within reasonable limits. He would then be defeated, as he was very properly defeated before; and the political honesty and morality of the colony would give a sigh of relief at having escaped from a pregnant piece of. demoralisation —from what can only be fitly described as a scandalous and terrible infliction. Will' those candidates who see they have no chance of being returned withdraw from the contest, so that by reducing the number cf candidates a political hnrabug can be kept cut of the House? If they will/aU true friends of decency and will bestow no of _ flying visit to Leigh Creek, Junction, Mask Creek, and several other places in that neighborhood, and had everywhere received the greatest encouragement. He waa assured the number of their friends id that locality hsd largely increased, and volnntaiy promises of support had been given to them by parties who had formerly opposed them, and from quarters they had least cxpccted to meet with success. Altogether, their visit had been attended with the most gratifying results. The Assizes for February will open to-day at ten o'clock, at the court-house, Lydiard street, under Mr Justice Higinbotham. There are fifteen prisoners awaiting trial, thirteen of whom are eolonials Among ottier trials is the rehearing of the casts against the young men charged with periury in con&ection; with the Hart' stabbing case. There arc only three civil actions on tlie list. The young man James Hart, cow servin a sentence for stabbing Constable Trarnor in Baliarat EiSt, was brought to Baliarat last night in the custody of Constable Monro. His_ arrival here is in connection with the parjaiy cases which arose ont of the stabbing case. MrCharles Salter explained his views last evening to a good meeting- of electors at Basher's Blue Bell hotel. Mr Georgj Smith occupied the cliair. The meeting was in favor pi Mr Salter's views, and gave promises to support him at the poll. Mr K ilter then addressed electors at Gill's hotel, Weadouree, where Mr J. D. WooJcottacted as chairman. The candidate was well received, and Mr George Smith proposed a vote of confidence, which was seconded by Mr Seeley and carried nnanimously. Mr Salter subsequently addressed fully 150 electors at Cummins' Millers* Arms hotel, Doveton street north, and 'was well received. A unanimous vote of confidcncc was passed and a committee formed. The committee will meet oa Monday evening.' The spcciil service in Lydiard Street Weslcyan Cbureh last night, conducted by Major liarker and Captain Hodges and staff, mth the Rev. J. P. Cann, was as usual highly appreciated by a numerous congregation. The usual " open-air" proceedings; in which Mr M. Hosking and band assisted, and the subsequent "march" to the church attracted a. very large and orderly gathering. Specially interesting features of the meeting were the vigorous singing and numerous "testimonies" given by youthful converts.. The results of the after meeting were also of an encouraging description. Attention is requested to the advertisement of services for this evening and to-morrow. • Mr Kelly addressed the electors at Skoglund's hotel, tittle Bendigo, last night. There was a large attendance; Mr John Duncan in the chair. The candidate spake at considerable length. He said it wvs necessary to have lawyers on the Liberal side, so that the victories gained at the ballot-box should not be frustrated by the Conservative lawyers, as heretofore. The candidate received a hearty vote of confidence. A Reformatory boy, who ran awav from his legal abode, gave himself up at the Eastern lock-up last night. The change in the weather did not agree with him in the life he had made up his mind to lead. MrC. E. Jones-visited Haddon yesterday, and in the evening addressed a meeting of electoral at the Concert Hall. Mr Jones was well received, and several questions were disposed of. Thanks were given to the chairman. Mr Jones subsequently met his friends at Meagher's hotel, and at Walsh's Cardigan hotel, receiving in each case assurances of support The candidate will visit Kopke's hotel, at the Grand Trunk, early in the week, hut the day - and hour have not yet been ascertained. Mr Fincham addressed a meeting of electore at Napoleons yesterday, where all present promised him snpport. Mr Bray presided. Mr Ficcham subsequently held a meeting at Cambrian Hill, where be was listened to attentively, and then questioned on various matters for a considerable lime. A motion of confidence having been movedj an amendment was proposed, for which only four voted. The remainder of the meeting voted for the motion. Same of the woodcarters and others engaged in and near the Billarat and Creswick fcitate forest seem to have been rather harehly dealt with lately in regard to the bye-law prohihiting the removal of youcg timber from the forest. Yesterday a pcor man was fined for breaking off a young sprout from a decayed stump. Another unfortunate woodcarter, when fiaed 40s and costs for cutting a sapling to use as a prop, asked the bench°iu all seriousness if they would take it out in wood. The dignified justices evidently thought the poor fellow was "poking fun : ' at them, and with austerity bade him begone. At the meeting held at Munro's, Alfrdton, at midday yesterday, Mr Vale gave a full exposition of his views, and was attentively listened to throughout. A mianiinons vote prospecting, when a quantity of earth fell on him, and partiMIy buried him. _ \Vith assistance, ho was cxtricatcd, abrt it was found that he had eustaioed a severe shaking and some braises. He was removed to his residence, and last evening was doing as well as could be expected. The B..M.S. Xizam arrived at Albany at twenty minutes to twelve p.m. on tho ISto instant, and sailed forOlenelgai ten minutes to six a.m. on the 14th. We are requested by Mr Macdonald to say that there is no tenth in the report that he has withdrawn his nomination for the Grant electorate. Oa the contrary he intends to go to the poIL As the five o'clock train for Creswick was about leaving Baliarat yesterday afternoon, a man was observed by Constable O'Gridy to jump through a window into oneof"lhe carriages. The constable secured the name .of the offender, and it is probable that police proceedings will ensue. At the Miners' Association sports at Haddon yesterday, politics occupied the first lilac, for wherever two'or three were together the race3 seemed to.be forgotten, and the nifrits and chances of the candidates were discussed, to the exclusion of all other subjects. All the candidates visited the ground during the day, and availed themselves of the gathering to interview their friends and supporters and push their canvas^ for the district. We are informed by the city health officer, D- Bunc?, that ophthalmia of an infectious nature is very prevalent in this district. He advises parents to consult their medical attendants as early as possible on noticing any redness of their children's eyes. It is not uncommon in this country to mistake ophthalmia for blight. The former often endangers the eyesight, while the latter (blight) is a harmless disease of the eyelid alone. Complaint is made by residents ia tlie neighborhood of the annoyance caused by a number of prostitutes who have rented a house iu Kipon street, and who are said to conduct themselves in a manner the reverse of respectable. The attention of the police is desired to the proceedings at this "house of sale." A contingent of the Salvation Army will open a fort on Camp Hill, Beaufort, at ten a.m. on Suudsy, and at three p.m. at the Saxon cla'tn, and at six p.m. at the Hobart Pasha claim, Watcrlob. Frederick King, Henry Freeman, and William Kelly, the three yonths charged with breaking iato tho dwellinghouse of Mrs Bullas, at Wendource parade, and stealing therefrom a -igold brooch and locket, were brought before the City bench yesterday, and committed for trial at tho Baliarat'Assizes, to be held to-day. At the City .Police" Court yesterday a ycusg man named M "Donald was charged with forging a chcque for £3 7s 64 on the Bank of Australasia on tho 15th Match, 1S70. Detective Eason applied fcr a remand, until Wednesday next, which was granted. .- Mr Thomson. P_M."on Thursday, at Snake Vailey, held a magisterial cuqniry into the cause of the dc-ath of the miner James Riley, who was killed in the -New Britannia mine, Snake Valley, on Tuesday last. After hcarint; the'evideacc, the magistrate found that Hi ley's deatii resulted from concussion of the brain, caused by his having been accidentally crushed between the cage and the shaft timbers. The schedule of. prizes for the eighth grand champion sheep show, to take plac-s on the 13th and 14th September cext, bas just been issued. The amount to be awarded is no less than £1087, and, included amongst the prizes will be several gifts in the shape of silver plate and works of art alike creditable to the donor?,* and honorable to the recipients. Tnere are no less thanfi ve champion challenge prizes, each of which will be a firstclass testimonial to sheep-breeders, and, considering the premier position which the lial larat Champion Sheep Show now occupies in the Australian colonies, a widecompetition is certainly to be depended npon, A meeting fur the purpose of forming a literary soeieSy and debating club in Smythesdalo, was' held in the fire brigade room on Thursday evening last. The mavor, Mr Ueury Procter, was voted to the chair, and Mr* If. C.' Haliymn5e, the convener of the meeting, briefly stated that, finding there was a general desire that such a society should be formed, he had communicated with a number of gentlemen on the subject, twenty-four of whom had promised to join and render all the assistance in their power. It was thea unanimously resolved to form a society, to be called the Smythesdale Literary Society and Debating Club. Mr Jahn Lynch,-J.P.-, was elected president; the Rev. C. H. Harris, Father Corcoran, and Mr Procter, vice-presidents ; Mr H. W. Ander- son, treasurer; Mr I[. C. Dalrymple, secretary ; committee—Messrs J. Kaukin, \V. W. Greene, J. Lynch, junior, K. Koights, John F. Carmichael, and George - Blaikie. It - was dreo of larger growth; also some very good racing by the young men cf the distinct. The iter. J, E. and Mrs May visired the grounds daring the day; also Mr William Luplan, one of the candidates for Grant. Tlie Kev. Mr Carr was unavoidably absent. The whole affair reflects the very greatest credit on all concerned, and fpedal thanks must be tendered to Mrs Graathan. b' isses Dicker, Deacon (2), Derripston (2), Bozenski (2), Simmons, and .Neville; as well as to Messrs De'.I, Simmons, Satterthwaite, Morze, a&d; Neville. To-night a new drams, "AH For Gold," will be played for the first time in Baliarat. It was written by Mr F. E. C. Hopkir.?, of Eeliuca, ef p-cially for Mr Dampier, with the object of displaying the' abilities of his talented children, Lily and Koae. They have appeared : sa this piece with the greatest success all over the world. The iia* Francieco BuUrtin tins criticised their performances in California :— 11 Mr Dampier and bis two perfectly charming little daughters made their first appearance at the Cafifor-' nian Theatre last evening, before a very large audience. The piece is excessively well written, and is strsngly dra«r.atie throughout. Mr Dampier may tafely be- congratulated npon having achieved an undoubted triumph. At first the audience seemed somewhat disposed to treat him coldly, nnd the applause was scssly, but as his merits as an actor began to tel!, they wsrmcd towards him, and before the end of the first act hi3 success in California was established. His manly appearance, eo well set off by the military dress of a soldier in the First, Umpire, his fine rich and sonorous voice, and his great ability as an actor, could not fail to win the hearts of an audience ever ready to recognise true merit, and supplemented as Mr Dampier's own deserts were by the de- lightfully artless, yet finishing, acting of his two little daughters, it is no wonder that he completely captivated the public, and the theatre may be* said to have secured a standard attraction." In London, the Daily Tele^raji/e said :—The twb children,.Lily and B,u£e, are models of charming, artless beauty and wonderful perception. vTIiether in their conversation with their guardian, or left alone on the stage, tbey diplay alike the greatest vivacity and understanding. Theirs is not" merely the unmeaning and stilted utterances to which 4 phenomenal' children are usually remarkable, but they spEak with distinctness" and so evident an appreciation of the characters they represent as to command the highest admiration." Evidently there is a treat in etcre for our playgoers. A legal correspondent writes to the Argus as follows:—"It might only be fair to point ont in the Argus that any candidate employing cabs at the elections will be guilty of • bribery.' It is generally supposed that tbe .prohibition applies only to Council elections, and indeed it was only intended so to apply, but the Act is so worded as to include both." Mr Brough Smyth, formerly secretary for Mines, has been appointed (says the Telegraph) registrar to the Sandhurst ScJ;ocI of Mines at a salary of £G00-per annum. Michael Shallue, a miner employed in the third level of the Long Tunnel mine, was seriously crushed (says the Argus) by a fall of etone-obout-eleven o'clock on Wednesday night. His injuries are principally confined to tho shoulders and back, but their exact nature has not yet been ascertained. The storm which burst over Albury last Saturday evening appears to have been more than usually prolific with thunderbolts (ob- serves the ISordfT Post). Several are reported as having fallen in various parts of Victoria, and a gentleman who witnessed one in Bsechworth describes the occurrence as very startling. Tbe flash appeared to descend vertically, and struck the centre of the (Ford) street. At the bottom of the vivid streak was a large globe i £ fire, and as soon as this rcs-jhed the ground a terrific explosion ensued. • A lfiy sitting in one of the adjacent hrtnses was bodily ejected ont of her chair, being violently thrown on the ground and stunned effectually for a time. At a meeting of electors (says the Argus) on Thursday night Mr Geo. Cippin, who is a director of tbe Commercial Bank, stated that information had baen received from London that purchasers of the Iate4 per cent. Victorian loan at par had . sold debentures ai J per cent, premium. A short couree of lectures on "Practical perspective" will commence at the City Free Library School of Design, next Monday evening, at half-past seven. We are requested to direct attention to Gunn and Cu.'s advertisement in another column, announcing the kind of trusses on sale at their establishment, 7 Lyons street south. A concert in connection with St. John'« will be held in the lecture-hall, Piel street^ next Monday evening, starting at eight o'clock. The Rev. J. W. Inglis will pesA^ and a varied cntertamnicnt.<euis _ sented. -.-^S-^^gSTb adc, and attb" pre- 