SELECTED POETRY. LCKE. [In the Colorado Pfirk, IS73.] WotV that you're feadui' /—a novel! A novel —well, d":.m my skin 1 ( You a man grown and bearded, and histin such stuff e7. thnt in— Stuff about pals and their sweethearts! No wonder you're thin cz a knife Look nt mc—clar two hundred—and never read one in my life ! That's rayopinion o' novels. Andes to their livin' round here, They belonged to the -Ted^e's daughter—the Jcdge who came up last year On account of his lungs, and the mountains*. and the balsam o 1 pine and fir : And his daughter—well, she re id novels, and that's what's the matter with her. Yet she was 6weet on the Jcdge, and stuck to Mm day aud uight, Alone in the cabin up ycr—till she grew like a ghost all white. She was only a slip of a thing, cz light and ez up ami nrrnj- Ez rifle-smokeblown through the woods, but she wasn't my kind—no way ' Speckin 1 0' gals, d'ye mind that house ez you rise the hill. A mile and a half from White's and jict above * Mattingly's mill ? You do ? Well, now, thar't a gal I What, you saw her J 0, come now, tbar quit! She was only bedev'lin' you boys, for to me she don't cotten one bit, Now, she's what I call a gall—ez pretty and plump er. a quail. Teeth ez white ez a bound's, and they'd go through a ten-penny nail; Eyes that kin snap like a cap. So she asked to know " wbar I was hid ?" Bhe did ? O, its jist like her sass, for she's peart as a katy-kid But what I was talkin' of ?—O! the Jedgc and his daughter— ehe read KoTels the whole day long, and I reckon she read them abed, And sometimes she read them out loud tothe Jedge on the porch where be uat, And 'twas bow " Lord Augustus" said this, an how " Lady Blanche' she said that. But the sigkfeEt 'of all that I heerd, was a yarn * "; that they reid 'bout a chap, " Leather stocking" by name, and a hunter chock full o' the greenest o' sap : And they asked me to bear; but 1 says : " Miss* Mabel, not any for me ; When I likes I kin sling my own lies, and thet chap and I shouldn't agree." Yet somehow or other she was always sayin' I brought her to mind Of folks about whom she bad read, or suthin belike thet kind, And thar warn't no end o' the names thet she gave me thet summer up here, "Bobin IJood," •*' Lecher- Stocking," " Bob Boy"-rO, I tell ydu. the critter was queer And yet ef she hadn't been spiled, she was harmless enough in her way ; She could jabber iii French to her dad, and they said thet she knew how to play, And she worked me that shot-pouch up thar —which the man doaen't live ez ken use, And slippers—you see 'em down ycr— ez would cradle an Injin's pappoose. Yet along o'them novels, you see, she was was tin and.mqpin' away, And then the gotshy with her tongue,iJid at "lafetliad nothuiVto say ; And whenever I happened arouud, her face it was hid by a book, And it warn't until she left that she gave mc cz much ez a look. And this was the way it was: It was nigh when I k«m up here To say to 'em all "good-bye," for 1 reckoned to go for deer At" sun up" the day they left. So I shook / 'em alt bTthehand, / " Cept Habel, and she was siclc, ez they gave me to understand. But just cz I passed the house next morning at dawn, some oue, Like a little waver o' mist, got dp 011 tbe hill with tbe sun; Hiss Mabel it wa«, alone—all wrapped in a mantle of lace— And she stood there straight in the road, with a touch o' the sun in her face. And she looked mc right in the eye—I'd seen suthin like it before When I bunted a wounded doc to the edge o' the Cleat Lake shore. And 1 had my knee on its neck, and jist was' raisin' my knife When it gave mo a look like that, aud—well it gotoff with it life. We ore going lo-day," she said, "and I thought I would say good-bye To Ton in your bouse, Luke—the woods and the bright bine sky i' You've always been kind to ns, Luke, and papa has found you still As good as the air he breathes, and wholesome as Laurel Tree Hill. "And we'll always think of you, Luke, ns the thing wo could not take away— The balsam that dwells In the woods, the rainbow that lives in the spray. And you'll sometimes think of me, Luke as you know you once used to say, A rifle- smoke blown through tbe woods, a moment, but never to stay." And then we shook hands. Bhe tuned but a suddent she tottered and fell, And I caught her sharp by the waist, aud held her a minit—well, it was only a minit, you know, that ez wbite the lay Xi a enowfUke hen on my breast, and then ebc melted away— And was gone. * » » And thar are hti books ; bnt I says not any for mo. uod enough may be for some, but thc;:i niirf I mightn't r-grec. Tucy spoiled a decent gal ez might heviua ic S"foe cb p a wife : And hok at me!—clar two hundred —an J uevt-r read o.ie in my lifo 1 -Bret lldrtc. 