BEOADBEIM'S NEW YORK LETT1B. The BrooJclyn JSagle, which is one of the liveliest .democratic evening papers in the Union, tells a story of a countryman who came in to renew his subscription, and on being asked bow things were out on Long Island, told the gentleman who does the local items that quite a number of people have given-up farming in his vicinity and had gone to hunting. ;" Local items" was something of an amateur sport, and inquired if game was plentiful out" his-way. "The countryman re plied that it was not; that seventy-five men in his neighborhood had been out since last Tuesday, and hadn't got a thing. " What kind of game do they hunt mostly?" said "Local Items." " Well, this last bitch," said the countryman, " they've been huntin' Re publicans." " Merciful powers!" said " Local Items," "you don't mean to say they shoot 'em?" "Sotmuch," said the countryman, " for they can't find none of the durned crit ters to shoot." Several ink bottles, a number of spittoons, and an old file of Eagles followed the countryman as he retreated to his market waggon, feeling no doubt that he had fur nished that slashing paper some valuable sporting information. On the other hand democrats are everywhere. The woods are full of 'em, they exclaim with the disci ples of old, " It is good for us to be here." The excitement of the election over, we are bow settling down to regular business. There is, however, an item which appears in the paper with alarming frequency, and to which I have often alluded to in these letters, and that is the incarceration of sane men in insane asylums. From the present revelations it-would seem as if there is absolutely no pro tection for any man if two or three of his friends or relatives conspire against him. These things are frightful enough to contem plate when the work of selfish -individuals ; hut when a religious and charitable institution makes itself the minister of vengeance and oppression, there is a horror about it that language cannot convey. A young man, oc cupying a position which paid him $3,000, took to drinldng, and at the request of his re latives he was put in a religious institution for the special cure of inebriates, and it must be a very luxurious establishment, for some of the inmates paid more for their board than would furnish them with elegant quarters at the Fifth avenue or the Brunswick. Though professedly non- sectarian, they labored to make this wicked young man a good profess ing Christian, but their seed was not planted in fallow gronnd ; so as they could not make a-Christian of him, they sent him to a lunatic asylum. When his sister applied to the in stitution to find ber brother's whereabout?, the officer in charge absolutely, refused to give her the information she desired. Then com menced a weary bunt, which was finally re warded by finding her brother in the lunat ic asylum on Blackwell's Island. During an incarceration of several weeks, the wretched man bad to submit to nameless horrors; and how he continued to keep his senses, with his terrible surroundings, is a mystery. He fully realised his situation, and when brought before the Judge, was pronounced as sane as any man in. the court. If it had not been for his faithful sister he might have been kept till madness really intervened. A few weeks more, and the job would have been complete. How many unfortunate wretches are thus in carcerated in these dreadful asylums, who have no faithful sisters or loving friends to look after them, and :who die at last behind their prison bars. Do not imagine from the foregoing, that I think all the lunatics are depd, for they are not. The sale of tickets for Mrs. Langtry's third -week began on Monday last, and on Sunday night, as the.people were coming from church, a long line of men might be seen in front of *WiaUack'8 theatre, whohadcome there evidently prepared to stay all night, and till ten o'clock on Monday morning, when I he box office would open for the sale of tickets, and they could secure seats for the moderate price of five dollars apiece, provided they were not par ticular. If these be not mad men I know not what they are. Thousands of men and women have been committed to lanatic asylums on one-tenth of the evidence of insanity exhibited by these imbeciles. Just think of standing thirteen hours on the side-walk through a miserable, cold, foggy, winter night to see a woman who, in point of talent, is not the equal of the leading lady in any of the metropolitan theatres, and in point of personal beauty is surpassed by dozens of girls in the ballets of any of our first class companies. The same thing occurred once before, but then there was eome excuse for it. When Mr. Dickens re turned to this country in 1868, a line formed at Stein way Hall, and hundreds of people stood in the cold through a bitter winter night to purchase tickets to see the great English novelist. It was worth something to see a man like him ; men of his cast only come once in a century—if they do as often as that. But it is no use talking; whatever or who ever gets possession of the hour can do just what they will. There seems to be a perfect craze among our sisters, our cousins, and our aunts, to get a look at her; whether it adds much to their happiness after they have seen her I am not able to report. One thing is certain, neither Bridget, nor her mistress is happy unless Bhe has a jersey. If there is any unfortunate female in your "deestrich" who Las not got a jersey, get up a subscription for her, by all means, and procure one for her :it any cost. ITo woman's character is safe in Mew York without a jersey. Her position in society is gauged bytheset of her jersey. It isan unques tionable certificate of honor honesty, intellect, and social standing; it is a present passport to' respectable society, and, unlike charity, it does not hide a multitude of faults. The jersey is not solely confined to females of beautiful shape; would that it were, but Medician Venuses, with waists like lager beer barrels, and CJytes with shoulders like a wool sack, and 'arms like a badly stuffed bologna, do much delight in jerseys. I may not live long enough to see it, but perhaps' in a happier age, when the men are not all don keys and the women are all angels, this pass ing madness may be relegated with bangs and false hair to that nethermost regioH where trailing skirts and enormous bustles are now paying the penalty of their crimes. I never get testhefcic without putting my foot in it, so I had better stop right here. Do you think that the age of miracles is passed out your way ? Well, I can assume it has not. In Brooklyn flourished! a gospel minister who can cure you by just putting his band on the part aff«*cted, and hey, presto, fly! the disease Vnnishes like a ehnst. The City of Churches is very much stirred by this \- new evangelist, and 1-ke the apostles of old, he does not require faith as a snie qua non for his cure. I don't know that he can restore an amputated leg or a lost arm, but ordinary cases of dilapidation are mere playthings in his hands. A woman who was deaf as a post for twenty years was cured in a minute by the watch, and now, like the old woman in the " Tale of a Trumpet," she can actually hear what people are going to say. It is all very well for dou'-ting Thomases to cry " phoo! phoo!" and all that sort of thing; but the fact remains that this Brooklyn evan gelist makes his cures in public every Sunday night, and many afflicted rejoice thereat. It is seldom that Broadbrim is called upon to apologize for his orerdoings or shortcom ings, but I feel that I do owe an apology to my readers for on absurd m stake which oc curred in a previous letter, and it refers to Dr. Storrs, of Brooklyn. Just as I was writ ing my New York letter late at night, a friend rushed in, pale as a ghost, and informed mo that Dr. Storrs had made up his mind to leave Brooklyn. Now, when a man talkB of Dr. Storrs, in Brooklyn, there is only one man he can think of, that is the Rev. Richard S. Storrs, the honored pastor of the Church of the Pilgrims. There might be fifty other Dr. 'Storrs in Brooklyn, but when the name is mentioned the Brooklynite can only think of one. This was my case. I was eo surprised at the announcement that for the moment I lost my head, and if my .salvation had de pended on it I could not have recalled, on the instant, Dr, Storrs'initials. I asked my friend Dr. Storrs' initials, and he gave them to me correctly enongh for the person for whom they were really intended, but I did not detect the mistake till the mischief was done, and had I penned the article in my letter in reference to Dr. Storrs. Dr. Henry M. Storrs is no doubt a most excellent Christian gentleman, and will prove a great acquisition to the delightful suburb of Orange ; but under no circumstances could I look upon his departure in the light of a public calamity. Dr. Richard S. Storrs, I am happy to state, is still a resident of Brooklyn, and he will doubt less dispense the Bread of Life at the Pilgrim's Church till his Master summons him away. I can only say that I am glad I was mistaken, and that the City of Churches, for the pre sent at least, will not be. called, upon to mourn the loss of one of the most Bplendid pupil orators and noble Christian gentlemen in America. Trusting that a lenient public will bring in the verdict of the Yorkshire jury: "Hot guilty, but don't do it again," I offer my humble apology. Langtry is pretty, but she cannot play Rosa lind ; still, she draws, and that is the main point with Mr. Abbey. In the language of the Bowery, " Bhe kin travel on her shape." Our noble Romans are causing us consider able trouble. For a nation that boasts so much about art, the sample bricks we get here in the United States are about the scaliest, dirtiest lot to be found on the face of the earth, and most of them are ignorant as Hot ter.tots. Instead of musicians, sculptors, and painters, the greater body of them are scaven gers and rag-pickers. Here and there some man of genius and brains rises to the dignity of an apple or a peanut stand, but he is an exception. All of them are ready for mur der. Not a man of them ventures out without his knife, which he is ready to use on the slightest provocation. On Sunday last a crowd of drunken villians attacked a police officer and nearly severed his arm from his body. In the melee one of the banditti at tempted to shoot the officer, but fortunately killed one of |his own gang. Those who have been active in ostracising the Chinamen might turn their attention to the noble Roman. He is ripe and ready for the sickle. Stocks took a whirl up, and the tone of the market is improved. Weather, so-so-ish and looking towards winter. 