MISCELLANEOUS IRISH ITEMS. Mb. Justicb Babby, at the Munster Winter Assizes at Cork last week, paBsed sentences upon prisoners who had been found guilty of various offences during tho Commission. Two- . . brothers, named Doluhunty, for shooting with intent to murder, woro sont to penal servitude ?- for lifo ; and David Fleming, for taking part with another person in shooting and wounding, waa sentenced to twenty jcara' penal servitude. A soldier has been tried by court-martial at Lonmoro Barracks, Gal way, for having loft his post whilo on duty outside the gaol, alleging that he saw tho ghost of Mylea Joyce, which frightened him away. His story waj dia bolieved, and he was sentenced to twelve months' imprisonment. The authorities aro convinced that theknivoa found somo months ago noar tho roir of tho house of ono of the men arrested on January 13, are those used in the Phconix Par* assassi nations, for thoy fit exactly the width of tho outs in the c'othos of Lord Freder.ck Caven dish and Mr. Burko. The oity of Limerick was virtually in a state of Biego on tho night of January 15. Largo bodies of police, armed with rifles and revolvers, patrolled the principul thoroughfares. Two men were arrested, but no arms wcm fouud. upon them. Mr. Parnell's estate has been the scene of another popular demonstration. Several hun dred people assembled with bands to plough his land, and a large stubble field adjoining hia demesno was ploughed up very quickly, over 200 ploughs being cngagou, while in a field , of 21 acres ut Garrymoro 80 ploughs wero employed. AtLismore Presentment Sessions Mr Currey,. agent for the Duke of Devonshire, lins claimed £415 as compensation for the malicious de struction of a range of out-oOices winch were burnt on tho farm of Mr. Boyle, tenant of tho Duke, near Lismoro, on November 21. Mr. Boyle had two claims arising out. of the same occurrence. There were three fires within short intervals, and several cattle were de stroyed on the first occasion. The present ments were passed. Lady Florence Dixie has declined to accept a testimonial in appreciation of her efforts to re lieve the Irish distress. It is coosequently announced that the £28G contributed for that purpose will be returned to the subscribers. Earl Spencer, when the guest of the Earl of Portarlington, waa waited upon by a deputation from the town of Portarlington, on January 18. The Lord Lieutenant, in the course of his reply, saia : — 'You refor to the crime which, during, recent years, prevailed to an alarming extent and to tho improvemert whi h has now taken place. I am glad to think of this improvement. The lawless men who lorjg assumed to them selves the right to take the lives and regulate tho actions of peaceful and law-abiding people of this country, are now learning that they can not, with impunity, break the laws of the land. It haB been the duty of the Government to endeavour to restore true liberty of action to every subject of the Queen — to enable every citizen freely and safely to follow his business, and to fulfil his duties as he thinks best. I hopo that some progress has been made towards this end, but after the events of recent yehrs it is impossible that tho evil can be at once eradi cated.' ? ; Mubdebed by an Abobioixai.— The West ? Australian has obtained from a letter particu lars of the sad fate of Mr. A. Cornish, one oE the members of the Kimberlcy Pastoral Com pany :—' On Wednesday, the 13th December' Cornish left the homo station for at other seven and a half miles off, with a flock of weaners, assisted by Winny (a Pinjarrah native) and a native man and woman of this country, and, took with him various articles — shirt, trousers, Sec, and a largo American axe ; the latter ho gave to a Fitzroy native to carry. At two miles he sent Wiuny back, saying that as the woaneru travelled so quietly he was not required . The same nigh'; Edgar came to me at midnight and stated that it was rumonrod that Cornish wa» killed, and thut he feared it was too true, as the Fitzroy native who had been in. our employ for some time had suddenly run off and swum tho Fitzroy. Eu-ly the follow ing morning wo started on Cornish's tracks, and eaw where ho had dismounted to drive the sheep on foot. At about half-past 10 a.m.' we came upon tho body. From the wounds it was evidont that deceased had been killed by an axe. Near tho body was found a pencil, shirt, and mirror ; the tobacco, castor oil, strychnine, axe, &c;, were gono. I took his revolver off and found ono chamber discharged, but this I knew he had discharged tho previous ovoning at an eaglo-hawk. Wo looked carefully about but could see no sign of any struggle hiving taken place. The native's name is Guerhilla^ he told another Fitzroy native called Lofty that he had done the deed.' A Railway fbom Ten tebfibdd to Gb aptoit —The /S. M. Herald of Saturday last, discuss ing Sir Henry Parkes's proposal at Tonterfield of a railway to connect that town with Grafton and the coast, says : — ' Keeping in view tho great object of connecting the rich Olaronco district with the reet of the colony, there re» mains a third project, which, on.clo.-er inspec tion, may turn out to bo tho best of all, and, that is a coa»t lino from Mo-peth to the Tweed. Such a lino would have the great advantage of accommodating not one northern river only, but nil of thom, and of traversing a district which has the best rainfall in the colony. Tho late Government promised to have a survey made of this route, with an approximate estimate of! expenditure, and this is a work which ought to be carried out with the least possible delay, as in its absence we have not got tho whole problem entirely beforo ub. Connected with, all these projects is the important question o£ improving the navigation of tho Clar eneo Sir Henry Parkes is quite right in E&yi-g; that we ought to do all wo can to improve our natural water ways, of which we have not too many. Thero are somo persons, amongst whom ia Mr. Faw cett, the late member for tho Bichmond, who* seem to think that our coast rivers are Bimply will-o'-the-wisps, leading ub into quagmires of expenditure, and that we had far better con centrate our outlay on places on tho coast Uko Trial Bav and Cape Byron, whero largo arti ficial harbours might be constructed free from all tho dangora of bar rivers. We should he) loath to adopt such a conclusion, and wo can not, think the Clarence difficulty ono boyond the racgo of engineering science, or of a reasonably moderate expenditure. .But, at tho same time, magnificent as tho Clarence Biver is, it does not at present offor a safe-harbour. The first want of tho district is to conquer that diflioulty, and until it is conquered, or until it can be shown that it can bo conquered, all schemes ,for mating Grafton a port for Invorell are premature' 