WE CHcURCJR OF ENGLAND.. LAYING THE: FOUNDATION ' STONE. Y F?terdiy 'a fternooniith interesting ceteruony of layinig the founihation stone: of the new. St.:Jolii's Church of Eng land,' Bariirsdale, was conducted by,the incumbent, tlid Rev. W. G.'.Uiiidly, assisted by tie Rev. Canon W\atson (Sale), and ,the Revs. Hollis (MnfIfrai and J. Walker (Traralgorn): Tlieri wan a large attenidance of the; conreg?' il, i andilikewise argood nttetidanciaof i:tem bars of 'other "denominations 'S After singing and prayer, Mr. Elston, o?n be., half of the guardians, and cougregatibon of the church, presented to the Rev. .V. -G. Hindley s handsonme. ivoriy-handled. silver trowel, with which the rev. gentle uman performed the task allotted toi lim, sayii)g ?-" la'lay tiis mnem?il stin:." i chlurci;to' e called St. Jolhi's Cihurcli, in the samne of tile Father, and of; the, Sbol; iind of the IIolyo Gh'ost/.. ;nien:d'. After: the stone had been declared well ijid-truly laid; ". . . : '- .,: ! The Rev. WY., G. Hindley explainied the absence f mis' Lordship the Bislhopa of Melbourne onrthe eccasi6ii, remarkino that allr.connected with the lihuircl felt that absence keenly, bht they, manginiiig that? theyy could get .tlhe bishop always-had left applying to lim too long, sd that when Dr. Mhoorhouse was invited;' his presence had-been pireviously pron wised elsewhere, and lie could not break his engiiagemeint to he present. The re., gentleman referred at considerabls length' to the step they were taking in erecting a house to beodecoted totlhe 'orslhip of the Giver of. their present prosperity, and congratulated the., congregation on tie sucress which had sob far attenlded their efforts. He remanrked that a non-. churchgoing community were a nimmoral community, as the history of the past onuld demonstrate, and therefore it was iighly gratifying to lhimself, and it must be equally pleasing to' tho congregation and to their visitors, to find that the old church, a church of struggles and diffi culties, lrhd become inadequate to the, requirements of the increasing congr:e. gation of the church. - ' 'Tie Rev.' Canon Watson,,in' i pithy. speech, dilated on the cuincidence.that dluring the same week the two principal downs in Gippsland were engaged'. In laying the' memorial stoinesfa f nen w edi fices for the Church of England, -and likewise to the singular,coincidence that tihe same,.gentleman had- inscribed. tle scrolls which had been, placed in the cdivitiei of' the corner .stones of:tthe two old churches,. the one of. which had been already unearthed and the other would shortlybe,'so thai ii all proba bility that gentleman- woull live to se the two scrolls lie lhad inscribed ol thl? occasion of laving'tihe foundation stones of the two churches unearthed. The rev. gentleman congratulated the Bairns-, dale congregatioii on their worthy et'orts to raise a suitable house"iii which to wbrslipd their Creator, observing that they'liad discovered that theirold ehurch, like many of their ambitions, although lofty, was narrow and perhaps mean;. Hoewas pleased to find- that they hind decided upon erecting a new church,. rather than adding to the oll olne, and he urged them alf.to'"put shoulder to shoulder and assist energetically in free. ing the edifie'they were erecting from debt as speedily as 'pdssible. It was unreasonable: to suppose thiat a few should dive their- hands sufficiently deep into their pockets to supply tle neces nsay funds, butliettrusted that oie.ann all would assist. in tlhe good work, and that.the time wvould not -be far distant when they would hnavi their churclf'uin encumbered by debt. : r:: The Rev. J.:Hollis felt great pleasure inn being present' on tli occasiqi, and, at considefable lengill, d'wielt upintl the great work at present being diini by tinhe rcurch..; Here in Gipeisland. they had. been engagedwilthlin two days of laying the corner stones of two commodious churches, within 50 miles of each other. 'A few years ago.Gippslnnd nwasan tlulmnst uninhabited' foest, ' bit ''no'ow it was studded 'in `'ll direitisil 'wtth buildings erected to ithehonor' anil 'glory of the GCeat Giver of their temporal prosperity. 'ri'i Rev. Canoin WVatsnc had referred to the coincidence of the foundations of.tihe two churches brig Inid alnmost sisiul taneously. 1erhaps the questionl might arise as to which edifice wou!d be enn Iplted lirst. He was int a betting man, but if Ih were ihe wonhl Ib, inclind ito bt two, to onil (,n Idnirns hle. li, wuhll int ,nly feel an inelinntihn to Ibet t mm toi one on their church bhing hilished first, but, likewise, he wonl vinturitie two, hi one oun its h?eing paid for firt. t, M, id nired the piluink ofit linirn dilo peop, n atn wais very glad to be therm that day to f 'itnles the in einnl- ii in lt then int ,n arestinit llnil slemln cerml|hiti l tl t p?i r forld. I len c ,hin ,?n i d in ti n 4 11 t nisit ctOn lilly i?i l wn illinigly i th inlI 'Ih Ith-, ,I, n 'idker fin th' i in t?n?nitd that ice nee a+,n was "elart ',v ? 11, fn ' bail - tuu, dit tiin t'nt ,,nlut -I' 5 11tl ti ltitned hint i, h lI t'uu tlbnl on ithl t, u I t tholnly, 'Thin 1'el" n tti otolllll11 ilthou Ii livered a somowhat lengthy address on that text, concluding by making a few very practical observations on the neces sity which existed for those who were favored by a bountiful store of temporal wealth contributing manificently to the temple being raised for their spiritual welfare. Prayer anl siginging then followed, and after the Benediction, the congregation deposited their offerings on the stone, the result being a total of £20 ]0s. The following was the inscription on' the scroll deposited in the cavity : In nomino Doi. Amen. Colony of Victoria, Australia. Diocese of Melbourne, Archdeaconry of- Melbourne. Parish of St. John's Bairnsdale, County of Tanjil, North Gippshmd. ' Anne Domini MDCCCLXXtIII. Being the 47th year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria. Bishop of Melbourne, Itight Rev. J. Moor house, D.D. Archdeacon, Very Rev. H. B. Macart. ney, D.D. Incumbent of St. John's, oRev. W. G. Hindloey... Board of Guardians. H. Besloey W. L. A Elston. - M. W. Bower : H. Goodenough E. Bull ... Ja?ckon B. John" on J. Tipping Trusfees. C. C. Greene Alex. Smith S J.D. Smith The first foundation stone of this church was laid by John Davidson Smith on the 8th October" 1860, but the design was never completed, and the building being inadequate for the growth of the district, 'it was decided to erect the present more conimodious structure in its place. Architect, J. Ibler; Contractor, W. J. Yates. In th:e cavity' were also deposited -copies of the Bairnsdale. Advertiser, B. and B. News, Argus, Age and Telegraph, nnd the following coins namely .d, ?-d, ld, SJd, 4d, Gd, Is, 2s, 2s 6d and 5s. "The-2silver"trowel presented to the Rev eW.- GHindley was a very hanid someaone' and was obtained from Ir;... W. QOsborn by, whom it was. suitably .inscribed. :The inscription on the stone was :-- "This: niemorial stone was laid. by the -, :Roev. W. G., Hindley, 19th 'December;' " The whole proceedings. weirecohducted •in a niost successful manner and lasted a little over an liour. 