NOTES ANVD VENV'rS. The official notifications of the forthcoming Shire elections appear in our advertising columns. The day of nomination is Tuesday 31st instant, and nomination papers duly signed and accompanied by the usual deposit must be lodged in the hands of the returning officer not later than four o'clock on the afternoon of the said day. Mr. W. A. Armstrong has announced himself as a candidate for the representation of the Corangamite riding in the Shire Council of Colac, and his address to the ratepayers appears elsewhere. The portion of the riding in which he resides has been sadly neglected, and if a councillor were chosen from that locality there is little doubt but the requirements of the district would be better attended to. Colac town ship and the Warrion district have their representatives, so that it is only just and right that Pirron Yalloak and the forest country lying to the southl of it should have equal representation in the Council. Mr. Armstrong too is a thorough business gentle man, and is justly popular among all classes. So far no other candidate has yet announced himself. A very warm contest is expected for the Beeac Riding. Mr. Thomas, the retiring councillor, will be opposed by Mr. William Sherren, of Bushy Park, Birregurra, the latter gentleman having been requested to enter the field at the earnest solicitation of a very large number of the ratenayers.. A requisition to Mr. Sherren is now in course of signature, and will be presented to him to-morrow (Wednesday). In the meantine his friends have been exceedingly active, and having met with a great deal of en couragement, they feel that his success is assured. Mr. Sherren is a very oldtresi ilent in the district, and is thoroughly acquaiated Swith every part of the Shire. Be is helld in Sthe highest esteem by the entire commu nity, Sand it is certain he will poll well. With reference to the election for: the Corangamite Riding, Mr. Easton Johiistone desires us to state that he would pl:lce his :ervices at the disposal of the ratepa yers on the present occasion, but his time is. now so ully occupied that he would be unable to devote as much attention as he wiauld wish o the performance of his public (luties, and unleas he could properly attend to the wants and requirements of the Reding, he loes not think it desirable to become a can didate. A special meeting of the Colac and Bal- arat Railway League will be held on Thurs- day afternoon next, at 3 o'clock, in the old Shire office, for the purpose of appointing a competent person to assist the Government survey party in finding the best route for the forest railway. Mr. J. V. Bartlett, sur- veyor, has offered to supply the league with the requisite information and assistance for the sum of £25, and this proposal will come on for discussion at the meeting. It is most essential that the meeting should be a large and representative one, for unless the forest railway is obtained we are bound to lose a great deal of our timber trade, which during late years has assumed very large proportions. The Geelong people are doing their utmost to secure a forest line branching off at Pet- teval, and the local people must be fully alive to their own inrterests and spare no effort to carry the object they have in view to a suc- cessful issue. At a meeting of the Coal Company held on Friday afternoon, Mr. Williams, the manager of the diamond drill, stated that the indications at the present depth are re markably good. Mr. Palmer, the inspector of drills, was siao present at the Le'eting, and stited that the directors should not yet remove the drill, to another site, for in hi: opinion the ind'lcations obtained were en couraging. He said that he did not expect to hear of a good. payable seam of coal being found in Victoiria at a less depth than 2000 feet, and probably 4000 feet would have to be penetrated before a payable seam of coal would be obtained. Acting upon the opinion of the experts, the directors decided to continue boring operations at the same site for some time longer. . The ques tion of selecting the next site was referred to a meeting of shareholders, which is called bfr Friday afternoon next at three o'clock at the Union Club Hotel. The newly-elected Committee of the Free Library are still showing "good form" and working energetically to make the Library what it was a few years ago. A very large and well-selected stock of new books has come to hand, and will be ready for selection this week, and when one or two other periodicals are added we shall be no longer liable to the charge that the Library, like everything else in Colac, is behind the times. The County Court will sit at Colac on Tuesday, 21st August. The last day for issuing ordinary summonses is Thursday, 2nd August; last day for service, 9th August ; and last day for filing, 14th August. The telegraph office at Birregurra railway station is now open for the transaction of public business. The trustees of the Whorrell Cemetery met on Saturday last at the Naative Youth Hotel, Birregurra, when applications were receihed for the office of sexton. As the prices stated were not quite in accord with the trustees' idea, the Secretary (Mr. P. E. Cahill) was instructed to interview the ap. plicant and arrange with him. The Secre tary also informed the trustees that Mrs. Bickett had paid rent for the the Cemetery up to September, 1878, at the rate of £3 per year, and that the lessee was not nine years rent in arrears as reported. The rate of rent was also over-rated. The matter was left in the bands of the Secretary to receive the rent due, and enter into a fresh agree. ment with Mrs. Bickelt. Mr. Jones, stationmaster at Colac, wiil shortly be transferred to the Camperdown station. Nothiug is definitely known yet who will succeed Mr. Jones at Golae, but we have been informed that Mr. Carpenter, of Wincheleas, will most probably be our next stationugat"r, That portion of the Geelong to Warrnam- bool main road, situated between Colac and Pirron Yalloak, has now received its coating of maintenance metal, and although the quantity of metal available was nothing like sufficient for the road, which was in a very bare state, a fine job has been effected. Mr. Moroney, the Shire Engineer, had the whole of the work carried out by day labor, and instead of it being the expensive job it was in years past, it has cost considerably less, and the road was never in a more efficient state of repair. The metalled por- tion of the road has been so rounded as to throw off water immediately it falls upon it, and the side ways have been made to allow the water ready escape to the side drains. Another improvement noticeable is the ab- sence of mud and slush, the "blinding" previously put on the newly- metalled roads of this Shire being now, dispensed with. As soon as the metal is spread it is thoroughly rolled, not a stone being allowed to remain loose or out of its place. The hardness—the great desiderata in road- making—-and it is quite a pleasure to travel along it under the new order of things. The Board of Land and Works have issued a regulation that no person shall cut, remove, injure, damage, or in anyway inter- fere with the ferns at any time growing within or upon the Dangenong State forest or Victoria State forest under a penalty not exceeding £5 for the first offence. The Committee of the Birregurra District Ploughing Association met on Saturday last at Mr. Cahills Native Youth Hotel for the purpose of drawing up a programme for the forthcoming matches. The date vras altered from Thursday to Friday, 10tli August, through the Shire elections and tile Geelong races falling on the day originally fixed. A capital programme amounting to £50, in cluding a handsome silver cup presented by Messrs. J. H. Eller and J. H. Beall will be competed for. The match will conaist of four classes-the first for champion ploughmen; the second for residents of the Shires of Wiuchelsea and Colac; class 3 will be con fined to amateurs who have never won an advertised match; and class 4 will be re stricted to double-furrowed ploughs. The rules of the Barrabool Ploughiun; Associa tion, with slight alterations and amend ments, were adopted. Ploughing- will take place in one of Mr. George Armybage's pad. docks, convenient to Birregurra, Mr. Hayes, the manager of Ingleby staticn, having kindly granted permission. Mr. I. H. Prime occupied the chair. Full particulars of the contests will be found in ouir advertis ing columns. The agricultural reporter of the Leader gives in last week's issue a most interesting and complimentary notice of CoLa and its vicinity, remarking on the beauty of the situation of Colac and the character of the country surrounding it, and further, that many who are well calculated to judge are of opinion that it is not excelled by any place in the world for fertility and the picturesque nature of its surroundings. The Carter-cum.robbery- cum.insolvency case gets more and more mixed as its goes on, or drags along. The parties most con cerned don't seem quite sure as to the real name Carter's wife bore before her marriage, nor are they quite sure to whom, or how she is related ; but the Rev. Mr. Gilchrist, who married this precious couple, is quite sure that false declarations were made to him, and, as a consequence, false statements entered into the marriage register. Carter, his wife, and Hooper have all been arrested, and will, one may hope, have a good long time of retirement given to them to reflect on the past and try to do better in the future. The caretaker of the Shire offices, Samuel Duck, is in a very delicate state of health, and has been for some time past. He is now utterly unable to discharge his duties, and to-day he will be admitted to the Hos pital for medical treatment. Mr. J. H. Woods announces himself as a candidate for the Shire auditorship. In consequence of an unusual demand upon our advertising columns at a late hour last night, we defer till next issue a quantity of interesting localand general news. We lately referred to the death of one of the world's benefactors in the person of Lien tenant Waghorn, who gave his life, labor, and pecuniary means to the opening up of an overland route from India to England, whin the long and dreary passage round the Cape was the only one open to passengers. Most truly he might be called one of the world's pioneers, but he was in advance of his times, and found more opposition and ridicule than real sympathy or help, and as a consequence broken spirits and broken fortunes were his only reward. -A most interesting record of the life of this persevering and courageous man appeared in last Saturday's Age, which will well repay perusual. -It would appear that two aged sisters of his are now in Victoria, and, one. would think that a colony that pays pensions of £1000 a-year to men like Duffy and Childers, for what they have done, or rather not done for this"coun try, might well afford.£50 each per annum to the sisters of a man whose labors.have benefitted the whole world, and tended to urge civilisation or a fourth of a century. Mr. M·irams last week indulged in a vio. lent attack od, the, Berry-cum- Service ad. ministration in general, and on Mr..Gillies' new Railway Bill in particular, and adopted a " do-you-mean-to;insultius" 'ort of air that was most affecting. He affirmed that the care taken to prevent the interference of members in the exercise of patronage waslan attack on the " honor" of honorable mem bers '* not to be put up with at no price." Mr. Mirams's attack has been regarded by thoughtless and heartless souls as the " Wail of one left out in the cold," and it is feared that, unless a Ministerial billet be found him, the weeps that will attack him will make a handkerchief as constantlyneces. sary in the one hand as an umbrella now is in the other. The Waterloo Cup, which was finished on Friday last, was won by Rodanthe, Shrewd Girl being the runner-up. In the Waterloo Plate Gas won, the runner-up being Proser pine. Sam won the Waterloo Plate, Mr. R. Chirnside's Werribee Shadow being the runner-up. A cablegram from London, dated 19th July, states that Sir F. Dillon Bell, the Agent-General, who was deputed by the Agents-General of the Australian colonies to draw up a memorandum embodying theli views on the subject of the annex-rtion of the New Hebrides ly the Imlprial Iut.hn. rities, has completed his task. Tie memo randum, which is intruded for preseintation to Lord Derby, the Secretary of State for the Colonies, was submitted to the other Agents.General for signature, all of whom, with the exception of Sir A. Blyth, the repre. sentative of South Australia, signed the document. Sir Arther Blyth refused to en dorso the memorandum on tie ground that it did not adequately repreeant the views of j his Government on the subject, The Indian corndoctor, Wit have relieved the toes of his tr ,' ood deal of pain, but judgin patr n of evelations in the Insolvent Cofrot t Inlvent Court if, he any virtue in the law, his aredt, i tread on his toes pretty smartly befo lave done with him. At a lat hfre ti ,f his wife, the lady showed whinati 'help meet " or "help meate" 0 0 e :ometimes be, and bothered ife, counsel to get the truth out of h ea m iuuch as any male that ever a ppe court, so much so that ju lge bar" ear?i audience were driven to the concsio a' husband and wife were a "realni e' th The engineer-in.chief and other pir the Railway Department are eng einr' preparation of a report in refeeneo itl construction of light and surface lit tramways in .Gippsland and <'thleri tainous districts as feeders to the main j The matter (says the Dally Tkc ralin require serious consideration ,, 1 v lines would be of a narrower ", as the l existing railways, and this w?' d ge th the provision of separate sets of roll ingc for each line, none of which could beoti, on the nain lines. tiil * The Grand National SteePllechase' of the Victoria Racing Club we bPld Flemingtin on Saturday afternn most favorable conditions, the weather fine and the.course in excellent order . attendance was large, and general regret expressed that the occurrence of a fata dent in the principal event of the day ito have marred the otherwise enjoyable gramme. The first event o the card Maiden Hurdle Race, was wan by' Joker, with Belle Brandon secnd, and favorite, Ontarie, third. In tbe Mnaid Steeplechase Shamrock wa, succetsul culaior being second, and Hope third ' Grand National Hurdle Race fell to the weW:ght, Dizzy, Rhesus finishing eli B - i -k third; Prospect, the fanorite' no.ic-re. The Grand National Speeple was, after a very eventful race, Blackthorn, Sailor being second and i, Jacket third; Australian Court, as ell several others, coming to grief over the tra at the hack of the course. The qe Hurdle Race was won by Sunlight ht his rider was short of weight the race awaided to Wild Harry, who finished e The Handicap Flat Race, which wonend the proceedings, was won hy Virago Bo Bee being secon. and The Ghost third accident above referred to resulted ia death of Archie M'Innis who was ar Chrysalis. A sum of over £100 wan collec on the course for his widowed mother. The stationaieaster at South Yarra is o thing of a geologist (writes the ler~i last night). Having a taste for scieti research he took advantage of the excavati which are now being proceeded with by t Railway department between the Hawth and South Yarra stations. He examined small reef tending eastward and discor embedded amongst the rocks petrified shells. He has collected curious 10ts conchological specimens, which ought to of great value to the geologists, who mi tain from the vestiges found in the differ strata of rocks on the Australian contin that this continent many ages or mIao was covered by the ocean. It is remala iudeen 'that sea shells should be for amongst rocks 20 or 30 feet below the face a listance of one and a half miles ir the sea, unless it is assumed that et Soutlh Yarra now stands, and at a ar lower level, the sea was for millions of ye agb rolling its waves. Mr. W. Madden, member for the Wi mera, has given notice to ask the Come sioner of Crown lands if his attention been called to the fact that it is proposed inoculate rabbits on one of the rutD in N, South Wales 'with tuberculosis; and it will protest, on behalf of this colony. agi: the carrying out of such a horrible a dangerous proposal. The Standard this morning has an arti upon the attitude of the London moa market towards the colonies. It expre the opinion that, notwithstanding the nce which has attended the recent loans various colonies, English capitalists are I prepared to invest much more money colonial securities, and the horrowing pow of the colonies have, for the present, react their limit, so far as the London market concerned. 