Agricultural Operations. I There is no doubt that dry tillage is the best if it can be carried on, especially on clay and strong loamy soils. It must be a great advantage to be able to spare sufficient horse-power to plough the stubbles as soon as the paddocks are clear ; in fact, so much do the States' farmers value early and dry tillage that they will stook the sheaves in one continuous row on every sixth or eigntn " land," according to the bulk of crop, and plough between these rows before the carting takes place. They consider that the result of the following harvest very often depends upon the early tillage. No doubt tHe great, ana pernaps cue mosc important, eneci is me increased aeration and the subdivision of the component parts of the soil by the mechanical and atmospheric influences ; but whatever the explanation may be, the faot, upon almost every kind of soil, is unquestionable, and any means of cheapening and rendering more effective a thorough summer tillage most desirable. And this summer tillage can be carried on cheaply in the present day, not so expensively as was the cash a few years since, when the single-furrow plough was the only implement at command and the operation was, comparatively expen sive, for lately the double and gang ploughs have been introduced, and still more recently the Americans have brought to their agricultural assistance the smooth- edged disc- cultivator, and that again is improved upon by the Victorian tooth-disced cultivator. These last-named implements have, in reality, reduced the cost of tilling the land, either in summer or winter, from 14s. to 3s., or at most 4s., per acre. The common practice to plough late— to plough, in fact, when sowing ought to be going on — is too prevalent in the colonies. As we have often written, the ngajority of our farmers plunge into their new profession without either practical knowledge or sufficient capital. They live from hand to mouth. They plough, sow, and harvest, and are obliged to thrash and cart to market I to provide means for paying past expenses. I This drives them to consume two or three of J the most important months of the year. I Their horses are on the road instead of on I the 'land. Thus they are prevented from | taking advantage of all the recent improve- I ments which, in tilling land, have been foupd I to work so well. As a rule, late ploughing I produces inferior crops of every kind, unlesg I they are forced by extra manure and through I the strength of the land, and this is seldom I the case in the colonies. Wet ploughing not I only consolidates the land, but encourages I the growth of weeds. We have seen silver I grass up in a week after wet ploughing, and> ' I as the majority of the paddocks are not | drained, it is astonishing what progress weeds I make before the land will bear the harrow, or I be fit to sow. The Romans — fine old farmers, I and who excelled in agriculture — were ex- I ceedingly particular in having their land I ploughed dry. We often wonder what they I would have thought to have had gang-ploughs I and tooth-dike cultivators suddenly dropped I down on their land. The faot is, just in I I proportion as we advance agricultural > I science or knowledge, so will we be attentive ' I to the state of the land in ploughing. It is 1 the good ploughing at the right time , other tilings neing equal, snac ensures tne gooa crop. We may go back to old Pliny, the Roman agricultural writer, for real instructive information. Qe aesigns plentiful crops in his days to good plonghing. " What," says he, " was the cause of this plentifulness ? Was it because in those times the lands were cultivated by the hands even of generals ? The earth, as it is natural to suppose, delighted to be ploughed with a share adorned with laurels, or by a ploughman who had been honoured with irimTphs. Or was it because these men ploughed their fields with the same- diligence | that they pitched their camps, and secured | their Corn with the same care that\ they formed their armies for b'attle ?" No matter how well ploughing is done with skilful habds and good horses, no matter that the plough (either single, double, or gang) is according I to the best plan, yet, if the land be wet, thS0 I whole is ba$ work, and will not payk I Early ploughing m the colonies generally) I ensures the land to /be dry, and therefore the I advantage. Wo have known many a crop from I a paddock of rich land lost to the oocupier in I consequence of wet ploughing. Late summer I ploughing banishes weeds, whiob is another great advantage to the farmer. The greatest I foe to agriculture is weeds ; they not only I choke the crop, but they absorb the nutriment I designed for its production, and no matter what species of crop it may be, its greatest foe is that which grows beside it in shape of weeds. As we have time after time written, in all our cultivation we should aim at the destruction of weeds, and whatever tends to their extirpation is good husbandry. That they are most difficult to kill, everyone knows. Many of our readers will call to mind the opinion of a good old Scotchman, who wa a better man than a farmer ; it was : — " Sin and the de'il ye may o'ercome, but weeds ye canna." It is no doubt a pity to see so many crops destroyed by these enemies of agriculture, and to know that they are leaving the occupants of the soil penniless. Those farmers who purpose stacking their grain for a few months, and wisely attend to the ploughing instead of thrashing, should protect it in some way or other from running fires. A few days similar to those scorching hot ones of last week will make every paddock as dangerous as gunpowder. A wide band might be turned up round every stack, and, if it be continued round the buildings and entire homestead, so much the better. This need not be wasted labour, for rape, turnips, rye, and a dozen other seeds may be sown, and the yield utilised as green food. Every homestead ought to be protected by a perennial green crop, such as a broad strip of lucerne, buffalo grass, or even Couch. The silver grass and " five-finger" will burn in a brisk wind almost as fast as a horse can gallop, and a homestead has not the ghost of a chance should a fire break out to the wind ward of it. Already have we had reports of fires, and after such a strong growth of grass a few warm weeks will prepare the paddocks for a general blaze. We may have a suc cession of dry weeks, and considering the nature and mass of material consumable, extra care ought to be taken to prevent bush fires not only spreading, but being established. Stockowners ought to plough a few furrows round their paddocks, especially along the boundary line ; and if the adjoining occupier would do the same, not only the grass would be saved, but the fences. A man and a pair of horses can go and finish off a good many miles in a week, and it appears to us great carelessness, to use the mildest term, not to establish these safety lines, either on a farm or station. It would lessen the danger on a run if the owner wonld run his sheep and eat off the grass close to his boundary fence. In the old days, when the sheep ran in flocks in charge of a shepherd, this plan could easily be adopted ; but it is more difficult to do so now that sheep are paddocked. Every season the waste and destruction of farm and station property through fire takes place more or less, and is always to be deplored ; in too many instances evil-disposed rascals are the causes, bat a far greater number are caused solely through downright carelessness and neglect in not exercising common prudence. If farmers would exercise more care in protect ing their property, we imagine the insurance companies wonld .not raise such objections or charge snch high premiums to assure such \ risky property as barns and stacks. In : England over £150,000,000 worth of agricul- z tural property is secured among the numerous offices established for the purpose, and although there is perhaps more risk here, the rates could be higher, and - the very fact of premises and stacks being known to be insured would decrease the danger of their being fired by thoBe revengeful ruffians of whom we have too many. No class of men are so slightly protected by insurance as our farmers, and although rather late in the season, a few spirited agricultural capitalists oonld, if so inclined, very quickly float a company. Where the shares are well dis tributed among the farmers of a district, every holder would naturally take a warm interest in the prosperity of the new associa tion, and also an increased interest in the welfare of their neighbours. FireB are never so numerous in districts where property is well oovered with insurance, and where all are self-constituted watchers, the danger of losing a life's savings is much decreased. The value of the produce of an acre of grain ought to be sufficient to effect the insurance of that of a hundred acres. According to present prospects, Victorian hop-growers are goiDg to have a good time of it. The greater part of this season's crop is alxeadyat a tremendous price, viz., from 3s. to 48. per lb. Not a bale is to be purchased in England, and it is reported that two buyers are already in this market from Europe in hopes of picking up a few hundred pockets. It seems almost a puzzle the way to get the picking done., The Bairnsdale growers had some difficulty in finding hands for this work last year, when they had but 200 acres to go over. This year double this area is to be picked. The grower who finds the mbst comfortable quarters for his. labour will be sure to be the best served. a&A; gentleman who has taken up land on (tife Herbert, Northern Territory, has started \wifch 15,000 ewes and 400 rams to stock his (runs. He hopes within three years to have ¥.00,000 sheep there. 