WE flatter ourselves continually as to the progress we have made and are making as a colony, and we say in effect, if not in words, that there are none like unto us—we eveu say that " we are the people and wisdom will die with us." Self-esteem is a laudable quality within limitations, and there is no doubt whatever that the people of this colony have accomplished much that gives them good reason to " blow" a little. But there is too much " blow," and not enough to blow about, and it strikes us forcibly that the policy assumed on the railway question by the Adelaide press, and more especially by the Register, is calculated, if put into force, to give the Adelaide people, at all events, plenty of cause for " blowing." It appears to be, and indeed long has been, the leading passion of the public men of the metropolis to endeavor at all hazards to concentrate in Adelaide the wealth and power of South Australia. The policy of centralisation is one upon which men of all varying shides of opinion in the chief city of the colony seem to be agreed, and this policy finds unremitting and Ioudtongued advocates amongst the pressmen of the capital and neighboring districts. The Raster is usuallv the paper in which most constantly the interests of districts beyond the metropolis and its environs are either ignored or depreciated, and no better example of this is to be found than the tone that journal has adopted in re ference to the extension of railways in the North and North-West. Its arguments are all for Adelaide and Adelaide interests. Wherever the railways are to run, through whatever kind of country they are to pass, let them all, is the prayer and plaint of the Roister, oh! let them all centre in Adelaide! Let our chief city be the point to which shall come all the trade, traffic and wealth of the land, and, in return, we blest inhabitants of Adelaide will graciously diffuse culture and refinement amongsttheoutlying peoples, and will make laws that will certainly secure their happiness, as those laws will make all other interests the same as Adelaide interests. Yes, that is about the style in which the Roister talks; that is the meaning to be gleaned when we strip the husk of verbiage from the small kernel of its leading articles. So it may be seen that if the centralisation policy of building our railways, which the Register upholds, is carried out fully, the Adelaide people will have a good deal to "blow" about Their city will rival Melbourne, nay, even outstrip it in the race for mere wealth and importance. Now, let us here distinctly say that we should look upon it in the light of a national calamity if our metropolis should ever reach such a condition as that its inhabitants in numbers should have either too great or too small a proportion to the population of the colony. It is in danger of becoming overgrown at the present time, and the policy of centralisation only tends to intensify the plethora of people in our chief city. And such a condition of things is fraught with grievous peril to the political, social, and commercial morality and general progress of the whole colony, and it is a condition of matters to avert which it is every true citizen's duty to do his utmost. We must never cease our efforts to break the back of the centralisation fiend—yes, "fiend"—for it is nothing less than selfishly and grievously fiendish to endeavor to concentrate the trade and commerce of South Australia in the city of Adelaide. Our readers are quite familiar with the opinions of the Register on the extension of the line of railway from Hergott Springs, and need not be surprised to learn that that journal states that "from Adelaide there should be a broad-gauge line forming the Transcontinental Railway, and terminating at Port Darwin," and further states, in a would-be benevolent style, that " from Port Augusta there should be a narrow gauge track connecting Spencer's Gulf with Queensland, and its narrow-gauge system of railways." Yes, of course, Adelaide wants a broad-gauge line right through the continent, and would graciously give us a line to the- Queensland border, while the splendid country to the north-west of Port Augusta is left in its present state for years untold. We don't want to steal our neighbor's trade until we have tried to develope our cwn country ; and the Register may regard it as an absolute certainty that, whatever may be the result of the present railway policy, the people of Port Augusta are bound to have their railway taken north-west. The jealousy of Adelaide in reference to Port Augusta is well-known, and the opinions of the Register respecting the railway we want are obvious enough; but we mean to have what we want, and we will get it, though " the time may not be yet." The continued efforts of the various coast ports of Queensland, on behalf of their local interests versus Brisbane interests, bare resulted in completelyand for ever weakening the centralisation policy which formerly was vigorously pursued ; and it will not be many years ere the last vestige of the fiend of centralisation will have been swept away from Queensland, and the interests of Brisbane will receive no more than their fair share of consideration. It is our desire to war against the policy of centralisation in South Australia so far as Adelaide is concerned, and we want to see each and all places receiving their due amount of attention from the Government. In point of rapidity of comparative progressive development Queensland has beaten us, and her people have a good deal to "blow" about when they look back on their record, and we want to do what we can towards securing for the colony in general, and for this district in particular, such attention at the hands of Government as shall leave no cause for grumbling and jealousy. Then, if in the long run our efforts and others of like kind be successful, though Adelaide may not hasten with such strides as she is now making, to overtake Melbourne and Sydney in the race for mere size and wealth, the colony as a whole will more surely progress, and each district and port get its fair share of attention. Then, though Adelaide may not " blow" its own penny whistle with so shrill and earpiercing a tone, the trumpet of the whole nation will give forth a rich and musical volume of sound, which shall reach ears as yet deaf to the whistle blown by the Register in the interests of Adelaide. WE take the following from the Register of Wednesday, it being the text of the petition signed by 179 residents of Port Augusta, and referring to the survey of a broad-gauge line of railway from this Port in a north-north-westerly direction. It was presented to the House of Assembly on Tuesday last by Mr. Coglin, and is as follows :— 1\. We believe that tbe time has come when it is desirable in the best interests of the whole colony that a railway should be constructed on the broad-gauge principle, starting from Port Augusta and bearing thence in a north-north-westerly direction. 2. Such a route would be in direct line to Port Darwin in tbe Northern Territory, and would pass through a level country whioh would present no engineering difficulties. 3. The present want of carriage facilities is operating as a serious obstacle to the opening up of the pastoral country through which the proposed line would pass. The prices which have to be paid to teamsters to bring wool down or trade stores up to stations more than 150 miles from Port Augusta, are prohibitive, even when procurable, that the Talue of this North-West country can never materially increase until carriage by rail is available to the settlers in these districts. 4. Your petitioners are informed and believe that in the year 18S2 QiiO toDs of stores were sent from Port Augusta to stations in the North-West, and 570 tons of wool sent from them into Port Augusta, which at the low average of £6 per ton paid for carriage gives a total cost of £9,180. It is no uncommon occurrence for wool to remain six and sometimes twelve monthe on a station for want of carrying facilities to bring it down. Your petitioners would like to direct the attention of the House to the manner in which the opportunity afforded by the present line to F arina for the bringing of cattle down from the interior to Adelaide is being availed of, and the consequent impetus which has been given to cattle breeding and squatting pursuits generally in Queensland and tlio North-East by the opening of tbat line, which as at present managed is not able to keep pace with the requirements of the consignors of cattle, wbile they are convinced that a very much larger trade must arise on the country being further settled through the medium of tho railway. 6\. Your petitioners believe that the construction of a North-Western railway would be attended by equally beneficial results in this respect. 7. Yorr petitioners also believe that that the present line from Port Augusta to Hergot Springs, being formed on tho narrow-gauge principle, IB not adapted for a continuation across tbe continent, as the carrying powera of such a line will be'inadequate to accommodate the traffic that will pass over it. 8\. Your petitioners further believe tbat the line which it is proposed to make from Hergott Springs to Strangway Springs, though some 140 miles in length, will only, on completion, bring the terminus a few miles further north than Hergott Springs, wbile the amount and character of country to be developed by it is comparatively unimportant. They are of opinion, therefore, tliat the colony should not be put to the expense of constructing such a line seeing tbat tbe alternative one which they propose would open up entirely freBh country while advancing direct to Port Darwin, and the necessity for any euch expenrive deviation as the abuve-msntioned would be obviated. 9\. That whereas at the present time South Australia is deriving much of her meat supply from the other colonics at an annual cost of £400,000, thus tending to develope them at our expense, the whole benefit of the line would belong to the people of South Australia, the above-mentioned 6ums being sufficient to pay the cost of construction of tho proposed line to Phillip's Ponds : And further that the country tapped by such line would soon be sufficiently developed to furnish the meat supply for the colony which is now being imported, and thereby increase the val ie of our country to a great extent. 10\. Yoar petitioners would further point out that the construction of the proposed North-West line would mean a saving of over 100 miles land carriage, the distance from Port Augusta to Strangwaye Springs by the proposed North-Western route being about 250 miles, while via Farina and Hergott it is over 350. 11. In view of all these facts your petitioners humbly pray that a survey for a broad-gauge railway may be made in the indicated North Western direction before the country is committed to the extension of the present narrow-gauge line westwards from Hergott Springs. In the adjourned debate on the second reading of the Primrose Springs Railway Bill, the Hon. }. Coltm, in the course of his remarks, said :—" In relerence to the petition that had been presented that day from the people of Port Augusta, he thought it would be foolish in the extreme to have two lines running parallel. No Parliament could possibly sanction anything of the kind, and he felt that the people of Port Augusta were wasting their time to no purpose." We hardly think that the Hon. Mr. Colton can have read the petition of the Port Augusta people, or he would not have fallen into the error of supposing that we want two parallel lines of railway running through the northern districts. The petition is plain in diction and unmistakeable in meaning, and every man of common 6ense can easily see that it is not so much the greatest good to the greatest number that actuates the opponents of our proposed railway, as the desire to bring all the grist to the mills of the Adelaide people. We are convinced if a railway is constructed north-west from Port Augusta and through the country, and on the principles advocated in the petition given above, that no amount of jealous opposition on the part of the southern districts can prevent this Port from becoming one of the great centres of Australian trade and commerce. In a leader in its issue of Wednesday the Register, referring to the Transcontinental line and the Northern Territory, says that the opponents of the line to Primrose Springs (which the Register considers must be part of the Transcontinental line) are of three classes. " First, those who are affected with a sort of financial hypochondria, and are constantly crying out that borrowing, whether for reproductive or unprofitable works, is the road to ruin; secondly, those whose vision is so limited that they cannot see beyond their own districts and the immediate interests of their own constituents; and thirdly, one or two who object to the principle on which the railway is lo be built, and whowould rather $iave no line at all than'' one constructed on a wrong plan." 'This is evidently in tended to be taken as a delicately veiled hint to Mr. Coglin and his con stituents, but the Register seems to forget that it is a poor rule which won't work both ways, and that their opposition to our proposed north- west line is accounted for on exactly the same grounds as those which they assign to our opposition of the Primrose Springs line. That is so evident that it goes without saying, as the French express it. We feel, however, that renewed and continued effort and agitation by the people of tin's Port and district is necessary to keep the matter fresh in the legislative mind, so that Government will be compelled to hearken to us, and eventually give us justice. As a late Imperial states man, in referring to a similar case, once said, " Agitate, agitate, agitate, if you would succeed," so we say to the public if you want your railway you must agitate till you get it. The proverbial uncertainty of the weather received additional confirmation on Tuesday morning. Tbe atmosphere in the earlier part of the day was cold to an uncomfortable degree, and overcoats and umbrellas were flying about in every direction. Later 011 the sky seemed threatening and ovefcast, and tlie rain soon came. The downpour increased all through the evening, and walking in the streets was somewhat unpleasant. The channels ran high, and people generally went to see the Salvation Array, as their barracks was, indeed, a very welcomo retreat on Buch a piercing evening. A few nights since the occupants of a certain house in Port Augusta were aroused from their slumbers by the screaming of a horrified citizen, clad only in a doublet, and a shawl round his loins. It appears tbat the gentleman in question believes in the existence of ghosts, although it has been asserted that these imaginary personages have not as yet come across the water from the old country. But at all events the "believer in strange things" changed greatly of late, and a most remarkable reformation in bis usual customs was noticeable. All sorts of rumours got about with regard to the cause of the melancholy feeling which bad taken possession of him, but at last he confessed to an intimate friend that be had seen a " ghost in women's clothing/' No notice was taken of his statement, but the other night he suddenly sprang out of bed, seized a rifle, and made for some white image in the room. The individual in white (the ghost), escaped being in hot water for some time, as it was wore than probable that he would have leceived a bayonet wound To tbat lost retreat of " the glorious"—bed—he was requested to retire, and after much coaxing consented. And next morning the ghost-hater found that be had nearly killed oue of his companions. On Wednesday evening an inebriated individual meandered into tbe enclosure adjoining the Court-house, and made for the entrance door, a few constables at his heels. He, however, succeeded in effecting an entrance, and after gazing on tbe learned Judge, who happened to be addressing the jury at the time, the merry one shouted at tbe top of hie voice, " Leave the case to the consideration of the jury." It was surmised that the beery individual would be committed for contempt of Court, but he was quickly Jed away by a powerful constable, and we are not in a position to eay what followed. Tbe following is the Hospital report for he week ending 26th July :—Admitted hrough the week, 3; discharged, 3; told umber ia hospital, 30. At the Poiicu Court on Friday lasl. John Neviss was fined 5s. for beiug drunk, and 10s. for using indecent language. Mr. C. H. Gooch was the presiding magistrate. A young lad named Barry, living al Swiuden Town, was climbing a gum tree on Thursda3*. and after he had attained the height of twenty feet lost his hold an l fell to the ground, breaking one of hie legs. The unfortunate youth was conveyed to the hospital on Eriday. In our obituary columns will be seen the notice of the death of Mrs. Brand, senr. Mrs. Brand was the mother of Mr. George Brand who was for over five years the landlord of the Northern Hotel, Port Augusta. At a meeting of the Band of Hope Lodge of Port Augusta, Tent No. 37, held in the Bible Christian Church, on tho 10th, the following resolution was passed unani mously :—"That in the opiuion of this Tent the laws require to be amended for the better protection of young females." There was a large attendance, and the members were unanimous in supporting the aims and objects of the Social Purity Society. It was the intention of the Crown to proceed against Frank Booth on various charges connected with horse-6tealing, but when the verdict of " guilty" was returned in the first case the Crown Prosecutor abandoned his intention in this respect. Some montliB ago it will be remembered that what would have been a most disastrous explosion on tho Northern railway lino but for the heroism of the railway guard, Magnus Cheyno, and others, was prevented, or rather rendered of no serious effect by the effort of the individuals referred to, who boldly uncoupled the truek and pushed it away to a place of safety. A subscription was started in this town, augmented by a promised Government subsidy, and vrc understand a presentation is to be made to the men to-day (Saturday) at I o'clock, at the Council chamber. The Circuit Court was engaged on Tuesday in the trial of Frank Booth for horse stealing. There are some peculiar features in connection with this case. Firstly, a man named Rowe, who appears to have been mixed up with the alleged robbers, has been put into the box as an informer on behalf of the Crown. Some people 6ay this is encouraging repentant thieves and penitent Magdalens to make a heaven instead'of a hell of this earth, but it is a difficult question to solve. There are persons who would enquire whether it wae not demoralizing. But we don't express any opinion on the point. Secondly, a mere youth has ackuowledged in the witness box that he assisted Rowe the informer in stealing an immense number of horses in the north. After he had given his evidence he was cautioned by His Honor Judge Boucaut in Btrong language, and the youth promised to " avoid evil doings" in the future. On Monday Robert McOid was tried for cattle Btealing, and acquitted, at 9 30 p.m. Mr.Kingston with Air. Mellor appeared for the defence in both cases. 