THE UNIVERSALITY OF HUMAN TRIAL. ' A SESSION BY THE VERY REV. DR. CHURCH. "_J,Tn all points temptel like ns we are, yet without sin." ~ HEBREWS iv., 15. ' Yes, even in that awful omlition of man's nature which wo call temptation, He, the Ho3ipat, cho^o to -have His part. It was noc enop^h that Ho would be Jborn as we are born-that He would live as we live, and speak oar wordd and think with our thoughts, and love with our affections,-that Ho would suffer as wo suffer, and die as wo die. This waa not enough. To be pei feet man Ho nood not sin, but Ho must be templed, and Ho waa "tempted like aa we aro, yet without sin ¡" for the fîedcemer and the Pattern of the human race must fulfil to the uttermost the law of its condition. Ho must in all things which were outsidu of that very inmost self, that personality , which choosea and wills, and over whioh in Him no taint or infirmity of evil could pasa-in all other things, Ho must bear tho burdens and know the tr'als ot being a man. Ho must be like unto His brethren if Ho was indeed tobo their brother ; and Ho would bo like them that they might bo sure of that which was absolutely essential for them to know,-that they ? might bo sure of the sympathy and answering mind of Him in whom thoy were to tiu^t for everything in that interval of waiting durini? whieh they were not to see His faca-that interval of waiting and preparation which we call our life. Ho drew near to them in everything that was morally possible. By the necessity of absolute goodness, of immaculate and perfeot holiness, incapable-for if Ho wore not, the very nature of the Godhead would be annihilated, incapable of a ehado of evil, He could not share their sin. But as Ho shared and boro the consequences, the punishment, of their sin, He would also share that ^which makes them to sin. To be able to fcuccour them that aro tempted, Ho Himiaelf would suffor being tenanted. To this condition of our existence here-this law, < as universal aud as certain as death itself, that every living soul must pass through trial, must moet that > whioh is involved in trial, temptation-the time and , ,the season invito our thoughts. Lest we should faint 0and be discouraged, our Master and Lord went through temptation. That we might be convinced that it is God's appointed path to perfection, Ho was " proved and triod : that we might conquer in it, Ho * endured and overcame. Lot us fix our thoughts upon V,this universal law of our present state, and thon lot us oonsider how wo ought to behave in regard of it. r The soul of man, in this passago through the yoars i, of time which is tlio preface, the antechamber, the jBohool, the exercÍ3e-ground, of an eternal existence, has to go through temptation. I am not going to ask Hyb-y this law was imposed on human life. Till we know, not. one httlo fragment, and that imporfectly, t of' the vast plan of God's government, but know the ?".whole of it, none but those whoso thoughts aro too f'Bhallow to know their own ignorance will imagine it L possible to give the answer. We may as well inquire ?ywhy God mado the worlds, and ma do them as Ho has ("made them,-why He called this or that person, you j and me, into being,-why at this particular ago of tie world, and not at another,-why undor thone pre Bènt circumstances, and not in others. These things J; Are beyond our reach. Wo have to do with what wo *lJkhow our life and condition to bo ; and from the very r- first dawn of human history, from tho vory 0 first beginnings of each individual life, man is ever on his trial, tempted to do wrong »fand rosisting,-tomptod lo do wrong and falling. »-.Jüan comes into life fitted and equipped to meet his "trial, to moet temptation, as he comes fitted and f Quipped to provide for his bodily wants, to subdue he earth, lo live in society, to develop and improve * *thö marvellous endowmenta of his nature. The sonl * comes with reason, with conscience, wita knowledge, **with will, with grace; and as the day goes o on the question is over presenting itself, ' how shall it use that great gift of will? ,*vWhat will it chooso of the things before it ? »jJEtow will it decide botwoon what it ought to do and v what it would bo pleasant to do ? How will it /^decide belwoon tho present moment and. the unseen, ^distant, inevitable future ? And what is all human "life but this,-man having, in his freedom, to ^ choose, lo choose under all kinds of -circumstances, all kinds of feelings, tho stress "and force of all kind of motives,-having to tichoose, and, chooßing the wright thing or the wrong, . going straight onwards or turning asido, giving proof \- of what is in him- of tho inmost bias and inclination " of his character, of tho use ho would make of his *, freedom, of the strength and mastery over himsolf by ' which ho can mako his higher self govern his lower *- coif,-by which he can make his weaker and baser .rW iehes yield to his nobler willP *' The begmiiing of the history of the first man, tho ^'prelude and figure of what was to follow, was tho i history of a trial, a temptation, a defeat. The . first scene in the history of the Becond man ('was a temptation, a victory, the typo and <; firstfruit of what man might hope for. Tho _ ¿Bible opens with man ensnared and vanquished : it *~ closes with tho great sevenfold promise to him A5_hat ovci comclh, -and with the vision of the glory of 'those who overcame. And what is all that is written * between the first pago of it and the last but tho continued record of how, to mon and to nations, there wearne tho day of opportunity, the day of visitation, T tihe day of proof, and how that day was mot, and «.how they boro themselves in it, and what were its * i issues ? * What famous name in the Bible does not bring with it the associated thought of characteristic »trial-Abraham, Ebau, Jacob, Joseph, Moses, Job, ^Saul, David, Solomon, Jeroboam, Daniel, Peter, Judas, Pani ? And for what does each nation como ^ "before us in its pages- Egypt, Israel in tho wildcr »¿oieös, Israel in Canaan, Israel in its kingdom, Israol *- an captivity, Israel rostorcd ? For what aro those i-gtfeat names familar to us of mighty oitios in which . .were ooncontratcd the power and renown of empires, -or tho fortunes of the world-Nineveh, Babvlon, ' ^Jerusalem, Rome-but bocauso in them we seo, on the ¿'one hand, God's call, God'n purpose, God's mission, '"God's gift to men-on the other the uso which mon "have made of thom, tho ovonts, overwhelming in their * scale, of nations having answered to their trial-or ^failed in it j their growth, thoir decay, their rejootion, í'vthéir downfall. . . -» - > j^'-What wo soo in tho great.livcs.in the Bible finds plaoo in tho'moBÍ; common place of our modern lives. I He was in " all points tempted like as wo are," We may tnrn the words round and say with reverence that, like as Ile was tempted, BO are we, even the humblest among us, tempted, tried, according to the j measure of what we can bear, but as truly, and with ' all dependlngupon the issue. And this, my brethren, ' we have to karn, to take in the truth of it, and the I bearing of it on our thoughts about ourselves. Some j.forma of trial round U3 we have no difficulty in un | de>r-tanding ; but that we ourselves are being tued, really put to the proof, rtaliy made toahow what is in U3, and what we are in very earnest, iust as wo tea and read y£ others being tried-that we aro really tried, J and sometimes to our deep shame and bitter loss, this we do not find commonly eo easy to understand. We look on safe, as we think ourselves, with horror, Vith amazement, perhaps with sympathy, on the great and strange temptations going on all roun I us ; and well, indeed, we may. Beings, born in sin, nursed in sin, from the very first dawn of reason familiar more familiar than with our daily bread-familiar with evil which to ua is a pollution to think of, cut off from all good, not even allowed what ve call a chance in life, have yet boen sent forth on their voyage in lite by the Almighty and the All-merciful. Ho has His purpose in them, which they might answer to. They a-o on their trial. But what a fate that were if it had been ours I Again. That ßtiange combination of sickness and mipchance in- vading a whole iumily, striking down one, crippling another, sweeping off one after another the strongest and tho most healthful, barring one after another tho openings of earthly hope, clouding all things with death and pain,-perhaps with shame-there is trial indeed ! It is sorrow and anguish even to think of it. And at the other extreme we can ace the trial of the too fortunate. What a temptation it must be to have grown up with all things at our command, with nothing to remind us of duty or want or self-denial, taught to think that our will must be right, trifling away our time and indulging our caprice without in- convenience or warning, knowing contradiction only to ovarride it! There are thoBO who havo to go through suoh a life on their path to the grave and the eternal world. It ia not hard to soo how they aro tried. But aro wo, too, really, soriously, on our trial-on our trial wit*i tremendous issueB depending on it-on our trial as truly as people we read of, or perhaps actually see visibly going through the crisis which tests and proveB what they aro ? Does temptation in this solemn eventful shape really come near us too P In that quiet prosaic round of business and domestic life-in that silent unperceived growth in our I characters of habits and motives and tastes and judgments,-is it really so that that mighty heroic work is going on of the choice between good and evil, duty and dosire, the things of time and the things eternal, the grace of God and the passions of the flesh, resistance to temptation or compliance with it, whioh makes the glorious history of the Baint, or the un- utterable pathetio tragedy of the castaway ? Tempted like as He was,-can that indeed be true of us ? Ah, it must be true, for every man has to show, sooner or later, what he will do with his , conscience, with his freedom, with his lite,-what is the roal rule which governs him-what is the Buprome end which controls all others. You feel, you say, as if you had no concern in what we gravely call f temptation. You see on one side temptations yielded l to with such inconceivable weaknoss and folly that you oanuot evon understand them. You seo on the other temptations so monstrous and revolting that you simply shudder at them ; yon pass on ; you havo nothing to «lo with them. On you they have no hold, and if that were all you might walk through life and not think of temptations. Lot us leave thom, only romomboringin our intercessions those to whom they aro temptations, and all tho misery with which they fill tho world. It may bo you havo been kindly nurtured, carefully brought up ; you havo never known want and the mean thoughts which want can bring with it. Or, if you havo beon pinched and straightened, you havo been taught;-(you have seen examples)-to bear up bravely, to work cheerfully. You havo been guarded within the fence of home ; tho Bights and words of evil havo boen kept from you ; you have been taught to honour, perhaps to know, what ia good and excel- lent and holy in friends, in principles, in doods ; and with all these chances for you, all these blessings of God's eternal providence, can you suppose that you aro not upon your trial ? What aro the tempers which, day by day, you show after all these advantagos? Cannot people with all I this yot be, in their daily life, selfish, ill- natured, peevish, too fond of money, unjust, untrue, unkind ? Are yon safe from continual, habitual, indulged worldliness, bad temper, evil spoaking, censorious ness? You havo been kopt, perhaps, Isaid, from the words and the sights of sin, unless, repeating the history of the firat temptation in paradise, your curiosity has led you to search into and to learn evil which you need not have known, which it was better for you not to know. But have we now, therefore, nothing to beware of, nothing to fight against,-nono çf those canker-worms whioh eat into character, and lay waste tho beauty and the nobleness and tho peace of home-conceit, and pride, and insincerity, and potty dishonesty, and ¿li %he bitterness and all the meanness whioh can como of jealousy and repining envy? And will not God for such things as these, and for what wo and our characters have beoome in the years that we havo let these things go on,-will He not call us into judgment? Are not these temptations ? Is not this to be our trial-the trial of what we will choose, and what we will do, and what we will try for -to have what makes it easier for us to do God's will and to fulfil His purpose in makinpr us, and, in fact and deed, day by day, and hour by hour, to show whother wo will or not? - You say that you do not feel that you are on your trial. You find it hard to believe that the tempta- tions whioh you really need here come in your way. My brethren, what about your prayers? If they mean anything-if they are any- thing roal as between the soul of man and God-aro wo not, have we not been all along, npon our I trial about our prayers P Are you satisfied with the | way in whioh you say thom ? Aro you satisGed with the efforts you mako, with the trouble you take, to say them better? Aro you satisfied with the spec- tacle which y on know that yon exhibit beforo the eyes of Him who sees in secret when you are singing His praises-when you aro bowod beforo Him on your knoOf ? Ah, yes, you are unable to keep your thoughts in order ; you are often vexed with your- self j you moro often acquiesce in words said without moaning. But it is so hard to attend. Yea, and what does that toll ? What we are to-day is the result and shaping of what in past days we havo been. If to- day I am not master of my attention-if my thoughts aro wandering to the ond of the world whilo my lips are speaking the most awful words that human lipB can utter-if, addrossing myself to the ear of the Eternal, I am all the whilo dreaming without re- straint on tho idlest vanities of the paeeing minute if, while commending myself to His keeping, I suffer every faculty within mo to go to sleep-what is the history of all this but that, in days past, I have taken no trouble wita myself to cheok the growth .of .care * lessness and inattention, and now I am reaping the ', fruits of my unfaithfulness f " Day nnto day uttereth knowledge." The weakness of to-day is the eoho of the deliberate betrayal of duty long ago when life was beforo us. And do you say that in the stillness of your uneventful life you are not upon your trial-on your trial as to what you have been-on your trial vvhethpr, when you have failed, you will do your best to retrieve it? "The hour is coming which must soon j decido it-betray, make manifest, what has ! been going on, not only in those great storms of passion and adversity, those great critical decisions of will for or against what is right to which we often confine the name of temptations.^ but in tho30 secret, undisclosed prolonged workings of choice, of effort, of self- surrender, which prepare men for what they do in public, and which are as real and as serious as what they do in public. Wa rise in the morning, and the day will try us, show what we are, touch some spring, some dormant motive deep down in our nature which reveals the truth about it to One who sees us ; and as wo go through each day's proof and trial, wo are fitting ourselves for the event of the trial of to-morrow, and the current of our life and characters is set by unpercoived and insensible influences either towards that eternal life whioh God has prepared for man, or towards that eternal death from which, for the soul, there is no rising. And on this spectacle of human trial, of human preparation for the eternal future, the great love (may I _ use the word with reverenco ?- the groat anxiety) of God throws the awful light of that world which yet is not ours. Above the huge, appalling, accumu- lating load of human temptation-temptation yielded to, temptation surmounted - of human falls, of human victories, rises the unutterable history of the sympathy and partnership in temptation of the eternal incarnate Son. Amid the hopeless wrecks of human history, the fatal disasters of individual lives, there is planted the croas of redemption, of rooovory, where our shame and our hope aro joined-where the Crucifiod Btretchos forth His arms to embruce and console the tempted, the defeated, in this mortal struggle for life and death. You are weak ; you aro blind ; you know not where you are, and whore you are going ; you feel within you tho treacheries of sin ; you know how your will haa played you false, how your motives have decoivoü you. Yes, it is true, les, but around you and within you has oome from on high, to make His abode with spirits on their trial, the eternal Spirit, the holy Comforter of Pen- tecost, the Enlightenor, the Strengthened Ho knowB what yon aro; He interprets your real self; he re- sponds to what is in your heart ; he makes interces- sion for you with groanB that cannot be ntterod ; Ho helps your infirmities. Commit yourself, commit your trial, in all true honesty of heart, to Him-to that Holy Spirit of truth who whispers in your soul and conscience. Commit your trial to Him, and of one thing you may be sure,-that from falsehood and disguised self-seeking, Ho will proteot you. And that is what we havo to fear. "When our trial is over and has to be judged, it is not our mistakes, our misunderstandings, our mismanaged attempts, our ill-guided^ efforts, which will weigh so heavily against us. It is the treasons of our wills ; it is our paltering with sin ; it is our disloyalty to conscience and to the voice and call of the Spirit. God, who knows that it is necessary for you to be tried-God, who knows all our weaknoss, and knows also how wo may be strong-He has not boen backward in showing how He is in earnqst. Wo adjure Him by the most tremendous recollections of what has actually happened in Heaven and upon this oarth for our deliverance :-" By the mystery of Thy I holy incarnation, by Thy holy nativity and oiroara oision, by Thy baptism, fasting, and temptation, by Thy agony and bloody sweat, by Thy cross and pas- sion, by Thy preoioua death -and burial, hy Thy glorious resurrection and ascension, by the ooming of tho Holy Ghost, in all time of our tribulation, in all time of our wealth, in tho honr of death, and in the day of judgment, good Lord deliver us." May cur seriousness in thinking of whatlwe have to do, and of what wo aro preparing for, answer to His in His intent to help and to save us,-in appointing for us a destiny of perfection whioh it is impossible for human thought to reach. " To him that ever cometh will I grant to sit with Me in My throne, even as I also overcame and am set down with My , Fathorin His throne." I EBB ATA.-In connection with the Draught Patent I Bill, a Bynopsis of the provisions of whioh appears in our scientific column, the following is the correct soale | of fees proposed to be oharged :-On depositing specification, £2 10s ; on obtaining letters patont, J62 10S ; at or bofore tho expiration of tho third year, ¿615 ; on lodging particulars of objections, JS2 10s ; on presenting petition for extension, -B2 10s ; every search and inspection, Is; entry of assignment or license, 10s ; certificate of assignment or license, 10s ; filing of memorandum of alteration or disolaimer, £2 10s ; entering any caveat, £2 10s ; copy er extract of any writing per common law folio, Is. THE RABBIT PEST.-Copy of report for tho week ending September 2G from the chief inspector of Btock to the Minister of Mines :-For the week end- ing Septomber^G, 30 out of 43 inspectors havo i reported. They have made 154 inspections, travelled over 3697 miles, and found over 614,000 acres infested. They report that on 33 runs the rabbits are inoreaaing, on 31 stationary, and on 35 decreasing. The number of men employed rabbiting is 169, the number required being 266. The use of bisulphato of carbon as a fumigator is still showing good results, and other modes, as trapping, the domestioated cat, &c.;, are very eff octive in destroying the.rabbits, Tho number of rabbits returned as destroyed is 9543. The Jewish New Year (5644) commenced at 6 o'clock Monday evening, when all good Hebrews coased ] from work, and commenced the commemoration of the same in the usual way with prayers at the Syna- gogue. Here there was a very large attendance, and the service occupied about two hours. Tuesday the Synagogue was crowded. There must have been 2000 of the Jewish faith present, and the appearance prosentod was very fine. Tho ladies were all drossod in their best, and looked most resplendent, whilo the men in their whito Bilk fringed cloaks also presonted a very striking appearance. The ark was lighted up with myriads of gas jets, and was very brilliant. After prayers the service was conducted by tho Rov. A. B.-Davis in his robes of whito silk. This was his first public appearanoe m the Synagogue sinoo his roturn from his European tour, and the immense con- gregation seemed delighted to welcome him back. Ho , was assisted in tho service by the Rev. A. Wolinski, the second reader, who is a new arrival from Mel- ' bourne ; and this gentleman's labours gave every eatisfaction. The looturo was delivered by the Rov. A. B. Davis, and waa appropriate to the occasion, and full of sound Bonso and judgment and strong religious faith and hope. Tho reading desk was draped with satin, embroidored with gold fringo, the whole presenting a harmony of colouring with the vestments of priests and congregation not often seen. During tho morning the choir, under their choir master, Mr. Sussmilch, performod some excellent solootions, and soma of the rausio was very finely rendered, especially hythe ladies. -As usual the prayerswtíro given in Hebrew, bnt the lecture was m English. ' Thoao religions (services woro'con tlunftfLan Wndnasda 