fhc Jtow Combination llcdsfead. [t was night. The boarding-house was rapt in tenebrious^gloom, faintly tinged with an odour of kerosene. Suddenly there arose in the air a yell, followed by wild objurgation? and runous anathemas. There was a clanking and rattling, as of an over turned picket fence, and another yell, with more anathemas. The fatted boarders listened, and, ghostly clad, tip toed along to Buff urn's room, he of Buff urn and Bird, secondhand furniture dealers. As they stood there, there was a whizz, a grinding, a rattling, and a bang, and more yells. They consulted and knocked on the door. 'Come in.' « Open it.' 'I can't' Convinced that Buffum was in his last agony, they knocked in the door with a bed post. The sight was ghastly. Clasped between two sturdy, through slender frames of walnut, Buffum, pale as a ghost, was six feet up in the air. He couldn't move. He was caught like a bear in a log-trap. ' What on earth is it?' they said. ' Bedstead — combination. New patent I was tellin' you about,' gasped Buffum. His story was simple though tearful. He had brought it home that day, and after using it for a writing desk, had opened it out and made his bed. He was going peacefully to dreamland, when he rolled over and accidently touched the spring. The fearful invention immediately became a double crib, and turned Buffum into a squalling wafer. Then he struggled, and was reaching around, for the spring, when the patent bedstead thought it would show off some more, and straightened out, and shot up in the air and was a clothes horse. Buffuni said he didn't like to be clothes, and he would give the thing to anybody that would get him out. They said they would try. They didn't want any such fire extinguisher as that for their trouble, but they would try. They inspected it cautiously. They walked all around it. Then the commission merchant laid his little finger on the top end of it. The thing snorted and reared as if it was shot, slapped over with a bang and became an extension table for ten people. When they recovered from the panic and came back, they found the commission merchant in the corner, trying to get breath enough to swear while he rubbed his shins. Buffum had disappeared, but they knew he had not gone far. The invention appeared to have taken a fancy to him, and incor porated him into the firm, so to speak. He was down underneath, straddling one of the legs, with his head jammed into the mattress. Nobody dared to touch it. The landlady got a club and reached for its vital parts, but could not find them. She hammered her breath away and when she got through and dropped the club in despair, the thing swung out its arms with a grasp and a rattle, turned over twice, and slapped itself into a bed again, with Buffuni peacefully among the sheets. He held his breath for a minute, and then waiting his opportunity, made a fling leap to the il.iwi, just in time to save himself from being a folding screen. A man with a black eye and a cut lip told the editor about it yesterday. He said he jwned the patent, and Buffuni had been explaining to him low it worked. — (American Paper). A Judge's Opinion of ' Dressy ' Girls. — At the Durham assizes, Mr Justice Denham, in sen tencing a young girl who had pleaded guilty of obtaining articles of dress by false pretences, said ' she had been led away by foolish vanity and love of dress, and the desire to look well in the eyes of others, and especially the opposite sex. Let him tell her that a man who cared for dressy girls was not worthy of a girl's affection. He was a fool and and would not make a good husband ; and the less girls had to do with such men the better.' She received only a nominal punishment of three days' imprisonment, in hope of taking this as a warning. — Home News. What is the worst thing about riches 1 asked a Sunday-school teacher. 'Their scarcity,' replied a boy, and he was immediately awarded* chrpmo. Why Hobben Odjected. — 'Hobseh,' said Muggins, ' they tell me you've taken your boy away from the Public school : what's that for ?' ' 'Cause,' said Hobsen, 'the master aint fit to teach 'im.' 'Oh!' said Muggins, I've heard he's a very goqd master.' ' Weel,' replied Hobsen, apologetically ' all I knows i3 he wanted to teach my boy to spell tetters with a p.' 'What your daughter wants,' said an overcanjii music teacher to a millionaric whose education was not equal to his fortune, 'is capacity' ' indeed' was the astonished reply, 'well, then, I'll order one immediately, no matter what it costs.' Nothing is more offensive to taste than an over dressed young girl. 4 