ECHOES OOF MELBOURNE. (BY T?E . GIOsT.) What tie Derby in England and the Atiditralian Cup in Melbourno are to the sporting world is the financial statement to, politicians. It is the event of the season in its own particular line. .Mr. Service on Wednesday-to use the ortho dox phrase in vogue to describe the operation of placing the country's balance sheet before it- unfolded his budget. Unlike Canning's oft-quoted knife grinder, i who had no story to tell, the Victorian Premier had something to discourse about. And in a plain, unvarnished sort of way the assets and liabilities of the colony were detailed to the'delectation alipa rently of every one, except tile former i incumbents of tholTreasury benches, who through Mr. Bent, who has boon consti tuted, or has constituted himself their mouthpiece, showed how some of the shots fired-by the Treasurer were tolling. One great merit of Mr. Service's deliver anco was its brevity. Unlike some of his predecessors,who marshalled battalions of figures in wearisome array until no one paid any attention to them but the ex Treasurer last ousted from Office, and Messrs. Mirams and Lawrens, thei Premier only took up some two hours of the. valuable-valuable at least in a pecuniary sense to the country-of the timb of honourable members, and had finished his oration before the refresh ment hour in good time to allow honour- i able members to digest his figures at the same time as their dinners. The budget speech was a carefully prepared one, fully written out, and therefore lacking in its delivery that tone df spontaneity which is the chief charm-if indeed any charm there be-in Parliamentary' oratory. If 1 it did not produce any enthusiasm, it is not likelyto provokeany very greatmpnount of criticism ; for, sooth to say, there is really nothing much to criticise in a balance-shooeet, provided only it be cor rect. The loudest cheers given the Premier were when he expressed his regret at the abolition of the bear tax. If only those cheers could be relied on there would be no difficulty experienced in re imposing the diuty on " the poor main's luxury" whenever a hundred thousand pounds is required to swell the colonial revenue. The long bottled-up vials of Mr. Miram's wrath have boon at last poured out on Mr. Berry's devoted and fast becoming-bald head; and the way in which the telling sarcasm of the member for Collingwood was received by the quandam supporters of the gentleman whom his enomies delight in styling "the junior member for Geelong," can hardly have failed to call to mind Larochefoucauld's saying anent Vthe way in which the misfortunes of a man are looked upon by his friends. The "mosquito" of the Assembly in the attack on the late leader of the Liberal party, showed not only that he could buzz but.that he could sting too. It is somewhat strange that no alluslon was made ini the Budget to the abolition of the stock tax. Mr. Service is well known to be adverse to its retention, and eveli the Tariff Commission have recom mended its discontinuance. It may be very proper to avoid all reference to "burning questions," and would, no doubt, conduce very much to Ministerial comfort to avoid all reference to every subject calculated to provoke a difference of opinion among the supporters of the Government. But even caution lhas its limits, and there is a point beyond which prudence degenerates into cowardice. Unless the Promier' announcement that he had nothing sensational to propose was intended as an intimation that there was to be no remission of any of the present duties, there was not in Mr. Service's enunciation the faintest allusion to a matter which cannot have escaped that gentleman's attention. The," war scare" of last week appears to ha-'o died out. The assurance that tile French Government were about to make enquiries into the alleged conduct of Admiral Pierre and his ofticere at Madagascar, and to offer apologies and reparation, if any injury was found to have been done to British sub jects appears to have amply sat isfied the peace-at-any-price gentle men, who at the present moment are her Majesty's advisers in the mother country. There are apparently gentlemen of the Sir Joseph Porter type elsewhere than on board H.M.S. Pinafore. The French have not heard " officially" any account of the so-called misednductof their officers and until they have given time to the deliquents to give their version of the story. If they then think it requisite an amende will be mado. Truly there is, as has often 'boen said, much virtue in an if. Were we amidst the chos of Ireland, in all probability in answer to the ques tion " Oh I where is the Inspector of Vic torian railwayrefreslhuent- roounal" Echo would answer : " Really I don't know." It is now upwards of a year since Mr. B. G. Davies was :appointed to the position, and the mprovemoent in the eatables and drinkables provided for the travelling public promised when that gentleman first assumed office has yet to come. Recently the lessee of the Geolong Rooms was fined for selling as Hennessy's brandy n liquor that had never known the collars of that cognac firm. But AMr. O'Connor, the Inspector of Excise, discovered the fraud, and not tile offioial specially con.t missioned to do so. When the late member forAvoca was appointed,t ravellers who are not imbued with Reehabite pro clivities fondly imagined that the days of spurious J.D.K.K., bad whisky, and doctored brandy had passed away for over. Alas, for tlheir hopes. Their grg is no better than in the free Daviosion era, whllen there was no one specially charged with looking after the quality of our drinkables. It is hard to account for tile fact that the discovery that railway travellers have boon in the past andl are being in the present defrauded is duo to an olitaier in thle department over whlich Mr. Gitlies presides. Mr. Davies nha., lwhen selected for tile post, thle reputation of being at least a tolerable tidlge of whisky. Can it be that sluice that timno tile ex-Ohairman of Committees and whilom MZ.P. has'embraced teetotnalism 1 Our Law Courts-if we except that ordinarily dull abode of Theapis, the [nsolvent Court, have boon void ,f seln sations. iBut in thie tribunals presided over by Judge Nool, the Carter and the Wiutor insolroncies have afnorded outler tainmnont to thIe numlber of naolunlrscript individuals who usnally attoend thie Court, and to all who read the reports of the Iexamination. Tihelatter nanmed gentle man, whno is familiarly klnuown as " tihe Iudian corn doctor," has cminue to signal grief, and in thie nuthor case the great jewel rohbery that toik place is in a fair way of being explainedl. lu ,thl iucstanCes thie facts elicited oe cross-examainitiuon are somewhat curious. 'riTe theatrical world has Ibeen plusngel: into mournilng by tIle death of Mrs. Garnor, better known to play-goors uuoor her maiden name of Miiss Blanche Stammers. At the early age of 32 osh has joined the great inijority, after an illness of only two daya' duration. What makes tho event more sad is that her husband is at . present in England. Hardly can he have thought, when bid ding her adieu on board the mail boat little over a month ago, he was bidding her farewell for ever. July 20. 