THE NEW PARSONAGE AT JUNEE. The ceremony of laying the foundation stone of St. Luke's Junee, took place, in the presence of a large assemblage, em bracing between seventy and eighty visitors conveyed by special train from Wagga Wagga, Brucedale, and Harefield. The building will occupy an excellent and ele- vated position, and when completed will be admirably adapted to the purpose for which it is intended. The building is to be of brick on rubble stone foundations, and will contain six rooms under the main roof, together with kitchen, servant's room, pantry, and verandah room adjoining. The rooms are all spacious and lofty, and a hall 6ft. wide runs through the centre of the main building. There is also to be a verandah in the front and on the north side, which will add greatly to the comfort as well as the appearance of the parsonage. There is also to be an underground tank 10ft. x I2ft., with pump, &c.; and the kitchen is to be fitted up with shelves and one of the best American kitchen stoves. The committee have accepted the tender of Mr. William Chalmers, for the erection and completion of the building, for £665 17s.; the committee to supply the bricks. As we have said, the ceremony, of laying the foundation stone took place on Friday last, January 26th. Shortly after 2 o'clock the proceedings were commenced by singing the hymn on the printed programme com- mencing, "The Church's One Foundation:" after which the psalms appointed for the occasion were read, also a lesson taken from 1 Cor., 4 c. The Ven. Archdeacon Pownall then called upon the Rev. Mr. Studds to make the pre- sentation of the trowel and mallet with which to lay the foundation stone. The Rev. Mr. STUDDS said that it afforded him very great pleasure to take part, in that day's proceedings, and also to see such a large assemblage present on the occasion. It was only about four months since the matter of building a parsonage at Junee was first con- sidered, but the amount already subscribed justified them in at once proceeding, with the undertaking. There were several reasons, he said, why he thought the committee had acted wisely in deciding that a parsonage should be built. It would not only help to strengthen and consolidate the work of the parish, but it would save the clergyman, who ever he may be, about 1400 miles unnecessary travelling in the course of the year to reside in Junee instead of Wagga Wagga. Junee was really the centre of the district; on that ground the clergyman ought to reside there. They would, he said, in laying the foundation stone, proceed in the usual orthodox manner by placing in the cavity—the foundation where the stone was to be laid—a bottle con- taining a copy of the Sydney Morning Herald, Wagga Wagga Advertiser and Wagga Wagga Express, together with a scroll containing the following inscription:- " 'Glory to God in the highest.' This foundation stone of St. Luke's parsonage, Junee, was laid by Mrs. T. W. Hammond, on Friday, the. twenty-sixth day of January, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight-hundred and eighth three, and in the forty-sixth year., of the reign of her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, his Excellency, the Right Hon. Lord Augustus [Loftus, P.C.G.C.B. being Governor Com- mander-in-Chief of the colony of New South Wales and its dependencies; the Right Rev. Mesac. Thomas, D.D., Bishop of Goulburn; clergy of the district, the Rev. W. H. Pownall, B.D., Archdeacon of Wagga Wagga; the Rev. James Studds, Junee; Church Wardens of St. Luke's, Messrs. T.W. Ham- mond, G. F. Bushell, and G. Dobbyns; clerk of works, R. Morrison Marnock; con- tractor, William Chalmers; building com- mittee, Messrs. T. W. Hammond, C. A. Macdonald, Jas. Beveridge, G. F. Bushell, W. McNickle, C. Blatch, C.W. Seignior, T. Humphries, and C. Cowled. Junee, January 26, 1883." He then mentioned that he had been requested on behalf of the committee to ask Mrs. Hammond's acceptance of the trowel and mallet provided for the occasion, and then asked that lady to lay the foundation: stone. The trowel was a very handsome silver one with an ivory handle, and contained the following inscription:- "Presented to Mrs. T. W. Hammond on the occasion of-laying the foundation stone of St. Luke's parsonage Junee, January 26, 1883. The bottle having been placed in the cavity prepared for it and the stone duly adjusted, Mrs. Hammond said "I do declare this found- ation stone of St. Luke's parsonage to be well and truly laid in the name of the father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, and may the bless- ings of Almighty God rest upon." Three cheers were then given for Mrs Hammond, the Rev. Archdeacon Pownall, Rev. J. Studds, and also Mr. Hammond and family. A collection was then made, which with the sum previously promised and given, amounted to £726. The proceedings were closed with the doxology and the company adjourned to the tent where a tea was provided. We hope the committee will leave the matter, next time they have a tea meeting, in the hands of the ladies, whom we are sure will manage it much better. \-------------------- ; At. about 7 o'clock a public meeting was' hold, at which thi} Von. ArchdoucutrruwnolJ - presided, and gavo an excellent address. . . Tho Rev. J. b'rtJDDS rend Uio fihanciaV statement, wluoh was of a most satisfactory^ and oncouraging chaructor, and from which' we gleaned that tho following items muke up the total sain subscribed and promised.t Wantabadgory, £80 13s.j Oura, £3G 4s. Gd.; Junee, £1CG ICa.; Borry Jerry and Kindra,; £GG 17s.; Hurefidd,£47 10*.; Pino Gully unci iirucerlalc, £28 Gg.} Wagga Wagga and friends at a distunco, £9G Gg.j ChurchSociety, £100; Bishop of Goulburn, £50 ; collected by Miss M'Nieklo, £37 10a.; cash placed on' tho foundatioB-Btono, £1G 5s.j total, £72G7s.i Tho liabilities wore—Contract for parsonage,' £CGa 17s., which, with tho bricks, would bring up tho amount to something over £800; there was also £130 to Mr. Blutoh for-the purchase of four acres of land... To this must also bo udded tho cost of crecting stable and, fencing, which, with incidental expenses, would bring up tho total outlay .layabout' £1000. ^ , Excellent addresses were also delivered by Mr. II. Jj. Fitzhui'dingo and Mr.- J.- 13. Gribblo. Mr. Morrison, Mr. Reynolds, and Mies Reynolds also entertained tho meeting with singing in splondid gt.ylo a number of songs,' with Mr. W. G. Braadhursb as organist; i Tho meeting terminated with tho usual: votos of thanks. - 