The Advertiser. P'BLSHEDcn EVERY TUESDAY. THURSDAYT AND SATLr.DAY 31onRcO. Basrnsdale. Saturday, Sepember 15, 1393. ScA.?rITY of labor has been the great impediment to agricultural pursuits in this colony for a very long time, and ihas not only tended to hamper farmers in extending their operations, but has likewise militated against the develop merit of several industries, and pre. vented attention being directed to the cultivation of many articles which could be profitably pro;uced if there were a sufficient supply of labor, and which would add to the wealth of all classes in the community. So seriously has this want of labor been felt in the coun try districts, that a movement, set on foot to induce the Government to in. troduce some judicious scheme of as sisted immigration, has been received with almost universal approval by the local municipal bodies and agricultural hsocieties throughout Victoria, and a determination has been evinced to give a hearty support to the movement. The subject has been discussed by both the Bairnsdale and Tambo shire councils, and both these bodies have decided to co-operate in the matter, and to support the scheme by petition. ing Parliament in favor of assisted immigration. So far as has come under our observation, the opposition offered to the scheme of assisted immigration is of a limited character, and based on selfish and untenable grounds. The opponents urge that were the State to assist people to come here, it would be bringing out labor to compete with that which is already located in the colony, and by this means would reduce wages and result in work being scarce and precarious. There might be some excuse for entertaining.these views if there were only a limited amount of work to be distributed among the laborers and artisanis already here, but where there are nnmerous industries awaiting development, farmers only too anxious to extend their operations when the supply of labor will warrant them in doing so, and so vast a number of channels to absorb labor as it arrives here, it is nothing but the bigoted ad herence to old and fallacious cries which have been haviug so detrimental an influence in the past on the welfare and progress of Victoria. Other colonies and other countries, wiser in their generation than have been the niarrow.minded masses of Victoria, have fully realised the importance of obtaining the bone and muscle neces. sary to the advancement of a commu. nity, and capital has invariably followed the tide-of immigration; and we may look for a similar result here. We can offer an extensive field for skilled and manual labor, and if but a flow of such be directed to these shores, an impetus will be given to old industries, new ones will be developed, agricultural pursuits will be conducted on a filr more extensive scale, and a tide of general activity and prosperity will set in. Without such an influx of labor, the outlook cannot be regarded as of a most cheerful character. The Govern. ment are preparing for the prosecution of most extcnsiveo works, new railways will in the immediate future be in course ofconstruction,nud the requisite supply of men for works being under. takein in and around the cities and largo centres of population will com pletoly deplete the country districts of the labor required oni firms and on stations, and the curtailhent in ope rations occasioned thereby will be felt all over the country throilglh the con. comitant increase in the price of the necessaries of life. Thel mistakes maIioId in the past is nr sound rcaon for the grneral ondenmltion, of eir''teld irt. migration, on the contrary, theI exlne. rince' of the past will be i'uvaluahhl in guiding operations in the future in this irespect, and 'e oa only clinse tor the n:atural oiecluii n tlhat tht? innvtln tn having been initiatted by aunicipl:d bodies and agricultur i nal i? tie, ti,. , Inst g iaranti e is givtrn that lIy funitire s'hel.,i o al anistedl irnuinrl ati r's ill I, ndu ced htu t ite sol' t hii t i lnv will h ie. such a cl.sa as we most require, and who will .oin those alreiadl here in aidin, the airvancement aud prosperity of Victoria generally. We issue a supplement with to-day's publication, containing an interesting communication from the pen of our ver satile correspondent " The Other Vags bond," a list of works for which tenders are required by the Bairnsdale Shire. Council, and public announcements, in cluding the notifications of owners of stln horses. The steady and welcome rain which commenced to fall on Wednesday night continued without cessation until late on Thursday night, and being just the downpour which has so long been looked for, will have a most beneficial effect throughout the district. By our ex changes we see that the rain has been general throughout the colony. At the last Tambo- Shire Council meeting, the president and Councilldr Welby were deputed to visit Melbourne to interview tile Commissioner of Public Works respecting a grant for the maint Manaro road. On Wednesday they were introduced by-Messrs. M'Lean and A. Harris, Ms.L.A., and a-ked the Commissioner of Publie -Works to alter the conditions under which £500 had been voted towards the construction of a portion of the road. .It was specified in the Estimates-that the money was only to be expended on condition that tle cc.uncil expendled £500. They de sired that t!.is c.:sitiun ashould be struck out, and that a further sum of £500 should be placed on the additional estimates. The preliminary expenses in connection with the work would be very great, but they would be no larger for the greater amount than for the lesser. Mfr. Deakin replied that the application had been made too late. He was in structed that no additional estimates were to l,. sumlintt?d. Mr. Besley informs us that the rain fall here from Wednesday to Friday mornitig was 3.09 inches, making a total from the 1st of January of 18.44 inches. For the same period last year the total was 12.92 ; for '81 it was 17.06, and for '80 it was 30.02. -In '80 heavy floods occurred in Sale. The fall from Wednesday to Thursday was 2.40 inches, being the heaviest one day's rain since the 31st May, 1881. A peculiarity about this week's fall has been the persistent winds from the W. and N.W., whereas on previous occa sions since observations have been made here the prevailing rain-wind has been E. and S.E. \- We are pleased to record that a letter carrierlhas been appointed to the Bairns dale post office, and commenced his dunies yesterday morning. This addi tion to the office now permtts of the delivery by letter-carrier being extended to the convenience of the residents living a mile from the post office. At the meeting of the Debating Club on Tuesday night, the question of es tablishing an Amateur Dramatic and Musical Society in Bairnsdale was finally dealt with. It appeared to be the general opinion of members that the time was ripe to start a society of the character referred to, and as it was stated that good support had been pro mised, a resolution was arrived at em powering Mr. Teates to convene a pub lic meeting at an early date of all per sons interested, with a view of floating the prososed society. The intention is, we believe, to make it entirely distinct from the Debating Club, and every effort will be used to enlist all the avail able talent of the town and district into the society, with the object of producing plays and giving performances at stated and regular intervals throughout the year on behalf of local objects. -Great complaints are made in the dis trict of some persons taking horses and riding them without the permission of the owners. It would be well if such parties would reflect respecting the danger they run, and we may inform them that some of the owners intend putting the law in motion and making an example of the first person disoovered doing this. A meeting of persons interested in maize-growing, to consider the proposed reduction in the import duty on that article, will be held at Peterson's 31it chell Hotel at three o'clcek this after noon; Accounts for D. Allen, J. Bulnmer, M. Breen, E. Brodribb, C. H. Cooper, J. C. Dahlsen and Co., J. T. Dickson, J. Duke, J. Elliott, U. Hoddinott jun., W. Houghton, W. II, Haylock, E. Jones, W. Miles, A. M'Leau, J. G. Peers, II. Reed, J. L. Stormont, H. J. W. Thorpe, G. H. Watson and G. Witts are at the Receipt and Pay office, Bairnsdale. Next Thursday, the 20th inst., ten ders will be received by the shire council, in accordance iith conditions to be seen at the shire hall, for the right to graze on the Engle Point reserve for the ensuing twelve months. Tenders must be in ly eleven o'clock in the forenoon. None of the applications sent in for the position of inspector of nuisances for the shire were accepted, and it has been decided to call for fresh applications, returnable at the next meeting of the ceunci in October, for the position, the salary to be fixed at the rate of £52 per annum. Elsewhere, Messrs. J. and H.-BeTrley, of the London House,, intimate to tlhe residents of thie district that their first showlnv of spring goods will commence to-day. The cargo of mutton, consisting of 415412 caresses, which left Sydney by thie steanner Cuzco on the 20th July, has arrived at London in excellent cot dition. In dliscussing tlie Tanlatave outrages thie English press geinerally condemns the aggiessire line of cTe nduot purosuedl iy Captain l iJohnsions , of II.M.S. )rynld, in imipeding thle oelrations of Adlnirsl Plierra Ilrir to lthe Ihtubarlidment sf ralstave. It shllare from E.igliih t-h-,grams liat tilt- i¶surrs--tilsnarr ititvmtnit nt nll . .\h Slavs of illll t "i L 1'r 1 ti1 i i a ti ills rlu l . .\ll tie vil h ,s b- l.n n tini am , I) iinia iil lO i ll ,oi ll rll vl lit nl15itl th51 lillhl ity iii the Ill, i s" ll 'itlut l I U i, and the bciclt awarded him a month's It l. . - I soeertained by the police it':a ;h. i'-::hnhon Paul alias Jean M. Portes alias Dupyon, who was recently arrested for burglary at Ballarat, is a noted criminal. He was convicted at Becchworth in May, 1879, on five charges of burglary, and sentenced to fire years imprisonment. He obtained his release ,in April last. The Mining department has received intimation of a remarkably rich crushing from the Tideldeaddleda Company, Har rietviile. From 17 cwt. of quartz 811 oz. of gold were obtained, which is an average of 96 oz. per ton. The stone was raised from a depth of seven hun dred feet. The Times' Dargo correspondent writes :-Last Saturday an accident befel Mr. W. Websdale which nearly cost him his life, in fact it is a miracle how he escaped being dashed to pieces. It seems that he went out at the back of his house to bring in a goat from the hill side, where it was tethered, and whilst in the act of bringing it, his foot slipped on the stones and the place being steep he could not get hold of anything, and be tween slipping and rolling he came to the edge of a precipice, where, trying to gain another hold, he fell backwards over it and was thrown from crag to crag, at last striking a ledge of rock from which he was precipitated into the middle of the river. When he struck the.water and sank his brother-in-law thought he was killed, and sang out to Mr. D. Websdale, who came up and brought him out of the river. His arm was broken, but otherwise, he was almost uninjured. Mr. A. Beecher, of Dargo, set the broken arm, and the patient is progressing favorably. The distance from the place he first slipped to the river is about 150 feet. During the storm which passed over Stratford on Wednesday afternoon, (says the Time.n) a large dead redgum tree in one of Messrs. Daniels'. paddocks, near their house, was struck by lightning. The electric fluid struck the trse shont fifty feet from the ground, to r'i..r aw.ay several large jagged piereC. it then entered the main butt at a hollow branch about twenty feet from the ground, set ting fire to it, and splitting the tree to the bottom. It is a common occurrence for a tree to be struck by lightning, but we believe it very rarely happens that it sets fire to the tree. Grand opera, (writes a Melbourne correspondent to a country paper) like Shakespeare, is evidently not a profit able speculation to embark in-that is for the management. The principal artistes have, however, learnt by expe rience the correct course to adopt when ever " the ghost failsto walk." Oneof the soprano singers-at a metropolitan theatre positively refused to go on until her salary was paid down in the golden coins bearing the image of Her Most Gracious Majesty. She had previously declined a "little cheque" with the smiling intimation that she "knew a trick worth two of that." Then the irate manager had to " plank" the 15 sors., and the fair young artiste com menced her role after the audience had been kept waiting fully half-an-hour, and an announcement had been made from the stage that their indulgence was required owing to Miss - 's " serious indisposition," A fire, by which five children between the ages of 4 and 18 years were burned to death, occurred at about two o'clock on Wednesday morning at the pesidenee of M3r. W. Nash, Walsh street, South Yarra. It appears that the dccupant of the house were aroused about the hour mentioned by a noise, and at once discovered that the whole building, which was constructed almost entirely of wood, was in flames. The two younger children and the eldest daughter were occupying the same room as Mrs. Nash and were saved ; but of the other five, who were sleeping in a separate room, only one, a little boy, was extricated, and he was so terribly burned that lie died at half-past eight at night. So far, nothing is known regarding the origin of the fire, the family having all retired as usual at about eleven o'clock, when the gas was turned off at the meter. The house was known as " Bingarn," and was one of the first erected in the locality. The terrible occurrence was rendered more painful through the absence from home of Mr. Nash. At the iJquest on Thursday the domestic servant, who had mysteriously dis appeared, came forward to give her evi dence. She admitted that she had taken the baby and a little boy from Mrs. Nash, and that she left them sorne where-where she could not say. She excused herself by saying that sIhe did not know ?hat she was doing. How ever, she managed to find bher way to Richmond, where shie was living, got into bed, and remained there all day. That accounted for hler disappearance. She asked the coroner if she would be "recompensed " for her loss of motey and clothing. Dr. Ysui said hie had nothing to do with that. The juny found that the children were killed in a fire accidlentally caused. The following additional particulars have been received respecting the nmur ider of white smen at Api, one of the New Hebhrides. Thielabor schlooner Lavinin left Mackay on June 21, and reached Api sil August 24. She lainded sonime retaurning islandiers, r.ni next dar, in complitance srili a request of the natives, a lost WAs sent ashore,. hlearing shiotS, tile captain of the Lavinna, which wasn lying half a mile oi', sent another lint near thie lshore, which picked np' threeou of tlte boat's crew whiu hadt swam offl when the attack was runalde. They at once went to ricover the first boat, in whlilch they fitund the second iuate still alive, but dangerinhly tomnahawked, ndlt also Sthe (.i;,vtrunIlnt agent, Stoadinain, quite dhad aind terriblh isutilaed. 'Tlhy eooke all the men acrk ti th, vessel anlt ,gaiti went itshor,', wihere ihotv fouiid 'I'n i, ithe lst's errew d?e?l, with hil tirade le lx eialpty. Thie tuderes irsle?llv io - In itt. the ,lead , f,,r the sak, of I ?hnnhr, ae tliy hd ,taiuld tl,, trite atid the II1 tt ,l" h isw l rVr it t ii, h llt? Ii it mihii I , ,t' i t tI I i l , .I. Iho lb u;,, 1 r 1 * (1* . ' it I ' lIlt Ilccs. t,"..' s: ·'',: Victoria IiýJ;I",, A--' ttreetj Crirns31ý:=AUVTT How to get a Suit of ClotIes for iva Shilligs I Consult H1. E. GOunn, Main Street.-ADVT. 