THE GLAMIS CASTLE MYSTERY., 'I -Fou four generations there has-been ii mystery nt Glamis C'ustlo, willoh no une hus (ivor been nillo to futhom (writes uu English paper). Some said lt was 'a ghost, others a mysteriously, biddon treasure.; but riunoii's of h moro br loss unoanny natura floated round tho ooimtry, and hara done so fornbottt ninety three yeurs. Four Karls ? of Strntlilnoro hnvu. suatod thoiiiiolvos In uucoxtrnt 'state at AVostinlnlstcv, und yob all tho while tho real Euri, tho eldest uf tho ? family, was alive, hidden in thu vnstold feudal pnluoe at Glamis. Jin died only lost yonr, ngod ninoty-twt years, and ho was a monster. Ito stood eight feet lu height. His hend and tho uppor pnrt of his body re- sembled that of atoad. Hin «kin wits marked'with blnok and whlto blotches, and his hands were webbed. Ho could not speak or hear, but lils eyes were bright but wild. Ho never. showed signs of reason, and in ordnr tonvold legal dlintiultiiis and painful rovcla ttiuns, this honor was hiddoh In n hulldingoreotedon . purposo. His gaolers woro paid handssnio annuities to kuop silent. As each Karl succeeded to tho' catata h", wns taken to see this terrillo ot enture, and it is said that one of these gentloinon almost lost his rea- son in beholding this loathsome"lind trlirnntia' horror, Lnst year tho poor wretch died, and lils secret 1ms come ont. owing tn difficulties conooming tho disposal nf lils remains. '. Tho must extraordinary part of lt nil is that the whereabouts nf tho monster Earl was kept so wonderfully quiet, nnd' nlso that ho lived to suoh an ndvnncol ago. Glamis Castle is the ono referred to lu llncbotli. .. .... .... ... Tlioy lmvo a trick in London bar-rooms of getting rid of fellows wlio go to sleep in Much pince*. A l»i(bln of strong ammonia IM held limier tho sleeper's noso, timi lt always lins tho do-Ircd olïcut'. Some limn ugo, hmvovor. H mim thus suddenly awakened got some of tho nuiimuilii lu lils eyes, nii'1 next tiny np penrod ut thc pimlico oourt mid charged the saloon keeper with nnwinlt. The facts woro then brought out. mid whllo the judgu cousldorcil it ii roprelinii slblu prnotlo.i. und would call tho grnnd jury's ntton , Hon tn lt, hu was forced.tu let the dofeiulont go. ns tlinro wos no proof of his having purposely; thrown thu nninintiiu into thu outnplttliiuiit s oyeft * . A pamphlet is «liant ld lió issued hy tho Canadian' Government with roferonoo td Ihd roíiitiroos of llrl ' tinh ' Cul ni ti 11 in. ' its mineral deposits, mid Its timber forest'. Tho Cnnndlnn Government ls propsr«d to glvo il bonus ot £2 to ovory adult of and oxoeéiling sixteen, yours of ngo on arrival at Vlotorla, British Columbia, on proof that ho intends to Bottle In Uio provlnco. ., . ' '. ' '''"' ... -.</ .ir Tho ngrloultnrnl statistics for tho last year show that tho total aron under crop In Ireland, Inolndlng meadow and olovcr, was 20,32S,fi7il narcs, showing n decrease of .114,11111 aeres ; whllo thara is nn inorcaso of 21111 acres undor woods and plantations, of Ol bores under fallow, of 70,181' noros under boa wanto and water, and of 111,201 under gran. « Of tho 4,7H7,."28 acres given ns undor bog waste, wntor, ¿ca,', 118,187 oores woro bog «nd mnrsh, 2,005,812 acres barron mountain land, nnd 87:1,20!) water, roads,' fenacs, «to. Compared willi 1881, bog and waste appear to have in- creased (18,1(11, and barron mountain land 21,000, acres, and writer, roads, fences, ka., 2880. Tho nam-' ber of sepáralo holding la 71,1187, being UiiltS loss than iii.tho previous year. ".. \'.;., t ' .' ¡ . , SKAÎIOÏIINIÎ, Von J?iiAnAon's CÍLAIIIOTB IN^THE HUD SBA.-Tho approaching . departure from Mar solUes. of n,;,singular expedition is menllonnd by a correspondent) off nn English, contemporary- Do states that thora has boon organised nt l'nris, undor tho .direction ,of ;thd,learned .-Alibó Molgno, tho founder of tho Cosmo, n society having fur its object ¿lin dragging uf tho bottom ot tho lied Sea and tho Bitter Lakes, to find tho oliariots and treasures bf tho arrriV Of'riiambh;'supposed tO'bo'nt'tho bottom "of; those'Wiitors covdrCd' by inline' deposits.' ;A «am of 7Í¡0,000 francs has been subscribed for tho.cxpciup. Divert will search the Ked Sea and tho Sitter Lakes. . to discover.,tho ;nrm», tho armour, and tho precious* stones that were In posseseleu of thc Egyptians when they were cngulphcd. 