MISS POMEROY AX "IIAMLET." " Hamlet" was again presented at the Royal Princess Theatre last evening, but under cir cumstances vastly different to those of the previous evening. Miss Pomeroy, the Ophelia of the previous evening, last night sustained the i-ole of Hamlet, while Miss Florrie Lewis took the part of Ophelia. Obviously, it would not be becoming to make an attempt to draw comparisons between the two performances; but we may go so far as to chronicle the fact that the audience last night went away de lighted with having witnessed a clever, well studied, and scholarly performance. It is not very frequently that a lady is seen as Ilamlet, and last evening's performance was therefore something unique. It is about twelve months since we lirst saw Miss Pomeroy in the part, almost her lirst essay of a male character. Her performance then was of a high degree of merit, out not altogether perfect. "By dint of careful study, practice, and the acceptance of a few kindly hints, she has got rid to a great extent of the few faults then noticeable. The unanimous opinion last evening was that, good as she was before, she has improved greatly, and the most captious critic would find it diiii cult to find a peg upon which to hang a com plaint. ller great desire was evidently to render every part with tlie necessary amount of vigor and earnestness, and she succeeded admirably, several of the leading passages Wing rendered in a very superior man ner. In the scenes where Hamlet first ^ecs the Ghost, also in the chamber with his mother and at the grave with Laertes, Miss l'omcroy's declamatory powers were s=hown to be excellent. She had the great advantage over many of her pre decessors in the part that her figure and appearance make her look every inch a Ilamlet. A tendency to be too vehement, pre viously noticeable, has disappeared, while those parts where in her earlier representations she lacked vigor, the deficiency has been supplied. Altogether, Mis3 Pomeroy's efforts were highly successful, ami sinco ahe was hero last, she has shown what an earnest desire to improve can ell'ect. She was enthusiastically received last night, find was called before the curtain after every act. Miss Florrie Lewis made a very pretty and engaging Ophelia, and received a large share of applause. The other character.-s were the samo as on the previous evening. To-night, the twelfth night of the season, " Twelfth Night" will be presented. 