ECHOES FROM ENGLAND. BY SKIDDAW. By this week's mail fall particulars are to hand of the English Waterloo Cap, which was concluded on the 23rd of February last When the cablegram arrived announcing the result I conjectured that Wild Mint, the winner, was a rank outsider. Such tarns oat to have been the case, the price about the bitch being 100 to 1 on the night of draw. Then she appears to have been the recipient of a considerable amount of good luck. Mr. Hornby's Hemisphere was Wild Mint's first opponent, and though ehe led three lengths, stood a chance of being beaten throngh a wide sweep at the turn; but steadied herself tub eeqaently. The second course Wild Mint encountered Phillip's Farm, with odds of 6 tor 4 on her; and they ran a couple of no-goes, the I rish dog showing a pace on both occasions. The final also proved Wild Mint to be the slower greyhound, and she only just won ft short spin with three wrenches and kill, after the dog had run wide of his hare. On the second day the eventual winner first met an Irish puppy, Sut. upon whom odds of 5 to 2 were Laid; but Wild Mint led, and won with out any trouble. The fourth round produced a very poortrial, in which Wild Mint led up on a strong inside, and merely wrenched twice before killing, the Scotch dog Athos never having the ghost of a show. On the Fri day Wild Mint fell against Hotspur, whom she defeated by a very near thing. This left her to fight out the final struggle with Snow flight, last year's winner, on whom odds of 3 to 1 were freely laid. Snowflight led fully half-a dozen lengths; but as ill-lnck would have it the bare went right to the non-favourite, who Btuck well to her game, till she killed, and won the Waterloo Cup. To the last the winner was the least fancied, as will be gathered from the betting when four only remained in, viz., 6 to 4 on Snowflieht, 9 to 2 against Hotepur, 8 to 1 against Waterford, and 10 to 1 against the winner, whilst she was at 63 to 1 after winning two courses. Such is the uncertainty of coursing, and II stands to reason that the backers of Wild Mint would win their money through inability to hedge, the only chance being backing Snow« flight for the deciding course. The finish, by the way, provided some curious coinci I dences, in that Waterford is not only fall brother to Snowflight, but is also the property of Mr. W. Osborne, the owner of Wild Mint The well-known Yorkshire racing man con« sequently filled a couple of nominations, those of Mr. Alexander and Mr. H. Hutchinson. Snowflight ran the sterling good grey hound she is, making her courses as short aa she did last year. It was decidedly cruel luck to lose the second Blue Riband through the wretched deciding course above de« scribed, and the bookmakers no doubt considered themselves wonderfully fortunate, as the success of Snowflight would have let them in for heavy losses, the bitch having started at 15 to 2. Of Hotspur, one of the last four, it may be mentioned that two Melbourne coursers had the offer of him at £200 after dividing the Border Union Pappy Stakes. One of the gentlemen in question subsequently decided to buy at the figure named; bat this reply to' his cablegram was that Me. Lea (of Worcester Sauce celebrity) bad secured the dog. Hot* spar is by Fugitive-Polly, and Us sire aaw the last four in Magnano'e Waterloo Cap, .being defeated by the winner, as was Hotspur by this yeai'a winner. Another coinci dence. Waterford's first opponent was Hornpipe,' who although three weeks gone in whelp to Herrera, once more waa brought out Via old lady, however, had seen her best day, for! ?he lost her second course in the Purse, and retires with a record more remarkable than that of Bab at the Bowster, seeing she had won 67 courses out of 74. The English National Conning Club had nnder consideration, during the Waterloo! Cup week, several important proposed altera* tions of the laws regulating the sport. A committee was appointed to consider th« subject and report to the next meeting, sd thatjit isunnecessary yet to refer to the altera* tiona. Two items, however, may be quoted* one interesting to coursers in Australia. If is all inquiry by the keeper of the Stud Book^ - whether roMgn or colonial grer hounds can be tegfotered. The committee have also been instructed to consider " whether anything can be done to mitigate the inooavenienca occasioned by the present method, ibii increasing proportions of public field iStf, ting." v Imogene, a daughter of Oversown, nowal the stud in Melbourne, won a 24-dog atakel in Lancashire, prior to the Waterloo mr*4-4 *°$he Bedfellow puppies have put the it of any other dog far and away into the er in the old country, during the suson concluded. One won a good sake at meetios M the Otomoua twa J« referred to, and another wu tacce«ehil a* the February Gosforth-park meeting, tbe ranner bp to him beine Melbotwe, an own brother to tfr. Robert Cbirntide'i Melfort. At H»fdock park, moreover, Irene woo a 64 dog et&ke;, fend Fie-fie landed a 32. 