More Ghost Stories. Mu. Hkaphy’s ghost story, published in our last week’s issue, caused considerable interest and discussion on its rccont republication in pamphlet form in London. A correspondent writing to a contemporary says:— I wns much interested in the stovy of Mr, Hcaphy. It puts mo in mind of a circum stance the particulars of which are similarly strange and thoroughly authentic : Nearly a score of years ago, in Australia, I wns a con stant visitor at the house of a gentleman, one of whose daughters was the promised wife of a naval olliccr in Her Majesty’s service, and then stationed on the South American coast. One afternoon M. was seated with her sister in an upper chamber. Suddenly she half rose and gave a violent scream, “ \\\\!hal is the matter?" cried C„ Iter sister. "I saw poorGoorge [her loverj—oh, so plainly. Ho was wringing his hands imploringly, and brushed close to mo as lie passed across the room 1 ” Her sister strove tp calm hoi- agita tion, but M. could not be persuaded that her fears for her lover’s welfare were groundless. Going up to his picture on the wall she wrote the time of day and the date on its hack. Several months elapsed and no news canto to warrant M.’s apprehension, But one morn ing, ns the family were examining letters from the daily post, M. sank back with a bitter cry, and gasped out that her lover had been drowned together with Bevon seamen, three months before, as he wns crossing a harbor bar. Her sister spoke of the coincidence of the apparition in the upper room. Several members of the family hastened up stairs and examined the picture. A comparison was mado, and it was found that tho date on the picture and the date of tho drowning corre sponded exactly, making allowance for the longitudinal difference in time. Another correspondent writes : — Mr. Heaphy's ghost story recalls a story related to me by an eye-witness of the occurrences. Forty years ago a retired barrister purchased a house situated near Hounslow Heath, on the outskirts of London. It dated irom the beginning of the last century, but was in good condition, If had lain vacant for many yeays. For a month after the family’s occu pation every night thoro wo,uld bp hoard the piteous wailing of an infant. The grounds and apartments were searched without finding anything. It was finally decided that the ories proceeded from a window in the library. As the constant wailing was a great source of' annoyance, tho gentleman's wife urged that tho panelling bo torn down and the wall examined, _ Her husband at last yielded. The panelling was stripped away and the wall opened. In a small reccBs, next the window, was found the skeleton of an infant, which, according to the opinions of medical men, must have been there for over half a contury. Tho lady who told me this was prosont, with many others, at tho search, and was the gentleman’s niocc, 