SPORTING. , VICTORIA ' AMATEUR TURF CLUB. ' . ; By Tkdeoraph.1 . : .- "Melbourne,- Saturday. Tho winter meeting of- the above club.was held, at. Caulficld to-day/ and waa most successful in every.' respect. The attendance of the public was largo, nnd < the racing was first-olass.' A large field of 42 started .for the Ladies' Trophy/ and this number has only been -exceeded once. in -the whole' racing history. of England, when 46 horses started for the' Cambridge shire Stakes. Y - i." open steeplechase. A handicap sweepstakes ot 3 aors each, with 100 eovs added. Two miles. A. Taylor's b g Gonoral Jaokson, by Athollng— CcantcivG '"1 .yr>,9Btiyib-- - ..' .. .. M'Gowsn I W; Bailey's cb g VsnUor. O yr3. llBt 31b .. .. Ecoblo 3 R. Jolineonn8:bgNapoloon)6 yrrpOit 131b ... Hant 3 \- Blackthorn (late -Tipporary- Boy), Magic, Alham- bra, "Devilahoof; Mariner, ' Magician (late Magic), Jupiter, Ascot, Gold Top, and Peter also started. Betting : 6 to 4 v.Vaulter, 5 to. 1 each v. Alhambra and NnpolcoD.L ;. i M'Gownn was first away on Gauernl Jackson, at tended by Magic, -Ascot, and Gold Top. The first fence -settled-Ascot, 'who turned a complete somer sault, and Gold Top, raahisg to the front, absumed a i lead " of ' six - lengths. At the sod wall Napoleon had gone -up and was with General Jackeon. Then came" Magio, Blackthorn, and Yanlter.' Rounding the tarn into the straight, Alhambra ran up-fonrth,and the' stand was passed by Gold Top, General Jackson, Alhambra. Na poleon, and Yaulter, in the order named ; Magic and Devilsuoof falling at' the . fence before the Brnsh. Aloug tho far Biue, General Jackson led, Alhambra came next, and . then came Napoleon, Gold Top, Ynnltcr, , nnd Blackthorn,' with Jupiter - last. At the sod wall Gold Top fell,' and the; backers of'Yaulter wero inbilaht,aa Scobie was Been to take, the favonrite to the front, butGeneral Jaekaon would' : not bo denied, and entered the straight running on level terms with tho favourite, whom he beat in the run homo by a length, and a half easily. Napoleon was a good.third. Then came Blackthorn, Alhambra, and Magioian,. Time, -lmin 8Jeec. .I" SELLING RACE, Of 530 eovs. Winnor to be sold for £100 ; celling allowances Five furlongs. ' Rjll'Kinloy nsb f Castaway, 3 yrs, nll,7st 81b „ 8. Davis 1 ; B,: G. Cook's br t Nympb,3 yrs,£35,0st 101b.. Johnston 3 J:' Fatcraon's br b whlspor, S yrs, nil, 8st . . Hughes 3 ; Halifax. Young Bam, Boatman, and Queen 'Eliza- both,, also ran. -Betting: 2 to 1 v. Halifax, 8 to 1 v. Queen Eliza beth, 6 to 1 each v. Castaway and Nymph, : Queen Elizabeth was the first to movo off, followed by Halifax, Whisper, nnd Nymph; but at the sod wall Castaway assumed the commnnd, which he maintained to the end, winning comfortably by a length from Nymph, who was three lengths in front of Whisper. ' Halifax was fourth, another tour lengths away, and then came Queen Elizabeth and Boatman, with YoangSam last. Time, lmin 8)sec. Tho winner was bonght in'for 85 guineas, hurdle race, . ' A handicap sweepstakes of 3 sovs e»ob, wlth J5 sovs added. Uno mile and three-quarters. .. J. O. Inglis's b g Basra, by Stookdale— Kite, S yrs, list -. 81b - .. .. Owner 1 B. Week's bm Triplet, aged, lOst 131b .. .. King 3 J. Gray's cbg Miller, 6 yrs, Set Bib - .. .. U'Donald 3 ' ! Trump 10st 51b, Gambler lOat 41b. Avalanche lOst 41b, Black Prince 9st 121b, Deviishoof 9st ' 121b, Btormbird 9st 71b, and Musidora Set 31b also started.. ; Betting : 8 to 1 v. Triplet. 4 to 1 each v. Musidora and Bnzza, 5 to 1 each v. Miller and Blaok Prince, i Miller and Gambler rnshed to the front at tho fall (of the flag, and negotiated the first . two .hurdles several lengths in front of their , field. This order wae maintained till the straight was reached, whon . Gambler retired, and Blaok Prince moved np second to Miller, closely attcnaea oy Aieviisanor, ; while Buzza was acting aa whipper-in. The Btand was passed with -Miller in -command, Deviishoof, ; Avalanche and Stormbird being his immediate attend ants in order, -and then followed Mnsidora, Bnzza, Triplet and Trump, with Gambler last. Deviishoof now took up tho running, and led to the fnr Bide, where ho was joined by Miller, tho pair racing toge ther for somo distance. Buzza now began to work hia way forward, and had gono up third before reach ing the sod wall, Deviishoof having resigned tho lead to Miller. -Approaching tho straight, ..Deviishoof again assumed the command, and ontored it just ahead of Miller, Bnzza, and Triplet. At the distance, Inglis brought Bnzza with a rush, and ho won by a length . and a half from Triplet, Miller being third, three lengths away from the South Australian maro. DevUBhoof was fourth, and then came MnBidora, Trump, Black Prince, and Avalanche, with Btormbird ana Gambler tho two last. Time, 8min 87sec. . . VICTORIA .GOLD CUP, Value lOOicvs, added te a.iwccpstakea of 5 sovs esoh for starters. A handlosp Btcepleobaso, to bo rlddon by members of.tho V.A.T.O. Two miles. J. O. Bold ns bl g Block Jacket, by Azza Babba— Marinor . mare, 6 yrs, list 71b.. ... .. .. MrO.WUipn. t T. W. Fhilllp s g K Abdolloh. aged, ISst 131b.. Mr Fonder 3 J.O. Ingl s'a b g Verio, nged, list .. — .. Ownor 3 Scotchman list 111b, Gold Top lOst 121b, and Baronet lOst 101b, also started. Betting : 2 to I v. Black Jacket,"_3 to 1 v, Yerlo, 10 to .3 v. Abdullah, 4 to 1 v.' Baronet.' Gold Top, Scotchman, and Yerlo wero quickest away, the first fenco being negotiated by Gold Top just in advance of tho other pair, after whom came - Black Jacket, Abdullah, and Baronet last The same ; order was maintained right round) Gold Top having gono inside a Dost, bnt still continuing tho run ning. , At the wall nnd passing., the . stand, little, alteration was . visible in the . positions ; but at the fence on the hill Baronet foil, and Abdullah went to the front and led Gold Top; Black Jacket, Yerlo, nnd Scotchman in order, the: latter having dropped back last. Oa the hill Biacki Jacket moved np into second place, and closely par-, sued Abdullah to tho stone wall, when he displaced the grey and led into the Btraight by fully ton lengths.' The favonrite then cantered homo and won by three' lcngthB from Abdullah, Yorlo being a good third, and then camo Scotchman and Baronet, who had been re- mounted, while Gold Top again ran round the post- before entering the straight. Time, 4min 53sec, ladies' TROPHY, A handicap for two-yoars-old and' upwards, to bo nominated by ladies. Tbo nominator of tbe winner to receive a bracelet, voice 150 gataeas ; tbo nominates of the second and third horses trophios ot tbe valuo of 16 and 10 guineas respectively. Eix furlongs. ' ; Mrs bnndcrton's oh or ro TbojGbost, by Tregcogle— Ada, 5 yra.Sit lib .. .. Batfcyo I Mrs Glpps's cb g Liddlngton, 3 yrs, Bit Sib .. Power 3 Mrs O. '1'. Whcolci's b o Tramferroa, 3 yra, Ost 01b O'Brien 3 Welcome Jack Ost 121b, Squireen Ost lib, Yerdnre Ost, Wizard 8st 81b, Cassiopia and Wcstbury 8st 7lb, Coorecna 8st 61b, Phantom nndEgorton 8at 51b, Jose phine 8st lib, King Charles 8st, Mameluke 7at 131b, Bar One 7st 121b, Castaway 7st 111b, Forlorn 7st 101b, Tocal 7at 9)b ; whisper, Brcnda, and Glory, 7at 71b ; Yirago and Dnkcdom 7st 61b ; King of the Day, John Peel, nnd Zephyr, 7st Dlb ; Mary 7st -lib, Sir Charles 7st 81b, Mrs Jarloy- 7st 21b. Cscsar nnd Flash of Lightning 6st lib, Nymph and Joan Ost 111b, Qaecn Elizabeth and Sinking Fund 6st 101b ; Her Majesty, Tichbournc, and Yellowliammer, Get 81b ; L'Africainc and Miiparfnka Cst 71b, also ran. Dettiug ; o to i v. itgcrtou, o to i y. a no u-uosc, ia to 1 each v. Transferred," Forlorn, Liddington, and Yerdure. The flag fell to a very struggling start, of which Dukedom gained fully two lengths tho advantage, while Tichbournc waB left at tno post. Dukedom carried on tbe rnnning well nttended by Mameluke and Transferred, who just headed the others in a cluster until entering the straight, when Transferred shot to the front. As they neared the distance, however, Battye brought The Ghost with a great run on the outside, and lie won rather easily by three lengths from Liddington, who was about the same distance in front of Transferred, whilo Tichbonrne was last ail the way. Time, lmin 2IJ3CC, 