How a Czar is Crowned. Kbom ft Russian sourcc the description may be taken as follows of how Cears are manu factured The great ceremony line always been per formed in the Church of the Holy Assumption, within the wills of the Kremlin at Moscow. The great Kremlin is an octagon plot of ground of many acre? on a high elevation, surrounded by high walls and fortifications, and contains four Crown palaces, three cathe drals, the head-quarters of the Imperial Guard?, the Governor's residence, a university, and a number of monasteries and nunneries. The appearance of the Kremlin is very strik ing, n« the walls are white, the fortifications cmei-ald green, the entrances rose-tinted, and the roofs of the cathedrals gilded, Ihe whole forming a wonderful combination. The coro nation procession begins to form at the cavalry barracks, four miles distant from the Kremlin. Early in the day appointed for the cere mony sixty herald^, mounted on crcam coloured horses and commanded by a master 1 of coreraonipw, appear l>efore the gates of the bnrrncks and blow a palvo, upon which the colonel nf the regiment appears and axks what tliev want of him. "The Cfcar com* umii'lK thee follow mc," is the answer, and the gntes are thrown open and the regiment, which has been expecting the summons, gallops out and follows the heralds. The heralds then proceed to the barracks of the Lnncciv, where the same thing takes place, then to the ttniircmfly, then to the cathedral of 8t Nicholas, whore the clergy join the pro fession. then (o the head-quarters of the marshals of the uobility, the staff officers, the several professions, the governors, the pre fc :te, the deputations from eveiy part of the empire, the tiadc guilds, &c.;, each body join* ing nt n fcpnra'e place, and all being sum moned by the herald*, as in the first case. The profession goes on swelling until it roachcs enormous proportions, so much bo that when the head of it arrive at the Kremlin the tail is still nt the other end of the town. Arriving nt St. Demetrius gate they find it closed. The heralds then blow their trumpets, and the cotnmnndcr of the citadel nppuars and demands whnt they want, to which the crowd replies, "The Csiir." 44 And what for ?M asks the commander, " To crown him the most powerful of the power* ful," is the reply, and the gate* fly open. The Metropolitans of Moscow, Kazan, Novgorod, and KfcfT here head the procession, and, with the deputations fiom every part of the Empire, they advance to the palace aaH form in front of it. These deputations corairt W Bunsmns. Roumanians, Eirghif. Gbmwe, Mingrelions, Bashkirs, Poles, Taricomanft Tartars. Esquimaux, Afghans, Bulgarians, Laplanders, Mongolians, Finns, Persians, ana BakUariaus, all in their respective national costumes. The Metropolitans then advance and call upon the Cnai to come forward, upon which he appears at the portico, dressed to the uniform of a Colonel of the Imperial Guard, with the Empress, dnssed as a Bus sian peasant, on his arm. The instant ti« deputations are aware of the Imperial pre sence U«ey knee), and being asked by theCrar what they want of him, the Metropolitan of Voscow replies that they have been Bent from far and wide to tee their Czar annotated, so that 'hey can return to their homes and lhoiwho sent them that the Cm is mayotefnKthtnlThen^ Bte^af the Car and his -fWEESS: rid.lv embmirterc,! in fid the .principal &wx;?t«»Wsss as armchair for the Empress, « ^ a^We ^p°n which are the sceptre and of tinua WonomacUuB, ft sword ana manue 01 I £'Std0^ NSssSSisSf^ The Whop Bext I ^uThere be and of you ^C^aX ing any impediment for which Atemnoeij r"Tir,!.0: SIS Ttii&iS;: sf K"*ASSb"' 3 fSi' S£5 3E^^-S§ srCii'A'WBSSssj Viatka of Bulgaria, and of otter countries* Master and Grand Dute of the I/>werConn tries of Novgorod, °fTcheniigoff, ofll^n, * Prtirttaic of Rostoff. of JaropiaJf. ot . l 0f oudork of Obdorsk, of Kondisbtof TH&koflhSnS;, and of all thecounrtw * tiiA tfnrih " Master Absolute of IvcrsVj of toardinsk, and of the territory SCetlalKgnof MounUinPnn^ nf Tcherkask; Master of Turkestan, Heir Presumptive of Norway, and Duke wick-Holstein, of Storroarne, of Dithmarw, and of Oldenburg, let him * 7n the name of the Holy Tnmty, and show ' what the impediment is* or ^ *"m dUM»h repeated three times, and upon no ,assfisjsttsisa!g; 1 and throws it over the kneeling !SLl E^HSSSSdSfiiS Bishop of Kieff ptaora we ^ ^ &mpMSS; llSSSgira? without, however, placing it uponl wwnneau. mL. rvnr and Cearina remain in prayer tor s^-ssjffiSaS nobles, deputations, clergy, all presenj wi-SrrSB sands who are ouisiae, .. their trumpets, guns are fired, mmT ** The Cfar commands the people w ti«! and is again eurrourded by the nobles, who receive their swords back from the 2*.src x%»». hidinff him from view. Here, afier part** ine of the Holy Commnnion the Metropolitan of Moseow anoint his head, temples, eyd.<4<>, lios nostrils, ears breast, and hands saying . "Sebold the seal of the Holy Ghost, nayJt keep See ever holy." ThegaUaof the Ieono surint are re-opencd, the Cm appeal'before Cm and is bailed with shouts of "Thou art verily by the Lord anointed." The Empress irivanri to the sanctuary and kneels to her lord, who bids her rise, and they walk out of the cathedral arm in arm. At thedoor ai gilded chariot drawn by twelve white horses, tato which they enter, the princess, other membere of the Imperial family, monarchs, guests, &c..; entering other State . chariots. The procession again forms as it did on approaching the Kremlin. ao^i its new additions, moves slowly through the gaily-decorated town. According to an old custom, the Cear's carnage, instead ofbei^g »Sed bv troops, is surrounded by 100 maidens belonging to the best Russian J®®"* lies, all dressed in white and holiday garlands «f flowers. Court balls and receptions begm in the evening and last for ft fortnight, after which the Court returns to St. Petersburg. THE Timet is of opinion that England should not undertake the personal charge of New Guinea, and advises all the colonies of Australia to jointly annex and administer law in New Guinea, instead of Queensland alone. The Kem says Black eyes are becoming fashionable among the mule sex in Mary borough. We have noticed several fine speci mens lately. There must be some uncom monly bad "best brands" about. Two new townshipB have recently been surveyed near Herberton, respectively named " Musgrave" and " Glenelg." For Coughs and Colds use IBWIK's Cough Mixture. It is an unfailing remedy ; suits all ages ; prevents and cureB Croup.-[AD.] THE traffic increase oil the railways for the week nre as followsSouthern it Western, £282: Central, £48!); Northern, £516 ; Bunriaberg, £7 ; Maryborough, £72. B.R.C. Sweep.-Those desirous of having a chance for the £200 in the " big monev" had better secure a ticket in the Tattersall's Con sultation, particulars of which will be found on our supplementary page. We bear there is every probability of the sweep filling. The Late Banquet at Roma. -Kir Thomas Mcllwraith, when at Roma, stated In refer ence to the Coolie question that the Mtniriry had gone steadily forward. He said that the class of labor required for sugar growing would never be supplied from Europe. He found thatnll classes of laboring men rejected the idea of working on the northern sugar plantations. THE most flattering tribute to the merits of Udolpho Wolfe's Bchiedaru Amniotic Bchnapps is to be found ill the fact that, although repeatedly pirated, and often imitated, nothing has ever been produced that even simulates this matclilcsi rcparatictt. All the adulterated compounds and noxious nostrums, the diluted cordials and sickly elixirs that have been foisted on the public, bear no more the shadow of a romblaiice to thtB excelling iuvigoraut than the strongest artificial light to the great luminal}' of tiie day. 