Facts and Pancies. A freeze show-Ice cream. The greatest composer-Sleep. Financiering vowels-I. O. TJ. Out on a fly-The insect's wings. The hire-class-All sorts of labourers. Checkers is looked upon as a square game. The sarment of a ghost must be a spirit 'rapper. Ladies, a piece of advice-Never send your letters by male. A fiery novel is light reading. Appetite originated in Hungary. Money is the great enigma of the age. Everybody is compelled to give it up. Should music be sold by the chord ? Drum music should be sold by the pound. A trade paper called " The Corset," is talked of. It will, no doubt, " come to stay." Many women are spoken of as angels, and Mrs. Noah must have been an ark-angel. -..?'-> The project of raising the lost steamer Cimbria, has been abandoned for diverse reasons. The best way to get a man "on a string" is to touch some tender chord in his bosom. Many a man who thinks himself a person of noté is . not so far out of the way. He may be a natural or a flat. I Carpenters who refashion old dry goods boxea I should be called " circumstances," because thoy alter oases. I Whan a person writes a poem to kill time, he may be pretty sure that time will have its rovenge and ki.1 the poem. " Montmorenoi ia & fine actor,", said Brown. " Yes," replied Fogg, " he is what you might call a super-fine actor." To thoso who inveßt in real estate and buy lots on long payments, it seems yearly more plain that Mort gage is Lot's wife. ir. ia nnnn lovlt, ï r.*rrf¿ 4-V.r.4- <</"<mcioi> V»nt>af Tita mighty heart," Sut it is plain to the careful observer that he died of Brute force. An exchange says it is now fashionable to introduoo some element of tho antique into every dross. Whatl ' aro old mai ls beooming tho rage P There is no difforonoe between a well-limbed tramp and a well-trimmed lamp when a oyolono makes.ita appearance, for they both liarht out. ".You said, Mr. Jones, your umbrella had a straight handle P" " I thought it did, but sinco it vanished I am quite certain it ended with a hook." " Asthat your doe, Mr. TriggP" " Yes, sir, that's ? mydog." "Is he a setter?" "He's of that type, , yes; air." " Oh ! then he's a type-aetter." " I get an inkling of your theught," said tho re treating book agent, and he neatly dodged tho flying bottle of writing fluid as ho made for the door. ' He rang the door bell of a banker. The servant v tells him "Monsieur does not receive to-day." ¡ " That makoa nothing to me. My raokot is to know if he will give anything." . " I'm sor ry to keep you waiting for your money," said the bank teller to Smithers, "but hero's tho money all in yellow boya." "Never mind,'Vsaid ?áíidtüera, "I see, 'tia worth the wait in gold. A Milton man who a few wooka ago kindly offered to share hia bod and board with an impeounious ac quaintance aomewhat addicted to intemperance, saya ne is suffering from an attack ot room-mate-ism. " How many lies," said a despairing Pittsburgh mother to her little girl " haa your imp of a brother, i prompted you to tell me this morning?" And tho s m all maiden, who had lied twice, Btuinmerod out ¡ " Imp-proinp-tu." I An East End gentleman takes no interest whatovor in the prevailing dog show. He says ho has ono of i his own at home. His wife has a tempor, and ho and I the ohildren rarely paBs a day without an exhibition of " Ma's 'tiffsí" ' " How is your brother P " asked Mr. Grumper of a friend. " Oh, so-so. Hie health is not any too good, and ho has been bothered a great deal of late with spinal meningitis." "Spinal who?" "Meningitis." " Well, why. don't ho shoot the Italian son of a gun?" ' In the sohool of C-, Aberdeenshire, ono day a dull boy was making hia way to tho maaterforthe third time with an arithmetical quostion. The teaohor, a little annoyed, exclaimed, "Come, come, John, what's the matter now?" "leanna get ma , questin rieht," said the boy. "What's wrong with it thia time?" "I'vo-gotten auchteenponco ower muoklo."' "Never min," said a smart boy in a loud whisper (with a sly glanco at tho master), " keop it tao yersel', Jock." ¡In the littlo town of S--n a drouthy chiol waa making his way home ono dark night tho worso of drink. Losing his balance, he fell headlong into tho gutter that ran along tho side of tho houses. Whilo lying in that position, a woman came out of ono of I tho doors with a waBhing-tub full of soap suds, and, I not seeing tho man lying, emptied tho tub in tho gutter. The soap suds ran around tho man's hoad and ears, and into hia mouth, when ho was hoard spluttering out, "For gudenoss sake ! chaps, chango tho drink-chango tho drink, or I'm a waster." A country Bquiro, walking through ono of hi3 woods, meets a labouring man just getting ovor the gate at tho entrance to the wood. On a troo which over-, shadowed the gate is a board on whioh ia written,' "No path." "Can you read?" says the "squiro to tho man. "Ya'aa ; whero do you s'poBe I was born and bred, if I can't read?" "Well, as you can road, will you be so good aa to tell mo what you see written there?" " What I sees written up there? Why, I Bees an infernal great lie. It says 'no path,' and hang me if there isn't as good a path as ever I seed wide eno' for you and mo to walk on at tho same time." Landlord, confounded, walks off without saying any more. The whole fishing viUago (Stornoway)-to borrow a phrase from one of themaelvos-seemed "indulg ing in dirt." The horring-fiahers bad enough; the women curers woree, if poaaible. They brought to my mind the predicament of an Edinburgh clergy man (always particularly neat and trim in his own attire), when an applicant for marriage presented himself in -tho most disgusting figuro that ever darkened" his study door. "When ia it to take:' place?" "Directly, sir." "You mean aftor you have cleaned youraelf?" (Looking down at himself with evident satisfaction). " Ooh, I'm weel enough." " Yon couldn't bo married in auoh a dirty state." " Me dirty 1 What if you saw, hir ,P" Henry F--, the popular comedian, once happened to spend a weok at one of the Scotch watering places> and during his stay he made the acquaintance of Jack Gordon, an old sailor, who kept pleasure boats for hire. Ono morning Henry and a few friends walked down to Jack's yard to engage a boat for tho after noon. Having arranged the matter, Henry asked Jack to favour the party with one of his amusing stories. " Na, na," replied Jack, "I've nae time tho noo." Henry then began to plead and coax, but Jack only grew exasperated, and testily exclaimed, "Be off ; darnyer imperenoe." Whereupon Henry, with a twinkle in his eye, quietly returned, "Can't', old man, till you Bpin us tho yarn." They got tho story. 