THE STBOME FEBBY MEX There are few readers of mother country news who will not be pleased to bear that the Government have smuggled back to their homes the ten Strome ferry men after a detention of two months' iu prison, and each man is to bs presented with £50 collected for them by their sympathisers. No papers took up the cause of these poor ignorant simpleminded men more warmly than the Liberal papers most opposed to their taking the law in their own hands to prevent what they considered the desecration of the Sabbath, aud a clear violation of the law of the land. The Echo says:—" Their offence was a demonstration against what seemed to their simple minds the iniquity of Sunday traffic—a demonstration that unfortunately took violent shape, and filled a peaceful Bossshireglen with unseemly brawling. Their souls had long been troubled with the snort of the steamer in Lochcarron, and the shrill whistle of the engine that sped along to Dingwall with its Sunday load of fish waggons; and at last the time came when they could keep silent no longer, and with the sternness of Balfour of Barley, went out to crush the nnholy tiling. They knew nothing of the power of the law, for little law will serve the remote parishes of Bossshire, and instead of crushing Sunday traffic they find they have crushed themselves. The comments on this subject that have found their way into the English press have C been altogether adverse to the fishermen. It has been said that their Sabbatarian intoler ance is carried beyond tbe boundB-of human patience; that their prejudices hang like millstones around their necks, keeping them half a century behind the rest of the world; that some form of eduoation is necessary, and that the sentence of six monthB' imprisonment serves them right. We are forced to agree with much of this." But, then, the Beho goes on to show that these men were imbued with the spirit of tbe old Covenanters, and puts all the blame on their teachers; for, "from every pulpit of the West the word had gone out that 6nn day must be kept a day, not of rest, but of stem and repellent gloom. Not in churches alone, but in schoolrooms and cottages, on hill-sides at communion time, and in barns at the catechising; by mis. sionaries, deacons, schoolmasters, and Bible' women, the principle of uncompromising Sabbatarianism had been pronounced. The simple fishermen aad crofters were taught that the railway was the road to hell; that those who worked the trains wore the devil's servants, &c.; Who can wonder, then, that there was rioting at Strome Ferry? WaB it the fault of ten men pent within unfriendly walls underneath the Carlton Hill? It would be harsh to say it was. They, poor creatures blinded by their stupid fervor, and filled with the silly belief that they were ministering to the glory of God, simply acted the violence their leaders spoke. They were fanatics, sure enough, but they were made fanatics by those who should have known better—by those whose duty it was to wean them from all such antiquated .prejudices as would liiader their national development, and teach them to look kindly at the world in the light of modern requirements. . . These are harsh words to speak to the re ligious teachers, bnt they are truth. Where will you go for long faces and the rigidity of righteousness that repels? To the Highlands. H'linra Where must mncf. you vffli go 0n to l/l meet tnMih sour DDIIT • austerity, nufornT\r with savage sternness of demeanor, with agonising Sundays, and week days seldom irradiated by the evidence of kindly impulses ? To such places as Lochcarron, where the names of tbe imprisoned fishermen are written on every heart. It would be better to read a lesson of liberality to those who prompted the riots than to those who carried them out." Such was the purport of the leading Liberal papers; but in spite of the pressure brought to bear on the Home Secretary, the great £ s. d. interest, on which our jurisprudence is actually based, was so strong that it WAS two months before he consented to allow the Strome ferry rioters to be liberated. And, yet, surely Parliament Itself is not blameless in the matter? Tome the case stands as Dr C. B. Clark, of London, pnts it in a letter to the Northern Ensign:— " The law, both common and statute, pro- hibits trading. A powerful trading company disregards the law. When some of the citizens constituted themselves into private companies to prevent this breach of the law, the authorities aided and abetted the company in their illegal practices, and the men who tried to prevent tbe law from being infringed have been eent to .prison." The proper course for Parliament to pursue is to make the letter agree with the spirit of the taw. If a law has become obselete it should be removed off the statute book. If for instance highway robbery ceases to be looked at as criminal, the people should be made to know that Parliament has legalised it, which wtmld prevent many well- meaning men from setting into trouble by rushing to the rescue of persons undergoing highway robbery. The Strome ferry men were fanatics, but I they considered that as law-abiding men they had-as much right to constitute themselves special constables to prevent the b illegal desecration of the Sabbath as to' m prevent one man from murdering another. Fanatics the men undoubtedly are, bnt they are fanatics who win my respect, for their t miedirected Zealand energy aimed *t doing g at any cost what they had been taught to consider, right and lawful. Poor men, it is their misfortune it, in the words of Lord Bacon, they have been tanghtto ''bring down the Holy Ghost in the form of a vulture or a raven instead of in the likeness of a dove; and to hang from the barque of aChnstian pbnrch tha fla| of a-barque of pxratea and assassins. b i p c l 