RAILWAY MANAGEMENT. TO THE EDITOR. Sir—As ft subscriber and reader of your valuable, isaues I have often read letters and leaders commenting on the bad management, or alleged bad management, of our railways, but have never scan any of your i.-orresfiondents taking up the other side or upholding the management. Now, to an observant mind this seems strange, an ! to them a solution of this query would prove interesting. One would have thought that tuch ft convenient time-table as at present in force on tbe Port line, wli^rc one has the pleasure of studying for a few minutes a railway guide prior to catching a train, would afford pleasure to some, and that being half an hour or so late in reaching Alugate every train last Saturday, and twenty or twenty-live minutes behind time on the 11.train on Port line last Saturday, or the Port passengers missing their train through the Nairne train having to wait to cool hot axles, or wait the convenience of a shunting engine blocking passenger line, or an English engine on r«airne line being unable to keep sufficient steam to reach (sixteen-mile siding (of courac if it was a Yankee engine people could understand this latter), and several other minor mattei's which one would think should stir up some of your correspondents to cnloguc our railway management. Arc railways in other countries better managed than our own that your correspondent should think that to praise our management would be committing a great error of judinnent? As one who Ukes to sec fair play I don't think it right that every one should run down our railway management {Register included). The writer thinks, and a good raaay share his opiniou. that our o/ficials are to be highly commeudca for the excellent mimgement displayed in respect to punctuality, convenience of public, aud tact in getting over blocks in goodtt traffic. In conclusion, Mr. Editor. I trust you will give me the opportunity oi placing on record my thanks to the said authorities. I was nearly forgetting to add that the public do not even appreoiaU the wisdom of running an empty traiu for Aldgatc at 6.40 (evening), and have the effrontery to suggest that a train leaving at C.55 would suit them better, remarking that it could then cross tho 7 train from Aldgate at Blackwood, they having the temerity to mention the crossing-place m case the officials might not think how it could be managed without disturbing present trains. But then the railway people can't please every one, and they would he going out of their way if they tried. Let tbem wait until the holidays are over before growling again. Again thanking our officials for their excellent management, and you, Mr. Editor, for kindly permitting this to appear, lam, Sir, &c.;, Blackwood. UNO. ST. ANDREW'S YOUNG MEN'H SoriEiv.—On Friday cvenine, December 14, the members of St. Andrew s Young Men's Society celebrated the closc of this session or their meetings by giving one of Dickens's 4 Christmas Carols"—a ghost story. The .arol is divided into four "staves" in the new edition, but into five in the old one, and on Friday the last was was divided so SB to make five of it. Mr. F. Stevens read the first, " Marley's Ghost," and the latter portion of No. 4 ; Mr. J. Johnson, iuu., the second, " The First of the Sjiirits " Mr. F. M. Kdwards the third, *• The Second of the Spirits;" and Mr. J. M. Anderton the fourth stave, "The Last of the Spirits." All these gentlemen read with marked precision and delighted the audience. During the evening the Misses Kerr, Martin, and Col Ion, and Mesfirs. Kerr and Wallis contributed songs and instrumental music. 