SATURDAY, FEB. 24th,155883. TIi? general elections are over and have resulted in the general clearing of the political atmosphere. Those who have been returned, in the great majority of instances, are definitely either with the Constitutional of Radi cal parties. We think it will 1e found that there is a slight balance in favor of Constitutionalists. Thirty-four of those returned stood as Constitutional ists, thirty-four as Liberals or moder ates, and eighteen as supporters of the Ministry. Out of these latter we think it will be found that ten or eleven will side with the Constitutionalists, and the remainder take to the Radical cor ner froml wihence they caule. Fromll the Ialance of the parties, it is evident that the only strong Government that can hlie formed is a coalition one. Thei absence of Sir .1. O'Shannassy will ren der this c:onsmnmation comiparatively easy, as his defeat has removed the great harrier Ibetween the mlore iloller ate leaders of each side. There will be a line lield to pick from, though on that elry account considerable dilli culty may lie experienced in allotting the various oflices. By a judicious selection, lhowever, apowerful ministry should lie formed, which would com maund respect from all parts of the house, and hlie alble to carry wise, libe ral, andi progressive ileasiures hy large mtajorities. It may be safely said that there is not a member of the new assembllllly of any prominence or influ ence who is opposed to liberal or pro gressive measures. Scarce one to whoml the old title of Conservative could be appropriately applied, and few over wlhom religious or petty party mlotives would exercise any great in lltnuence. Under these circumstances membnllers will have every opportunity of devoting their time and energies to r practical legislation, and the settling of \- the few remailniig debatable questions which parliament has to decide upon. eThe results have shown that absolutely jnothing is to be feared in eomndetion e with the Education Act, and that an overwhelming nmajority of the peolple of this colony is still in favor of tihe Shoest piece of legislation on the Vic r torian statute hooks. Soime of the re t turns are exceedingly curious and well Ywortll a careful study. Mr. Coppinl, zinotwithstanding the opposition of the Age and Argus, headed the poll in SEast Melbourne. Iln Carlton 31r. Gardiner exceeded all expectations, andl 11 Mr. levers, a very popular local iman, lost his.£50. IJ Richmond two Conl stitutionalists headed the poll, whilst in Collingwood iand IFitzroy two Libe rals in each instance were returned. l- West BIourke, a Liberal headed the n poll, a Constitutionalist was second whilst the Premier suslainel a defeat. Mr. MI. II. Daviesput 3r. Carter-the g representative of the Licensed Victual e lers-out. Professor Pearrso went, in lby only 32 at East Bourke, and Gra Izua lierry only escaped Iy .IS votes, s his two radical colleagues being far be r hiil. Messrs. Service and Patterson succeeded at Castlemaine, and l essrs. r billies and Shackell in Rodney, tihe .- radical candidates not having a ghost o of a show. Perhaps the most singular Sinstancle is landlluiralg, wllhere colm plete revulsion of feeling scents to have or set ill. O the last occasion Lilerlls s, securod all the seats. On this occasion e a Constitutionalist heads the list, Mr. II M'Coll comes seeonlld, and al indepen ,e dent manu third. lr. t'Coll unloublt SIedly seculred his position through his if cforts to secure irrigation for the nortlhern plains, so that putting hlim aside, tihe razlical feelizng exhlliits a \- most marked decline. In Sandllhurst n the saune state can he detected, and it is alhost a certainty that if a third SConstittitional candidate had stood lie i, would have been elected. In Fitzroy the result was certainly a surprise even to tlhe iost s uguille of raldicals. Few thought that Mi. Blackett wouhl be . further dlown than the second place, n whilst maIy electors aserihed him lirst iposition. That he wouhl lie so far Ibe Shinll Mr. Reid we imzay safely sy, ino one expected, anud the elation of M3essrs. SIReid and Tuckeirs supporters, when Stile unexpectedl result was annoulollced, iwas great inllcdeel. 31r. l[olden also . polled considerably lower than most e people expected, although lie has had to contend with most unfair tactics on a the part of his opponents. They used id the Catholic vote as a lhandle againlst *k him, but the result shows that this vote °0 can only have played a small part i, I the contest. That the assertion in Ii jured M[r HIolden's chances, however, t. there can be no douit. VWe are sorry '1 indeed to see M[r. Blhackett unsuccess ful, as we know tlhe electors have lost 1\. a good and hardl-working representar e- tive, and we canll only trust that ano ther opportunity will see him hack in Parliamiet. The elements which de cided the election can easily be ascer tainedl. In the lilrst place we consider that many of M3r. llackett's friends have exhlibited a carelessness andl laxity which, prizmarily, is the cause of his a defeat. Then the solid vote of factory hands, and operatives, have generally been cast against himl, and these ilte ) rests have oi this occasion beeni fatal Eto hiziz. In St. Mlark's anld North Fitzroy divisiois, inearly all tlz lalozr u ilg portion of tile eonuzzunzity hIa\ie their houmcs, azd these at z generlis Selection go for those who hold out tlz: izlost enticingl hopes of inaterial gail anld protection of their iiteresto. Well, swe expect tllhat hulanity always will be governed biy a reganrd for personal and inuzzediate gain irrespective of all wider coilsideratiois, so that there is no use eavilling at the result One ething is certaili, Ihowever, that Fitzroy elhas linade no gain 1by thle cliange, and we question very inuch whether, before another election day, it will not lie re grettied. We\cian only trust that the U. 'roises azul pldges givci hly thle sue cessful candidates dluring tllheir candi ilature will Ie. fulliled, as then the future disappioiintlmnzt at their selep tion, will he taken off their shoulders. o We want to see Fitzroy and tile colony progress, and though we consider that progress would have been better en- 1 trusted to other hands, still as Messrs. Reid and Tucker are in, we hope they t will obtain for this city the attention its importance merits. Ir has often been remarked, and with good reason, that small coummittees are t far more likely to get through their work esla*ditiously tha:n a lage un wieldy blodly will do. W\\\e have a: very good illustration of this position in the I Eight Hlouts' Ilenlonstration Commit- I tee established for the purpose of per fecting the arrangemlents for holding a grnld demonssrttion oil tile 21st April. This committee is composed of representatives, or rather delegates froml each of the Trades Unions work- 1 ing under the Eight Ileurs' System,s and it is but just to tlihemi to say that they bring too he diseluarge of their duty a zeal and ability which does t credit to themselves individually, and f to the Unions they represelnt. jut it must Ile olbvious to the lluost casual ob server that a Iiiuch sa ller commiIuIittee would answer all the purposes requlired. It surely toeis not leeld almost us many h represintativi.s as the colony of Vie toria sends into Parliaicent to make ti armmugelents for having a processionI und carrying outa lrOglmranune of sports f on a given day. The elleect of the pre- I sent systelu is to prolong iliscussion aud to invest -very trivill matter cool ing before the conmuittee with undue importance. Each society sends in as a rule its chief orators, and thus theil commiittee consists ,of anll aseiumblage of the best speakers to be foulld uillolngst the working classes of the colony, which is saying a good deil. It can not he es1ected that these gentlemen t will allow businiess to piroceed without using their eloquence upon every topic, i and once the hall is set rolling eunlua-h tion alone is quite suflicient to keep up a discllssiol. tllhat at tilues aullllles anll animated anll l evCen ang:Lry toe, requir ing all tile tirmness that the president t is anpable of to keep it ill check. Tice ex?t'r'ienlces of a recenlt Imeeting of thelt comnlittee fully hear out these remarks. 1 There are sevetda ways out of tile dilili culty. Fewer delle-ates could be sent froim the sullordinate bodies, and small societies of a kindred nature -could uiitedll senll in one only. A consi derab?le reduction in the number of delegates could thus be tniade with very great advantage. Another itie thod that iight lie adopted in future wiouhl lie for the Trades i tall Comnnit tee, a boldy alrcady composed of re- a presentatives from eacli society, to ap- ti point l Silb-comnlittee of seome half lbzisn tUnerllltis till carry out tilhe iie cesstary arrangement:. We commend s these suggestions to, the cireful coisi dettiou of tilhe various Trades Unions throughout the colony. WrE can scarce understand the dilatori ness displayed by the Fitzroy Council v in danaling with the loau question. Other iunicipalities that cmilue into the ield long after tlhe su.ibject hadl bee well tleveloped here, have tho roughly discusstid their planm, sublit- ? tell thell t te lratepayers, floatedl their loans, and are nosw workilig on thie money. Her'., in Fitzroy, whlieri perhalpls the wonvey is more urgeutly I lrequiredl than in eithler of the other tilsttances, the lioal is allowecd to lan guish. We have, since we couldl see no other popular method of raisinug the mloliney, repleatedly uIrged til;he lalt ter oil, uldl limust certiinly give credlit to the prmlllotetrs of the loan scheme for the munnelluu r iii which the initia tory diliculties were overcomie and the loan advaunced. The councillors have tulait lously declaredl for It, glnd still they allow it to hang tire. As far f as we lcIn li:urn the dillficulty at lresent arises fromU stlie dl-tails in the sinhe lute and pla~us. lBut surely a general schelmeU t c:us decided on at once. to comiply with the requiremenllts of the act, aull then details cals lie easily settled afterwailts. WeI should at olce p-lace iurselvcs ill thI" posi tionl thalt we - take aditlt:uage of anliy slalekeiing of the mimliiey iimarket. hIy the tine th.at all thei legal steps have liveli taken, theii yiear will he well advancedl, the winter will he upon us, auldl possibly, money ailythiig hut free. Of coiiurs-e, ill such a case tile simple sexpedient is to defer horrorsing till it cil be donel to advilllntalge. Oin the other handl the general prospe rity of the colony and the lsabsenlce of sp?culitive investiuents lmay create a demand for sure openings for capital, for which low rates will hle accepted. Froiim any aspect, therefore, there is nIothling to lose by heing early in the field, whilst by lelay, goodl cl'eulces may be alsolutely lost altogether: We certainly think that whlere uunanimlity on the gelleral ileostioli exists, as in this illstlance, considerably illore speed mighlit le displayedl. and as a deal of time must inevitably be lost in testing the views of the ratepayers, we trust to see the loan taken upl with energy again, and pushed to a coestlusiol at once. There is not tile slightest chance of ally alteration bleitg muade ill the lair, so as to conlfer greater privileges on lorrowing uuunicipali tils, for sollme COllsiderobl tiiLie, so that no regret lieed hie felt on this score. It ias bieen slhown tlht we ca?li borros to adlait?uge evesi ulnder the iprcseut systelll, uiidl thel sooner the Counucil floats the lo:al, tile ietter will we, ail we feel slrLe, thie citizels also, le plweas-l. iA gr-ss trv.htic oi jhutice was pehrpitCtcd at yiydale a fel dailysiago, to which too great puiilicity cllllot le given. lromi -huat weu lllll. it iccliti that itwu lails left Melkounie aniii travelleil to Lilydalh', where ii the e'enihig tlhev eilterc potto plot an11 tiot tell peoistocs whil tlhcy cookeil anll ate for slpper. They dlepartel eatrly il the mornh lin ithot it itiilg tihe ti'e iwhith thley Ilm, lit eiitirely out. Thim colliilg to the kuniclaige of the Iseal coi etalile lie pll.etldl thieli foii iiilee. cillhlit tlieii nailll lillghlt thieii loaok to Lilydlaei hietrl thley werelleols;itiihlls e two lsIol luliniesi.ric . Ou thIl chlrge sf stcolng this 1sutihtolu they wnece tierl ii \iiti thli optioul of a umonths' ilprisonmenlit, and on thle charge of leaving a lire uieellcetechtl one monoth witllout the option of a fine-the a latter an illegal decisioa. They are now in r 'Pentridge associating with crininals and S working ont their selteuce. The names of c thie magistrates we have leen unable to as- a certain, bat whoever they were they deserve n to be ostracised foran ac?t which we coul hl acarce conceive two Ienr in this day capale c of. It is a most unlikely thin' that two youths wnold be acquainted with the law ci regalring lires, whilst it is not a very as tonishiilg thing that two friendless lads in a strange place shoull try to Iprovide them selves with falnt. ''The dalllage donle was ionnateraalAne;ta r[eprimas l or at nost a light line woulldhllave met erer"y elresld of justice. At one of 'Mtr. Reid's Ietings lhe Iero eeeisl to do hlli. utmost to plrllusre anll- I tension of tlhe por ?rs of ilagistrtdes. We pray that le will stay his hand till thle ene- 1 its of the Etducantion Act becomne a little s morn aplerenrt, and till the list of justicesJ Ilas bcn conlsiderably lpurged ull llitellde Oar g'eat unpalid have alrady mlore power prdulohly thaln their peers il any counttr-y, andl whilst thley use-or rather listse andlll alose it. as is the rase almost every week, a s decrease of power rather thlln all extension, t is what is wanted. Itl the case rferrel to abve, we traust that somle aetion willhe Ie takenr to have te rthe tence set aside, alike t fur the credit of the people, and the reputa tion of our uIagistlray. \-- t emasll-po is again giving trouble ill A olId collonists association has Ieen frnlecdl in Adelaidec The work of lfxileg the new Ioilelrs into the t'crlorus is leineg eapidly pushed on. Mt-rs-r. King and l'csaney are ill tihe field for the North \earra IProvince of the Upper t Ilouse. .\ \'oulteer review is to Ie heldl at cllclsr - clill'ff Easter '.londay. the site lhas eot yet beell elito-11. Sir lenryl 'iarkes is t? lllilleg tile North ene lportions of New Soaitll Wales with con sidler?,le succses. ''he tailoress?e- strike is ahnlst at a:u end, c alnd tley have slneecedeil ill gaiceiing the ill creasel pay deli nslleid.ll. Ace leternatrial F'ir will ise hel at lccstcr ice the elxilcithien buieling it aid of the buildling felld of St. P'atricks Cathledral. Mr. \V. Ilarrisol was lpresetedl by the ellenlers of the Iryal liritannia Ldge, 1.0.O.P., with a service of plate, ill ireeo cnitionl of his services to tihe lodge. Otily one dlank anld disorderly at Colling wodn tlle challlre hllet, yeternlar : a very t extlmlordliar but dlesirnlhle state of alfair on the eday after a gerlelCl election. .As we stated ill our last issue the coal rarterrsst?ri?t Ies har eered ife the meeen recleeee Il foolishily glIce .ll strike being very glad lto Ie takene on again at the slane lsoney as lefu e. tl'he All Neations IFancy Fair in aitl of St. Peter mad St. Ial's Church will hce opetled it tile IlnEerald Hilloe Towl Iliall tlls after oonl Choirce coccrt progrunae eachcr cvenillllg. The Fitzroy Temperance Fire Brigade were present at tihe lire which Iroke out on tihe precnise.s of Mr. Icll. (ertrlude-treet onr Turesl.la)"y morning, ail also at thle .c'lieckett stleet fire ,tl 'l'hune?day errrening. Thlle Fitzrov City Council now ilert every alternate lFluesday e lingl at 7 o clock. Th'le lirst eerCtine ullltner the alte?rtion took place on Tuseday corning la t. a report of the pro ceeling aplearine fels.e rfew rce Sir hV. lRoliasn tihe ew govenor of Southfi Austrlirnl a was necotrdel a very title recleption by the cohlnists. Adedrese. have Itenll p'reocelte to him by l vrioIte religiouts bodies, including thle Church of iEnglaell, 'reslyterianl anld l\\\'tleyan lelies. Another strike is impending as at the meeti oftof the joaenreymlen llotmakerls it wlas decided that nllless the manufacturer" t agreed to a unifonn rate of wages under the logI as lmw,e eip ly thler (joirlleymllac ll) a genelrl .trike allottll ltae plce el tiere seStl At the I:ht Ieetingl of tile .lika Shire t'owcccil. Mr. tsCouencillor Seists wts te rlcete.er collector rf dog tae s at ea te larly of t.' a year, titlh cOllelleission oil the ailmunllllt etf ftees ollectrcl. Mr. Solev was also an aleeeir?et for tier ileiht cf cneecitpal eei p liLilter, but twas u~tsuccessful. Such is life Aenotlher e?oraew from, a clntssh tilp happenteld loni the ('aellicil limle teo tlie Ii. .l trail flrom 'ielloerenc tle Ceeullicil VedlWeslelea. Ia lle llenlalns an trlal iof trncks rloke leIcanlel ilceendling the inclinelLashed into the lae?. elger traill standilng there: fortuately cit the exception of Idlllune to solle of the ear riag lllll and evere shakig knocking abollt oft tile p;ssetllgerl, Ilo seriol las1eae re. eceltrel Owing to Mr. Alfred Mtiol (the well-known tiv e~l criticl int icric?g aile to appear oil \\\'redelcslal it tihe (City l'lice C(ourt, i?vicg unahele to Iease fhis bed, owing to the lase tar.ll asault whlieh 1haI been coemeitted ole o,. hio by .i1 4. te.eore (treoserer at the Theatre "Royal) eti Saturday niglht, the cas has lceen aidjourned Illtil .lionlliay next. Il?.cee being alminitteld tol bail in two ?s'ietics of ft _ each. At the llrtunswiel Court on Wedllresday, a man lilnedl Alfred Smleithl was fi?eicd . Ior icn Idefaulit one netehl ie ?easl for 'saking ia' of olleot lanlIuEag within tie hlertilng of the imllic. The oltfelce wasu conulitted eon Christlimas 1,1tv, and iiellediatell after tihe defeflldant lrft the district and smccrletd if cecading tne vigilance if the pilice until last week, whe cl consltablle ltatetietel ill lirtllis we.ick ?ce.elded ill serving him with iia su? - i1r. Councillor leve.rs has met with a moIest crushing defeat :at the Carlton election, oev-. inge onlly pllledl 7li viotes out of :10i7 s on the roll. .ir. 5levers has only himilself toe blamllle. lie wenllt ill for free and CuOlleulsory, mlienus secular, eucltotion, and failed to acolll plish all imlwosibilitity-that is to sohow the electors how deedution cotldl le n made corl pulsory without ntiakilg it also secular. 'Mr. levers is very popular in the dlistrict, adll his crushing defeat shllows that the people would not stande any tamlpering with the i resent e.lucatio systernl of the coloiy. Sharvest tlhanksgeivinl service and organ rocital was held il St. Philipl' Chilrceh. hlealdle-street, on e\\\i'dnsdna erening last, the lev. .1. Ceeatcll, incumbenllt, oiliciatilng. Th'le church was inest appllrolpriately and Sprettily decorated withe the fruits of the gnell alllld field, for tie rc:oioel. 'tihe clergylmau's reumarks were ,luost aplproplriate Sandl instrctive, and chaifll thie attention of a iVery large I eongregatioe . The organ resi tal l" .'tr. \Voeds. it emusician lately arrirved t fronl.lauchester, was a great .uclees, ail stampsll that gelitlemlllal as a really line artist. Vocal selectionls lty the Misses lIrvacet aced S '1r. l'oole were adhnhie bly rendlllerel, and e. idently glatilied the aullitors. 'iThe coal t trilnitinlea were lilbeanl aull seltisfaetory, aecd lnlark the interrst whichl the ollngreetionll takhes in tile progress of thle church. i lectllde r 'allthr tile 'ers to tile Ifr utheruSiI SIluestieons tfhat wlere lllet to he: Icy thie nallli nice eect the I ij,,u Tecater on Suldee eenie tent. The pcrivilege of uittie?g eueerticees, welich halld to ie ivee in writincg, ss ties esee,,eiyecIeire.itel.l-eleelorlalllllesrilentlyeesail I of. Snllecee toefl tIelrloem were ltordethae o foreign to the neatters und"er discussion, nst i tlho that at all iere olt thie llmatter wer Ia i tdlel uol eexplaneld in a thorougly iutE ,restillg llalnelller. 'lThis evening .11rs. \atson Swill deliver a lecture at the mree place, the v naject leite. "L .rove, .larriage, anll P.-i I rentage." l'To-lurrlw eveenillg tile sleject e lhoesen will Ie " iliilc allnd 'Ilodern Spiri is tialill colnarell, are tihey collirlled a faect o. r fietioll. et \~' ltotie ibl the el iolae NcNews" of tile Iilth alllle:e'rs nlllltille In(ilig Icale o the al falli:g oli ill the seUlllply of iea: t froii celoe|re.ic toraoe .u'cdlln?lll ilenprncl'Oeila ill ccAostrailia aced Non Zceeieeeunt nvhes trade.it that article both in its fresh and preserved state is already and preserved state, is alrelvy assuret aid can be increased to a rery great extent, therellyupplying animal foot to the poor and hlf feld working clas=es. Such is the sulobaneeof the nmatter andi so there is every probability of our being made to pay even a still higher price for our meat hlere so as to enalmble tile prescrninn' coapanies to senl thie eeat to England. anT after all the expense in so doing, sell the ment in the market of England for one pelln ndl twopence per lb. less than we are coealipEled to pay for it Ihere. It seemsn a great piity that Elnglad tnnllllot setld ollt mleat to Austrtlia a ill that e?e nwe lshould Ilnave it at a fair Iand tntlrate prtice. Sonme very choice speciltens of caligrnphy and oithogtitnhpi y coul1 In olbtained by over Ihallinlg tile Ihoilks ill which enetnliro of tih " great unltid " in tile Petty Sessionsasusen ibled cuter their decisions. At the ]htusi - wick Court otnt \\\'laensday the 7th inst. a man natmed hilgh Forel ?nwas sunennnnnonned for neglecting to send his son to school. As is usuatl oil n chlt occasionul tlen wife of the defen dannt put ill non' anpnn?nee'tnl n ilnfol-ted the beinlch that the echild nad beel ill, nud thaint she could obtain a medical certificate to that effelct. Thie cant- s Iwastlntpned for a week, Inlt Ieothi tlne trlanut enficer and li?i. Forbes left thile court under tile imupreueion that thie ease had been po?ltolne for a fort night. On \Vedlnesday tile 1ith tile t?e was called o ; t' ere was ino appearanee anlld their worhilps intlicten a tlille of Mli. with _s. tii. iosts, but tie alternnative Was ioamtild. Welll, on last \\\edllesl; v tile ''Truanit Otlicur appearedl inl court and haurled up to the benchn a nmtlical certificate which he thid he ctunidered ultite satisfactory. 'Their wor lhips havinlg looked at tile do.umettllt very carefully intimnatel that they to,o considerel it quite satisfactory. The chairmuan tlen tooHk up a pent anlll tnadle an entr that reads exactly a:s follouws:--"T'l'is e?se was re hard and the i erntdulck cnnaleCd oil )lrs. ceitifect." Cotmuent would be stulperIlous, but it lma Ie added tthalt enneling (canl celling) the verduck (vernlict) w;is a wowrk of supurerogatiou, inasmuch as their worships eonulld nllot force lnaylltetlt of the lille andl costs, the ver uck rot having been properly cnterm Ip int tihe Bent in?utlnuce. 