SUNDAY READING/ The Gou of Pence and Our Sanctifi cation. -By tub Bbv. 0. Hi 8pubgbon» >1,0 tt0 91*5 ?'■, P0"00'tImt brought again from B^OD thmn0.b0frdi?raI,t.bfJgrest Shepherd of the erer. «Aia«n. —Hebrowa xiii. 20,21. • I' your attention, first, to the peculiar A title nader which God is addressed in this P*8^®': "otr the God o£ peaco.' Tho names of God employed in prayer in Holy Scripture •, are always significant. Holy men of old were . not so poverty-stricken in language as always lo address God under one name, nor were they so careless as to speak with him under such a .title as might first como to hand ; but in their approaches to tho Most High they carefully re garded that attribute of the divine nature from which they expected the blessing which they desired. It they needed that their enemies ; should be overthrown they pleaded with the arm of his strength ; if they were wrongfully entreated, they prayed to the God of righteous-' neas ; if they, needed pardon for their sins, they pleaded with the God of meroy; and each names as Jehovah, Elohim, Shaddai, ore not • used; indiscriminately in the " prayers of the saints of old,- but always with selection and' judgment.- Why, then, did the apostio here call God ' the God of peace 1 ? He had a rea son ( and what was it? It is-a; Pauline expression. Ton find that title only in the writings of Paul. It is a name of Panl'e own coinage by the teaching of the Holy Ghost. _ There were reasons in Paul's ex perience which led 'him to dwell upon this' peculiar trait of the divine character. Koch man, seeing with his own eyes, soes something peculiar in the name of the Lord; and the apostle of. the Gentiles when writing to the Hebrew..believers. saw with speoial clearness, •the. God of peace,' who had made both Jew .. and. .Gentile to bo one in Christ, so making peace. If yon look in the Epistle to the Ho mans, fifteenth chapter and 33rd verse, yon find him praying, «How, the God of peace be with you alL, In the'eame epistle, chapter xvi., .vorso 20, he says, 'The God of peace shall bruise Satan nnder yonr feet shortly.' Again, in the second Epistle to the Corinthians, xiii; 11, he says, ' Be perfect, be of good' comfort, be of one mind, live in peace; and the God of love and peace shall be with yon.' In Phi : lipians iv. 9, he thus concludes his exhortation: • Those things, which ye have both learned, and received, and heard, and seen in me, do; and the God of peace shall be with youbut especially in I Thessalonians, v., 23, there is a " passage strikingly parallel to our text; He there prays, 'And the very God of peice sanctify you wholly.' Sanctification is the • subject of the present prayer. Just as in our text he prays, 'Perfect you in every good work to do his will,' so in Thesssloniaus he says, ' And T pray God your whole spirit and sonl and body be preserved blameless unto the com ing of our Ziord Jesus Christ.' It is evident, not only that the apostle delighted in the ex pression peculiar to himself, but that ho saw a close connection between the peace of God and the sanctifying of believers, and,, for this rea son, both', in the Thessalonians and in the Hebrews, his prayer for their ssnctifioation is addressed to the God of peace. Tho appropriateness of the title to tho parti ""oular prayer will readily rtrike you; for lioli ' ness is peace. ' May tho God of peace make you holy,' for ho himself is peace and holiness When holiness reigned over the whole universe peace reigned also. There was no war in heaven till one who had been an angel became a devil, . and fomented a rebellion against the thrice holy God. Sin bringe forth strife, but holiness is the mother of peace. In perfection there is peace, and therofore Paul prays the God of poace to make his children perfect: holiness is well pleasing to him, and whon bo is pleas-d all is peaco, therofore he prays him to work in tbem that which is wcll- pleosing in his sight. Tiie God of peace has also graciously re stored peace and reconciled us to himself by Jesus Christ, but it bos been by the putting away of sin, for whilosin remained peace was impossible. 1 The blood of the everlasting cove nmt,' of which tho text speaks, was the seal ing of a covenant of peace which God made be tween himself and man; for of old were there thoughts of peaco in the asind of God towards his chosen. In the fulness of time tiis gift of Christ and his atoning dosth was tho actual establishment of peaco, for lie hai made peaoo by the blood of lus cross, ifo is the ambassa dor of Gol to us, und by his substitutionary sacrifice peace was effectually made, ' for ho is our peaco: by Ihc blood of tiia everlasting cove nant was (hero a treaty mudo between God and his elect, which shall stand fast for ever and over. As for our Lord's rosurrcctiou and ascension, of which tho text speaks—'Tho God of peace, that brought again from tho dead our Lord Jesus'—that was tho open proclamation of peaco. So long us Jesus was in tho grave poaco was not openly declared: it was as suredly established, but not publicly announced; but when tho Mediator rose, aud especially when ho ascended on high and received gifts for men, and sat dawn at tho right hand of God, even tho Father, then before the whole j universe was it declared that God was at poaoe with the sons of men. For Jesus is in all | things the Adam, the model man, the represen wfe* P»°ple, ana 'peace with him mean' peace with all who aro in him. Ho died for our ems, but ho rose again for onr justification, which is none other than the replacing of us in a condition of reconciliation with God. He went into heaven to tote possession of our in heritance: and what bettor ovidence could there be that we aro reconciled to Qod ? If our representative eits at his right hand we may bo confident that the Lord ;■ unto us. Beloved, if you pursue the subject you will see more and more clearly the significance of the title, * the God of peacofor, to make us porfect in every good work to do his will is to ■give us peace. _ Although every Christian by .aith in Christ is justified, and so has a judicial' peace with God, yet we never can enjoy per fect peace with our own consciences so long as any sin is committed by us, or dwells in us. So long ae there shall remain a solitary tendency to sin within these members wo shall be dis turbed, sin will contend with grace, and now born grace wili war with inbred sin. Sin arid grace can no more agree than firo and water. Bven the God of poaco never tries to establish a peace 'botween good arid evil, for it would be monstrous even if it were possible The way to peace is the way of holiness. Oast out sin, and you cast out contention. Subdue iniquity, and peace wins tlio victory. Beloved, it is of no use for us to seek happiness of life except by the way of holiness of conversation. I have already d-elared that we have peace with God through tho atoning work of our Lord Jesus Christ j but for deep calm of heart and quiet of conscience there must be a work of sanctiil cation within us wrought by the power which raised Jesus Christ from tho dead. Sin is our cqemy, and the new life within us is heartily at enmity with evil, and therefore pence can never be proclaimed in tho triple kingdom of our nature until we always do that which is well pleasing in tho sight of the Lord, through Jesus Christ. , Nor is this all. When the apostle, praying for our sanctificotion, prays to the God of peace, it is as much as to say to us that we must view God as the God of peace if we aro to be led to. do his. will. O man, is .God your enemy ? Then you will never serve him, nor do that which is well pleasing in his sight. Do you at this moment feel.a horror of.God, a dread at tlio mention of his name? Then yon can nevor do that which will please him," for without faith it is impossible to plcass God, and faitb is tbe reverse of horror. Tou must first of all know that there is peace between you and your God, and then you can please him.. This knowledge can only come to you through' Christ Jesus, for peace is made only by ' the blood of tho ever lasting covenant.' When once you know that the Lord hath made with you an everla ting covenant, ordered in all things and sure, then you have leverage to work with, then are you founded upon a rock whereon you may be built up in every form of obedience, but not till then. Peace with God is the root of virtue: reconci liation by the death of his Son is the: door to conformity to the life of his Son. May we know our great Shepherd both in hie dying atonement and living example as the Lord and giver of peace. Before leaving this first head, I would call to your notice the fact that the title, ' the God of peace,', sheds a light over the whole passage, and is beautifully in harmony with erery word of the prayer. Let us read it line by line. ' NosrtheGod of peace, that brought again from the dead our Lord Jesus.' War drives men down to the dead, and is the great jackal of the grave. Ah, how sadly the nations, see this Cxemplied in the Bast at this moment. War brings down to death; but the God of peaoe brings back from tho dead. Tho restora tion of the Lord Jesus from the grave was a peaceful act, and was meant to be the guarantee of peace accomplished for ever. 'That great 8hepherd of the sheep'—sheep are peaceful creatures,.and a shephera s occupation hath not to do with blood red fields of strife. We always couple with the idea of peace the quietness and ropose of tho shecpfold, and the simple restful ness of (looks in green pastures. Peaco is the Very atmosphere of pastoral scenes. 'Through the blood of the everlasting covenant.' Tho very word ' covonant' is also fu!l of poaco: and especially is it bo when we remember that it is a o.venant of peaco which eternal love has established be tween God and man. Where no covenant or league exists war may break out at any time, but when a covonant is once established there is peace and rest. The apostle goes on to pray, • Make you perfect in eveiy gooi work to do his will.' If God's will is done by us. then there must bo peace, for no ground of differ ence can exist. ' Working in you that which is well pleasing in'hissight.'—Oh, the soft music of these words. W3ion oil in us is well pleas ing to God then indeed is he the God of peaco tons. Tho final doxology is also very signifi cant, for in effect it proclaims the universal and eternal reigu of poace: 'To whom bo glory for ever and over. Amen/ What oan thore be to disturb tho universe when the Lord God : omnipotent shall reigu, aad all nations shall glorify and extol the Kvcr Blessed, world with* out end ? 2fot without reusou, ther3fo»-o, did our apostle select the title,4 The God of peace.* We, secondly, have now brielly to consider tho spocial act dwelt upon in this prayer. * That br.ught agiin from tho dead our Lord Jesus, that great Shepherd of tho sheep, through tho blood of tho everlasting covenant.' We shall notice that tho bringing back of the Lord Jesus from tho dead was the seal of his perfected work, and consequently of our peaco and ulti raate perfection in holiness. The Lord Josus could no more bo ho]den by the bands of death, but might justly return to his throno. Bccau«o ho had finished all his work, therefore the word of authority declared his freedom, and lie was brought back to his former glory. Because ho had wrought all righteousnoss thoroforo did ho stand amongst living men; and because ho had merited a crown of glory therefore did he rise even to the throne of Jehovah, to s;t there (ill his eaezqies mo made bis footstool. Bis rj "finished, and therefore God acknow ledges the fact by bringing him again from the dead. Most wisely does the apostle pray ■ that he who thua owned Ohrist'a finished work would finish his Spirit s work in us. ' Christ is- per fected; therefore, O I ord, perfect thy saints. Jesus has done thy will: help us to do it. May ho that brought Jesus from the dead in token of his completed righteousness bring up also his people from all relics of their death of sin, and make them complete in holiness to the glory of Ilia name. • ° S . Beloved, we go farther yet. The bringing again of Christ from the dead was in effect the leading backof all his people. Not without the sheep did the Shepherd come, for that wore to return defeated. Ho went, down into the grave to seek the lost sheep, and, finding it, he flung it on his shoulder, and as he came up from the grave he bore upon bis mighty shoul ders tho sheep for. whom he died. The text speaks of 'Our Lord. Jesus.', Oid you notice that ? Ours in his offices of Shepherd and Saviour, altogether oars as brought again from tho dead. What he did was for ns. He is tho Great Shepherd of the sheep, and there fore what he did was for the sheep We can give many reasons why the Lord Jesus is the Great Shephord, because ho is the Shepherd, not of one congregation, but pf all the saints in alleges, and because the sheep are bis own, and he who owns the sheep is far greater than he who only feeds the flock for another. But the reason which just now attracts my atten tion is this:—If there be a great shepherd there must bo a great flock. You cannot truly call any man a shepherd if be has no sheep, nor call him a great shepherd if he has not a great flock. So he 1 that brought again from the dead that great Shepherd of theeheep/ did by that act and deed bring up the great flock from tho dead too, for so long as our Lord JesuB can truly be called a shepherd, he must have a living flock; they, aro inseparable from him and essential to him. The church is the fulness of Christ. A king is no king without subjects, a head is no head without a body, and a shep herd is no shepherd without sheep. The idea of the Great Shepherd involves too chosen flock; his bringing again from the dead as a shepherd involves their upbringing in bim. The resifrrection and the glory of Christ are thus the resurrectionandthe gloryofallhis flock, for whom he lrnd down his life. Glory be to his name for this. Now .you see the force i.of the petition, .which may be interpreted thus lord, thou' has brought thy people upTrom the dead in Obrht, therefore bring' them up from all the death of sin; quicken.them to fulness of life; perfect them in every good work to do thy will; work in them that which is well- pleasing in thy sight {.because this is their spiritual .resurrection, this is the giving to them what thou didst give to Christ on their behalf, therefore fulfil it unto them. Beloved, it needs the. same power to make us holy that it'needed to bring our Saviour from the dead. That same power which raised the dead body of Christ must raise us from onr death in sin; and the same power whioh enabled the living Christ to climb from earth to heaven, and take his throne, must be exercised in living saints to make. them rise from one degree of holiness to another, till they shall be presented without spot, or wrinkle, or any such thing, before the father's presence. Yes, and that power comes to us because Christ has risen, ' Because I live, saith he,' ye shall live' also;* and because he lives to intercede, therefore his peoplearo preserved from. _eril. Faten.desires to have us, that he may sift us as wheat; but the great Shepherd, who was brought again from the dead, is daily watching over ns, and pleading for us, and the power of his life, and of his kingdom, and of his plea, are manifested in us, so that we conquer temptation, and 'ad vance from strength to strength" in our pilgrim age to heaven. The text is all of a piece, and each word is necessary and important. We have not here pious expressions strung together without reason, but every single syllable adds to the weight of the whole. Thirdly, let us notice the veiy-remarkable macner in whioh the holiness prayed for is described in the text: ' Make you perfect in every *ooi work to do his will, lhat is the first clause, but the translation is notr strictly accurate. Tho passage would bo better ren dered, 'make you fit in every good work to do his will,1 and the original Greek word (though I have not noticed that expositors observe it, yet any one turning to the lexicon will see it), properly means to reset a boqe that is dislocated The meaning of the text is this: by tho fall all our bones are out of joint for the doing of tho Lord's will, and tho desire of the apostle is tlmt tho Lord will set thp bones in tbeir places, and thus make us able with every faculty and in ovory good work to do his will; If-we-take j tho arm* joint for our illustration, bo ' would have it so well set that it may be capable of evorv movement- for whioh an arm was at first constructed by infinite wisdom. A dislocated bone may be so badly set as only to be capable of a part of the motions natural to it; there may be a flaw in the surgery, so that certain movements cannot be performed; there may bo a stiffness and an awkwardness, and even a positive inability for certain movements; this may be seen in some men's minds, but it is by means desimblo Tho npoa'lo would have every bone in u* to bo well set, and our whole manhood fitted for performing every form of good work to do tho will of the Lard tho roughly. What a blessed prayer! 0 Lord, thou host raised thy Son up iu perfection, not a bone of him was broken ; and now we, who aro his body, need to bo set together and fiieJ, ovory joint in its own place, and the whole church compactly knitted together by its bands and sinews, so that it may be in ponoct order for performing the divino wilL 1 apprehend thnt our text refers not so much to any one believer as to the entire ohuroh, for the apostle speaks of the Groat Shepherd of the sheep, by which he mult mean the whole church: the apostle prays that the Lord would perfeotly join hit ohuroh, put it into harmonious union, and so .male it fib to do all that God meant tho church to do here below. When Bhall 'we see our churches'in such a case? • ' The next is foractual service i.c Working in 'usthat which is well pleasing in his!sight.* 'And here I ask yon.to notice how &U; things are of God, We might havo thought that the apostle would baye said, 'Lord, when thon has.t made us fib io work for tho*, then help us to serve thee but he docs not lay so: he puts his prayer into a humbler form, and asks the Lord to work in us. What a heavy blow at all self-glory ! How instructive to us 1 Hear brother, when the Lord makes thee fit for eyery good work, yet thou wilt do no goal work unless he workefh it in thee. Even he who is best adapted for the performance of virtue.-'and holiness, yet does not porform these things-till the Lord worketh in him to will and to do of his own good pleasure, , > Oyer and above this mode of securing all the I glory to God notice the next clause -' through Jesus Christ.* That which we do eten when tho Lord works in us we only do through Jesus Christ. We are nothing without, our Lord, and though we do what is acceptable; in the ; Lord's sight, yet it is only acceptable through Jesus Christ. What nothings and nobodies we are! Kvca when the Lord docs the most for usthatcaa be done, so that we dwell in his * eight and our actions become well pleasing to him, and he looks upon us with delight, yet even then we ate nothing. It is the Lord that bath wrought all in us, even the God of peace, who is all in all. To each fruitful hough he saith, 'from me is they fruit found.' When your garments sparkle like the sun, it is he th-»t transfigures you; when your face shines like Moses' through secret communion upon the mount, it is God's brightness which illu minates your brow. Our goodness is none of ours, * for we are his workmanship, created in Christ Jesua unto good works, which God hath before ordained that we should walk in them' Our fourth point drops into its place very naturally, for we have already seen that; the whole of it comes to a most appropriate con* elusion of praise: 1 To whom be glory for ever and ever. Amen.' To glorify God is the object of it all. We too much forget this. Praise is the flower for which the stalk of prayer exists. Praise to God is the essence of all the flowers of holiness, the otto of all the roses in the garden of the church, God's glory is the. harvest for which all the ploughing and sowing of ministry, and evangelising, must be done. Glory' to God in the highest, and glory to his only, begotten Son for evor and ever-rthia is the pure geld for which we dig the mines of "godly service. It would be a very difficult question to decide to whom the last* clause alludes, whether to 'the God of peaoe,* or to' Our Lard Jesus,* and, therefore, I think, the.safer way is to take them both together, for they are one. 'To whom,' that is to God: ' To whom,' that is to the Lord Jesus, 1 be glory for ever and ever. Amen.' Let itbeso; it ought to be so; it muBt be' so,-and it shall be so. Amen. Amen. , . A Pbiest os Victobias SocisxT.—In ad dressing the congregation at St. Francis's Chat oh on Sunday, November 25, from the text—" We cease not to pray for you that you may walk worthy of God in all things pleating," the Bev. J. F. Fitsgerald (says the Melbourne Argtu) commented forcibly on the wide diver gence in practice cf many professing Christians from the high Btandavd of Christian morality enunciated in the words of his text. Christians, he Baid, had three chief relations in life—to the family, to society, and to the State. In theee three human relations did they "walk worthy of God in all things pleasing?" A glance at the world around furnished in many instances an answer to this question in the negative. Was it not a notorious fact that the sacred en gagements contracted on entering into married life were but too frequently cast to thewinds be- ' cause they imposed a barrier to the indulgence of gross immorality ? And,inmen'ssocialrelaticna with one another, how much double dealing, treachery, and sacrifice of principle was to be noted ? Likewise^ in their relations to the State, what sslf seekiog, what venality, what utter disregard of the fundamental principles of Christian morality. Nothing in Victorian society was more conspicuous than the homage paid to mere wealth in the person of its pos sessor. Men were heard boa-ting or congratu lating themselves on the htroour, as they called it, of being spoken to or shaken by the hand by some individual who was known to possess im mense wealth. No man who thus elevated gold into the position of the idol of his heart had any right or title to the name of Christian; for a Christian was one who walked worthy of God in all things pleasing, worthy of the vocation to \yhieh be was called. 