It was in no spirit of disparagement that vre lately referred to the ineffici ency of tlie Board of Health system in itiated by Dr. O'Doiierty. The author of the scheme may be credited with the best intentions, but he does not possess the gift of practical legislation, aud neither his Health Act nor his Oyster Act has hitherto proved a success. It is not sufficient to be enthusiastic iu a good cause, iu order io uialre it prevail. A physician may, or should, bo the highest authority on matters of hygiene, without the skill to embody in concrete i precept the abstract truths he has made his study. The Health Act, so far as any practical usefulness is concerned, ! might as well not exist. It is virtually a dead letter, and each successive re proclamation of its validity only im presses the fact more strongly on tho public. 'We foresaw and predicted this result several years ago, when the mea sure was under consideration by the legislature. The effect of this amatour piece of legislation has been to relieve 3Iuuicipal Councils, the natural and proper guardians of the public health, from a grave responsibility, and thrum it on the shoulders of a Board whose authority is limited to six months, whose members have no sort of ambition or interest to serve in permitting their names to stand on the list, andthefunds at whose disposal are limited to such paltry dole as the Associated Corporation can manage to squeeze out of its revenues for an object whose very existence is a slight on their own functions, and whose success cannot, therefore, be regarded 1 by them with much enthusiasm. From bodies so constituted and so limited, 110 great things are to be expected. 'With- out the sinews of war, no effective cam paign against impurity and disease can be organised ; and the funds at the Board's disposal barely suffice for the salary of the Health Officer, who is their sole and visible executive. Under such a system, nothing better than a series of petty interferences with individual citizens, savoring rather of persecution than reform, was to be expected. .L iiciu me au⁢} ut lho town is at present highly unsatisfactory can not be disputed. Complaints of the zymotic type, attributable to stagnant miasma, are frequent, and as the sum mer heat increases the death-rate from such diseases may be expected to show a considerable advance. It is not cred itable to our boasted energy that we should be content to undergo, year after year, the inconveniences, the sufferings, and bereavements that arise from these preventible causes. In lieu of making believe to hand over the sanitary police of the town to such a ghost of a sham as the Health Board, why do not the Corporation screw up their courage to the sticking place, and decide at once on drainage ? A small j and not particularly successful begin ging iu this direction has already been made by the Associated Banks ; it is sometimes as useful to learn how not to do, as how to do a thing. The ex ample thus set would of course be im proved upou ; aud there is every facility for shewing the better way. It would bo difficult to find in the whole colony a township site more admirably adapted for cheap and systematic draining. Bounded on three sides by a tidal river, on a fourth by a tidal creek, and ptrmeated iu various directions by gullies of steep incline, fitted by nature to become main sewers and in some instances hardly even requiring excava tion, the natural drainage system of the municipality requires little improvement from art. Maryborough has no need of a costly cloaca, muxima, capacious enough to catch the illuvies of a hun dred tributary rills. The nameless creek that, forking southerly aud west erly near the Hospital, carries off the Btormwaters of the business part of the town aud of the ninety-acre reserve respectively, would, with a little deep ening and straightening answer every purpose. The course of the right hand branch, diagonally from the junction of Elleua and Richmond-streets, across Bazaar, Kent, and Adelaide-streets to its junction with the left hand branch at the Lennox-street bridge, offers admirable facilities for draining all the streets named as far outwards as may appear desirable. These side drains need not be of any great length or capacity, since, when a certain distance from the croekSs reached other ^rainag^ ! . areas arc gaihed mid other' outlets' become possible. ' The great cost of sewers lies not in their length, but in the volume they are fitted to dischar., Where the drainage area is small, two or three miles of streets can be drained' for the cost of one mile near the o.ut^ flow of a larger area. ' Let tho drainage of the town be distributed as widely as possible ; one portion, for instance, being assigned to the creek, another to tho outflow froul tho swamp, in tho remote aud partially explored locality known as ' Tho Jungle,' another to the outflow from Ululah, auother to the longest of tho various gullies that cross Ann- street between the bridge and Woodman's farm. The advantage of thus dividing tho town into sections is that only the more urgeutly required portions of the work need be under taken at first. Others, where the popu lation is less dense, or where properties are hardly valuable enough to bear the additional burden, might be advantage ously deferred for some years to come. Iu this way the great bug bear of excessive cost would be shorn of its terrors. The expenditure would be distributed over a number of years, aud the obligation of repaying any sums that it might be necssary to borrow for the purpose from Govern ment would fall less heavily on the rate payers. This is an important con sideration, seeing that for the next forty years the credit of the town will continue pledged for the repayment of the water works loan. Another reason for pro ceeding with, caution is that tho system of drainage by underground sewers may itself be in course of time superceded by some better, healthier, aud above all more economical method of bestowing and at the same time utilisiug the cx cremcntitious matters that poison the atmosphere breathed by ill-regulated communities. Science is only begin ning to feel her way on this question, to which no thoroughly satisfactory an swer Las as yet been returned. We know that all town waste should be employed iu fertilising the land, not iu befouling and poisoning rivers and estuaries. We also unow that sewage farms yield brilliant returns to the far mer, but entail a ^disproportionately heavy expense on the towns whose authorities have elected to provide the appliances requisite for carrying the sewage away to a safe distauce. It is possible, nay probable, that scientists are even now hovering on the brink of some astounding, yet wonderfully sim ple discovery which shall once for all solve the problem. In that case it would be desirable to have as little oc casion as possible for regretting expen diture lavished on a superseded system. It would be equally desirable that the sewers actually built should be so laid out as to be still available for carrying oir the rain and other surface water, of which a much greater volume at present permeatesthe]town than boforethe com pletion of tho Teddingtou 'Waterworks. It is, indeed, not impossible that this enlarged supply of the vital element may be in some degree responsible for the epidemic of sickness that at present afflicts tho community ; and if so, an additional reason will bo furnished for looking the question of drainage fairly iu the face without further loss of time. 