A WELSH POET-PREACHER. The following sketch o£ tibe Rev. Thomas Jones, who wag for some time ia Melbourne, is taken from the Sunday at Home -— It must be somewhere about five aad twenty years ago taat I was drawn in to a meeting at rheLndgate OofEee House m fortheranoe of a project for the establishment of a daily news paper wtaicn, vrttnout being what is Known aa a religious newspaper, should be condootad en high moral and rdietoas principles. At that meeting & voaag minuter from Wales was put forward to address the company in the interests of the project. Not a dozen persons present had ever heard «f this young minister, and when he rose to speak there was nothing vary atrikugmtbe slim figore that «tood betas* as^Bane, per- ! ham, a dark, peaetxatfaag -eye, that seemed ? toWa^ptarfwulbelWit. JfejMntr . tad- he JBjpeued : iu» wmth, bowewr, «uta \- «*ery «r w«s «Btrano«A, aad -«wtj- smtev ? rowsd. He *peke '» mmmet ^pV and natural as the child of the noon* taina from vhieh he came, bat with » native animation begotten of tfae fire* that were within him, and which were evi* dently tbe fives of that inexplicable but' nn» mistakeable thing called genius. The audi ence was moved to wonder, almost to enthusiasm, at tite flood of interest he poured upon a. subject vhieh some woald have made exceedingly dry, and at the rap ture he inspired in what was little more than a business meeting ; and theywent away to talk in glowing terms of theWebdiman who had suddenly broken upon their path. That was probably the first time that young Welsh minuter had ever spoken in London, at least to an English audience. But a very few years had passed away before £he stranger prom Wales was gathering around his polpit in the metropolis Sunday by Sunday aa overflowing congregation, among which might be discovered not only such men. as the venerable Dr. Leif child and James Straiten, Professor Godwin and Dr. Young (author of the 'Christ of History'), but some of the principal literary men of the day, including Kobert Browning, the great English poet. - For that young minister was Thomas Jones. The name had already become famous in Wales before he made hi» appearance in London. As preacher and lecturer he was known throughout the length and breadth of the land as Jones Treforris (Morrison). It was surprising to some, but not perhaps to nis countrymen, who are apt to find diamonds under* ground, albeit they may be black ones, that Thomas Jones had been a collier. Genius, however, will assert its existence, and it very early did so in this young Welsh collier. It matters little to a man, and. nothing to God, in what rank of life an in dividual may be found, or what may be his calling, when Godhas set His mark upon him and endowed him for high service in His kindom. Thomas Jones and his brother had early been left fatherless and motherless, .and at twelve years of age he entered a flannel manufactory, bis father having been a- traveller in the Welsh flannel trade ; bat ere long— for what reason we know not, pro* bably it was in the order of the divine discipline and preparation for his life's work —he took to the mine. Here again it is of small consequence what may be the outward circumstances of a man's life when God takes him in hand. He knows best the kind of school and college, in which to train His. servants, and He can make any circum stances educational for the highest work. Young Jones's surroundings had from his. childhood been eminently godly. His father is said to have had a wonderful gift in prayer, and he loved to tell of his grandfather having taken him when quite a child to the top of of the loftiest hul in 'his native region of Bhayader, and of his kneeling afc the summit holding the little fellow's band in his, and pouring out bis soul in lofty thanksgiving that he had once more been per mitted to look upon that scene. It soon, became evident that such religious influences were telling upon the lad, and he became re markable for his wonderful knowledge of the Bible and for his peculiar sifts as a speaker in the Sunday-school and ia catechetical meetings. He began his preaching among* the Calvinistic Methodists, but differing from them in some matters of doctrine he was rejected by the elders. A Congregational minister, the Kev. David Bees, of Llanelly. discerning in him elements of character and latent gifts of a high order, took him heartily by the hand and taught him the way of God ' more perfectly.' This seems to have been his only theological training, for at five and twenty he was ordained to the ministry by the Bryn chapel in the same town of Llanelly. Thence, in a short time, he was induced to accept the pastorate of the United Churches of Hermon and Tabor, near Llandilo ; and afterwards he transferred his labors to Morriston, whence (in 185S) h& removed to London, to become minister of AJban- Chapel, Regent's Park. Not long; afterwards, however, he consented to be transferred to Bedford Chapel, Camden Town, which was the scene of his most re markable metropolitan ministry. It was. while here that nis name and fame spread through the churches. To hear Thomas Jones preach was a Sabbath-day feast, to which not only his regular congregation, but one to which visitors from the provinces looked forward. The place became thronged, and students and ministers mingled in the crowd. The influence he wielded was first of' all due to his marvellous insight into the soul of truth, which was as an instinct with Urn j. and then the equally marvellous facility with which he presented what he saw, eo that everything seemed clothed in grace and beauty. His was the magic of genius,, which threw everything it touched into new and surprising forms. And withal there was the power of holiness. The 'accent, of conviction,' the force of reality, fie ' believed,' and therefore he 'spake;' he felt, and therefore he made you fell. In hi» hands the Bible was a book of marvels and the pulpit a place of revelation. : No doubt much of the charm of Thomas Jones's preaching came from his connection with that land of poets and preachers, Wales. ' And indeed, as the prophet and the poet of ? the old .dispensation were one and the same, : eo is the preacher and the poet of the princi pality. And Thomas Jones's preaching wast - the best kind of preaching translated into English. 'I look upon him as a sort of bard,' said Dr. Stoughton of him on one occasion. 'He has always reminded me. of a harper harping with his harp. He does not reason, perhaps, like some others; he does not go calmly and reflectively into a subject as some may do : but he comes out; with bursts of melody which delight ns, en trance us, carry us away.' It was no doubt the result of great thought and of great labor; he himself never pretended that it was not. His apparently unstudied and offhand atte- - ranees were the productions of an art that was «o jwrfect that it concealed itself. Bat along with this there was the higher genius of spiritual inspiration which was upon him at the moment of utterance — 'hwyl' — as the Welsh call it. It was this that made sermon or speech electrical, and sent it thrilling-' through the nerves of a vast audience like a 'shock.' I remember hearing Thomas Jones on. a very special occasion, when his word came with peculiar power. It was one of the anniversary sermons of the London Missionary Society, and it was preachedin Westminster Chapel. Thespaeious edifice was crowded from floor to roof— the upper galleries seeming to be overhung; with people, ' like grapes,' a» I onee heard it said. Mr. Jones no doubt felt the specialty of the occasion, and he wasted nothing to, obstruct him in his utterance, so he arranged, for the desk which usually stood on the spacioas platform pulpit of Westminster Chapel to be removed,- so as to give him the most perfect freedom. That was all he asked, for be was by no means given to whims, and I think he was very nervous ia antirapatien «f that serviee. X went iuto the vestry beforehand, not in deed to «ee him, bat there he was. In an instant he sprang to his feet as bis manner was when a friend eame in, and in . response to my best wishes and hopes he de clared lie was net feeling well, and not equal te - such a service. Bat when it «ame ! verily his God made him equal to it, He- announced as his text 1 Cor. xv. 46—' Howbeit that was not first which isspmtnal, but that which is . natural; and -afterward that which is spi ritnaL' The exposition and itlostration of this divine law was teHing in the1 extreme, and its application to the great movements of thedrarch powerful as human thought and; epeeeh coald well be. : Tne high sense Mir. Jones had of the im-. portance of the preacher's work was indi cated in the address be delivered as chairman, of the Congregational Union of England and Wales in 187L 'VPreachim? is the chief means,' he said, 'ordained by Christ for the conversion of men and the ex tension of His spiritual kingdom in the. world. 'The reason of this appointment is found in the fact that preaching, when rightJy done, is the best method of applying the Gospel to the hearts of men. For this purpose a book is not equal in power to the spoken words of the competent preacher, and hence the pew can never supersede the pulpit. For mere intellectual teaching and for giving correct information, books are better adapted than speech ; but to arrest the atten tion of thoughtless men, to awaken the slumberine soul, to create faith when* it in not, and to strengthen it is to torn the sinner from the error of Us ways, as well as rouse the dormant energies of the church, the. voice of the inspired preacher will ever be needed. In the Epistle to the Romans, which is rich in thought, aglow with love, and redolent of the spirit of religion, the doctrines of human redemption and 'the. blessedness of holiness are fully and clearly.' expounded. But the author was «ot satisfied with it, for he said, * I long to see you that I' may impart unto yon some spiritual gifts, to the end je may be established.' There -were gifts, emotions, influences in ihe Apbstle'a mind which he could not write ; therefore he desired to go to Borne that he might preach to the people, and thus bring the whole force of the tioepel, together with his own. failh and love and Christian experience, to bear upon their hearts. What he had written were like the drops that fall from the ctoad before the great rain; T-ut his preaching would be Eke the melting of the dead into the plentiful summer- showers which make the earth glad ' The l«ftr ideal. Mr. Jones had formed of the preacher's work -is yet farther indicated fe «» same fcAfcess. 'The Chrfetiatt preaefcer wast, fin* -«t'«U. be a godly map. 'ftHed ;witn -*he Holy Ghost/dothed wftJr tha-^rMeiL^rattw^anii fympa&icB; wttcfrite Pivin* feJrlt akw^n impart, m laaat 'gwaeat ^faowaaiL^ of ^^M«^S*^»f 18b tawne thing* new and : ^^^P«*«iaifca»Oo8pblSSuM be firm ^^^WlSt^ay.spMtaalviBlon. Doubt ^|i^Jnw4Ei&^pRsdba% and*rrowi aent ^^«m-^rt£oirlBll on tbe ground before yon, IPtS J*rong faith Bendr them qaiverii^ to ll^eir^eetittSaon. He must be -«pt to taSh, Pflpaaiffl. speaker, litir in utterance, natu ilJWz ftft^with the genius of expres ££§£'»*? As eoroe men are Ixim with the Ipatflsfinel of science, and o&ers; are artists wSfitttn liveir infancy, mud others again bring $&#&&&* poetry with them into the world; g'*.«0*thetnie preacher ii separated from bis ^£~iith'?ip the possession of an instinct vhich fi'^hdtoi him to the work of preaching the ,*? T^jospeL' In inM«f^«g on the great subject *r ^tit true ministry Mr. Jones said, 'The .,* gospel most . not be weakened and ', ?* refitted' away by any modern knowledge -or science, falsely so called.. St Paul would ?^ not allow thtsio he done in the olden time, «nd' we must not permit it in our day. Do ' not replace it by new doctrines and theories. 3U-d do cot rationalise it into weakness; but jpreaca it in all its -original TaeauingH and strength, aS it is fonnfl in theNewTestamect. There is»^method of teaching which may he ?called suhUmating the truth. It is a most morions undertaking every way* and reminds ?one of a rainbow being cat into frag 4oeDts,tbe«olors being divided and put into /separate 'places, to the destruction of the peering object that smiled on the black .cloud Ills hope amid the sorrows of life. la -pawing through this process the gospel is .greatly changed. It metis and evaporates ; Tthe solid doctrines are transformed into at tenuated, ethereal, and unsubstantial mist, \- 'thin and frail as gossamer, which is rent 'fcy a touch, and blown away by » breath. In this new state the gospel is and is not at -the same time. You long to apportion it ?and cannot. Tou may as well endeavor to ?-seize the lightning flash, grasp a handful of iur, or gather a bundle of sun rays.' What preaching ought to be in its con ^sequences is given in Mr. Jones's own -manner. ' I have heard on a calm sum oner's evening the Bweet tones of a human -voice brought to my ears from, the farther *ide of a deep valley. The day was over and cgone ; night, with its gloom and sadness, bad. fallen upon the land, and not a sound was ^iieard save the murmur of the nver and that solitary voice, singing some native air, well known there among the mountains for gene rations past. The voice wandered over the bills, lingered in the oaves of the locks, trembled among the tree-branches, ?and filled the night air with its soft, pathetic notes. It was a sigh breaking into a ?toBg, and.it created in the mind of the listener longings that cannot well be pat into \rords— longirg for the years tfcat had been ; ;and for the friends, companions, and fathers who were gone— longings also for the perfect ?good, the state in which all discord baa ?ceased, and life is restful, harmonious and \--eternal. Our preaching ought to resemble -that voice, and should come upon the .people burdened with love, subdued with tenderness, saturated -with the genius of the gospel; a ' Bweet lyric song,' having powers to ^call forth their best aspirations, to inspire longings for the ' things which are not seen,' -to wean their hearts from the ' vain show-5 in -which so many live, and to fix their minds -upon Christ, and God,and heaven.' Speaking x)f modern efforts made by certain writers to dethrone Christ from the hearts of ^nen, the speaker proceeds — ' Well, let them ?apeak and write according to the gift that is in them; it matters not ; for He keeps His place in the minds and hearts of men. He sits upon His throne, there encircled with ineffable glory, and 'on his head are many ^crowns.' Humanity seems proud of Him, and determined to do Him honor. Learn ing has labored for ages with loving de light to explain the far reaching and loving words which flowed from His lips. Poetry inspired by the history of His life and death, -the perfection of His character, and the genius of His gospel, has exerted all her powers -to praise Hi» holy name. The early Christians pourtrayed Him in the catacombs of Borne *s*The good Shepherd' coming down from -the hills of Judah, the shepherd's staff in His hand, His hair wet with dew, and on His arm a helpless lamb which needs His .gentle care ; and from their time to -the painting of ' Christ in the temple,' art has endeavored to set forth the beauty and majesty of His form and character. Eloquence has woven her choicest garlands to crown His sacred head. Music has breathed her sweetest, loftiest notes in sing ing the glories of ' The Messiah.' Children are taught to lisp His praise, and dying saints depart saying, * Lord Jesus receive our ?spirits.' Countless multitudes who believe on Him meet week after week on every side of the globe in temples built to His name, £nd the burden of their worship is, 'Thou are the King of Glory, oh Christ ! Thou art the everlasting Son of the Father.' 'Unto fTim . that loved us and washed us xrom cur sins in ~Ri« own blood, and hath made us kings and priests unto God and His ~ father, to Him be glory and dominion for ?ever.'' Then comes the closing passage— ' Great name !'-'. Divine name ! Dear name ! Jesus Christ our Saviour ! Preach it, for it is the life of the church, the light of the \- world, and the hope of humanity. Preach it, for it is the 'hiding-place' prepared for us, -and here the soul is safe from every coming storm. Preach it with confidence and .reverent boldness; for the ancient charm— the eld attractive power is in ifstHL The -woman who stood behind Him hi the house of Simon the Pharisee, and 'washed His feet with tears,9 did a symbolical act. From a?e -to age refreshing souls gather around His footstool; they come to weep there, and His feet are wet with penitential tears. Ax it was in the past, and is no, it shall be in the future. His name shall endure for ever; His name shall be continued as long as the son ; and men shall be blessed in nun ; all nations shall call Him blessed.' ' Now, passing by the question once asked of a greater than he, 'Whence has this man letters, having never learned f the reply to -which in this case must be, genius overcome th «U things ; passing by also the effects of this -speech upon the vast audience of ministers and others to whom it was delivered, and which coald only be realised by those who ?were present, suffice to note here that in speaking thus Thomas Jones was all uncon sciously delienating himself. He was de claring his own ideal both as to the matter and manner of ' preaching, and he attained it— though he would have besn the last to admit it — as nearly, perhaps, as was possible. The tens of thousands to whom he preached both in the Old and New World testify to his great sower as a preacher. Instigated by his brethren, who thought it would minister to bis failing health, he went to Australia to take the pastorate of the important church in Collins-street. Melbourne. His fame went before him, and he told them when he arrived it was all a mistake what the English people 'had said about him; but throDging multitudes JiaDging upon his lips went out to say that 'the half was not told them.' In a little while lie came back from that far country, and re turned to Swansea, as he himself said, ' to Test a little and to die.' He continued preaching in the 'same dulcet strains, not regularly, but as strength, per mitted^ till the early summer time of this year. His last service, con ducted but a fortnight before he died, W33 a ?'Flower Service.' Nothing could have been more to his mind and heart than that his last sermon should be on the flowers he loved «o well, making them speak, as he could so ?well do, the wonders of nature and of grace. The address is said to have been one cf the -roost touching and effective he ever delivered. He prepared another discourse after this ; it was on ' Obedience to Christ ;' but it was never preached. The last words he wrote run thuB— speaking of delay in religion on the plea that there is plenty of time to think of these things, he replies— ' Time to think ! ?eternity is at hand.' And so it was— for him. Jiut it was eternity for the prepared and ?waiting souL And so he entered into 'the joy of his Lord.' Well did one of his brethren in Swansea, the Rev. Evan Thoma% say of him the day after his death, ' Mr. -Jones was a good man, a holy man — a man full of the charity that thinkesh no e viL He was one of the sweetest preachers that Wales, the land of preachers, ever produced. He was of the Williams, of Wern, and Dr. W. Bees (of Chester) class— poet preachers. Mr. -Jones gloried in the work of the ministry and -would not exchange his ministerial wand, as lie often said, for the prince's sceptre.' Bat to multitudes, the church and the world are much the poorer for having lost Thomas ?Jones. Wales honored him in bis burial, the .Archdeacon of T/ltmrlnff officiating at the .grave, the coffin being covered with Jloral offerings from head to foot, and children casting fresh flowers into the grave. ?The service closed by the crowd singing a sweet and pathetic Welsh hymn. 