" Our Immense Tram Traffic V* IT bas actually reached vary nearly to 18,000 passengers daily, or say a full 1000 hourly. And Parliament has boen called together in order to deal with a problem of such ponderous import ance I This is Little'Pedlingtonism with a ven geance. Bat for once tho law luis taken a course which combines common sense with the common law of Britain, and tho Government of New South "WaleB find themselves compelled either to carry on an illegal business, or to p«t to much inconvenience those who travel by tho Government tramways. The Govern ment have perched themselves upon the former horn of the dilemma, and aro running tram cars by the aid of steam engines. For this they are not in blame, although it is a big misfortune to see those who ought to set an example of respect for the law, deliberately breaking and setting at defiance the decision of the highest legal tribunal of the laud.. ? ' It . would T>e an undoubted misfortune, however, to »top, suddenly, tho exist ing street trama arrangement», monstrous and stupid though they aro. And it is another misfortune that tho colony ahould have men at its head who seem bent on making a burlesque of Parliamentary action, in order to follow their predecessors in ignoring tho experi ence in tramway matters won at great cost and with undoubted skill in other citiesin all parts of the world. The notification calling Parliament together speaks decisively regarding the Govern ment opinion of the difficulty which faces them. Their desire is, according to what has transpired regarding their Cabinet meetings on the subject, to obtain such powers from the "Parliament as will permit the continuance of steam engines upon the public streets. Tho other way out of the difficulty would bo to adopt tho only system of tramways that has proved suitable and profitable, and, as quickly wa the change could be made, substitute light, elegant oars, drawn by horses, for the oostly, fearful, and incapable caravans which make the tramways of Sydney a source of amazement to all who have seen business of tho kind in the great cities of Europe and America. It would take some time, no doubt, to make the change, but we believe that ono firni of car-builders in Adelaide could, within threo months, supply suf ficient rolling stock of the proper kind for one-half of tho Sydney linos. By that time it is more than likely that cur builders amon?ßt ourselves would be able to supply the remainder, and keep paco with thc requirements of tho traffic and the new lines. Then, instead of juggernauts, we would have such a tramway system as people enjoy iu London and other great cities. But the Govern ment or tho officials, rather, who have mis managed tramway affairs in Sydney np to this time, ure fearful that, " with horses the immense traffic developed on our tram lines would not bo carried." That traffic, according to the figures submitted at the Cabinet Council on Monday has reached the "enormous" number of 17,500 passages daily, made ux> as follows s For the 12 months preceding Friday IHBT, there lias Leon issued 525,000,000 tickots Bold (or fares paid) of all kinds. Theso wcro taken by an average to represent 19,435,000 of the ordimiry 2d tieketn, and apportioned themselves on tho diil'erent linus aa iollows:-Newtown and -Marrickville, 4,650,000; Forest Lodge, 1,417,000; Gleuo Point, l.GiG.OOO; Waterloo nnd Botany. 2,500,000; Crown-street, 1,325,000; Woollahra nnd Waverley, 4,5*30,000 ; Randwick and Coog-oo, 1,723,000; Ked fora, l,b'7i,000. 'IheîO fi^ureti, allowing throo TiijiB on sn RTcnigo to each pasBonger a dfvy, pivoíortho Tearfi,478,000 passages, or 17,750 paseares each day. Were anything wanting to prove the utter in capacity of those who control tho tramways, it is seen in the foregoing figures^ And our trust ia .that*, when Parliament does as semble/ hon. metntera sfegff th^ejjg sense of tho absurdity of the situation bj calling them severely to account; and at th« same time prevent the Government from matine the colony a laughing stock, and squandering more public money in order to keep up th( outrageous farce. When it is sean that the whole force of our Go vernment is staggered by having to provide for c Etreet traffic of less than 1S,000 daily as an aver age, practical raen may well stare. Before ua is a report of the Institute of Civil Engineers oi Britain, and in that report ia a paper dealin«: with the tramcars of Paris, which carry oyei 500,000 passengers daily ! To give an idea of tho amount of tramwaj traffic actually carried on in some parts of New York city, wo may mention that along Church' street, -which is only 20ft wide, four lines make use of that way, and on each of these linea cars arc running from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m, at intervals ol about two minutes. This gives a total of abouf 120 cars per hour, or 1440 in 12 hours. In Ann street, which is under 17ft wide, there are 42 can ! per hour between 10 a.m. and G p.m. The aver I age number of passengers carried in eitel) year on tho tran ways in Philadelphia is about j 05,000,000, and in Brooklyn and New York City 1 no lees than about 200,000,000. No bettor proof I t han this can be given of the surprising extent I to which tramways aro thore used, and how in capable those who control the business in ¡Sydney I uro to meet tho requirements of street trahie, They never can do it with motors. Then, coming nearer home, Adelaide and suburbs have been rendered amongst tho most convenient in the world by means of their tram way system. They use horses there., and have profited by the experience of New York, Loudon, and other cities. Adelaide has about one-third the population of Sydney, yet the tramway accommodation is equal to nearly 5,000,000 pas sengers, or very nearly ns many ns our mis managed abortions, which have cost so much, and give so little satisfaction. The last report of thc Adelaide tramway system reads : Tho number of passengers who travelled by tho cara during the half-year wns :-On Kensington lino, 1,25(-,S?52¡ North Adelaide, 814,133; Walkerville, 144,881 ; Maylands, 51,220 ; total, 2,205,132. This shows au incrooso on tho Kensington and North Adolaido lines of 232,11)0 over tho proviouB half-year, and 328,977 over tho corresponding half of last year. Tho cars have run 29,404 trips ouch way Oil Kensington line, 21.C88 on North Adeiaido, 4,262 on Wal kerville, 2419 on Maylands; total, 57,313, which provides accommodation for 4,856,292 passengers, hemp considerably moro than double tho number carriod. The linos over which tho cars now mu aro about 20 milos 1 furlong in length, mid aro in good working ordor. Tho stables have stalls for 193 horses at Konshigton ; 125, North Adelaide ; 52, Walkerville ; 52, Maylands ; and there aro iu stock, 217 horses at Kensington; 102, North Adelaide; 47, Walkerville j 45, Maylands ; 411 in all. Tho carnoso shod« have room for 22 curs at Kensington ; 18, Nori.h Adelaido; 15, Walkerville; 15, Moylands. The number in stock is 22 at Kensington ; 13, North. Adolaido ; 8, Walker ville ; 9, Maylands j total, 52. From the Directors' report wo gather that "the traffic on tho extensions to Walker ville and Kast Adelaide ia already showing a profit. Tho plant for tho extensions to Magill and Bnrnsido and tho ex tension to North Adelaide, sanctioned during last tioesion of Parliament, lias boon ordered. A portion of tho timber is now hore, and advices huvo heen reoeived of nhipinent of Homo of tho rails and cars required. There is material for very serious consideration in tho foregoing figures. There is evidence here of the unmitigated series of bungles into which tho colony has been led by ignorance in connec tion with tramway affaira. And hon. members may well pause ere giving the Government power to perpetrate further blunders of the kind. They have not the ghost of an excuse for continuing steam motors on tho streets of Sydney one hour longer than is necessary for adopting the tram way system which meets the wants of street traffic in other cities, and pays for the money invested. That system does not. murder people, as the practice is in Sydney. 