OIIAI'TBK ;II. -How I" WOOED. AND, WON It was impossible'fotf anyone to know Muriel atid not like'her ; it was impossible for me to know hor long and not! love her. A year had gone l by: since the events narrated above, and I now never allowed a .week to pass without paying at least ono visit to tho Pnmliama'liouao-often more ; and I know that after eaoh of these ooeosions I looked forward to the next as eagerly as a school-boy to his holidays. In faot, in plain, simple lauguago, I was over hoad and ears in love with Muriel Parhluun. Often in tho cool of the summer evenings :we would take walks together along tho St. ;Kilda .Esplanade or pier, the sea-beaoh, or Albert Park, oonvorsing on overy imaginable .topic but ono-tho aauso of Muriel's sorrow when I first made her acquaintance. She had novor, by any chance, alluded to the subject, and, of course, her silence regarding it was sacred to me.' ' So time possod on until, as I have said, I had known her for a year. ' It was a lovoly Doooinber evening, and wo were strolling together arm-in- arm, up and down tho pier. ? - .M "Do you remember, Muriel," I'said to her, " what anniversary this is ?-the anni versary of your unfortunate aeoidont," , She looked up in my face half-soriously, :httlf-playfully, as she replied : i " Unfortunate accident. I atn sure mamma and Esther look upon it as the anniversary of a most happy aooident, sinoo it brought .them the pleasure of knowing you," . "And for yoursolf, Muriel, doar?" I said. "Do you; share the sontimonts of 'your mamma and Esther ?" "Of course. You. ought to know I do. Don't you know I do ?" she asked, giving my arm a squeeze, and blushing as her eyes met mine. ' i' . , "I know that it is a very happy anniver sary for me, doar," [ answered. , And so wo wont on, and so wo talked. I dare say, reador mine,-yon oottld toll mo the general drift of our conversation, and its sum and substance, just as well asl.oould loll you, for you know all about it yoursolf. Everywhere It is tho samo, and tho eat is ?never lot altogotlior out of tho bag until tho saiilo 'prbliiriinat'y of lotting it peep out has ibaen'gorio'ihrbugli.' .' At'., last,I'led^ her to a soat, and thon.'I unbUi'ddnod' niy'so'ul, and poured my, talo' of lovo iritp^or'bar.' 1 reminded hor again how Svo'hnd knowii oaclt other for a'whole'year}' how^I.beliovqd.I had fallon in loyo with hor ^vhoi^ 1^ first'riaw her j how, at, any rato,I ,hadi .'sinoo,'as'surely sho had, soon .hbrsoif,' .grown1 /.to love' hor vory,. ,vory dbarly, and ,moro dbarly'ovory'day j how my wholo being was'bound up iii.hors,; and how she had be (oomo nocdssary to its happiness, if not to its ,vory oxlstoriob j .,nnd I askod , jipr if sho' oould(lovo'mo(in return, and if slio Vvould'l/o my wifo, and make mo tho happiest man In tho' wbrldi' lui'd, I vowod that if sho would .do'thifi. I «'oiild llovoto the wholo'of iny llfo anil, energy and"thoughts to making, hot* happy j au'd, who'n'I saw by hor fado what, iior.: answer: was boforo sho spoko, I drow it towards hiino, uiul, slio gave 1110 a kiss tliut HOIKIS a thrill through mo ovon now whon I think of it.. Yes, all this pawsed just ns, ?only at a muoh 'nroater longth than I liayo, ,\yritton it,.and whon wci'oae toroturuhpmo our affiance hod been sealed by more loving vows and kisses. "And now, dearest Arthur," said my :sweet girl,: " I arngoing to raise a ghost." , " A ghost, my little necromancerI re? plied, " And whose ghost are you going to raise ?" "The ghost of a'skeleton I once had in1 my cupboard," she replied. I have long ago buried it,, and have never wished or in tended. to supimon it to earth again ; but now that I am yours and you are mine, I shall not be perfectly' happy until I have shown it to you, and you know the only secret that I, have to tell you ; and as I shall never have any more skeletons to bury, I shall never, have any more ghosts to raise," she added, giving my arm a desperate liug as she smiled up in my face. And then she told me the story of Jack Arnsleigh and her self. Arnsleigh had come to Melbourne from a neighboring colony about four years ago, bringing with him an introduction to, among otherB, Air. Parnham, Muriel's father, who was then alive, ' Mr. Parnham introduced him to his family, with , whom,, his gentlemanly bearing and fenial manners soon made him a favorite.' rerv soon he devoted bis attentions par ticularly to Muriel, and at last appeared to be desperately in love with her. In return he completely won her affections, and she gave him her whole heart with all the un selfish pasBion of a girl's first love, So_ matters went on pleasantly enough, and Muriel, and he became positively engaged, with the full consent , and approval of her parents. -, , ' ' The day of the marriage had been fixed upon and was approaching; the bridesmaids were in the preliminary Btage of flutter and excitement 5 all the invitations for the ceremony, and breakfast had been issued and accented ;, and .the consummation of the happiness of the youDg couple seemed on the eve of completion; when the sudden death of Muriel's father changed the joy into mourning, and put an end for the present to all the preparations and anticipations. Mr. Parnham had been dead for more than a year, and Muriel and Jack were to bo married on the Christmas Eve of last year the year of her accident-when, suddenly, and without any cause that she could dis cover, his attentions to her began to flag, his visits to her to be less. frequent, and his manners not so warm,. Muriel was Badly distressed, for she loved him very dearly. She knew that she had given him no cause for this change, as her whole heart and soul, almost every thought of her mind, had been devoted to him since their engagement. : But Bho'could not bring herself to believe that ho could be guilty of the cruel and cowardly sin of deserting her on the eve of their marriage, and after tlioy had been already all but married, merely for a' new fancy ; and she tried to think that some false friend's Bcandal was at the bottom of it, and that she would bo able, by renewed devotion, to win back his love, ana clear away from his mind the false doubts about herself. W hen,1 however, sho received one morn ing a short lottor from him, telling her that, ho had to go into the country for some time and could give her no present address, but would shortly i write,, tho poor girl, was nearly heart-broken, for she .now began to feur tlio worst. Weoks passed, and no news from him came to her. . Her mother and sister, who had ;boen alarmed by,her pale, sad looks, now guessed the cause of; it, and questioned her. She had to tell them all, for: tho arrangomonts' and invitations muBt be cancelled. As a last resource, howover, boforo taking this step, so agonising to the poor girl's feelings, she determined to put in: The Argus the advortisomont that so power fully aroused my curiosity and interest. Sho knew, that her mother and ..sister would I strongly oppose; her doing so, for they had persistently urgod her to dismiss from her mind the man who had.proved himself suoli a baao scoundrel, and to congratulate herself ^instead upon her happy escape from having to roaliso his unworthiness when too lato. For this reason she had determined to say nothing about it to them, and to ask Arns leigh to address his letter (if he wrote) to the G.P.O. ; and thus it was that I had tho great good fortune to see her there, to assist her after her accident, t& get to know her, and to woo and win her; and thus it was, too, that the advertisement bccamo tho first link in this short chain of events lead ing up to tho greatest liappiness of my life. It is needless to go into details about the letter I saw her receivo- it was Bhort, cold, orucl. Pretending to tako offenco from tho advertisement, Arnsleigh had writton in such a way as to . put it out ef Muriel's power, if she possessed over so little solf-respect, to entertain a thought of. ever again resuming her past relationsliip to him; As I liavo said in an earlier part of this story, the effect of all this was to bring an intense sadnosBupon Muriel, and at one timo even to threaten serious and lasting injury to her health. However, hor noble solf-relianco boro her up, and brought' hor'safely through - it all; and, when at last she was ablo, on tho very day that sho was to have been married to hor deserter, to .write him a letter of Christmas charity and free forgiveness, in reply to tho cruel one which ho had sent her with tho objoct of stabbing her through hor self-ro speot, and of strangling hor wounded lovo tlion it was that Muriel Parnham rose to tho full height of her native nobility of soul, and omorgeu from the furnace of her'affliction* purified as gold.. , :( 