TOWN TALK Our Melbourne letter, and other matters o£ interest will be found on the fourth page, A number of important European and other cablegrams will be found in another column. The B.M.S-. Indus sailed from Glenelg for Melbourne at 4.30 a.m. on Sunday. Mr Heron, P.M., held a magisterial en quiry at the morgue on Saturday morning on the body of a man, supposed to be identical with a laborer known as John Brown, and apparently a German, which was fonndin the bay on the previous forenoon. The evi dence adduced, as published elsewhere, did not throw any light on the manner in which the deceased got into tho water, and a ver dict of death by drowning was returned. Information reached Geelonc on baturday morning to tho effect that Mr John J. Halpin, publican, of Leigh Road, had been found dead in his bed at four o'clock that morning. Mr Heron, P.M., proceeded to Leigh Road by the midday train, and held an enquiry, tho result being that it was ascertained, from the evidence of Dr.Pinoott, that death had been caused by Berous appo piexy. Mrs Hatpin's evidence showed that her husband had been very unwell since Thurs day morning last,beingconfinedto hisbed the greater part of the time, aud that she and a Jodgor were with him when he died, so that the rumor that he was found dead in bed was without foundation. The body of the late Mr Halpin, who had many friends in Oeelong, will be brought here for interment to-day. Mr A. D. Hunter, who it was stated was seriously hurt whilst riding from Flemington to Melbourne in a cab on Cup day, through the vehicle being run into by another cab, escaped with a severe shaking and some severe bruises, and is now able to attend to his ordinary duties without inconvenience. The other sufferer by the accident sustained concussion of the brain and is now in a pre- carious condition. Just prior to leaving the racecourse Mr Hunter and the gentleman referred to changed seats to enable the former to speak to a passing friend. Mr Hunter, now that his connection with the work of cleansing the town has ceased, intends to devote all his attention to the manufacture of manure at the butts, and intends taking every possible precaution to prevent any nuisance arising. The death of the child Daisy Matthcson on the 11th ult. at Portarliugton, under suspicious circumstances, will probably be remembered by our readers. The child was living with a woman named Betsy Matthe son, and went by the latter's name, although she was not her daughter. The general opinion of the woman's neighbors is that Mrs Mattheson very cruelly ill used tho child, and three or four. o^ them gave evidence at the magisterial en. quiry into the cause of death that they had heard the child screaming and the sounds of heavy blows on more than ono occasion af ter nightfall. The verdict then returned, Oj death from scrofulous diseases of the boneg of the chest and pleurisy, has not satisfied the residents of the district, aud a summons on sworn information, for inflicting greivous bodily harm on the child, has therefore been issucd;against Mrs Mattheson, returnable at Drysdale on the 14th inst. Mr Smith, of Batesford, whose large col lection of curios has afforded an afternoon's enjoyment to many of our townspeople, has made some valuable additions to his museum lately, in the shape of a sword, a shield, and a pair of shoes, belonging to the aboriginals of central and northern Australia, and which were given him by an English traveller of means, who spent 13 months in the Northern Territory looking for and purchasing native weapons and curios, and who left here for the old country by the woolship Ben Voir lich. The sword, a wooden one, is 4ft long, ¾in in thickness, and of a curved shape like a boomerang; and the shield is 2ft. by 9in. in dimensions, of a light pithy wood, with a surface deeply grooved, and a handle cut on the inner side. To the shoes, however, the most interest attaches, as they are exceed iugly rare, it being asserted, indeed, that a tribe is only supposed to possess one pair. They are only used on occasions of great importance, such as the assassination of a powerful enemy, and the selected murderer covers his feet with them in order to avoid detection, the shoes for this reason corresponding in shape exactly at toe and heel, so that a searcher for tracks could not tell whether the maker of them were going north or south, to suppose an instance. The soles of the shoes consist of feathers, bits of hide, earth, etc., cemented together with blood, and the uppers with an instep strap, are strongly woven of hair. Some time ago Mr Panton, P.M., of Mel bourne, had one of those shoes forwarded to him by a friend, and Mr Giles, the explorer, on one occasion picked up half a one in the interior. Those being the only previous re corded instances of those shoes falling into the possession of white men, Mr Smith may ' be congratulated on the valuable addition which a friend's kindness has enabled him to make to his museum. George Lowe, aged 11 years, and residing with his parents in Little Kyrie- street, was lifting a window on Saturday and managed in doing so to break a pane of glass, the result being that one of his fingers was severely lacerated. Mr Heron, P.M., and Mr Gibson, J.P., attended at the Police Court on Saturday morning, but there was no business for them to transact. A court for the issue of auctioneers' licenses for this district will be held at the Police Court on the 27thinst. The number of applications is 17 Complaints having been made recently that disagreeable odors arose from the manure depot below the Eastern Park, Mr A. D. Hunter, the proprietor of the depot, deter- mined to investigate the matter, and on Saturday morning he traced the nuisance to several heaps of putrid fish which are lying on the beach beyond the rifle butts, and also on the common within a few hundred yards of the Queenscliff road, and adjoining tho Agricul- tural Society's show grounds. He at once drove into town, and reported tho matter to Mr A. Hanson, secretary to the local Health Society, accompanied by whom and the In- speotor of Nuisances he returned to the common, and pointed out the nuisances to them. The three, on reaching town, laid a direct charge against the Queenscliff Fishing Company for causing the nuisance. The company's manager at first denied the truthfulness of the charge, but subsequently admitted it, and we understand that the matter has been brought nnder the notice of the town council. Thore was a very good exhibition of beef and mutton at the shop of Mr . Hotchin, butcher, on Friday and Saturday, the car casses being those of animals recently on view at the Grand National Show, Of tho beef shown the carcass of a cow exhibited by Mr P. M'ICim, of Pettavel, weighed 10851bs, whilst the mutton, consisting of two cross bred ewes exhibited by Mr )Baker, of Pom borneit, weighed 2S51bs each, . The weather throughout yesterday was very boisterous, and frequent heavy showers of rain fell. Shortly after 7 o'clock Bteady rain set in, and continued to fall at intervals up to midnight; ' * vVe learn that Mr C. E. Jones, the popular lecturer, has prepared two new lectures, which he purposes delivering in Geelong at an early date. Collections in aid of Hospital Sunday wore . made at the morning and evening services at the Ryrie-street Presbyterian Church yester day, and resulted in £18 8s 4d being ob tained. It was intended by Mr E. Wallace, evangelist of the People's Chnrch in Yarra street, to have held an open»air service on the Yarra-street wharf yesterday afternoon, and to make a collection in reference to the Hospital Sunday fund. - Owing, however, to the boisterous and rainy weather, the service could not take place,"*" but in all probability it will be held next Sunday afternoon. Special services in connection with the Fenwick-street Baptist Church were con ducted yesterday. That in the forenoon was held by the rev. E. F. Kingdon, pastor of the church, who preached an eloquent sermon from Romans 15th chap., and 13th verse :—" Now the God of hope fill you with all joy and peace, in believing that ye may abound in hope through the power of the Holy Ghost." There was a large congregation at the morning service. In the evening tho rev. E. S. Bickford preached from Matthew, 13th chap., 33rd vcrae. A very forcible sermon was delivered, the rev. gentleman taking great pains to give figures in order to show that Christianity in ' Victoria was not declining, and that the Gospel was being vigorously spread through out the colony. Despite the inclemency of the weather there was a fairly numerous congregation. Anglers at Lake Wendouree, Ballarat, are having a fine time of it. Perch, up to three and fonr pounds weight are caught in large quantities, and on Friday a fine tench, weighing nearly two pounds, was landed. It was reported on Friday that a young tradesman in Ballarat had endeavored to commit suicide by taking strychnine, heavy losses over the Cup being assigned as the cause. It appears that the individual did take some strychnine to make a scare at home, domestic affairs not being all that he conld desire. He caused a scare, but fortunately did not hurt himself or anyone olse. A terrible story (says the Japan Weekly Mail) comes by telegraph from Hiroshima. It is to the effect that on the night of the 3rd September, at abont ten o'clock, a fire broke out at the gaol, and spread with such rapidity that all the wards from the first to the twelfth were destroyed in a very short space of time. In each ward from 30 to 80 criminals were confined, and it is stated that the occupants of all the fourth and fifth wards, 61 persons in all, were burned to death, while 156 persons were more or less injured ; 120 escaped, bnt of these 15 were recaptured the same night. I In our report of Friday's shooting at Qucenscliif we are made to say, by a typo graphical error, that one of the causes which delayed the firing was the "passage out wards of the barque Tatham.'. What was in reality written by our reporter waa, " the passage inwards of the barque Kate Tatham." Mr W. P. Carr directs attention to his sale by auction, at noon to-day, of Mr Thomas Arbuckle'a cottage and land, oppo site the Convent gatesj Newtown. Wo are requested to draw particular attentiou to the advertisment which appears elsewhere, in reference to the Geelong address to Rev. Charles Strong. A deputa tion is to present it on Wednesday evening, at the Town Hall, Melbourne, and all signatures 'must be appended to-day. Mr Strong sails on Thursday. This evening a lectnre on " Luther " will be delivered in the Mechanics' Institute by Mr C. L, Thurgood. A meeting of the shareholders in the Brearley Bros. Tannery Company will be held in the Mechanics' Institute class room on Wednesday evening for the purpose of con sidering the company s affairs prior to the general meeting to be held on Friday after noon. On Wednesday evening an entertainment will be given in the Exhibition Hall by the Catholic Young Men's Literary Association, when the pieces, " The Emigrant" and " A Judge for a day," will be performed. The members of the St. Patrick's Society are invited to take part in the procession to be held on Wednesday evening. In our advertising columns. Mr George Cunningham, late mayor of the town, an nounces that be will be a candidate for the representation of tbe Kardinia ward in the town council, the vacancy being caused by the elevation of Cr. Strong to the position of alderman. The ordinary meeting of the Bannockburn shire council has been postponed nntil the 20th inst. Particnlars respecting the trotting stallion Horaley Patchen are published in our adver tising columns. 