POdME ON THE LAND BIL. . W~ (S.1. TcfirEp,.?- are not in the 'habit ofoinserting verso in our coliumns, but the followoig having been forwarded to us as the joint composition of Mr. A.. Lynch, M.P., and Mr; B3.. O. Holtermann, M.P., with a suspicion ofthe late Mr; Thomas Hood, we give it room, by no means, how ever, endorsing its somewhat murderous tendencies: One more unfort;nate : Waites M.P.'s breUth, Land Bill ipolmrtunaote Comes to it death. Farnell so tenderly P'etit with care: Old Jack, not slenderly, " '.. ...... Hamrmers it fair. Look ? itselauso. : All thick vith italic'e! There am itsprinciplcs, this i thir clothlin.,. itiolit out instontly, kaik it out loathling, Wants no deep scrtiitiy All of it's mutiny. RDlash and undutiful; 'Gainst the States' honour (So soyc Don. O'Connor , " And Brpce SmtlO , thio boaubifil). Hero coihetioi ,Annd thereo risina lon: ·:) -Everywhere tribulati n- v ..:: And loud condelnation: nrlomi selector lnd squatter : i'robm wheiro there's no water. At Bourtoke iand Wanaaring, ' And whlore tlhere is pleOnt •At least w?hen 'tis romning. Was Farnell its' ftiher ?i Or Abbott its mnothior , Os did Stuars assist them In framing this bother This Land Bill no nearer . To what we hold dearer Than was any other. Alas tfor the rarity Of politic' charity Under thie sunm TWhch -osys,. that li frui liug i' Antl i5 lso maiming'it, They lihelped cvery one., Whore electrio lihlihi uiver And thle sme dreary riveru Of 1'orlinmint epeoking-- . . • And Duehauan'es linoing ". Dlhs on at nili; 'This honl Dill so'lo g delayeyd, The friendsof it half afmid, : Stands in our sigli?t. :: , Whlatt tlioughits destiny .: : Destroysr Ministry, FromoltthiotCon g Detter tlhat.this should be Tlhln theo'land ruined should beo Lot themgoi ung.: i ?. Adlmitting their eainloss T'heir evil behouviour, ' :' : : : : And leaving thoir toadies: : No one to beslvocr. [We forestall remonstrances: from thei ghost of Tom Hood by abjectly apologising for renrinting the above; but Jim Perrier of .the 8' 1. T, who is noL'superstitious, may probably c'plain, if called upon, why he hss thus parodied "The Bridge of Sighs." Perhaps. he had some roads and bridges: menl?eors in.his min?nd's ey--EEu. N. ;T H. ~ (A,] 