OUI STORY TELLER.' WiFE OR WIDOW CHAPTER IV. (Continued.) The scene was so still and beautiful that it tootlheinl Constance's hot spirit, joust as an cool hand on our temples eases the achin hbain. She extinguishel her tight, and stood there, alborlted in her own tlioughts, until the clock below struck one, with a loud, booming sound, that startled ier terr ibly. : "I ought to try and rest," shite said, to herself ; "it is very late!" aInd was just turning to leave the window, when she saw two stealthy figures approoch the hoonscfront the'direction of the lonp avenue, and stand onsulting together. pomnting lirst to one window and then to nlother, as if delating as to the safest nmean of ingrgn. There could be no doubt that the men's intention was to rob the hotre. The ser. iants' otfiect wrc in another wing Ralto gether, where it would ie difllicult to naloni theni ; anl they, no doubt, calculatel upon not disturbing tile noster and Freleric 3lar chant; or, perhaps, their plan might be to surpriso and kill thlm in their aleep. As the thought of Ear' posib aneibsa dilner euggoestel itself. Constance grew cold anld sick, nidl icaliezl, for the list tihue, how fully she loved him. Weak as her arm was, inspirel with lrief, sudden coura-e, she felt that she could defend Edgar, anti face a dozen roblie. dauntles.. It woulll he fa sweeter to die helping hain. than to hae to face long, future yeat, upon which the light of lis pracenee might never shine. Ilnt sioe tlhrst hack these thoughts. to consider whwat ? -s ttl o ie done. Sie wa loth to diturl thle others, unless there wan actual caoue; and thicte menu, although their notive were susliclous, tliht I lianilcon, after all. Shi watcho thei again, with her face prtssedl clse nagiunst the pane, and her lheart aching witi the luail of her stillel resp1ratiotes. Tleiv cale i los uindoeiriitth her w-ill?dv, dail alitc ag.in, whlispering eagerly to getlher. The ouoai had leon partially olh seuntl by a cloud. and it came out full aii clear ooca i more, andil Itll the fair hair and upturn?ed fae of the foremost man, who sto?l pointing at lier windlow. She utterel a cry of dt.nay,. ohmane, anl fear. and sank down oil her knllc, civering her face with her lhands. "'ohi. heaven! let le dolubt, if I dare!" rshe submte~ ist. ".Spar e te uaoniiiy of rtainty; for the face i?elo, with fair hali flying in the wind, is like thie tace of aiy husband, Carl Ritter!" CIIAITEIt V. A roto.r ecollD of that sharp, agonized cer ,,ilust hnave reachirl tile two Ite, for tlhe paIusl for a nlnulte, irresolute, and peerei anxionusly upwaol Costance was iattliii dnrkly withl temnptation--the temptation that ilke herreek no certainty for her feanrs and act an if she Ild no reason to doubt that Carl Ritter was really dead. His was no comnlion face, and this below was tie very coiiterpatt. She lhad seet hin tleal, aal yet nucli thitiet Indll bee that men roee up alive out of a leep swoon, that ookedl like death, and took their plate in the world once lmore. If so, it was a hitter. cruel fate fur her: and thie prayer, stilled by rebellions nlttriltnrs, died awayn upon her lips. bhe loved Edigar Eversleigi noe--loved him with her whole soul; all if Carl Ritter were living, this love ?as a sin, and musnt hI rooted out, at the sacrifice of her very life, if neelful. It wa na tI?e ille strnggle, thogh so lbriel : hut she oCs the temptation, froa her nobly. Rising to her feet, shluue ' la p tChe sash suddenly, anl lokeol out over tihe endos of the two mee . Shoite heard a low, itter oath, hut she coauld not.Se Ihl, nor he sure that hte hla seen her, before he turnedl. with his fal hair flying behitnil him, and, followed hIy his compalnion, Iled. Constnuce was brave anil resolute lnw. She woohl kior the fiil truth. Sie woul citlher have Edigar with out the sense of a single stain oni her love or she would cast hlil out of her heart, a any price. She wouhl ose this maon clo. anml force hin to cvufeMs Iis iudeutity, if htc were really Carl Rtitter. Sheo opecl her loor, spDr l sweiftly, h softlv. doen the tairs, unllocked the gret door belowr, anid was out in thie eohll nightl i i er thin wrapper, before tihe two sen ha rcgen to thne ofth th errncer. er stronll will Garlve her winrgs. Ier l nrp loe wa hly and it helped her on. 'Thley ha tnot es prtol nluch quick pursurit, and might, tol woul tlave lthoughlt, haoe dipiel one weal woman ; hut no sooner did they J tch sigh of Ctanetre, thlin they nrushl at miad s op anit their superior strength left the inssu aaiytling but doubtful. Shie ihould never co.ie up witl thenl,--slh lIegan to see tlmat ; nul. ponsig. ashe nlle out, with a bitterneo of enitreanty that seire to express more thau ever one cry hadi teld before, "Carl! Carl.! If it is yon. coni hack !" They were crossing a narrow Ihridge ove thle rater at this minute, but both the u ein turnend. She hardnl a loil splash--a esudlde n, awf tiler---arnd, looking again, saw the mauni ilth the long, fair lair, standilng on the bridge alone. In another minute, Clonstance wa? on the spot, and the other had gained tie dlar avenue, ant dia-ppearol. "Save him, if you hve a lhelrt or a coai science i" to ??creauletl; but lie never oce turued or beedned, whilat the tnegglini aters parted, andl nalln awful face, with iil ploring eyes, that wouhl iharnt her all he life afterwards, lay on tihe surface a few everything feorotten hut the bire fact of a fcllow-reature'n danger ; bot, cvn as lto collel, the:whilte fai asne ken tite white waten-- there was a faint mBoIue of a stille] prayer for lheip-an d the wretcluad iian sank, never to rie ag?ln.- ... lie wh s wateo n norv-- on le toI hI i brt a?eaut, soenlmtuly, ii tre midslt of evi thnloghto and intetionu ; aod she hlad, aorn how, a guilt}, trenululont ftaling of laihin eauced hi dloom byI her unfoitunate pue u it. ' " She a tood foroa fr e inuotes looking tdowE aludderingly at the water, which hald no huctoue tranuii l a-in s; and theu hie sped suddenly alek to Aln hose.~--Why hadi si waotcl those pru?niius ii inoutds It mihout ie time yetto ron ue tihe unfortunate aili froul his wateiy grave, 'ni restoreo himi tc life. She latst rouse Edgar Everleighl at once. ut no sooner dit site ernter the .hourns, tlun ohe can"ht thc rolictiolu of a light oi the landing anlove, and aw pCecilia loarohanl utandingnat the top of thle thinr, oith pucoteLl and frightened fan,. " htrl ou earth is the usatter." oeii e ldaiued. '- "Tiuds ias certainly becaullse mloat extranedisary house! 1ac the Evrenleialhe, I uhould he iilciil to coo? neet these ulnsterluleoc wcitl iou y " Cons'anico did iiotnno linten to hier, bUt, faint and gaoping, darted pant her, to Edi ,ar'o door, which slie shook writh allihi he.fe a lready up. amid woa dressonluig h ndf: lut ilua very fEw oooodi llie anue oiit from CoainLuso to I ecilla ileiriugly. " Oh. you ilenhu't look at hiue," xclahntuol the latter; for Conslance could not anetuall3 pleak ?at yet. "I knwU ntthlun of 'onrseo I leace thle adlcetnore to iliss Deeriur. I necer iat one in ouy life. lint, then, I nec not ui the habit of peeaonhtnlnt il te egan?lc at dtnltof uight, wthich inay" Ie nue eXplnac tilon of the. faclt! ?Ylshi Mdiss Veering hali donle uloghieg and tiuicering. perlaps She will ho good n!uengh to tell iuawhy?li we roci reused out of our aleep at thin hoo,; enl account of her partiality for nocturnal walks I" Directly Constance could find breath, she tol Ed gar about the two men, and how one haul fallen, or been thrust, into the lake, where he was now lying. "I ant afraid he musst be quite dead by this tinle," Edgar said ; "butwr will not be satisfied with suppositions. If you will go and clothe yourself warmly, Miss Deer so. I will rouse some of the menservants ; and tlhe, pcrhanps, youa will aeompany? os with lanterns, and show its thie spot wnere he went down. I am eaor?to take yon ouat nagain, for yon look chilled to death ; but I am afraid we could not very well do withoaut yeaour lelp." lie speke to her more coldly than she Ihad evcr hearl him sepak before ; aund she knew instilnctively that shle hadl fallen ia his esteemi greatly. It et?eld i not It appear to llti hlighly in decorous that sae sholod lie in tile ganlee at such an hoar: and it seeeml? hardly stisfac tory to say that she pursuel the robber, when such a step, without special reasons, was anbout the most ridiculous that coeul have been devised. ehe couenl not hope to catch the thief ; and, even if she had, what ouhl d one weak woma do agalinst two lawless, deternenid tonn? Only lose liher life, probably, withoitt laving the atisfaction of knowing that site had tenelltteli a single living creature by the sacriliee. Ecdgar, being a mant of great natural sense and acuteness, would weigh thel e things in his own minl; and tie result mlst nIeces sarily he strong suspicion of Constance and her motives. Hii erye was cold, clear, anld stern, as lie tunrl, ill ]?illg; amid nls with a cour tesy that seneml rt eoverldislain, "I simll be'back in a couple of minutes, Miss Deer ingf if y will be good enough to hold youer tlf in readineut." lie wan scarcely out of sight, before Mrs. Everleiglh, and, a miniute later, Kante, all trenilling and scared, added to the group on the landing. nil Constance had to repeat her tale anew. It was exceedingly trying; but she went through it bravely, prepalnug herself for the lor bsvre erdctrl of rl?eating it at tile ils quest which wohld I held over tilestly. Of course, ishe said nothing of her reason fur following tile robbers: but simply stated that she hail done so, allowing them to infer what they liked. " Wihy, Miss )cering, yonu nstit le very brae!" lMrs. Evecrsleith said. "I conldi never havle done it. Ad you had no w?a ipon of any kiknd with you ?" " I didn't know where to lind one. I think I should have takent it, if I had." " Ilt you econldn t have nsed it," Kate remarked. "You would have teen too frightened." "I think not. We never know what we are cap.lde of until wn are tried." "'Then yoa are very couraoro.," nalt swere lte girl, admirinigly. 'If I wecre to hear a roller in the house, I shoultl do no thing Int ring my bell, and screal." "'Tile screaming wouhl Is particularly wise," said Mrs. Eversleigh. "'llhey would take measures to stop that the first thing, you may he anre." "Oh, mamna !"' cie exclaimted, drawing closer to lIrs. Everleigh ;' "don't talk like that --yo nuke oe creep. 1 shall never fr abide to sleep in a room alone again. I mean to take possessou of half of your Lbet from this very hour." "My dear Kate, you are a said onward. It is a goodl thing Miss I)ecring is not like "I doni't knowe alout that," said Cecilia, spitefully. "If Miss licering had left the mlten al e, insteadl of rushing after then1, and lmakingl then fancy they were piurnedl Iby a ghost, the wrctetlliclreature who is drowne would hlave been alive inow: and tone of us the poorer or tie worse for the adventure, I daresay. lit Mliss Decring was so anxious to make an effect-sosonlicitous of appearing superinr to others of her sex, that sun oouldn't Ion satisfied with ordlinary precautions. For my part, C own frankly tlat I quitCe dliserdit tile whole tale : ant believe that the robbers will dwindle down, on investigation, to some hu11ble lover of Miss Deering's, who;m shle nleets by night, because it does not suit her to ha seen in his comnpanty I day." c'Cecilia," exelainled Mrs. Eversleigh. "you really surprise lI? e ! I shounl not have exlected to hlear one ladv iake such an ac cusation against another." "I have tno donbt you will he mlore sur prised still, before loug, Mhs. Eversleigh. lBut oo see, .lisls D)eerng ihas lmalaged to glamour you all so completely, that any who says a word against her is sure to be cruelly "alias l)eering," said eMrs? Eereleigh, tnrniug to her with delicate consideration, "if oun are going with Edgar, yoa had Itrtter put atl aly fchfloak downistairs. it is a bitterly cchl night, and I atl afraid you will safter as it is. Thllere is a warn hotl, too, there, which will keep the chill air fromnt your face : and as I consider that you have cavel Its froml pecuniary loss, as well as persoena risk, I do not think Awe can pos. sibly do too much to prevellt you frnm silferillg for youtr eroism." At this minute, Frederic 1larchant, who had only just awoke to the fact of anll un usual s tr in the house, pitened his door, and put out his heral, yanido,. " \ollat all thi e ltni f iulanded row about ? I defy a fellow to sleep -hen you ladies statnd chatteing ona thie stairs.' Il[e wa totl wl mt lead happened, lrielly, alod it might kave been expected that Ibe wouhl oltcr his aid. Instead of that, Fred eric, who rwas an arrant ciard at heart, sllnt his door sharply to, and remarked thalmt as Edgar hal got the ltan-servants with himn lie sholdln't be wantted, and might as well go lack to bsh. Kate laughedl disdainfully, as she quoted, " le who lights and runs away, W\ill live to tight anotherday." Whitilst Mrs. Eversleigh said, in a tone of still clearer con:emit,: "' Fredlerli rccguises sone datnlg erat any rate ; for lie has double lockedl his iontor." A\nd then Edgar called Miss lierinog' name up tilhe stairs, and the others awaited the issue ailently ; Kate, with her telth cluattering audibly, and her bright face vely pale. 'IThey seeled a long tiue goine, and it war a great relief when Eilgar lbrought Misa Derring lack, and consigned her to Ilia sister-in-law's care; infonaing them, at the smine tittle, that the holly had beon dia coesred, and that it appeared tlto be that of a very denperate character, who haid visited their neigllbourhoodh once before, robbed aome old man, wino was reported tobe role, but lad le'en iapturml, andi bioghlt tp It fore Edgar, il his magisterial capacity. "Bitt iho'. theo, dii lie get at large again?" 3Ira. Eversleigh asked. " lie estapl from prison--lon't you re tmemtber ?-after killin,, one of the warders, and wounding two otfers. One would be inclined to judge his comnanion by Iim, and wish tht le I ihglt I renaptured. You didt teeppet; to see is farce, MlienlD'r intkin~g an heroic effnlt, siho altswered EdI|ar i" tih goes lun;flinhinly, "e I did oct' thle othter rohmr. " With sutlicienit distintlne to lin able to recognise himi aganitY " rAinmost i plninly as I see you no'r." And ceon is she spoke, she was Ibrenthing amute prayer that this mian, if he really wsere Carl b(ittcr, tililht e?scag. "W?hit wa he likts I "Ie hail lonug, fair leir, a comnplexion iof p-?ctlllar pallr, ond btol ak eyn." - "Wan lie tall, or short ." ;'-.,o "Tall." . "And sllght?" "no; ratler stout." It was ilartyrtlol" to answer these ques tiots, ald yet Edgar knew nothiug of hier miufferiags and thoght her ustnally nien and omngseid. If he Ihaql toct lier glnete, lie sonhl have sen tlhat hlier eyes wore an io-g izedr, searclhing expression; aud.on hierlips whieh lay iin ltsadlo, there -?wamu atxlU',?ir ion of rchecuance that ahnost amounted i ts defiance. And yet, when he questioned, shite answered mnechanically, and without hesitation. But lie went back to the men presently, and then shle had a respite. lrs. Ever sleigh would fain laove lingered about hier biel all night; but Constance kissed her grateftlly', nod begged that shle might be left to herself. " I amt quite worn out," she said, " and might, perhaps, sleep if I nere alone. Aond I lhae need to pray for that poor, wretchedo man I hare hurried so fatally to Ila lst aeeloint" she added, in a mornenfue tone; "I devoutly hope thiat lie had no other or wife." ,'Aol if lie had," answereal lrs. Ever sleigh, soothingly, "his life eould not have Iecn any cemfort to them. I thiok if I had a hiliand or soa who ileul saeh a life, I should he thankful for himk to die as le ldied, rathler tian alretioe shame of teeing hlio perish on the neaflmol." Then MIre. Evrccleih went back to her own room, taking Kate withl her, and Con stance wao left alone, but not to sleep. In deed, it is doubtful if a single persou ita the household managel d to close their eyes,x eeliting Frederic Iarhnloit, who declared in the n?ioi ig, weith the most perfect onion sciousthess of the heartless nature of his nas. s.etino, that e lhad never had a better night'n rest in all his life. "" I suppose not. Kate answered, disdain fully. ' Those who keep oat of hatnnn's way bie tinottloCg bht glory." lier tone nas so coatenptneus that mFred cric could not fail to realize Iw Inoelh lie had falltn in everyloby's estimation, and lie swallowed lhis reakfast as lie eoaild, nd got awnay fromn ate's stinging words and this tainifully ees. Cecilia left iimeodiately after breaklfast, declaring that suie slhoul lie very sorry to slcep anotler night in a hoose where such stratge tlhings onurrml. She did not mleet Eltgar. who Iiad gone off quite early to see a iruthetr oagitrate, and arrauge about the im uest. Ilue hotly nse still lying il Egar's study. lIe lad onlered it to lie taken there the night before. It was i this roout that the inquest was held, and Conlstance was, of course, thie principal witoes. She av hlier evideni clearly and qeietly ; nail when one joryoan, eho ueented to faity that Ihe sllowel zcml and initclligece ly askillng trivial loestionls waalled to bitsn hlnr it was tinat sce holloed a coirgeC so ntesal itn hicr so. C1nstance said, with a fainut flshl il her fae,: "I was too excited to realize ill ianuger, I believe. L?okiltg hbacm iIhaii it not, I wvitler iysell that I Iad tile ehor age to do as I hlil." "' liso Deering is quite exhaustcd," Edger said tinio' to thie Coroier. "I dlou't think we rluieintler to tty any lonnger." Certeailly irC. We are cvery tu ielth obliged to Mliss Deeriog for the intelligent eay il which shle hi giveni liher eviduence ; nat sie nuar now retire as soot as shie pleases." Cletitan- stoleh a ratres l glance toneardls Edgar, foris lina ld illterventioi, and boing gracefully, left the roont. Of coutrse, there was only one possible verdict, nanl'that vou-' Accilehntal dleat." One olticioes jiryant suggcsted that the mtitns comIIpaneion iiglht Ihave poushl liht is; lunt this viwr ofuthe voae was riornl ly thle others. Then tie room gur ltally clearedi after tlose present hail partaken of soe re freltahents, and the body rwa rrtueovel to a ilre convrniiert place, to await decent burial at thhelauds of ie parisho autloritiesn CIIAC'TIl? VI. It is a nerciful thing that s intan beings are t nlstitutetl that painft l evento althollbgh they may tnot li forgotten, lio, thleir lrso vivtdnulsi very early, aluil oly relaitn at Ilot as a faint memory, rhich seldonm le iomcs actine and troubleuone tnllsl newtly stirred. Colnstance coitil liot forget that she lcnd see a face fatally like Carl ltitter's; and yet dty by day she loat some portion of lier Teonfilenoa in this resemblance. anud begdan t thkthl at hr t ag er iaonatioas ld heatent ter. Dr. 3artiu had pronouncel ter husband tn blie dtal: and lwhy, therefore, needl ste dont thile fact itself, becase of a chliane rec aeemlblance? EveIn if Carl Ritter ad I been livetti lie eouhl not have fallen as lowta this. He uiust still, even it his great dte haIIctllt', lave some letter itnstincts left, which t oullt l guardl hlili from uIch terrilble ild radatioll. a .atilnler anl swvindler lie might lie: bt a enotmot tlief atnl Ittouse. blrraker-thliateeeioud imlpossibhle i Conltalice louged to llieve tllat it Wes loged to Ibelieve, too, that the life lie had oltale so little of was really oyer, as slo aind thought it-that ler fears lhad cxa)gerated a faitt likeness ilnto actual indestlty, atnd lha the wisest thing she could do wason to forget all about it. Thisb sle enlaeavoured to dto ; and efore three weeks were gonie, site egas to feel secure again, auld to look back pon the past adventure as a vivid nightmare, which dil briefly trotbled her rrcose. It took less time than this to restoreKate to all lier oidi ltllhtiTnss ail gaiety. One tlolnlnngt , Kate vasr gossiping with Ceinolnstauce, ail lthe suddentlly exclainlld, " qutite forgot itialillua' luesage. She ihas just bhrlarl that poor Mlary elerto, at tlhe Mill, is lying vcry ill, alid wante its to get a little broth aNil jelly fronlt rs. Otr'en's rooitt, anld take doawn to her-tllntia to say, if yoiu don't milld." "h01, no; I shouild like tile walk." " If you are dlresed firat-nutl yotu re utre to lie --will you go to iels. Oweel's roomll, theit, Mlis I)eering. be?uaosu tlhe shie will get tile tlhings erely at onlce. I ant to ihatge aty scarlet feather ito thle blackl hat." Cotlstane vwas soon dressucl, for snuelt lbeauty as lhen rteuiredl Init little ailonr mncut ; nlll thel ile at onc lesceendletl, and went and tillppell at ls. Ontelv's door. 3lrm. Owe ,vntl tie housetlceper-a stately, mriddle-aged person of Coal anion, wi-]to had titiacl Ianter Edgar, ' as so e still called Lii, whett lie was a e on , o ill loveldlilis as sline totlli lae IlovIl lher Iown soil. Site had ilcver left tlcltm since. Hler marriage to uoe of thile butlers was soot followed by wilowltood, and her tiatrinonial excperienee Ihald not ibeen so brightbttliatcoe cal to re leat it. Site was entirely wrappied up it the fauily at thle Hlall, tnow-a-day, livig in tlenlt, anl for thenl alone. lio invited Constance it, anil made olher sit down ihtilst .shle prepared the requloired thinigs, and packed theti carefully in a basket. A stoeak of notrlishitg jellies anod souaps were alwaysa kept ready for tlhe iek poor ; hut it was n ecessary to put the brotlh ito a it bottle, tid cork it dtoev tightly : anld whlilst lrs. Owen wtevo absorbed ill htr taek, Ciustliten began to Iok aliut liere. Tile ro?tn was cunifortably furnilshed, andl there were several ornaments on tihe nlatel. piece, of cena value, given her, as presenits, by ' Manster Edgar," whceit hie aitt from his aLils abroed, as sloe afterrenls explaine?. Ittt above tlhese hlu?g a portrait, which attracted all Cotistanee s atteitleti. t evan that of a ldy, -with a htiem, pFeiar faoue and tlcp, s lnndid eyes. " Whlto iotiiat ." lthe onkil, poitting to rcanli it, ctit ,rrat ilntereset. " YOm tlluluell thae pu'trait ovve tcie |il0 plac "' maid lire. Owert, evitliott turtiing "That is lacter EuIgaer'n tliaittlta." "I tlhountlt I onoticel the likeness. Site tnust ILosv e&'Iv? itram melltilfli.' " Ay, miss ; attil e'td tie granitlest tarr. lI lever sawe. We've hail htigt aeotlply here often aid oftvt, for itweao fond of society, evnS Ladly Alicia; but there neerv wonsataty of the ladies eatlte ttp to her. I'vb -en. lier often croos tihe great 'leeinig.rom with every eye npon heu, and cross it like a qujreen ; utel yet eviten slit spoke, luerlipo were all muibe, antd ier eves seeted to lighten it, am ndih brigltt cay ! anI you loveli her that otintite, and enw that her etathitem all canme of lier intral g'rce, and didn't Ihotrt luer heart" \'hen did ste dlie .'- ' (I/_ heut ctnteuil.l 