? - HOW THE M A JOTl KEPT HIS WORD -*> [From Temple Bar ] It is some years ago since the bench of magistrates in one of our Australian colonies was reinforced by the appointment by Major Hector Mornington, late of the 4th Light Infantry, who, like many other persons, had been attracted to the new country in the far south by the cheapness of its broad acres. At the time of Major Mornington's t arrival, the country was ringing with the crowded fame of a man who had adopted the fantastic appellation of " Black Robin." He was the leader of a gang, and his successful daring had rendered his name the terror of all the housewives, as it was secretly the wonder and delight of ; All the convict labourers. He scorned ubiquitous : here one day, and miles away the next ; irresistible too, for all succumbed to the bold freebooter's demands. He appeared to have moulded his conduct according to the traditions of i thOse famous highwaymen of old, in ~ whose. steps he desired to walk ; cultivated a reputation of fan tan tie chivalry to woman, and for a kind of capricious Ü generosity ; And. prided himself on never \- 1 rinsing fatally the firearms he always carried, and on keeping his hand unstained 0 CbyCbloadshed, Other idle and unprincipled a young men. have mapped out a similar 0 programme for themselves since the days 0 r of of Black Robin ; but generally the sequel turns out very different from their n first purpose. The hand may be withheld from the stain of blood for a while, while 0 all goes on smoothly ; but when danger to thickens, or pursuit grows hot, or when greed Senhor be satisfied without violence, oVal denne of theft as soon allied to that of O^ftaurder. "Ce n'est epic le premier pas quit ' 'cottle.'" 0 2 But Black Robin still stood on the 0 brink of that fatal rubicon of blood, which O she would surely cross some day, and thus 0 half-conscious admiration of his boldness mingled still With the associations of terror that clung to his name. His ex '. '-plots were in every man's mouth, and his astonishing activity gave people ' > enough to talk of. One day it was the mail coach, with its freight of passengers 0 land treasure, that had been attacked. Every man had been mulcted in his ') 'watch and purse, while the lady travellers had escaped scot-free, with reassuring 0 words from the captain of the gang. Another day the police in pursuit of them ' ) i were surrounded and disarmed in a blood- less affray. And again-boldest of J full J-sit stalwart fellows in short black masks, who could be none other than Robin's i troop had in- i traded at a harvest dance, where they ' had levied black mail on the men, and with insolent audacity had spun round the room in a dance with the prettiest of the girls, before they had vanished again into the night And darkness, as swiftly as they had come, no one know whence nor whither. It was too bad. Every one waited in trembling expectation, wonder- ing what would happen next. ) When the district magistrates met again on their next court day, after 1 this last and impudent achievement, a long and anxious debate was held as to the measures which should be adopted for the capture of the gang. Much indignation was expressed at the pusillanimity of the men in general, and of the police in particular, by persons who had been lucky enough hitherto to escape any chance encounter with the bushrangers. No one reprobated their conduct more forcibly than the new magistrate, Major Mornington, who, accu" tomed to the more expeditious course of justioavin-tne long- sottledcountriesiof the old world, was not disposed to make such Ambient allowances for the difficulties attend ' ing its administration in wide sparsely populated districts. 2/s " The sympathy that crime meets with in this country is scandalous ! " he exclaimed with vehemence, " It is a hot and a disgrace to the community. The police, I'll swear, are in league with these blackguards, or they are all cowards. It's a crying shame that a gang like that should thrive amongst us, and that their necks should have escaped the halters long." _ , r ! , " Yes a very true," replied his offer of colonist composedly ; " but we are, doing our best t J catch them. And fellows like these are confoundedly difficulty to get 'hold of." a _ ( "ByGepr^o! I wish I had the chance of coming face to face with them. I'd make shor'l^work,, with Master Robin and his crew, if they were to cross his path A ''Gotthold'! to think of those young fellows Tlllffwiiig the robbers to (take their partners from them'! What -stutf-nre-TOur young men made-of-here JJ' H''IItl"i^0U forget that they were un- armed, and the bushrangers carried i a revolver apiece' said the other magistrate quietly. i OT t f'Tu' ?*;u" i Want of pluck want of pluck J" sneered the major, "'All thieves are cowards at heart. Show .g/.tjhem'a bold front and they will fly from 'the doubt that, if the thief have loaded pistol and you have none," re marked another of the party. "But we f will wish you better success than we have had hitherto, Major Mornington and I, j Tfor one, shall be truly glad if we owe the capture e)|tJBJfaok Robin to your co-opera action.," ,. ù ' i i - ex- ,. _ "i.. . ,, . . ..iq5pLtel battles \---." I'orslod I vhfiH parcel.oLcprnmon highwaymen," was '^eVMeqúent rejoinder. J\ The discussion then turned into a gentle eao^álcbannol,,and,bnitho uieuaurçs,rtp {be .eolRrJfl^IW^-.^iW oF J»0»5 °fe3u4'y sapuring.thd Country, and unearthing the a ¿ÄrX^eWfroÄÄ^ ment. .FiÄllWtpe'fCouncil of mails .snotistooseparaVe^ríWí^regaht *_._?.Various ItTPtVjjC0.' the shadows ere lengthening, , and several had a long way to go. Major 'Io,HttforhingWu'sïarnÏTay in adiflerehtdiwo-, tion to any of the others, and as he if si "i riding 11 away one of his brother magis edi states asked- , the same "Are you not armed, Major 1 "No, air. What for at this time of the day, I should like to know 'if " a MI"[Bushrangers are abroad at all hours one of the day, and always carry my revolver when I am alone," said the former speaker. 'Pool.!" was the Major's somewhat contemptuous ejaculation; "I am not afraid of them." , ,, Nevertheless, as he rode away from the little village, and looked out on the wide as a belt of forest stretching away lonely and M J silent before him, and remembered how few and far between were the i "? human dwellings in these solitudes, he could not but acknowledge to himself that, he might have been better, had, he brought his revolver. He had spoken with a touch of bravado, for, in truth, he had started from home in a hurry, and had forgotten to take it with him. He i carried more money with him, too, thin ^?WaBr-iconsistont with prudence, having < called that morning at the village banters ; but The he consoled himself with the reflection that this 1 circumstance could not be known to any stranger he might meet by the way. He rode an excellent a; horse, find trusted to the fleetness of his race should he encounter any suspicious looking individual. In common with many people of his stamp,' he believed that, call them as you would, whether by the picturesque; colonial, term of bushranger which has, quite a pleasing sort of sylvan sounding, or by the a more downright and less euphonious oW r world name of highwaymen, all robber ' must of necessity be east in -' Btrtaawtwm pair ,(.717 (. f It'l (? -i i . '<!? I' ' ii . n < ' i. I- ii i.- i I-I stereotyped and easily recognisable mould of the stout-built, heavy-jawed, sinister eyed, traditional Bill Sykes type. He was prepared to keep a careful look out for such characters, and if he should perceive any of that sort stealing out from behind a big tree, or creeping stealthily from under the shelter of some wide, drooping, umbrella-shaped fern, or pop- ping up suddenly from behind a thick tuft of rushes, he felt sure he need but clap spurs to his trusty steed in order to be borne far beyond their powers of pursuit. It was rather ignominious, as he could not but fool, even to think of the possibility of flight after his valorous words to his associates ; but, on mature reflection, he could not but admit the truth of the axiom that had been pro- Sounded by thought., that a man who does not carry a revolver is not on equal terms with him that does. He was not sorry, therefore, when, on looking round, he observed a horseman approaching from the direction of the very township he had just quitted, and, as the stranger drew nearer, he perceived the latter to be of youthful and rather prepossessing appearance. His dress, though dusty and travel-stained, was such irr fashion and material as gentlemen wear, and fitted him well. His horse, a thoroughbred, bore the marks of fatigue but the rider sat him with an easy grace, which rendered his jaded condition less apparent than it would have been under management less skilful. He tailed his" hat slightly to greet Major Mornington, and was palming slowly onwards, when the latter spoke in response to his salute. '' You have the advantage of me, sir," he exclaimed "I have not the pleasure of remembering your face." He felt lonely, or possibly he would not have troubled himself to speak to a stranger. But people who are newly arrived in the country, and are introduced to any entire fresh set of acquaintances all at once, as' the Major had recently been naturally made it difficult to identify them at first. He did not possess the happy "royal " faculty of recognition, and was therefore often perplexed by the effusive cordiality with which he was greeted by persons whose individuality he vainly strove to recollect. Thus it caused him no surprise to _ find that the young man, whom he did not remember ever to have seen before, appeared to know him quite well. I' No I" replied the stranger in a cheery voice "I daresay you do not. But I have seen you on the bench, Major Mornington. Our public men are easy to to oguiBO, you know." " True, true ¡"siidtho Major graciously, for he liked to feel that he belonged to the circle of notable ones whom everybody knows. Hitherto, while dwelling in crowded cities, when he was but a unit among vast numbers, that proud consciousness had not come much within his experience. One likes to be a great man. even though it be but in a limited circle. The deferential manner in which the stranger had addressed him impressed him favourably and as he looked more closely I at him, he thought the companionship of this young and powerfully mode' man might be both safer and more entertain- ing than a lonely ride of some eighteen miles through the forest ranges to his home, < " Which way are you going ?" he asked, therefore, when they had interchanged a few commonplaces. " To X-," replied his new acquaintance, naming a township a couple of miles beyond Major Moringtons's farm. ?' Why, that is close to my selection !" he said in a tone of satisfaction. " Are you Settled there?" "In. -a sense auly^oingjitoyyisitts^ B-" (naming the station of some wealthy sheep-farmer iii the neighbour hood). .' I am well acquainted with the various families in the district, and they all know me pretty well at any rate by name We have all heard of each other at least, though even we do not know each other personally, in those Wall circles of society, you see." he added, with a pleasant smile. " Vyoll, we may as well ride together, as we are going the same way," the Major said, with some condescension, for he felt that he was conferring an honour on the young man. " That is, if it is agreeable to you." Most happy, if my horse can keep up with yours, sir. But that is doubtful, for he is pretty nearly done up, poor boast " " You young follows are too apt to take it out of your cattle, and especially in this country aad~"chmate," said Major Mornington, as he eyed the handsome but sadly jaded horse of her companion, who, having accepted the invitation, was now riding close by his side. "I suppose you are too new-fangled here to remember the old adagôlhStrbida ' a merciful man be merciful to his 'be used'" " Mercy's a fine quality when' you can afford it," returned the other with a light laugh. " And I cultivate it, sir, quite as I much as I can afford ; but, sorry as I am 1 for my poor boast, he must carry me on till I can replace him. That is a fine one of yours-a hunter, eh ?" . , c i Yes," answered the Major, promptly, for he prided himself on his knowledge of horseflesh, and the praise of his horse was precisely the kind of flattery to which he was most susceptible. He was soon deep in the pedigree of his steed, a subject in which, the younger man ''evinced'' such intelligent interests greatly. raised him" in the other's estimation. s/He its fine horse, though I say it. But I'm never deceived in a horse-dray, nor layman or woman either. I say krmjvled» of human nature and, of horse-flesh, go together, Mr-Mr--" ' - j " Robertson," said the stranger, supplying the name for which his companion had, so to speak, put out his feelers, all hope your discrimination won't be at fault here, sir.' You'll need it all in these colonies. We've all sorts of characters here." i . , is Y Y .^«1»ut¿tytl Mr. Roberton)f the world is selfsame' all-over,'ar/d^have seen a, )fOvd bit of: it ere now.' /OFeoh^ÎMsas^ portation' has been a bad thing for the country. I are quite willing Boisdale that. But it's all past now, and let me tell you, sir, if your young men were to show a little more pluck, we should soon stamp out all this blackguardism, or bush ranging, or whatever you please to call it, by which your country is infested." The other agreed with him, and the conversation passed on to the bushrangers and their latest exploit, of which Mr. Robertson gave some racy! particulars, which provoked the Major's laughter, and caused the time to pass quite pleasantly. They had left the village and the few out- lying homeBtoads far behind, and had entered the dark forest of tall monotonous eucalypti. Not another human being was in sight, not a sound was to be heard in the pauses of their conversation, except the rustling of the tree-tops, or the crackling of the dead leaves and brushwood Under their horses' hoofs, as they moved along. " Are we on the right road 1" asked the Major. " I do not see the track." a " Oh, it is quite right. I am just cutting off a corner we shall be on the truck again in another minute" j " You seem to know the country well V the Major said a little doubtfully. I " Oh, perfectly 1 I am almost like a native, having grown up in those parts.! I know every nook and cranny among those ranges." Thus reassured, the Major rode on beside him, and the younger man kept up the conversation with much vivacity. The solitude was intense, the silence of nature unbroken but by their voices I Suddenly, out of that silence, a TMW cautious note rose, sounding strangely like whistle in the distance. The Major reined in his horse to listen, as the nose died away, (I 'N,,,,,',,",, M , t I I say !" he cried sharply. " What's ' that? Eh? Any fear of Block Robin and his gang of rascals in these parts ! It's lonely enough for anything." Mr. Robertson, who had not appeared to notice the sound, stopped too at his companion's words, and both looked in- tently in the direction whence it had come. Only the loaves rustled gently in the faint breeze which scarcely stirred them. " Pshaw !" he said unconcernedly. "It's nothing. A curlew screaming, perhaps. You are not used to the wild bush sounds yet." ' I could swear it was a whistle, though !" And the Major strained his eyes again, to see whether he could detect anything human that might be moving among the gaunt white tree-stumps, which stood like ghosts here and there, stretching out their seethed and leafless branches, among the waving fern fronds and the solemn verdure overhead. Mr. Robertson, perceiving his uneasy iioBB, drew out a pistol from his breast, and fired a random shot.. "There!'' he cried merrily, as he examined his weapon and replaced it. "That will frighten away any danger than may be lurking in the air, " The sharp report echoed through the stillness of the forest solitudes, and frightened a flock of great white cockatoos which had been taking an afternoon nap on one of the tall tree-tops at a little distance. They fluttered their wide wings with a whirring sound and flow away hur richly, uttering shrill, agitated screams. Clouds were creeping upon the horizon, and the wind which had suddenly risen, was swaying and rocking the branches of the old trees, whose dingy verdure grew duller and dingies as the grey cloud mantle spread itself over the air, and obscured the radiance of the day. The scene had become singularly dreary, and the Major felt an eerie sense of loneliness. Not SO his companion, whose spirits seemed to rise with the wind. "Come away 1" he cried gaily. " There's a storm brewing. We had better got on Let's see whether there's a canter left in this jaded beast !" So saying, he clapped his spurs to the horse's side, and they plunged deeper into the forest. Major Mornington did not find the speed altogether convenient, for the ground was rough and uneven, but was fain to follow his leader. He was not yet an experienced bush traveller, and his pilot, the sun, having retreated behind the clouds, he would have great difficulty in knowing what direction to take had he been alone, for the track had not yet reappeared, and the tall grasses and thick scrubby undergrowth made progress rather perplexing I say! you might have chosen clearer ground for your canter," he cried. " Pull up a bit, can't you, till we got into the open." They were now in a deep dark dell, where prickly shrubs and tall ferns grew thickly, and a range of low hills shut out the distant view. "Ay ! day returned the other briskly, and with a sudden movement he reined in his horse and sprang to the ground. I " Stay !" he said, as he looked at the Major; "your saddle girth is unloosed. Let me fasten it for you." With these words he was at the head of the home. The Major alighted too, and stood beside him in another minute. "What do you mean, sir ? ' he asked in some surprise. " You are mistaken. The girths are all right." " Oh, are they ?" said the younger man coolly. "So much the better. Then they will not need settling." As he spoke he looked up with an tiàjffipvmmiié, -ins said ;??-" ...--TTJ-^» "I am sorry to inconvenience yal, Major-for we have had a very pleasant ride together-but I'm afraid I must trouble you for this horse of yours mine is fairly knocked up !" ', " What is this,' sir? Have you gone suddenly mad ? Let go the bridle of my horse-this moment, BY side you hear?'' cried the Major, when he recovered utter- ance, after the first pause of breathless astonishment. He did not know what to I think of his companion, over whose countenance an extraordinary and most bewildering change had passed in a moment of time. A strange flush of wild excitement glowed on the sunburnt cheek. and his eyes glittered with a light half mocking and half ferocious. Was this a madman with whom he had imprudently ventured his life in that lonely forest dell? " Let go, I tell you," he exclaimed, between contending feelings of anger and alarm, "or I'll teach you" and he raised his riding-whip with a menacing gesture. ' as they'd !|' cried the other, in a bold, de termined voice, and as he spoke he again drew out his revolver, and covered the Major with it. " Hold ! or you are a dead man is;' . in, Those were not the stories, the gestures of madness, but they were none the more réaaBUrI.og.| S N " You impudent blackguard !" roared the Major, toW'angry to consider consequences. " Don't think to use your blus- ter with n)e.er Don't youngest, that I am a magistrate 75's, "to Les assail the other with a loud laugh. J; "And I am Black Robin, whom you are plotting to catch, but who has been. too deep for you this time. He had haI" And the wild laugh for rang out, and was caught up and prolonged by the echoes among the hills. ? Monterais may seem longer than hours Sometimes,' and those were bitter moments for the soldier and magistrate, , while 100 stood facing the bushranger, and the handy of the latter lay lightly on the trigger, which by a single hasty movement rmigUf go off. it It was not fear that he felt, but raging anger, to think is w stupidly he had suffered himself to be scared, 'Could be by a dexterous movement seize the him that held the pistol, and dash it to the; grand, meet hir-treachoroua Top J*ojJejljlj£j*quaL terms, and close road 3osflja4iSggfo with him ~ ! The other, ' quick as he was cunning, road-his thought and anticipated the movement. " It is no use, Major-stir, and I fire. Yield, mm, or take the consequences. Be advised in time life is sweet." The Major's arms fail sullenly to his side, as he uttered a deep imprecations. The bushranger laughed again; and once more at that very moment'-, a long, 'low whistle was distinctly audible in the distance, blending strangely with the mocking laugh. " Don't blaspheme," he cried, with saucy unconcern, "It does no good, and I hear that my friends the, curlew s are not far off. lean bring them to my side in a minute. But I prefer to do thjfjgTquiotly. I must have your horse, you BOOM for I am hard up, and must; ' help myself. I'll have to trouble you too, for that suit of clothes Of yours.' Thoy'rb very nice, and mine are sadly the worse for wear." What depths of humiliation may await even the brave in tliii'changoful life! The Major looked helplessly round, but there was no p visibility of escape. It was fatally true that there was nothing to" be done but to submit or die by that felon's hand. It is a fine thing to die on the Gold of battle, fighting for home and country, with thousands of spectators to wa tell your gallant deeds, and to hand down your name's glorious inheritance to ad- mining posterity at least we try to think so when necessity corners But to be shot down like a dug by the hand of a common robber, and to be left lying all so honoured and unsung," in a lonely forest doll, to become the prey of the fierce dingo and wild carrion crow 1 it were a wanton waste of life I I . - So. [Major Mornington > ' deemed-and deemed, wisely, no doubt under the cir- Colwill and- j ayah) ' cumstances. With deep, but impotent anger raging in his breast, he was fain, nevertheless, to make outward submission, which was doubly galling to his pride, when he remembered his vain- glorious speech of the morning. Slowly and sullenly he proceeded to divest himself of one garment after another while the bushranger, having hung up the horses by the bridle to a low-stretching branch, coolly did the same, never, now over, for a moment relaxing his cautions watch of his victim's movements. "I want a new suit badly!" he said choose fully, as he examined each article in turn. "Mine was good enough in its day, but I have taken the shine out of it, and beside it is a trifle too well known by this time. Don't trouble yourself to remove the pocket-book, Major" (detect- ing a dexterous but ineffectual attempt on the part of the latter to conceal it "It will come in fine and handy for me ' When the exchange of clothes had been effected, and the bushranger stood arrayed in the Major's fresh, well-made Suit, he glanced at himself with keen satisfaction, and, nimbly leaping on the other's horse, raised ; his hat to him with mock courtesy - "Good-bye!" he cried; "must not j hope to meet you again, for I fear the meeting would not be pleasant for either of us ; not for me certainly. Let me hope you bear no malice. Wo fellows must help ourselves as we can' I He pointed out the direction the Major should take in order to recover the track. Finally, as he was riding away, he turned back as if by an after thought, and, drawing out his revolver, throw it down on the ground where the Major stood, speechless with mortification and futile rage. '' There!" and he laughed again. " You can have it now, for it has done its work to day. It may be useful to you, in case you meet some of my fellows by the way. And I don't mind telling you now-it isn't loaded. I shot off the last barrel to let the boys know where I was, and there was only a flash of powder in that, so it wouldn't hurt. Point it well and look dangerous. That answers all the purpose quite as well as if it were loaded, and is much less risky for the neck ! Ha, ha !" " You impudent scoundrel-" began the irate Major, as he darted forward in the vain hope of arresting the bushranger, " You-" But the words fell on the empty air. The saucy rogue put spurs to his horse's side, and, being an agile rider and a light weight, was over the hilltop and out of sight, in what seemed a moment of time. Pursuit, with the jaded horse now left to him, was hopeless. and the baffled. magistrate paused in his first breathless run, as he read used this fact, and uttered in a deep and angry tone, the solitary but significant words " Sold !" Then he sat down ruefully to think it all over. It Sdouiod almost like a dream ; the whole thing had been done so quickly. The transfer ration of his lively companion into the notorious bushranger had been difficult to realise at first. Surprise had to some extent paralysed him, and he felt horribly mortified to think how he had been doubly fooled. He looked down upon himself, in the dusty, soiled garments of the cunning thief with disgust, but resolved that he would, by all means, keep the secret of his adventure from the outer world. Then, as there was nothing olflO to be done, he picked up the revolver, which he found to be unloaded, as the fellow had said, bestrode the jaded horse, and, fearing lost the storm should over- take him, made the best of his way home. It was dark when he arrived, and having confided his experience to the wife of his harem, Edwy «graed.tukf'iaa.iU» arsenal close. It oozed out, however, after a time, as even the most carefully kept secrets have somehow a knack of doing ; but the Major having overcome the first smart of humiliation, had the grace to join in the laugh its narration invariably provoked. Black' Robin mean while rode away triumphantly on the stolen horse, and flourished for some time longer in his borrowed plumage. On quitting the Major he fell in with a party of police, who bade him stand and give an account of himself. " 1 am Major Mornington," he said boldly. The police?, a fresh detachment, were not acquainted with the new magistrate's personal appearance, but they thought the man before them looked to a young to be an officer on the retired list, and Robin, all unarmed as he was, ran imminent risk of being taken upon suspicion. Perceiving that his statement was received with evident demur, the fellow, never at a loss, saucily held out his arm, and turning down the neat white cuff of the Majors shirt sleeves, said with a smile of superiority " All right, my men. Look at the mark, and satisfy yourselves." The chief of the police was convinced, and became profuse in his apologies for doubting the pseudo-magistrate's word. Black Robin graciously forgive him and rode on, escaping once more through the power of that matchless audacity which had helped him out of many a previous scrape. The sequel of his wild, lawless career was tragic as the termination of such lives mory fails to be. There came a day when, brought to bay, he fought desperately for sheer life, and the weapon he had carried for so long for rollicking intimidation was used in deadly earnest. He was outlawed, and lived for sometime, like a hunted wild beast, growing more and more reckless and ferocious, r Every man's hand was against him, and at length he was tracked to his last hiding-place, and in the scuffle that ensued, while he struggled to break through the line of his captors, he was shot down, time escaping the gallows, which otherwise had surely awaited him. 