IKlovelist. HARRY BLOOMFIELD ; OH, TJI15 ADVENTUUKS OP AN I5A11LY AUSTRALIAN SQUATTEK. ' BY ANGUS M'LEAN. ? (Continued.) I This was a dangerous and awkward charge to entrust lo me, and I wished in my heart that tho dclicate confidence had boen placed in . some more disinterested hands, for I ? found my heart in a strange place of excite ment after the late interview with the beauti ful Sydney girl. My great disappointment at Edith's inconsistency — the proof of which I had that day read from her own letter to my sister — instigated the sudden revolution in my feelings towards Winnie Graem. Hero was a charming creature, equally if not more uuuutuiii unu uccuiiipnsueu man lug one wiio deserted 1110, and, as I suspected, she loved me more passionately and devotedly than ever Edith had. But how was I to act in the present juncture? Would I become a traitor to my friend Hamilton, who had placed such unbounded confidence in my fidelity. It was a hard struggle, and tho temptation I feared was beyond'my power of withstanding or resisting. But lest my friend should sus pect anything, some unfortunate voice whis pered that I should go often to visit Miss Graem. 'I thank you for the confidence you place in me, Hamilton,' said I, ' but theso love affairs are rather delicate subjects to interfere with. However, I shall use my advocacy in your favour so far as is consistent with my own conscience.' 'That is right, Bloomfield ; I shall expect no more. And now before wc part I trust you will visit my uncle Graem any leisure hour you find, for T have so many engagements that you cannot expect mo to accompany you always, especially at business hours.' I took leave of my friend, and directed my steps toward my hotel, where an invitation to tho Governor's ball awaited me. I visited Graein's frequently, for I found myself irresistibly attracted to the enchanted bower, where I freely drank intoxicating draughts of lovo. I became a great favourite with the rest of the Graem family, for Hamil ton's sake, among whom were young beautiful t flowers budding, but none promising such charms as the eldest displayed. I lived in Elysium during tho few days which preceded the Governor's ball, and Edith Mowbray was almost entirely banished from niy memory ; but once or twice when I thought of her a sudden pang shot through my heart, and an involuntary sigh escaped mo, plainly telling me that she still held a deep hold on my affec tions. I had not betrayed the trust placed in me by Hamilton by a word. I faithfully advo cated his cause, but without avail. Winnie, insteadof inclining towards him, daily widened tho breach, and at last actually forbade my introducing tho subject at all. Alas for human nature. This resolve on her part pleased rather than disappointed me, for I had now more proof of tho reason by which she was actuated. I felt flattered and lost. CHAPTER XXXII. Tins aovEimon's ball. The much-talked-of ball at length arrived, at- which Her Majesty's new representative in Victoria entertained the then ciitcof the colony. Much speculation had been indulged in of late in Melbourne as to tho impression which tho newly-arrived Governor would make on tho publio. His popularity in the colony, it was known, would entirely depend on sagacity and good government, qualities which his pre decessor had failed to manifest. Elaborate preparations wero made in the shape ot pur chasing dresses, especially by the fairer por tion of tho community, for tho grand occasion. I arrived moderately early at Goverment House, tho ball-room was fitted out for tho occasion in magnificent style, and all the arrangements wore carried out with taste and completeness. The ladies wero dressed in a gorgeous and expensive style ; but I was not a little proud to observe that tho lovely Miss Graem excelled them all in beauty and brilliancy. Tho notice she attracted before she had long arrived was manifested among tho group of gentlemen around mo. ' Who is she ?' said one. 'My eye3, what a stunner!' exclaimed another. ' What a glorious creature. Does any one know her name?' asked a third. 'Ask Bloomfield thoro,' remarked one of my acquaintances ; aqd an eager crowd at onco gathered round mo, pressing mo for tho wished-for information. I answered with as sumed indifference — ' A11 ^ know about the lady is that her name is Miss Graem, and that sho is a Sydney native. ' 'By jingo,' said one, ' I of ton hoard o£ the beautiful Sydney natives, but novor until this moment had such proof.' ' Bloomfield is a luoky dog to bo ac quainted with such a rare boauty,' whispered another. Hamilton came near at this mo ment, whon I stopped toono sido with him. His first observation was — 'Doesn't Winnie look'wcll to night, Bloom field?' ' Sho looks charming, Hamilton. All tho gentlemen present are struck with her beauty, bo that you mustlook sharp after your prize.' ' I think that you ought to assist mo in tho dofenco of tho fair citadel, Bloomfield, and monopolise her company when I am not near, for I would tire her tiy pressing my company too much ; and besides, you arc gotting an im mense favourito with her,' ' Poor Hamilton,' I thought, 'you are not so deep in lovo matters as you are in legal ; otherwise you would not rely so much on your frioud's assistance.' I felt for the moment a strong conviotion that I was not dealing hon ostly with my friend. But, alas ! tho conscien tious scruple soon vanished when I found my flolf engaged with Winnio in the mazes ot the exciting dance. Oh I tho delirium of those ' delicious moments as we whirled round the brilliantly-lighted hall. Tho consciousness ihat I was lovod in return by the acknowledged belle of the ball, whose dazzling loveliness at tracted so much attention, was sufficient to break down the barrier of reserve which I had constructed for the sake of my friend Hamil ton. I shall leave my case in tho hands of a jury of bachelors, who may havo found them selves whirling in tho dance under circum stances similar to my own. I could not help acknowledging my lovo. Several times the image of Edith Mowbray appeared to iny mind'B oyo ; but remembering how cruelly sho had deserted mo, pride each time came to my relief. ' Ah ! ' I thought, ' would sho were hero now to sec the charming creature that leans on my arm, and return the affec tion which sho has spurned.' Twice I imagined, while meditating thus, that I caught a glimpse of the deep-blue eyes which haif kindled my boyish love, and the same graceful figure in the person oi a lady who whirled with her partner near us ; but I was too full of my own thoughts to take much notice ot the resemblance. I remember pausing for' a few seconds to rest, and also to give my partner a better op portunity of replying to my ardent proposals. My arm supporting her waist, and her left hand rested upon my shoulder, while the other was detained by me. Thus we stood back out of tho course of tho dancers. I bent my faco close to her ear, saying — ' I shall bo very proud, Winnie, of engaging the greatest beauty here this evening it she will only say tho little word that my heart is yearning to hear.' Sho blushed and bent down her eyes, as if shunning tho ? gaze of some ono behind, in which direction her eyes were turned, without replying to my question. ' What do you say, lovely ono ? Am I then mistaken in your affection ? For pity's sake, relievo mo out of my misery.' A gentle pressure of both her hands inter rupted tho protestation, and sho whispered — ' The lady behind will overhear. She is casting suspicious looks towards you.' I changed my position a littlo in order to face a lady and gentleman who I know wore standing like ourselves out ot the dancc to rest, when my eyes encountered the same orbs which had flashed upon mo several times in the waltz. Was it dreaming or was it the ghost of Edith Mowbray which stood before me? I was transfixed — unable to move or articulate a word. A stifled scream proceeded from the lady, who but tor her partner's as sistance would havo fallen. Her cheeks be came very pale, and She appeared as it about to faint. Her partner assisted her out of the saloon, while 1 stood where I had first seen her in a most pcrfcct state of bewilderment. Winnie gazed at me in utter astonishment, and her words,' ' Como into the air,' brought mo to my senses. ' Willingly,' I replied, conducting lior mechanically through the throng ot loungers. ' Do you know who that lady is ?' sho en quired eagerly. ' I think I do ; but I am not certain,' I re plied evaBively. ' I noticed her several times watching us during the waltz. But what a lovely woman sho is, far handsomer than poor me, although you flatter me so;' said she, slightly pouting. ' Sho is not handsomer Winnie ; o£ that I am positive; but here comes your cousin, and ho will find out who sho is.' When tho question was put to Hamilton, ho exclaimed — 'Bless you, that was Miss Mowbray, a connection ot tho Govornor's by marriage. Why, everybody is crazy about her beauty. I hcard'a-lot of fellows arguing whether sho or a certain other lady I know is tho hand somer, and opinion seemed to be divided., But I believe sho is engaged to the Private Secretary, Mr. Stanley, who is a ncpliow of tho Governor. Why, what is the matter with you, Bloomfield ? You look as it you had seen a ghost.' After leaving Winnio with her mother, Hamilton and I stepped into tho refreshment room. I now remembered, that although I had told him of my disappointed love and tho fickleness of my fair ono. I had never men tioned her name. Now whon he was apprised of the facts he manifested groat surprise. That Miss Mowbray was still single confoun ded us, nor could wo account tor the mystery. ' Why,'shelias repented, Bloomfield ; you'll find that out yet. Tho fellow appears to be quite spoony about her, sticking to her like a leech since they entered the hall ; but sho does not seem to earo very much for him.' 'What is ho like, Hamilton? I was so confounded that I never noticed his looks.' ' Why, I must confess he is a handsome fellow, but not so manly in appearance to my fancy as you are.' Our conversation was interrupted by several friends entering tho room, amongst whom was the Colonial Treasurer, who camo noarmo, saying with a significant smile — ' Hullo, Bloorrfield, you must be in high favor hero. Tho Govornor's private secretary was inquiring whether a gentleman of your name was at the ball to-night, when I answered him in the affirmative. He was also enquiring about somo other name which I for 'got ; but on hearing who you wero ho was satisfied. I expect to hear you being sent for one ot thoso fine days.' I guessed the reason of the private secre tary's enquiries about me, although I did not satisfy the Treasurer on tho subject. The re action which suddenly took place in my feel ings. on beholding Edith Mowbray so unex pectedly was most extraordinary. Although I had wished; her presont several times that evening to witness my eonquost of the beauti ful Miss Graem, and to see with what indif ference I treated her inoonstancy, when she actually stood beforo mo I felt like a criminal, especially when I suspected that sho understood what had passed between my charming partner and myself. However, on reverting to her letter I considered myself quitojustifiodinmy conduct and perfectly free. I debated with my self on tho subject while returning to tho ball room, whero I beheld tho object of my thoughts. Mr. Stanley was still in her com pany, or rather was her partner in a dance. On the next dance being about to begin tho gentle man, after a whisper from Miss Mowbray, ap proached me, introducing himself, and adding: ' I havo the pleasure of informing you that I am commissioned by Miss Mowbray to pre sent her compliments, and ask that you will favor her with your company, as sho has somo news for you from your friends at homo.' I observed that Miss Mowbray had left the hall when Stanley came to me with tho mes sage, and whon I accepted tlio invitation lie conducted me to a small apartment or private room. On entering he announced my name, formally introducing mo to Miss Mowbray, and then quitted us. Edith was standing in tho centro of tho floor, and approached me with a sad kind of smile, saying — ' I am happy to see you, Mr. Bloomfield, after such a long separation. I liopo you havo been well since last I heard of you.' ' Perfectly well, Miss Mowbray ; you are welcomo to Australia.' 'Thank you. Pray, take a seat.; I liavo some news to toll you from home,' she said, placing a chair for me, and taking one lier Belf.' ' Home news is always acceptable to a colonist,' I replied in the same cool and dis ant tone. She heaved a deep Bigh, whioh sho strove to conceal. 'I did not imagine,' she said, 'when wo parted in England many years ago that our meeting again would be so cold and re served. ' Neither did I, Miss Mowbray,' I replied coldly; ' but timo alters many things it Booms,' A pause ensued, during which I for the first timo that evening scanned tho faco of my companion as sho sat with her head bent downward, nervously playing with her watch chain. Sho was littlo changed since I had last seen lior, cxcoptthat from a girl sho had expanded into a woman, and that her beauty was in a much more pronounced character than in those old days. I was struck when I heard her voicc with its similarity to that of Edwin, her cousin, whom sho resembled also in faco. From somo unknown cause she started several times at my voicc as I spoke to her. ' I suppose you have not heard as yet that your sister Rose and my brother Alfred aro married,' she remarked in a trombling voice. ' I had a letter a few days ago, intimating that the marriage would take place in a week from that date.' ' Then you havo heard from Rose lately ? ' sho added, with seeming uneasiness. ' lior letter was written after you left for London to join your aunt ; but I never sus pected that it was your relative who camo as Governor hero, for Rose never mentioned his name, but said that he was appointed an Indian Governor, and was returning thence.' ' So ho thought himself ; but ho was ap pointed for this colony at tho last moment. Did Rose say any more about mc ?' sho on quired timidly. ' Sho did, and even cnelosed mo your note to her from London,' I replied significantly, while I watched my companion's counten ance. . I perceived that she trembled at the words, and turned away her face. _ I judged that she was agitated, but con sidered that sho deserved tho pain which was inflicted by tho news. ' Of eoursc you thought tho news in that letter extraordinary, and I may oven say cruel.' ' I expect it is too lato to talk about tho subject now, so with your permission we will drop it,' I replied coldly. ' I dare say you aro right. Tlio subject is too painful to bo introduced at our first meet ing, and I expect you are impatient to get back to the ballroom. I trust you will forgive me for detaining you so long from your beautiful partner, who I have no doubt will be the future Mrs. Bloomfield.' ' Not before Miss Mowbray is changed to Mrs. Stanley,' I replied bitterly. ' That will bo never,' Edith remarked with emphasis, surprising me very much. ' But you havo not mentioned the lady's name,' Bho pursued. ' I must confess sho is ono ot tho handsomest girls I over beheld.' 'Ilcr name is Miss Graem — a native of Australia. So you see, Miss Mowbray, we can produce passable specimeus of female boauty.' ' I fear sho may get jealous at me detaining youj so wo had better return to the ballroom. But beforo wo part I must ask you to visit mo some other day, as I have several things to say whioh our short interview at present for bids. I shall inform my aunt who you aro, so that your company at Government House will bo always acceptable.' ' Thank you, Miss Mowbray ; I shall avail myself on your kind invitation on somo future day. Aro you engaged for the next waltz 1 If not, may I liavo tho pleasure of engaging you.' ' Undoubtedly for the sake of old times, Mr. Bloomfield.' , Sho took my arm, and we re-onterod the ballroom just as a waltz was beginning. I saw Hamilton with his cousin walk away when Edith and I took our places dn the floor. Thinking that Winnie was indisposed, whon tho dancc . was over I enquired for Hamilton. I was informed that Miss Graem's party had left, and that sho was unwell. I was very uneasy on hearing this, and feared that Hamilton had revealed my secret. After parting with Edith in better humour than I had anticipated at our meeting that evoning, I gained my hotel, my mind filled to overflowing with strange and conflicting emotions. CHAPTER XXXIII. A PAINFUL INTERVIEW. The day after the grand ball had far advanced beforo I left my couch. Tho events of the previous evening appeared to my mind like a strange dream. My sensations were of the common kind experienced by thoso who meditate with a cool head over tho .doings and sayings of a night of glitter and gaiety that carries people invariably along beyond their everyday pace. I now felt ashamed ot tho vows I had mado in the ear of AVinnie Graem, and which I could not now fulfil till Edith Mowbray became somebody's wife, for I was resolved not to bo the first to break the troth which we had pledged. Ono thing I could not fathom — why Edith declared so positively that she never would become Mrs. Stanley. Could they have quarrelled or broken oil tho engagomcnt? That did not seem possible, as they had appeared very friendly at the ball. But who else then could she havo loved so deeply? Who else could have caused her to desert licr affianced lover ? Theso were tho questions I asked myself without finding any definite or reasonable answer. My mind was much disturbed about Winnio Graem, and tho Bad look sho had cast at Edith and myself as sho left the ball room lingered before mo. I resolved on visit ing Hamilton at his office about the timo of closing business, so as to havo an uninter rupted interview with him. Parliament was to bo opened noxt day by tho Governor in person, and great preparations wore going on amongst tho members for tho special occasion. Punctual to time I arrived at Hamilton's office, whioh I found liim about to leave ; but on seeing mo ho asked me into his private room. I was sorry to seo that ho received mo very coldly, and that something unpleasant , pressed heavily upon his mind, I opened tho conversation by remarking— ' You Beem very dull, Hamilton, after last night.' ' I wish I had never gone to tho ball, Bloomfield,' ho replied solemnly. ' How is this? Surely you could not wish for better enjoyment?' ' It may havo proved very pleasant to you, Bloomfield, but I fear it has proved tho reverse to mo. I am quite miserable since.' 'I am very sorry to hear it, Hamilton ; but to tell you the real truth my own happiness has not gained by tho event. But how is Miss Graem? I was told when I attempted to seek you out that sho left unwell.' ' She was taken ill as you wore informed, aud she was confined to lior room when I left this morning.' ? ' I am vory sorry to hoar it. I suspect sho had to dance too often, and got overheated, which is rather dangerous.' ' I fear thoro waB more than that tho cause of her indisposition, Bloomliold; somothing that may prove more serioug.' ' And liavo you any oluo to what that ia, Hamilton? There used to be no secrets ' et .ween us, and I trust that I havo not forfeited your confidenco Bince last evoning.' ' It is a painful subject for me to mention ; but as you aro concerned I consider it impera tive onmc to inform you, although I will aquit you of any treacherous intontion in tho matter, I havo found out at last Winnio's unknown lover, and if I am uot mistaken you have guessed him also ot late. You need not col or up, Bloomliold ; I am not going to lay any charges against you tor a breaoh of trust ; for I well understand now the delicacy and hesita tion you manifested whon I proposed that you should pay some attention to my cousin on all occasions, and particularly at Government House last night, in order to keep others from paying theiraddresses to lior. It was not un til you held that conference with your old love, Miss Mowbray, that tho truth flashed upon me, and that Winnie's secret was mado man ifest. After I loft tho refreshment room and returned to her, wo wentamongst tho loungers, whon she eagerly questioned mo on tho sub ject ; and I must confess, wheedled the whole secret of your former engagement with Miss Mowbray from me. Tho revelation was too much for her, and she then told mo tho secret of her own love. I could easily per ceive the agony she was suffering when I told her I suspected her unknown lover. Sho could not deny tho charge, but craved that I should not by word or hint betray her secret to you. I did not exactly promise that, but satisfied her at tho timo ; for since I informed you before that there was such a barrier be tweon mo and her affections, I have thought it more honorable to apprize you of the real facts that we may determine on the best course to pursue for the future. I must now declaro to you that it any promise of marriage has taken place between you and my cousin, and if you consider yourself free from your engagement' with Miss Mowbray, I will freely withdraw any pretensions to my cousin's hand, although it will cost me a soro pang. I need not say that this is greatly for her sake.' ' You are a noble fellow, Hamilton. I trust though that matters will turn out better yet for us both. As you ' havo said, I had some suspicion that I was the uncon scious and undeserving object of Miss Graem's attachment ; but then I never dreamed that wo would meet again, and did not think it well to apprise you ? of suspicions, which might after all bo unfounded. I must say that I was partly sorry that Miss Graem's family came to Melbourne, and that I was thrown in her way through your friendship. You may imagine tho delicate position I was, placed in through the confidence you reposed in mc, and the great tomptation which was daily beforo mo in tho company of your charming cousin, and under which I almost surrendered, notwithstanding my loyalty to you. Tho words I- uttered last night while in the excitement of dancing with Miss Graem I do not think Bho took much notice of, so that yet -she is free from any engagement with mo.' ' What a fool I must havo been, Bloom field, not to foresee tho danger of throwing you so much together. I fully exoncrato you from all blame, and admit that you havo acted honorably in the matter. But let us dismiss this painful subject, and return to your own and Miss Mowbray's affairs. I would like to know how your conference last night ended, and whether itjis to bo peace or war between you.' I wont through as much as was permissible ot tho details of the conversation between my self and Edith. ' Sho repents. You may take my word for that,' ho said, when lie had heard me out. ' Another such consultation, and she will surrender. Stanley is not tho ' man for Gal way ; ' you may depend upon that. It must be another case of unknown lover, liko my fair cousin's. These ladies are a mystery, which we poor bachelor devils arc unable to comprehend.' I explained to him my position in regard to Winnio Graem. ' You should call upon her as usual by all means,' lie said, ' otherwise she will sus l-ect I havo told you all ; for I would not for the world that she thought you in possession of her secret. I have now no fear of your committing yourself ; and mind, if it is a case of separation between you and Miss Mowbray, I shall not stand between yourself and Winnie. So good-bye, and no more oxouses.' My friend then parted with mo for that day. After leaving him I directed my steps to wards Mrx Graem's house for the purpose of ascertaining how Winnie was after her sudden indisposition on tho previous evening. On enquiring of one of her sisters I was conducted to the drawing-room, and after a littlo delay Winnie made her appearance. Sho looked far from well, and a sickly smile played upon her face as she invited me to sit down. ' I was' grieved to hear that you had been taken ill last evening, Miss Graem ; I fear you took too much cxcrcise during tho first part of tho night.' _ ' It appears so, Mr. Bloomfield. Indeed, I was so excited and happy on the occasion that I was quite regardless of anything but dancing. It is often the case that in the midst ot onr happiness somo calamity or sick ness overtakes us.' A deep sigh escaped her. She bent down her head, and fixed her eves unnn hnr hands. ' I have just loft your cousin, Mr. Hamil ton,' I said, 'and he led mo to understand that he had communicated to you certain facts regarding the position in whioh Mis3 Mowbray, whom you saw last night, and myself stand. I consider it due to you that I should make some apology for my behaviour last night, to show you that I did not intend to trifle with your feelings. What I uttered wero tho true sentiments of my heart. Little did I imagine that I should meet Edith Mowbray at tho ball, or even see her again in this life. Her presence in tho colony still un married surprised mo very much, for I had heard from my sister that she was to be married shortly, and had actually withdrawn from her engagement with me, which I suppose she considered as tho result of a childish freak, but which I on my part would not havo broken for worlds. I need not go through- tho his tory again, Miss Graem, as Hamilton has told you tho details. I may, however, say that I do not consider myself free from my early vows while Miss Mowbray remains Bingle. I had positive proof in her own hand writing that she had reposed her confidenco in another, and I had more spirit than to cravc back her love. She, howevor, declared last night that a - match with the Governor's nephew (tho Private Secretary) was not to tako place ; and who her lover is I am unable to discover. Tho. reason she sent for me last night was to connnunicatc some news from my friends at homo, particularly about licr brother's marriage witli my youngest sister. I am exceedingly Borry if I have in tho slight est degree interfered with your cousin Hamil ton's prospects ; but as I havo said, the subject need not be pursued further at present.' ' I wish I was of your disposition, Mr. Bloomfield,' replied Winnie with a perceptiblo blush. ' I would sacrifice anything, oven life before love, because I believe it is given to us from above, and therefore not our own pro perty to freely deal with. It is too hallowed a thing to bo bartered or trilled with. As for your interference or obstructing my cousin's expectations I think every person is freo to act for himself in such a delicate mattor. With re gard to my returning my cousin's noblo and generous affection, I am not capablo of doing so, for I have no heart to give him, and that ho already knows. If, however, I am so un fortunato as to love in vain, I would sooner entrust my happiness to my cousin than any other.' I perceived that Bho was affected very much, and thorcforo changed tho subject to remark on tho grand party of tho evening beforo ; and after some little talk on that subject, she rogained Hotuc of her usually lively spirits. After an unusually long visit I departed, promising to return next day. CHAPTER XXXIV. A BIltANOE I'HOI'OSITION. Tub day for the opening of tho first Victorian \- ' ' ' ' ? ? ? _ Parliament — a day memorable in tho history of tho colony — at length arrived. Tho Council chamber was filled with ladies, and crowds of spectators, who could not gain admittance, stood outside the doors of tho Parliament House. Tho approach of tho Governor and party, who camc under an escort of tho troops, nnd whoso advent was announced with firing of guns, caused a thrill ot expectation in the breasts of those who woro to tako part in the work of legislation. Whon wo wero sum moned to the Council Chamber I saw Miss Mowbray blooming as usual amongst tho Govornor's party, and my heart beat as I had not felt it teat for many a day as our eyes mot, and I fancied that she smiled in tho distance. I attended for some time closely to my Parliamentary duties, and did not visit Miss Mowbray, though I several times saw Winnie Graem, and endeavoured to show her the attachment I had had for Miss Mowbray, in order to excuse myself somewhat for my conduct at tho ball. Sho took all I had to say in good part, and never showed that sho cared in the least, except onco I thought, when she was asked to sing 'Tho native girl's lament,' which the reader will remember, and whioh she backed out of, while a hot blush suffused her face. Some days after tho opening of parliament I received a note by tho Governor's ofderly. It was from Edith Mowbray, and requested mc to see her at Government House as soon as possible. I of course posted away to fulfil the engagement, but not with the very plcas antest of feelings, for I surmised that the marriage with Stanley was perhaps being brought on by the Governor and Miss Mow bray's aunt, and that I was wantod to give a releaso from the engagement. When I arrived 1 was shown into the same room in whioh our first interview had taken place, and there found Miss Mowbray looking even more blooming than before. She received me with great cordiality. After sho had cxcuscd herself for sending for mo, and I had made my excuses for not attending to my promise that I would visit her, and after wo had chatted for a few moments about Miss Graom's health, while I noticed her watch my countenanco narrowly, she said — 'If I am not mistaken I think I heard that you have a cousin or second cousin in Australia named Baxter.' 'I have, Miss Mowbray; he is managing my stations on tho River Murray.' 'I believe he resembles you very much,' sho added, lowering her gaze. ' There is I believe a great resemblance between us. But who told you ? My cousins, tho Maxwells, who were dig ing with him.' ' Oh 1 indeed you arc right. I heard him. mention tho Maxwells, and ho was very partial to them, particularly tho young ono.' I felt rather nervous during this conver sation, and began to play with my fingers, when Edith, who was also somewhat embar rassed, noticing the ring that Edwin had given me, asked mc to see it. I took it off, and handed it to her. 'Oh 1 what a rich ring that is I I suppose it is colonial gold and manufacture. Let mo seo what are these initials, E.M.,' she said, with excited curiosity. But on deciphering tho initials a sudden pallor spread over her faco as she involuntarily said, ' 0 my God 1 what have I done Instantly checking herself, however, she covered her face with her handkerchief. I was fairly mystified at this singular con duct. -Could sho havo imagined that I was actually engaged to some other lady having thoso initials ? ' You aro doubtless surprised at my con duct, Mr. Bloomfield, but that ring on your finger was tho means of explaining somo doubts which wero in my mind. You need not look disturbed when I say that I have discovered a little secret of yours. It was yourself that became gold-digger and partner of tho Maxwells, and not your cousin Baxter. Is it not so ? ' I was fairly found out, and admitted my deception. 'But how did you imagino it to bo so ? ' I asked. ' Simply by that ring ; because Edwin told me that he and Baxter had exchanged rings with their initials engraved upon them, and faithfully promised to wear them ever after wards in remembrance of their friendship while at tho diggings.' ' I must plead guilty to the 'chargc, Miss Mowbray, but I trust you will pardon the little imposition I played upon your cousins. When I explain the true reasons tor my digging under an assumed name you will not con demn me altogether.' I then related the events which had induced me to become a digger. ' I will excuse you, Mr. Bloomfield ; but at tho same timo I must remark that tho impo sition was carried rather too far ; for, if I was rightly informed, you surreptitiously became aware of somo secrcts of mine whicb were in my cousin Edwin's possession. It was really too b&d; to deceive the b'oy.' I could perceive a smile playing upon Edith's lips while sho spoke. ' I indeed became aware of some trifling matters regarding you at 'our first acquain tance ; but beforo we parted a moro serious and overwhelming disappointment to mo oame to my knowledge—that I had lost your love for over. This was confirmed afterwards by your own letter to my sister Rose, which filled up my cup of misery,'. ' 0 sparo me, spare me, Harry 1 I know all. But did not my letter state that there was Bomo mystery in tho case which I could not toll or explain ? ' ' I believe it did, Edith. But what know ledge could heal my wounds whon. you declared that you had transferred your lovo to another ? ' ' It was in that tho mystery lay. But what use is there in lamenting what lam unablo to explain ? Oh I Harry, if you knew all you would both pity and forgive me. But— alas — I shall bo tho greatest sufleror.' ' You make me moro miserable than ever, Edith,' I replied. ' What seoret could induce you to break tho vows wo entered into ? And why hide it from mo and prevent mo judging of your notions? ' ' I may bo forced to explain tho whole yet, but not now,- Harry. Do not press mo too much at present. Let us chango the sub ject. Wo changed tho conversation, and my fair companion surprised mo by asking with much earnestness to introduce a measure into Par liament for the protection of tho diggers against licence hunting and such inconve niences. When I asked her how sho know anything of tho diggings, Bhe said the Max wells had told her tho abuses under whioh gold miners suffered, and as I must know all about them, sho hoped I would bring 'in a motion on tho subject, and do my best to get the support of tho mining members. I tried to excuse myself, .Btating that by a Bquatter and supporter of tho Government, which leaned to tho squatters, such a motion would Bhow my want of confidenco in my leaders ; but my fair companion would tako no cxcuso, but said if I turned tho Government out I could form another Ministry. Sho told mo bIio had reasons for asking mo to take action, which she might reveal somo day soon ; and I was compelled before leaving, to promiso to consider tho matter, and see what could be , done. . CHAPTER XXXV. TUB MYSTERY EXPLAINED. When I returned to town tho first placc I visited was Hamilton's office. ? After discussing somo political subjects of tlio day, I introduced that which now occupied my thoughts. ' Well, Hamilton, I havo been meditating lately on your pot scheme, 'The Gold-fields Bill,' and havo at last become convinccd of its necessity in tho colony, provided that it can be passed easily through both Houses.' 'You aro a trump, Bloomfiold,' said ho; ' I knew you would somo day como to that conclusion; and I have no doubt that some of tho members on your side of tho House will follow when they see you taking an active part in favor of tiie measure. Should tlio Ministry view it as a want-of-confidenco motion, all the Opposition will support it in a body. Now, since you command somo influence among tho squatting members, I think you ought to take chargc of tho Bill, and I will of course give it all my support. I havo got it ready drafted, so that you can go through tho clauses, and BUggest any amendments that you think necessary that would not materi ally affect its principles.' A great sensation was manifested in the Assembly when it was seen that a supporter of the Government intended introducing such a sweeping measure, and ono so antagonistic to tlio deolarod policy of the Ministry. I was then warmer in feeling and in blood than now, and was accordingly persuaded to attempt tho difficult task. The eventful day camo round for the second reading of tho Bill. I moved it, in a specoh which I am atraid was all too crude. Feeling, however, ran high, and tho Bill was carried by a con siderable majority, though tho tfovernment opposed it with all thoir forces. The result was the resignation of tho Ministry and the formation of another Cabinet by, reader, your humble servant. ? As I left tho presence of His Excellency, after handing him a list of my friends, an orderly conducted me to the littlo room in which I had previously conversed with Miss Mowbray. Sho was thoro again, sitting in the same place, with the same healthy bloom upon her checks. I had caught sight of both her and Miss Graem in the Speaker's Gallery during the debate, and was curious to know what she thought of the war of wofds.' ' I oongratulato you on your entrance into public life,' sho smilingly said upon my ap pearance. ' You seo I was right in my con jecture.' ' Thank you, Miss Mowbray. I must con fess that my unlooked for success has beon mainly attributable to the charming influence of a certain fair lady,' I said, smiling. ' You remember tho old proverb, Mr. Bloomfield — ' A faint heart never won ? .' ' ' ' A fair lady,' I added on seeing her pause and colour up. ' But I have not won the fair lady yet, although my Bill (her Bill I almost said) is safe.' ' I thought the young lady was also won, judging by her looks the night of the ball.' ' If you mean Mis3 Graem, sho is still free from any engagement with me. Miss Mow bray.' ' I have no right to question you on sueli a subject, Mr. Bloomfiold ; but so far as ap pearances went, and a fow pnsBionato words .which accidentally oame to my ears, I con cluded the case was settled.' ' I must confess, Miss Mowbray, that I ex pressed myself unguardedly on tho occasion you mention; but when you are made acquainted with the oircumstances which prompted mo at tho timo you will not bo surprised. I became slightly acquainted with Miss Graem some years ago. I must admit . that she made a strange impression upon my mind — not that I actually loved her, or that my early vows wero in danger through her singular charms — but meeting her lately after an absence of somo years, and on the very day when I received Rose's letter with yours, telling me so sad a tale of my first love, the feeling which I had entertained for the Aus tralian girl camo back with trebled force. It was when smarting undor that disappoint ment that I sought refuge in the warm heart of Winnio Graem, whose affections I found I had unconsciously possessed since the first day I had met with her. I was confident that you were either engaged or married when I made the declaration you heard, an;i little thought you were in Australia at the time. I have, however, withdrawn tho proposals, and explained to Miss Graem that I did not con sider myself free from my first vows while you woro single.' ' And now I suppoBo you want me to release you from theso vows, Mr. Bloomfield ? The yolco is rather burdensome, I prosumo? ' ' Hold, Miss Mowbray I do not judge me rashly. I have not given you any reason so to presume, nor have I in tho slightest degree varied in my constancy. ' ' Pardon me, Harry. I havo boen the guilty party myself,' she interposed, giving way to emotion. ' Oh 1 Harry, if you but knew what I havo suffered. But I dare not explain, for if I did you might think my con duot unbecoming a woman.' I took her hand in mine, and as my eyes fell mechanically upon its exquisite symmetry, a ring made of colonial gold, with initials upon it, attracted my attontion. Ono look was sufficient to solve a whole world of mystery. There glittered beforo my staring eyes the vory ring I had presented to Edwin Maxwell, and beside mo sat tho make-believe Edwin in tho person of tho first keeper of my love. Tho whole mystery was now explained. Edith had loved 'Horace Baxter,' and had thus considered it impossiblo to unito her fate with mine ; and now when she discovered who tho supposed Baxter was she felt voiy much inclined to sacrifice all her feelings rather than toll mo sho had been at work with mo on the diggings. How could I have been so very blind ? I could- see everything so clearly now. But that a delicate and tenderly-brought-up girl would have thought of coming to tho diggings, disguising herself and encountering all the hardships and dangers of an early gold-digger's lifo, I could not have dreamed at the timo. The happiness which filled my heart at the knowledge that after all I only had possessed tho lovo which was given to me in years gone by at tho other side of tho world, made up for every pang which had been drawn for mo by adverse fate. ' Do not your distress yourself, my darling Edith,' I whispered softly in her ear. ' I havo guessed all ; your secrot is revealed to me.' She instantly unooverod lior eyc3, and gazed with alarm in my faco, exclaiming — ' How ? Is it possiblo V' ' By a ring. Just as you discovered that I had personated Baxter.' She sprang up as if sho wishod lo loavo mo, but I held her tightly in my hand. ' ' Oh I for goodness sako let mo go, Harry ! You will hate mo ever after this discovery. I know you will.' ' Stay and listen for a few seconds, dearest Edith. You misjudge mo greatly. Your noblo conduct deserves my admiration rather than my hate. I shall not allow you to escapo until I hoar from your sweet .lips that you still love Bloomfiold, alias Baxter. Allow mo to remove that hand which hides thy beautiful eyes.' Tho story was long, aud although it would not all bo interesting to tho reader, to mo it brought tho vory acmo of happiness. It was a tale filled up certainly with Btrange incidents. When I left homo she had been sent into Wales' by her father to some of his relatives, and while there had beon compelled to affect to receive the addresses of Mr. Stanley in order to throw her friends oft thoir guard as to lior truo feeling. This had been attended with unfortunate conso quonccs ; for while it had made my sister be lieve sho had become cold in regard to myself, it brought down both upon herself and mo tho. vovongo of poor Ellen Arnold, who had magnified to me tho assumed attachment be cause. Edith had robbed her of her admirer. Her brother next became engaged to my sister Rose, and Mr. Mowbray died almost imme diately after, leaving his estate very much in volved. Putting off his match till he should be out of difficulties, her brother had started for the gold-fields, and she hearing that I had beon killed by the blacks, and having no wish for anything now but to bo near licr brother, prevailed upon liini to allow her to accom pany him in the guiso of a digger. They went to tho gold- fields, assuming tho names of their couBins — Andrew and Edwin Max well. When they left my sister was given to understand that they had gone to Wales, and hence my total ignorancc of thoir where abouts. I need detail littlo of what Edith told about her Australian career, as tho reader already knows most of it. Ho does not, however, know that ere her departure for tho old world, long before our exchange of lings, sho had fallen in lovo with Baxter, oven after hearing from him that his cousin Bloomfield was safe and well. The seoret of her grief in going away from tho colony was partly lovo for Baxter and partly regret that sho could havo treated Bloomfield so coldly. As licr brother was to be married to Rose, and was displeased with the supposed jilting of his intended brother-in-law, Edith did not care to remain at home, and, an opportunity offering, she joined the family of tho Gover nor, then on his way to India. At tho last . moment, however, and just as sho had' given up all hope of seeing aught of her Australian lover, the destiny of the Vicerogal party was ohanged. Our meeting at the ball, how sho at first thought I was Baxter, and afterwardB imagined I must be her old jiltod lovor as I breathed words- of passion in tho ear of tho beautiful Miss Graem, was all detailed. Than camo the relation of how wo had found each other out by our rings, and we sat faco to faco without a secret between us— tho past cleared of the mist that to me had enveloped it, and tho present mado bright as the sunniest day. ' I fear, however,' sho said pouting as she concluded, ' that you will shun mo for ever now that you know all that I havo done.' ' What, my adorable Edith ? Do not talk in that way. I lovo you far more, if that were possible, than over I did beforo. You after all never deserted me, for Baxter and Bloomfield were ono and the same. You havo never yet seen tho real Baxter, and if when you behold him you prove fieklo enough to lull in love with him, I supposo I must put up with tho disappointment.' ' No fear of that, Harry. But can you for give my going to tho diggings and per sonating my cousin Edwin ? Was not that indclicatc ? ' ' Far from it, my noblo girl. You mado a great sacrifice for tho sako of your only ; brother ; and, besides, you know that it you made a fool of mo, I practised a littlo impo sition on you ; so in colonial parlance wo may 1 cry quits.' ' We again plighted tho troth whioh had been in jeopardy so long, and in order that there njight be no opposition on her aunt's part to her choice of a lover, Edith intro duced me lo that lady, telling her I was then one of His Excellency's advisers. The im pression I produced was, I flattered myself, good ; and after a brief visit, in which much progress was made, I took my leave and re turned to the city, my brain filled up with a host of warring thoughts on tho subject of lovo and politics. I think, however, that Cupid carried the day. ? CHAPTER XXXVX CONCLUSION. Political affairs were satisfactorily arranged, tho loader of tho Opposition at my request accepting the post of Chief Secretary, leaving to inc one less important, and better suited to my tastes. Hamilton was placed in tho posi tion of Attorney-General. And so the Govern ment business was resumed. I had not visited tho Graoms, or seen Winnie for some timo past, owing to my lato engagements, which had not.left mo a sparo moment. On the first opportunity which presented itself, therefore, I directed my Bleps to Mr. Graem's cottage. As I was entering tho hall a little chatty girl, with whom I had always been a great favorite, met mo in tho passage. With a significant gesture for mo to keep quiet, she whispered iu my ear that sho was going to listen at the drawing-room door to hear her sister Winnie sing her song about the native girls. This was evidently the lament which 1 had so often wished to hear. I therefore becamo an eaves-dropper to plci^o my pert little companion^ Tho door was a' little ajar, and I could just perceivo tho graceful figure of tho singer as sho sat with her back towards us. After playing a few airs, whioh wero among my favorites, sho bo gan ' The lament.' Tho words wero simple und tho air plaintive. I saw that tho song contained a history of the singer's lovo for me, which had gone forth unrequited, and been attended with so much misery to her. As she finished the song I heard her voice falter, and as I knew tho cause of her grief only too well, I was obliged to wipe away a tear or two that would como forth at tho moment, to the astonishment of my littlo companion. Seeing that it would bo injudi cious to intrude at this time, I bound my littlo mato at tho door over to secrecy, and telling her I would not stay just then, took my departure. On telling Hamilton afterwards what 1 had done ho commended my judg ment, advising mo not to visit at Mr. Graem's, as my prosonco would bo tho opening up of wounds that were slowly closing. His frionds had persuaded Winnio to take chango of air at the station of a relative in Sydney, and sho had promised to bestow her hand upon him on her return. A few days afterwards I read with a sigh tho name of Winnie amongst tho passengers by one of tho Sydney steamboats. It m'j'it bo that I had seen tho last of hor. For a lime, owing to tho Governor warmly espousing tho causo of his nophow, I had fgars about tho advonturo of Edith und my solf coming to a successful conclusion. How over, tho fickle goddess, who had smiled upon mo in politics, gavo mo one of her sweetest looks in lovo, and tho Govornor's prejudices melted away. Ho called mo aside at tho oloso ot an Executive Council meeting ono day, after I had defended lib conduct in tho Houso in relation to some despatches forwarded to tho Secretary of State, and told mc that as Miss Mowbray seemed partial to mo ho would offer no objection to tha match. Tho marriago took place shortly after with all tho pomp and oircumstanco likely to attond a wedding at Government Houso ; but ot tho risk of incurring the displeasure of my fair readers I must not stop to describe either tho dresses of tha ladies or the details of tha cere mony. ' Whon wo — that is Edith and I — had bidden good-byo to our numerous frionds, and ' departed amid a shower of old shoos, us is tho usual custom, we soon found ourselves out of Melbourne, on tho. road to tho North, scamper ing away at a high rate of speed. Tho buggy I drove was light, and in it I had a pair of quick-footed bays, which meusured the dist ance with a rapidity only known to tho early Aijstralian traveller. In consideration of the great wish whioh Edith had to visit tho scens v of our digging exploits, wo turned our horses' head:; somewhat out of tho true course foriny station on tlie banks of tho Murray. Tho country seemed considerably changed since last wo traversed it ; but on reaching Sand hurst' where wo had first met as diggers, tho alterations in all things were more apparent. Large and costly buildings stood now on tho very ground where we had been digging ; and wo beheld a thriving town where commerce had sat down as a companion lo alluvial min ng. On leaving Sandhurst next day wo passed through another familiar spot — Long Gully — where our first gleam of luck had shone upon us; and here also tho chango was very ap parent. Next came tho memorable Eagle llawk, where another mushroom town had sprung up. On looking around me I was at tracted by a largo hotel bearing tho name of John Brown on its signboard. Here I thought we might refresh ourselves and horses beforo proceeding further on our journey. We were rather surprised to find in tho good humored landlord my old friend Jack Brady. When wo were quite alone I asked him how it was ho had returned from Europe, for ' I thought,' I said, ' that you went to tho old country.' ' So I did, Mr. Bloomfield ; but I soon re turned again. The home country held no in ducements for mo to stop. Nearly all my friends had either died or gone to America, and tho few who remained would not countenance such a notable character as I had become; so Tilly and I thought it best to ' ' bout ship,' and take up our quarters in the most hospitable and luckiest place wo ever lived in. Having a good bit of money left I bought up the very ground where I held tho lucky claim, and erected all llieso improve ments upon it, where I do a pretty good stroke in tho public line.' 'I am glad to hear that you aro doing well, Jack. But aro you not afraid somo old acquaintance will recognise you ? ' 'Not in tho least. Tho old hands are getting fewer every year ; and should an odd ono come round they would never recognise tho supple Jack Brady in tlio stout Jack Brown, the publican.' ' You have certainly changed a good deal in appearance, and accumulated a fair pro portion of flesh. Ilut how is Mrs. Brown ? ' ' Bless you, sho is as well as possible, and nearly as stout as I am myself.' At this stage Mrs. Brown entered with a young Brown in her arms, who crowed lustily when ho saw us. His mother certainly looked as if hotelkcepiug agreed with her. She was much stouter than when I last saw her, but had lost none of her good looks. When we had left tho hotel after a lengthy stay Edith told me that Mrs. Brown had recognised her as the Edwin Maxwell of the diggings, but that sho had promised to say nothing on tho subject to her husband, who did not suspect anything strange. Arriving at the station after a long but pleasant journey wo woro welcomed to the new house, which I had only completed a short while previous. I introduced Edith to ' my cousin Baxter, and saw a smile play across her features as she thought doubtless of tho part which his name had played in our lato history. Dan and his wife were the next persons to greet us. 'Oh, C'cail, mille failtlic, lady, may tho blessings of St. Patrick pour upon your beautiful head,' he exclaimed, with true Hibernian zest, as ho took oil his hat in deference to Edith. ' Shure, Mr Bloomfield, you should have given us far moro warnin', till we'd have made better arrangements.' ' And cookcd us a three-decker, Dan?' I asked. Dan only laughed at the recollection of his exploit in cooking. As we visited the outbuildings of the station we met Lachlan Tommy, with his swarthy Itiaing Sun, carrying in her arms what I sup pose I must call a native star. ' Well, Tommy,' I remarked, ' what job do you take in hand on tho station now ? ' ' Meself sometime gentleman, Bometimo shepherd, and sometime stockman.' ' Oh, I understand ; a Jack of all trades ? ' ' Not always Jackum all trade, only some time always.' This peculiar expression made Edith laugh heartily. 'The advent of another Parliamentary session called me to tho metropolis. Edith was loth to leave tho quiet of our dwelling by the banks of the ' Australian Nilo ; ' but finding that sho must cither desert it or me, she elected to reside at South Yarra, where Hamilton had engaged us a house. Hero I was again brought into contact with Whelan and Lamont, who mado my wife laugh heartily with au account of somo of the adventures which we had shared. Whelan was doing well in the world; but through the treachery of his partner, Lamont had lost all. I was glad to bo able 'to lend him a helping hand, and as my cousin lmd somo time ago' left my stations to go into business in Sydney I appointed my old companion to manage for ine, knowing that I might 'look a long time beforo X found so trustworthy a man. As timo woro on we heard that Winnie Graem was gradually recovering her health and spirits and at last received an invitation to her wedding, she having at length con sented to take Hamilton ' for better for worse.' It was, however, on condition that they should go upon a trip to England by the first vessel, and accordingly the wedding was fixed for the morning of tho day on which tho Royal Charter was advertised to sail. A largo party of friends accompanied tho brido and bridegroom abroad, and had an oppor tunity of looking upon many a smiling face of thoso who joyed at tho word ' Home,' and after an absence of years almost imagined themselves there. As I took leave of Mrs. I-Iamiltou sho handed mo a scaled packet, which she said I might open next day when my wife was near to hear tho con tents. It proved to be a letter in which tho poor Winnie of tho past, finding that I pos sessed tho secret of her girlish love, asked forgiveness— though I never could seo why — for entertaining tlio passion. She also told mo a startling lact mat i liau never heard — that Lamont was well known to her, and that ho had on one occasion saved her from com mitting the crimo of suicide. It was the occasion on which sho had been told that my marriago had been arranged, and she sud denly loft tho room, and, throwing a shawl over her head, went out, and ran away from tho house — sho knew not nor cared not whither. Under tho influence of wild delirium sho had reached the Yarra, and was just plunging into its waters to escape — ' Anywhere, anywhere, out of the world,' when a Btrong hand arrested her progress, and she fainted. On awaking to conscious ness sho found it was Lamont, who being at lior father's houso, and seeing her leave the room in an excited manner, had thought it wise to follow. He conveyed her homo, and as it happened fortunately that tueir absence hod not been noticed, tho secret had been soourely kept. Sho asked mo to thank Mr. Lamont for his christian kindness when I saw him, as ho had not been ablo to attend the ' wedding, and as she had a presentiment that sho would never again set foot on the shores of her own land. Five months and ' a half passed away. There was much to do, and tho Parliamen tary session was consequently long. Ono afternoon, however, we heard of tho arrival of tho Great Britain, and vory shortly after wards the House adjourned, each member going his own way in search of news. My letters I expected would bo at homo, so I mado haste there, glad to havo a quiet evening after being surfeited of lato with debates. As I approached the houso the lights told me that some company must havo ' dropped in,' as was tho common custom in tho colonies at that time. I met Edith on tho verandah, and, as sho looked very sad, on quired what tlio English nows was, or if sho had letters from homo. ' The nows is .very bad, llarry,' she said. taking 1110 into tho onte-rooin, and handing mo an English paper. I do not know when my heart has over beon so heavy as when I read tho dark column that my wife indicated. Tho Royal Charter had been wrecked on tlio coast of Wales on the very eve of concluding a successful voyage, and when all hearts doubtless beat with a joyful throb at the early prospect of sotting foot onco more 011 their nativo land. A few passengers had left tho vessel at Quecnstown, and a few others had been saved from the wreck ; but, alas, the names that wo looked for with absorbing interest wero contained only in tho long and mournful roll of death, added to the countless thousands sacrificed to the insatiable maw of the sea. Poor Mrs. Hamilton. Her presentiment was only too true. I havo some good nows for you.' said Edith, rousing me from a very mournful roverio. ' Who do you think have como out by tho great Britain ? ' ' I don't know.' ' Then como in, and allow 1110 to introduce you to two old frionds.' As she spoko sho led me into tho drawing room, and to my groat surprise presented 1110 1 to Andrew Mowbray and my sister Rose. They had eomo to make a short slay in the colony, and return by tho Great Britain on the next trip ; and they not only fulfilled their promise, but induced us to voyage homo in their company. Edith entered into tho conspiracy to prevail upon mo to go, and I verily believe that sho had visions of knight hood staring mo in the face before our return. Howoyer, my dear reader, such was not my expectation. I could not see that I deserved such a distinction, except my character for being tho wildest youth over imported might bo taken as a passport to honour. I only thought that a visit lo England, and a study of her institutions, might fit mo in tho future for taking a more enlightened part in tho legislation of my adopted country, The End. 