ECHOES. OF MELBOURNE - ? - ?-?: ;:?- TBy The Ghost. T .'': ''? '-Y-' :- .'?? ? ' '-':':-. ' ?:: Oct. 3/ '' I : If ih^! business of the country' is pushed !6n,durjng,tlie, next few- sittings of. ..both, branches of the. Legislature as rapidly as during the past weak, there.is some chance of the Bfisaion closing in the middle of 'M'nvfimVtAr_ ' T'hfl TVTiniBt.rxr nva Aanirnriu that the labours of the .session should, terminate as soon after the first of next month as: possibles But it is doubtful whether they will be able to sail, into, the desired haven of recess as soon as they wish. However,, if they succeed in passing the Bail ways . Management and the Oivil Service Bills, and placing the Post-office Amendment Bill on the Statute-bpok,' the Government ?will hove earned their. holiday. .:, This 'last-named meaaureis really one in which the publio are more directly interested than in either of the two others, which are, according to choice,, the magnus opus of the session, f or ,eveh . the small boon ? of being able to .use the same class ot stamp. for cheques, receipts and letters. will of itself be a great advantage to the community. .; '? The Assembly has been engaged on the Civil Service Bill, which, during, the week has i.monqpolised the attention of. hon. members :to, the exclusion- :of all other ppblic business/ .Privatdj'businesB has, however, made ' good progreBB, and the Literary Association Bill, the Matrimonial Causes Bill, the 'Courts of Conciliation Bill, and the Employer's Liability Bill, have all been advanced a stage, some of them passing through the final ordeal of a third reading. The lion's share of the legislative work has,' however, been performed by 'the Obnncll, who, after slaughtering Mr. Ooppin's1 Homestead Bill '? by rejecting it 'on the second 'reading by 16 votes to 14, passed the1 Harbour Trust Bill, : the Literary Associations Incorpora tion Bill, and the Railway Loan' Bill. They have, raoreovbry after a short debate, insisted upon.' their amendment in the Railways Management Bill! ' 'But of thjp, as the novelists say, 'more anoa.' . The result of the Emerald' Hill election is looked upon as a foregone conclusion. Mr. Vale is to head the poll. Were wager*' ing pOTmissible,on elections the oddB would be ten to onein;his favour. '??[ ',;' ; '''' The Cabinet has tempered' iustico with mercy in the case of Mr. l Bolam. Recbg-!' nising the truth bf'ihe averment that 'who1 drives fat oxen should himself tie fat,' the Government has decided that to retain the' Ihspector:General in a position where he is virtually, :in regard to the male and female teachers ' of the department, a censor morum, would be somewhat of an anomaly ; so he is to be provided for else- ' where, or permitted to retire and receive the ordinary compensation. It is not every unsuccessful litigant that is as fortunate' a?|Mr. Bolam. '/ !' ' Can it be that thoimmaculateCoalition ' Ministry meditates the perpetration o£ a ' little patronage job V It almost looks like jit from a ' feeler ' in the shape of an ', inspired ' paragraph that has' appeared in the Melbourne papers, setting forth .that'' in; all probability the Government will not 'select the two additional police magistrates, for whom provision ia to be made on the supplementary estimates, from the senior clerks of the Bench, but .confer the appointments' on some of the' officers whose services will be dispensed with under the provisions of the new Oivil Service Aot. The antipathy of the Sec retary of the Law Department lib some of the gentlemen -'occupying the position of clerks of the Bench is well known; and it *u uu uunjr u- luauuojL ui n\ju\ji iovv uiau j.ui.- Harriman ''bosses' Mr. Kerferd, even in a larger degree than' he ' bossed ' for mer Attorneys-General. ' %'It^ remains to be seen, however, whether the Ministry, as'a -whole, will -be made the tools of the, 1 astute Law 'Secretary. ' The followers of ! Zoroaster haye installed ' Ahrirhan ' as the genius of. evil. 'The cbinqidence in the name l of the dark 'personage' with that -of ' the permanent, head of the ? Law 'Department is'wbrfch noting. ' The example' of some ''/leading;' members of ; Parliament^ in' dropping the letter H, has ' only ' .to 'be followed,'' to ' render the' appositerieks of the|nain'e!icbmplet'e. The ?position occupied by the^Mr.'Ahriman in the Persiari'deinonbldgy,' atid'Mr. Har- ' riman in regard to' the officers under his, control, render's' the1' toincidence even more remarkable thaii' it bthetvyise would be.' WilFJsbme hon'.' member.'iof ' an en : quiring turn of 'mind elicit' the'intentions of the ,,G6ye'rn1nienlt'''in''rega'rdi''''to' the' rumoured 'appointments? 'n,'-J(,!! /.' ? ?- Happ'y, tlirice'happy, 'the pejople whose liqubr'ri's unadulterated, .and wnose Hen nessy arid ',Martell. and. JDKZ are not manufactured,' under- the. ^ahadow of, ' classical !. Warfenheip, or in the ;.' pur loins' of prosaic Prahran ! ',-,'. Let New, South Wales rejoice, exceedingly (over Tier; ', 'pure' grog. .Whilst ?, in '.Victoria, during th'e paaftwelve monthB, .tliere; have'been no fewer than 333 cbn'victibns.for selling^ liquor trom bptfcles ,thab had.beeh fraudu lently re-filled ',6r /falsely [labelled, and costs and , fines ' to the ij. amount of £1300 been irifliQt'ed on peccant' publicans, there, has hot. been ev;en' 'one solitary offender hale'd to/the New Sputh, Wales. Police Courts' ! ' Either , the , police across the border are not suoh expert judges of 'PB' and whisky 'as pur own force, or,thbse who cpndupt.'the ' liquor traffic are infinitely more honest; ?' At any rate the matter is one that deserves, chronicling. .; ,' j. If , the public ,haye not : during the week been; enabled , ,to ?(.',-', sup. full of . ho.rrors,' they have at least been able to. /indulge in a large amount of the sensational at their , afternoon -. tea.' ;, There has been the murder at Morrison's,,; where , fa half witted woman/ battered : her j drunken husband to death , with . an . , adze ; an attempted murder at; Emerald Hill, where a lady in endeavouring to administer the 'quietus to her liege lord and master with a yiaiiui, muguu uiB uuiibi .in ine Doay or another individual,, and. :the sensational, attempt .at ; suipide in' the iBank of Vic toria. All these episodes occurred, so as to enable the metropolitan eveningpapers to be the first to publish the new s,and it goe3 without saying,; they 'improved the occasion,' ?.?'-'???? - -? \ Apparently/ the good, poople of Haw ;horn and ITitzrov are not mnnli trnnblnrl in mind iii respect to the annexation Question or the danger likely to follow an ?influx of ^French , convicts into, the New Hebrides. Meetings convened by the (Imayorsof their respective localities have had to be adjourned for a week, owing to the paucity of attendance. By the time the conference meets at. the close of. November,, the iron; which the proverb 'alleges ought to be struck while hot, will' liave cooled considerably. 'Even now thp ?questions .are hardly in the ; category of '.burning 'ones. '' ' ;: ' ' ' ' ''?''' There is no improvement to note in j regard , to . the attendance at the various theatres. (People are avidently reserving their Bpare cash for Cup week,- which is gaueraliy the chief harvest time for the purveyors of publio amusements. ' Jo' his held the boards at the Royal; but is to give place to ' The Grasshopper' to night, when 'Caraille' is to replace ' The Living Statue' at the Bijou. The Montague-Turner Company,, on Monday, give place to. a new, troupe, comprising those , old favourites Annette Ivanora, Appleby, Kelly, . Knieht, Aston, Jose nhine Dfiakin.. »inrl Vnrrli nnA 1Wi«o Eiiielie Melvillo is still treating the public, to the highly spectacular cpera, ' Prince ? Methusalera. '? . Mr. Moncure Conway'a olever and intellectual lecturoa have been largely attended, the elite of Melbourne.evidontly considering it 'the correct thing' to grace them by their presence. It is a good, sign, and evi dences robust mental, health in a'com munity when gentlemen of the undoubted mental calibre of Mr. Con way are pro perly appreciated. ? . ' 