5: :^boh6es op MELBOTr&Ni;:. ? .. ? FBy The GSost'.I ; !??? 1-- ' . ???!!!' ?:????;?? 'December 8F 'J','; JThe/ Convention has astonished both its :, friends and its enemies, by the amount' of *' good work it has done, and heaped acorn ? upon the heads- of , the'unfortunate pro ?pHeta who predicted that no good could ? come out of such a fortuitous concourse ;(' of political atoms as the Sydney gather ing of colonial Ministers presented. But :the New South Wales lion has apparently : laid down with the Victorian lamb, the representatives of Maori land, Tasmania, '.West, Australia, and Queensland looking ' on. the while in wonderment at the.entente ]:cordiale between the two rivals for the ?premiership of what is soon destined to v.be anew Southern Dominion. Australia ?' will' now sooner or later be,'' federated.': | It now remains to be seen how the mother ..country will treat her Australian de \- pendencies. We have performed our ? part of the bargain by 'federating,'' and , 'it now remains for the. British Goye'rn , inept to perform theirs by; annexing New Guinea, and entering into some arrange-; rffieHt by which the felonry of France shall cease to be poured on to 'any part ''of 'Polynesia. ? ' ,\ The quarrel between Mr. Ormond and J, the -Trades HaU'Oommittee on the subject i of the Working ManVCollege' 'is r daily 'growing in bitterness. From the tone 'of the'speeches delivered 'iit.^ho meetings 'tield to. cohsidbp tlie! rinafiter,' it almost' appears' as if'1' the working man' were 'doing, his best to provoke Mr. Ormond ?to ^withdraw not only his offer to :buildi the; college at an outlay of ; £22,500, bu't: also' to' take back the £5000 he 'has already subscribed. Mr. Murray-Smith's nomi nation by Mr. Ormond as one of the trua teesas one of the grievances complained ;6f, the other being the wish of the founder .that' the; name of Prince Leopold should be associated with the institution. Surely these are? unimportant questions upon ?which to base a dispute involving such ? important issues. The fact is that a' , 'Wbrking Man's College is not a pressing' requirement, and those for whose benefit ,good natured busy-bodies and philan thropists are taking so much trouble' are' -profoundly indifferent as to whether there ; is: a' college or . not. ' 'Were it otherwise, ! , there'. wopld' not be much straining, ait- the conditions of Mr. Ormond's offer, ; but j .the;: ;£22,500 would ?? be swallowed, and Prince' Leopold and Mr. 'Murray- Smith, ' the enemy of the people,' into the' bar- gain. . ,. . _?,?_;.-. .-,-j -.-.,? -;-r. 1 -«?'?- o7??F? any'6vid'ence'required. of the fact: ,'thatf we are now fairly embarked on,' the; Hilly season,' dp, would be found in the' prominence^ which has been given, by ;a : ,aectionof the.Press to what turns out to! ^nave.beon after' all, a very commonplace japa ordinary proceeding., i All the.aensa-1 tionai paragraphs anent an elopement; : a^ 'clandestine marriage, and the employ ment of detectives to find put, the location; ' of the ^appy pair, have arisen prit .of .th'ej marriaKepf 'DK' Grossen.'to Mrs. Affleck,' a wealthy , squatter's ,' ' relict '. residing ,'atl . South Yarrai \~What if the united ages of 'thehappy couple amount to considerably, ',bveV what 'bookmakers term 'a century,?'! 1 J^ust' as there were great men before the' 'days of Agamemnon, so have, ancient 'pairs been united ,in the .holy bonds of inatirimoriy before last '?: week. Is this latest' nuptial tie to, illustrate the truth of 'thVold adage that avers that.,; '.', old fools pare -the i; worst of .fools'?' ,. ' ' ', . .]?'.' .'! .'.Th e Government, egged on no doubt by ;' the, taunts of the Press,.- have determined. ' at'; Jaat /to deal with. the charges against , / ..TSjjj'f'jPitm.an',' ' the high Governaient fOmciaji' whose name and character have i'( been i made so free wjth,pf late. A Board 'consisting of three gentlemen,, one of . whom is an actual and the other an ex ? .p'blice magistrate, have been deputed to .^investigate the case. People are asking 'themselves why .this most unusual course vias.'been taken. Why should an affair ; involving an. accusation of a criminal , , offence be dealt with, put of the ordinary ?iwfty1? detective officers have been tojd' off ' '-to.rnake enquiries, and' why should the '.result of their labours not be shown in ? the light of day? Is there one law for high Government officials, and another ^for ordinary mortals fashioned out of ''. com,mbrier clay ? , . '?/.''The. enquiry into the mishap that oc curred to the steamship Rodondo oii her 1 outward voyage to Sydney, some three 1 -weeks ago, has been duly held by the . 1 Steam Navigation Board. As often hap ' pens in these cases, no one has been found .to' blame for the disaster. The finding .- of the Board is an elaborate one; ,ancl- as ?.??:'. .extraordinary as elaborate. They have arrived at the opinion that the Rodondo struok some obstruction in tho fairway, which ;was not floating wreckage, but i a '?rock. And as the Government steamer Despatch, sent out to sweep the channel, failed to discover any wreckage or reef at , a' depth of 22 feet, and it is perfectly ' clear from an inspection of the vessel ''now in dock thaca reof. was touched, the ! only logical conclusion to be arrived at is ,'' that there must bo some ' floating rocks' knocking about in the' vicinity of,; P,ort \- '' Phillip Heads. One might, almost fancy, ythat; OaDtain Johnson and his. officers had ' prepared their evidence for that most ser ', yiceable branch of her Majesty's forces ,|yclept 'the Marines!' . Sailors would 'jhay.e,'- been slower , to ,- credit,;' it than ' the ^Sleam Navigation, Board,- .but then(the cojnponpnt eleri}'ents.bf 'this body ?are not Bailors'— at least' people say so'^ ? ; ' The|' s'w^et ; girl graduate1', is now, a' live certainty in Melbourne. Miss'Guerin, ; a'ypunglady.hailing from the golden city of Baflarat; has,, in orthodox academical! cap and gown, received the degree of B^A. at the handB of the Vice:Ohancellor of the University. Whether on the aus pioious occasion she wore blue stockings, or whether these will henceforth forma' part of her e very-day ', apparel, has nptj yet been duly ohronicled. But it is said, that a somewhat puzzling question is' vexing the mind of tho professor of logic! at our Alma Mater. He can't quite make out how a lady can be a ' bachelor ' of! arts. When the M. A. degree comes to! be conferred on a member of the fair sex, \ the ' difficulty will no doubt in a great | measure disappear ; for. every-day expe-; rience goes' ' to prove there is very little difference between ' master ' and 'mis-j tress.' Irifact.in some households, there ; is' virtually none ; for not ? content with ; simijlv being mistress of all her belong ings — husband inolusive— a great many: ladies are unmistakably master also. j Half the married men one1 knows can .testify 'tb ih'is fact. , ' The arrival of the officers selected from the various branches of the British army : to reorganise 'theVictoriah Defence: Force ; appejars' to 'Kave; re-kindled tho flame of 'military ardour in' the breasts of. the /volunteers.:' A -.large number , of our j citizen soldiers have re-enrolled them \- selves in the- Militia, ' and' there b no w no doiibt that the full complement of men' requiredwill easily bemade up. The ap-' pearance of the new Commandant and his coadjutors in theirfull war paint on every j ^occasion when an- excuse is offered these i gentlemen to sport it, has doubtless i caused every colonial', youth to wish him- i self.' ' every inph a'soldier.'* ' ;' ; : !The beginning of the. end of theap-i p'arently endlosa Education Oommisaion is ' at hand; ? There is now nothing, remain: ing to do except to draw up the final re port and bring down the curtain on what | has somewhat irreverently been, for apmo ] time past at least, looked upon. as a farce. : ?Mr. Rogers, the Chairman, - has accepted ; an acting Supreme Court judgeship in Tasmania, .and so. it comes to pass that the proceedings bf the Commission have j perforce been: brought to a close. ' Truly j it is an ill wind that' blows no one any; !good.: ' 'Victoria has to thank the sister j island for relieving her of a veritable -'Old \ Man of the Sea.' ';, ,' , '?.' ? ',' -' | ??i 'f Boccacio ' ;and '.The Silver King'! still continue to strut their little1 hour on the stages of the Opera House1 arid Royal respectively, and are of course asuffi-! cient attraction to, the;pu.blic',aa ^'np'ch'ang'jb in i the propramme pf either-, place 'of amusement is yet announoed. . '?; Sithprs 'tq; Grind'' Has: been -replaced' at- 'the-i PrincesS. ;by. |'( Ruth's ^Romarfce I'^vh^dl ^'jMi'riam'B.Cirlme/', .but despite the |yer^ capable acting oif the compiin'y appearing -in these really good pieces, [,; the attend- 1 ;ance''has been the reverse of 'large. ? ?; At! 'the Bijou Mr. Grattari Riggs has just ^concluded, , a round of, BUCce'ssfui Irisl^ characters, - and. enters tp-day! -upon !, a; .freBh engagement. ??;;'.::.? , , . 