YARRAMAN. Mareil 19. PASTORAL ITEMS.-Tho following are tho stock move ments :-76 head fat cattle from Ukolan to HickerbiU, J.; Cooke in charge; 127 head store cattle from Quirindi to .. Abbottsleigh, C. M'Phcrson in charlo; 20 head horses from Warren Downs to Kickerbill, J."Donnelly in charge; 500 splendid rams from Melbourne to Burburgate passed Mullaley last weoic ; 200 head fat cattle from Nowley to Sydney, W. Allen in charge. These are the district prices for sheep at dato-WctUers, Cs to 7s Cd; young ewes, 10s to 14s ; aged ewes, 3s G'd.to 7s. The local stock market is dull, but holders eau do as they like with metropolitan buyors. '1 UK WiaaiNS STORM.-Wo did not fool it, and still retain our hair and roofs. Bain is, however, badly wanted. CRICKET.-Spring Bulgo v. Blackville comos oil hero on Saturday, March 24. SPORTING.-Our races, which como off on Easter Monday, are all tho talk. These are some training moms. :-Mr. S. Tucker has Yarraman Maid nud the Trinkey colt in strong work. Mr. Pengilley's Ricardo,by Fcve (imp.), did a grand two milo, owner up. Pyko's Zanco met with au accident which threw him out of work. Mr. Hawker has a. good stylo of a _ maiden-plater. Old Bon did a strong two miles, being picked np by Tho Ghost in tho lasfj quartcr-milo, but ran over tho top of him. Mr. Seivl.has, 1 hear, a couple of clinkers in hand, so good entries may ba. anticipated. DARRIKINISM is rampant. Not long ago they wheeled a spring-cart ino a water- holo and left it. Then they fixed some combustible mass on a tree, near the Yarraman Hotel, and left it burning. They also take hobbles off. turned-out hoi ses, and, no doubt, enjoy the fun of seeing the owners go out to catch then- nags. Had better drop, it, I think. SOCIAL,.-Crickot match between the neighbouring clubs . of M'Donald's and Miller's Creeks last Fridny. Results t M'Donald's, 87 and 52 ; Miller's, 45 and 05. Ball at night, 20 conplcs, danced till daylight. RECOVERER.-Mr Pyke has recovered the UBO of his hand, tho needle being extracted by Dr. Fortescue ; also» tho goods burglared from him-found planted in th© creek. CowrKQ OFF.-A great " shivoo nt ï arroman Park to-night. Being invited, I purpose taking » few notes. Preparations for thc ball and supper have been underway for some time. 