j)ANGER FROM FOUR-FOOTED FRIENDS. fi is, we suppose, in the nature of the laws of compensation that two of the jnost frightful afflictions to which man- land is subject are never themselves generated in the human subject, hut are .Communicated only by two of our most faithful and useful domestic animals — Stamely, hydrophobia from the dog, and glanders from the horse. Indeed, the .former disease, according to the most Jecent authorities, is never self-gene- : gated, even in the canine Bpecies, and |he immunity which Australia has hitherto Snjoyed from its attacks is an almost unanswerable argument in favor of this, theory. The same may, perhaps, be 1 gaid in reference to glanders, although Sot with so much certainty, as it is said .rthat farcy sometimes runs into the more -terrible and fatal disorder; but we fear that ' jfeeent events have rendered it impossible _any longer to remain without stringent. . . precautions being taken to preserve the freedom from these scourges with which r five have heretofore been blessed. Before, iiewever, referring more particularly to Ihose two highly contagious plagues, the r Very mention of which alone is enough to make even the most reckless person ahudder, it may be ns well here to offer ft few observations on one other infectious Complaint which is said to he alarmingly . prevalent in Australia, and which is derived from our too intimate connection with dogs and cats in onr own honse- i teldB, We refer to hydatids in the liver _ ; ftnd other organs and portions of the body, and which are not only loathsome objects even to think about, but are moBt painful aud enervating in their effects, Jbesides often preying fatal. The late Dr j ! ' Slater always maintained that these -. / destructive cysts were quite common in these colonies, especially amongst per- ®one living in the bush, where water is ftsed for domestic purposes from water- feoleB to which dogs also had access. A 'V Shedical paper recently pnblished in Mel- bonrne on this subject fully confirms this opinion, but adds that a fertile source Of the germ in the human being is the freedom which people in these colonies, j / especially , children, treat their canine and ..feline pets. The writer remarks C I what a common thing it is to Bee cats and dogs carried abont by boys and girle, who frequently sleep with and eat with ij them, and even allow these animals to lick their faces, eye3 and lips. Pet O 1 lambs are, we believe, at least, equally objectionable, and there is no doubt ob scure illnesses in houses produced by this "7 cause alone. Bad as these hydatids are, 7\. / they are as nothing compared with the ftbcaainable horrera of hydrophobia or e.,. ..- glanders. And once firmly established r. .in any country, especially in sparsely ;; ./inhabited colonies, with wild dogs toper- peluate the one, and bush horses the -other, it would be a hopeless task to ' 7 ctarnp them out. A>ease of rabies in a dog .is said to have occurred in New 6ohth Wales qnite recently, and although I not beyond all doubt as to its genuine- . ness. it seems to have been suffi-iently L'' well defined as to be alarming in the highest degree. If hydrophobia were c ' once rooted in Australia, the climate, the number of doga running at large, the 7' . ' . dingoes, would soon render oar lives a rtflVv terror ; because a mad dog does not, as a ail. v rule, avoid persons as a snake ' almost, wc.r . invariably does, but, carrying the most ?/: ./ deadly poison known in his saliva, bites £-r right and left, men and cattle | alike. There is not a single authentic- case of enre on -record, and the venom some? oi: times slumbers in man or animal for days .7 or weeks — sometimes even, if some of Hwi - -the casea on record are entirely reliable. 'fit-?- 1?1 months. Small-pox, or even Asiatie.- '% cholera, are less formidable,- inasmuch af- & ; they can always be met face, to face, 'and . have intermittent periods; but thesA ftnimal poisons may be said to be ineradt- ... J hje, inasmuoh as they may be present \- wiifcoa; 8i>0W,t>8 'be faintest symptoms s Slheir ex\beOei wd remain latent for a. long" f . l ind, : and then/;-fi 7- 7; one- 1 evolved, impossible ' to . c:'- 7 ome j system ot uaraniine nug V h- re ore t.. Ii.. W oi ce agrfi'-d' npou,..'in 7- aolished throMfhoui :lio CO ilni S: hve it is i SUV iU3 ... : Vhb Ministerial Elections.— Writs were on Tuesday issued f>ir the return of members for the Ovens, Cas-b-iuaine, Gi.-elong.T Barwnn, Fuzroy, G iliiugwood, West Bonrke and Rodnev ;0 the vacan- cies caused by the accent«nco of office by I members ot the Ministry. The appoint- 1 meats arc-ftS-follow: — Day before which I nominations are to be made, 19th March ; I day of . polling, 24th' March ; return of writ, 30;h March As the 19th inst. is Monday nest, it, will be necessary for the nominations to bo lodged on Saturday. I Cricket at Omeo.— A return cricket match was played at Omeo on Saturday between a team from the Omeo Club and eleven " stragglers," and resulted in a win for the latter by 34 runs. Wangaratta Borough Council. — At a meeting of this body on Wednesday a renort of an engineer of the Public Works Department re the Ovens Bridge at Wan- garatta was received, and it was resolved that the North Ovens and Oxley Shire j Councils be asked to co operate in the endeavor to secure the erection by_ the department of a new bridge. A committee was appointed to consider the report. The sum of £20 was voted to the Wangaratta Volunteer Fire-brigade. It was decided that a deputation be appointed to inter view the Minister of Railways, asking for assistance in reference to securing an artesian well for Wangaratta. Political. — A Melbourne correspon dent, telegraphing on Wednesday, f-tates that an unexpected political disturbance was created in the city that afternoon on the news circulating that Mr Harwobd, supported by Mr Cunningham, will oppose Mr Berry at Geelong ; that the Attorney- General (the Hen. G. B. Kerferd) is to be opposed by Captain Kenny, of St. Kilda ; and that the Hon. G. D. Langridge, Com- missioner of Customs, will be opposed by Mr M'Kean. Our correspondent addv : "The improved Liberals ! support Mr Mirams's intended motion of want of con fidence in the coalition Government, which is disagreeable tidings to Mr Service." Sale of Booths, &c.; — Messrs J. H. Gray and Co. on Wednesday sold by auc tion, at their mart, the publicans' booths, «fcc., at the Easter Monday meeting of the Beechworth Amateur Racing Club as under No. 1 booth— Mr P. Hannan, £18 ; No. 2— Mr F. Dreyer, £15 10s ; grandstand — Mr J. Clements, £10 ; sadd- ling-paddock — Mr Blaekwell, £2 Is ; race- cards— Mr Bartels, £1; fruit-stalls and games— Mr Williams, £4 15s; settling night and of all other meetings of the club for the current year — Mr T. Tanswell, £2. The publican's booth and gate in connec tion with the Whorouly race-meeting oh Wednesday next were also submitted, and found a purchaser in Mr M. Connor, at £10 and £3 respectively. Polling Places.— Hurdle Flat (within the division) was on Tuesday last gazetted a polling-place for the Beechworth divi. sion of the electoral district of the Ovens. Dry Creek has been abolished as a polling- place for the Indigo division of the same electerate. Attention is directed by a correspondent in a letter appearing in I another column to the necessity of Upper Indigo being proclaimed a polling-place. The Omeo Shire Presibent. — at a special meeting of the Omeo Shire Coun cil on the 6th inst. Councillor Coughlan I was elected president for the unexpired term of the presidential year — viz., to Augustnext. - ... - Mr R. B. Bridge. — The many friends throughout this district will be pleased to learn that Mr R. B. Bridge, chemist and druggist, has arrived safe at home in J England, and he has written to a friend of his in Wangaratta that he had a most pleasant voyage home. When he arrived, after his thirty years' absence, ho was I very much Btruck with the alterations in London, more especially at Gravesend and in his native county, Essex. He 1 does not intend to return to this colony, but will end his days at home, in the companionship of his relations and friends. 1 The Woolshed State-school. — Mr O'Donoghue, who has filled the position of head teacher ot the Woolshed State- school for the past twenty years, left on Tuesday last for Piggoreet, near Ballarat, whence he has been transferred. As a means of testifying to the respect and good- feeling entertained by the residents of the locality" towards Mr O'Donoghue, a number of thera assembled in the schoolhou3e on Monday and spent an I enjoyable and social evening. As the rules of the department does not admit of presentations being made to teachers, a handsome gold watch and chain wore presented to Mrs O'Donoghue, as » mark of appreciation of her and her husband's worth. During his lengthy term ae teacher of the Bchoel Mr O'Donoghue j has given every satisfaction to parents in ; the advancement of their children, and the favorable reports of the inspector from time to time amply testify to his efficiency as an instructor of youth. Thoughtful Charity. — Mr Richards, fruiterer, Benalla, on Friday forwarded a large box of grapes as a donation to the invalids of the Wangaratta Hospital. A Natural Phenomenon. — Hundreds of people visit nightly a supposed ghost on the cliffs near Newcastle, New Soutk Wales. The only way the phenomenon is to be accounted for is that it is the result of phosphoric or other gases escaping from a coal seam. The phenomenon iB in the form of a human feeing, and appears on the face of the cliffs, and moves in a strange fashion. .. M.U.I.O.O.F. — The annual. movable committee of the Manchester Unity In-, dependent Order cf£ Oddfellows cam- menced their sittings at the Town Hall, Geelong, on Tuesday. There were pre sent four officers and.fifty deputies from various districts, including Deputy Grand Master Charles Fraser, of Wandiligong, and, a3 deputies for the 6-ens and Murray! District, Bro. Francis Hollister, P.P.G.M., I and Bro. James Cunningham, C. P. S. The Grand Master delivered nn exhaustive address, in whtiih he reviewed the princi pal business transacted by :the order dur ing the year. The auditors (reported hav ing, after a close examination of accounts, books, vouchers, &e.;, found everything correct, and recommended a levy of is 3d,' payable by instalments of 9d and 6d In- April and July respectively. Bro. Jas/ Cunningham, ef Beechworth, was ap-r pointed one ef seven deputies to examiner' the proceedings of the Grand Master , and board of directors for the past year." ' It- was decided that the- salary of the corres ponding secretary for the - ensuing year- should be £300. Sandhurst was unani mously agreed upen at the place for hold- ingvth©- -AiM;G. for 1884. . A complunen- tfirybfinqaet- to - the Grand -Master and Deputies wdW -given in the - evening, at. which' abOut-a hundred and fifty persons were pfeSSnt, including tho Commissioner of Customs (Hon. G. D. Lan<mdge)-and- tfee Minister ef Mines and Agriculture (S«n. J, F. Levien); - J The " Herald." — To the auuoyance ef the numerous subscribers to the Mel bourne " Herald" iu the Beechworth district, that paper comes to hand very irregularly, and it frequently happens that when some import ant event has taken I place in the metropolis,' particulars of which they are anxious to learn, they are I '.blig- d to wait until the following Jafiernoon, for the daily papers, .for the (news. We are given to understand that I the evening journal is duly despatched from Melbourne, hut is, either by an oversight or carelessness, delayed at some one or other of the wayside railvay stations ; on several occasions the B«i-ah- worth parcel having been left behind at Wangaratta. If is to b9 hoped that the matter will be inquired into by the parties entrusted with the despatch and care of the parcel, and that the paper will iu future come to hand on the evening of publication, as otherwise it is valueless as a medium for learning late news from the city. Th? Hon. G. B. Kerferd. — At a I meeting of the Cabinet on Monday the Hon. G. B. Kerferd was sworn in as Attorney-General in (he new Ministry. Mr Kerferd arrived in Beechworth on Tuesday night, and proceeded to Wandili gong tbe following afternoon to be present at the opening of the annual horticultural show at that place to-day (.Thursday). The lion. ; geatlemams nomination paper was signed on Tuesday and Wednesday ; land 'it .was a noticeable, fact, that I the signatures included those of I electors of various shades of political opinion— including prominent Constiiu- I tionalists and Liberals— which show that I there is a general desire to eliminate party I lines and to re-elect the senior member for I the Ovens to Parliament. It is not con- I sidered probable that Mr Kerferd will be opposed, although names of likely candi- I dates have been freely circulated during I the past few days. Mining in the District. — Mr W. H. I Foster, the warden ef the Beechworth district, reports that in the Bright division j reefing is looking promising, . but that 1 generally alluvial aud tin-mining opera tions have been languidly'proceeded.with, in consequence of the insufficient supply I of : water. Increased activity prevails in the Indigo division, many new leases be- I ing applied for. Singing Master. — Herr Hugo Alpen, late of Albury, has been appointed assis tant singing master in the .Education I Department, Sydney. Cricket.— The following players will represent the Beechwortn Cricket Club in I the match against Yackandandah, for the district challenge cup, at Beechworth on Saturday :— Veitcb, Bullen, Perry, C. rHuttori, Barbour, Brett, Ryan, S. White head, W. Allen, Scobie and McAliece ; emergency, Fox. The game will be commenced at twelve ©'clock. Mr Hanaaford,. the manager -of the local branch of the Bank of New South Wales, is the donor of a bat for the highest individual score in . the match Bohemians v Ovens District, to be played at Beechworth on the 24th and 26th inst. A match will be played between the Wangaratta and Beechworth juniors clubs, at Beechworth on Saturday. The Wan garatta players, who will leave for Beech- I worth on Friday evening by the last train, I will comprise — Quick, Bull, W. Harrison, M'Callum, F. Steel, A. Harrison', T. Norman.; Ashworth, Madden, R. Harrison and O'Shea. Tho local team will be— J. Scobie, L. Mallesch, J. White, P. White, C. Counsell, W. Ward, Fred. Whitehead, F.. Ansell, R. Duncan, D. Ryan, and C. Ryan ; emergencies, W. Counsell, J. Ottrey and T. Drenen. Judge Skinner. — His Honor Judge Skinner has the name of being very eccentric when sitting on the Bench ; but this is not his worst fault, if fault it be. He is also forgetful of his appoint ments, and before this he . has been accused of a want of- punctuality in attend ing to his engagements. The County Court, Wangaratta, should have sat at 10 o'clock a.m. last Monday, and plaintiffs, defendants and jurors were summoned for that hour ; but no judge appeared. It was announced that lie would not arrive until a quarter past 12 o'clock noon ; and those in attendance were very indignant at such treatment, a sporting legal gentle man giving vent to his indignation in language more forcible than classical. Of course we understand that by leaving Melbourne by the Monday morning train Hia Honor avoided spending the Sunday in the rather quiet town of Wangaratta ; but still we think that judges, as well as other good people, should attend to their engagements, and not disappoint others. Albury. Gas Company. — In the Legis lative Assembly of New South Wales on Tuesday the Albury . Gas Company's Bill was read a third time and ordered to be transmitted to the Council. Agricultural Machinery. — A large and' representative meeting of farmers interested in agricultural machinery met at Whittaker's farm, near Howlong, last Tuesday afternoon, to decide upon the merits of a new steel disc pulverising, j harrow, made by Messrs Robinson and Co, of Melbourne. After abont four hours' work, with Mr Peynting in tbe chair of the machine, it was decided by the majority that the new machine was a great success, and would supersede all scarifiers in present use. Melbourne Stock Market. — Messrs R. Gibson and Co. report by telegraph on Wednesday : — Fat Cattle. — 2000 yarded to-day from Victoria, consisting of much better quality than of late. The demand, consequently, was. not so brisk, and prices ruled from 10s to 153 per head lower. We quote — Prime pens bullocks, £10 to £11 110s .jigood, £8 to £9 10s. We sold 300 for various owners. Fat Sheep. — Owing to the -short supply — namely, 9000 — there was keen competition, and prices advanced 6d to Is per head ; best merino wethers fetching lis to 12s 6d ; extra, to 14s ; best- crossbred wethers, I63. We sold 3000. Sunday Trading. — Two cases of Sun day -trading occupied the attention of the Beechworth Bench, on Tuesday morning. Thomas Ttickards, the licensee of the Vine Hotel; Sydney-road, was charged with (Selling liquor on Sunday, 18th ult,., and, pleading guilty, was fined 20s. Licensed publicans are warned - against acting similarly, as the police magistrate wifl not deal so leniently with the next offender .who is brought before him on such a charge. In the second case William Neelyf the proprietor of -the Alexandra Vineyard, Balaclava -road,, was charged with .haviBg on the same- day sold wine' ahd; "gcapea. A number of lads' were, jammed, and thelc eviqlence proved that defdndgnt was .in the habit of doing an ex;; tentive trade, both in wine' and' fruit, on the £abbath dayr.and that, card-playing: was also indulged in in hi# wineshop ; and to make matters' worse, he was intoxicated ©u the day in question,- and fired a gun at. Mr John Brown, of Ford-street, In a fit of exasperation after , being struck: by the latter. The Bench Very properly compli mented Senior-constable Mullane for having initiated the prosecution, and ad ministered a sever© reprimand to the defendant (who pleaded ignoranco of the law), and infiioted a fine o£ £5. .. . . ' N 1 The Hibernian PicnIc. — Arrangements for the picnic at Mr P. Po-verY paddock, One Mile, Beechworth, to-d iy (Thursday), iu cnnnecriwu with the celebration of St. Patrick'n Day, have been completed. At ten o'clock the members of the Hiber nian and Father Hennebery's Temperance. Societies, with the children attending St. Joseph's school, will form iu procession in the school -ground, and, beaded by Hol- lister's Hurdle Flat Band, march to the One Mile." A good programme of sports and games has tieen arranged and will be carried out on the ground, where refresh ments will during the day be served. The picnickers will return about half past fi"e o'clock in the evening to the town ; and at. half-past eight o'clock a ball will be commenced in the Oddfellows' Hall. t The Beechworth Races. — We are in formed by Mr Jas. G. Orr, the honorary secretary of the Beechworth Amateur Racing Club,- that it is intended to allow horses and vehicles into Baarmutha Park on Easter Monday. Attention is again directed to the fact that nominations for the Easter Handicap and the Town Plate will be received up to S o'clock to-morrow (Friday) evening. A special train, to ruu between Beechworth and Wangaratta, on the day of the races, has been applied for. , Sir Bryan O'Loghlen. — Sir Bryan O'Loghlen has resolved to again seek re election for West Bourke, and will there fore stand in opposition to the Commis- sioner'of Public Works (Mr DaakiB). Sales Whorouly. — Messrs J. H. Gray and t will to morrow (Friday) sell by public Auction, at the Whorouly Hotel, a freehold farm of 226 acres at Hurdio Creek, 20 acres of land at Whorouly, and a number of horses, cattle and farming implements. Committed for Trial. — The charge against the girl Emily Thompson of abandoning her infant child in William- street, Beechworth, on the 27th ult., was investigated at the Beechworth Police Court on Tuesday. Accused, who was ac commodated with a chair on the floor of the court, evinced no concern at the pro ceedings, and, in answer to the usual question, said that she liad nothing to say . why she shoald not be committed for trial at the next Court of Assize, on the 8th May. She was then fully committed to that.court.; . The Fire-brigades' Demonstration. -y The torchlight procession in connection with the United Fire-brigades' Demon-, stration, at Sandhurst, took place on Tues- day evening, and was a grand success. Two thousand three hundred firemen and fifty, bands took part, and an immense crowd assembled and lined the streets along the route of the procession. A grand display, of fireworks and colored fires was made, and the spectacle was a very fine one. The contests were commenced at 10 o'clock on Wednesday morning, and, as will be seen on reference to a telegram in another column, the only two events decided were the Double hose Practice for Eight Men and the Engine Practice for Four' Men. The former event, was won by the Carlton Brewery Brigade ; Ballarat City being second, and Ballarat East third. The Beechworth team made a splendid run up, but owing to the hose bursting when the water was turned on they were unfortunately thrown out of the contest. Corowa won the Engine Practice, with Buninyong second and Ballarat third. Mistress and Maid. — A case, Cormick v Whitty, which was heard in the County Court, Melbourne, disclosed some of the peculiarities of "servantgalisra." The plaintiff) Bridget Cormick, a woman about 40 years .old, sued Ellen Whitty, hotel- keeper, of Wangaratta, for the recovery of £13 10a, alleged to ha tXuu for nine weeks at 18s per week and board, and lodging. Plaintiff's case was that she had been engaged through. ' Mm Caulfield's registry office to go to, Wangaratta as cook and laundress to Miss Whitty, ' but when she got to her situation Miss Whitty required her to clean five pairs of boots every - morning. She objected ? to the. cleaning of boots,- as " Wangaratta .was; such a dirty place and dirtied the boets badly," reports the "Herald." Miss Whitty then discharged her. The defence was that on the first day of tho plaintiff's arrival a dispute arose as to who should clean the bootH. The plaintiff also objected to carry the dishes, and further refused to wash up after seven o'clock in the evening. The plaintiff became very violent and abusive, and threatened to put a knife through anybody that ventured to go into her kitchen. She had received 15s iu advance to pay her railway fare, and she left the following day. His Honor entered a nonsuit, with £7 10s costs. A New Rush. — A Temora telegram to the "Argus" on Monday states : — Miners from Barmedman have inspected the prospecting claim at Billy's Look-out, where there is a great rush. The result of some hours' work in testing the face was 2gr. to lOgr. per dish — on tho average about 4gr. At the claims on payable gold a red flag is hoisted. Crayton and party are the prospectors, and Michael Downey and party are upon payable gold in No. 1 West. Fourteen horsemen and a guide started yesterday to mark a direct road — a distance of 27 miles — from Bar medman to Billy's Look-out, which is 83 mile3 from the Gootamundra railway station, coming by way of Temora. The new road will be ready by Wednesday. It is not advipable for families to go there till the field is further tested. There is a little water at the rush, but it will eventually have to be carted for some distance. The South Australian Wheat Har vest. — The wheat harvest in South Australia has proved very unsatisfactory. Writing on the subject the " South Australian Register" states: — "Having now been able to collate the returns of; the recent wheat harvest, we deeply regret to state that it is on a par with the last .two deficient harvests, and is probably . the worst ever experienced in the colony. In several places where seed had been sown there was no crop to reap ; the distress amongst the farmers is consequently widespread and general. Our figures must be taken only as approximate,: but based upon our correspondents' returns we calculata that during the last season something tike 1,825,000 acres were cultivated, against 1,768,781 acres in the preceding year. This shows an increase of 56,219 acres, fcut it is poasible that the number may be increased or diminished by 20,000 or 30,000 acres. The total produce we set dewn at 8,273,000 bushels, being 'an average of 4 bushels 321b! per acre, or 21b.' less than tho preoediugjyear. : After providing for seed requirements and heme consumption there is available for export 120,000 tons. In the lower north and the old southern and south- eastern districts the yield has (been from 10 to 22| bushels per acre. This has helped to keep up the average, which .otherwise would have been much -worse than it is." The Easrsn Holiday..— la atoordauee with the usual cusioia-.he. S aster holidays-m the Government -DeptrCiuents thiA year wul oommeuce - on - Good tfnAy, tlie 23rd mat., and -terminate on Tuesday,' 27th - inst. All the pnblio offices wul-be-closed from the 23rd to tbe 27ih'-inst., both inclusive,- -but the latter date will not he a bank holiday. Colonel Ingeusoll. — Iiigeison toko live thousand dollars at three lectu.-..-a "ml Chicago. The only public caterers who can beat this are Patii, Ln.gtry, and Bernhardt/ We diurot if any i>. her male in the world c-mld' equal ' ir, . whether scientific) religious,' literary, or dramatic. Of course it ii quite likely fhii't li/ Would g-st great audiences if his subjects wer." other than freethought (Mr C E Jones, a no mean judge, says he is the greatest" orator in the world), but it is doubtfnl if tliey. would be so large as they are. I An Obliging Prisoner.— Two men named Jame3 Conlon and Richard O'Grady I wore arraigned at the Sydney Court of Quarter Sessions on a charge of breaking I intoandentering the warehouseof Mr Simon j Israel, in Hay-street-, and stealing there- I from two chests of tea. Conlon then I pleaded guilty, and O'Grady not guilty, | O Grady was tried, and several witnesses swore that they had seen him with another I man placing a chest of tea " in a j cab near the prosecutor's store. Prisoner 1 called as a wicness Conlon, who swore that I O'Grady was not the man who was with J Jiim in the cab. Ho further stated that he J himself assisted the man who had the tea to. place it iu tho cab, but did not know I -that it was stolen. " Why, then," said His Honor, "you were not/ guilty." "No, your Honor, but I pleaded guilty to save- trouble.'1 . The Vast ness of the British Empire — The Queen of Great Britain is now sove reign over -w 'continent, 100 peninsulas, 500 promontories, 1000 lakes, 2000 rivers, and 10)000 islands. At the command of her Government 500,000 warriors march to battle to conquer or die. 1000 ships of war and 100,000 sailors perform her bid ding on tha ocean. She rules 160,000,000 of human beings. The mightiest might kneel before the Queen of Great Britain and acknowledge the superior extent of her dependent provinces, her subjugated kingdoms ! The Assyrian' Empire was not so wealthy. The Roman Empire was not so populous. The Persian Empire was not so extensive. The Arabian Empire was not so powerful. .The Carthagiuiau Em pire was, not so much dreaded./ The Spanish Empire, was riot so widely dif fused. Old Recollections Distasteful. — Atticus, , '.m the Leader," writes :- — I " A recent visitor from New South Wales I was charmed with our Old Colonists' As sociation, arid hastened home to Sydney full of ambition to found a sister society on the shores of Port Jackson. Strange to say, .he found his ids a' received but! coldly..,. The old identities did riot seem to care about raking up the dates of their arrival.; ;:.There .was diffidence and general I distrust wherever he broached the sub-.l ject." > ' / | : The Eight Hours' System Violated. —A summons has been served by the police upon- a well-known firm of drapers 1 in Sturt-streei, says the " Ballarat Star," charging thorn ." for that they .. did on a certain day in .their factory, at Ballarat employ a .female for more' than eight hours contrary to the Act of. Parliament No. 466, section;. 3." . Voluminous evi- dence has been prepared, : and it is ex pected that a tough fight will ensue in the police corirt between the contending par ties. : - - | A Brilliant. " Burst Up." — The Co-oper- ativa Dress Association of Ne York, whioh was started in 1881 with a capital of 250,000 dollars under the management of Kate Field — who by the way drew a salary of about ten thousand a year— h «s burst up, doors closed, and the sheriff and all the etceteras are in I order. This is only another evidenoe of Lh | eternal fiincss of things. I The Use of Blinders. — A writer in the 1 "National Live Stock Journal." . says, of the use of blinders " After purchasing horses for various kinds ; of work for many years' past, ' I have- found, when using blinders, that they were apt to shy and be skittish. Remove these and they | overcome both immediately., . There is a reason for ' this. When blinders are worn horses cannot see anything behind them or at their sides, or near so well in | front as without thorn. In consequence of this, things are brought so suddenly to their notice ' that it frightens them ; whereas if they came in site gradually and fully they would not be frightried. at all. - To prevent a horse being scared if; opposed to it, when first put int o harness I without blinders, take him behind the ' carriage and at the sides and let him touch these with his nose and smell them well. If curtains enclose the carriage, loose them and shake them in the face of tha horse ; then stand him, fronting the carriagS, between the shafts, and if a raise and lower the top, ti accustom him to this. If these frighten him a little, repeat till he gets completely over it, and then attaoli him to the vehicle." The Prince of Wales as a Land lord.— The Prince of Wales, like all other landed proprietors, suffer a good deal from the badness of the times. But he has one portion of his estate which is steadily improving. This is the Scilly Isle3 which form part of the Duchy of Cornwall. The Prince had the good fortune to obtain a valuable tenant when, many years ago now, the Isles were leased to Mr Smith Dorrien. This gentleman has immensely improved the property. The rent account shows that the property is now worth five times as much as it was when George IV. was Prince of Wales, and it is still increasing. It iq understood that the Prince of Wales draws £70,000 a year from these happy islands, and it is estimated that it will be raised to £100,000 a year by the time the next Prince of Wales comes into his property. It was the Scilly Isles that found the money to purchase Sandring- ham. ; Advertising in America. — The prices paid for advertising in the United States may be gathered from the following figures : — The " Chicago Tribune" — it is paid for a column a year— receives 26,000 dollars. The "New York Herald" receives from its lowest- priced' column 39,723 dollars, and for its . highest 348,000 dollars ; the " New York Tribune" for its lowest 29,764 dollars, and for its highest 85.648 dollars ; and these papers are never at a los9 for advertisements to fill their columns. Their patronage comes not from any desire to assist the respective papers, but from business men who find it profitable to advertise. Discovery of Gold.— A discovery of gold at Young was reported on Saturday, states a Sydney telegram to the " Argus " The Burrangong Gold-mining mad Prospec ting Company (Messrs Winter and party) struck splendid payable gold in their claim at O'Malley's fiat, two miles from the town, at a depth .of 76ft. The prospects are estimated atone ounce to the load. The red 'flag has been hoisted, and the discovery reported to the warden. The wash at present is proved to a depth of 5ft. The result has caused grentcxcitement in the town. All previous aetenapts to'reach deep ground in this locality have been baffled through want of efficient maclunery, but the existence of payable wash now being- certain, other portions of the grouad.wili-. be tried,. . as. many dlaims are applied for..„ . . - , - Mb 0. E.- Jones. — The neeeg«iury deposit money to be lodged 'ith-Mm -petMoirof Mr C. E. Jones against the emotion ef Str'G.'.Einoh- bam for -Ballarat West hw -baggi'to! (acted, aoi, with the petition, se ut to Mel6'aurbu A I bsLi'YAL -I AGISTS ATE. — "We tlupe,"| writ. « . «' : \ laqj -'-Morning .Herald," 1" ilja't fhereauj.noi uiqny magistrates in ih 1 j colony who w ould; b e piy p -1 : o r 1 1© put their I names . 10 sncli' an addreY the one wo append.'/.W.hateYr onr justice may be in I M\e heijii of.saying of i..hv local or <s. 'hey J ov at least in the , h-.oit o' s, caking of British iristituriehs with r»»po;,t- Thep' is, however, « .r, much ' f -.-his am the I tbllovriug address to MrZRedm.m 1. winch it seems was .re-a'iiy .. and -outvmI by Mr | lames Daiton, one of fthe: Justices of the | Peace - at Q range -We are nroud of tins occasion. First of all. we are proud of the fact " that in our midst to-night I stands a true representative of the people I of -Ireland, and the choice of that historic I borough --whose .name will standout fori ever as a- beacon light to workers for Irish independence. We recognise in you, sir, c'ne of the ablest lieutenanTs of Ireland's illustrious leader, Charles Stuart Pitriiell — a. Tjaember of that noble band! jriiiuii has won a world's admiration by! tts:- resolute resistance to the oppressive! proceedings of ..a . foreign senate ; and we are gratified- that a gentlemen so revered by. the Irish people, and possessing brilliant talents and matchless eloquence, i should have honored us by a visit. We | are pained at the unfair manner in which your mis -ion to Aus' r.'ili-ri h''S been dealt with by a section of .ih colonial press That unfairness is not, however, endorsed by the public- opiuion of this country. Our fellow citz'ens arc. not interested in the maintenance of a cruel system of land I tenure in Irelndid. nor do ihsv desire the perpetuat ion ot acknowledge injustice there. Australians do. not view with satisfaction I the existence in Ireland of what is practi cally martial law ; they have not given 1 their approval to the packing of juries, j the subornation of wi'nes-es, or the re turn to those dark practices which have disgraced English rule in the past ; and I the journalists who have so misrepresented your objects know full well that if tbe people of Australia were called on to submit to a tittle of the injustice under which Ireland is expected to be contented and loyal, a bloody revolution would be the sure and speedy result.' It is needless to add that ss.a.magistra;e of tho territory I Mr. James Daiton is supposed to have ( taken the oath of lovaltv to the Queen and Government of Great Britain." A Theatrical Star. — Mr H. R. Har- wood, so long associated with the Hon. George Coppin in the management of the Theatre Royal, Melbourne," and more re cently business manager for Messrs Wil- liamson, Garner and Musgrove, is now spending a well-earned holiday. For the la3t twelve irionth3 the onu3 of producing "La Mascotte" at the Theatre Royal, Sydney, and the Princess Theatre, Mel bourne, rested on him, and in both cities it had an enormous run. Mr Harwood has heard of the beauty and grandeur of , of our alpine scenery, and is now on a trip ; throiigh the Beechworth and Bright : districts to judge for himself. We hope ! come of our local celebrities will show him during his visit tho capabilities of the dis trict on growing tobacco, hop3, and other products, and the splendid opportunity there is for capital to develope our almost untried reefs. j Dr O'Connor's 3 ucoessor.— It is stated that a Victorian clergyman will -be ap pointed Roman Catholic Bishop of Ballarat | in the room of Dr O'Connor, deceased. The | names of three; rev. gentlexien are- men- 1 tioned in Roman Catholic circles, . viz Monsignor Moore/of Ballarat ; Dr Corbett, of St. Kilda; and the .Y.n. Archdeacon Slattery, D.D., of Geelong. : . :. Alleged Horsestealing . — An adjourned Court of petty Sessions was held at Oxley on 1 Saturday last, before Messrs C.. Gardner and .Charles Murdoch, who had remanded the aooused: from the previous Saturday. The. case Regina v S. B. Lane aroused some inte rest in the;, neighborhood, as the parties arc I .well known, and old residonts in the district. :It appears that in 1879 a young man named Felix 2Io Aliaey left a mare and foal at a Wm. Lanes' then residing at Hedi. McAliney was to have returned in a year, but did not for some three years. Wm. Ltne.cillei by theprosecu-. tion proved that he was authorised by Mc- Aliuey to do as he liked with the mare and pro geny, aad had exercised this power by riding mare and colt and lending thern to others. Wm. Laue rode the oolt iuto New South Wales and left him with his brother, Samuel Bright Lane, who afterwards disposed of him to Mr James Williamson for £7. On returning to Viotoria Mo Aliaey asked Samnel Bright Lane about the oolt. Lane being short of money at tbe time, said the horse had died in New I South Wales. From inquiries afterwards made by McAliney he found - that the horse j | had been sold to Mr Williamson, of Yanko I Creek, for £7, by Samuel B. Laue. He then | gave information to the polioe constable at Milawa, and swore an information to the | effect that S. B. Lane had stolen the horse | and sold him. Rone of the witnesses for the I Crown, exoept MoAliney, could swear that the hsrse outside the court was the one left as a foal in charge of William Lane. Mr O'Leary, I barrister at law, appeared for the defenoe, I and elicited on cross examination that it was William Lane who rode tbe horse into New South Wales, and there left him in oharge of his brother, who afterwards sold him. Wil liam Lane,- a very respected yonng miller, I cou'd not swear positive.y that he, although having authority from MoAliuey to dispose of his horses, had not givan his brother authority to seli the horse. Neither he nor I another witness for the prosecution nor Mr Williamson could identify the horse outside the court as the one left in oharge of Wil liam Lane, and sold to Mr Williamson. Mr O'Leary oalled for no rebutting evidence, bat asked the benoh to dismiss the case ; as from the evidence of the witnesses for the prosecn- I tion it was evident that no horsestealing had taken place, and that Mr McAliney had a I remedy against Wm. Lane by a civil aotion for the amount of the value of his horse, but I no benoh conld commit, and certainly no jury wonld convict, upon such evidenoe as I had been submitted by the Crown. Without a moment's delay the benoh dismissed the lease." 