CHAPTER IV. DANGER.—THE FIGHT.—REVELATIONS. " Oft what seems A trifle, a mere nothing by itself, In some nice situation, turns the scale Of fate, and rules the most important action." —Thompson. During this time, although the "bush girl," as she was called, recovered so far as bodily hurts went, her mind apparently re- mained vacant, and her powers of speech did not return. Every kindness was shown her, for which she seemed grateful, and in return was gentle in her manners, never straying more than a hundred yards from the house, and ever appearing uneasy at the absence of Mrs. Brattan. November came and went, and the time that our friends had undertaken to serve on the station was passed, but as Mr. Bratton was unable to obtain hands to take their places they undertook to stop until after Christmas. A week before that time, while Harry was out on the run, his sheep passing through a rather scrubby range were suddenly disturbed, and came rushing back in a tumultuous heap. Thinking wild dogs might have attacked the head of his flock he hastened forward, and saw a mob of about a dozen blacks driving off a portion of his sheep over the oppo- site rise. On perceiving him they threw their spears, but the distance was too great and they fell short. Owing to the length of time without any alarm Harry had become careless, and frequently left his gun at home. He had done so on this occasion, and so was powerless to attempt a rescue. He, there- fore, wisely determined to at once drive his sheep to the yard, and start Bill to the home- stead with the news. On his way he was met by Bill, in a high state of excitement. Said he— " Yer's a jolly go. Vot der ye think ? I'm blessed if them blacks has'nt taken every bit o' tucker out of the hut while I was away down at the workings. They've mashed up everythink they could'nt carry too, the beasts, and got my tobaccer and blankets. I planted the guns before I went. Vots to be done ?" "Well," answered Harry, "I think the best thing we can do is to push on for the home station as fast as we can. We'll be there some time to-night," With the help of Bill the sheep were made to travel pretty well, and by the time the sun had set they had traversed half the dis- tance. There they were met by McDougall and a stockrider, and from them they learnt that another outstation had been stuck-up and the shepherd and hutkeeper both killed. They also learnt that signs had been seen in the neighbourhood of the home station that rendered it necessary that all the hands should come in for its protection. About the middle of the night they arrived, and the sheep, along with the other flocks that had been brought in, were placed in a large yard overlooked by the house; while the men's hut—a long log building—was on the opposite side. Every precaution was then taken to prevent surprise, and as towards morning their party was unex- pectedly augmented by a squatter accom- panied by four of his stockmen, any fear of serious consequences were banished, and hopes were entertained that by a systematic onset they might assume the aggressive, and give such a lesson to the darkies that they would be quiet for a long time to come. The morning broke with a dreary rain, but with no appearance of the enemy. One of the visiting stockriders then went out with McDougall to reconnoitre. In a very short time they returned at full gallop, having fallen into an ambuscade. In the mélee that followed McDougall had received a spear in his thigh, and it was with great difficulty he could return to the homestead. It now being known that the blacks were in force in the immediate neighbourhood, increased vigilance was used, and not without a necessity, as events proved. Every- thing was very quiet—not a sound to be heard, except the dripping of the rain—when towards noon the silence was broken by the yell of at least two hundred blacks, who, as they came pouring over the range, delivered a shower of spears which fell among the sheep, doing consider- able damage. From both hut and house a withering volley was returned. This checks the blacks for an instant, but only for an instant. Checked in their onward rush on the main building they at once divided into two bands, and rushing down quickly crossed the open ground, and were soon under shelter of sheds and fences, from whence repeated volleys of spears were thrown whenever a venturous white man looked out. Thus it continued all day, the whites remaining quiet, only firing an occasional shot, reserving their main effort for night when they in- tended to sally out upon their besiegers. Harry and Bill had been placed in one of the front rooms of the main building. The window from this looked out upon the rise over which the track crossed that led to their hut. Preparations were now being made for the sortie, Harry and Bill being among the members appointed. Harry was busy exa- mining their arms and ammunition, while Bill was on watch at the window. Suddenly he exclaimed— " Look, look ! the ghost !" Harry at once jumped to the window, and there, truly enough, coming down the range, was the figure they had seen the first night at the hut. Now, however, the luminous mist could be explained. They could see that he carried in his hand a small lantern. Other eyes, however, beheld the figure, and a most unearthly yelling and jabbering com- menced, while a dozen spears winged their flight towards him. At that moment the signal for the start was given, and from both huts a dozen men poured forth armed with pistols, guns, and cutlasses. Taken by sur- prise and struck down by the sure aim of their assailants, the blacks broke from their covers and hastened to put the rise between themselves and their enemies. Crowding together as they fled they offered a large mark, and many of them were shot down. The rest scattered, and being followed to the camp the following day such a lesson was taught them that they remained quiet for many a year. Following with the rest to the foot of the rise after the first sortie Harry and Bill came upon the apparently dead body of a white man, dressed in skins. It was the ghost. Finding, however, on examination that there was still life in him he was carried to the hut. As he was borne into the parlour, now lighted up, the "bush girl," who was there, as soon as she saw him, cried out, " My uncle! my uncle !" and fell fainting on his body. Restoratives were applied to both, but it was soon evident that the stranger had not long to live, and that the day that had now dawned would see the end of his life. Upon his recovering consciousness, and being assured upon his enquiry that he had not long to live, he became very restless and uneasy. He asked for Lucy (for that seemed to be the " bush girl's" name), and could not bear that she should be absent from him. Presently he called for Mr. Bratton, and said he must make a confession before he died. "I've been a bad man," he said, "and maybe it's not too late to undo some of the mischief I've done. You're surprised to see me here. Why I've been living in these ranges with this girl for ten years. Well, twelve years ago I was in England. I was wild-like, and, amongst other things, I used to poach a bit. I did a little robbery, too, when I could lay my hands on anything. I finished up with murder and kidnapping, and then came here, ever haunted by the spirit of the murdered man. He mocks me from the hollow of the gumtrees ; he grins at me from over the precipices ; when I stoop to drink his face peers at me from the depths of the waterhole; and see, see—there he is him- self," he cried, pointing to Harry, who had just moved into the light, and who was taking a strange interest in the confession. Presently the old man went on "There was a gentleman on whose grounds I used to poach. He wore a bright gold chain and a diamond ring that I felt I must have, and that I determined to have. I heard accidentally that he had a large sum in sovereigns that he was going to pay into the Bank, and I made up my mind to take it from him. Outside the park gates was a thicket of holly. In this I hid myself. He came along, and just at the gate he was joined by his little girl, who had evidently strayed from her nurse. While he was kissing her and telling her to return I silently crept near, and as he turned towards me I felled him with my stick, and jumping upon him drove my knife into his heart. I don't know what prompted me, but instead of robbing him I picked up the little thing who stood speechless with horror, and rushed from the scene. Day and night I travelled, living on what I could pilfer, and wondering how it was that nobody seemed to pursue me. One day, however, I got hold of a paper and found that his brother had been discovered standing over him with a bloody knife in his hand, and that he had immediately fled, having, it was presumed, previously made away with the little girl. The motive, the paper said, was obvious, as he wished to succeed to the title and estates of his elder brother, Sir Edward Steele." "Oh! thank God! thank God!" exclaimed Harry, "it has come at length, and my character will be cleared. My poor brother, have I found your murderer? But quick, man, quick," said Harry, turning to the stranger, whose faculties were fast fading, " the child, where is the child ? Did you murder her?" " No, no," gasped the dying man "no, not so bad as that—there—there she is, and as good a girl—an angel she is. She thinks me her uncle. She is Lucy Steele." With that he fell back, and after a short struggle expired. 