TRUE GHOST STORIEB. -4.~--- TnE two ghost stories told (says the London correspondent of the Liverpool Mercury) by our most eminent anatomist are as romantic in their way as any told by the Pysochological Society. When hardly more than a lad at Lancaster, the future defender of vivisection was studying for the medical profession, he bad a horror of the ghastly details of the business, which he imagined he could never overcome. He was cured, strange to any, by a fright. Having to take some medicine on a windy night to Laodaster Castle,' he had to pass through the room in which he had taken part in dissections. Just as be entered, the room with the basket of medioine poder his arm, the clouds which hi& the noon suddenly parted, a door slammed,.and looking up, the future biologist sawwhat be thought was an enormous figure in white, with arms outstretched, looking down upon him. He turned around trembling, and against the wall opposite stood another figure in white, "He dropped his basket and ran. The patients in Laneaster Castle got no medicine that night. But when he returned next day and found .that he had been frightenedhby mortuary sheets, he braced this nerves tip so that he was soon collecting skule. At last a negro died in Lancaster Castle, and the young doctor .got permission to have his head, It was again a windy night when the operation of removing the head was deter. mined upon. Buthabitedinhielongcloak, then the fashion, and provided with a blue bag, the comparative anatomist soon had the head safely stowed away. As he' left the. room in which the coffin lay, however, the wind slammed the door, caught his' cloak, and nearly threw him upon his face. Attempting to recover himself, he lost his hold of the bag, the head fell out, rolled with increasing velocity down a flight of steps, across a courtyard, and settled itself upon the neck, with one eye open and the other abst, in a room where two women shrieked. The profesor rushed wildly after it, took no notice of the women, seized the skull, put it in his bag again and ran from the Castle. Four or five years afterwards he was attending a dying woman, who called loudly for a clergyman, to whom she had something to tell. The doctor begged her to tell him, as no clergyman was near enough to be called in time. At length she spoke. "Oh, sir, I had a husband, who was a nego, and I fear, a bad man. He died, sir, in Lancaster Castle; and, oh I asir, I was standing one day in the room when my husband's head came out of tihe floor, andseemed to ask me to help him. And then, sir, the devil came through the door, snatched up the head, put it in a bag, and disappeared before I could do anything. And I have never done anything. Oh, sir, what can I do for my poor husband'a soul." 