Since the days when Pilate inquired what truth was, a candid inquirer can not ofteu have been so perplexed as the Conservative of the old school, who took up his favorite organ in the Melbourne pressyesterday must have been. Glancing with a satisfied look at the rather boast- 1 ful epigraph, " the truth I speak, iin- " pngn it who so list," sucli a man might let his eye travel down the column of the first leading article. He would there read tlint " good feeling and good " sense will be best consulted by dealing " with the O'Loghlon arrears with " all decent rapidity. . . . No party " object is sewed by denunciotions " of the dead." This is a very intelligible and even a lucid teaching. The faults of the late Ministry are to be con doned because it is happily defiinct. But what says the second article 1 It de nounces this dead Ministry for ' having " acted in a most reckless and unbusi- " ness like way j" it says " it is high " time that Ministers were taught that they are responsible in something more " than name and it. winds up that " the " only way in which we can get at- tbe J' culprits is by impeachment." We admit it so far Ledges as to coiiaent that the tribunal which Parliament is to ap point" is not to have a retrospective action but its very constitution is in directly to " condemn their irregu larities." Now which of these views is the truth " impugn it who so list V' Ts it true that we ought to pass over the flagitious and irregular acts of the late Ministry in sad silence, or that we ought to pass an indirect censure of the heaviest kind upon them ( Both opinions may conceivably be false, but both together cannot possibly be true. It is not for us to attempt to pene trate the fog behind which oracular wisdom has enshrined itself. One criti cism, however, we .may at least venture on. The policy of oblivion is distinctly the wiser for our contemporary. What ever offences the O'Loglilen Ministry has committed, and they are very numerous, they were steadily ex plained away, apologised away, lied away, in the columns of the Conser vative press. Everyone connected with Parliament or with the press knew that Mr. Bent at least was dealing freely with any money he could lay hands upon, taking from a loan fund here a water or a trust fund there, and leaving it to Providence to arrange for the recoups. Nevertheless, the speakers in the House who tried to point this out were opposed by the solid Conservative phalanx ; and speeches and leading articles and para graphs of news which repeated the obnoxious facts were met with flat denials in the columns that profess to speak the truth " impugn it who so list." We do not suppose our contemporary is much shocked at the baseness implied in an attack upon old con federates, but we imagine common sense must indicate that if the whole guilt of tho O'Loglilen Ministry be laid bare, some portions of the disgrace will re dound upon their supporters. Certainly silence is the wiser' course. Wo may oven add that it is the more moral. However useful to justice tho rascal who has turned informer may be, he is not an edifying or a nice spectacle. " That " Tommy Twitcher should poach, I con- "fess, astonished me, " was tho sentence caught up and shouted out by the pit that brought blushes to Lord Sand wich's cheek, after lie had denonnced Wilkes in the public interest. Rome reflection of the same kind must have occurred to Sir Bryan aud his colleagues. Impeach them'? Why half Parliament and tlio whole Conserva tive press of the colony will have : to stand at the bar -when they are ar raigned ! They are not even the worst sinners in the community. There is a depth of infamy below that of the poli tical adventurers who have given away principles and party loyalty that they might enjoy office for time. Even these men may look down with contempt upon those who flattered them in their day of power, and who now turn fiercely upon them when they are fallen. The cant of virtuous indignation is never more sickening than on the lips of Jonathan Wild. The science and the morality of the medical profession in .Melbourne have seldom been subjected to a severer trial than they have .had to go through in the Supreme Court during the hearing of the actions for damagc-s arising out of the recent Hawthorn accident. That tlie doctors who appeared on behalf of the Government differed from the doctors who gave their evidence in the interest of the plaintiffs goes without saying. When the Queen sends her permit to the Dean and Chap ter to elect a bishop according to the inspiration of the Holy Ghost, it some how or other always happens that at the end of the proceedings the Holy Ghost isfonnd to invariably declare for the nominee of the Crown. The same sin gular accordance is observable between the doctors and their respective patrons in the railway cases. Tn no case that we are aware of has science given any other opinion than that which it was expected and paid to give. - The Crown doctors have never failed to find that the damages said to have bsen sustained by the complainants were of the slightest possible character ; while on the other side the diagnosis discloses an awful train of life-long symptoms that no money compensation is adequate to alleviate. Science and conscience are both equal to tlie strain put upon them ; and the most contradictory and irrecon cilable opinions are pronounced with out the infirmity of a doubt. Some of the instances in which this accom modating spirit manifested itself are so striking as to merit special notice. One of them was the case of a ! gentleman named Peacock, who bad the ill lu,ck to fall a victim to Mr. Bent's railway management on commercial principles. Mr. Peacock's medical attendants were Dr. Ifila, Dr. Williams and Dr. Fetherston, and tliey gave a ' very decided opinion that he had re ceived very decided injuries from tho shook his system had sustained. These injuries wero described to be " sloeplesS- " ne3S, spitting of blood, and alarming " dreams at night," What alarmed Dr. ! Iffla and his colleagues, however, gave no concorn whatever to Dr. Charles Ryan and Dr. Shields, who both agreed for the Crown that "there " was little or . no trace of injury " referrable to the occurrence." The case of Mrs. Lawlor is still more significant. The testimony of the professional gentle men employed by that lady scarcely left a bone in her body that did not require repairing. Her spine had suffered con cussion ; her legs were paralysed ; her hips rent with sciatica; her face had been cut ; there was internal hemorrhage ; and hysteria had been established which it was believed would last for years. Such an, array of symptoms so pro nounced one would have thought might have defied a whole . college of surgeons to explain awny ; yet, under the Ithnriel touch of the medical witnesses for the Crown they vanished into trifles light as air. These gentlemen could detect no threatening paralysis of either motion or sensation ; all the organs were 'in their natural state, and the hysteria is an affair of a few weeks. How the public are to reconcile these conflicting judgments we do not pretend to say. A legal opinion has always been a purchaseable commodity. A latvyer will advocate any case for his fees; and no one is surprised that of two lawyers the one shall be morally convinced that the prisoner is innocent and the other that he is guilty. But science is popularly supposed to have a rather stiffer backbone, and to be not so easily bent "to the base needs of tho " market, " Doctors may differ con scientiously, as a matter of course ; but the curious thing in these railway cases is that their conscience is always found to be on the side of those who pay for it. The medical men whom the sufferers employed always saw mountains where \- the Crown witnesses only saw molehills. Wo cannot say for certain at what point their solicitude for their patients began ; but we think we may infer that it did not wax the fainter when it was discovered that the Government would probably be the party to pay for it. We know for a fact that some of the medical bills of cost were ruthlessly reduced by the juries and judges; and there is nothing very surprising in the circum stance, if it is true, as it is rumored, that as soon as ever the acci dent was known, the profession agreed among themselves to charge double the customary scale of fees for attendance. Tlie fact that in many cases the charges were thought excessive by the court would go to confirm this suspicion. Whether the patients were held liable for the whole amount notwithstanding the court's interference we are not in a position to say with certainty ; but it is quite conceivable that they should be, Indeed, it is quite conceivable that the doctors and patients, being both alike interested in securing the largest amount of damages from the Government, should consider their cause a common one-; and on this principle the readiness displayed by some of the medical men to magnify the injuries and sufferings of their clients would be explained. We should bo sorry to think that any medical man would have been the first to urge upon his patient the policy of bringing an action against the Government, much less that he would have conspired with him to enhance the amount of damages. If this feeling prevails with tbe public it is the duty and interest of the profes sion to dispel it ; and it seems to us that they can do this best by coming to an agreement among themselves that they will always abide by the regular scale of charges customary in their daily prac tice, and thatthey will individually attend no accident in which the Government are concerned except in conjunction with a medical officer whom the Govern ment should appoint to work in con sultation with thera. With such a pre caution, there could be no further room for reflections at the expense either of their skill, their science, or their moral sense. 