Exaggerated, or not ? A WHITE® in thQj Peak Downs Telegram gives a sketch purporting to: be¥ descriptive of Pine Hill The Clermont editor hints that it is exaggerated-a caricature rather than a faithful picture. ^ I hjpe, for the sake of iPine Hill, that the sketcher tin first-class liar. Pine Hill is the new<terminus of the Central Railway, in place of the discarded Bogautungan. Here are a few junks cut from the sketch : - The truth is, paradoxical as it appears, that Pine Hill is built on a miserable low flat, on a high dust heap. It is here that people iftre forced to exist-not lire. They breathe death from theunwholesome vegetation. It is here that a Primary School is to be erected,/where innocent children are to learn cleanli ness and purity. How can they in this hotbed of disease ? It requires a strong remedy-this disease. We say nothing of sandflies, flies, and mosquitoes, snakes, centipedes, and the bosom Mends you get at nights. We throw these trifles in. - On the social side.-If the natural characteristics of railway camp life are such, what are the habits and customs of tHe people ? Have these people come here to correct the abuses of a former life ? Alas, no. Many of them come here to sink deeper into the depths of pollution. Here we can find the escapee from the French settlement, the Pole who emigrated to save his life from despotic Russia, the Italian who . has plotted against his country, and Feniazjs by the score. -The " Heathen Chinee" is to the fore, both as shanty-keeper and gardener. Every nation under the'sun is here [even the Esquimaux and Kamskatdales] :- Eree Kanakas married to white women by Rockhampton ministers; blacks, who come here for food, and who are soon to feel all the horrid diseases which curse and afflict life; girls, who have lived profli gate lives in the old country, have settled down here in the shanties as barmaids and ballet girls, to allure the simple bush man who has a cheque to " knock down." There are two very good hotels at-Pine HillS f The other hotels are not like this. There are about 30 business houses up, and of these 20 are grog-shops. Not 'more than four are licensed houses, tout all sell alike. The Licensing -Foard is at" Clermont. None of the Board ever go to Pine Hill. A man! ; puts up a shanty, or hotel, and applies for bis license through an agent, who is paid by him. The police say that they know nothing against the publican. The agent certifies that his client has'fulfilled the conditions of the Act, and the Bench grants the license. I know men who make brandy, rum, and whisky, and sell it to the>hoMs. It is not the duty of the civilian, but of the police, to find out these nests of iniquity. Do they do it ? No. At a shanty one night, I was awakened by an intoxicated policeman who wanted a " nip 1" A number of our shanty-keepers are ex-policemen. .The forms of life at Pine Hill would cause any one to blush. In three hotels' about 20 young girls were living, drinking, and dancing, and to hear these girls curse and swear was painful. We Baw girls of tenderages, not more than 12 or 13 years of age, dancing with " flash " young bullock-drivers in theTioteTsT These are hells of tHe. worst order-New York or London cannot vie with them, r One Landlady swore'by the " Holy Ghost." The most abject/ degradation and vile blasphemy flow out from the lips of the women. Who livies in that humpy ? Oh> that is the residence of the BlaeTcAngel. Another domestic is known by a worse name/and'so on. For pure, simple, unadulterated, and sys tematic swearing and filthy language, take me to Pine Hill. [Since the article , was published, Pine Hill resi dents have written. to the Peak Downs Telegram characterising, the production as- a scurrilous tissue of lies, and inviting the correspondent to reveal his identity, so that the Pinei Hiir men might give him what deserves! But the writer keeps mum. Ed.\P.] .. * ? . " PLASE, sor, will you assist a poor man, whose house and furniture and everything in it was burned down, including me family* sor, two weeks ago last Friday, bad luck to the black day," asked a stalwart " son of the soil" of a well-known benevolent Brisbane merchant. " Where did this occur P" asked the merchant, who, likes to be satisfied that stated jcases are genuine. " In Sydney, sor, bad scran to it." ; <(I suppose you have some paper or certificate to show that your story is true ?" " Sorra a one, yer honor ; I did have a certificate from a priest, and a judge, and the crowner who held the inquest on the fire, but, bless yer sowl, yer honor, it was in me house at the time, and got: burned up with me wife and childer, and all. the rest of me effects." . The yarn was so funny, that the merchant cbuldn't help turning over a half-a- crown. v ' \ t V * * * A Chbistmas all the year, round. A gentleman itdppirig with some friends in Ireland last Christmas, questioned the oldest servant libout' the "family fairy/1 of which h^ had heard nothing during hisvisit. The senior retained said, "Divil a fairy your honor, since the old masther died i Ah, thiin was days! It was Christmas all the year round, and shpreading butter on bacon, and whisky galore, begorra!" 