Facts and Fancies Centralized, .(BT ALL OF US. A good l(y)ine for a truant inspector the Borehole coal waggons on their way to Newcastle. Twelve months to-day since Henry Ken dall, Austraha's only true poet, died. Alan, poor Henry ! Gas meeting to-night at Hamilton Council-Chambers. 'Ihe ratepayers are in duty bound to roll up. Compagnoni's satellites to the fore last night at the Tradesmen's Ball. All satin. fled. Plenty of waiters and comestibles a11 fail. The general cry was lash us no The Rugby boys went> down to the Metrop. on Tuesday night to do battle against the Arfomas for a silver cup. The King was amongst them in all his glory. - Result: Victory. Rosa takes a benefit at the theatre next Wednesday. She is induced to do this by a number of her admirers, who are anxious to.bid an affectionate farewell, prior to her departure fi-om the colony. A man in our office yesterday tried seven. teen times to pronounce "John Gwatkin." He gave up in despair after dislocating his jaw, and is now in the Asylum. Our Welsh friends have a lot to answer' for. A " Lover of Fair Play's" letter in yes terday's issue frll like an exploded shell in the ranks of the Licensed Victuallers They want the writer, and, when he is found, total extermination will follow. Professor Holstea is busily engaged on his superb Lucretia. It is a grand pen and ink sketch, shewing Rapidity, Elegance, Ease, and Precision. Worthy of inspection. It can be seen in our conductor's office. A list of new magistrates will appear in a day or so, and, in the interim, many of our local would-be magnates i are en the tip-toe of exp:ctany. "All of u.s" know of several who think their claims of sufficient. strength. - All who love a genial soul will rejoice to hear that Brother Breckenridge is on his legs again, and offers a hundred pounds reward for the name of the unknown skunk who threw the joist at him. TWe alsd have a rod in pickle for the lurcher. Professor Eie was very brilliant at Lambton on Tuesday night. Bir mind shdne but in ll its stlength. Old ruggid Dr. Johnson says--"As the mind must govern the hands, so, in every society, the manof intelligence must direct the man of labour." Lewis and Co. are making a splash. Vide advt. in our back page. .?Evan says Phil Kramer and J3 J. Kittson can't come up to him, and he's determined to put the Galton-S'mithfield puffs completely in the shade. Well done, Even! You're the wisest inman in town to-day. Jack Haynes, of the 1Jdlltin, is going to let up at Melbourne on "Jinks of Jour nalism" and " Contempt of Court.'" More power to his elbow; he is stronger there than in his tongue I Anyhow, it wouldn't do for him toopen fire in N. S. Wales on this racket. Wollongong is passing through a revival, and the miners at Mount Keira have atlast formed themselves into a colliery.union, whilst their brethren at the oth. r mines feel inclined to do likewise. It is to be hoped they will make a better fistof it .this time than they diil the laist. Vrerb. sp. The fire bell rang out in the Haymarket, Sydney, the other night jus as.one of the Salvation Army leaders, who 'is a fire brigade superintendent, was:holding forth. "Duty before pleasure," said he, and away he went to lead his brigade to the. scene of danger. If ad the " Army "' were 'like him they need not be afraid of "skeletonsi!" Anotorious one legged loafer went into a Hunter-street public- house a day or two ago and called for a drink, ase argent. When interviewing the beak next morning he advo-ated the principles of reniprocity in trade and an extension in credit, but on finding himself scnt up for seven days dis covered too late that he had put his only foot in it. uh "r Someone has bungled," and poor Jones, the smelter, has to pay the penalty by remaining in gaol. When his two months have expired, the, authorities will gravely give their dercision, and: statewith_ all:the solemnity of solons, that "the aforesaid Thomas Jones is illegally in custody,, and that. he muse be fozthwith discharged" Lawmakers and blunderers :ye have a big score against you. They hafi Jumbo in'ri England. He was the pet ofall the 3oungsters. We have a simnilar luxury 'now in the.Zoological Gar dens, Moore Paik. His elephantine majesty was visited by thousands on Saturday last. "All of us" are af'raid thisl treat for young Australians will be an expensive one. It took .600 to safely-house the Australian Jumbo, and it will cost d6 per week to feed him ! 'J'he greatest satire upon the Climinal Law. Coisolidation Act was accidentally witnessed at the Sydney Police Court on Monday, when, as a test of the powers of sight possessed by a witness,. he: was re quested to read a portion of'the Act. He tried hard, lint at lasthe ?imply echoed the sentim-nts of thousands. when he said he "could make nothing oui of it !" " Who's. the next P". First we have Miss Pom royminarried to Mr. Elliott, then Miss Rosa Towers to-Mr. Wood, and now Miss Jenuie G wynne,of the Sydney Gaiety, toMr. Arthur Roenay, of the same company! B ars Hymen taken to the stage? or has Cupid 'been :on the warpath behind the seunes ? . It is high time we had a look rduad, or else all the f-iscinating spinsters will' be whipped up before we can get a ghost of a show !.' ' "Thoy: ~ere playing nap. The old.stager declared for the lot. He had,.he thought, a certainty,viz, king, queen, jack, ten, and nine of spades He meant to take a " rise" out of his confreres, so commenced playing the ten. Ofcourse it wasn't taken, much to the disguist of the.others. An old "dry hash " present, bowever, had put on a sar castic smile and followed him doggedly. He had the deuce, trsy, fire, seven and ace of the same suit ; and when he placed his black demon on the nine of the old 'uns, and took the trick, with a shout of triumph, the look of annihilation and anathema tizing he received will neverbe forgotten. An effusion in female handwriting, but flavouring strongly of masculine compo sition, has reached us. The irate writer complains that "choice joints," or tender "salt beef," can't be had for love nor money from our local butchers, and that 'the prime picks go aboard ship to the skippers, who don't mind paying for a good thing while they are in port, which is not often." The technicalities qucted hint that the writcr (who is anonymous) knows somewhat of the tricks of the trade. Whether such be the case or not, we are not going to attempt to decide. There are "good" butchers in Northumberland counly; but, by Heavens, there are some bad ones too. 