A SEA GUEEE". By W. CLARK RUSSELL, Author of "The Wreck of the Groavenor," "A Sailor's Sweetheart," "An Ocean Free Lance," &c.;, &c.; (Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XXir.—The Men are Released. As he returned he looked into the galley, and addressed some words with, a violent gesture of the arm to the cook, and then re joined me. " I have them now," said he. " They tamo wild beasts by keeping them without water; and those scoundrels shall lie there till thirst brings them to their senses. You see what I have done?" he called out to the mates, "Yes, sir," replied Heron. "Understand—both of you—that that scuttle is not to be touched without my orders!" They answered at once, " Ay, ay, sir." After a little the mate went below, but my husband continued walking athwart the deck, with his arms locked upon his breast, whilst I stood beside the skylight watching him, greatly "agitated by what had taken place and wonaering what we should do. The barque, as I have said, was under all plain sail. The cloths offered an immense surface, and as I looked at the white and glistening spaces a feeling of terror possessed me when I thought of what must happen if the weather grew boisterous and the men refused to re turn to their duties. Presently Richard's eye lighted upon me. He stopped, and forcing a smile, said, "Your old dreams of the sea never included a busi ness of this kind, Jess ?" " No," I answered. " How has it all come about, Richard?" " I know no more than you," said he. "But I have no doubt whatever that the mates are at the bottom of it. They have found some rascally hands in the forecastle—Quill, for instance, and that yellow devil who ran away from the wheel just now; and the carpenter, taking his cue from Heron, has encouraged them to grumble, whilst they in their turn I have influenced the rest. The whole thing is vamped up. The men who pretend not to be equal to the discharge of able seamen's duty ! are merely acting a part agreed upon." " I felt that as I listened to them," said I. "Hid you note the behavior of the mates? Short actually chimed in with them. Heron, who is more unprincipled, was more cautious, But, depend upon it, he took care to let the crew tell by his manner that he was as much against me as any of them." " It seems so unreasonable, so monstrous," said I, " that a whole crew should turn like this, so early in the voyage, upon a captain they have nothing to say against. Even where it true that some of the able seamen are bad sailors, it would be a grievance no honest man among them would hold you responsible for." " W hen sailors are rascals, there's no kind of rascals worse," said he. " This is not the first time a ship's crew have mutinied without just reason; and I have even heard of a second mate turning out to be the promoter of the rebellion; but never in all my expe rience and reading have I come across such a thing as both mates—nay, every living crea ture aboard a vessel—combining 3gainst a master who has done them no wrong, and ; where there is no complaint to be made against the ship. Ara I to assume that Heron is paying me out for the talking to I gave him in the North Sea? But what's the use of conjecturiDg ? Here is the thing right under our noses. How am I to cope with it? Oh, Jess, I wish you were at home. I wish you were safe with your father! Your presence unmans me. Your precious life weighs against the resolution I ought to have to deal with these villains." He was deeply moved, and looked at me with .sorrowful eyes and a face full of bewilder ment, I was equally moved to hear him speak in this manner; for as he knew how great was my love for him, he might well suppose that I could desire no greater glory than to share in his difficulties and perils, and that nothing could shame me more deeply to the heart than to believe him capable of supposing I thought only of my own safety when he was in danger. Maybe he read what was passing in my mind, for so I interpreted his smile, that was like a recognition of my thoughts. But he was too much troubled to dwell long upon any one point of this sudden calamity. He kept on saying, as if to himself, "Both mates against me! Not a living creature honest enough, among a company of twelve men, to admit that I am being cruelly ill-treated! It is incredible! Who would believe it? Why, if the mates and the seamen had all been convicts, they could not prove more dangerous scoundrels to go afloat with. Our very lives are not safe !" and, as he said this, he laid his hand on his breast. " What have you here," said I. "Nothing, Jess, nothing," he answered, letting fall his hand. " Why not tell me?" I exclaimed. "Is it a pistol?" " Yes," he replied, with a little hesitation; and a darkness came into his face as he said, "Thank God Quill went forward when I told him. In another minute I must have shot Mm." " Oh Bichard!" cried I, clasping my hands, " for God's sake do not carry such a horrible temptation to your passions about with you." "Hush!" he exclaimed, looking in the direction where the carpenter stood steering. " I am one to twelve, and I know my men. Say no more about it, Jessie; and he spoke so sternly that the protest I was about to repeat died away on my lips. I had guessed by the manner in which he slapped his breast, when he bade the crew go forward, that he bad a pistol there; yet I was not so certainly convinced but that the confirmation of my suspicion affected me like a violent blow, bringing home with unbearable em phasis the character of our peril, by giving roc to see how he had prepared himself for it. His glance happened to fall upon his sex tant that lay upon the skylight. He instantly took it up, and said, " I must go below to work out these sights. They had utterly passed from my mind. Stay on deck, Jess, till I return, and should the steward or cook approach the fore-scuttle—that little hatch there, just before the windlass—call to me through the skylight." So speaking, he left me, just going to the binnacle and saying something to the carpenter, and looking up as he spoke, as though referring to the quantity of canvas on the barque, and then narrowly scanning the horizon to judge of the weather, and also to see if there was any vessel in sight. It seemed strange indeed to me to be walk ing the deck as if I had command; for this was the feeling given by the responsibility to keep watch that my husband had put upon me. I knew what he feared was that the cook or the steward might in his absence sneak forward and liberate the men; who, shonld they be let loose in this way, were very likely to be hurried into extremities by their rage at having been battened down in the small forecastle and threatened with hun ger and thirst if they did not return to their duty. Accordingly, I kept my eyes closely feed on that part of the vessel; but all the while I was wondering how this unhappy and dangerous business was to end, whether any good would come of my going to the men and endeavoring to make peace, and, above all, how we should manage, far out as we were in the Atlantic, and without a man to trust to, even among the four who had not directly mutinied—i.e.. the mates, steward, and cook— if the crew continued obstinate in their refusal to work the vessel. My imagination, always most active when I was least thankful for its suggestions, painted that darksome interior forward for me, and, though I do not know what sort of appearance the inside of the forcastle presented, I could easily figure a sort of gloomy cave, dimly lighted by an oil lamp, the whole made resonant by the wash and hollow thunder of the bow wave, as it roared from the cutwater, and picture the faces of the crow, pallid as ghosts in the sickly light, as the men sat up on their chests, and conferred upon what was best to be done now that they were im prisoned, and there was no chance of obtain ing provisions unless they turned to. It was a strange imagination to come into my head; but the mere thought of the crew would inspire it when my mind went to them from the beautiful sunbright, breezy picture of the barque and the glorious expanse of curling, sparkling, yeasty sea. Presently, turning my head, I noticed Mr. Short standing squarely at the wheel, and steering with a dogged face. Little as I re lished addressing him after his manner when I had before accosted him, I fancied that something might come of an exchange of words with the fellow; and as I could com mand the forecastle as well from the wheel as from the skylight, I walked aft. "This is a very unhappy business, Mr. Short," said I. "What is the cause of men mutinying in this manner?" "You heard their answers to the cap'n, mum," he replied. "They say there aren't enough good hands among 'em." "But is that really the case, or is it a mere pretence to give my husband and Mr. Heron aDd yourself trouble ?" I said. He turned his eyes slowly upon me, as much as to say, " Don't bracket us with your hus band ; that's a kind of sop that won't do here!" and exclaimed, " Some of the men aren't up to much. Yet not much good can come of their striking. The ship must be worked, if wc don't want to be drownded, an' it's hinconvenient enough to me, mum. Here am I fetched off my dinner afore I'd taken three bites of it." I was about to offer to hold the wheel whilst he went for his dinner; but instantly thought, No! if he offers to release the men I shall be unable to leave the wheel to call my husband. So I said, "Shall I tell the steward to bring your dinner here?" "Thank ye, mum, I can wait,"he answered gruffly. " I supposo there'll be an end o' this job presently, and then somebody '11 relieve me." "Did you ever hear of a crew mutinying so early on a voyage as our men have ?" I asked. " Ay," he replied, "scores of times. Why, pretty nigh every day ye may hear of crews refusing to man the windlass, ana that means that they mutiny afore they begin the voyage." "But not without some grievance—some thing to justify them in refusing to go to sea?" "Ob, if they think themselves short handed, they'll mutiny fast enough," he answered, with an unpleasant grin. " A good many sailors 'ud reckon our men very patient for waitin' so loDg before they came aft with their troubles." " I have heard of mutinies, but was never in one before," said I; " but if I thought the men—even in stories about mutinies—mad, what must I think of the reality, when I see this vessel as good as deserted, left to the mercy of the weather, with all the crew con fined in the forecastle, bound to perish if the barque should founder, and yet apparently valuing their lives so lightly that in order to bring us all into danger they have to invent a grievance," " Well, that's what yon say," he responded insolently; "butI, who'm no more than a fo'ksle hand, though I'm styled second mate and carpenter, and who knows more about the life forrards than ever you can, am not going to call the men liars right off 'cause they come aft and make a statement. I'm not with them and I'm not against 'em. I've got nothing to do with it. But if as you say they're willing to lose their lives rather than do the 3hip's work, don't ye think folks ashore would take that to sinnify that their grievance must ha' been pretty real to make 'em agreeable to go to the bottom sooner thanlet themin authority have their own way?" If this thought I is a specimen of the logic this sea lawyer uses in his conversation with the men, small wonder that they mutiny; and as the meaning behind his reply grew clearer to me I felt more than ever persuaded that much if not all the present mischief was owing to the mates, who finding the crew willing, as unhappily most merchant seamen are, to hunt about for grievances, had quietly stirred them up into their mutinous and menacing posture. I was now startled by the noise of heavy thumping forward. It lasted several moments, and when it ceased the cook came out of his galley and looking ray way roared out that he was so and so'd if be didnt believe the men were suffocating. The knock was re peated, and I ran to the skylight and called Richard, He came on deck at once, but he had no need to ask what was the matter, for on hi9 head emerging from the companion he heard the knocking plainly. "Ah!" he^exclaimed, " they are coming to their senses, are they? Mr. Heron," he cried putting his head down the companion, "come on deck, and bring tbe handcuffs you'll find on the table in my cabin with you." The mate arrived very promptly, holding the handcuffs. "Now," continued Richard, taking the handcuffs from him, and looking at him sternly, '* am I to reckon upon your sup port?" "Certainly," answered Heron, who was very pale; and I was not surprised that he should be so, for there was something of real desperation in my husband's manner, such as might easily have persuaded the cowardly, unprincipled fellow before him that any hesi tation now might cost him his life. "Then, follow me," said Richard, and strode hurriedly forward, the mate going after him, and making, I thought, with his narrow shoulders and long shore clothes, but a poor figure beside my husband. When they reached the forecastle, Richard stopped over the hatch without touching it, and called out, " Below there! have you had enough of this? Are you tired?" I was too far off to catch the answer, or even to hear the faintest murmur of it; but a reply was made, for Richard called out again, "I have more patience than you! I can beat you at this game! Are you willing to turn to ? If so, say so, and I'll let you out. If not, stop where you are—for we're bound to .Sierra Leone, and there we'll go; and if you can do without air and water and provi sions till we get there, good—you shall have your way." Here the men answered again, on which my husband said, " Very well, I'll open the scuttle, but Isaac Quill must come up first. If any man offers to follow without my leave I'll shoot hitq. I'll put a bullet through his head the moment it appears. So mind your selves !" And there was a ring in his voice that could have left them in no doubt of his determination. He then opened the top of the scuttle; but when Quill stepped forth my husband with a quick movement closed the hatch again, and before Quill could gain his sight, blinded as he was by coming from the darkness into the streaming sunshine, the handcuffs were on his wrists, and he was standing like a felon. All this I could plainly see from where I stood. My heart beat violently. I never knew what was going to happen next; what dreadful tragedy might spring from Richard's desperation on the one hand and the men's undisciplined passions on the other. My husband now said something to the mate, who, taking Quill by his Bhirt sleeve, came aloDg the deck with him. Heron's lips move as they approached, as though he spoke in a very soft voice to Quill; probably he said something to encourage him, or to excuse himself for taking the part he was now playing. They went down the com panion, and on peering through the skylight I saw the mate open the door of the berth occupied by the steward. Quill entered. The mate then shut and locked the door, and brought away the key that dangled between his thumb and forefinger as he walked for ward to rejoin my husband. Certainly this behavior was consistent with his assurance to Richard that he was willing to do what he was told, and I drew some com , fort from it, for I hoped that now he saw Richard was a resolved man, not to be van quished without a hard and might be a bloody contest, he would fall readily to his duties, withdraw his sympathies from the men, and give us no more trouble this side of Sierra Leone, where no doubt my husband would find some means of getting rid of him. Meanwhile Richard remained standing at the scuttle, with his hand in his breast, wait ing for the mate, and not addressing the men under the hatch. When Mr. Heron joined him he took the key and put into his pocket; and then, leaning his head, to the scuttle, he called out— " If I release you, will you turn to and give me no more of your growlings and your lies about being weak handed ?" The answer was inaudible to me, but evi dently satisfactory, for without another word Richard threw back the top of the scuttle and exclaimed, "Very well. Tumble up and re turn to your work and we'll say no more about it. The past shall be the past. Let the man whose trick it is go aft and relieve the second mate at the wheel." He then, followed by the mate, slowly re turned along the main deck, coming to a stand near the winch, abaft the mainmast and facing the forecastle, to view the men. 