YAOHTINC. the intercolonial regatta.— from the "white elephant." A Retrospect — By Mainstay. " Regatta and especially tho annual regattas of au important. seaport, havo long been regarded as reu letter days in the aqnatie annals of tbo locality where bold, and arc generally looked forward to as an opportunity of testing tbo im. provoments which may bavo taken placo in tho form of the various types of yachts, sailing, and fishing craft of every description during tiioycnr. In England and America, Franco and Sweden these aquatio trysts nssumo much more national importance than thoy have yot di.no in Australia, cortainly more than they have done in Victoria up to tho present time. In all cases tho aunual regatta is open to yachts of every description coming under their rospctivo classes, no matter by whom owned or sailed, ox- copt a Corinthian Raco is introduced on tho ro. gatta programme, whon amateurs alono compote. This used to ho tho rulo in Victoria boforo yacht clubs in tboir Conservative anxiety to nar row tho racing down to their particular club or thoso who woro mombcra of othor recognised clubs, assumod tho management of our an. nual regattas, in tho abscnco of a more active in- toreat in such manly and useful pastimes by tho goneral public. This is not as it should bo, and it is to bo hoped for tho future that in all regattas where publio monoy is subscribed, and especially any regatta assuming tbo significance of an in tercolonial regatta, that the hc3t yacht building and sailing skill tho colony can produco will bo permitted to assort itself at the starting lino in tho various races. If this is not the caso there will bo many such victories as -that scored by Dr. Milford's beautiful little cutter in tho lato regatta. Woll might ho congratulate tho regatta committee in an aftor dinner speech on their management. I should think New South Welsh yachtsmen would always .prefer similar exclnsivo management wlionovcr thoy como to compete with tho racing flcot of Vic toria. A daily contemporary assures -tho doctor that ho lias scored such a victory that tbo models on which our Victorian yachts aro built cannot efface. The protontiouB critic, if be know anything " of tbo snbjeot ho was writing on, should know that .wo havo a yacht in Victoria that is poiuo fivo, years later in form itban tho Doris, and is as much superior in the clcmonts of form which conduce to high opccll and sail carrying powor as tlio Doris is to tho yachts sho compotcd with in the lato regatta. Yot, owing to tbo spirited re cognition which tbo mnnagomont of the club has bestowed on licr builder, sho has been wanting au owner sinco launched, oigbtocn months back ; and was practically cxclndod from competition. Agcntloman was desiriotts of purchasing her, to outer in tho lato rogatta, but wbou ho found that be must not only join a club but socure a steersman that was bIeo a member of a recog nised club, bo gavo the idea up. Ono of tho peculiarities of nil seaports and yachting rendezvous, whether on lako, rivor, estuary or bay is tho divergcnco in typo, rig and cquipmontsofsail boats and yachts, each placo no a rule having its own charactoristicticau-idcatof tbo sort of thing salt water likes. In most instances this is regulated by local influences asboro and afloat— bonce tho variety of typos to bo mot with aroundtbosea boardsof Groat Hritainanil America. Of course quite irrcspcclivo of the prevalence of shoals or deep water or circling unsteady winds demanding groat lateral stability, it ofton hap pens that form iR regulated ill n groat measure by tho chanco residence of somo builder or on- tliusiastic amateur yacht constructor or owner ; and wlio, while thoy are educating their contem poraries in tbo clomcnta of form, are often con sidered fit suhjocts for tbo lunatic asylum or pillory, It will bo often maintained by tbo old school of immaculate conooplors that thovo is only ono truo ideal form for spaed, and that is the cod's bead and mackerel tail, and in no piled under the palo glimpses of tlio moon was this idea of form more rampant than in tbo colony of Victoria, but especially in Mclbourno and its ad- jacont waters, some short time back. I need only mention tho general condemnation of tho Janet wbilo building, and tho many visits of condol- onco paid to her owner for "having entrusted such a task to a comparative stranger from the country who had dared to flout tho recognised essentiali ties of bluff bowB and & bargo-Fike riso of floor, with counters tucked up like tbe Harbor Trust steam yachts and tag boats. Tho proposal to put 20 tons of lead outsiao on her kocl was regarded as sheer madness, and even tbo 7i tons put on by way of compromise was considered a matter of serious moment for the life and marine insnranco offices. What will these nautical Cassandras think of tbo Doris, of 5 tons, voyaging round from Sydney with U, of her 0 tons of lend ballast out side on bcr keel, two oxtra tons having been put on her lately, with a result mo3t gratifying to her spirited owner. Bat enough of this long shore yarning. WnB not self nnd somo nautical frionds invited oil board tho " White Elephant," specially to wit ness tbo regatta in all its varied club glorifica tions and war paint1? Had not tbo steward, under the princely supervision of Yonng BulTols, boon engaged for soveral doys previous seeing to tbo viands and culinary department after tbo clearing out tlio Victoria Yacht Club had given her lockers during a late cruiso? Had I not sampled somo Crime de la floosie that was to go on hoard, nnd therefore gave orders to solf and frionds to icavo their mcdicino chests on sboro ? Not so, bowover, my friend Kissano, whoso know ing winks denoted a mystery somewhere and who had outraged til c proprieties of yachtinghospitality by providing himself with a suspicious looking torpedo fashioned instrument, tbo sight of which, as _ wo stepped on board, Bont old Buffols, tbo skipper, into sail Betting and anchor weighing, in which wo all joined. Tlio old mail was ovidenlly suffering a recovery from either tho lloosie that wo bad boon sampling tho night previous in Muffoll's sanctum sanctorum, or tho Wiggonian storm had already begun to show premonitory symptoms of impending doom to his future reign onboard his floating homo on the briny. Whether it was tho broom at the masthead, or a night on a sandspit down tho Day on a previous outing, tho impending storm and tbo stato of the locker, or tho appearance of Kissano, tho mariner, trans formed in a moment into tlio most piratical of cutthroats, tho old man looked ail abroad, ne would occasionally cast furtive glances at Kis- sano's encased torpedo, and then the bunting, for instead of fluttering in the brcezo it hung in floldB down tho masthead iroin tbo truck. Under weigh wo cortainly were, so far as any connection tlioro was botween our mudbook and termjirma, but liko Coleridge's Ancient Mariner, We wcro without breath or motion, As idle as a paluted Bhip upon a painted ocean. Young Muflbis, whom wo left oa tbo Ficr to fallow ns when somobody or something or other arrived, came alongside in a skifj. accompanied by tbreo gentlemen, one of whom wo, on being intra, duccd with tho most unctions grace by Mullein recognised as a woll known and wealthy citizen of Molbourno who bad lately distinguished himself by Ills bcnclicenco at Qneenscliff in providing a sanatorium for playod-out Church of England clergymen, sent there by tho Bishop to await tho inspiration of .tho gods. I shall always swoar by tho memory of our grandiose and most gentle- mauly of shipmates, if only for this ono act of humane compassion, Would that bo could mako them bathe in tbo stream of Lotbo, and forget all about our 39 Articles, Atbanasion and Niccno creeds. Wo cou!<l then go to church on a 8umlny without tho oppression of feeling liko hypocrites. No sooner bad young Muffcls stepped on board without boipg followed by any known or unknown quantity of medical comforts or other acceptable oncascincnta, our old man fairly gavo up tlio ghost. Ho was oblivious to ail inundano things for the remainder of tho day, except any apparent divergcnco from tlio magnetic courso from tbo Heads to tbo whito Pillar buoy denoting tbo pre. senco of the St. Kilda bank, near tbo Nelson's moorings. Seeing bow tilings Btood, and mindful of the status of Kissano tho mariner, consequent oh bis precautionary though tfulness in ensuring us oven temporary roliof from our Bufferings thus oarly. wo at once elected him chaplain in ordinary for tho day's cruising evolutions, ulas to be limited to the locality of tbo lightship's fairway A cool breath of air wafted down upon out- stationary hopes, from tho direction of tho flag- shipjuBt as wo got off tho Sandridgo Railway 1'ior but it was surchargod with a mist of a most Scotmn character, which sont most of our noonlo below. Muffols. with oilskins on, took tbo wheel looking liko a master spirit who Spreads tlio graduated chart, and bounds tlio distanco by tbe rules ot art. His nautical soul was evidently in ocstaticmood wbotlior at tho presence of his stop-sire wborn ho worshipped momentarily, ovornnd nnon addressing him in tones of tbo most oxcruoiating ondcar- mont, and then glancing over tho side with nlook and fooling that reminded mo of tho lines— Away, away, what nectar spray she flings about lior prow, What diamonds splash in every flash that drips upon my -brow, She knows sho bears a soul who dares and loves tho dark rough sea : "Mqrc sail !" i cry; "Let, lot lior fly 1 this is tho hour tor me." But alas I for this picture of human happiness and transiont greatness ; my mind bad been led away by the oxcitod air of responsibility of Muffols, who, at thin oarly stage, gavo ns a fore taste of tbo agony that was in store for ns on board the White Elophant ou that ovor to bo ro- was evidently suffering a recovery from th! of torpor, the offoct of tho nigh Vs SS11 coming Wiggonian storm, Kona 1? furtiyo glancos at Kissano'a onoascd t«. ?a Looking duo south from tbo reKL Bandndgo bend, where wo still glanced im i 5 ingly towards tho flagship, -wo denerl»dP.0i.N Sandridgo keel hoats under way for S i outsido tho lightship ; tlio I'rmco of W-d? S Jacjc Stanley at tliotillor boating out towkdw ? of the fleet, a sorry looking spcLdVram" red tho glory 6f bygono days, whon thoir whito si? used, to glisten m tho sun, with topsails 5 looking liko, and boing able to paco with i best yachts of tho period. ' Presently we foil the cool breeze surclmre.d with rain, and wo were soon in the ncighbS'i of tho flagship, just in timo to see tho second rl-,.1 yachts away under a cloud of sail. Tlio p„, ,.a very old Fort, looked quite a t riton " ' ! minnows, lior spread of sail well e„t ... i "? looked most formidable, but as tlio day woro . j Lud the brcezo freshened, tho numbers worn ? tbo Viking to go te tho front with ibo lcnt t' had on board. Whon tbo pace is forced hi.?? will toll, and tlioro was Bufliciont of that knowli quantity in tho 7 ton Viking to beat ihc 15' ton Tert with some timo to 1' addition -to her time allowance. aZ, nt the ' Corio was sufficient to cstimto her chances unless tlio wind freshened up to ? ?-knot breeze, at which speed there was nothini in the race good enough for I, or. It f'; spectacle to see the oFd boat without a topsails for such a day. Even when tue wind freshened up a little she was scarcely oiunl to tho Rore while, tbo old I'syche was too good for cither How is this thusncss, ye sailmakcrs ? Docs a change of brand mako all this .liflorcnca in speed' In tho. first intercolonial rc?atta the C'orio under similar wind prossuro and bright sunshine fairly distanced lior second class compeers of Saturday. Yachta do take tho snlks sometimes like other slios, and it is just possihio that the Corio did not aprovo of hor cliango of muslin or now dress maker. ' Drawn up in lino ready for tho start wcro the third class yachts, rated as such for obvious club reasons, but really tbo fleetest of tbe racing fleet assembled at Saturday's rogatta. This was proved by tho fact of tbo Doris and Excelsior, the two leading boats, and starting an hour after, having overtaken the second class raco. Tho Corsair, No. lte windward, VandnaraNo.2 Excelsior No. 8. Southern Cross No. 4, and Doris No. 6, were the competitors. The Corsoir I know nothing about, except sbo is an old boat with a new name, which is most likely. Sho cortainly bad her day out, hut tlio company was altogothor too good for lior. Tho Vanduara looked all atauto, but evidently not in as good form as when she boat both Vik. ing and Psyche last year. She loot n lot of her load ballast when sunk at Colac, and has never been in hor old form since. Tho Excelsior is a now centreboard racing craft from Geclong, and went very well indeed. The old Southern Cross, with a suit of sails more fit to bo laid out in ordinary on tho clothos lino of a marino sloio yard, coinos next undor consideration. Never intended te paco with yachts, although winning tho Victorian Champion Cup for three years against all comcra, it was ahumiliatingsight loses tuo 25 year old cnumpion in such company as tho Doris under snch a pitiful rig out ; a jib headed taunod topsail aloft which looked raoro like the sail cover of tbo staysail. It was a relief to thoso who had scon tho Southern Cross under her first sail plan, to cliango to tho whito winged racer, held in loash on hor ieo, with sails towering high above bcr truck, although nourly 3 tons less than Major Hcatk'B old razorback as Skeppard called her when ho first saw her sneaking ont on tho ivcntiicr of Paddy from Cork in Corio Bay. Whon tho gun firod tho Doris and VauJiiara came out in front of thoir coinpoers, and raced beam nnd beam for tbo first few hundred yards, Tlio Vanduara koeping more to the southward then took tho load and kept it te Middlo Brighton, wlioro tlio Doris and Excolsior getting an air of wind further in shore passed her and kept ahead of her for tho remainder of tho race. te tho rim back from Green Point down tho Brighton shore tho Excelsior passed Doris, but tlic latter never lot lior antagonist get a clear length ahead. When the wind freshened up at tho end of the first round tho Doris soon left an unmistakablo gap nnd sliowc-l a dean pair of heels to her closo fighting antagonist. Whito this was going on tilings had taken a serious turn on board tlio White Elephant. Muffcls was atill at the wheel, and lotting her head fly all round the compass. A tack of half a mile on cithor side of the mag. nctic courso from tho Heads seemed to have a mysterious effect on Buffols, who talked of cast ing his inndhook and making tho sun over the foro yard for tho day. Kiesano, tearing this, thought of tho torpedo, tho result being that be was asked to tako tbo wheel. Here was my opportunity to got hor head onoo more in tho direction of tbo racing floet. I caino aft, I saw, but I did not conquer; Kissano bad got bis courso from Buffols, he was too old in the sorrico to disobey ordora, and that courso was due south, while the racing flcot were lying duo east. I conld not stand tills any longer, wo wcro missing all tbe rowing races, and eren with good field glasses were not in good rapport with tho sailing events. I wont down to sook consolation from tho steward, huh ho still seemed oblivious of tho socialities of rogatta occasions, Tho tor. podo by this timo had been tampered with to an unknown quantity. Buffeis bad been taking soundings, nnd Muffels bad donnod oil skins for another bout at tbo wheel. After boxing tho compass for some time ho seemod to havo corao to tho conclusion that anight on the Gollibranu Point reef wns batter than 21 hours oil a siiml- bank down tho Bay, but on boing reminded of tbo impending dangor a fresh courso was given. Now came the prettiest sight of tho day, tho wind hail freshened np te a wholo mainsail strength as tbo Viking loading tho 1'crt camo past us from the flagship, having tbo raco well ul band. Next camo tho Corio and ltory, racing beam and beam, with tho Psyclio'in closo atten dance. Closo on her hoels at this more lively boginniug of tho second round camo tlio .Doris, standing up grandly to hor largo topsail, disdmu. .ing to pull it down till her sail woe undor. .sight as she rushod post us was worth all tho regatta, and will not soon bo forgotten by -out ship's company, who gavo a ringing obcer for tho Doris, which was answorod by her crew except tbo steersman getting te tboir feet and returning tbo complimont. Tho Excelsior camo soon after hor, going liko a witch, bnt tho harder it. J'®" tho faster went the Doris away and ahead, till she ultimately ovortook tho socond class boats. Wo bad now soon all that wo cared for or wcro likoiy .to seo except tho finish of tho thrco yacht races. Wo had givoa up all thoughts of convert- ing tho Btowoid into a more becoming. Bcnsoot his obligations. Wo lind missed our friend .ua< goni, ono of tho Janet's occasional, who hail boon Jofl behind tlio previous day. no had hccit aalcop sinco passing tho flagship in tho morning. On waking up ho Bot us all in a state of open re- volt by his description of tho cnisino ou boani tlio commodore's cutter, and tho number or fowls, tnrkoys, &c.;, that had been sont ashore aftor a lato dinner on board to tho people on tho wharf whilo in Tosmanian waters. "What !" said lio, "cat salt junk and biscuits on a regatta day. Not if I know it, call J® when the mudbook is over the bows in tho uiga , Mint waterman's skiff alongside, Wh.it aigooi job 1'iwldy didn't comoj or the Mitre would not iavo hold us to-night.'1 Turning over with a resigned look to thu panel of his lounge, li ra soon oblivious of onr prescnco below decks. MuiTcls bad jut descended Uio companion ladaci ii bis dilskinsto look for las sire, who hadtu cd , an in sheer disgust- at his antics at U» ; mid. his arrangements for tlio entertainment o£ his guests. Our tormentor informed us that ho had resigned the wheel to ono of the paid crow mow that tho olomcnta had lulled down- Vt o wont on deck to breathe freely onco more, and were noon aiougsido tho flagship, never having got morotuan n mile away from her nil day. The colonial war ship Victoria had not altorcd much sinco wo passed her in tho morning. Tho ram had evidently taken nil tho starch out of tho club war paint, and things wore anything but an intercolonial rogalta look. Tho ohl vie. in her jackass brig rig, certainly did not look tho flag ship sho figuvod on tho last occasion slio was docked out on tho Queen's birthday in the Ilohson's Bay Itcgatta of 1S57, when Sir llonry Darkly, remained on board all day, enjoying tho spcctnclo of a regatta which embraced tLe best boats and the host skill in the colony. Tho centreboard Eclipse from Corio Bay had that day fairly run away from Paddy from tho Cork and Alarum, boating them by 4 J miles. _ The Condor had justcome in ahead ol the Aivola, but tho latter, as previously mentioned,, had won by 7 see. Shortly after this the Vflcing;followed by the 1'crt passed the flagship, and as there was no time for a third round llio gun announced that the Williamstown craft had won. The Doris at this timo hud overhauled tho last of tho second class off St. Kilda, and was a long way ahead of tho Gcelong boat. Wo soon cot to our moorings and found Uio skiff waiting for us. We all got in hut Mil (To Is who vowed ; there wasn't room lor him, altkonghshe could have carried half a dozen more. On arrival alongside the Pier and having squared tho waterman's nccount, wo descried our host Muffels coming a discretionary distanco after us in tho dingy. Wo all voted that.tho White Elephant would make a good missionary schooner or flagship for tho Salvation Army, bat that Muffols wns moro fit to dispense hospitality to the Hallolujuh losses than to a circlo of old yachtsmen on nn intercolonial day. 