COMPETITIVE EXAMINATIONS. TO THE EDITOR. I am, &c.;, JOHN A. NORTHMORE. Sir—I believe there can exist no doubt that the Parliament of South Australia and others who have given rewards to be competed for by the students of our various public and private educational institutions intended [ tbat they should be conducted is & manner calculated to elicit the proficiency attained in j the various branches of education by the can didates, and also to test the mental grasp they have of the subjects on which they are examined, so that the examiner may deter mine bow much of the work submitted to him is the result of rule and routine, and how much to an intelligent apprehension of the principles involved. To this end it is impe ratively necessary that candidates should be subject to a rigorous examination, and have difficult problems to solve. Whilst these pro blems are calculated to elicit the informa tion required, and do not exceed the limits (if any) prescribed "for an examination, and are not impossible of solution within the terms of the problem, there i? no fair ground cf objection. If, however, questions are propounded which are childishly easy, or impossible of solution within the terms speci fied, then the almost unavoidable result will br, in the first case that the proficient scholar will be reduced to an equality with the in different Ote; and in the latter case the car.didate who most fully apprehends the value of the terms specified and realises how irreconcilable they are, would be the last one to suppose that a problem would be pro pounded that could not be solved within the teims specified, and the first to believe that there must be some interpretation to be put upon it other than tbat which he has arrived at, which if he could only get hold of would enable him to solve the problem with out violating the conditions stated therein. With this conviction on his mind he wastes precious time in the rain endeavor to dis cover a solution of the problem which will con-ply with the terms specified, until, perplexed and annoyed with hira tclf for a result which he attributes to his own stupidity, unwilling that it shall be thought he has shirked the qucstior, be ventures a solution, not that he believes to be a correct one. but one that to a certain extent appears less flagrantly to violate the conditions, and not so directly to cocfroEt bim with an absurdity or impossi bility; and v ith the irritating sense of failure acd loss of time to make up, it ia no wonder if in bis after work mistakes are made which otherwise would not have been made, or that some problems remain unanswered for want of time. Whilst this is almost the inevitable result of such questions upon a candidate who fully apprehends the import of the terms of the question, and conscientiously endeavors to find a solution consonant with the data given, the candidate who either does not fully realise them, or wilfully or heedlessly ignores them, can arrive at a solution (?) with the same facility (and as 'literally) as Alexander untied the Gordian knot, and with the calm tees of insensibility or of indifference can pursue the even tenor of his way undisturbed by diequieting thoughts. I believe most reasonable people wUI agree with me that this statement of the effect cf problems of this description-is not overdrawn, and that a persistence in their use is greatly to be depre cated as calculated in the highest degree to frustrate the object sought to be obtained by competitive examinations—it will in short give an advantage to the candidate who per forms bis work more like an automaton than a reasoning being. It is therefore with regret that I see ques tions men as are before described in the papers furnished by the examiners at the fate competition for the University scholar ships. As an example of the style of ques tions first alluded to I may quote the follow ing :—"A tradesman puts on a profit of 23 per cent, on his goods. He sells them and allows 12 per cent, off the bilL What profit dees he make?"' Now I confidently submit that such a question pet as a test of the pro ficiency of candidates between 15 and 18 years of age. presumably the pick of their respestive educational establishments, is simply childish. Asy candidate who could not answer such a question without putting pen to paper should fctacd co chance of success, and the inclusion of such questions in the examination papers of candidates Cor such a reward as a Uni versity scholarship is simply levelling np in ft degree the incapable with the capable. Illustrative of the description of problem last mcnticccd furnished to the candidates pre sumably with a view to test their knowledge snd comprehension of a combination of pro portions and percentages, together with their acquaintance with the meaning of the EDglish lacgnage, take the following :—" I can examine 12 sets of papers if properly arranged in the same time as 7 sets not so arranged. I have examined 49 sets when SO per cent, of the candidates sent up their papers properly arranged. How many could I have examined had they all been so ar ranged ?" Now, if there is any meaning in the English language, this means that the examiner bad operated upon 49 sets of papers, and 49 only. Any one with a very moderate acquaintance with arithmetic on reading through this problem will soon perceive that 20 per cent, of 49 is the key of the position— and as eoon see that there is no iuch thing as 20 per cent, of 49—that by no pcssible combination of numbers can 4U sets of papers be examined in the proportion stated; .that even if the use of fractional parts of sets be allowed, even then the feat cannot be achieved by operating on 49 sets of papers only, or 49 sets be examined. The nearest approach to the terms specified would be tbe examination of 4S sets and portions of 50 seta-. To assert that the examination of 48 sets of papers and portions of two others is the same thing as the examination of 49 sets, especially when the time value of the fractional parts is unknown and unascertain able, forcibly reminds one of the yarn about the captain of the whaler who, being con sulted by one of bis sailors who was slightly indisposed, fonnd'on reference to his book of medical instructions that a teaspoonful of. No. 15 medicine was the right thing to administer. Unfortunately the contents of No. 13 bottle had all been used, but as an equivalent this arithmetical captain adminis tered a teaspoonful out of No. 7 and No. S bottles, with the result that much to his astonishment and dismay the patient died within a quarter of an hoar. The con clusion arrived at by the captain of the whaler may not strike one as being so very e itrordinary, but we scarcely expect such a logical inference from the captain of a whaler at from a professor of what I believe is termed one of the exact sciences. That the value of the fractional parts of the sets of papers under the conditions stated is an un known and unascertainable quantity is easy of proof. For instance, the nearest approach to complying with the terms of the problem would be the examination of 3!) l-sth sets of papers properly arranged, and 0 4-sth sets of capers not properly arranged. Sow, as a tssisof operations, suppose a "set" to con iiist of eiftht papers and each paper to contain te n queetions.and each question to occupy one minute of the examiners'time if the papers ?re properly arranged, as enly seven sets can be examined if not properly arranged in the Fsme time as twelve sets properly arranged, the caee stands thus- Total [Set*. Papers. <{oei=tions. Questions. Minute. 12 :?? b :?? 10 - PGO 030 7 ;?. ti X 10 -' 560 r.ilO Lr s? of time rcrai ioned by n uarraoge mtnt of paptla 400 Consequently there is a loss of 57 l-7tb minutes on each set of papers not properly arranged, or 7 l-7th minutes loss en each paper. As 7 sets of papers not properly anaoged take 960 minutes to examine, 1 set w ill occupy 137 l-7thminutes,and four-fifths of tbat time is 109 5-7tb minutes. To examine four fifths of one of these sets the examiner fess "to traverse G4 out of the 80 questions and tkift 7 out of the 8 papers contained in the tet, consequently losing seven-eighths of 57 l-7th minutes, equal to SO- missies; there fore the Account would stand thus:— ?Minnt*. Time occopied in examining 61 que* liors 6* Lei* rf lime by improper arrangement of paper* 61 To'al ill F?ar-flCtfcs of avenge time as above 103 S-jtks Difference ? £-7tti9 If this is cot sufficient proof of the absurdity of tbe problem any of your readers may work it out for themselves with 4, 5, 6. 7.8,9,11, or 13 papers in a set, and they will find the answer vary with each number. Such being the case, how is it possible to give a definite answer without the knowledge or possibility of ascertaining the number of papers in a act ? Divested of its impossibility and its absurdity this question is almost as easy of solution as the first example mentioned; with it, it is only a fraud, a delusion, and a farce. It bean on the face of it the eamc fraud that chatvn> tericed the statements of Ananias and Sapphire, but more clumsQy executed, from which fact Mark Twain would probably de duce the inference that those practising the art now are less proficient than they were some eighteen or nineteen hundred years%go. It is a delusion and a farce, in that it neither compels strict attention on the part of the student to the terms of the question to enable him to * understand it, for the simple reason that the more attention he pays to them the less likely he is to arrive at a satisfactory conclusion. Neither is it calculated to exercise his perceptive or any other faculty of use* to him in this world or any other place, for the reason that its ten dency is to induce him to ignore that whish the exercise of his faculties convinces him is right acd true. With ordinary care this pro blem might have been put in a manner that would have been a far more severe test of a candidate's capability of understanding the principle involved in it, without the absurdity or impossibility which now characterises it. It is difficult to understand what the object sought to be obtained in putting the question m this form is, unless it be the examiner's de sire to trick a candidate out of his self-pos session, acd send him plodding and possibly blundering through the remainder of his work, haunted and dogged at every step by the unappeascd ghost of 20'per cent, of 49. Pcstibly, however, it may be from want of time on the examiner's part to consider and weigh tbe import of the terms of his own pioblcms, or work them out in harmony therewith; if such be the case it might be advisable for examiners to fall back upon tome of the old, rcadymadc, and approved problems, such as were familiar to us in our vouth, but which, pro bably, are unknown to the rising gene ration of to-day; as for example— *' If the peker, tongs, and fire-shovel cost 7s. tid. what will the coals come to?'' A close and careful attention to the terms of this problem would enable a candidate to arrive at a rational and satisfactory conclusion —which is mere than can be said of the one before quoted. There is one other fact connected with the recent examination for the University scholarships which must commend itself to the understanding of any reasonable person, and cccscquently enables one to bestow a few words of approval upon the course adopted; ar.d it affords great pleasure when you ccrjjcientiously can do so. An intimation was given to the candidates that a viea-roce examination would be held in Greek and German if thought desirable. Now, every body knowsthat classical Greek is the language spoken by the ordinary Greek ot tbe present day; cot so with the German— classical German having about the same re lation to the language of the German of to day as old y.npliali does to modern English. Further, it must be patent to the meanest capacity that the arts, sciences, and literature of tbe present day are enriched by the works acd labors of modern Greek savans and literati in aboct the proportion of !W3 to one of tbe contributions of modern German ditto, ard also that the chances of a student having to exchange ideas with area! live Greek about CS9 to 1 over the chances of doing ditto with a German; therefore it is more desirable that he sbonM speak Greek fluently than German. Consequently a riva rors examination was held in Greek, but not in German; no doubt this is as it should be. There is one other matter to which I would seriously desire to direct the attention of all interested in com petitive examinations, and I do so now with out hesitation, because I have no suspicion or ground for suspicion that any abuse has been perpetrated here, although I believe it has been elsewhere. It is the fact that the papers for such examinations are printed. With the appliances now available for manifold writing and {copying, I think it qnite practicable that the papers containing the questions should not leave tbe examiner's haads until handed by him to the t?nrlinatf? at the time of examination. 