TWO STARBTING. ADVENTURES. Nearlyfortyyeai-su o, I was in the habit. Sduring my schoolbolidays, of spending a long time at certain'intervals with my grand father, who was an eminent surgeon living Sin a small town in Suffolk. I was a great Sfavorite of' his'and consequently began to look on his hopse as 'ort of second home. One day, I regret to say the old gentleman whilst going his round caoght a serere cold, which confined him t6 bed, but from which be anticipated nothing serious. Unfortu. nately, however,'to our.great sorrow, his ill nen proved more idrious than at first ex. pected, andin a- few-days the poor old gentleman was no more. I went from home with my-parent,' a distance of thirty- two mile,"to' attend the funeral. The distance in thoie days being too great to admit of our rtirning the same day, we were com pelled tottaythe night after the funeral at the house:- As thestpace in the house was rather limited, I was asked if I. should be :afraid to sleep in the bed: in which my .grandfather died; an idea which I indig. ..nantly repudiated. It was forthwith ar ranged that I.should pass the night in that ro3m. In justice to those who suggested the idra of my-being afraidL..onght to say that that part of Sffolk was intensely aupersti. tinos, and that, considering~.was onlya -boy fA ~ourteen, my crnsen tiýn t leepin the rorowa,-'nnderftle citrbhbtanese some what courageou.-4-retired to rest at the : sual time.no doubt with my thoughts fall . of stories I had beard.or read about gbosts and ghostly visitants. I trned my atten Stion to the bed on which I was to spend the Sensning hoursaas I fondly, hoped, in sweet oblivion. It was a huge old-fashioned four Sposter, with heavy cartains hung on rings which rattled with every movement of the bed, :ad was at the'time of which I am writing, a highly aristocratic bedstead; bat considering all the attendant circumstances ita fneral appearance was not calculated to inspire my youthful breast with any but the mostndismal sensations. .. - I I undressed and.got into bed, devontly hoping that my slumbers might not be dis tatbed by-the.appearance of any spiritual riitors. Thecurtains.near the head of the Sbedtead being partially 'drawn, by turning my head in ether direction, my gaze rented on them. At that time, there was nothing equiralent tooar-modern night-lights, and Sire for thereflection of the fire in the grate, my room was in darkness. The curtains seemed, to my already hal-terrified fancies, Sto be hiding-places for any numberof ghosts, all ready to confront me, the moment I should be rash enough to throw off my earthly cares and commit myself to the arms of iqrphens. However,- at last fell asleti. My repose was-of a troubled nature. I Sfancied I heard strange noises in the room, bat at anyrate I awoke after being asleep a short time-I suppome about two or threk Soclock in thi morning, fsncying I heard the curtain rings rattling. I thought it must be my agitated state of mind which caused this Sideas. Imagine, then, my'horror and fright when I saw, bythe faintglimmer of the now expiring fire, that the cartain on one side of Sthe bed was being forcibly jerked aside by some unseen hand. I trembled frpm head to foot, and cowered beneath the blankets expecting I hardly knew what. Again and Sagain did-this unseen hand jerk the cnrtain SIt could not hare been a tric of the imagina Stion..:I was unableto cry out even if I had been inclined to do .- At last, after having given about :half-a-doen angry jerk, - in. Seffectaily as regards palling -the cartain aside, I was leftto enjoy such rest as I could reasonabl expect to get before morning. ' Never -was daylight :more eagerly wel. comed by anybody than it was by me that Smorning. iWith the earliest dawn I sprang :oat of bed-feeling braver than I had done a fewhours before-and proceeded firt to dress, and then to examine my room, in order-to asertain if possible by what means my ghostly, risitor had made his entrance \- and exit. The door, being hidden from my view when in bed.by the curtain, presented itself as the -most probable means. I ex. namined-it as well as my agitated state of mind would permit. Nothing, however, ap peared to-ehow-any- eign- of-my visitor's entrance. t .was securely locked, as I left it the night uefo?'-nd there'was no slidmt panel or anything of thesort which could hare -dmilted anybody. . I then i trned towards the window; but that, too, was fastened; and I confess I gave the affair up e incomprehensible. ' : I went down-stairs-more thoroughly im:' presdd. with regard to eerie visitant* than I remember ever to have been before. My preoccupied ait-for 1 was debating whethte or not to mention my adventre--attracted attention, and, drew forth many queations, to all of which I replied with very guarded answers. At'last I told the whole storyj adding that I had never believed, in ghosts before, and should like to find out the truth of this on. : 'My tory seemed to them in credible. But at lasrt, inpite of the solemc proceedingi we had witnesed the day be. fore, a smile broke'overthe face of mi grandmother.:, It.was quickly suppressed and she said: "I thinkilcan explain the myotery, yoUng gentleman; tus come and tr." :. We all,follqwed the. old lady np-stain into the room *heiJ rlad'pssed the night, She wvt t to the id oftthe bed adt pontec to the cirtain rings. We .then saw the ex. planation of the whole matter, which was a followE. l My grandfather was, as'I haii;eiaid, erj celebrated in t lr day, ad cnpqueahtly hba a large practice. His nightibell--in orde not to disturb the other inmates of thehons -was hang in his room close:by his side When the old- gentlemai was taken ill absolute silence was enjoined. ' This bell therefore, was taken down, and .the wir fastened to the curtain ings. :On the nigh in quetion, some. young men, strangers ii the plUhe, san~ consiqutly ignorant of m graadfathers illne?a aad death, were goin home rather noisily at the somewbat earl; hour at which my advetitnte- took placi *Being bent on mischief, they commence palling the night-belt handle, in order, a they. no doubt observed, "to rousc the ol gentleman." .Every pall, therefore, gave corresponding tug at tne curtains; bhence m torror and fright in thinking that some ci earthly visitor was in my room, tryine I pall them aside. Mly mind was set con pletely at rest by. this simple explanation and i went home that day fully cnnvi::ce that there fs a reason to be found, if one wi only try, for the specious ghost stories whic foolish people constantly publish for ti benefit of the ignorant and credulous. My other adrentuae, which happened son yeart befotiethe'one r have Just related, w. noti.o so atartling a natune. At the san .. time, it was calculated, young as I was. : caue me a considerable amount of ne.ue sehs, I wasstaying at the sme house dri, my -grandLrther's lifetime. Being a me , child, I was of course not permit;te to as -np late by my worthy grandmother, wl used to send me to bed about seen o'cloc One nightL had gone to bed in the roolm usually occupied; and on awaking In 1 \- mornaig, I found that everything in t . o hadl clhanoged ! i could not account 1 -it.' I-was not a sleep-walker; but her. : a ensconced in another bed, with i cllte n etly lolded up at thb foot. Itri to run over the events of the preceding day; but'though I remembered everything that had occurred, I could think of nothing which might account for this extraordinary meta. morphosis. When the time came for getting up which I knew by hearing the old clock on the stairs-I rose and dressed. On going out of my room, I preceived that I had been removed in some way daring my sleep. I was quite at a loss to understand how. How. ever, the mystery was soon explained. After I had gone to bed, an old friend of my grand. father's bad arrived unexpectedly with his wife. They had calculated on stoppiag the night, and the only room available for the worthy couple was that in which I was asleep. After much deliberation, it was arranged that I should turn oat, to make room fcr them. On going to my room to awake me, I was found fast asleep. 31y grandmother, a kindly old dame, proposed removing me if possible without awaking me, which was, as she ssid, a pity. Forget. ful, therefore, of the probable consequencn, the old lady took me in her arms, and de. posited me safely inthe bed in which I found myself in the morning. Although this was done with the best intentions, yet it was, I think, a rash proceedin,. as the results in the case of asensitive child might bave been serious. I think that these two adventures serre to show that bOwevcr improbable an erent may be at the time, there is generally an ex planation to be found for it, without ignor. antly and foolishly attributing it to super. natural agency. I consider that the present mania for so doing is calculated to do an im. mense amount of-harm. especially to the young and ignorant.-Chambers' 7ournal. 