RING THE BELLS OF HEAVEN. BY DONALD CAMERON, Ring tlio liolla of Hoaven; tlioro is joy to-day For a soul returning from tlio wild: Soo tlio Father moots liim out upon the way, ; Welcoming his weary oliild I Glory I glory 1 bow tlie Angela sing I ' Glory J glory I how tho loud harps ring | 'Tis tho ranaomod army like a mighty BOB, Pealing forth tho anthom of the free I Tho psyohologioal history o( Axoliie M'Dougall ' lias always appeared to mo intensely interesting, for it must liavo boon that of many a sottlorin Australia-tho working of now conditions and a now codo of morals npon tho Bonl of a man brought iip in tho narrowest of Paritan faiths, that of the Free Olutroh of Sootland, with its terrible creed of future punishment, derived in my opinion from the dark aud droadful roliglons of Soandinavia, whose gloomy forosts and sterile wastes impart to those .who livo in thom their own atom and terrible oharaotor, To man so eduoatod llfo has terrors that never enter into the souls of pooplo horn in tho south, where tho moral oode is more lax, and Toligion as bonefioont as naturo, the offspring of tho warmth and the sunshine, glowing with love and color, That which the southerner will com mit without a thought of evil or a dream of retri bution is, to tho man who has boon roared in the stern creeds o( tlio north, a torriblo Bin to ba oxpiatod in ahoroBftarwhieh even tlio imagination of Italian Danta or English Milton failed to con* coivo, To mon liko Arehio M'DouaaU tho falling away from a atato of graoo ia of all torrora the greatest, and the idea that tho unpardonable Bin which shuts thom out for oyor from Hoavon ia one that haunts them like the shadow of death All their lives. Their iinht against the now conditions of life, tho novel ooilo of morals that exiata in Australia; tlioir relapses, thoir repentance, their agonies would form a theme for the nobloat pons, full as it is of that mighty strain of tragedy whioh has had its host oxnreasion in the raaat works of tho Qrooian tragia poets who wrotn of the various awful opisodes in the house of Atrows, I have often myaolf thought of taking up this groat sub let, and ondoayoring to analyze the workings of such a spirit, bat the magnitude of the task hAs mado ino hositato, Tho episode in the lfe'of this re markable man which this skotoh endeavors to pourtray, though it was tho turning point in his Btrange life, oannot do justice to tho snbjeot, for its limits aro necessarily too olreumsoribod. Arckhie M'Doug&U; oame out to Australia when quito a lad, but he had become thoroughly im bued with tho ipuritanical religion of his parents and tho land In which he was Dorn. Opposed to this Toliaion was tho man's whole n&turo.; which was oasontially southern. Ha was excitable, oaaily led, and fond of ever; ploaBure, Ho bud inherited from his father a temperament and a predisposition that were found to be fatal to his poftoo, His fatlior had been what ho afterwards turood out, a wayward soul, at times ultra Puri tanicnl, than relapsing into a state of portal sin; too ofton a slave of whisky, As it was with his fathor so with Archie; periods of excess were followed by a rigifl walk of life and abjeot repent ance, Year by yoarhis self.oontrol grew less, and his only esoape {rum the terrors of sober reflection was then whisky bottle. There were times when, with a mighty effort ha would oast off the tempter, and Ifafa weuli follow Month) iii a Ul« auetU to a ridiculous degree-the Benuel to wliioh was a wilder burst of oxooaa than before, until at last the man grew to think that he was lost, that God had forsaken him, that lie had committed the un« pardonable sin against the Holy Ghost, A atate of mind more terrible than thin the greatest tragio oot has never conceived, Tragio poets hare con ned themselves to the mere passing Borrows of this earth, but what are these to the horrors that are the lot of a man to whom the world to come is not a shadow but a greater reality than this trans itory existence, Aroiiio bad a vivid imagination, and it was supplemented by his exeossos in liquor, until at last ho imagined ho saw the fiend himself, and was actually on oonversational terms with him. Ordinary people, phlogmatio Englishmen and women, disposed of Arohio'a oooontrioitioB, lus habits of talking to himself and combating foes in visible to other eyas, bat mora roal to him than flash and blood, by setting him down as " half oraoked," This is the way the unimaginative work-a-day people of the world dispose of every thing and everyono they do not understand, and a very ready method, too. Arohie had married shortly after his master's doath, His love, liko everything else in connection with him, was wild and fervent. He courted a neighboring farmor's daughter, and while the hoat of his passion lasted he invested hor with a thousand attributes to whieh poor Flora Fenton had not the slightest title, She was simply a 3uiot kindly little woman, with fair idoas of her utv. and a aood knowledge of the work of a farmer's wile,"no more. It did not take muoh time to disanohant Arahie, Six months after he was married he had di?aoverod his wife to be quite commonplace, and his old temptations reonrred and wore as irrisistible as ever, So, in a moment of bitter ropentanoe he sold out his old selection near the town and took up a new one, twenty miles away. Hero ho would be far from temptation, and be able to rear his family according to uis idoas.' It was a strange andlonely place, yet pioturosquo in tho greatest degree. A great range of porphyry and granite roso abruptly from a silrer stream fringed with pines (called swamp oaks.) A little gully that took its rise near the summit of the rango between the granite and the porphyry oreated a lovely valley embosomed in tho hills. It was here lie placet! his homestead. The vailoy and the frontage to the stream ho selected, the moun tains he took up under pre-emptive ltase, He had thus the oommand of some six or seven thousand acres, and was able to keep about two thousand sheep, whioh were amply sufficient to snpport the family. To a man of quiot tastes, of oontentod mind, Oban Vale would have boon a paradise-to Archie it beoamo an Inferno. His noighbor, John Williams, a stolid Englishman, had settled in a similar valley on the other side of the mountain, and ho lived there an idyllic life, rearing a family of happy children, improving his holding till it became a model homestead, and himself and his wifo becoming the very piotures of health and oomfort. John had no imagination and no violont passions; ho had that Bingulftr power of self' government whioh is BO happy a feature of Eng lish character ; he had no very strong perception of metaphysical sin; and so he lived happy and oontontod, and died without dread of theheroafter, more from lack of feeling and perception than that his life and walk had been according to the gospols, Indeed the good man seldom road anything, not oven tho Bible, and ho was more "A SMALL COLD HAND WAS LAID ON HI8 AND A STBiNGS MOBIO WAS HKARD," interested on his Uenthbed in siring instructions about tlio management ot the sheep and /arm than the ooncornB of liis BOUJ. 111 can't BOO," Baid John Wilson on his deathbed, " that I'TO done anything wrong, I'vo paid my way, done my duty as far as Icould,andilIbave'ntbeen exactly right alyvays I am euro the Good Shophord will overlook it." This man was tlio very anthithesls of Arohio, whoBo mental perceptions were of the keenest, and who lived to a great extent within himself, No man saw his course dearer | no man was less able to follow that course. Archio had throo children. His oldest, a ion, {tartook somewhat of his own nature, but ho in* lorited aufMont of his mother's calm, practical English mind to counterbalance it Bat tnoro was enough of the father in him to make him resent the tyranny of Archie whon in his puritanical moods, and his brutality when under theinfluonce of the evil spirit, alcohol. When Archie was doing wrong he beoamo frantic, and bccauso ho could not punish himBolf he was brutal and cruol to those he loved best. He knew ho was doing wrong, ills heart often bled as he did it, and yet hoporBovored, as if defying tho power which ho so dreaded. At fourteen WUlio ran away from home, and with him the light died out of Oban Vale, It broko his mothor's heart, for mothorlike ail her lovo was contrdd on her only son, From that day the brcaoUbotween herself and her husband was too wido to bo bridged, She loved bim no longer | his prosonce was to her a distroas; and the woman who had always beon so indulgent and good-tompered became frotful and impationt, and ofton bandied words, contemptuous on her part, with her hus band. He soon saw thia, and it wa8 another fillip to throw him into the arms of the onemy, Pooplo who know them began to speak of Oban Vale with a shuddor, and many prediotod the end would bo mnrder and suicide. Arahie had two daughters, Annie and Katie. No two sisters'oould be more anlike, Anijie had maoh ol her father's volatility and ohangeableness; she was light of mind and gay of manner; thoughtless to a serious extent, and very fond of pleasure, though she had few means to obtain it. Yet, under the oiroum stances, aho oould have grown up into a pleasant, light-hearted, companionable wo man. The gloom ol her home waa fraught to her with woeful consequences. Make home bright and oheerful, parents; make it a refuge to which son and daughter will look; and your grey hairs will go down to the grave with honour, and without bitter Borrow. But of all the family Katie; the youngest, ""Woo Katie," ao ahe WB oallod, was the most remarkable. Years havo passed by sinoe that atrange little faoe, in whioh shone a pair ol deep, mysterious, pathetic, blue eyes, waa turned up to mine, but never can I forget its weird influonce, the touobing pathos of tbe unfathomable eyas, that told of early care and sorrow, She was very Bmall, a mere mite. I first met her on tho Oban Bange. I was looking (or oroliids, and other rare plants to bo found among the granite boulders of those desolate mountains, and had just spied a monstrosity in the flower world, with livid purple blossoms resembling the head ol a wrpent, when a (airy loin stepped hem behind a root and pluoked the treasure. When she Baw me, she did not appear a bit afraid; but looked enquiringly at me with those great blue eyes ol hers. This in Itself was unusual, for bush ohlldren develop the instinot of all wild young animals, to hide when a stranger appears. I have seen them soramble from the fields into the hut, like so many rabbits into a waren, the moment I appeared in Bight. But thia little woman was quite fearless, and gave me her hand, BO small and thin and frail, with out a tremor. She sat with me on a log, and told me in an artlesB way. a stranne roinalina o I woman and child, about allher favorite nooks in the mountains, the oool oaves under the granite where the delicate ferna grew, the southern slopes where the quandongs were to be found, tno spots where the best native oherries abounded, and the little dells, whioh,. at the right season, were soarlet with the wild raspberry. She rattled on and spoke, in her way, learnedly of the spring and sum mer flowers, and showed a keen knowledge of native fauna and flora. Nor did she forget to tell me, the dear little thing, that her mother had taught her to read, and that she had read the "Filsrim'a Pronress" and " Bobinson Crusoe," " only," Bhe added," da's not allowed to Bee 'Bobinson Oruaoe,' for he'd burn it. You know," Bho gossipped on, "da's very kind sometimes, but at other times he's awful-that's when ho says tho Devil's in him-and he beats us all, ana turns, us out of the house. We've had to Bleep' under a rook Beveral times. It's not bad in summer, but oh I in winter, when the eold winds blow up from the creek, and the slcot, and the Bnow. falls, or the frost comes, it makes UB all ory, Oh I I wish the Devil was dead, the uslv thins." The oloud soon passed from her faoe, and she broke out into delightful praise of the happy days that occasionally oarae, whon Archie was in a good humor, when the sun shone, and the birds sang, and the flowers bloomed. " But here, I've been yabbering," Bhe said suddenly - the vulgar phrase seemed so piquant from her little lips-" and I'vo for got all about Long Legs and Hoppy," 1 wondered to whom Bhe referred, but I was not long to remain ignorant, for on her giving two or three whistles-how odd the accomplishment seemed in this spiritual orea ture-a tame wallabv popped from behind the rooks, and hopping up to Katie, laid its pretty head in her lap, Presently a ragged oookatoo waddled round anothor rook, nop. ping occasionally, and keeping a oeaaoless chatter of odd phrases, varied by a shriek and an elevation of the orest, when alarmed. In a few minutes oooky was perohed on Katie's shoulder, talking to her in a oooing manner, and now and then letting out a " sorawk" and raising its orest when I made a move ment, while Long Legs, as the wallaby was called, browsed peacefully in front at us, "You know," ohatted the little fairy, now evidently serenely happy, " ita so nioo wh«n father's right and the Devil's away, Have you ever Been the Devil?" I told her I had not, nor desired to, "I wish I oould," said the girl; "I'd tell him how happy we'd be if he'd keep away. Would'nt be DO happier himself? But it's Baid in Revelations the archangel is to bind him for a thousand years-I wish that time was oome. We're all ao miserable when he oomes. Long legs can run away but Hoppy and I oan't. Poor Hoppy, the last time aa was bad he threw her in the fire," "Fire, flra, murder I" shrioked the cooka too, with a final "sorawk" of terror. "But I forgot to tell you," resumed Eatie, "that we've never been real happy sinoo brother Willie Tunned away, He ooulan't Btand father, Only I. knew he was going, But I'll soon see him, Bir, He promised to oome for me as soon as he'll have made a lot of money, and then he'll take me to Sydney where I'll live like a lady, and be happy always, The Devil does not live there; he only stops up here in the bush, in the wild places," Poor child I The Dovil lives in the large oities, only people are too familiar and friendly wltn him there to take notice, "But Willie won't forgot me," resumed Katie, " He promised to sond mo a musio box with the first money ho earns, ono like what Bessio Williams has-you've just to wind it up and it'll play and play so nioo. I'll bring it up here and sit in my oave and Long Legs and Hoppy and I will danoe and sing to it; and Oh f we will be happy," Ever since that meeting I was deeply in terested in this sweetest of all children, Arohie loved her passionately, but, when the evil spirit was upon him, it was the child he loved that suffered most. Strange anomaly; yet, every man of experience must confess its truth, Poor child, the dark days of hor life were closing round her, Archie's mind was really being unhinged from drinking so muoh, and broodinn upon imaRinary wronus. He blamed everyone but himself, though in truth, he vainly attempted to conceal it, it waB hie rage with himself that oxasporated him. Poor Ratio's musio box proved to be the cause of terrible events, It arrived when Archie was in town, and groat was the de> light of the little family, who wore always happy when he was away-this he knew, and it roused him to madness, It was a lovely summer night, the moon was at the full, and flooded the beautiful valley with silver light and pleasant shadow; the wind sang through the swamp oaks that fringed tho pelluoid Btream, a strain, sad, yet sweet. Tno little ""family were gathered in the verandah, look ing out into the garden, whioh was the pride of poor Flora, and listening to the sweet tinkle ol the fairy musio, over whioh Annie vent into raptures, while Kills said nothing, but thought, and thought-oh, auoh delight fully sad thoughts. To Flora, that munlo re called the short summer of her youth, the moonlight evenings when Arohle and herself had wandered over the aid farm. All was gone now I Long Legs jun.ped about, at a loss to understand what it was all about. Hoppy was ailont, but, wide awake. Whether ho was studying the tunes so as to reproduce them, or, was attempting to solve the problem of what was inside the box, has never been determined, Poor bird; he never saw another sunrise, The peaceful scene was disturbed by a loud discordant laugh,and the little party be came dumb when they saw the husband and father in the midst. He had relapsed; the Demon had him in his olutohes. There was an insane light in his eyes that terrified his wife and ohildren. Long legs knew the sound and leaped over the fence, preferring the risk of being killed by dingoes to remaining there. Hoppy gave a shriek and tumbled from Katie's snouidor on to the floor, to aouttle oil to a placoof safaty. The demoniao saw this, he noticed the horror and alarm on overy fnco, the repulsion en the faces of Annie and his wife, and tho passions ot hell were let looso in his heart, With a bound ho sprang forward, and seiiiinp tho poor bird wrung itn neok and threw the body into the garden. A feeble kick or two and Hoppy was no more. " You're all happy," roared tho man, " whon I'm away. You hato me. And I hate you. I'll make you happy." It is not pleasant to dosoribe stones of injustice or violcnoe, the deeds of a madman, of an unhappy being in the terrible state, in whioh Archio' M'Dougall was, Annie, who was very oowardly, lied at the first alarm, and remained all night in a cave on tub mountain. But the " little woman " did not. Though her heart was wrung when her pot was killed she uttered not a sound for (ear of aggravating him to do what he would, she knew, so ter ribly repent. Her mother was not BO wtae. The poor woman's life was so wretohed, all the light had now died out of it, that she was Eorfectly reokless, She opened out upon er husband, and told him what, unhacnily. ho knew too well. Her words, eohoes of the aoeusing spirit within himself, stung him to a stage of madness he had never reached. With a furious blow of his foot he sent tho music box purchased with Willie's first savings as a present to his dearly-beloved sister into the garden; but it kept on playing, emblem of patient virtue that returns good for evil. It was playing a tune that was torture to the ears of this apostate, " Ring tho bells of Heaven," That was one of Katie's favorite hymns, and Willie had purchased the box because it performed that air. The maddened man seized an axe, and was about to split the box into pieces, when Flora seined liia arm. The moonlight faded into the steel gray of dawn, which in its turn yielded to the flood of gold of the sunrise. The golden light shone into Arohie's house that morning upon a scene terribly different to that hia dcolining rays had lighted. Then they irradiated the happy faces of a little group intently listen ing to the musioal box, evory faoe full of quiet happiness, the sceno peacefully sylvan. Now the sun lit up the little sitting room and a dying woman, beside whom knelt a child young in years but old in sorrow. In another room the sunbeams fell upon a man in tho letharaio HICOD of extreme drunkenness -a more lump of animated clay-without sense or feeling. In the garden tho light fell upon the corpse of the little bird, the musio box oloso beside it. Ah me I how many suoh a scene tho sua has shone upon in this our young country, where ovoryone should be bo happy. Annie, returned later in tho day, and the two girls tenderly nursed the dying mother. Annio was for saddling the horse and going at once to the town for help, but Flora M'Dougall would not hear of it. She know aho was dying, and that if a dootor oame Archie would be in danger of the law; and «o with that straiiKe perversity of woman that is so heroio and" yet so incomprehen sible, she resolved to die in silence to seoure his safety. She would not have her ohildren carry a dreadful stain with them into life. What her thoughts were as she lay in that bare room, dying, no one can tell; tlioy wero bitter enough assuredly. In tho afternoon a wild haggard faoc, looked in for a momont, and the girls Bhuddcred. Thon it vanished and Arohie fled to the darkest glens oi the mountains, there to expiate his sin with agonies that no pon can deaaribe, to plead hopelosBly with a God, whose face waB veiled from him-as he thought for ever and ever-and to oombat a Fiend, prosent with him, as he thought, in all the terrors ol bia ghostly form. Archie returned noxt day, a wan, wasted, ghastly figure, that would have almost an swered his own ideas of the Evil Spirit whioh tormented him. Ho looked through the window to the room, Thero was the oorpse of his wife, lying on the sofa, stiff and stark, but with a strangely placid face, a faoe the expression of whioh was relief and resignation. Annie was sobbing in a corner. Katie had drawn a liltlo tablo near tho oorpse and upon this she had placod the musical box, whioh was now playing. Tho little girl was on hor knees singing; ho uould see the tears gliston ing in hor oyes, and siio sang with a voice brokon with sobs, And this is what she sang Homo at last on heavenly mountains. Hoard tho " Como and enter in; " Savod liy life's fair flowing fountains, Saved from earthly taint and slit. Home sweot homo, our homo for ovor, Woary pilgrimngoa past, Welcomod homo to wand»r novor, Saved through JOBUS-Homo at last! Annie tried to follow her slater; but when tho ohorua came hor voice failed. On the oontrary Katie's voioo became stronger, and there was a tone of hope and truat in it,j[a8 she sang Homo sweet homo, our homo for over, Weary pilgrimages pftBt, Wolcomo homo to wander novor, Savod through Josus-"Homo at last!" Tho clear bird like voioo of the child was raised as in a 017 o( triumph when she sang the last threo words, Hell surely oould have no torment equal to what the man felt as he heard and saw all this. He had heard his children sing that hymn in happier hours; ho oould not stand it any longer. He rushed into the room wildly aud, seizing a oase of razors from tho mantle, took out ono and stood over the dead body. "See what you havo dono, ha, ha," he said, addressing that Familiar who was over present to his evos. "Oh you've come, have you? Hal Hal You've come to seo your work, nave you, Well, it will be the last timo, She has gone whero you nor I can ever come, I will go with you. I havo dene enough, Your hell cannot be worse than this." And with a frantic moveraont he grasped the razor. Anothor moment and he would have drawn it across his throat, but that a small cold hand was laid on his and a strange musio was heard-The air had changed. "Fathor," said woo Katie, "father, stop, stop; hoar what tho little box says;- its a voice from heaven I" He listened, his face changed, the razor fell from his hands, the Demon vanished, and tho man sank upon the ground, sobbing pitifully. And what did the box plary? And weo Katio, standing fietween her father and tho dead body of her mother, followed the notes with her clear bird-voice, whioh har monised BO well with tho harp like musio of the instrument and sang tho hymn the errinc man had himself, whon the good spirit had possession, taught her: Ring the bells of Heaven I Tlioro is joy to-dny, For a soul roturning from tho wild ; See | tlio Father meets him out upon the way, Welcoming his weary wandering child. Olory I glory! hotv tho angels si tig I Glory I glory 1 how tho loud harps ring I T'is tho ransomed nrmy like n mighty aes, Pealing forth tho antliom of tho five 1 In tlmt hour perhaps (ho wretched man had a glimpse, transitory it is true, of the brighter side of religion, of that portior whioh haa nothing to do -fith the Bterr faith of the North, born tt the region of thi dismal pine and the everlasting Bnow. But he had yet to go through the fire, there was to be another saorifloo before the pun rose upon hia soul, before Balder the Beautiful banished the infernal Deities of the North. Flora was burled in a little nook between two granite boulders on a small hill that looked down upon the homestead, Arohie, now deeply ponitont, suffering as few men suffer, fenced in the plot of ground; it was the cemotory of his family. In his spare timo he worked apon a flag of granite, which was to aot as headstone. Wee Katie was ever at her mother's grave, She dug up the ground herself-it was loose as granite aoila always are-and planted every flower that grew in the little garden. Common flowers enough they were, but oonseorated by the love and devotion of the dearest of daughters. With her own hands she dug up a young cherry tree, loveliest of the Australian nlna-Mint/sii trees, and transplanted it, plaemg it at the foot of her mother's grave. And strange to say-for the removed-the plant grew, and is now a handsomepine- shaped tree, in whoBeleaves the red berries gleam in the season, and the little birds oliirp, I,t waves over not only Flora, -but-of that hereafter. And under her hands that spot become a bower of beauty, blooming with flowers at all times, and, what was greater, consecrated by the behest of live. It was some time after this sad occurence that I paid another visit to Oban Range.' At the same plaoe where I had seen wee Katie previously, I came across her. .She was sit ting on » mossgrown rook, looking at a small Bilver rill of water that oame out of a fern covered gully, and fell over a gray granite ledge. Orohids and ferns beautified the moss carpeted bank. By her side was the musioal box, tinkling out its melodies, to whioh now and then the girl sang. At my approaoh Hoppy, who had returned home a few days after the tragedy, ran to its mistress' side. She looked up to me as fearlessly and frankly as ever, and now entered into a ohat. " Poor mother was always weak," she said, a deep shadow ooming upon her laee, and she died a little while baok, Oh, sir, she's got suoh a pretty grave, and the little oherrv tree I planted is growing so well. They say onerry trees won't transplant, but mother was so good it oouldn't but grow, and Willie did not for get me, sir,-this is what be promised," " Are you happy now?" I asked; M is your father good?" She did not reply for a minute or two. I saw the shadow deeper on her face. " We are a little happy," she replied at last with a sigh. "Father is very striot. He prays day and night, and hardly eates any thing. He 1b afraid of Gnd. I am not afraid of God. Do you think it is richt to be ?" "If we do "wrong," I replied; but if we repent we are taught He will forgive, and then we should be happy." " But he never is," said wee Katie, " And, oh, sir, he has repented, but be eeems to see i no pardon or help. I can't make it out. I can see nothing in the world but light and love, except when Satan is about. It's him that brings the rain, and the olouds, and the oold winds, and the froBt and the snow. Oh, I wiBh there was no Satan, Why was ho created? " Wiser men than I have been unable to answer that question. Bat I oxplained to Katie that the phenomena Bho pointed out as the wrong of the Power of Evil proceeded from a benefloent God and were necessary to the maintenance of the beauty of the world. Her face brightened "I believe you," she said, "and now I think if olouds, and rain, and thunder, and snow, and frost, are needed to make the world beautilfui, perhaps sorrow and pain, and and oven sin, are needed to make us good. Oh, God ia wise, and we musn't repine, Only, I wish Haonnlfi shh nnnthnr wav." Oh, how many a human heart baa eohoed that wish since the world began, uinco men became as gods, and knew good and evil! Thore was a singular depth ol thought in this f;irl that surprised me. Continually by' herself, without playmates ol her own age, oallcd upon to assume responsibilities before her time, sho was a strango oontrast to other ohildren, What was most striking was the great depth of her religious feelings, and their peculiar characteristics, Her father saw nothing in religion except fear and trembling, and threatening of the judgment to come, Sho porcoived nothing but a God, who was her Father-bottor than her earthly paront indeed-and a Saviour who was a loving Elder Brother, and who had died for her to prove his love. Sin and its shadowB she know not. I know there are those who will scoff at the religion of one BO young; who will say that it would vanish when she grew up, and had to fight the hard and oruel world. Perhaps so I But that does not alter the deep love and respeot I entertained for the artless ohild. God in his wisdom ordained so fair a flower was not to be gathered by rough human hands, She could no more be trans planted into the garden of this world than oan the small white (lowers, that grow on Alpine heights, bo reared in the trim pastures of the lowlands, where the moist, hoi, corrupt air strangles them. I left her, singing to the air " Ring the bells of Heaven," of which she seemed very fond, perhaps because it had arrested her father's Huioidnl hand, and she augured from its. words that one day God would be reconciled with him, and he would join the ransomed. I nover saw her again, and the pioture I looked upon before I turned round the rook that hid her from my view, will never leave my memory until I am dust and ashes. The beautiful child sitting on the gray lichen covered rook, the flower starred moss oarpet on which her feet rested, the tiny silver waterfall, supplying a light bass to tne treble of the girl and the instrument, the bluo sky overhead, fleoked with fleeoy olouds, the kangaroo with its gentle eyea looking up into its mistress's faoe, the hoary granite rock all combined to form a pioture such as could only have been witnessed in Australia, and then but rarelv indeed. Not long after this the clouds gathered round Oban, never to be lilted in this world. For months after his wife's death Arohie lived the life of a recluse, practising every mode of self.punishment. The sternest ascetic would have envied him. He worked hard, he prayed for forgiveness day and night, he inflicted upon himself every penance he could think. After all there is little differ ence between the oliurohes. The grim and austere Puritan is closely relate 1 to the flagellant and the penitent of the Ohuroh of Hume. But do what hn could the cloud never lifted; Heaven never opened to his eyes; it was all darkness, Tne fact is the man outraged his own nature; he went about his work the wrong way. The result was that a terrible despair took possession of him -that despair Bunyan has so graphically described in his narrative of the Man in the Iron Oage-and the gloom of his mind deepened until the day could not be distant when he would take his own life, or once more resort to the treacherous fiend that buoys us up for a moment to oast UB lower the next-tne bottle. In Archie's oase intoxi cating liquor was not taken because he loved it, but that it became a necessity-anything, anything to get rid of the hideous despair nature and his ideas of religion and life nad created. The cause-another offspring of his mis guided efforts at religion-was not long want ing, Arohie and his daughter Annie had never been ablo, as the colonial phrase goes, to " hit it," Their natures were too much unlike for that, She was just what be biro self had been at her age, He would haye no laughter, no rausio, no oompany, With him it must always be groaning and prayers and sad looks. Now Annie wanted exactly the reverse. Thorefore, to escape the intolerable gloom of her home, she proposed when the old man who shopherded for them left, to look aftor the sheep herself, and Arohie agreed. Now John Wilson's eldest son shepherded his father's flook, and of oourse the two met, and a new world opened for the flighty hair i brained girl. Lore was born into her world) j and iu all the thrilling fever of its delights i she forgot the shadows of her home, where i indeed she was only at night, and to esoape 3 MB gloom she always retired early, on tni plea o! being tired. The romanoe oi that love belongs not to this story. It's end may well bo imagined. What must happeu when a boy and girl at tha most impressionable period of their lives are in company day after day without a soul to guide or warn them 7 There could be but one result, and it eame. Flora had died in August, when spring was fluttering its feeble wings, and the wattle? mado the hillsides golden with its glory. The year wore OH and Christmas came round, Shearing had taken place, and for a week three rouah men had «tonnA<1 nt nv.»n Vain to help Archie to clip the sheep. They had flirted in their way with Annie, wondered at the old housewife, Wee Katie, and her strange father. One of them, when spreefag at the Shearer's Arms down the river, said, " That Annie M'Dougall's a pretty girl and up to lots of fun, but no one can make out little Katie. When she wasn't at housework she'd take that rauaiool box of hers up to her mother's grave and sing to it, just as if the dead woman could hear. As for Aruhio M'Dougall, there's no doubt he's oraoked. But it all comes of religion; thank goodness, I never was that way myself." Shearing over, the old life went on. Annie shepherded the flook, Arohie worked like a demon, trying to get rid of the despair that was killing him, but talking as ever to the Unseen Companion that seemed to be continually urging him to do something terrible; ana Katie did the housework. And a notable little housewife she was, though she had little to work upon. Arohie was as parsimonious in his fits of re ligion as ho was prodigal when the Companion claimed him. This made his reliction as dia tasteful to Annio aa his gloom." Well, Christmas came. The previous one bad not been very bright j but then the mother had been with them, and the father had been in the good-natured stage, whioh culminated at New Year in the appearance of the Com panion. But this Christmas Katie thought she would try to brighten up the place, and see if she could not wean her father to look upon the woild as she did, to think oi God as she thought-what better season ? So she cleaned the little house until everything shone again, and she brought down from the granite gorges on Christmas eve afternoon, the most green and graceful of the forns, the prettiest flowors. She went up to the ranges and obtained a branoh of the ohsrrv tT through whose orange-green foliage the dark, red berries showed temptingly, and these she hung up in the corners, and at the door. In deed it was so pretty a plaoc when she had finished, that one could bard!y recognise it. She spread the table daintily, and had quite a lot of delicacies, among which was a quan dong pie, a luxury that no epicure will despise. And bo she waited for her sister and father. Annie was shepherding, and Archie had gone to the neighboriu; township to buy some things. The little Kiel was not without sinkings of the heart a4 she sat in the verandah waiting. Pier father hud seemed unusually stern when ho went away that morning, and she had noticed that fur weeks Annie had been despondent, Willie, too, had never written as he promised. And Katie herself had, uinoe the wintor, been weak and ailing. But the brave little girl never lost heart. She believed firmly in her elder brother, and that all would be well vet. Annie was the first to oomo home. Katie helped her to yard the flock, but oould pot no words from her sister, who was still niuping and despondent. The two girls sat on the verandah, Annie with her (ace in her Imnds, and swaying to and fro. The son set behind the range in all the glory of the primary colors and their conciliations, from gold to orimson, from crimson to purple, and tliun to all the shades of blue that ended in the cold gray of twilight, relieved only by what Katie called the lamps of Heaven, the silvery stars. What a type a sunset is of our cntccr of the various episodes of human life I l''irnl comes the gold of promiHC, of hope, then (lu red and purple of fulfilment, dying, cvun dying, into the cold grays, lifeless, and color leas. Surely in the Land to which wo hasten, the gold, and the orimson, and the purple, never fade I But, if the sun had vanished, leavingbehind him only the drabs and the grays, soon there appeared a greater and sweeter glow in the east, and the moon, tho eternal Queen of Night, glided over the Pinnaolo mountain, and filled the world with light and shadow. Year by year Bhe rises tho same, but she has never lost her oharma, for poets have sung an fervidly about her in this century as did Sappho in Lesbos, To Katie, the moon's risinp was an over living dohght. It was t» her like tho gentle life following tho oareer of glare and greatness in the world of which she had read, but knew nothing. The Land of Beulah surely was lit by the rays of the moon. So when tho graoious luminary appeared, shaming the " dip" that sputtorcd in thu " parlor," Katie brought out her little music bos, and set it playing in the hope it would arouse Annie. It did. The wretched girl burst into a tlood of bittor tears, Her dream wan over; she had tasted the sweets,and was now to gnaw the bittor I T. The gallop of a home sounded in their ears. Their hearts sank ; thoy knew well thou; fathor had gone wrong. When sobor he nevei galloped, Annie olasped Katie hysterically. " Save me, Katie," she cried; " he will kill me. Savo me, little sister 1 Save mo 1" And she olung to Katie as if tho pour frail thing had power over that dark masterful man. Strangeit was that everyone believed in Katie. Archie dismounted, and flung the reiim upon his horse. But he did not at once com .. in. Bo took off the saddlebags, the chink t>< whioh told the girls their wor«t enemy ha I come. Katie caught a glimpse of her dread father' a face in the moonlight. "Fly, Annie, fly," she whispered; Go 10 the old'cave. I'll run up and see you to night." Annie, like all weak natures, always trusted to a stronger. With a bound sho was out of the garden, while Arcbic was taking the saddle oil, and flying for dear 'ife up to tlm rango, Not an instant to soon The next moment Archie's heavy tread was on the verandah. "Where is that wre'.ch?" fie asked the trembling Katie. " Annie," replied Katie, came home, but she ran away when she saw you coming. She seemed in great trouble." " She has saved me a crime" said Arahin, speaking not to Katie, but to that Companion who seemed to^be over near him. " You are disappointed this time, eh ? Ila I ha I But don't fear, it'll come, it'll come. I know ymi only want the soul, and it'll soon be dune. Ha I ha 1" And with a laugh (hat froze Katie's bloo.l, he took tbo saddle bags inside and threw them on the table, disarranging its neat dis play, and breaking some of the scanty orookery, Then he took out a black bottle, and, sitting down, began a solitary carouse. The liitlo girl sat in the deep shadow in the verandah. She had moved out ol the light, for she had no more right there. Kneeling in the oornor she poured out prayer after pr.tyer to the Father and Brother to comn to that miserable home in her dire need. The musi cal box had run down, and there was no Bouod except the ohucklina and laughter and mad talk talk ol Arohie, the olinking of his glass, the hoot o! the mopoke, the wail of the cur lew, and the distant yelp of the dingo. Ho began that dismal night, the forerunner of many more. The girl at last stole out iuio the moonlight and walked to her mother's grave, where she sobbed and wept herself to Bleep, Bui Arohie took no notice, Ilu con versed with that awful Companion, who wnn to him more real than the bemgB of thin world. Such was wee Katie's Christmas Eve I The history of the few next days may be passed over, I or the reader will not euro to hear the details; they are best left un told. Wo must pass on to the final catas trophe, not, however, without some c.M'lan ation o! the causes that led up to these e?eats. i Arohie had gone to thelittlo township ilown > the rivor, and there had met John WiUon. We have given our idea of this man's char i aoter before. He was not a bad maa, but ) uaeailally ul&ib;, Arohie and bt bad hardly met, when ho bluntly told him the truth in re gard to his eldest son Stevo and Annie, Stovo had oonfossed to his father, nnd on tho latter refusing to sanation a marriage o( two such people, ho had run away-John knew not whero, nor, said he, did he oare, The fact is John wanted his son to marry the daughter of a neighbouring settler who was well in, Archie's rage was "terrible, Never had a stigma rested upon his family until now. It seemed his Companion had pre pared this in order lo nervo him to the terrible deed that he daily suggested. And he went home to do that deed. I approach now scenes of an extraordinary and supernatural oharaoter, narrate^ as thoy wore told mo by tho ohief, and I must pre raise I ofTor no explanation. Whether, as tho materialists will hold, Archie's visions woro tho offspring ot a naturally morbid mind, tho morbidity of which was intensified by tho delirium that follows oxcesa, or they woro really visitations from the Dread and Unnccp. Land, I cannot say, But to Archio thoy woro real. Christmas Day openod with a foarful con flict of the elements. Clouds black as Erebus shut out tho sun, lightnings lit up tho gloomy panorama, and torriflo thunders reverberated from peak to peak, and the rain camo down in a dolugo. Arohio awoke to laugh and ges ticulate and drink, Katio, ill and feverish, was to look after the houEo, and to make pre parationa to go out with the Blieep, Hho had gono up to tho eave during the night and loft provisions with Annio, who talked of walking to a distant placc, to which she thought Stovo, her still dear Stove, had Ronn. Six days passed: si* days of storm and rain, during which poor Katio horded tho flock and tended her father. What tho bravo little soul suffered during that I will not distress tho reader by rolating. Annio had gono oil to tho town, and sho was loft alono in this awful solitudo with her half-mad father. Cut throughout that fiery trial thero stood by her One who nover fails those who. trust in Him, Bqt on New Year's Eve Bhe camo homo, how alio know not, tottoring, worn out, and lay down on her oouoh, nover to riso again, Not a drop was wanting to fill tho cup of hor Borrows, Her father had been working at the musical box, and it would not givo forth a note, And as Blie lay on her couch, faint and day.od, she saw that he looked at her in a mannor that was inoro like that of a fiend than a man. Cut nature was exhausted, and sho sank into n heavy sloop, tho precursor of that to which there is no waking. Archio sat and drank, and booamo moro insane every hour, llo know tho torrible hour was approaching, when all would bo over, and ho clouted over it. Tho rain had olearcd away, and tia tlio even ing wore- on the moon rose, and her light streamed into the room, touching lovingly tho fovered faco of tho little girl, almost too beautiful for earth, Tho man's eandlo had gono out, IIo looked at his daughter and shook his head. Opposite to him sat tho Companion, Ho eould not tell what ho was liko; his face olianged so often. Sometimes it appeared that of a youth, but on whose fair fnce was every mark of sin and crime. Again it was a dark and grim oountenance, that of a man in tho prime of his evil days. ]3ut occasionally it was tho faco of death, a grimy skull, from tho oyesookets of which camo a livid blui flamo, that made tho light turn pale. liui in all phases it was horrible; too horriblo for ovon tho imagination of a 131ako or a Dori>. Not unfretjuently it as sumed a likonoss to that of somo of Archio's companions in sin-dead now and damned; and then it was m0T0 terrible than ever. Theso Arcliio would address, and ho would rncoivo replies, heard by nono but himself, but none tho loss roal. Tlio Companion pointed to tho bedroom and Arcliio obeyed, For n timo ho could not sleep. To his sur prise, tho Companion vanished and was not to bo seen. This dreadfully alarmed him; tho perspiration broko out upon him in streams. Tho Bilonco and darkness, and loneliness was terrible. At Inst ho fell into a troublod clumber, such ns alono visit men in his state, It did not last lorn,'. Ho wol<o feeling an unultorahlo horror, wolco to seo a form at his bedsido such as wo should pray never to seo. Tho form of ono from tho grave, loathsome boyond wordB, clothed in a shroud of purplo /lame, all tho passions of tho realm of pain graven upon its dread features. Thon tho man lmcw his hour was come; that at last ho was to receivo his reward and to bo num bered with those who aro lost for ever 1 " Come," said tho Form in a voico that seemed to eomo millions of miles-deep, sfDuloliral, unearthly. A oold hand was laid upon his-a hand tho touch of which sent through hia frnino tho tortures of tho region whence this figure came, To this day tho man shows that hand, now partially paralysed with a livid weal upon its palm, Tho figure led him to tho room wlioro woo Kate lay struggling with tho disease that was so soon to olaim ono of tho fairest flowers of earth-a fata hastened by exposure and anguish of tho past few days. Tho moon beams had crept and now illuminated tho sweet little faoo, now aa palo as the snow ilowor, now Jlushed and pink, Tho littlo breast heaved rapidly, tho broath camo and wont in llickors. On a littlo tablo by tho eouoh was placed her musical box; dumb wlion its owner wished HO muoh to hear its liny but beloved voice, But thoro woro moro tlinn tho threg in that room. The awostruok man now face to face with tlio door that his Companion had pro. forrod, saw tlio placo was full of companies, Tho dead wero thoro orowding oaoli other, mooting, moving, grinning, orowding around tho littlo sleepor, Forma wero there wliioh bolonged not to this earth nor to tho land of ghosts i fionda from tho doptha of perdition i:omo to aeo tho final act in tho tragody that was to givo thorn a brother. It aoemed to him tho figure guided lib hands to tho box containing tlio razor, oponed it, and placed the implement in his hands. Its atcel blade glittered with a horriblo blue in tho moonlight. Then tho figuro spoko to him in that voico from tho grave, and told him how good it was, how well designed. IIo would torminato in one moment his life, and that of tho child ho loved so doarly. Tho world would hoar of tho deed, and hia revenge bo complete. To their dying day it would uo a roproaoh to Annio and tho Wilsons, And when tho deed waa ovor, all would bo peace, poaco for ovormoro, tho poace and silonoo of tho cravo 1 IIow tho gliosis and their dread coinnuloa laughed, And yet ho approaohed tho couch. Ho stooped down and looked nt tho thin wasted form of tho ohild ho loved BO woll; ho examined tho fair young nook, And then " Father, father," said woo Katio, raising horsolf up and throwing her arms around his nook, "All iswoll now. Ilmvo no fear, I know you will yot bo happy. Tho angola hnvo boon with mo to-night, and mothor, dear mother, has been hero. And thoy sang to mo, oh, so sweotly, hotter than my poor box, my poor dumb box. Father, promiso mo when I nra gone to trust in tho dear God who has boon so good to mo, who loves you so muoli, and who died for you, Oh, lather, ho is not tho awful God you think. Ho is all lovo and forgivenoss, Boliovo in Him, father, believe in Him. as I do I " What sound was this? Thorazor dropping on tho floor, tho man's kncea aa he knolt down by tho couoii. What change was this coming ? Wore hia oyea deooiving lnra ? Tho horriblo shadows o! tho night vanished, and in tlioir plaoo appoftred some beautiful and gracious forma, olad in robes of light. Every moon beam had its bright vision, beaming with heavenly love upon the wretched sinner. "Katio, Katie,"he oried; "Theroisaohange, The atone Booma to have fallen out of my heart, tho shadow ia lifted off my soul, And yot but a fow momonts sinoo"-hero ho ahudderod-" I was in hall, in the midst of tho spirits of the devil and damned," " God has hoard me, father, that is all," said tbo child in roply, lie moved J;o get nearor to tho oouoh, As ho did so his foot struck against tho tnblo, it swayed, and tho little box foil on to tho ground. What was tho causo I know not; but ho fall must have started tho machinery, for it at onoa oommenced to play, its dear, silvery notes ringing through the ohamber. " Thoro it is father," tho ohild oried in eoataoy, " tho voioo from Heaven, Don't you hear it father ?" Ring tholicllBolHoavon, thoro ia joy to-day) For a soul returning from tho wild! Sco tlia Father moots liim out upon tho way, Welcoming liis weary, wandorlng child ! Glory t Glory! how tho angols sing, Glory! Glory I how tho loud harps ring? 'Tia tho ransomed army like a mighty aoa, Poallng forth tho antliom of tho Froo! Yesl lling the Bolls of Heaven 1 lor the long dark nosB is over, the father has returned to lite and light, the daughtor is about to enter whero is neither sorrow nor pain nor wear* ness nor tears, lling the Bells of Heaven I Bing out the poal of the spirits born again, in this world aua in that whlah is to oome. People oarao in and stood around tho bod but tho father notieod them not; tho repent ant Annie, whoso lover had mot her, tho dear boy Willie, who had roturned with thom to soe his little sistor, For a time sho rallied, clasping tho hands of her dear brother, her restored father, But when his gift oame to that air whioh it had played tho night her mothor died, tho Mossengor appeared, the wings of tho Angels nestled in the room, " Sho is hero," said woe Katie, looking up wands, at a moonbeam that lovingly rested upon tho musioal box, " I hear her, I hoar her. Ah I there it is " Homo, swoot homo, our homo for ovor, ?\Venry pUgrimnRes past, « Wolcomeu homo to wniider novor, Havod tlirouRli Josiifi-llonio at Inst, 