The Haunted and The Haunlers Olt, HOUSE AND THE BRAIN. " Honoubkd SIR,- I liumbly entreat your pardon, though I can scarcely hope that you will think I deserve it, unless-which Heaven forbid J-you saw what I did. I feel that it will be years before I can recover myself; and as to being lit for service, it is out of the question. I am therefore going to my brother-in-law at Melbourne. Thoship sails to-morrow- Perhaps the long voyage may set mo up. I do nothing now but start and j tremble, and fancy it is behind me. I humbly beg you, honoured sir, to order my clothes, and whatever wages are due to mo, to bo sent to my mother's, at Walworth, John knows her address." 'i'bo lottor onded with additional apologies, somewhat incoherent, and explanatory details as to effects that had been under the writer's charge. _ This fight may perhaps warrant a sus picion that the man wished to go to Austra lia', and had boon somohow or other fraudulently mixed up with the events of tho night. I say nothing in refutation of that conjecture; rather, I suggest it as ono that would seem to many porsons tho most pro bablo solution of improbable occurrences. My own.thoory remained unshaken. I re turned in tho evening to tho house, to bring away in a hack cab the things I had loft there, with my poor dog's body. In this task I was not disturbed, fnor did any incident worth note bofall me, oxcept that .. still; on ascending and deccnding the stairs, I heard tho same footfall in advauce. On leaving tho house, I went to Mr. J 's. He was at homo. I returned him the keys, told him that my curiosity was sufficiently gratified, and was about' to relate quickly what had passod, when ho stopped ino, and said, though with much politonoss, that ho had no longer any interest in niystory which nono had over solved. I determined at least to tell him of tho two lettors I had read, as well as of tho extraordiiiai'y manner in which they had disappeared, and|I then inquired if lie though thoy had boon addrossod to tho woman who had diorl in tho house, and if thoro wore any thing fin hor early history which could possibly confirm tho dark suspicions to which tho lettors gave riso. Mr. J- soomod startled, and, al'fcor musing a fow momonts, answorod, " I am but littlo acquainted with tho woman's earlier history, cxcopt, as I before told you, that hor family woro known to mtno. But you rovivo soino vaguo re miniscences to her projudico. I will mako inquiries, and inform you of their rosult. Htill, oven if we could' admit tho popular suporstition that a porson who had been oithor tho perpetrator or tho victim of dark crimes in; life could revisit, as a rostloss spirit, the sceno in which thoso crimes had boon committed, I should observe that tho houso was infested by strango sights and sounds boforo the 'old woman died-you smilo-what would you say ?" " I would say this, that I am convinced, if wo could got to tho bottom of thoso myatorios/ we should find a living human agency." " What I you boliovo it is all an imposture? for what object ?" " Not an'imposturo in tho ordinary sonso of tho word. If suddoiily I woro to sink into a doop sloop, fronvwiiioh you could not awalco nioj but in that sloop could answor quostions with an accuracy which I could »ofc protend to whon awake-toll you what money yon had in your pockot-nay, doscribo your'vory thoughts-rit Is not nocossarily an nuposturo, any moro than it is nooossai'ily supernatural. I should bo, unconsciously to mysolf, under a mosmoric infhionoo, 0011 voyod to me from a distance by a human being-who had acquired power ovor mo by previous r/tp/wrt," " Granting mesniorism, so far carriod, to bo a fact, you aro right. And you would inftr from this that a mosmorisor'mightpro dtico. tho oxtraodinary offocts you and othors have witnosaod ovor inanimate objocts-fill tho aiv with sights and sounds ?" " Or impress our sonsos with tho belief in thbm-we novor having been en ra/i/wrt with tho porson acting on us? No. What is commonly oallod mosmorism could not do tins j but thoro may bo a powor akin to mos morism. and superior to it-tho powor that 111 tho old days was callod Magic. That such a powor may oxtoud to all inanimato objocts of matter, I do not say; but if so, it would not bo against naturo, only a raro power in natui'o which might be givon to constitutions with cortaiuljoculiaritios, and cultivated by practise to an extraordinary degree. That such a power might bxtond ovor tho doad that is,' over certain thoughts and memories that tho dead may still' rotain-and compel, not that which ought proporly to bo called llio feour;, and which is far boyond human roach, but rathor a phantom of what has boon most earth-stained on oarth, to mako itsolf apparent ? to our senses-is a vorv aiioiont though obsoloto theory, upon which 1 will-haiiafd no opinion. BiU|I do not 0011 coivo tho powor would bo supernatural. tot me illustrate what I mean' from ah oxpori mont which Paraoolsus' doscribos as not dullcult, aud whioh tlici author of tho Cuvi omties of Lite,vftiro cites as crodiblo A flowor porishos; you .burn it. Whatever wore tho olemonto of that flowor whilo it lived are gono, disporsod, you know not wlnthor; you can novor discovor nor rri liolloot thorn. But you can, by chomistry, out of the burnt dust of the flowor, raino ' a spootrum of tho flower, just us it sooinod in hio. It my be tho same with tho human boing. Tlioi soul has as much escaped you as' tho ossonco or olomonls of tlio flowor, HUH you may make a spoctrum of it. And tins phantom, though in tho popular supor stition it is held to bo tho s<mf of tho do partod, must not bo confoundod with tlio truo soul; it is but tho oidolou of tlio doad form. Honeo, like tho bost-attostod storios of ghosts or spirits, tlio thing that most HU'ikoB us is tho absoneo of what wo hold to bo soul; that is, of superior emancipated mlolligonco. Thoy 0011*0 for littlo or no objoct-thoy seldom spoak, if thoy do coiuo ; thoy uttor 110 ideas abovo that ql' tin ordinary liei'Hon on earth. Amorican sjiirit-soors liavo liubhuhqd volmnufl of communications in proao and verso, which thoy assort to bo rfiven in names of the most illustrious aeatl -Shakespeare, Bacon-heaven _ knows whom. Those communications, taking tlio best, arc certainly not a whit of higher order than wonld bo bo communications from living persons of fair talent and education ; they are wondronsly inferior to what Bacon. S&liliGspGfivCi; and Pluto Sfudiuul wi'oto when Oil earth . Nor, what is moro notablo, do thoy evor contain an idea that was not on tlio earth boforo. Wonderful, therefore, as such yhonomona may bo (granting them to bo truthful), I seo much that philosophy may dony-viz., nothing supernatural. Thoy are but ideas convoyed somehow or otlior (wo liavo not yet discovered the moans) from one mortal brain to anothor. Whether, in so doing, tables walk of their own accord, or a Thing of Parknosss, sncli as prosonted itsolf to me, froozo our blood still am I persuaded that thoso aro but agencies con voyed, as by cloctric wires, to my own bnan from the brian of another. In somo con stitutions there is a natural chemistry, and those may produce chomio wonders-111 others a natural lluid, call it electricity, and thoso produco electric wonders. But they differ in this from Normal Scienco-thoy are alike objectless, purposeless, puerile, frivol ous. Thoy lead on to 110 grand rosults ; and thorofore tlio world doos not heed, and truo sagos liavo not cultivated them. But sure I am, tliat of all I saw or heard, a man, human as myself, was tho romoto originator; and I boliovo unconsciously to himself as to tlio exact ollbcts produced, for this reason : 110 two persons you say, have evor told you that thoy experienced oxactly tlio samo tiling. Well, observe, 110 two parsons over experienced the samo droain. If this wore an ordinary imposture, tho machinory would be arranged for results that would bnt littlo vary ; if it were a supernatural agoncy por ! mitted by tho Almighty, it would suroly bo for some definite end. These phenomena bolong to neither class ; my porsuasion is, 1 that they originalo in somo brain now_ far distant; that that briau had no distinct volition in anything that occurred ; that what doos occur reflects but its dovious, motloy, ovor shifting,'half- formed thoughts; mshort, that it lias boon but tlio droams of such a brain put into action and invested_ with _a semi substanco. That this brain is of immonso power, that it can set matter into movomont, that it is malignant and dosfcructivo, I bolievo: somo material force must have killod my dog ; it might, for aught I know, have sufficed to kill myself, had I boon as subjugated by torior as tho dog-'had my intellect or my spirit givon mo 110 counter vailing resistanco in my will." 14 It killod your dog! that is foarful 1 indeod it is striiuge that 110 animal can bo induced to stay in that liouso ; not oven a cat. Bats and mic'o aro novor found in it." " Tho instincts of tho bruto croation detect inllnoncos deadly to thoir oxistonco. Man's roason lias a sonso loss subtlo, bocauso it has 1 a resisting power more . supremo, lint enough : do you oomprohond my theory ?" " Yes, though iinporfoctly-and I accopb any ovotohot (pardon tlio wordly however oclcl, rathor than ombrace at onco tho notion of ghosts and hobgoblins wo imbibod in our nursorios. Still to my unfortunate house tho evil is tlio samo. What on oarth can I do with tho liouso?" ' " I will toll you what I would do. I am convinood from my own internal foolings that tho small unfurnished .room at right ! angles to tho door of tlio bedroom which I occnpiod, firms a starting-point or roooptablo for the influonces which haunt tlio house ; and I strongly advise you to have tho walls opened, tho Uoor removed-nay, tlio whole room pulled dowii; I observo that it is_ de tached from the body of tlio house, built over tho small back-yard, and could bo _ removed without injury to the roafc of tho building." " And yon think, if I. did that-" «' You would cut off tho tolograph wires. Try it. I am so yersuadod that I am right, that I will pay hall' tho oxpenso if you will allow rao to direct tho oporations;" " Nay, I am well ablo to afford the cost; for tlio rest, allow 1110 to write to you." About ton dayy afterwards I rooolved a a lottor from Mr. J--:-, tolling mo that lio had visited tho liouso sinoo I had seen liim ; that ho, had found the two letters I had described; tliat ho had road them with misgivings liko my own ; that I10 had instituted a cautious inquiry about tho 1 woman to whom I rightly oonjooturod thoy had boon written. It soomed that thirty-six yoars ago (a yoar boforo tho. date of tlio 1 loiters) she had married, against tho wish of her relatives, &n; American of very suspicious characterin fact, ho was gonorally boliovod to havo'bbon a piralio. Sho hersolf was tho | daughtor .of vory respoctablo tradospooplo, and had sorvod in tlio capacity of a nursery governess .boforo hor nwryiivgo* Sho had a | brother, a widower, who was considered i wealthy, aiid who had one child about six oars old. A mbnth'aftor tlio marriage, tho ody of this brother wa9 fouud, in tlio Thames, hoar London Bridge ; there soomed some marks of yiolonoo about liis throat, but thoy word not "dooihod siililoiont to warl-ant tlio inqiiest in any .other vordtot than tliat of " found drowned." ..... r ;Tho American and his wifo took chai'go of tho littlo boy, tlio docoasod brolhor having by liis will loft his sister .tho guardian of his only child- and in. oyont of tho child's doath tho sister inherited, Tho child diod about six months afterwards-it was supposed to liavo boon' neglected and ilhtveatod. ; Tho neighbours dopouod to l»avo hoard it shriolc at night, Tho surgeon who had oxamiuod it ai'tor death', said that it was omaciatod as if from want of nourishment, and tho body was covorod with livid, bruises. It suumod tliat 0110 wintor night tho child had sought to osoapo--crept out into tho backyard ti'iod to scale tho wall-fallen back exhausted aud boing fouud at morning on tho stonos in a dying stato. But though thoro was somo ovidonco ofcruolty, thoro was nnno of murder; and tho aunt and hor husband had sought to palliato cruolty by allowing tho oxcoodmg stubbornness and porvoraity of tho child, who was declared to bo l»nlf-wittod. Ho Unit iy» it may,- at tl\o orphan's ilotitli tlio qmnt inhoritodhoi' brothers fortune, Boforo tho first wedded year was out, tho American quitted Jingland abruptly, and never ro iurned to it. lie obtained a cruising vossol, which was lost in tho Atlantic two years afterwards. The widow was left in affluence; but reverses of various kinds had befallen her: a bank broke-an investment failed sho went into a small businoss antl became insolvent-thon sho entered into service, sinking lower and lower, from housokcepor down to maid-of-all-work-never long re taining a place, though nothing peculiar against her character was over alleged.- Sho was considered sober, honest, and peculiarly quiet in her ways ; still nothing prospered with her. And so sho lmd dropped into the workhouse, from which Mr, J--had takeu her, to bo placed in chargo of tho vory house which she had rented as mistress in tho first year of her wedded life. (To be continued.) 