PICTURES OF TRAVEL. Upon the edge of a forest (Mont morency) a brother journalist has bought a small domain, including a corner of the wood itself, thick with chesnut and walnut trees, populous with squirrels, and resonant during the early. summer with the song of the nightingales, where he and his ac complished wife grow their own fruit and vegetables, and contribute to the journals and magazines of London and New York articles and correspon dence in which one may detect a good deal of the freshness and brightness of the scenery amongst which they are written. St. Prix, the town in which they reside, is a type of most places of the kind in France. Half the inhabi tants are related by marriage to the other half, and have strong local at tachments. It contains a couple of handsome chateaux, each surrounded by a little pleasaunce; and most of the population belong to the bour geoisie. They are poor to look at, and shabbily dressed; but you must not judge by appearances in France. The old woman who sits spinning in the sun at the door of the small shop, dignified by the title of Mercerie et 2ouennerie, which Iheans that she sells balls of cotton and worsted, and has a small quantity of blue jean and coarse calico and thick worsted hose in stock, could produce, if need be, quite a largo sum in napoleons or five-franc pieces, or their equivalent in the actions of some puplic company. For the practice of hoarding is not so universal as it used to be, in this part of the world. The country people are not less industrious or frugal than they formerly were; but they are a little more enlightened. They have learned that money can be made to "breed," as Shylock says, like sheep and oxen; and the capital of some of the largest undertakings, of a repro ductive character, in France and else where is supplied by innumerable con tributions from the classes which con stitute the real backbone of their nation. Their industry is pertinacious and untiring, and their thrift has be come a part of their nature. While the Parisian ouerier is engaged in "knocking down" a considerable portion of his earnings in a cafe, estaminet, theatre, or concertroom, the artisan, the peasant farmer, and the small shopkeeper in the rural districts are at work from daylight to dark. I have seen husbandmon ploughing in the last hours of the long summer twlight, and they scruti nise the expenditure of every sou. It is the business of their lives, and the inherited traditions of their race, to "shun delights and live laborious days." Their fare is simple, and their sleep is sound. Their little patrimony suffices for all their wants, and pro duces within the narrow compass of two, three, four, or five acres, every thing they require. It is too limited in extent and too precious in pro ductiveness to be wasted in hedgerows. These are very 'picturesque ; but Jaques Bonhommo is intensely prac tical. He has.never heard of Jeremy Bentham; but he is a zealous utili tarian. Owning a small property him self, he exhibits a great respect for the property of others; and you may pass along a country road fringed with raspberry bushes and strawberry beds, vines in full bearing, and apple and pear trees with plenty of attractive looking windfalls lying underneath them, and with not so much as the ghost of a fence to hinder the entry of a pilferer, but the fruit is sacred. On the imperial of the omnibus, which takes you fiom Ermon to St. Prix, the passengers have only to stretch forth their hands in order to pluck the ruddy pippins which overhang the road, but nobody touches them. Pere Dautard, who owns and drives the vehicles, is a very ordinary man to look at, with a rough-beaten face, large coarse hands, a provincial accent, and shabby clothes. If you were to "tip" him 10 or 20 centimes, in addition to his fare, he would touch his hat and exclaim, "AMerci, bien," with some thing like effusiveness. But Pore Dantard is rich, and is the founder of a dynasty of Dantards in St Prix. One son is the landlord' of the aubergo, Au Coche Fidele; another is a thriv ing shopkeeper and a third is also flourishing in the same place. A short time ago his daughter was married, and he gave hera dot of 75,000 francs (£3,000) ! To look at him, you wouldn't suppose him to be worth as many shillings. The Maire of St. Prix has filled the office for 20 years, and a good many of the houses in the place look as if they had never been painted or whitewash~d since he came into office. There is an ancient stone cross in the centrbf tbhlittle place which has witnessed the fall of monar chies and empires, and republics in France, and has survived all the vicLs situdes of iinstitutions that seemed imperishable; and my host and hostess sit down upon its pedestal, while Pere Dantard is putting the horses in the omnibus, and talk of England and Australia and of old friends in both, until thequaint old 'French town seems to fade away and tobe replaced by other and more distant scenes, and until the signal for departure is given and the time'arrives to say "'good p.ight.'. . 