BORDER ECHOES. Oh a Sunday night' recently,' eomowhorG -nbont IX o'clock, two of tho odcersof tho law BtatlonoJ at Corowa discovered that tho lamp.of & hotol-keoper, whoso houso is Bituatcd In a portion of tho town which gets , its fair Bhnro.of wind nnd a little more, had gone out.. Thoy knocked loudly at tho hotcl-kccper'o door, and that gentle man opened it, ovidontly in a great hurry, for ho had nothing but his nightshirt on. Tho constables pointed to tho lamp, and tho hotel-keeper got a ladder and n box of matches; and tried.to re-light it, whilo tho wind put each successive match out that ho llt.andplayodnHBortsoffantaiitiotrickBwith hiB nightshirt. The -constables watched tho porformanco with interest; and when all tho hotol-keopor's- patience was . ex hausted and alinpst' all of ;his matches, tho wind, probnbly taking pity on . him, coasod for a moment, and tho lamp was re-lit, Tho hotol-kooper .wont book to bed with tho Bwcot assurance resting upon his mind that hoihad dona his duty, nnd wondering whother or .nqt ha .bad caught ; cold. It must bo very pleasant for our hotel-koepers . to reflect, whon lying snugly in bed, that, any moment, they, ,mqy. bo called upon to ro-light their lampB... A gentleman oho attended Mrs. East- wiok's beupflt concert last Wednesday week remal(ttd j a, friend tho following ' day, with a number of , mysterious winks and node, that ho did not. sen. the drawing for tho piano, inferring thereby, a great deal. " Oh, of course, you didn't oeo it," replied tho friond, " .it dook, place. , during tho interval. 'I ..Tho gontiemaD referred to al ways takes 9 walk -during ; tho ; interval— nover mind where.. .; OqiHondpy. lnst,,undor the .heading: of. , " Tutors, Governesees, 1 and . Clerks," the following, advertisement ..appeared 5n tho Argus " Wanted, by ..coiupotont young man, situation. »a Barman, Boots, Night f ortdc or Billiard-marker. ' , Best of refer ences." Country/no objection. Address, oeropb, Arpus. uutce. imncy a barman, hootsi'bight porter or hilliard-mnkdr calling himself a "sorhph," tho highest pf , tho angels;'. What a wonder he must bo. "How tho smell of Beer or whisky lhust ofTond; and iho 'language of a hillinrd-robm dis gust htm" No doubt; ho would, not ovdn grumble "when there were a doion oxtrd' pairrof boots to clean with an extra post- ing of miid upon them. The writer knows more than quo1 boots and billiard-marker hut tlioy Ore hot e'eraphs by any means ; in fnot,:don|t blalth to be. They can grumble qb much "hs' ordinary individuals, and' a little mrirci. It is pleasant to reflect, haw- ever,' there is one " Seraph " amongst tbem." No doubt , hb' makes :np for tho rest.:'',"' . ; Tho following items havo been forwarded to m'p wilU ..tho request that they should appear under the head of 'Eohoes" Tb'q 'reccnt trouble over the Irish in- how Booh wo turn, bur books' on , old asso ciations'.., ,, Tho old iitory, Friends of slrng. gling,djiya dropoutof our ken in mora prosperous, limes.. short .wklle sinoo, and wo wore hll conviifts now. Wo don't know 'em. In. this connection,. surely, the evils , from reooiylng a few visitors, pent out for. their .crjuntry'ii good, , nro over-estimated. Horo ujo .aro, a. poopla. with'.a. wholesomo four 'of the lnw—ns woll wo ; might, for 1 moBfc ofun havo beon' "at law", n few times— ancVwo wpuld " take np ". tho con victs as ' mercury does gold, and — and teaoh,.;tbem tp imprpvo its wo havo ilono.. Then, Quart eos rcpellimus P . .. : .. ; Ih ''.thb1. works -ot tho Arehpriest of Spirf.qqlism ifp read of tho .dioombodied ohantlng'jthq .responses at ..divine service, Ilothinks 'twerp well to eneourago thoso spirits— babblcn of. air — for-a siiort whilo henoo, and, thoy,'l| have to do-all, tho .re sponses iti church; Ghosts of eeelosiaslibnil glory'dbpartpd! t , In rofercniib.'tb thd repudiation' of of our accused 'eitisens itt the' meeting tho' otlior day; wo feel that every honest' opinion, of o 'limn ia met by tbo charge, "Havo 'you nn axa to grind?" When wo wero nt 1 collegp, . too — ali, wo novor touohed it. then— bur president used to givo us threil' lectures !a woek oh tho ill- etfeots of using too much soap on our skin. .'Twas /iis finances ho feared. ' ... " Wisp men' ' lilobih uriso'en, and get ho dessert hut'tho fragrant air." Wo .know . '. one. .. Professor Popper, it is woll1' known, nearly made rain ; and this how " flower that hloomotii " obscurely can stop floods. His plan is to congeal tho river in flood time by tno.inb of hi vast froozing macliino. Allico, no.flb'od. ' A Tow howling idiots mods, 'an uncnrtiily noise at tlio" football inatch on' Saturday. Soma ono plnggc'd thoir mouths up with raw bcof. Thoy howled no inbro. T'bnt deserves a patent for silencing this opccies' ".V".'." I'IDELIS. . Pboposed IIowlono ' BitmnB. — Tho Howlong Bridge Coiiimitteo havo received a letter from tho Cliiltorn. Shiro: Council n'sklng tlioin .to urge upon tho Now -South Wales -Government the necessity of pro- ' seeding with: tho construction of tlio bndgo as tlio wliolu of tho Murrny being within Now,,, South. M alos.. territory., tlio, ...duty, devolves upon that Government to con struct bub. It .is also stated that a com munication lma been received from tlio Victorian Government to the elfent that thoy are prepared to pay half tlio uuot' 1 ' ' 