! of ' -Prisons for 1882:; ,'aUlibngh dated July 17, has only ' just bsen printed;, : 'At ',the time it w'ae tabledin hoth Houses of Parliament we published a synopsis: of its contents, and fvoj now take.tne opportunity or its generai:circn- lation to offer some comments upon' it. The Comptroller-General, we notice, deprecates, airy .public criticism upon the mirinsr, in which onr prisons are managed, " becanae of the onrsory consideration which writers upon the subject, give it." This is all very well' from the Comptroller-Gene- : ral's ..point of view, brit be must -not be surprised if those;. who, 'as condnotors of pnblio .journals,!' have the 'pnblio inter- ' esta at : heart, . shonlid, endeavour ,Xo ,d iscoyer ' whether onr prison system - is meeting ;.the objects for which it is intended, and in doing this - tbey moBt natnrally look to the in formation ' furnished by the Comptroller-" General -as 'the source from whence their ' conclusions may be derived. W e must con- fe6si hdwever,: tbat'a; careful pernsal; of the report, under " notice fails to afford any '. proof that , the' 'system' 'now pnrsued in; the! prisons of New , Sonth /Wales; has aproper effact in, -checking crime or in effeoting any reform in those who .come under its adminis tration./ There is, now being pnblished in . the , Sy'driii/ .-Daily Telegraph, a-: series "of " well, apd temperately written articles on 'The . "j Prison . System of New South Wales," by an '/Ex-prisoner," and - from these, as evi dence arising from another diieotlon than that famished by' the Qomptroller-General, we arrive at the conclusion that onr system, carried on as it is at/present, cannot avoid being a failnre, either."in;leaaening crime or reforming criminals., i The report ia more volnminons than those roj former 'years, and -admits .that certain important, factors are essential to a satisfac tory issuer" The Comptroller-General theore- "tically recogniBSB- the necesaitr of separation, , classification, and a complete system of lqboar-as essential to -reformatory resnlts ; those very important factors' are completely ignored in the system which prevails- in onr ppsone, and which he claims to be responsible "for since 1867. ' He says, in one. part of the : -report : — " The question of ,< accommodation '"j brings hoc to that of separation/' whiob, as ,"i opposed to association, lies at the root of ai "jBystem of prison discipline, compassing its "jpriinaryobjeotof deterring from crime, and its "| secondary object of reforming; the criminal." And ' again " Any system of" classification 1 "! shonld'enable; the, anthoritiesSto place in "j different shops, !yards, .' wings, -aind, if pos-: sible,' ' 'different priBons, tbe habitual, "jcasnal, and the major: and .minor of- fenders, &o.;" Mr. Maolean has been at the bead- of: the Prison Department, for ;a number of years, and if be recognises the elements of separation and classification .ae so essential to a proper system of prison discipiine, how is it that daring that long period no each classification has ever been carried ont? And. if daring hiB visit to Earope 13 years ago he became (as the report tells ns) impressed with those views, why is it that they have . been bo long in cpming to maturity ? It does not appear \- from the state of things known to exist in .onr gaols, as to the promisaaouB herding together of all classes of .offenders, that Mr. Maclean tbinks it necessary, to do more than 'theorise ; otherwise. we shoold. have not now to deplore tbo contaminating infinence of- gaol asaocia- ' tion, wbioh is the ' primary canse of bo many re-convictions. j Mr. Maclean farther propounds ; the follow- 1 ing theory : — "That prisoners may be-asso- " oiated at labour with comparatively .little - '! propagation of criminal - propensities," and asserts." that, .there can be no question bat-, " that plnral cellnlar oconpation is tbe'hotbed ; " of crime extension, &c.;". It is well known ' to all persons who have informed tliemselve's on the subjeot, that by assooiation with prisoners at labour, the facilities for " propa- '! gating criminal propensities" are far greater than in cellnlar association. ' In the latter' case a prisoner can only be infinenced in a modified degree by one or two associates, < wbereaB in associated labour be. comes -in. contact with soores — nay, with hundreds — -of nthers. and tha nnnversatinn -'aTiri irienn nnt forth among snob a multitude of counsellors, cannot bnt be the fruitful source of "criminal " propagation." ; In drawing- a comparison of tbe state of orime, as evidenced by tbe number of prisoners under detention in the gaols-of the colony at tbe end of each year, the Comptroller-General hardly realises tbe importance of his report, or be would show the figures which represent the number of persons convioted daring the year as any substantial evidenoe of a deo'rease in crime. It 1b only misleading the pnblio to say that he bad only so -many prisoners at the 31 st December, 1882/ -as-against so-many tbe year before, and omit all reference to . the nnmber aatnally admitted during the year. The report, however,' shows that -the number of persons admitted ' during the year who- had been previously convicted -once or oftener (exclusive of drunbafdB, &o.;)' was 694 in 1882 as against 396 in 1S81. ' These figures do not at all events indicate that . prison dis cipline has mnch reforming tendenoy, or that gaol life is deterrent upon , those, who have once passed through the ordeal; ' The returns off prison labour, as givon in, the , report, do not ehlighteji aa mnch upon the financial gain to the colony by the ."fair /and moderate 'j valuation said to be earned ont nnder stringent rales and with great care,'-'- bnt we note that the fignres in the'' report differ widely from two other official returns now before' - us. Which . is 'correct ?:. .The Comptroller-General's repprt 'places, the valna of all gaol labour for the; year,' 'inolnding material, at £46,480. - A' report farnished fft Pfl vll nmnrif nn +Vi n vmaIiai, raf- .TJ n (liltin . on, elates it at £32j600 ; wliilo tbe Treasury return's give, it at, £16,359./. -'It; is;tp, be/rp-' gretted .that the Comptroljerj-General dpes. hot deal in a more' cbmpfehensive' manner' with the question of the more effeotive em ployment of prisoners, '.but contents himself by demolishing in an off-hand way the suggestion of somebody , as' to emploiying prisoners, on the ' roads'. . V This mode, of treating tbe qnestioo : hardly justifies the expression' in another paragraph — " that this,. matter of, .finding employment : 'f is one of the greatest difificnlties of, ad-, <1 ministration, and .mnch . exercises the., 'f energies of the department." The depart ment might find an easy solution of the difficulty by imitating the example of onr Victorian neighbours at Pentridge. '.The fact is, there need "be' no difficulty" in intro ducing a more complete system, ,of labonr, i the aid of practical minds was called to ths question, Nothing bnt red-tapeism prevents it, The' Comptroller-General urges addi tional gaol accommodation. Would, it no: he better, instead of multiplying the; already too numerons country gaols, to .erect one or two large establishments, and thereby con centrate management, and sare,bxpenditure ? The present accommodation is a® toast ample tO /all toil o/fsbma 'systeiA of j olasSificatipn, practiMil btepVj werp |tlkeh to airrj thej Domptrollsr'fl theoi riib;inlplffpct. ,<,> ji1'!-' Bbading thenccoupte of tho- manneriin: wbich;,'H.)M. S. Dart has punished tho murf< derers of-'tiie late Captain Belbin, at the viliace- ..pf.Bailatj.pn, the island of Ambrym, we, aro more than ever convinced of the rnemcacy of tho present system which. England has adopted t to protect the' natives of the South Sea Islands, and at the same time to puniah outrago on her_ own subjects. We have herb. the old story ro- told. Captain Belbin was killed, compara- ' lively speaking, a -considerable time ago. A British' man-of-war - has now visited the locality . of, his .murder. Her men, at ' the loss" ' of ' " one . dead on tlroir ' side, .liave killed nine a natives and bumod two vil lages. -Tlien a fine of 20-pigs has been exacted- for the murder, and a quantity - of firearms confiscated. It is more than probable that the' tiiiie' natives. killed bird nothing whatever to do with tlio murder, and 'it is not at all eloar that by tlie burning,, of the two ' viUagea tho actual murderers suffered the slightest \- loss. The . 20. pigs, then, we may ! conclude, : .were/ taken, "to mako up for any uncertainties that might arise under either Of these heads. But surely the whole matter is most unsatisfactory.. If England has taken upon herself tire duty of a kind of international police in Ocednica. she ought to perform- the .duty. There should be sufficient vessels of War stationed amongst' the islands to ensure sharp and' certain pnnishment 'for outrage, and. riot leave slow and uncertain punishment, enck ' as that in the present case, to follow.. Had the news amongst tlio islands' of the murder of:' Gaptain Belbin been followed up by the quick, " appearance of a man-of-war at Ariibrym, and a ' demand for. the surrender of the actual culprits i miforcedlbyno uncertain means, thoBO culprits might have, been; properly punislied. As it 'was,- tbo" news had to travel' a considerable ; distance, and a good deal of time ' had to elapso.. before tho Dart could be sent on her 'mission ; and now wo liavojthe satisfaction of ; knowing that nino nativos havo been. killed, tyvo villages burned, and 20 pigs handed/over ' bv way of fine : and all the time tlio actual i murderers of Gaptain . Belbin are most pro bably,' as tliojBaying has it, " alivo and kick- ''ing?" - : ' " " - ' - j A Beuter's mesengo this morning announces the 'aheat, by .order qt1. the Government, of the great Zulu chief Dabulamauzi! who, it will beremem-- bered, led tbo attack on the British at Isandula, Where opr tioops .We'fe borne down Dy weight of numbers, and killed almost to a maii. ' The reason for the arrest has ' not transpired, btit is supposed : to be owing to the chieftain inciting the natives against the British, . _ . , ; The strong an ti-Magyar agitation still continues, and a telegram this morning states that the public feeling in Croatia agairistithe Magyar population is greatly excited. Large numbers' of peasants " assembled at Agram. on, Sunday, and on btring ordered by tbe military to, disperse, refused to-do; so, and ..forcibly resisted. the authorities,' Matters bare, assumed a; very serious aspect, and there; have been .several conflicts with los3 ''of life on- both sides. " j Arrangements have been made for a deputation, : from tho Wharfage Improvement Assooiation, to Wait upon the Honorables the Colonial Secretary, Colonial .Treasurer, and the Minister for Public Works next- Wednesday, 12th instant, at noon, when a statement, will, m. submitted .showing .the. beriefits to. be derived 'from a comprehensive seh'eme. of . wharfage accommodation. The plans „of Mr Oscar. Bchulze, to which the chief prize was 'awarded in the late competition, will be officially brought nnder .the notice of the Ministry, who .will'be urged to promptly adopt such a scheme as will.ielieve.the: tradiDg community of the colony from, the disabilities .under .which they labour owiug to the present state of the majority of the wharves, - which are inconvonient, and cause loss both in time , and money to all eugaged-in trade, ' A large model of the wharves, as proposed under Mr-Schnlze's plan, will also be laid before the -Ministers. i The case for the respondent in the divorce suit. Horwitz v, Horwitz and , Solomon was com- UiLUbvU , JCGtviUuj nh (biilj .JJttlllUgUUIDk wUUtlf null the respondent (Mrs:Horwitz) gave evidence. Her, examination in chief bad not concluded when the court . adjourned at the usual. hour. till, 10 o'clock this; morning., -' The Colonial Treasurer and the Minister- for Mines, together with Messrs Garran, O'Mara, arid Lyne, are expected to rcaob: Adolong this morning. This iB the farthest point of their journey, and,, all being, well, .tbey; will leave on their return trip to-morrow, reaobing Sydney on Thursday-next. — : Although last week's -issue of the Tribune was . the largest yet' published, . not a copy was to be 'had after mid-day on Saturday. This, no doubt, "was: occasioned, to some extent by the increasing" popularity for tbe paper,' but it must also have been duc in part to the excellent report of the first day's proceedings in the Horwitz divorce, case. The Judge's prohibition has - prevented us - from furnishing our readers with the evidence in this case from day to day, but immediately on its conolusiori, n supplement will.be issued with the Sydncy 'JDaily Telegraph, and alEO with the Tribune, giving the -suppressed information. .Town and . country agents who desire additional copies would . prevent disappointment by sending in their ordera ' without delay/ . On .Friday last,: a. deputation representing : a number of the workmen upon the railway _ works, Eveleigb, waited upon the hbn. the for Public - Works, and made certain representations to him In reference to tbe rate at ' which tbey were paid, which did not include all , the hours at which they were at work ; they also 1 referred to the losses occasioned by the wet weather, and . to the conduct of the gangers in insisting upon tbe men. knocking off on holidays, although many were willing to work, Owing to these complaints, Mr Wright, accompanied by Mr Goodcbap, Commissioner for Railways, and Mr Cowdrey, engineer for existing lines, went to Eveleigb yesterday morning, and held an inquiry, of wbiob the result waB that the complaint as to the men not being paid for all the work they did waB ascertained to be unfounded, and that with regard to the .refusal to accept work, only upon one occasion did the gangers prevent the men from working on a public holiday. With refer ence .to the question !ot 'wages, Mr Wright, taking into corisidcratiori; the Iosb, the men sustained through' enforced idleness during wet weather, resolved to increase ' their pay:by 'Gd per day, bringing ; the rate of. wage up to 7s Gd per day, ' | Mr George Perry! the popular temperance advo cate, held another open air meeting in.tho. Domain oil Sunday afternoon,: when he: addressed an audience of 'some 2000 persons on' the benefits of full local option, ''. Mr .Perry spoke for nearly two hprirs," rind was listened to with marked respect by his -large laudierice. He waB ably assisted (by Mr ThomaB Ryan. These meetings, are becoming very popular with the Bydney, public, who attend every Suriday in thousands to hear what Mr Perry has to say on the total abstinence-question. At the con- . elusion of the addresses eeveral peraoris 'cache for- : ward and signed the .pledge. , ,, r V.,. ; ! In the Bnpreme Court, in its' ecclesiastical juris- : diction, yesterday, before his; .Honor . Mr, "Justice; Faucett and a jury of Our, the case of M'Artb'ur mid others v. Seccombe was heard; .Mr Dawson, instructed by Messrs Lawrence' 'and Rich, !fbr " pjaintiffa' executors ; Mr Pilcher and Mr Ltngeni. instructed by Mr .NicholBon, for plaintiffs ; Mr M. H. Stephen rind/Mr Knox, instructed by Messrs/. Dawson and Son, for defendant' ' This is a suit/in'1 vybich plaintiffs call upon the defendant to'-show- causewhy probate should not be- granted J for the will propounded. The 1 testator, one Seccombe,-- . lately iandlord of the Imperial..Holel,.Dubbo,,left a will, in which he spoke of his reputed wife as Susan Ann Dodge. .This lady. assert9 that she was married to him in/England, and lived with" him- «)n . ut. a.lif jt w" a jctti ui bu uuuio ma utauu( tuiu uau a grown up family by him. Testator left his home at' Mil- ton on the southern coast, - on "several 'occasions' during 1881 and'1882,' and made varionB trip's to' : , Tasmania, oaiensibiy to purchase property. About this time he married plaintiff/who was then Mrs Laoy. , After , conducting ; an / hotel .' with this - last wife, for Mr/: Biachoff, 'ot /Tasmania, for sometime, testator went to-Dubbo, where ho took the Imperial Hotel!1 in which he resided two months before his death. The issues raised by the , first Mrs Seccombe are : — That the will prripounded was executed by testator when he wsb not ot sound and disposing mind.; aud alBO that it ;waB obtained by undue influence. It appears , that the will in question makeB provision for Susan Ann Dodge, tbe reputed first wife, arid her children. The pro perty in question is of considerable -value, and is partly in Tasmania, The caBe i. stands as part heard. . I An influential meeting wbb held at 'Auburn Park, Parraraatta, on Saturday night, 're tho St. Peters railway scheme/ and an influential' com/ mittee was ''..formed;/' SeVeral laridowners' from Burwood: to Bankptowri.have,agreed:'to assigri' to the Government sufficient laud -for the purpose of forming the new line of railway", ori the route of which the country1 is' a' perfect level,, with'., the exception of about one- mile near' tlie " hew reservoir! " ' ' ..a j At' St.'Johri'a 'schoolroom, last everiing!'a lecture' i-'iis diiivercd' by: the Rev. M. Archdall,' under the kuspitiea/ofs-Uie Parochial Association, tha subject'! tei-|VPei1tenal Experiences among tha Jews." "Thrileclurefjgave an interesting insight into tbe jWishfjith, land tbe lecture proved at once higfilylristrucfiVe) and not a little amusing, .'Mr ArchdallipqjSesairi a happy style of delivery, . -and- a keen BcneO' oflhamonr. There was "a very good f attendance, ;.a-nd the audience gave /the : lectrifer-markefi' attention. 1-;,', ! YeBi.erda'yV' Mr- Bochanan, S.M., presided at the firet holriing'i;of,:.tHe new Police Court at Balmainfwhen-a-clean "sheet absolved him, from 'more iharia formal attendance, and this moraine "the North"6hqre . Court, will be opened. /Before ' the adjouramerit"""of,.the Water Police Court, . yesterday, MrBUchanan,,,S.M., mentioned . the fact that the paragraph which appeared in Satur day's issue of the Daily Telegraph, with reference to the lad George Owen, had led to bis obtaining a \- suitable situation near Five Dock. . Tbe caBe will "be"" femeinbered as the oue 'in which 'the lad fcns E laced on board the Potosi, >at-Gravesend, with nt a few shillings In'bis pocket, by his uncle.. On'bis ' afrival'orit" here, he, was /utterly destitute, ' and that, be should have been, successful ,in gain- V ing employment,' is a fact interesting to all: ' acquainted with the case. . > ; At the Water Police Court yesterday, before Mr . Addison, S.M., William Camby (19), a'labourer, 'was charged with stealing £3 from' tbe person of ,ono Martin Cleary. Prosecutor appears -to 'have ; ' been sleeping ori'a bundle of bay in' a stableyard in Woolloo'mooloo, when . prisoner came up and filched the money from him. When accused of the ' theft' be pleaded guilty, ami electing to h® dealt with summarily, was sent to, gaol by bis Worship' for one calendar, month". A similar sentence- was , passed npon one Lewis Benjamin, ; a hawker, for ,rplaying .at monte, an unlawful game of chance, on the Raridwiek racecourse, a place of public resort," . A large number of caeca of drunkenness were also disposed, of, and fines proportioriate to the natuio ot .-the .offence, inflicted. On- the sum- monaside, beforo Mr Marsh, S.M., over 3.0 convic tions were obtained, at the instance of Inspector Oram, .under the. Metropolitan Transit Commission ; by- laws, for infringements of ..tbo same, and fines .inflicted. A number of coses of . assault and obscene, language were also beard, aod tbe court .was occupied until a late hour, ' The .- local . manager for tbe Orient line of steamers yesterday received tbe followiog inform ation ' by cable ".Chimborazo sailed from Plymouth, outwards, on the 8tb instant, with a foil cargo and passenger list. Liguria arrived at Suez, homewards, on the 7th instant." In the Jury -Court yesterday, before his Honor <,8ir Geo. Irines and a jury of four, the case of Cohen v, Eowe was heard. . Mr Teece, instructed by Mr Sly, for plaintiff ; Mr Hogau, of Cobar, for /defendant. . This was an action on three promis sory note's,... amounting in all to the sum of £150 ' and interest,' made. by defendant, who was son-in- law of plaintiff. The defence was want of con sideration. Tbe evidence showed prior dealings between the parties, out of which'the claim arose, Verdict. for plaintiff for £150. i 'The annual meeting of the Glebe' Band of Cohrago met in the ball below the Glebe Presby- ' terian . Church on Friday . evening. , There .was a crowded attendance. The Rev. A. Gardiner pre sided, and Messrs Salisbury, Fraland/ and Bobert- son gave addresses. Several of the young -people gave songs arid recitations. A large 'number of the Thistle Lodge of Gobd.Templara ware present, and entertained the . mrieting with several pieces. TowardB the close.the cbairmari intimated that the Band of Courage had; been carried on for eighty, years, and ruentioned some ot the good results of the meetings. Thai prize list, of those who had excelled in the scripture, examinations during the session .was them read, i and suitable, books were banded1 over to 49 successful competitors by Mr J; ' P. Walker.- A' the children, to the num ber of 420, were each; presented with ribag of cake, Jollies, &c.; A portion of the einglc men and married coupleB per the, barque Aesaye, wore landed, with their lriggage and effects, at the Circular Quay, yester day. A supplement to the Government, Gazette was issued yesterday, containing a list of names of holders of conditional purchases who bad not complied with the conditions of residence or im provements, and whose claims have been severally referred to commissioners for inquiry, pursuant to the Lands Amendment Act of 1S75. . . Recently Mr Knight, a messenger of tbe Legis lative Assembly, died, leaving a widow and six children, tbe youngest about 1G months old, un- 'provided for. A movement was made by some ;kind-hearted persons for tbe purpose. ot aiding the family, and tbe result' has so far been' satisfactory, Tbe movers in this philanthropic work have been able, through the generosity of tbe two Houses of Pailiament, and others, to place £S4 12a Gd to the . widow's credit in a bank, and to open a shop for her in Ann-street, Surry Hills. Tbe late Mr Knight was a messenger of Parliament for about 12 years,- . Some ' interesting particulars respecting the Geographical Society of Australasia appear in another column. The Rev; J, J. Jefferis, LL.B,, lectured last night at the Protestant Hall concerning a visit to the \- summit of Mount Etna. A report appears etae- ' where. i At- tire quarterly meeting of tbe City Council yesterday,, Alderman Chapman called the atten tion' of. his Worship to tbe fact that fresb water wbb being used; to/ water the 'streets. Considering there "was a "prospect' of a very dry season, he should suggest that salt water be used for the future. 'It wus 'stated that proper pumping machines were abont to be ereotcd in - tho main streets for providing salt water, i At the Central Police Court yesterday, William Edwards, the well-known pedestrian, was charged with" deserting" his- wife, Helen Edwards. Tbe detectives fonnd £72 4b 4d on prisoner. An order was made f6r 40s'per week for a twelvemonth, de fendant stating:his willingness to pay the sum in one lump, as it was probable be might be leaving the colony . i Yesterday, morning at the Central Police Court Charles M'Alister (28), a respectable looking man, described in the police Bbeet as a card-sharper, was charged with having no lawfnl means of sup port, After Detective Tindall bad deposed to prisoner's character, , Michael Kennedy said be had met prisoner on Friday morning in Elizabeth- street, and after a short conversation they had a drink together. Another man came along, and the well-known matchbox trick supervened. After a lengthened hearing the case was postponed by air uinrx an rveanesaay next, nan Being allowed. ' i Yesterday, at the District Court, before his Honor Judge Wilkinson, J. Butty, butcher, Cook's River, sued P. Gallon to recover £89 5s, the amount of an account rendered for goods sold and delivered. Yerdiot . for the plaintiff - for the amount claimed. John Corliss, 23 King-street, sued William Johnson, restaurant- keeper, Market- street, to recover £17 11b 5d,-boing the amount of a -bill-' for goods supplied and delivered. His Honor .gave- a - verdict for the plaintiff for the amount claimed.: Thomas Dorn Gue Edward Perkins, licerisee of the Royal Exchange Hotel, King and 'George1 BtTeets, to recover the sum of £12218, " being the amount of a bill for board 8uppliedby plaintiff to defendant's servants, and bIbo. for.board supplied to lodgers, and for bread,, meat, and salads supplied for defendant's luncheon bar, at bis Tcquest. The defence-was a set-offiof £178 . 13s Gd, After bearing the evidence his Honor gave a verdict for defendant on the Bet-off for £2G los. .. ; A Chinaman was in a hurry to alight from a Botany tram on .Sunday, attempted to get out ' while the car was in motion, and was thrown to the. ground, and rendered senseless, He wob taken to the hospital, ' , | At the Farramatta Police Court yesterday, John Woodhouse pleaded guilty to having broken two , panes of glass, of the value of 10s, in a railway carriage/and had to pay £6 10s for his exuberance 'of spirits./ , (The City. Council held their usual .quarterly : meeting' at the Town Hall yesterday afternoon, when some rather lively matters came under deli beration- A report appears in another column. I It was reported to the . City Coroner yesterday "that about 6 o'clock on Sunday morning an. infant named Ann Duffy, five weeks old, was found dead in bed in a bouse at Maodonald-street, Macdonald- : town. It ia'statcd that the -deceased- had been suffering from thrush since her, birth, arid had \- not been attended by. a doctor. An inquiry will be held. j Yesterday morning s curious accident happened , to a Mr Greenwood, atSpringwoo'd, when engaged chopping wood, HiB axe oangbt in a wire line ' over- bead and ho was thrown to tbe ground, re ceiving injuries to his back whioh necessitated his removal to the hospital. j An extraordinary scene occurred at the meeting of the borough council of Castlemaine on Thurs day last, aud is thus described by the correspon dent of the Argute; On a' motion for tho appoint ment of a committee respecting water oxteneion to Wattle Flat, Councillor Greonhlll, J.P., de manded the production of all the correspondence previous to the vote being taken. Councillor Bed- team said Councillor Greenhill bad no right to be there, and should be outside. Councillor Green- hill said : " Ten of you could not put me outside," Councillor Redfearn said : 'j Come outside and I will show you." Five minutes afterwords Coun cillor Redfearn told Councillor Greenhill: "You have no right at the table ; you hold your seat unfairly, and are more fit for a lunatic asylum." Some further strong language was 1 UBed, and .Councillor Greenhill behaved very violently. The mayor ruled Councillor Greenhill out ' of order. There -was great excitement at the council table for some time/but at last order wsb restored, ; Tbo Maldon correspondent of the Arr/its gives Ithe following particulars of an assault ori a female Iwlio was mistaken for a ghost A few nights ago Mrs/Miller. was returning home, and, whilst waiting. fot-.a friend at a street corner, was piscel by a young\mah,;'who, atter going past her a few yardj,, returned, knookedher down, and struck her, giving het two black eyes and inflicting other injuries. , Before lle'aving,1 he told her he thought . he had given Her; enough, /On reaching home she informed her friends, who at once communicated With tbe pplice, but as she could not give any des cription of the person who assaulted her, the matter remained a rirystery. Reports had for some time past been current that ghosts have been seen in ths neighbourhood of the place where the aBsault took place, and tbe following morning a young man who delivers milk in the neighbourhood appeared , as usual, but with a bandaged and helpless hand, and informed hiB customurs that he had been fight- . ing with tbe ghost. This morning, on hearing that Mrs Miller's case was in the hands of the police, he at once paid a visit. to the sufferer, and on finding that. she was really the ghoBt he had attacked, he offered a most abject apology. It is not known whether tbia has been accepted." A correspondent of the Argue, writing from Ambrym, New Hebrides,1 on August 22, Bays:—! " The result of the action' of H.M.B, Dart at the 1 < village of Ballat on the 4th instant was that nine ' natives were killed and several wounded. Two villages' were bnrnt. Afterwards Commodore Moore held a conference, in tbe presence of Presbyterian .missionaries, with the inhabitants, and made them give up all their arms, 40 muskets, ' including 10 Sniders and a quantity of bows and arrows. These were packed in cases and sent by tbe schooner Energy to Noumea, to be despatched to the Commcdore at Sydney. An agreement was ' made that in futnre none of the natives of Ambrym are to carry arms! Commodore Moore also fined ' the village 20 pigs for the murder of Captain Belbin, which was totally unprovoked. Mr Craig, < a white trader, who, with his wife, resides at Dip'-. Point, near Ballat, tells me that Commander ' Moore has given the natives such a salutary lesson -; that he now feels perfectly safe, as tbey will not attack white nrea again. William Parker, the - seaman of- tbe Dart who was killed in the attack on tbe village, was buried at sea." : A telegram to a Brisbane newspaper re New Guinea exploration says, under date Port Moresby, ' via Cooktown, August 13 " Tbe Age correspon- ' dent has been- plundered of mnch property by - inland natives. This is the first trouble with the inland tribes since foreigners, arrived on the 1 ieland, and took place only about 16' miieB from . , tbe coast. The Argus correspondent is at Sogen with Professor Denton ; both are living in the old mission-house. . The Argus party at Port Moresby is likely to get into trouble for poisoning tho natives' dogs. This is the first time such a thing Brown Biver, 40 miles from the const. He could find no natives, and says it is a splendid country; AH the mission party are well. The mission schooner Ellangowan is expected daily. Tbe . hunting season of the natives is now on, but will soon be over, when a large trading party goes west for sago." The following is the report of the Sydney Hospital for the week ended September 8 Admitted, 33 males, 22 females ; total, 55. Discharged. 44 males, 17 females ; total, 01. Died, 2 males, 2 females ; total, 4\. Remaining, 155 males, 70 females ; total, 225. The following is the report of the Prince Alfred Hospital for the week lending 9th September.: — Number of in-patients at last report. 78 males, 44 females ; total, 122. Since adnrrtted, 18 males, 12 females, total, 80. Discharged, 10 males, 10 females ; total, 20. Died, 4 males, Remaining on 9th Septem- ' ber, 82 males, 46 females ; total, 128, The following is tho report of St. Vincent's Hos pital for the week ending September 8 Admitted, 7 males, 4 females; total, 11. Discharged, 1 male, 7 females ; total, 8. Died, 2 males. Remaining in hospital September 8, 47 males, 23 females ; total, 70. The treasurers of the Infants' Home, Ashfield, have received from Messrs Williamson, Garner, and Com pany, and Mrand Mra Burnett (Miss Jennie Lee) the sum of £183 19s, being the net proceeds of entertain ment at the Theatre Royal. 