REVIEW. ?qitatting in VICTORIA. By Edward M. Curr. Published by George Robertson. Any addition to Australian literature ia always, to a certain extent, a literary event, ections of Squatting Life in Victoria' will ae perused with pleasure by all those who id an interest in the early days of the settlement of the colonies. In the opening chapters the author gives a description of Melbourne in 1839, with its three little inns aear the landing-place of the Yarra Yarra. 4.t that time *' in most of the streets stumps ivere plentiful, and in all but on 3 or two :rees were occasionally to be met with ; whilst by no stretch of the imagination could the limits of the town be said to extend beyond the area enclosed by William-street, Lons 3ale-street, Swanaton-street, and Flinders 3treet.' The squatters at that time were regarded as men who could not exist without their hoises, and who wore habitually Hessian boots and spurs, of which it was un certain whether the wearer ever divested himself. The mania for land speculation and auction sales, at which the principal feature was a champagne lunch, are graphically treated, and the quaint old bellman ia thus described :--' Mounted on an old white horse, this grey-haired old man might be 3een daily perambulating the . streets be tween the hours of 9 and 12 a.m., riuging a bell, and carrying a red flag elevated dj a staff a few feet above his head, on whi^h appeared in largo letters the word ' Auction ;' whilst two boards, on which were posted bills of the sale to which the old man drew attention, dangled at his back and chest. As he rode down Collins-street I often noticed that the board which was in front rested on the pommel of the saddle, and coming under the rider's chin elevated his line of vision far above the horizon. As he could see little of what was passing around him, and hear nothing for the noise made by his bell, hfs look naturally became abstracted if not solemn. Somehow this old mau, always gazing upwards, apparently at some distant hills, with banner upreared and locks floating in the wind, has become mixed up in my mind with Longfellow's Alpine hero — whimsically , and improperly enough I admit— and when 1 think cf him, the poet's verses seem to vary into something of this sort — ' Onward the old man spurred his hone, A down the street he took his course, Bearing a banner with strange device, lie town allotments at a price. Excelsior.' In travelling to a sheep run purchased at auction by his father the author stopped at a bush inn, and among its occupants he ob served a man whose behaviour was so singular as to excite hi3 curiosity.' Upon enquiring he found that the man's brother, a stockman, had died not long before, leaving a poung widow and a child behind him, the Former of whom after bemoaning her loss with great constancy for six weeks, had at length iried her teevs and consented to become tne nife of her brother-in-1-iw. Iu consequence of this arrangement the young widow hadstarted for town with the proprietor of the station, who had obligingly offered her a seat in his dog-cart, the bridegroom-elect having to meet tier at Church two or three days later. In the meantime it appears that the capricious fair one was wooed by her master ou the road iown, and wedded forthwith on their arrival in town ; and was oh her return to the station in all the glories' of a new bonnet and husband, triien the pair met the discarded lover face to . [ace at .the inn- door, who, in ignorance of tvhathad occurred, had just been experiencing ihat delicate badinage to which ' happy men' lave been victims for time immemorial. The run, of course,, turns out to be very lifferent from the description given by the mctioneer, and the purchaser is disgusted to ind on his arrival that his cheap purchase was, in fact, a very bad one ; that the sheep, principally old ewes, were of poor quality, Daidly scabbed, and suffering from the foot rot, and the run itself was as bad as could ae. However, the young man settled dili gently to work, and without the slightest inowledge of sheep-fanningproceededto learn the business. By dint of perseverance, sconomy, and sound judgment, after one or two removals prospects brightened consider ably, and a good share of success came to jrown his efforts. Among the most interesting chapters are those which. Mr. Curr has devotedtoa de scription of the aboriginals by whom he was surrounded. His black neighbours were of the 'Bangerang tribe, and the description of their manners and customs is highly inte resting and sufficiently elaborate to render it clear and lucid. An account of a corrobcree is faithfully given, and the_ writer seems to bave gained a good insight into the customs pertaining to their social life. ; He induced a blackfellow to build him a canoe, and thus describes the process of manufacture:— ' The tree chosen (an old river gum of about twenty feet in circumference), a few notches were cut with the tomahawk, one above the other, in its bark, just outside of [ what was to be its edge or gunwale of the canoe. The operator having then roughly marked out on the tree the Iins3 of his vessel, commenced cutting the bark along them with his tomahawk down to the wood, so i as to detach from the tree an 'unbroken sheet of bark, which would be the canoe. To effect this, the tree was ascended gradually by placing the big toe in the notohes before mentioned., which were used . as steps, the blackfellow holding on with one hand and one heel, whilst he plied the tomahawk with the other han d. The bark thus cut all round, it only remained to detach it from the tree. to which it still adhered. This was effected bj hammering the future canoe gently with the butt of the tomahawk, and by forcing the end of a pole here and there under the edges of the bark and prizing steadily. Gradually in . this manner it was detached from the tree.' A real ghost story, which will be relished by the lovers of the supernatural, forms a portion of a chapter descriptive of a deserted camp which was discovered by the author and his brother. ' Speaking of the social relations of the Ban gefangs, Mr. Curr says :— ' Prior to the coming of the whites, the Bangerangs, as a rule, enforced constancy on ? the part of their wives and chastity on their unmarried daughters. A number of well-established customs lent their aid to this purpose ; thus a woman never sat' in a mia-mia in which there was a man, save her husband. She neither conversed nor ex changed words with any man save in the absence of her husband and in reply to some necessary questions. If a man required to ask a woman a question he did so from a dis tance and in a loud voice, so as to be heard by every one. Girls, as a rule, were pro mised in marriage in infancy, espoused at twelve years of age, -vad became mothers at sixteen. Until^ married they lived in their father's mia-mia, from which their brothers of , eight or ten years of age were excluded at night. They had no com munication with persons of : tho op posite sex, exceDt little boys. The women were considerably smaller in proportion to the men than amongst Europeans. . . . Like the men, the women had the septum of the nose pierced, and the nrms and chest ornamented to some extent with raised scars. The principal duties whichfell to the share of the women in domestic life were to provide the daily supply of wild roots and vegetables, of which the food of the Bangerangs in a great measure consisted. It was their business also to-' transport the children from place to place in their constant wanderings ; the men carried their arms and personal effects. Frogs, and the small fish caught in nets, were provided by the women and children.' ? Mr. Curr is of the opinion that the mental and intellectual characteristics of the abori ginal is capable of successful cultivation, and that although his mind ia confined to few ideas, and those of a low. class ; with a language deficient in collective and abstrast terms; without, history, almost bereft of tradition ; with but few vague ideas of a Supreme Being, he has within him a latent capacity which simply requires development to place it on an equality with the white man. A singular proof of the paucity of their lan guage is that they have but two numerals^ Three is expressed by one, two ; four by two, two, and so on. ' Frequently, however, ap pointments to_ meet at certain places, at some period within the limits of seventeen days or so, were arranged in the folio «ing manner : — The person who wished to fix the day of meeting used to take hold of his left ear and say jan-jan, and that was the first day; he then put the fore finger of his right hand on his collar - bone, saying ifr&l-; \- hruk, and that was the second day; and in this way he went on placing it on his left shoulder above the muscle of his arm ; below that muscle ; and then on two spots between the elbow and the wrist ; and tnen on the wrist and on each finger of the right hand : each spot on which he placed bis fimjer and each finger held up, having its particular desig nation, representing a day.' Stirring accounts of kangaroo hunts, emu stalking, and dog-shooting, add zest to the narrative. Altogether, the book is as full of interest as a volume can conveniently bo. It abounds in anecdotes, accounts of abori ginal sports and fights, and the bu3'i wandeiiuK8 and trials of the early settlers. To the old Australian it will revive inci dents associated with his early experience in the bush, while the ' new chum' can not fail to be pleased and edified by tho phases of life which are so vividly depicted. The typographical appearance of the book is to be commended, and would be really creditable to any publishing house in any part of the world. 