PORT CONGREGATIONAL SUNDAY SCHOOL ANNIVERSARY. The remaining portion of the services connected with the celebration of the Port Congregational Sunday School anniversary—that is the tea and public meeting—were held on Tuesday evening last. Both the meetings were a great success as they fully deserved to be. Tea meetings would require the pen of an inspired scribc to report with any effectiveness ; we shall simply say that that portion of the evening's proceedings was all that could possibly be desired in the way of sociality and good chccr. Over the largely-attended public meeting which followed Mr. Sydney Malin precided with a grace and ability which (remembering that this is. so far as we are aware, his debut in the chairmanship of such gatherings) is a satisfactory earnest of the manner in which we may expect him to bear his otium cum dignitatc when higher socialand civic honors are conferred upou him by his fellow townsmen. Mr. W. H. livans (one of the hon. secretaries) read a very satisfactory report, which showed during the year the school had made good progress, notwithstanding difficulties to be contended with. The; number of teachers on the roll was 19 male, and 15 female tcacliers, and there was an average attendance of 28. There were 143 boys and 167 girls as scholars, their average attendance being 230\. The school library had now 400 volumes and 40 subscribers. The Band of Hope had advanced rapidly, and the floral and art society was fast increasing in popularity. The latter had held an exhibition in November which turned out very successfully," chiefly on account of a novelty being introduced in the shape of some cookcrv exhibits from the girls. Mr. Langley (treasurer) read the balance-sheet, which showed the receipts to be £66 3s. lid., and expenditure £64 14s, 8d. The Chairman followed with a very interesting address. He was in a position, as one who had been brought up in the school, to feel peculiar pleasure at the highly satisfactory nature of tin, reports, in briefly reviewing the {history of the school and the Church, he referred feelingly to the labors of their late "reverend pastor the ltev. M. H. llodgc, and Messrs. and Mesdames AVoodriffe, Mitchelmore, Grosse, and Baily. He drew a comparison between Mr. Mitchelmore and the Captain of the Salvation Army, inasmuch as that gentleman was left behind to look after the hallelujah lasses whilst Mr. Hodge went away to the Melbourne diggings to raise funds for the Church! It is unnecessary to repeat the 6tory of Mr. Hodge's labors: how he acted as cook for the party in the day, and preached to the diggers of a night, whilst the diggers liberally dropped nuggets into the hats which did duty for collection plates until £400 or £500 had been raised for the Church, The Chairman concluded his address by recommending the unmarried gentleman of the Port to try and secure matrimonial partners from the ranks of the young ladies who had given evidence in a recent exhibition that to their other high acquirements they added the practical advantages of an intimacy with the arts and mysteries of the kitchen. The Rev. S. Liuton with a few appropriate remarks moved the adoption of the reports and expressed his hearty eongratulations to the church on the prosperity of the Sunday-school. He offered some good practical advice to teachers on effective methods of teaching. The Rev. J. H. Angus seconded, adding some further words of advice, and expressing ail opinion that the present school system was responsible for the prevalent larrikinism. The motion was carried, and the ltev. J. C. Kirby then addressed the congregation, and votes of thanks being passed, the meeting was closed in the usual way. During the evening several sacral musical selections were most effectively given by the choir and school, under the leadership of ,U r. H. W. Thompson. Mr. J. W. Channon presided at the harmonium. Svdncy mint issued £l,473.0SS worth of gold coin last year, making £50,578,202 since its establishment. General rates received in Brisbane last year amounted to ill4,583. Ireland is being searched for a young lady who has become heiress to a fortune of £10,000 a J car. Man at Sheffield (ling), while drunk dashed his infant daughter's brains out against the wall. If you want to be a real good Christian you must practice on Monday one or two of the things that you say " Amen " to on Sunday. 0«car Wilde says that Niagara falls is simply a va*t amount of unnecessary water going the wrong way and falling over unnecessary rocks. The Chinese minister, who lives quite simply Washington, devotes 100,000 dollar a year to the support of the poor in the province of lion-Nan. Mr. A Thomas (out of two applicants) has been appointed by the City Council to the position of Analyst under the Fooil Drugs Act. The number of arrests for puuisnablc drnnkenne: in Ireland in 1S81 were 78,573 which compared with those of 1877, which were 110,'J03, shew a decrease of 32,300. London svndicate granted permission to establish a national bank in the Transvaal with a capital of £1,000,01)0. Government entitled to overdraw to extent of one-third of revenue. !n Germanv an ordinary threshing machine was successfully driven by electricity. Speed 1400 turns a minute, illuminating at same time the entire show yard. THE lightnc s of Gambetta's brain has caused ex" treme surprise, to phrenologists especially. Among the heaviest brains ever recorded are those of Cuvier and Lord Byron. THE Mint in .San Fraucisso is the largest in the world—twice as large as the one in Philadelphia, and three times the size of .any in Europe, having 24,000,000 dols. worth of coin ana bullion stored away in its vaults. The first clergyman to land in New South Wales was the Rev. Richard Johnson, chaplain to the first fleet. The first church (built of siabs, Xc.) was erected by him, and opened on 23th August, 1793. Mr. Johnson was the first to introduce the orange into the colony. Beggars and vagabonds arc greatly on the increase in Germany. A political economist, who hasdevoted much time to the matter, calculates that there are no fewer than 200,000 vagabonds within the limits, of the empire, and that each of them manages to beg as much as 2s a day upon the avcargc, this being equivalent to an annual tax about £7,300,0J0 per nnnuiu, raised for the most part in the country districts. Anarchy and agrarianism are rampant in Spain. Dr. Benson will be enthroned as Archbishop of Canterbury on Tuesday, April 3d. The Harrow Debating Club has rejected a motion that the Bible should be read in State schools, '1 he Turks and Albanians are beginning to snarl at each other, and fighting is said to be imminent. Mr. Gladstone has beeen utilizing his holiday in France by conferring with the Ferry Government on the Egyptian Question. Mr. T. Cooper, M.P, for Creswick, lias been appointed Chairman of Committees in the Victorian Assembly. The Very Rcvd. Hussey Burgh Macartney (Dean of Melbourne) celebrated his golden wedding on Wednesday, March 7th. Cardinal Maccabe (ll.C.) Archbishop of Dublin, who has been at death's door for several weeks, is reported to be convalescent. The Victoriau revenue for the eight months ended February 28th, amounted to £3,704,444, or £30,000 in excess of the Treasurer's estimate. Flood waters arc reported to be coming down the Darling, and it is expected that the Murray will be navigable in two or three weeks. Some Melbourne capitalists offered to take up £500,000 of the Victorian loan at par, the cash for debentures to be paid in Melbourne, but Sir Bryan O'Loghlen declined the offer.| Dr. Lyon Playfair has resigned the Deputy- Speakership of the House of Commons, and Sir Arthur J. Otway, M.P. for Rochester, has been ippointed to succeed liim. Tenders have been called for a new bridge over the Yarra at the foot of Swauston- street, Melbourne, place of Prince's bridge. It will cost about £100,000. It is stated on good authority that £100,000 of debt on the Welsh Congregational Chapels will be promptly wiped off as the result of the Jubilee Thanksgiving Fund. Nearly 5000 acres of wheat were under cultivation in the Invcrell districts last year—yielding 25| ibushels to the aero. This is wonderful, considering the quantity destroyed by the rain. A deputation of Chinese waited on the Colonial Secretary of New Zealand and handed to him £42 4s. Od. subscribed by Chinese residents towards tiie support of the Wellington Hospital. The Government of Queensland wants Great Uritain to annex New Guinea, and promises to form a settlement and be at the expense of a rudimentary Government in thai Island, if Lord Derby accedes to its wish. The estimated population of New Zealand on December.')], 1882 was 517.<jU0. The imports durtlie quarter ended December 31, amounted to £2,1 (>5,101), and the exports to Cl.7u3.2i J, while the revenue for the same quarter reached £887,253 Gs. 5d t Some one says, bread and butter is the dress of this world, love and kindness its trimmings. The man who wrote that i.-n't married, any married man knows that the trimmings always costs four time as much as the dress. A Chinese coin 3.000 years old has been found by gold miners digging in a claim at Cassiar, IJritisn Columbia. It is supposed to have been left there by Chinese mariners wrecked on the coast loii" before the Christian eia. ° An American mining journal has the following : " A tin mine in Tasmania, one of the 1'Jast India Islands, in 1873, in which slock was sold for 5 dols. j er share. This stock is n.nv worth 300 dols. per share. One man bought. 701) shares and has from it an aunual income of lO.UUO dols.'' "How arc yon getting along," asked a widow of her late husband, who appeared to her at midnight as a ghost. Ghost—"Very well indeed ; much better than during my twenty years of married Jin; (n earth." Widow (delightedly)— 1 " Then you are in heaven?" Ghost—"Oh 1 no." " What are you about, my dear," said his "randmother to a little boy who was sliding along a^room and casting furtive glances at a gentleman "who was paying a visit. 1 am trying, grandma, to steal papa's hat out of the room without luttiii" the gentleman sec it, for papa wants him to think lie's out." It is staled that during the past year there were 73;) murders in the United Stales; ];)() of which were committed in the State of New York (»0 <£ til Jin being perpetrated in New York Citv and Brooklyn. Of the 3S." s ilcides committed i'n the yeir in Iiie United S'.atjs lit) occurred in New York and llrooklvn. A mastodon skeleton ha- - he;'ii «;nd in Kentucky. The 1'oilowing measurements were taken :—Length of skeleton, 10 fcA height, 23 feel 8 inches ; length of head, 15 feet 1 inches across knee, 1S\ inches. One bone, was 10]inches in diameter: from shoulderblade to ankle, 14 feel. 7 inches : jawbone 15 inches in diameter. The skeleton was embeded in blue clay. The land in Wall-Mivet, New York, on which the Drexel building stands, was solo at tlie rate of 14.000,OJO dol. per acre. Forty-two years ago it was occupied by a hat store. A'lot of the confer of Broad-street and l-Jxehangu- place was sold at the rate of 15,OOO.OUOdol. an acre. In the best part of Broadway land is valued at 20,000,00DdoJ. per acre. A telegram from Western Australia slates that another batch of forty-live prisoners from the Gaseovne has been brought down per Rob Hoy, which brings news from the North. There had been rains on the north-west coast, and all rivers were running on Ash Wednesday. A hurricane took place at Yaniinalcry Oiee.k, west of Cossack and the pearling ve-scli Dinah and Jvile were piled up. The squatters inland also J j.-t altogether umi t 1000 head of cattle, drowned and bogged. Mr. Foss has done good work in the distuibed districts, and the natives arc now comparatively quiet.' Tlio Gascoyne and all its fecdcis have been in flood. Mr. l-'innerty's old house was washed away, also Crowther and Barter's new jetty at the river mouth. Printed and published by the proprietor, EmviN JfKKltY DKKKiNtiToN, at his otlices, comer. Todd and Uivctt--tiuets, Port Adelaide. 