TAMZIN'S CHOICE. BI BSME STGABT. Conclusion. , Three days passed, and Tamzin had. no® seen either of her lovers. John vm® busy at Port Isaac, and Pasoho waB not likwy t her out since the news had spread in the village that Tamzin Biehards fiaa a® ias® made, up her mind, and that John Kermck was the successful man, . ... . . What made it harder for Pascho to bear was that the neighbours put a tone of gentle pity into their conversation, trying so to sugar the bitter pill, but not succeeding very well. He remembered the vision of the Dead Hand. Ah ! tbat had brought him ill luck. Men said it was the hand of a miner who had committed suicide, and for a moment there came a temptation from the devil to follow this example, but Pascho shook his big shoulders as if to cast out the thought, and said to himself — . 4 I'll be a man, anyhow, and bear it like a man. After all, if Tamzin can be happier with him, it'a.best as it is.' On the Sunday, however, he met Tamzin at church. His seat there was just behind here, and the girl never heard a word of the service from the time she was aware of hig presence. Coming out, be joined her as usual, and Tamzin felt thankful that John was safe at Port Isaac. Tamzin's heart had been very heavy since that Wednesday night, but she was too proud to show it. 4 Good morning, Pascho,' she said, pleasantly. 4 Good morning, Tamzin ; I hope you were none the worse for the storm. I hear the sailors talk of bad weather still to come.' The rest of the small congregation had dispersed before they Epoke again, and then it was lamzin who broke the silence. 4 Won't you wish me joy, Pasoho ?' she said, in a low voice — she wanted to get.. Pascho's reproaches over. 4 Ay that I do, Tamzin ; you're not going to doubt that? I'd rather you was happy than myself. But I will not deny that it's a sore trial.' 4 1 never promised you nothing, Pascho.' There's none that blames you, Tamzin, least of all myself. I know I'm not worthy of you. You're not like the common ran o' women, while there's nothing but what's very ordinary about me ; but all the same I would have loved you with no common love, Tamzin. There, I shouldn't sp8k so, I know; but a man can't change his heart, and mine has grown and grown every year a bit bigger for love of you.' ' 4 Oh, Pascho, don't talk like that,' said Tamzin, miserably. I couldn't help it.' Well, we won't talk of it then, Tamzin ; but you just understand that I wishes you all the joy a woman can have with a true man, and that's a deep kind o' joy — as deep as one of our quarries, as far as I'm a judge. Just to prove it to you, my dear, I'll do my best not to envy John Eernick. His vessel is coming to our quarry on Tuesday night if it's fine weather ; but he'll take up his full load round Trevenna Port. I'm going in bis boat round th8 point and into Trevenna. for the master says there's not a better hand at loading than myself on the works. Tamzin was seized with a nervous dread. Suppose the two men should come to words ; suppose they should fight about her — she would never forgive herself if kind, gentle Pascho was hurt all along of her. John Eernick was such a hasty-tempered man and not to be crossed, as she knew. Even now Tamzin felt her power over the man who had been faithful to her so long, Pascho, Pasoho,' she said, 'promise me one thing ; promise me that you'll have no words about me with John.' Pascho laughed — a bitter laugh for such a gentle man. You needn't fret yourself about that, Tamzin. John's yours now, and I aha'n't lay a finger on him. You can guess that without my promise.' And with this Tamzin had to be content, only/ when she parted from the quarryman, she wen® and shut herself up in her room, and sobbed bitterly. 4 Oh, Pascbo. poor Pascho ! if you would but forget me ; but I know yon won't.' On the Tuesday the weather was calm enough, and the slate loading waB accomplished from the qnarry overhanging the sea without any very great difficulty. Pascho Fuge worked with a will, but every now and then ha and the other men who were helping John Eernick on the vessel glanced at the s&y;, and pointed out to each other certain indications of rough weather, sayiug there was mischief brewing. John saw them too, but he would not heed them. He was bent on putting into Trevenna Port and seeing Tamzin as he had promised. The weather will hold out till to-morrow, and we ean run her in before twelve o'clock to-night and load her,' he said, confidently. 4 We'll sail her round the point as soon as this job's over. There's grog waiting for you up Trevenna, boys, so work away.' John did not know that Pascho was to be the man to accompany him; he had | bargained for a quarryman to help him load, ! and, when the work was nearly done, he was i by no means pleased to find the big Cornish- j man coming ou board bis vessel. ! 4 Are you the ch&p; that's going to help us, Pascho Fuge ?' be said, sulkily. Yes, cap'en, the master sent me,' was the straightforward answer, which there was no , gainsaying. You're not much of a hand with a vessel, ! I reckon,' said John, contemptuously ; it | wants a deal of pluck and sharpness.' 4 I've been a quarryman most all my life, still I'm not quite ignorant about a boat,' returned Pasoho. 4 It wants a good head in ' our quarry, end a good head in one place is a goad head in another.' ! 4 There's a nasty breeze getting up/ gaid John, crossly ; we'd better get ber well out from among these rocks, and lie to till it's finis? to run htr into port. Heave-ho, boys !' ' It is wonderful in how short a time a storm 1 rises cn that coas4.. It takes but little wind « to lash those seldom peaceful waves into j fury as they dash against the rocks. j Tamzin could not stay quietly indoors this evening, as the wind rose softly at first, then getting higher and higher till, as on the evening of her engagement, it howled like demons let loose. John's boat was to como in with the tide, and Piftcho was m her. Ho w would they weather the storm, and would Pascho keep his promise ? 4 I'll not go to bed till I've news of them, said Tamzin decidedly to her parents. 4 It s coins to bo nwfQl oigbtf edq how will they get into any harbour ? It were late afore they out off from West Delabole.' To which Mrs. Bichards answered : It's not fit for you to sit alons, Tamzin, but if you like you may get Sally Rogers to come and stop with you. I'm not going to stay up, I can tell you. I feels my rheumatism coming on.' So Widow Rogers Game m when the ow people retired to bed ; not that they had any real fears about Tamzin ; she could take care of herself as well as any woman for miles round, but it was well to think of what people might say. . 4 They'll never try to run her in to-night, saidSally Sogers when she stepped in. She was quite a young woman and a friend of Tamzin's. The 'her' was John Eernick's boat, and, of course, the widow took a special interest in Tamzin's 'young man,' having quite veered off from poor Pascho. ' John's very fearless,' answered Tamzin, looking out anxiously at the driving clouds which swept rapidly across the moon. If any man can save bis vessel he'll do it — but there's Pascho on board with him/ 1 And what of that— do yon expect broken heads, Tamzin? Faith 1 a man soon gets over a girl's leaving him ; hs'll expect better luck elsewhere.' Bt Tamzin knew Pascho too well to expect him to ge® over it as easily as that. , 4 Oome, shut the door/ said Widow Rogere, 4 and let's sit over the fire and chat.' But though Tamzin shut the door anc, came into the inner room with her friend, raking up the embers and setting a chair for her, she herself could not sit still, but walkec . slowly along the length of the two rooms in a fever of expectation. 4 You don't think harm will come to them, Sally?' she asked, though Sally, of course, could know no better than herself. 4 Harm ! what harm can come to them ? They'll keep off the rocks and ran into Padstow Port right enpagfc, never fear.' 4 But I've heard John say how hard it is to keep off Trevenna Bocks when the wind is dead agen you.' 4 How you do go on about your John, Tamzin 1 I never was so mindful of my poor Jacob, that's gone, afore I married him, and, to tell the truth, I got to love him a great deal better after we was married.' 4 Tnat's not like me/ said Tamzin quickly, standing up in all her height and beauty, while her cheeks flushed suddenly; 4 if I didn't feel all the love afore, I should just get to hate and fear a man afterward. A woman's but a poor slave at best ; it wants a deal of love to balance the trouble/ 4 It's just woman's lot to slave for the men, and it aiu't so bad, Tamzin, when cne gets used to it ; it's better than being pointed at as a girl unmated/ Tamzin shrugged her shoulders. Such weak sentiment met with no response in her breast ; love might master her, but not this folly. Suddenly borne along by the wind there came a distant noise, as if from the port. 4 Lord a' mercy !' cried Sally, 4 what's that ? I'm sure it's Trege&gle; at his tricks again. Tamzin Bhuddered. 4 Ho, it ain't, Sally,' she replied, 4 it's a shouting down the port way.' Aud before many minutes a rush of footsteps past the door settled the question, as along the village street came the cry, 4 A vessel on the rooks !' 4 Sally, it's John Eernick's boat, I know it is — something told me as there was mischief to come to-night. I must go down to the port, I must.' 4 It's no place for a woman, girl ; there'll be no standing down there a'gen this wind. Give it up— it'll soon end one way or another/ 4 Look here, Sally,' said Tamzin, not heed ing her words, 4 you may Btay here and keep a good fire up and get blankets ready — you know what's wanted at these times— and I'll go down port. Give me my jacket, and my hood, and don't let them know up-etairs/ Nothiug oa earth could have kept Tamzin back — ail her spirit was up. She was no longer a weak girl, but a strong, determined tfoman, whose whole soul was in that boat, and yet her thoughts were — 4 John Eernick's safe enough ; he can take care of hisself in any sea, but he'll leave Pascho, and there'll be no one knows as Pascho's aboard but me. I must go.' Iu a few moments she had prepared herself for the wind in a tight jacket and close hood, and, opening the door, she found herself out in a fierce storm of wind with occasional dashes of pelting rain, though the moon shone through the clouds at intervals, so that at times the surrounding objeots were plain enough. All the men in the village were astir ; the news ran like wildfire that a vessel was on the rocks, ahd as they hurried down the steep path they conjectured where she was. ' She's sure to have foundered on the Island Bock/ said one. No, on Barras Nose/ said another. It'll go hard with her, wherever it be,' said a third, 4 Why, here's Tamzin 1 Lord, girl ! it's not a night for you to be out. Go back— go back 1 I must come ! I will oome !' cried Tamzin, hurrying on. 'Nothing hurts me; and maybe it's my friends aboard.' Nimble feet on a fine day might make ten miuuteB' work of getting down to the port, but to-night the wind was so strong that it was a hard matter for a woman to stand against it as it whirled up the narrow alley, seemingly bent on the destruction of everything that came in its way. But Tamzin thought of nothing bat the end of her journey ; she did not heed the loose stones that lay in her path or the rain that now and again splashed her face. As she approached the 'rocty landing- place, the scene that presented itself was indeed one of confusion. The narrow ledge was crowded with men, all vainly trying to throw ropes to the ship across an awful ohasm of boiling waves : for the vessel was not, bb was naturally supposed, stranded at the entrance of the port, but in the port itself, on a rook that rises in the oentre of foe nmftil cove, and on the summit of whioh a large wooden stake was fixed as a warning at ! ? watfindeed John Eernick's boat. With ! wonderful skill ho had rounded fcbe point, i but by tbat time even he had seen that in the i face of such a storm as was now rising his j only chance of safety was to make for Pad- stow Harbour. But it wis too late ; the wind waB dead against him, and ho was, in spite of i all his efforts, driven back again round j Trevenna Head into the surging, angry sc-a that dashed with a roar like thunder into the i caves at, the foot of the island and raged I right np to the landing-stage, sending the ! foatn and spray far above, over the cliffs. A sudden goat of wind drove the vessel right into the tiny port and against the dan gerous rock we have mentioned, on which it now remained fast, washed from stem to stern by the breakers. Not one of the ccowd of sailors present expected for a moment to save the vessel — all were only anxious for the lives of the fivo men on board ; but these were just beyond reach, and at present all their efforts were being directed towards flinging a rope acroBs the boiling chasm of water that separated their friends from safety. The moon burst forth suddenly as Tamzin pushed her way on to the landiog-p'ace and beheld the foaming Bea below her, while just opposite was John Eernick's vessel, looking as if each wave must make an end of it and send its planks drifting asunder. 4 Try again, mates,' cried a Trevenna man, once more hurling with all his might a strong rope weighted at the end across the gulf ; but both wind And wave were sgainBt him, and it fell short. 4 Save them — yon must save them V cried Tamzin ; and though her voice was drowned in the storm, the men about her saw her distress and pitied her. One or two women now joined the group, and among them was Pascho's sister, who had only just heard of the danger her brother was in. The girl wrung her hands as she saw the awful situa tion of the vessel, and, hardly knowing what she did, seized hold of Tamzin. Tamzin turned her beaotiful face toward her and marmured: 4 They mu?t— yes, they mast save them!' But the woman recoiled. 4Suve them 1 Ay, Tamzin, you may well sjy that — yoa that have been nearly the death of him with your cruel heart! There's not another like Pascbo all the country round, but he ain't the same man since you jilted him !' Tamzin had no time to answer, for sud denly there was a shout, or rather a groan, from all present as a huge wave swept over the vessel and broke her up as if she had been touchwood. But the tide was still all in favour of the sailors, and happily the moon was yet brilliant. 4 Ropes, ropes !' cried the men. 4 How's the time, mates ! If ihey can keep afloat Ave minutes we'll save them!' And there, sure enough, was one dark figure rising on the crest of a wave and evidently clinging to a plank. It was easy now to throw the rope ; and what a shout of joy arose when it was seized! and how willing were the bauds tbat hauled up the man who clung to it 1 4 Saved !' It was John Eernick who stood there among them, apparently little the worse for his ducking. John — John Eernick!' cried Tamzin, seizing him, 'Where's Pascho? Be can't swim like you ; Bave him — do 1' There was a muttered oath as John dashed away the salt water from his hair. The sailors had closed in again near the edge. Another bead had appeared — another effort was being made to save life. No one noticed Tamzin and John. 4 Is that the way you greet me, Tamzin, with your firs: words given to Pascho Fuge ?' 4 Nay ; thank God, you're saved ! But oh ! John, he mhst not die ;' and Tamzin fran tically tried again to edge herself in among the men, who were hoisting up another fellow-creature. It was one of the sailors, and he, too, was received with a shout, as he, like his captain, seemed none' the worse for his immersion. At the same moment, another man was literally flung on the steps leading to the beach, and waB only just rescued before a wave seized him ; but he, poor fellow waB stunned, and one arm hung broken by his side. Several volunteers at once bore him away to the village, which was no small act of charity on their part, considering that the excitement at the Port was at its height. 4 Pascho — Pascho !' shrieked his sister. 4 Yon muBt save him 1 echoed Tamzin, who had now struggled to the edge, while John Eernick kept close by her side, his face lowering with an angry, vengeful look. 4 There's another I they cried. A ron» a rope !' Battling, struggling, dinging to a mast, there, indeed, was another. It would have been impossible to recognise hin> had it not been lor his light, reddish hair. Yes, it must be Pasoho ; and Tamzin stretched oat her arms toward the man she had wronged, as it she must be the one to rescue him. Save him .1 she cried; he mustn't die I You didn t take on so about me, Tamzin/ said John Eernick, angrily, as other hands. n%u! ?'n 8Jt K?Pe,int0 weeing water. This nnworthv jealousy, exhibited at inch a moinent, suddenly angered Tamzin; her soul rebelled against it. She did not know fi hnJt spoken hard words to Pascho and at there was ill blood between them, though the miner had been true to his promise of keeping the peace. Be"Bed rope. Hold fast! they cried, for a tremendous ST uW£? 'm nd would certainly ; ngulf him before they could pull him up. J .®n< "Pfot itself against the rocky &t; onoe hoisted in .,16 required great oare, for Pascho could give but little help on his side ; he badbeen longer fighting for life, and was moreexhausted then the other two. Thank God !' said Tamzin, with a sob in ner voice, as they drew bitn<o the too', of the ieage and now began pulling him up. overwhelming feeling of jealousy suddenly seized John Eernick. tie bad been so proud of having won' Tamzin, so elated, over his euperior powers of fascination, the? now the devil seemed to have taken possession Pori118.8 "hen he heard her voice saying, Thank God !' with that little sob of relief in ft for John was dose to has fffie, and, without Tamzin knowing .it, he had seized! her waist. I Now, qaiok as lightning, he loosened his 1 hold, drew oat his clasp-knife, and, opening it, unperceived by the crowd be stooped down and slashed at the rope, cutting it half- through. Quickly it began to unwind, and heavier grew the weight it had to bear. In another second the so-oRied accident Was discovered. 4 The rope's cut agen the rocks!' cried the men, in consternation. Hold on a minute, Pascho Fbge ! Pull fently, boys, and heave him anotner rope. t's all up with him if he falls.' At these words. John Kernick's strong head reeled ; he slunk on cf the ii£ £lA ' made for himstlf, and once more who oy Tamzin's side. She was trying to see what was going on, trying to hear the shoot of rescue, when suddenly nti wrist was a gam seized by her lover. Listen, Tamziu, said John, iu a terrible voioe. 4 Do you hear me, girl? Toe lope's out, and I did it ! There's ho hope for him now I' Tamzin gave a little shriek, drowned, it is true, by the noise around her, but she wrenched away her hand. 4 You've killed him, John Kernick ! Let me go ! I must save him or die with hioi !' John held her back by main force. Hark, girl 1 It's loo late ; the rope's snapped 1 Curse me if you can !' True enough, a low groan of disappoint ment- and despair burst from the cro >0, and Bome one near Tamziu said : 4 Pascho Fuge is lost. The rope's cut, and he's fallen back into the Bea. God have mercy on him ! He was most nigh spent just now !' Tamzin gazed wildly at John. You've murdered him, John Kernick !' she exclaimed. 4 Leave go of me 1 How dare you touch' me? I never want to see you again !' Heaven help the man ihus seized with the terrible demon of jealousy. Heaven help him, indeed, when, having satisfied the feeling of revenge, be finds the fearful flood of remorse let in to drown his soul 1 John Kernick dashed away Tamzin's hand when he had led her from the edge of the rock, and then, flinging bimeelf np the slippery path leading over the bill, disappeared from sight. For a few oeoonds the girl darted after him, then paused, and tried to remember where she was. At last, moaning and shivering | like a child that has been hurt, she hurried J along up the road to the village and to her home. John had said so, and she knew it, too — Pascho could not survive another immersion in that awful sea. What had she heard? Had John Kernick spoken rightly. Had he cut the rope that was Pascho's safety? Tamzin shuddered, but at that moment she made up her mind irrevocably — nothing should ever draw the awful secret from her lips. John seemed suddenly dead to her, and who would think of accusing a dead man of murder ? Was be not already before his Judge? Her tetter iug steps could make but little way, and in five minutes she had accom plished but a third of the distance. Still the wind howled, and still it bore to her ears the shouts from the Port. Then she heard behind her the sound of several footsteps | hurrying in the same direction as herself. I Even before she looked round she knew what it was, and shrank back under the cover of a I projecting rock which overshadowed the path. Then in silence four men passed her, bearing between them a ' body decently covered with a sail. Tell me, is he dead?' she said, hurriedly, coming out from her shelter and touching one of the men with her hand. The men started, for they had not seen her. ' Ay, ay, he's dead, poor fellow; there was no living any longer in that sea.' 4 Yes, he said so, and it is true,' murmured Tamzin ; but the men had passed on, walk ing swiftly and steadily with their burden, and Tamzin followed more slowly, and fancied she was going to the churchyard, and that she was PaBcho's only mourner at the I funeral. I ' But I did love you, Pascho,' she said to herself, 4 only I was vain and foolish. It 1 was you as I oared for all along, Pascho, my dear ; I know it now it's too late.' Before Bhe reached her own home, the corpse and its hearers had disappeared, and, when she knocked, and Sally Rogers, all excitement and eagerness, opened the door, she saw a different Tamzin to the one who I had gone out an hour or so before. 4 Don't you ask me, Sally. I couldn't talk of it just now, but I will tell you one thing— there's many a sore heart In Trevenna to-night, but none so sore as mine.' John Kerniok's dead, then?' whispered Sally, awe-struck. 4 Nay, nay, not John Kernick but another,' and thereupon she laid her head upon the table and seemed lost to all around her. Sally felt that Tamzin bad seen something terrible, and, though she longed to hear the details, she would not leave her friend or tease her with questions, but after a while got her up stairs and undressed her, and spoke simple, comforting words to her ; nay, even lay down by her for fear she should have 4 visions ' of that dreadful scene, what ever it might have been, till at last, when I the stcrm abated, Tamzin Richards, worn out mentally and bodily, fell into a troubled sleep. The Trevenna men, having completed their work of rescue, hurried to their homes 1 again. These scenes were of too frequent occurrence to cause a great excitement, but in P&soho;'s house there was no going to bed that night ; and John Kernick, &b; he walked unhee ingly over the high land that skirted the coast, seemed, like Cain , of old, to defy the elements. Terrible is man's. remorse, and so awful was it to John Kernick that he could not think of the lesser evil that had come upon him, though in a vague way he waB all the time conscious of it. He bad ' killed his rival ; ay, and by his own words to Tamzin hie had forever loEt all chance of her love. Once he passed by the slate quarries, and, had he not known every inch of the way, he might have easily slipped over the black gulf which bordered tbe path. For one moment Kernick thought he would end life and bis remorse by throVing himself down one of the black pits, but he dared not j face death and etermt£with this burden on bis conscience, no, even though he now and en half-fancied that he Himself was the regeagle whose story he knew so well; 8l8 would fihil nim cut, and the' i" soul if ho aied that night, i Lit -uhffd Ticgeagle'a spirit at i Taih L. was mo mng before the uiio came back . it were, to his | igut sense?. Looking around, he saw that ie va,,,, 8.j very far i.io.a TreVenna. Am irresistib.e desire once mure to see Tamzin posEt. seed him ; he would again hear from hacreA of /him and of his deed, ana then he would leave the country and go beyond seas. But with t- e daylight oame humbler nga, aa< fche strong man, who had not p'vijto or years, liiicd up his heart to God, "ua sod that tu -i punishment might be on earth «nd not in the after life, If, as was certainly the case, the devil had that night fought for the kojI of John Kernick, the man s good angel had fought also, and had prevailed. i with misery and exertion, John Kernick, footsore and terribly haggard, Btood before tbe Richaxds's cottage that ; morning, just as the familiar village sightB aud sounds were beginning to wake up, for they were early folk In Trevenna, despite tut night's excitement. Old Richards himself was opening his shutters, or what acte » as 8uca m a place where thieves were not thought ol, and, looking around, he perceived John Kernick standing by hiB side. 'Weicome back, my son,' said the old man, nodding. Where hast been all night? It was a uare chance for thee .yester-eve, they say. I ve been seeing one of your men, who told me all about it ; he came here looking for you.' The ordinary tone -did much toward restor ing John's presence of mind. flow's Tam zin?' be said slowly, though he found it hard to speak her name. 4 1 heard Tamzin a-coming down just now ; maybe she's in the back room. Go iu, my son ; my old woman's a-bed to-day with the rheumatics, so I'm the i-t&y; o' the house ; bus Sally Rogers gavte us a helping hand last night— a kind s ul is Sally, out she's gone home now.' John Kernick did not hear half these homely words; he only took in that Tamzin' was in the back room alone. He would go and see her, and then fly forever from Trevenna. He walked slowly across the shop and opened the inner door, and there sat Tamzin by the window, her back to him, gazing out with a terribly sad and altered i face on the tiny glimpse of the distant sea whioh was there visible. The raging waves had calmed themselves ; they were now but j 4 white horses' sweeping majestically in to wards the land. The girl did not look round till John Kernick said in a low voice — 4 Tamzin !' He expected her to turn upon I him as he well knew that an angry woman j could do, and he meant to bear her reproaches ! patiently, but inBtead of this Tamzin almost wearily put her head on his arm. I 4 John Kernick, I'm glad you're come. I've been wanting to see you, just to say one thing. I acted wrong to you ; if you sinned t — and that shall he between vou and me for- ever—I , too, sinned terribly. Forgive me, John. Last night I saw my heart as it was in reality. I have been proud and vain all my life. I gave my word to a man as touched my pride, but all the same I loved another — | hirp. as had been waiting for me so long ; j him as' — her voice faltered — 4 1 shall see in Heaven, John Kernick, apd for whom I must wait till I die. Give me back my word, John ; it has only brought evil on us both. Ah, John, I followed his corpse last night, and .my heart seemed to go straight out of me into his grave, and that's how it will be till the end.' 4 There's no maid as need marry a murderer,' said John, slowly, not daring to j look up. 4 I'll never wed in this life. I came j but to bid thee good-bye, Tamzin. I'm 1 going beyond the seas. You'll sometimes speak—' 4 Hush !' said Tamzin. 4 There's someone talking in the shop. Good- bye, John Kernick. I can't take your hand — not now, not yet ; but mayhap some day, when I'm an old woman. , Neither of them noticed that the door was quietly opened behind them ; neither of i them, for a few seconds, was aware of any one entering, till suddenly there came the words: John Kernick, I've not oome to disturb ye, but only just to shake hands wi' ye. .We mast never have .hard words again after last I night's work. Shake hands, man ! The Lord forbid you and I should have any bitter j feelings atween us.' j Tamzin stood paralysed, for there before I her was Pascho — nay, not Pascho, but his I wraith, who had oome to forgive John ! Kernick, and to show her how to forgive. I John, also, was too much surprised to take J the hand that was stretched out to him. I 4 Pascho, is it you and not your ghost ?' I cried Tamzin, brave as usual, suddenly seizing his hand. 4 Pascho, speak to me ! I thought you were dead.' 4 Nay, nay, Tamzin, I was saved ; 'twas the poor sailor as was drowned. But had it been the Lord's will, I would fain have taken his place, save for my mother's sake. She and my sister were sore troubled when they I brought me home well-nigh spent. But I'm I that strong a bit of a wetting is nothing to I me-' Pascho, feeling Tamzin's hands clasped round his arm, was warming up to his subject. He thought that even to see this look on her sweet face it was good he had lived. After all, she did care a bit for him, ! if not in thai way. But he was hardly pre- | pared for Tamzin— proud Tamzim— bursting into tears, and saying : 4 Thank God a thousand times, Pascho, that you're not dead. John Kernick, give him your hand ; there'll never be any words betwixt yon again.' 'God helping me, never, said "-John Kernick, wringing the quarrymap's hand as if he would wring it off. Pascho did not know, was never to know, what his life was to John, for it brought a happiness far better and higher than, his death would have done. Asjjlii'e was forgiveness for the repentant thief the cross, so surely iB there for tbe contrite, murderer, or for the one whom God has saved from the natural result of his own wickedness. 4 Ay, ay, Pascho Fuge, there'll never be any more words betwixt us. Tamzin, let me tell him; don't be afraid of me any more. Tamzin's found out as it's you as she loves, and we've agreed between us it's best so. If I have loved her, : why, so have you, and more truly, too, and may God forgive all our mis takes! I'm going now; but just tell me, Pascbo, how was you saved ?' They were - hauling up the rope, when it got cm agen Hie rocks, and I fell back. I give myself over then for lost, as I was well- nigh epeiii, wnen just by me they flung down another rope with a loop iu it. God gave me strength to slip it round me, for I never should have bad power to hold on to it ; aud so they hauled me in much as if I had been a log. But what's this, Tamzin — it ain't true, be it ?' 4 Ay, man, it's true enough,' said John Kernick, dashing away a tear from his eye ; 4 aud you're worthy of her, Pascho ; God bieES thee 1' 