Before the Curtain. Theatre Royal. — " At leaving even the most unpleasant people And places, one keeps looking at the steeple." So wrote that naughty poet, Byron, about that naughtier scapegrace, Juan, and of his " takinc off." after that, little eseavm.de with TWinn Julia, the details of which should never have been published. So, too, we cannot leave " Sweet Hal" without a parting tear ! But in the " Romany Rye" we resume Mr. Rignold's acquaintance under circumstances which tax the actor's skill to make up for the author's defects. It is no longer, as in Henry V., a question of Messrs. Shaks- peare and Rignold ; now we are concerned with Messrs. Rignold, Allison, and Co. — especially the Co. The " Romany Rye" can scarcely be said to be a drama at all. As a matter of fact, we believe it was thrown off during the intervals of Mr. G. R. Sims' more serious writing, and it bears upon it the evidence of hasty, ill-considered work. For anyone scene almost any other might be substituted, handy-dandy, without detriment ; for of dramatic continuity there is scarce a trace. And yet the piece is an immense success, as crowded houses nightly testify. Why ? Firstly, because the " Romany Rye" is a stringing together of scenes and situations which, though they give but little scope for high-class acting, afford im mense opportunities to the scene painter, the mechanist, the stage manager, and the property-man. and they have been fully availed of. The scenery is extremely artistic, and the play is altogether one of the most perfectly " mounted " that we have seen for a long time. Secondly, because, while the representation of life is somewhat sordid, and the dialogue charged with turgidity, the latter is often very clever, and becomes, as it were, so many pegs to hang character- playing on. Joe Beckett, Boss Knivet, McCarthy and the Gipsy King, sweet little Gertia, Ruth Adrian, Mother Shipton, and others are all character-parts ; and it is in the rendering of such that the Theatre Royal supremely shines. To criticise in detail thirty-five impersonations would be impossible : to single out two or three, where all are good, invidious, Suffice it that the whole Company pull well together, from Mr. Rignold, with his easy unexaggerated playing of the Romany Rye himself, down to the costermonger supers" and the splendid dog. The play was not brought out till it had been thoroughly and efficiently rehearsed ; and every part and parcel of it falls into its due place, and works with the smoothness of well-oiled machinery. Mr. Punch began by seeing the last act, and finished with the first, and always drops in to see " the Thames by moon light," so as to get a whiff of Fleet-street and No. 85. The Romany Rye is a thing to see ! 1 Gaiety Theatre. — Mr. Sheridan has repeated his performance of " Hamlet," and, of course, Mr. Punch went to see it. He likes Mr. Sheridan's " Hamlet." He likes his legs. Not that his legs are the best part of his "Hamlet," as Mr. P.'s Young Man explained a fort night back ; but they "are not the worst. Mr. Sydney Punch lately went home to see his idolized Pa pa. And during the whole visit, his intercourse with the sabley Prince (sabley Prince is good !) whose dyspeptic " hue of resolution " simply indicates the " exhibition " of the Blue Pill that Job Spanker proposed to administer to "the Blighted Being," was confined to the medium of Mr. Henry Irving. And valuable as is the light thrown by this accomplished actor on the u" Hamlet motif, his actual embodiment of the character inva- riably left on Mr. Punch an ineffacable impression of lucifer matches, so that he feels it a relief to meet, once more, with a " Hamlet " possessed of real manly understandings, and not perambulating the stage upon an attenuated pair of double-jointed dividers. But joking apart — and we are sure Mr. Sheridan will pardon us — for Sydney Punch without his joke, would be like "Hamlet " with the Prince left out, — Mr. Sheridan's masterly impersonation of the chief character gains with increasing stage familiarity. The solilo quies are more effective, " trifles light as air " are more sedulously cared for, and the treatment of the scene with the gravedigger is remarkably happy. The performance goes altogether better than at first, and is im proved by Mr. West's excellent impersonation of the Ghost, while Mr. Sam Poole efficiently replaces Mr. Vivian as First Gravedigger. The company are now well up in their respective parts, and make more of them. Miss Davenport's Ophelia improves each time she plays it : only we could welcome a little more attention to the true sound of English vowels. So promising an artiste should not sing Val i ntine. There is a marked amelioration in the stage arrangements, as well as in the comfort of the audience, since Mr. Bayless has "resumed the shape we thought he had put off," and is " all there " again himself. This leads Toby to believe the charwoman must have purchased a new duster. He says Mr. B. evidently thinks, like Toby, senior — If you want a thing done, tell your serva ' to do it : If you want it well done, go and do it yourself. Mr. P. devotes his sapient mind to " enterprises of great pith and moment," but Toby is "a snapper up of unconsidered trifles." Bless his canine heart ! He saves Mr. P. a deal of trouble. On Monday evening, the highly emotional play, entitled " Camille." was produced, with Miss Davenport in the title part. " Camille" is an adaption, for the stage, of Alexandre Dumas, fils' celebrated novel " La Dame aux Camelias," and is best known in the operatic form of " La Traviata." Thanks to the pathetic acting of Mddle. Piccolomini, seventeen years ago, a nasty story was rescued from the obscurity it merited, and galvanized into life by that young lady's talent. Miss Davenport follows closely, though of course un wittingly, on the pretty little singer's lines. She is the beginning, the middle, and the end of the play. Her " Camille" is a sweet attractive girl, with all the truest womanly instinct within her, but fallen into the tempter's net, while already her early bloom has suffered from the impending destiny of phthisical death. Suddenly, a deep and pure true love lifts her from out her former self, developing all that is noblest within her, till the miserable wretch, her would-be husband's father, consigns her to the worst of executioners — a broken heart. Through every phase of this trying character Miss Davenport gave an essen tially womanly reading of the part. Her gay insoucience, her heart breaking struggles between love and so-called duty, and her passing from earth's sorrows, as her lover rushes in ©nly to see her die, were all admirable, and showed Miss Davenport to be possessed of higher histrionic powers than we had given her credit for. We like Mr. Sheridan much better in high tragedy than melodrama. Men of the present day neither think nor speak upon the stilts, and Mr. Sheridan scarcely bears this sufficiently in mind. It was only Charles Kean who was wont to dispute, in tragic tones, the price the butcher charged him for his mutton chops. Still Mr. Sheridan was effective as Armand Duval, and scored an excellent point in the fourth act upon the words : " Did you speak to me, sir?" More easy and unconven tional was Mr. Cates as the Count de Varville. Mr. Stark made all that could be made out of the vilest-drawn of heavy fathers, le pere Duval ; and in the last act Mr. Sam. Poole, as Gaston, infused some delicate touches of pathos into his acting, which the audience apparently mistook for farce. The appetite of Mdme Prudence (Miss Melville) grew a little too much " with what it fed on," and Mr. Punch would certainly prefer to keep this stalwart dame a week than a fortnight. On Saturday will be given " Arrah-na-Pogue." Opera House. — The Polks get Polkier than ever every night. Mr. Punch never goes to see them, if he can help it, as .his account of the performance, next day, so convulses the whole office that he doesn't get a stroke of work done. Heads of firms, and materfamilias with Australian servants, rigorously eschew " The Strategist !" But there ! there is to be a change of programme, so our advice is needless. " Boccaccio " will be a treat. The Larrikin lash has been Tighe d in the House. A Knotty pun. 