innlv 'HUM n ; a:n 1j— | i'our w kmc.* HY MllS. W. STEWAKT SMYTHi:. j Chai'ter;XIII.—Until Death dsj?do.,Paiit. St. Matthias's, where I am to ber^niirried, is only about ton minutes drive ft$ii:jthis. Kate and Amy came in iiere to my rhoin be-i fore they left; for me to see them and fcirShi'in to see mo. The interview was on bothsides highly satisfactory, I think. I left the choice of their costumes entirely to the two girls, only' premising that they Bhould be very unlike, mine. "Have something different," I asked; and they have gratified me. The weather al ready is cold, a foretaste of the coming wiutor, arid the two bridesmaids are attired in most becoming toilette's of violet velvet and silk mixed, than which, I decide, there could be nothing prettier. As for me, I am dressed in whito silk, rich lustrous, plain white silk, made simply without any unnecessary trim mings. From my head depends a lace veil, md the face my glass reflects, is a very fair one. My boy and I are going to^London first, by the four o'clock train to-day, and thence to Ireland. Will asked me what I would think of Wicklow'as a wedding trip, and I felt I might as woll go there as anywhere else. The very last moments are passing by, and at any ininute papa may summon me. Oh ! Duke my darling! my lost love, I'm going to put another barrier between us, if only you were to bo the bridegroom, 'what unutterable bliss would then be mine. It is such a cold autumn day, I think it seems as a sort of omen. Al though I am so young, not yet have I num bered two and twenty years,. still I feel the best of my life is over—the spring has come forme; and also the summer is past; this is the autumn ; and only the winter doth yot re main. What forebodings ! What thoughts to fill the heart of a young bride ! At this stage, in my meditations I am called, .and my father and I enter the carriage. together. Ten minutes see us at the church, it is crowded. The Crosbie's are so well-known, and so aro we, that it could not, woll be otherwise. Dad leads me up the aisle,' dear old man, he looks sorrow/ill enough;'- I think—I do think that1 lis cares for me, a little luore dearly than ho does for Kate; I don't know why it should boj so, but I feel it nevertheless. I have been more with, him, have tormented and teased, and troubled arid caressed him, all by turns, ai>d we understand and love each other tlinrono-hlv. Will is waiting, so also are Messrs. Forrester and Severn, looking out for their respective' bridesmaids, who follow papa and me. My! boy is a bridegroom to be: pro.id of, his fair; honest face looking thoroughly happy, and his,' figure showing to the utmost advantage in his; well-nmde clothes. We take our places, and: the service commences. Everything proceeds; smoothly, and ah me! how terribly swiftly. No one enters the church to fcrbid thebanns. In a very few minutes it will be finished. It is all passing as a dream to me. .Some 0110 asks—"Who giveth this woman to be married to this man," and then Dad steps forward and. indicates that he is t/uil individual; then there is an indistinct murmuring, and I feel Will putting a ring upon my finger. After this, more words from the Rev. Mr. Fleming, which might be Greek to ine, so little' do I compre hend. Afterwards I hear clearly and distinctly the sentence, " I pronounce that they be man and wife together in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, Amen." I understand this. ■ I know that now I am Will's, to have and to hold henceforward for ever more. I am married, it is over, and I, God help me, still worship with my whole heart, and soul, and strength, Duke Ullioi, my one, only love, a very prince amongst men. 