i THE LATE ihTEHKATIOHAL MATCH. Bi'Min-oir. \- The unexpected termination of the Inter colonial match on tho 10th, : and tho postpone ment of tho International until tho 17th, loft mo with a clear- week in Sydney beforo the com mencement of tho last-named contest. Never before has such a week of anxious anticipation beon experienced in Australia, and the far-famed city of Sydney had certainly during that period got a sovcro attack of (ticket en tho brain. Stroll into tho Royal, where Mr. Rignold was delighting largo audiences with his representa tion of Henry V., and between tho acts the- King, Flnollen and Pistol had to stand aside in favor of Murdoch, Palmer and Blackham, On tho trams tho conversation was similarly monopo lised. If four or fivo persons were to bo seen together in conversation at a street corner, it was safe to take 6 to 4 thoy wcro discussing tho prospects of Our Beys in tho coming great ovent, and it is' needless to add that in the commercial rooms of all the hotels nothing clso was talked about. No sooner hod the Englishmen returned from Queensland .than it became evident that tho journey had done them no harm, and when they reappeared on tho Association Ground to practiso every man in the team showed splendid form. Both teama indulged in heavy preparatory work, starting in the morning each day at about ten o'clock, lunching on tho ground and practising hard alttlie aftornoon. The Englishmen had de cided to leavo Vernon ont again, Morloy having remained in Sydney to recruit his hoolth while tho others wore in Queensland, but tho Aus tralians-deferred their final selection until ten minutes beforo tho match commenced. Taking all things into consideration, tho ultimate de cision of the Match Committee met with general approbation, although not a few wcro found who thought that Jones should havo bad preeedence of Evans. Tbo former was certainly in better form than ho had shown sinco tho Intercolonial match of last season, whilst tho veteran was by his best'frieads admitted to have lost his once wonderful bowling power. Evans, however, was hatting . woll, and his excellence in. the field lias been so often shown that a place in tho team could scarcoly havo been denied him. Tho respective captains having agreed that four wickots should ho used during the match, tho . all-important toss was won by . Ivo Bligb, to the great dolight of his comrados, and at noon on Saturday the Australians took the field. The first hour's play proved too severe a strain for Giffen's injured kneo, and although tlio crock South Australian batted in both, innings, Murdoch had. to run for him, anil Jones fielded for him throughout tho match. Tho Englishmen started on a capital wickot, and compiled the- ex cellent score of 263, but tho detailed scores will show that tho batting was unusually " patchy,", only five securing double figures, and A. G. Stoel making more than half tlio runs. The Australians experienced their first slice of bad luck through Swift failing to see a palpable, catch at tho wickets by Biackliam off Midwinter, which gave C. T. Studd a life, which ho utilised by com piling 48 runs in most perfect, style. Steel's colossnl. score was tho result of. splendid batting,- combined with a fair share of lack. Tbo cbanco ho gave to Blackham in the early part of his innings was certainly ' a difficult one, hut' at 3/ Bonnor missed him in the slips, a chance which the leviathan hitter would certainly tako ninety-nine times out of a hundred. Tbo result was a terrible blow to the Australians, as Steel brought his score up to 133. Throughout his long stay at the wickets tho celebrated Lan cashire amateur playod splendid cricket, cutting with tremendous power, and driving on both sides with great vigor and correctness, while his leg hitting was perfect. The Australians re sponded' to their opponents' first essay with 262, or 1 riih less than tho English innings, and although nono could equal Steel's total tho bat ting throughout was moro consistent than that of tlio visitors, soven doublo figures' appearing in tho liBt. Bonnor, who mado 87, played tho moBt remarkable innings on record, and although his lino dclcnco and gracoful stylo - woro shown to (ho best advantage during tho greater part of tho timo when ho played the game hiB hitting was singularly ineffective and insecure, tho full face of tho bat boing rarely brought to bear. . Eight undeniable chances wero given by tho giant smiter, and tho English public will have a tare conundrum to solve when they hear that Steel missed him no less than four times, all chances that, an ordinarily good fields man should havo taken and two of them absurdly easy. Blackham piayed magnificent cricket for his 57 and never gave the ghost of a show to tbo field. The stylo in which his xuub were mado has been called peculiar by some critics, but to my mind the celobrated wicketkcopcr oxhibited tho most perfect judgment. The wicket had be- cpmo fearfully treacherous when ho wontin, but ho mastered its difficulties by going out fear lessly and playing tho ball at tho pitch before it had timo to do anything. Giffon, who 1 tako to he the most, improved batsman in Australia, compiled his runs in beauti ful stylo, his off driving being a treat to witness. Tho surprise of tho innings was un doubtedly tbo form shown by Evans and Boylo, who mado a long stand under very great difficul ties, - Tho former plnycd a stubbornly defensive game, and dofipd ail tlio bowlers, who, on a wretched wickot, peppered Mb fingers most un mercifully ; but Boylo hit with great freedom, and at tho same time showed fino'dcfence. The Australians' porformanco was highly creditable, and withal wonderfully good, for tho wicket, which at tho start of tho InningB looked a per fect picture, played very badly. Tbo south end was protty good all day, but tho northern pitch was ono of tho worst I have seen for many a day in good weather, and tho Australians' 262 would certainly havo been worth 330 tinder moro favor able eircnmstancos. On Monday night a con siderable quantity of rain fell, materially damag ing tho Englishmen's ' prospects of making a long score, but, althoughthe wicket was eVidantly affected considerably it did not play quite so badly as tho Australians' wicket had done during tboir first innings. Tho English team set to work in a manner which showed that thoy were rcso- lutoiy determined to mako tho best of thoir cbanco, G. T. Studd and Barlow making an cxcol- lent start. Tho amafour. again played beautiful cricket. Mb splondid stand at tho wickets and lino forward play bciijg tho thomo 01 general admira tion, Barlow was not quito happy In the early part of his innings, but oxhibited his character. iBtic patienco in tho compilation of liis 20 runs. I have a stiong opinion, 'howover, that of allAus- tralian bowlora the stonowallor likes Midwinter tho least, and cortainly does not play Mm with confidence. . Loalio scored his 19 quickly and well, and Stool playod another very fine innings. Tho latter is lit splondid batting form, and, like C. T, Studd, greatly improved sinco liis first ap pearance in Australia, Bates.was decidoly tho lion of tho socond innings, and bat for his determined stand in company with' .Denies, tho Englishmen would havo been out of it at tlio closo ol tho- third day. Tho Yorkshiroman showed hie usual;. freedom, without his toe ire- quont rcckicssncss, and his 48 not out was, per haps, tho best innings ho lias over played in tuo colonics.' Barnes assisted him ably, playing remarkably Bafo cricket, and tho two protcs- sionals looked set for tho remainder of tlio day, when 'Boylo' cloverly caught and- bowled tbo Not tingham-batsman. -Ivo Bligh showed excellont form for hie lOruns,- keeping tho haU wclf down, and his dismissal- by Murdoch at point was one of tho smartest bits -of fioldingono ceulu wteh to see. Tho unprecedented' cxcitcmont which has attcndod'thia rcraarkahlo match from the start was at a white heat en Wednesday, when tho Australians had to mako 199 runs to win. Each aido was equally confident of tho re sult, and tho teams equal favorites in public estimation. Tho feeling that a couplo of hundred "wanted more making when it was to decido tho; result of tho match than under other circumstances, however, led many to go straight for tho Englishmen's chance. Murdoch, who has picked up a deal. of the. form which had no doubt, temporarily deserted him, decided to accompany Banncrmon to tho wickets, and a grand start thoso two old companions in arms made. Alick gave Tylccoto a chanca which was declined when ho had mado 7, but from that stago nover mado a singlo miBtako. Ho must no longer bo called a stonowaller, for he has deve loped positivo brilliancy in his batting, without howererin tho least- dc-rco impairing the -im pregnable defenco which first gainod for him tlio lobrlquet. Murdoch played a winning gamo all over, and finding that the howling had 110 terrors for Alick, who scored with great rapidity, used his fins defenco to keep up the wicketnndlet Bannerman firo way. Bonnor and Horan wcro summarily dismissed, hutGiffenstommcdthe tide which it was feared had sot in when theso two good batsmen were disposed of so cheaply. Giffen was painfully tamo, but batted superbly ; every bail to which b® went out wag met with the full force " of ' tho ' hat and driven bard along the ground, and when Tylecote at last stumped him, tho South Australian was loudly cheered as he limped back to tho parilion.. Tbo best batting performance in tbo wholo match was Blackham'a second innings. When ho joined Giffen 92 runs wore still required, and the' spectators were by no means happy yet, but Blackham soou- estab lished confidence, and at a critical stage of the tamo put together perhaps tho finest innings ho as over played. Tbo care with which ho nego tiated the bowling- (which was splendid, hy tho way), may bo jndged from tho largo number of singles iuhisscoro, butwhonevcrtheleast cbanco offered tho wood was laid on with a vengeance, and the winning hit, a brilliant cnt for 4, was one of the best ho- had mado, and n worthy finish to a magnificent innings. A word of praise is duo to Midwinter, who played with perfect confidence nnd without tbe slightest anxiety to score, seeing that Blackham must win tho match Bliaping as ho was. It would bo well if all our prominent players would follow Midwinter's example and play as ho did, moro for his siclo than for himself. Tlio cheer which greeted tho winning stroke I thought would nover subside. All through tho partnership of Blackham nud Giffen the crowd had been absolutely simmering, and tho cheering was at times- almost hysterical. Never in the history of Australian cricket has such excitement been seen oil a ground, and the policemen present might ns well have attcmptod to quell tbe tempest as try to keep the excited thousands from taking possession of the ground and calling loudly for tlio prominent players. A most pleasing feature in tlio match was the im partiality with which tho applausowas bestowed, and tho Siiorttmailliko spirit of tbo spectators which was thns exemplified was' especially grati fying to tbo lossre. Tbe fielding on both sides was patchy, and in tbo first innings of tho Aus tralians tbe catches missed by the Englishmen wero totally inexcusable ; 111 tlio second innings great improvement was shown on both sides. Amongst tlio Australians Murdoch and Boylo were decidedly, tlio best, but on tho last day G. , B, Stndd eclipsed them ail. Finer fielding has nover been seen in- Australia,- and repeatedly wore his marvellous efforts erected with ringing cheors. Blackham and Tyleeoto were both in good form behind tbo wickets, and in tbo second innings tho latter showed to particular ad vantage. Although tho bowling on both sides was gooff, 116 sensational performance has to ho recorded, tbo hatting being too strong. "Boyle and St'c'el respectively car ried off tho honors, and each .thoroughly deserved bis position. The former oxhibited lino all round form to tho great delight of his many friends, who loudly asserted that tho loss of tho two previous matches was. owing to liis omission, an opinion pretty freely endorsed 011 all hands. I look upon tho match just concluded as the only one of tho four which has been at all a fair test of the retativo strength of Mr. Bligh's team and tho best eleven of Australia, and tho result strengthens my formerly expressed opinion that both teams thoroughly fit, and lack equally divided, the colonials would win a substantial majority in a scries of matches. . Tho hen. Ivo Bligh, who is certainly tho most popnlar English cricketer that ever visitod Aus tralia, showed how good a loser ho is hy tho hearty way in which ho ' 'congratulated Murdoch 011 ,ii victory which ho eonfccsed had been woll and.fairly gained. Murdoch expressed a wish that a deciding match botweon- England and Australia might bo playod in Melbourne in stead of tho return match against Victoria, but nothing definito was arranged. Thus ended tho greatest cricketing enmival ever held in Australia, bringing to a termination my stay in Sydney, which had been rendered especially enjoyable through the uniform kindness of Mossrs. Gibson, P. Sheridan nnd G. W. Ileal and other prominent members of tho New South Wales Cricketing As sociation, whoso courtesy and hospitality I shall long remember. 