GeQeral Mews. There are now fully 30,000 wlieelmen in the United States, and the popularity of the bicycle is increasing, In England over 5,OO0 bicycles are used in the mail service, and there are at least 250,000 English wheelmen. A Parsee is reported to have saved up wards of 100 lives* during the flood at Surat, by swimming out on the swollen river and rescueing people from drifting timber, &c.; The following is from tlie London World:-" I have scarcely met with any thing more unsportsmanlike than the I conduct of our friends the Australian cricketers. The result of the visit of j 1882, as 1 have previously informed my readers, was that each player, after his return, received some £700 as his share of the pecuniary profit of the trip. One jFould, in all conscience, think such a stun i-vio'.igU itso'f, without taking into i consideration the other advantages cf the journey. But 110 : our Australian cousins have cast an avaricious eye upon the in come derived from tlia private stands of cricket-grounds wherewn they played, and insist that, if they come to England in 1884, such takings shall be divided with them, the same as are the ordinary j receipts. Nothing but contempt can be j expressed for such rapacity; and it is highly gratifying to find that our crickct authorities have very decisively refused i to entertain the suggestion. It is difficult to reconcile the position of a gentleman cricketer with that of a haggler over . ' gate money.' " | The Contemporary draws a saddening j picture of the condition of the lower ! classes in England. It is observed! " The admirably logical social life that religiously shuts all the museums and picture galleries OH the Lord's day, and opens all the gin shops; that is never tired of iterating that the proper sphere of womau is home, and. brings up . its 20,000 female orphans in large pauper barracks, from which the last touch of home life has disappeared; that goes to meetings and loudly preaches thrift to the people, and then gruffly whispers in their ear by guardians of the poor, ' Only be drunk and spendthrift enough, and we will house you and provide for your old age that goes to church and preaches that the body is the temple of the Holy Ghost, and leaves the people to litter down like pigs at night - men and women, girls and boys together in tene ments where no rich man would think of stabling his horses ; that goes to school and teaches its children the three R's, and leaves them in <?ens of infamy to learn the fourth It, by every sight and sound of the day and night, ruin of body and soul; that virtuously declaim sagaiust the harlot yet leaves its little girls to be brought tip in brothels; that believes that a fatal dis order is undermining the national health, and shuts the doors of its hospitals against it, and denies it the public means of cure ; that legally protects the heiress up to 21, and refuses to protect the poor man's daughter even at 16 from the trade of vice ; that holds that the man is the re sponsible head of the woman, and throws the blame and. disgrace on the woman leaves abundant cause togcomplain of the methods of our moral life." REMEMBER THIS.-If you are sick Hop Bitters will surely aid Nature in making you well when all else fails. If you are costive or dyspeptic, or are suffering from any other of the numerous diseases of the stomach or bowels, it is your own fault if you remain ill, for Hop Bitters is a sovereign remedy in all such complaints. If yon are wasting away with any form of Kidney disease, ttop tempting Death this moment, and turn for a cure to Hop Bitters. If you are sick with that terrible Bickness Nervousness, you will find a "Balm in Gilead" in the use of Hop Bitters. If you are a frequenter, or a resident of a miasmatic district, barricade your system against the scourge of all countries -- malarial, epidemic bilious, intermittent fevers-by the use of Hop Bitters. If you have rough, pimply, or sallow skin, bad breath, pains and aches, and feel miserable generally, Hop Bitters "will give you fine skin, rich blood, and j swetest breath, health, and comfort. In short they cure all Diseases of the stomach, j Bowels, Blood, Liver, Nerves, Kidneys, Bright's Disease. £500 will be paid for the case they will not cure or help. Druggists and Chemists keep. That poor, bedridden, invalid wife, sister, mother, or daughter, can be made the picture of health, by a few bottles of Hop Bitters, costing but a trifle, Will you let them suffer ?-Adrt. The paper in Harper on Political Honors in China, directs attention to the severe laws which in that country govern the pro motion of candidates for political prefer ment. The competitive educational tests last for a long series of years, and after lifelong training very few can attain to the highest positions. Those who wield the administrative power have large discre tionary authority, and it seems that these powers are rarely abused, owing in large part to the confidence the masses have in being able to secure immediate redress from those higher in power. The punish ment for theft is not carried out in the case of a man who steals a loaf because he is hungry. The Chinese believe in making laws to enable the needy to help themselves; to assist the deserving poor to earn their living by any and every means not conflicting with the unquestioned rights of their neighbor. Their laws are framed to let men live, and not to enrich the administrators of the law. Whatever controversies arise between the people, such differences must be adjudicated upon by the authorities free of cost to all the parties concerned. THICK HEADS. - Heavy Stomachs, bilious conditions-Wells' " May Apple Pills"-anti-bilious cathartic. 6d. and Is Moses, Moss, & Co., Sydney. Genera Agents. ! Deau Macartney and the Rev. R. B. Dickinson write to the Southern Cross : " Considering the grave importance of the discussion initiated by Mr. Justice Higinbotham on the integrity of the Bible, the reasonableness of creeds, and the teaching power of the church, may we suggest, through you, that Christian people should make it a matter of special prayer that God would overrule this dis cussion to His glory and the good of his church ? In these days of ' trouble, re buke, and blasphemy,' from superstition, agnosticism, and secularism, and also from the advocacy of half- truths, but which are really as houses .without foundations, that must soon fall, we feel-in common, we are sure, with all Christ's servants -that our only hope is in His name ' who has made, heaven and earth.' It must bo understood that we by no means allude to Mr. Higiubotham's lecture as ' blasphemy,' but we, with very many others, are convinced that though ho would abhor the thought, he has, been (unconsciously, we believe) preparing the way for the rejection of the essential truths of the gospel of Christ." WELLS "ROUGH ON CORNS."-Ask for Wells' "Rough on Corns" f^d. Quick relief, complete permanent cure. Corns warts, Bunions. The following information will be of interest to those who have given attention to the social purity question, concerning which so much has been said of late. On the receipt of the returns of illegitimate births in South Australia for 1881, Mr. Hayter, the Government Statist in Vic toria, was so struck with the smallness of the number that he wrote to Mr. Cleland, the Registrar-general in this colony, ex pressing his surprise and asking if Mr. Oleland thought the number, 244, re presented all the illegitimate births which took place in South Australia during 1881\. He says :-" The figures furnish a proportion to the total births of only one illegitimate birth in 45, whereas in Vic toria the proportion in the same year was as high as one in 20. The proportion in the other Australian colonies approxi mates to the proportion in this colony." It may be mentioned that the returns for 1882 show the number of illegitimate births in 18S2 to have been less than in the previous year, so that in this matter tko position of South Australia is highly favorable ivhen compared with that of"the other fyilciMves.. 