KIT: A MEMORY.-BY JAMES PAYtf, ' Author ojv'Lost Sib Massinpbebd,' ' By Pboxy,'' High SpibJts,'. ''Undeb One Roof,' .'? AJGbawi pbom a Thobn.' JMit j ii j r (ii ?? ' ^» i ? ? — ? — p ? . . ' i . CHAPTEjR LI. GHOST Oil NO GHOST ? On a certain September evening Mark Medway was returning home later- than his wont from one of his solitary walks. He had been. visiting a favourite haunt, the ruins of Trenarvon Castle, where ,we first met him. with his two friends ; it was but ft few years ago, but change has been busy with him and them. Frank Meade, indeed, save as respects his health, is little altered, nor is his present position in life different from what it Wight reasonably be expected to be ; he nssists his father in his profession, and has a practice on his own account that is increasing; while as to his relations with Mark they would be as mendly as ever, and with a nearer bond, if Mark himself would but permit it. But Mark is another man. His clear-cut attractive face has grown thin and haggard ; his quiet scholar-like look has changed °ne of suspicion and unrest ; there is something in his eyes ™h makes Dr. Meade look grave, when Mrs. Medway is not atiiand, to whom he still speaks with cheerfulness and hope. «o and she alone know how Mark's father came by his end. And Kit— poor Kit, whose light laugh used to ring through yonder copae, and his smile enhance the sunshine, where arc his gibes and his merriment now ? It is of Kit, wo may be sure, that lark ia thinking, aa he paces sentry-like beneath the deserted , . part. IIere ^ was that ho had told that curious incident of is boyhood, how in jest he had sold himself to the foul fiend, to 1 1 had rcmindecl Frank how they two had agreed to meet getner once again even though death should have divided them. \- The' moon was rising,' and silvering the waste of waters with ? its cold gleam, but not a .ship was 'in sight. : Mark remembered that he had been told in the town that day, that a certain vessel bound for Itio, which had, lain in the harbour forsome days: at the quay that fronted the .Dovecote, was to sail with- the tide that night; the tide was due, and what little wind there was was fair for the ship ; but she still delayed. Mark was watching: for her with that dreamy interest which sometimes arises, respecting some extraneous object, when the mind is otherwise1 deeply preoccupied ; or perhaps it was through some instinct of association with Kit himself) who had been'wont to takedqlight in such occurrences. Not only had all human affairs had their attraction for him, but everything that had life and motion. And now by a malignant and unjust destiny, reflected Mark, he was shut out from them all ! There arc times ' when our light is low,' wherein ' the riddle of tho painful earth' grows suddenly importunate, and the spirit, like n caged bird, dashes itself in despair against the unseen but adamantine wall that surrounds us all ; and such a. time had come on Mark. The question, ' Can such things be, and Heaven bo just?' was harassing his very soul. A deep sigh — which is till that ever comes of it — at last broke from his heart, and with a gesture with both hands (that pitiful sign of vain expostulation with fate, which is made only by the mad and the miserable) he ran down through the copse and took the road towards home. . In a few hundred yards his way diverged from tho main road, but before he quitted it this happened. He beheld a figure rapidly advancing towards him on the- turf by the wayside, and apparently bound for Mogadion. The form .was familiar to him but 'its face was bowed as if in thought ; as it came on witn noiseless tread, a sudden chill ran through » his veins, and he suddenly cried out in an agony of distress and terror, ' Kit, Kit 1' The figure stopped, and looked at'him intently. Though pale and thin, with hollow cheeks and hollow eyes that shone like fire, 'it was indeed Kit himself. ? ' ,' Merciful Heaven !' cried Mark, clasping his hands, ' it is he IV ? - .,.,',. He would have embraced him, but the other motioned him back with a quick movement of the hand.1 ' ' ' 'Are you bo angry with me, Kit-?'\ exclaimed Mark, despair ingly. \ ' ' \ ? \ ( J ''',,. The other shook his head. ' v , ' Have you escaped ?' N - , v I t ? 'Yes — from the grave,' was the solemn rejoinder. ?'Remem- ber my promise. I have kept my word.' J * ' ' Mark's blood was frozen with terror ; yet his exceeding love ( to some extent conquered fear. ' Is there anything— oh Kit \ even yet ? ' ' 'You can do nothing for me.' ' r ' Too late, too late,' moaned the unhappy Mark. - - ' I am forbidden to speak of any such thing,' continued the ' other; 'take only this word of warning. Beware of Frank' ' Meade; lot him never be Maud's husband. Farewell.' The speaker pointed to the horizon, and Mark's eyea mechani cally following the direction indicated. When he looked again ' THE SPEAJtEH POINTED TQ THE HORIZON, AND JJABR'S EYES MEQHANIQAW FOLLOWED THE DIBECTION INDICATED.'— CHAPTEB LI. : , ' THE SPEAJtEH POINTED TQ THE HORIZON, AND JJABR'S EYES MEQHANIQAW FOLLOWED THE DIBECTION INDICATED.'— CHAPTEB LI. : , the figure was gone. It had disappeared in an instant. The grass on which it had stood bordered the copse, and it was just possible that it had plunged into its depths ; but if so, it was with the quickness and silence.of a wood, snake. Nothing was to be seen save the misty road and the moonlit sea. There is one argument (among many others) which has always convinced me that every individual, of whose character I have, the means of judging, is lying when he tells me that he has seen a ghost, namely, the very slight impression that the supposed spectacle has made upon him. The gulf between the living and the dead is so tremendous, and the desire, or at least the curiosity, to have it bridged is so extreme, that if that engineering feat had been ever accomplished, the spectator would never have enough to say about it; or, if unwilling or forbidden to speak, would never cease to think of it. Such an experience, even though it happened to the most thoughtles s and giddy-pated of men (who are our chief ghost-seers), would make an impression which no time could erase, and which would stand out in strong relief as compared with all their other. life experiences whatsoever. It has been urged, indeed, by those who have admitted this much, that if a man should be haunted, 'i.e., should see a ghost pretty often, custom would make a commonplace even of that ; and as a parallel instance the old belief in an eternity of physical torment has been adduced. It was found possible, they say, by persons who believed that nineteen-twentieths of the whole world, including their own personal acquaintances, would perish in eternal fire, to get so used to the idea as to eat, sleep, and enjoy themselves in spite of it ; but in such a case the word 'belief' is very elastic, and at the most means a heartless credulity. The passive acceptance of a dogma, however revolt ing to-reason and humanity, is a very different thing from the conviction born of personal experience. A glance at the ? Gehenna which Calvin believed himself to believe in would have turned even his stomach for ever ; and he who once saw a ghost —an actual denizen of the other world — would not, like those who believe, or pretend to believe, they have done so, enter it into his commonplace book among other 'remarkable events,' such as snow in May, or the birth of a calf with two heads. And thus it happened in this case. Mark Medway, being firmly convinced that his friend had left the Unseen World to speak with him, did not treat the matter as a visit from a person of distinction to be boasted of to his friends, or to be related, in moments of confidence, as an interesting circumstance. He went home in a state of awe as great as ever arose from human experience, and with a tendency, while obeying the injunctions of the dead man, to keep his interview with him a solemn secret. His air and manner on reaching the Knoll, however, were so strange and distrait, and caused his mother such distress of mind, that an explanation was absolutely necessary. What he had to say only increased her agitation, though the alarm she exhibited was by no means due to the cause to which he assigned it. Ghosts had no terrors for her ;' but she trembled for her son's reason. She had been warned not to oppose his convic tions ; but one argument, as powerful as it was simple, she did venture to advance. ? ' But, my dear Mark, Kit is not dead.' Mark shook his head. 'I would,' he sighed, 'that I could think so.' 'But if he is not, my dear Mark,' she persisted, 'I suppose you will allow that you cannot'have seen his ghost.' It was really not much to ask in 'the way of admission, yet it aroused Mark's indignation. It seemed to him a sort of blasphemy to conceive of that mysterious presence, the recollec tion of which still shook his very soul, as being still in the flesh. The first thing in the morning Mrs. Medway sent for both her counsellors, and they brought the strangest news with them. Christopher Garaton was really dead. The rector had received a letter that morning from the gaol chaplain announcing the prisoner's decease some days ago. 'I should have written before,' he said, 'but Miss Garston especially requested me not to do so till after the funeral. The attendance of any of his friends would, I am sure, have distressed her exceedingly. She was, of course, the sole mourner, and, indeed, under the circum stances, I cannot myself deplore the poor fellow's death. He had been ailing for a long time, growing weaker and thinner, but the end came somewhat unexpectedly ; he died in the infirmary in the night, and almost before the doctor could be summoned. At Miss Garston's request he was laid in the churchyard at Marston, at which village she has been residing for these last three months. She left her lodgings immediately after the ceremony, but whither she has gone I have been unable to discover. It is possible, now that this sad page in her history is closed, that she may seek her old friends and yours. Heaven grant it may be so !' : v : ' 'This is indeed terrible news,' gasped Mrs. Medway. 'Do you think that that really happened about which I wrote to you?' 'That Mark saw the ghost?' exclaimed the rector. 'Well, upon my word, Mrs. Medway, you are a most disappointing woman. I have always held j'ou up as a pattern of common sense.' 'But how do you explain it?' 'Very easily. Mark heard this news, by some means, before we did. With his mind greatly excited by it he- visits an old haunt of his dead friend, and imagines he sees him. ? It, is the simplest case of spectral illusion.' 'But, as I wrote to you, he tells me that the figure spoke to him — warned him against dear Frank's engagement with Maud.' \- 'I had rather not say what I think about that.' said the doctor, with the colour in his cheek. 'On the contrary, said the rector, ' I think that part of the Btory is as easy of explanation as the rest of it. Your son has Kit in his mind — not to say on the brain — and thinks he saw him : he has also Kit's objection to Frank's marriage in his mind, and he thinks he hears him.' 'Thut's it,' assented the doctor cheerfully. He had already recovered from his little fit of spleen, and acknowledged to himself that the idea which had momentarily occurred to him, that Mark had invented Kit's warning against Frank to Buit his own views, was untenable. 'Of course,' he continued, 'this' affair will make matters worse for the present ; your son will be even more wrapped up in his dead friend than when he was alive, but, since he in dead, tins glamour cannot last for ever. I believe in Dr. Time.' Scarcely any one else among Mark's friends had the same belief in that eminent practitioner. Day after day went by without weakening in the least Mark's impression of that awful interview in the Castle-road, as the highway that ran beneath the old ruin was called, and what the apparition had said to him was as Gospel in his eyes. He seemed more determined, so far as in him lay, to oppose his sister's union with Frank Meade than ever. The Knoll was his mother's house, not his own, so Mark could not close its doors against him ; but he showed plainly enough that the young man's visits were distasteful to him. l'ranlc behaved with the utmost patience and gentleness; but it was out of the question that he could make himself acceptable to Mark since the way to the heart of his old friend was barred. Frank pitied him, and indeed pitied Kit, for his nature was not such a one as can pursue the dead with even righteous indigna tion ; but he could not but resent the effect of his jealousy and ill-will towards him on Mark. He never dwelt on Kit's errors. The tomb was his asylum, but if Kit had been alive, and a free man, he would have told him what he thought of him in terms which would have been highly actionable. As to Trenna, Frank was as desirous as Maud herself to discover the place of her concealment, and, if possible, to persuade her to return to her old friends. In addition to the natural- compassion he felt for her lonely condition, it seemed to him that he owed her repara tion for the wrong he had done her in thought of old. His inquiries about her were unceasing, and in the London news papers he had inserted many dexterously-worded advertisements, the joint composition of himself and Maud, which, while appealing to no eye but Trenna's, could not have failed had she lighted on them, to attract her attention. His solicitude on Trenna's account was no secret, however, m Mogadion, and at last he pot news of her. Exactly a month after the announcement of Kit's death had been received at the Knoll, Abel Deedes, who was now in service with a local banker, in the neighbourhood, by whom he was highly valued, called at the Dovecote one night, and made a private and confidential statement to ?? ' Mr. Frank. ' He said that on that day month he had been sent on an errand which had detained him late, and that on returning home he had met, on the moonlit* road, a young sailor coming towards. Mogadion. The stranger, on catching sight of him, had crossed the road as if to avoid nim, but Abel's pipe had gone out, and he had no matches, and being, like most men of his phlegmatic temperament, an inveterate smoker, he was not going to miss this excellent chance of remedying his calamity ; for what sailor does not smoke tobacco and carry lights ? He, therefore, hailed the young man, whov probably not understanding what he wanted, answered, ' Good nighti npy man.' The words were inapposite enough, but the tone in i which they were uttered was so very peculiar that Abel stopped the lad. . -' ' ' , ' I asked you,' he said, 'if you had a light about you. You answer me more like a girl than a boy. One would think,' he added, referring to the season of local histrionics, ' it was mumming time ? ' . ' ''??? 'Thank Heaven, it is Abel Deedes,' interrupted the other with a quipk gasp of gratitude. And then, to Abel's immense amazement and alarm, he recognised in the sailor lad his young mistress of Grey House. She told him she was going to embark that night for South America, in order to evade certain importunate creditors, and that it was of the utmost importance that the disguise should be maintained, of which' her unexpected meeting with him-had compelled the disclosure. It was quite unnecessary to appeal to him by the remembrance of her former kindnesses to nim, to assist her in her present plight. Abel Deedes, though not of the gilded-armour-and-embroidered-banner style of chivalry, was the very soul of it, and, moreover looked upon an importunate creditor very much as a mediaeval knight might have done upon a Saracen defending his native soil. He not only willingly promised to keep silence on the adventure of the night, but insisted on turning back and seeing Trenna in safety to her destination, which was the vessel moored just opposite the doctor's house. Four weeks had been the period she had imposed upon the faithful Abel as the limit to his silence, and, as maybe imagined,-' he had been greedily impatient for the hour when he was at liberty to tell his tale to 'Mr. Frank.' The story was strange enough, albeit undoubtedly, true, but 1 what struck Frank as most noteworthy was the date of the occurrence. Abel had met Trenna on the same evening on which' Mark had had his fancied interview with her brother. The question which now occurred to Frank's mind was, had that interview been 'fancy?' He had never believed in Kit's ghost, but now he began to disbelieve in his having been in a position to be a ghost at all. If he was not dead, TKit had escaped by Trenna's connivance, and what was more likely than that the . brother and sister should have both come down, though sepa rately, in order to avoid suspicion, to a small and out-of-the-way port like Mogadion in order to leave the country ? That there was the most urgent necessity for secrecy was evident from the fact of Trenna's disguise. However desirous of avoiding recogni tion from her old friends, she would never have put on male attire for any such purpose. While, on the other hand, if she had wished to go abroad upon her own account, she would scarcely have selected Mogadion as the place of departure. Again, it would have been curious that she should have selected liio, where she had no belongings nor any known attraction, for her future home ; whereas, if Kit had accompanied her, it was explicable enough, since, once in South America, the convict would be safe. How they had known of the ship's being in the harbour, how they had made arrangements for their passage, or where they had procured the necessary funds, remained, of course, and might ever remain, a matter of conjecture. But Trenna's devotion and Kit's cleverness would account for a good deal. What was the chief puzzle, however, was how the authorities at Dartmoor had been deceived, if they had been deceived, as to Kit's decease ; and this point, at all events, Frank Meade was resolved to unravel. The more he thought of the whole matter, the more he was convinced that Kit was in the land of the living, and, not being dead, it was natural that he sometimes thought or * him with exceeding bitterness. On one occasion he even said to himself, in reference to that confession of Kit's under the castle rocks, He has not yet come to the end of his tether. The foul fiend was not to have him .per agreement for the next year or so.' He was immensely interested in the whole question for its own sake, but his main and ulterior object was of course to open Mark's eyes. If he could prove Kit to be alive, that ' warning ; from the dead' would not only lose its efficacy, but must needs partake of the nature of an imposture, and if Mark could be convinced that Kit had deceived him, the whole fabric of his influence over him would topple to its fall. For the present, however, Frank enjoined silence upon Abel Deedes, and kept the entire matter locked up in his own heart. If once he gave expression to his suspicions they would fly far and wide, he knew, like thistle-down, and it was essential that Mark should hear nothing of them till they should take the shape of conviction. One person, indeed, Mr. Penryn, on account of his connexion with the gaol chaplain, Frank was compelled to take into his confidence, but it was necessary that his revelation, even to the rector, should be delayed a little for a certain reason. 