fault*, ROSE PARNELL— THE FLOWER OF AVONDALE.— CHAPTER II.—(Continued.) GONTEE GOWANS AWKWABD APOLOGKEB — IOVE'B TOUNQ DBBAJI—THE BTJNA-WAT— GABBET BYENES TO THE BE60UB. THEBE was BO much tender feeling and love in that parting look Garret Byrnes bestowed npon KOBB Purnell that a strange thrill of happiness crept into her heart. How handsome and manly he looked, and what a contrast between him and the surly, nooonth Hunter Gowan! She was dying to know all about him, and Was impatient to reach tlie privaoy of her own ohamber, so as to hare a good talk with Norah, who, evidently, was well acquainted with the young man. Hunter Gowan'soonduot towards him only inoensed her hatred towards the gallant captain, and when he oSered her the support of his arm on their return home she haughtily refused it. • I am sorry, Miss Parnell,' said Gowan, with a bow, ' that my zeal in enforoing the law should meet with your disapproval.' ' I think,' she replied, < that Captain Gowan should seleot a more fitting time and place for a display of his loyalty than the bedside of a dying woman.' '' I confess, Miss Rose, that the plaoe -was not well ohosen, but I oould not resist the temptation of rebuking that young ruffian, who had the audacity to look upon you with admiration as if he were your peer.' • Thanks, Captain Go wan,' she replied, with a low, rippling laugh. ' I cannot forget your disinterested zeal, but I confess that, in my eyes, the gentleman was more respectful to me than you were, for while you tried to create a vulgar brawl in my presence he bore with an insult out of respeot to me and the dying woman.' Captain Gowan bit his lipB with vexation as he retorted: ' Yes, oowarde generally find shelter under some oloak or another.' ' That may be,' replied Miss Parnell, with a quiet smile, ' but I am inolined to think that had you used the same language to him elsewhere you would sorely repent it, for he doeB not look like one who wonld tamely submit to be bullied.' Captain Gowan was nettled by her stinging remarks, and in his ang^r he injudiciously replied: \ 'How happy it would mate the young poaoher, whoever he is, if he only knew what a lovely advocate he has ! - Indeed, from the deep interest Miss Parnell feelyn^him I'm sure she would prefer his company to that of her humble servant.' Rose Parnell drew herself up to her foil height, and, looking the other in the face, she replied: ' "Who gave you, sir, the right to insult me or to diotate to me P I am under your protection now, but when I choose an esoort in the future I shall take good oare that he will be a gentleman.' As she stood faoing the captain, with her rosy lipB apart, her cheeks glowing, and her statuesque figure poised, there seemed something ethereal in her wonderful loveliness. Captain Gowan, though stung to the heart by her remarks, could not help admiring her, and tried to make his peace by the most abjeot apologies. Though she had despised the man before, she detested him now, and scarcely;replied to hiB fawning appeals. Thankful when she reached home, she rushed to her room, and, throwing herself upon her couch', she burst into tears, where we will leave her to the soothing ministrations of her faithful Norah. When Garret Byrnes left Mrs. Dalton's cottage his heart was fall of the two moBt opposite feelings of hatred And love. The tender. passion had never entered his; soul until he had seen that lovely creature.: To say that he was in love is weak, for he' was in a dazed dream. It seemed as if an angel in all her purity had stood before him and had imbibiBd the very essence of his nature. 1UQ IU UC1 piOOOUUO * 4/UV tVl; Her sweet sake and the peace of that dyinjaf woman I swear I'd tear him from limb to u^b; but then we shall meet again. I fee! »t in my bones that that vile man is to be my 6 n} genius through life. But let him look ! Hunter Gowan, beware i There is not blood in a BryneB'a veins, and, sure as you cross my path in life, BO sure shall you rue the day that you heaped your cowardly insults upon me! ,. . Garret Byrnes felt his heart thrill with au If the pleasures of first love, it is not to be wondered at that his hatred of Hunter wwan should be equally intense. Did he aot insult and humiliate himin her presence ? would she look upton Mm as a ooward f6r sneaking away, and despise him as suoh P Who or what was thfe Hunter Gowan that ne should cringe before him? Was he not ® .upstart, while the Byroes's of Ballywere descendants of ehiefteins who n fwea the land lonj before Norman orSaxon "M «t foot updn her soil, ; Ji.ii / wwlike jrace. aniptubftirnly uattied. m for r e .(their a town, ui>tfl. *t iengththey to mcoambfe *hfir;piMnipi SAfebwwi.«Ww*re^ftwUga out to I ud Groinwelliaaretainers. Garret Byrnes, though ranting in sooiety only as a gentleman of limited means, felt proud of his lineage, and, had he lived in more favoured times, would have rivalled the most daring achievements of his warlike ancestors. He had been educated in France, and Was intended for the priesthood, but soon discovered that he had no vocation for that saored calling, and, therefore, settled down to the life of a gentleman farmer. His superior education and the easy grace and polish he had acquired from Frenoh society, combined with a moBt elegant person, gave him a. decided superiority over his rustio neighbours and the bacohanalian squireens, whose rude habits and boisterous conduct contrasted most unfavourably with the quiet, gentlemanly reserve and polished manners of young Byrnes. His frank, generous disposition and manly oonduct made him a _ great favourite with the peasantry for miles around, and even many of the local gentry looked upon him with respeot and esteem. If some of them were honourable enough to honour him for his manly virtues, many of the shoneen aristocracy hated him for his popularity and generous qualities. Foremost among tliis class was Hunter Gowan, who never forgot their first meeting in Mrs. Dalton's cabin, and who from that day had resolved on accomplishing Garret BjrneB's ruin. Conscious that he was both hated and despised, Hunter Gowan retaliated by using his company of yeomen as a scourge to torture his enemies. He wag the inventor of the terrible pitch-cap, which was clapped, redhot, on the cropped heads of unfortunate suspects, in order to torlure them into confession. His lieutenant,'the notorious HempenBtall, exceeded his chief in merciless cruelty. He was a man of great height, being fully six feet and a half, and was nicknamed " the walking gallows," from the fact that when there was no other mode of execution convenient he strangled his prisoners by suspending them over his shoulder. His chivalrous and soldierly exploits in this line were commemorated in song, of which the following couplet is an excellent specimen :— Gut-throat Gowan and bloody Hempenstall Are judges, jury, hangman, and all. In contrast to these were some truly good and humane gentlemen, foremost among whom was Sir John Parnell. Sir John had taken a great liking to Garret Byrnes, which was strengthened by an incident which occurred soon after the latter's return from college. Young Byrnes had settled down to a country life, having given up his studies for the ministry. Howover, he had not resigned his studious habits, and was full of the dreams and ambition of youth. Shakspeare, Homer, and Tasso were the companions of his leisure hours, and from them he embibed his inspiration, his lore, and his poetry. These were the food of his mind, while healthy exercise with his .dogs and his gan gave strength to his frame and the glow of health to his cheeks. About a year after our first introduction to Garret Byrnes in MTB. Dalton's cottage, he sat in an arbour in front of his house, reading his favourite authors and dreaming of Rose Parnell with all the fervour of young, impassioned love. It was a delightful evening. The trees were rich in foliage, and luscious in the luxuriance of leaves and fruit. The new-mown hay and fragrant hawthorn perfumed the air, whilst the warbling of birds made the air vocal with sweet music. This reverie was interrupted by cries of distress and the rapid pattering of horses' feet on the road near by. He sprang over the fence and looked around him, but he had not long to wait for an explanation, for there came rushing towards him two mad horses, without driver or control, and a coach bumping behind them. In emergencies of this kind the mind acts with instinctive rapidity, and it flashed on his that if the horses were not stopped before they reached the narrow bridge a little below him they would iriost certainly be dashed _ into the river, for the turning there was quite abrupt and the bridge without parapets. Garret's heart was full of that gallantry, which is inseparable from young and chivalrous natures, and the ories for assistance from a soft plaintive voice which reached his ears deoided him in bis line of aotion. He would risk his life to oheok the wild animals, and save that of the lady. In a moment he flung off his coat, and, standing in the centre of the road, he braced himself for the shook. On came the maddened steeds, but when they reached within a spring of him they swerved aside a little. With one bound he seized the reins, and with a powerful check he flung the animals on their haunches. They reared and plunged forward, dragging him with them. A soared but beautiful face looked through the carriage window imploringly. _ That • look shot like an electric thrill through his heart. He-wonld die or save her —her, his love, hiB idol.. Would not oven death for her sweeteakebe ablesBingP Though his hands were torn and bleeding, and though he was badly cut by a blow of the pole, still he tugged at the reins with all his might. ; * They were approaching the bridge, and would have been dashed over its sides into the rapid torrent beneath had nothis presence of jnind saved them. A thick hawthbtn* hedge lined the road, and by adespirate effort he succeeded in -running ifcehoraep against it. So great was the shook thait the animals were pinned between the trees, and thepole of theo/ariagews <? in the earth on the other side. Before the plunging animals oould extrioate themselves several peasants had rushed up and dragged the lady and gentleman from the carriage. Garret ByrneB was trampled under the horses' ^ hoofs and was taken out senseless, with his fingers closed in a death-grip upon the reins. They laid him upon the bank, while Rose and her father forgot their own fright in their anxiety for the safety of their gallant resouer. Water was sprinkled on his face, and Rose Parnell wiped away the dirt and blood with her handkerchief, while tears rolled down her cheeks. That pale young face, so beautiful in its marble stillness, and the golden cnrls that clustered around that manly brow, sent a thrill through her heart. How handsome he was, and how brave and noble he must be to risk his life for them ! As she bent over him a tear of sympathy fell upon his brow. He opened his eyes and heaved a sigh of pain. ' Oh ! thank God,' she exclaimed, ' he is living !' Garret gazed upon her with a strange, wandering look and then muttered ; She is safe.' 1 ' Yes, young gentleman, thanks to your noble conduct I and my precious child have esoaped a terrible death,' exclaimed Sir John, as he took G arret'8 hand in his; ' but, tell me, how do you feel ?' '' Oh! I'll be all right soon,' replied the other as he raised himself to a sitting posture. ' As you and Miss Parnell are safe, I don't mind my injuries ; I'll Boon get over them.' Garret ByrneB had to be borne very gently to his mother'B house, where he was laid on a bed and a doctor hastily summoned. Sir John and his daughter refused to leave until Dr. Splint assured them that he would be all right in a few days, as he suffered no worse consequences than a broken rib and a dislocated shoulder. As Sir John and Rose returned home he remarked to her : ' Rose, darling, that brave young fellow surely saved our lives, for in turning the bridge there is no doubt but the horses would roll over its side, dragging carriage and all with them.' ' Yes, papa, we should never forget such a generous act.' ' Forget it P No, Rose, we can never repay it, though; for he is a gentleman and will receive no favours at our hands. What a splendid-looking young fellow he is, too, Rose !' ' Yes, indeed, papa,' 6ighed Rose, with a blueh; ' he is fine-looking indeed.' ' Ay, truly splendid. Do you know when he lay there so deathlike I felt terrible. Had he sacrificed hia life to save ours I would never feel happy again. But he is all right now; and, ROBB dear, when he is strong enough we must invite him to visit us, and contrive somehow to show our appreciation of his gallant conduct.' Rose Parnell was silent. Her bosom was agitated by a new and strange feeling. Her gentle heart throbbed with undefined emotion, and the very blood seemed to flow in a rosy tide through her veins. The pale, handsome face of Garret Byrnes, with its setting of golden curls, was mirrored before her, and she oould not shut it out from her thought. Rose thought that all this was but sympathy for her deliverer, yet she could not discard the faot that the interest she felt in him was deeper than friendship. Though die would not admit to her own heart that it was love, still this new sensation agitated her beyond anything of the kind she had ever experienced before. Their first meeting at Mrs. Dillon's made a deep impression upon her, which was now fanned into love by his gallant rescue of herself and her father. In vain did she strive to shut out the sweet illusion from her soul; like Banquo's ghost, it could not be laid. While Garret Byrnes was oonfined to his bed scarcely a day went by that Sir John and his daughter did not drive over to enquire about him. Nearly two weeks had passed before he could leave his room, and as soon as he was able to sit up'in the parlour Sir John requested that he would be allowed to see him in order to thank him personally. The patient was reclining on a lounge, propped up by pillows, as Sir John and his daughter .entered the parlour. He tried to rise at their approach, but the effort was too much for him, and he lay back with a smothered groan. ' Don't disturb yourself, my dear young friend,' exclaimed Sir John, as he grasped him by the hand; ' I am glad to see you all right again, and I and my daughter wish to offer you our heartfelt thanks for saving 'bs from a terrible death. In fact, Mr. Byrnes, thanks is a poor word to express all we owe; you. It is not about myseu I felt so much ooncern, but on account of this dear child, in whom my soul is wrapped up. The tortures I felt as the horses were dashing on to what any one exoept a fond father or mother. You must get well soon, Mr. Byrnes, and visitnsi Rose will try and make it pleasant for yoi at Avondale ; ay, darling won't you ?' ! Rose stammered something, she scarcely knew what. . ' She's »• timid- creature, Mr. Byrnes^'i said the. fond father, with a smile; 'bn< ivertheless, you will find her«greeafr mpany.'- - .. -, , . , ,A blush suffused the pale eheeksof -Jpi indent, and as his eyes met thoseofRoBp PSraell ah eleotrio current seemed tbi'pai between them.v • ..., sn ] , i We will not weary you now,' oontinuedficr John, ' but until suoh time as you are.ablatio Tiaitaswe'lldoouiflelvesthepWaBBreofcaUinit daily to see yon. Business might prevent me from doing BO at all times, but Rose can drive over in her little phaeton; won't you, darling ?' ' Yes, papa,' she murmured, in a scarcely articulate tone. ' You will, dear ; and now let us be going. I'm afraid I'm talking too much.' | Oh! no,' muttered Garret, who was all this time in a kind of ecstatio stupour of happiness. When Sir John and his daughter left, Garret closed his eyes as if to sleep, but his mind and heart were full of Rose Parnell, and her graceful form seemed to bend over him, with her gentle eyes full of pity,- like a ministering angel as Bhe was. According to promise soaroely a day pasBsd but Sir John and Rose drove over to enquir > after Garret, and oftentimes they spent hours in his company. When the novelty wore off ROBB even ventured to visit without her father, and by degrees became greatly attatohed to Garret's family. Mrs. ByrneB was a fine, intelligent lady of the old school, while her two daughters, Annie and Mamie, were elegant, refined young ladies, who, both in appearance and ladylike accomplishments, were fit associates of the aristocratic Rose Parnell. An acquaintance formed under suoh strange and almost tragic circumstances soon ripened into one of deep friendship on the part of Rose and Garret's family, while between himself and the young lady the feeling was of a deeper and purer nature. 'You must get well fast, Mr. Byrnes,' said Rose to him one evening. 'Papa is going to get up a fete of some kind, as he wants to thank you in the presence of his friends.' 'I deeply appreciate his kindness, Miss Parnell,' replied Garret, • but I am really too weak for any excitement of the kind. Besides, you will pardon me when I state that I could not associate with such men as Hunter Gowan and Lieutenant Hempenstall, who, of oourse, would be of the party.' Rose smiled, and replied: ' Well, aB you like; as soon as you are strong enough to visit us papa will arrange the matter to your satisfaction.' ' Pardon me, Miss Parnell,' replied Garret; ' I'm afraid that my illness has made me pettish. I was wrong in making such remarks, for any friend of Miss Parnell must be pleasing to me under any oircumstances.' 'I don't know,' replied Rose, with a smile, ' that the gentlemen you have named are very particular friends of mine; if so, the friendship is all on their side.' Garret loosed at her as if to read her inmost thoughts, for Hunter Gowan was well known to be an aspirant for her hand. As he gazed at her there was nothing in the unchanged cheek or unruffled brow to indicate that she entertained a particle of love for the man. Garret sighed, and, when alone, visions of a happy future flitted .through his brain. The pioture was one of love, peace, and domestic happiness, but somehow he oould not help aBsooiating the name of Rose Parnell with the glowing vision photographed upon his mind. As soon as Garret's health permitted he visited Avondale, or, as Sir John's residence was formally called, The Hall, and sooii became a great favourite with the members of the family. Sir John was a man of liberal ideas, and was not influenced in hiB judgment of men by the narrow gauge of sectarian prejudice and bigotry. He was a cultured gentleman, and bad travelled a great deal when young. He loved to dilatel upon his experience on the Continent, and Garret, who had been ediioated in Paris and had visited Rome, possessed a fund of rich information about th'eje places. Sir John was delighted to meet 'a man of culture and well-stored mind to converse with him about scenes and places in which he took a deep interest. Garret Byrnes was not only a good oonverBationalist, but - also an attentive listener, and nothing oould please Sir John better than the attention he gave to the recital of his travels when a boy. Sir John, owing to his position under the Government, and the excitable'state of the times, had to associate for the' the most patt with vulgar squireehB, whose ambition^ wis to excel in dissipation, and lioentious revelry and to establish their loyalty by torturing unfortunate peasants. On this aoooAnt a the oompany of- Garret Byrnes was -the more pleasing to him, for his manner and conversation were strongly in contrast with tLo.se of . the riotous. revellers who frequented Avondale House. • If Sir John felt interested in the young man, his sweet, daughter's love toi him inoreased day by day. A few years and the young studeiit 1 developed into a splendid type of manly beauty. H^was taU and graoeful in appearance, and* -his burling hairhuiig fttbiuid his Shapely head. His dark vejeB sparkled with mild lustxe that betokened'a bold but tender heart, while the i.ush of health and ;manlybeauty mantled ills cheeks. , RoBe PiSraell, on the,other ^nd, had,fully develoj^dfcpm girlhogd to be W twomapTof rare ancf .transcendent , bbaiit^. 'Sfi&HfjM; tall, gr^oejul, and symmetrW&l.; Hai"f&e; was fit nti bf blue, Sparirlinjfifyfe, ; tfhiblr, glffvfed fritti-V vWHa-4>f *o*e <«d ^ntieiieSBi - tter mouth waia it- vfeHtelfle ivtay, whileetb^ilbtrm of thepeaohamaJxthe tint of ithe ;a»S»mfainedi1» givp aigselle cotonriittg.tofcetVdiiHpy wavymawwbQow her wwsl, almoatl her bust and head in an aureola of floating gold. It is no wonder that suoh a lovely woman had numerous suitoM, who paid homage to her wealth and beauty, and sighed for a smile from her lipa or an encouraging look from her eyes. No wonder that Garret Byrnes worshipped her as hia guardian angel, and would think himself blessed even in dying for her sweet sake. No wonder that the peasantry reverenoed her, for ehe was as tender and oharitable as ehe was beautiful; no wonder that, in their devotion to the fair girl, they had oalled her the * Rose of Avondale.' (To be Continued.) 