The Tamatave Affair. NARROW ESCAPE OF HOSTILITIES BETWEEN THE ENGLISH AND FRENCH. egg telegraph to Vie Echo.) Melbourne, Thursday. Papers received by the Potosi contain the follow . ing account of an incident which occurred during the recent misunderstanding between the French and English naval officers at Tamatave The commander , of H.M.S. Dryad wished to send important secret despatches home by the Taymouth, but the French admiral would not allow direct communication, and if despatches were sent through Trench channels they were opened. In order to get over the difficulty, the commander of the Dryad instructed the captain of the Taymouth, when he got under way, to steam under the stern of the man-of-war, and while doing so despatches would be passed abroad, This plan was adopted, and as the time approached the Dryad's decks were cleared, steam got up, and all made ready for action, it being the full intention of the Dry ad's commander to open fire on the French if they attempted to interfere with his plan, No attempt, however, was made by the French, and the despatches were successfully passed on board. Ghosts. An attempt is being made in the old country to revive the belief in visitants from another \- world, and many are the wonderful stories that fill some of the journals. The sceptical mind is, however, inclined to adopt Scrooge's remark to Marley's ghost: "How do I know that you are not a bit of undigested bread ?" for, of all the ghost producers, a bit of " heavy' -'bread is the most potent. It is a wonder, therefore, that people do not adopt the sureSt spell against ghosts by using Borwick's Gold Medal Baking Powder in making bread; for, Although it won't " raise ghosts," it will raise bread an the most admirable fashion. Every wipe store keeper has it by him, and every good housewife buys lit. Holloway's Ointment and Pills Never in fault In all irritations of the skin, sores, ulcers, burns, and scrofulous enlargements of the glands, Holloway's Ointment presents a ready and easy means of cure, which never disappoints the most favourable expectations. It manifests a peculiar power in restraining inflammation, removing stagna- tion, cooling the heated blood, and checking all acrimonious or unhealthy discharges. Whilst thus acting locally, the Pills are no less remarkable for their power in improving the general condition and habit of body, which renders the cures complete and permanent. Under the general influence of these potent remedies, the puny infant becomes the robust child j the pale and emaciated regain colour and rotundity, and the dyspeptic eats freely, without fe»r,~Mvt, 