morRA PIUCA L A NEW 'DOTA as'. ( Saturday Review. ) THE value of anecdotes in biography has been disputed by the severe, and yet there can be no doubt that biography is chiefly valued for its anecdotes. These stories are the only parts of history that all the world knows, and to be ignorant of them is practically to be ignorant of history. Alfred's adventure with the cakes is remembered where the treaty of Wedmore is forgotten and Oliver Cromwell is best known for his practical jokes, the ominous drops of blood on his untidy linen collar, and his desire to be painted with his ward and his wrinkles. Anecdotes are to biography what early legends are to national history. Johnson's love of tea is more famous than all his essays, as Horatius Codes is a better known character than Tiberius Gracchus, and Egeria more noted than Agrippina. We are so made that we like to hear of Mon- taigne's taste in wine better than of the policy of Louis XI. and care more for Villon's burglaries than for his ballades. This is an extremely illiterate, uncritical, and unrefined habit of human nature ; but, people being constituted as they are, they lead Bishop Wilberforce Reminiscences eagerly. They will turn with more attention to the ancedolago about M. Gambetta and Prince Bismarck, which has lately filled the papers, than to discussions about the future of parties in France, or about the probabilities of a European war. The remarkable Dr. Busch, who once published two volumes on Prince Bismarck's life vate habits, has lately contributed another essay on the same subject to a Viennese paper. At the same time a correspondent of the Times publishes recollec- tions of M. Gambetta. As we compare the two sets of anecdotes, we gather that Prince Bismarck and M. Gambetta, though public enemies, must have been congenial spirits in private. Both wore of an open frankness which puzzled the tortuous and astute, both were fond of eating, drinking, and festivity at large, and both were superstitious. In the last quality they re- semble most men, great and small for we all retain so much of the savage us to expect effects to be produced by causes which cannot possibly influence them, but which are in some way connected with them in our minds. Probably great men, retaining much of the eternal child in their characters, are more superstitious than the ordinary bourgeois, who have got rid of imagination with all its hopes and fears. Cromwell, Napoleon, Dr. Johnson, Pascal, were all more superstitious than the first city man or barrister you may chance to meet ; but the fears of the brave and follies of the case do not spring from weakness of mind, but from eradicated hereditary tendencies. As an example of Prince Bismarck's superstition, we are told that " he will not have a battle which is as yet undecided spoken of as if it were won." But this is sound sense, not superstition. Many a battle would have had a different conclusion if generals had not regarded it as won before it was really decided. We might as well call the Australian Eleven superstitious because they never thought a match was lost till the last wicket had fallen. There is genuine superstition, of the sort familiar to Cromwell, in Bismarck's refusal to negotiate the surrender of Metz on the 14th of October, the date of Hochkirch and Jena. The Prince's dislike of Friday - " he will not start on a Friday, nor sign any important document on that day of the week" a survival of a very ancient notion, illustrated by the taboo days of South Sea Islanders, and by the Roman, Afexican, Chaldean, and Egyptian calendars. The reason why, in Christian times, Friday is thought a dies reasons is, of course, obvious enough. If we could combine all the taboo days of different superstitions, all of which are equally reasonable, we probably should not find a single lucky day in the year. Bismarck hesitated, it is said, about accepting the title of Count, because there had been a great mortality among counts in Pomerania. Perhaps he fancies that the curse of Sidonia the Sorceress is still upon the noble houses of the land. He is said to have predicted the day, month, and year of his own death, as many persons fire fabled to have done successfully, especially a lady mentioned by Henry Alore j but then she had " got the straight tip " from the ghost of her sainted mother. We are not told whether the Prince's prophecy referred to a date still in the future, or whether it has already been falsified, like Dr. Cumming's theories of the end of the world. He seems to have predicted, not on the information of a ghost or a dream, but on calculations about a " mystical figure." But students of the Number of the Beast of roulette and of the mystical figure in the " Republic " of Pluto, all know that estimates in this unholy and necromancer arithmetic cannot always be relied on with certainty. There is a dash of the astrologer in the Prince, and he commends those who get their hair cut when the moon is waxing. Thus this great mind has beliefs in common with Hesiod, and with the pseudo- Hermes Trismeglstus, who gravely indicates the conjunction of the planets under which a man should order new clothes. We have much less information about the superstitious of M. Gambetta. Whether he was religious or not in secret, none but himself could have said." The pious Paris correspondent of the Times, was dreadfully pained by the absence of Catholic symbols from the room in which the great man died. But M. Gambetta, like the young freethinker in the old Spectator, " upon whom it was proved that he said his prayers every night, may not have been a professing Catholic, but yet may have retained some of the religion of his truth. We happen to have seen a copy of " La Journal dit Chretien, sanctified par la prize et la meditation. Nouvelle edition, Corrigan ever seen at considerable ment augmented. Coutances : chez P. L. Tanguerey, impr. Libre de Mgr. rEvOquectdu Clergy, 1831." This volume, a sure., in purple calf, boats on the fly-leaf, in a lady's hand, this inscrip- tion : LEON GAMBETTA Ruc Stationers Janvier 1 1818. As this book was picked upon a stall where there were other volumes bearing the names i of members of the Gambetta family, it seems to be a genuine Surenne of the days when Leon Gambetta was a boy of ten and was intended for the priesthood. Some memories of that time may have moved him to send tapers to his parish church on the anniversary of the death of Mme. Gambetta. "On the last anniversary but one," says the writer in the Times, " he was in- very low spirits and passing the Church of Notre Dame des Victories, arm in arm with a Republican senator, he suddenly stopped, and said I always burn a taper on this day. I have forgotten all about it.' Saying this, he moved towards the porch ; but his friend remonstrated, with a smile, What would the Clericals say if they heard it V ' Bills ! ' answered Gambetta, after a moment's hesitation, ' OH dira que jamais ma mere,' and he walked into the church, leaving his friend outside." If the belief in M. Gambetta's superstition rests on no stronger and wider evidence than this, we may doubt whether he is to be classed in this respect, with Cromwell and Napoleon. * The fact is" that men who deal with enormous, incalculable forces as statesmen and generals do, have the same temptations as gamblers to indulge in superstition. Beyond what we causes and know remains the province in which we can guess, and otirunaoknowlodged guesses are often as irrational as those of the savage who fancies that the paddle-wheel of a steamer is licked round by the tongue of a great serpent. M. Gambetta " was HO natural that he remained a puzzle to the first to men who think that the plainest sign in a politician's character should be studied like hierogly- places." This is another point which M. Gambetta shared with Prince Bismarck, whose frankness has been as puzzling as the open hiding-place devised by Poe's hero in "The Stolen Letter." Both heroes loved good eating and drinking,' The excellence of M. Gambetta's cook was a constant re- proach to him among his irreconcilable constituents. The Times has a story, which we need not quote, about a kind of origin of champagne, music, and cigars given by M. Gambetta to puzzled and coughing ambassadors. Like Mr. Carlyle, but for another reason, because of his increasing bulk, M. Gambetta once tried to give up smoking. But tobacco agrees better, as M. Gambetta confessed, with the iron constitution of Prince Bismarck. " He once travelled from Cologne to Berlin, twelve hour's' journey, without allowing his-, cigar to go out." But since the war the Prince has given up cigars, and has taken to a long pipe, is a more truly Teutonic and patriotic attitude. Turkey began to fall when pashas substituted cigarettes for long narylnU's ; but, If pipes can save a nation, Germany is still secure. The Prince is said to " prefer simple fare to the more complicated productions of modern cookery." Nothing could be more complicated (though few filings could be less modern) than the grotesquely mixed meals which Prince Bismarck is said, in Dr. Buseh's tat her work, to enjoy, he is a great eater, but then he only came once a day, at (3 pm." This does not seem a healthy plan ; it is too like the simple arrangements of the Zoological Gardens. Being angry makes the Prince ill for weeks, and yet Bismarck en scare is not a very unfamiliar spectacle. It is said that the Prince in his youth possessed " a lively sense of humour, in support of which asser- tion the following anecdote is related : 1 When he was Auscultator' to a Judge, a client once tried his patience so severely that he jumped up and cried out, ' Mind what you are about, six, or else I will kick you out. The Judge turned towards him and said seriously, Mr. Auscultator, kicking out a client is my business.' The examination continued. Bismarck again lost his patience, but this time he cried, ' Mind what you are about, sir, or else I will have you kicked out by the Judge.' " The sprightliness and delicate fun of this story are quite on a level with the milk of Scotch Judges and barristers, as quoted in the biography of Henry Erskine. We are happy to observe that only in his younger years Prince Bismarck showed a lively sense of humour." Life has long been "full of seriousness to him, because he can get enough of fecht ing, as the Scotch keeper said of the terrier. The Prince's favourite flower is heather, his favourite poet is Shakspeare ; he never gambled much, and he has quite for- gotten all the Greek he ever knew. Hunting is the sport, and so good a sportsman wits he," that he shot off the heads of some ducks on a pond with a pistol. This is indeed sportsmanlike, i M, Gambetta's) ex excise was fencing, and " he went in for a sturdy course of dumb bells." It is recorded as a proof of his eloquence that no one laughed when a gesture of his knocked " a, bowl of broth off the ledge of the tribune on to the head of a servant." The French are a serious people. The House did laugh when Mr. Gladstone put on another man's hat which was too small for him. Indeed, this was reckoned quite one of the best of the good things that amuse the easily amused House of Commons. PROFESSOR Roses, in a recent speech at Stoke-on-Trent, said that the French system of teaching drawing is superior to the English. In England children are taught to draw from the flat, pictures of old tubs, bones, broken cottages, the effect being that those of the children is wasted, and their interest not awakened, even if they are not disgusted with with the whole affair. In France the boy begins at once to draw from the round-a simple cost of a leaf, for example, He then has some tool or simple piece of machinery placed in his desk. This he has first to sketch, then he accurately measures all the parts, must noting these, he afterwards construction sectional drawing to the scale of the object. Problems of constantly increasing complexity are thus placed before him, and the objects which he has to draw are such as are of everyday use and of practical value, and the result is that every little French or German boy out of the street is able to draw, and draw accurately, in a way which is astounding to an Englishman con- versant only with the work of the ordinary primary English school. AN intelligent compositor left out the letter d in a paragraph about a beautiful actress, and In- formed the public that "crows" flocked to see liar wherever she went. 