i SPARES 'T»'Í¡S quite a field day at tile Court-house on Tuesday; th ? cauirlSign was opened, the new "unmet the old 'u»4tl!e loscin was sound ed a-nd guer r-re was llie order of tho day. Anyway, we are n it used tolll this ener!i\, Mr. Go.lfrry ; wu don't want tn bc roused up in il is way ; we 1 l:c lo tull «long quietly, and «lo lilians uniica'ily, nice, and agreeably. D've Understand, Mr. G. Inspector Sladen cn tlic Hench, methinks, is better than l'rolossor Sladen on the plat form. Very muchly so ! T c pig racket : Davies on pigs ; or pigs on Davies, which ? lt's alon;; linc that h is no turtv;i;r. True cnouuh, asan old saying, but ne line nur a short LAN'E in whom there's not a bit of turning. A Working man of Sydney very sei-.siblv objects lo the propose i new holiday on the 2-llh December, lt is all very fine for Civil Servants, who are paid for h dú'.ays, to clam our for more ; not sci with thc bread winner, who has hungry mouths to feed. It occurrs to roe that there «re already too roany holidays ; -some jiien never get any, and iheo get birt half'a toaf-r*notbet holiday or two would deprive tkem of that. hl-^V^fßv^^'i^iii*m$.$h* protec tive>p^;le8, >vith euphoriîa» .pame of V BoojuoV'^T^efi to ihe Herald something S^^^iiin^^iinrl «teel w>li,V»d delivers Ui^l(iM^1^H^di«t -Ä is- better that the Government should accept the highest and nut the lowest tender, " because," forsooth, there will he more money put in circulation if you give £2 for aa article, than if you give on»y £1." 0 ! o ise " Boojum," thanks, thanks ! Let's see, suppose you »sk C l for the Chronicle in stead of 3d ; try it, sir, try it ; be a public benefactor, and get rich at the same time. " You can't even play a game of cricket .but what you import political feeling into it," sud a veil-known liruizer the other day, 'at Richmond ; and he lookjtf Uily as he said it. hut no one responded". Caution, you know, is strong with some people. Yes, Spurzheimand Coombe said that ex cessive caution might be considered coward ice. It is said that when the division on ' the second rendit)'/ of the Lan'!-Uill took place. Sir John Rub -rtsou seemed much hurt, «nd was an object of pity. I fail to see why Sir John ft ibertson should he so much pitied and petted above all other men. 1 say, with Bruce Smith, thnt Sir John RoSertsnn docs not deserve all Ibis sym pathy ; he crea'ed ali the difficulties which beset land legislation, and most obstinately and egntistica'ly declined to see his error, which he would now p.-rpetuate. Pity, in deed ! Alluding to Garrett, Mr. Smith said " tho honourable member bas supplied me with a very good bullet." " Only a blank charge" s dd M nd gee Taylor. " Blank ch ir^ej are q lite sufficient for the Opposition ai pre sent," retorted Bruce. ft occurs to me that Bruce S.nith is able for the hest of 'em in the Assembly- old or young, long or short, native or imported and like b's great namesake, will make a name in history, One might almost suppose that thc action of n certain Sanitary reformer, and man of the people, in conting down upon the grun ters, was rather on account of the national antipathy tn p ilk than any desite to rob the poor niau of his rasher. But after all, thc Jewish law against the us;e of swiuos-flesli-is rcaso table, ns fat o>- oily food is not good for warm weather diet; thus, though we of the Anglo Saxon .ace cannot see th s, a "chosen one" can, and therefore sauit ites on purely philanthro pic grounds. Of coures he does. A Newcastle friend has sent me a " War Cry"; now, why did he adopt this method of doing me an injury. I have been disturbed ,te,Jhink .vliat a 'ot of fools tfhere »ust jbeup in the coaley city,"to' lei-', a . *' War Cry1' of any sort disturb their usual {serenity. The copy forwarded, has n rough plate for a cen tr.» piece, headed "A Silvation Sol der's H;ippy Home." The soldier, a» rep resented, sits down to tea with his cap on - wlvch is h id manners-and he reids in tho "War Cry" about "Salvation," while his Missus looks as if she was listening io a ghost story, or thc list snake yarn-hut I see nu ch dd rc n about ¡ what coustitutes the " happy h illie" then Í I think there was something xvrong in the editoiial bonnet last week. You, my dear Sir, left our worthy Mayor out of your police re iort, and your esteemed contemporary stuck our Inc il Police News under the head nf Richmond. Trouble, I am afraid, is turn ing the.heads of both. VULCAN. 