TROTTING TRICKERY. (FHOM THE CALIFORNIAN SPORTSMAN AND BREEDER.) In the autumn the schemer's fancy lightly turns to thoughts of securing a dilapidated trotter with a faBt record, and by trotting him at three-miuute races at county fairs gaining f >r himself the wherewithal to purchase oats during the winter months. But, although the evil of 41 ringing" is still a eerious oue to the trotting turf, there exists at present but little chance tor the promoters of such iniquity to obtain any great amount of money by machinators. But in the dats gone by the condition of affaire was different, and many are the interesting storieB told of how horses with records low in the twenties were carried about the country for purposes ot fraud. One of the best of these is in relation to the notorious Small Hopes, now the property of Mr. Vanderbilt, that in the fall of 1875 made the famous campaign of outlawry which resulted in the expulsion from National Association tracks of the horse, and all who were connected with the affair. Charley Perkins, a resident of Rochester, N.Y., and a well-known sportcharacter, was general manager of the expediting, the other par Lies interested in the scheme being Deyo, a Michigan horseman, who owned Small Hope?, aod Billy M'Guigan, tbe driver. After a successful career in lbe West, where Small Hopes trotted as Lotbair, Lapland, &c.;, a jump was made to a town in Massachusetts, for the purpose of giving the horse a rest. While there, the entries for a fall meeting to be held at Boston were about to close, and on tbe night when it was necessary to make the nomination Perkins aud M'Guigan were seated in the readingroom of the hotel where they were stopping. M'Guigau secured pcu and paper, and was ready to write out the entry. " What classes shall we put him in ?" he asked Perkins. " The 3.0 and 2.40," was the reply. " All right. What shall we ca*l him this time?" Perkins hesitated for a moment, but oull think of nothing suitable. Fiuallv M-'Guigan'e eye was attracted by the heading, in big black letters, of a newspaper article which lay on the table. The Westbrook Tragedy," read M'Guigan aloud, " what's that ?'' " That's it," said Perkins, " call bim Westbrook," and so tbe entry of Westbrook was duly forwarded. When the day of the race arrived," said M'Guigan, telling the story not long ago to a party ot acquaintance?, " the little horse could go like a shot. Tbe 3.0 class was the first called, and there were nine starters. Perkins and I had canvassed the situation, and coucluded to lay Small Hopes up the first heat iu order to make the betting good. So when the word was given I took him in hand and finished last, a grey mare winning tbe heat in 2 29 and being evidently the best one in the lot. As Small Hopes could trot in about 2.16 we felt easy, and bought every pool on our horse. When a start for the second heat was made, I gave Small Hopes his bead, and the little fellow went around the first time like a ghost Just before reaching the quarter pole I noticed that two other horses were alongside of me, aud so when we struck into the back stretch I clucked to my horse, and as be at once struck a 2.20 gait I concluded that tbe other pair would soon be far in the rear. I went to tbe halfmile pole at a fearful clip, and soon after passing that point happened to look around over my right shoulder ; there were tbe other two horses lying on my wheel as unconcerned as if we were only out for a jog. I was*considerably surprised, but supposed that in some unaccountable manner Small Hupes must have lost his speed, as otherwiee I could not imagine how the others had kept so close to me. I drove aloi>g, and soon saw that my hoise could beat them, although he had to keep bustling to do it. Down the home stretch we rame neck- and-neck, but ju9t at the finish I let loose of Small Hopes a little, and he won the heat by a nose. Pretty soon the time was announced—221|—and then the secret was out. There were two other ringers besides Small Hopes in the race, and each man had laid up his horse in the first heat to get good betting. We got it, but it didu't do us any good, for the judges declared race, pools, and everything else off, and we considered ourselves lucky to get out of the town alive." 