Caulfield Next Saturday. The Amateur Turf Club hold another tryst at their beautifully arranged Caulfield oourse on Saturday afternoon, the events to be decided being a Selling Race, of 50 sovs., four furlongs ; Hurdle Race, of 76 sovs., one mile and a half ; Glen Quntly Handicap, of 100 sovs., one mile ; Steeplechase, of 100 sovs., two miles; and Armadale Handicap, of 50 sovs., five furlongB. The nominations made on Monday are fairly successful, and the weights appear on our list to-day. Ac ceptances, on this occasion, are at scale. Mr. Bond bos made the usual excellent arrange ments for special trains, and has done his " level best" to pray for a clear sky. For the Hurdle Race, Rhesus heads the list with 12st. 4lb., and evon with that heavy impost he would finish either first or second, as the quality of the cattle opposed to him is very indifferent The distance is only a mile and three-quarters, and Buzza, Pride, and Blaok Prince should have the most to say at the finish. The Glen Huntiy Handi cap, over a mile, follows, and here Gudarz, with 9at. 91b., with all his weight, ought to have an easy win, the only ones likely to tronble him being Doncaster, Essex, and Kathleen Mavourneen. The Steeplechase has sixteen entries, amongst them Simpleton, who, if fit, oould win anyhow. The sensa tional Hubbub, the hero of the late Sydney Steeplechase, is also nominated. On paper Simpleton, Sailor, and Hubbub look tbe best. The Armadale H&ndioap;, a spin of five furlongs, has Gudarz with lOst. 6tb. as top weight. The Ghost or Sir Charles should win. Nominations for the Sydney Turf Club's rich races, to be run on Queen's Birthday at Randwick, closed on Monday and are duly published to-day. The Birthday Cup, of 500 sovs., with 20 eors. sweep, one utile and a half, has the handsome number of 64 entries, embracing most of the best animals in training across the border, besides a sprink ling of Victorian nags ; and the Royal Stakes, of 200 eors., with 10 eors. sweep, three quarters of a mile, bos tbe largo number of 68 engaged. Weights are to be declared on Mon day, 30th April, and General Entries are due on Thursday, 10th May. Sereral other capital item ore included in the programme, as, for instance, the May Stakes, of 150 tors , for two-year-olds— the winner to be sold for £250, which properly excludes such Youngsters as Warwick, Archie, Copra, etc. ; Hurdle Race of 150 sore. ; Selling Plate of 150 eors., and Ladies' Bracelet Race, in which tbe three placed horses each reeeire trophies respectively valued at £80, £30, and £20. Such a " bill of fare" is positively sumptuous ; and, thank goodness, I snail be present to hare "a cut in," as the happy coincidence of the Champion Glove contest taking place on the following Saturday will necessitate my presence in Sydney. ' Elstebnwick mixed meeting oame off on Saturday, and proved as successful as oould be expected under the eurfeit of racing during the week— viz., Sale on Wednesday and Thursday, and Baxter's Flat on Friday. A regular report is given elsewhere, from which it will be seen that the 3 Minutes Trot was won by Dick Goldsborongh ; the 2.46 by Sylph ; the Flyiog Stakes by Gudarz ; and Hurdle Raoe by Merry Maid. Yea Races are to be run to-morrow, ac ceptances and general entries being to day. The Laoblan Club's events require atten tion to-morrow (Thursday, 19th), when acceptances have to be deoUred for the first Hurdle Raoe, Hillston Handicap, and New market Handicap. General entries are on Thursday, 26th tost. Portland weights oome out next Saturday, and the date for aoceptanoe is 1st May. The nominations are very good, and it ia to be hoped the handicapper will give euoh satisfaction that few owners may nave oaose to complain. Final Payments, Acceptances, and General Entries for the South Australian Jockey Club races must be made on Monday next, 23rd inBt., and I heartily hope no nominator will allow this notice to escape him. The events to be attended to are as under : — Adelaide Can ... Final Payment ... £5 Goodwood Handicap „ ... £5 Hurdle Bace ... Acceptance ... £5 Novel Selling Race „ ... £2 Flying Handicap „ ... £3 Steeplechase ... ,, ... £10 Camden Stakes Entry ... £2 Maiden Plate ... „ ... £1 Selling Hurdle ... ,, ... £2 All-Aged Stakes ,, ... £1 Juvenile Selling Stakes „ ... £2 The Adelaide Racing Club should also be borne in mind, as entries for the Jumping Races and minor itenu of the three days' programme hare to reach the secretary this day week, 25th inst. The particular events comprise two Hurdles, Trial Handicap, Totalieator Handicap, two Steeplechases, Selling Race, Suburban Plate, and Corinthian Cup. Balraxald Handicaps close to-morrow, although the meeting does not come oil until 29th and 30! h May. Wekiwobth, also one of the most flourish ing inland districts of Australia, should not be neglected to-morrow, when entries are due for tbo principal events of a two dajs' pro gramme presenting good prises at well varied distances. Ths horse mentioned in last week's issue as being bought to race in New Zealand, in consequence of bis promising performances at several country meetings in Victoria, is named Theuge, not Thenge, bb constantly misprinted. He was got by imported Tim Whiffler, and Theoge is Hibernian for Tim, so that the oognomen is a very bappy one. Forwabd, by Tubal Cain from Coquette, dam of Progress, has been going through bis early eduostion in New South Wales, at the hands of Tom Brown, but has now returned to his owner, Tommy Corrigan, aud will continue schooling at Dowling Forest. And talking of Progress, this grand per former has justbpensoldby Mr. "Wm. Branch, through Messrs. Yuilleaud Co., to Mr. J. T. Smith of Malmsbury, and stands to cover in thatdistrict Dext season. " Good wine needs nobnsb," so Mr. Smith may make sure of plenty of mares if his neighbours are blessed with common 6ense. The Casterton Handicaps— which seem carefully framed on a reasonably high scale — appear to-day immediately under the weights for Coleraine, in tbe columns weekly devoted to such valuable information, and all interested can therefore make a ready comparison between tbe two productions, as so many of tbe horses are engaged at both meetings. Coleraine comes off on 26th and 27th April, being justa week after Warrnam bool, and acceptances were declared yester day, but have not reached us. Coleraine, with equally good consideration for owners, takes plaoo a few days later, tbe fixture being for 3rd and 4tn May. I hope the olerk of the weather will be kind to both alike, for it would be a ebame for any drawback to oocur when the excellent nominations promise such capital sport. Mb. "Gam> Flaneur" Long has been but a short tioi& in securing a win in the old country for Mb fortunate colours, a cablegram informing us that one of his lately acquired purchases — a four-year-old gelding, by Thunder, and most appropriately named Tonans— won a race atNewmarket, last week, called the Babraham Stakes. An old proverb says that " 'tis better to be born lucky than rich;" but when a fellow possesses the double-event faculty of a large fortune as well as good Fortune , as Mr. W. A. Long go no toriously does, then must be feel like Alex ander the Great, who wept beoause he had got all he wanted. Well dose, Mr. Bookmaker Branch ! It has frequently been a pleasurable duty for me to record that the metallic craft have a kindly band to offer in oases of private dis tress, and their subscriptions to pnblio charities would shame many professors of white-cbokerism. Gladly, then, do I quote from the Geelong Times , of Saturday laet, the following unpretentious but praiseworthy paragraph ; — " Tbe Secretary of theGeelong Hospital has muoh pleasure in acknowledging the receipt of £50 kindly forwarded by Wm. Branob, Esq., throngh Messrs. Ogilvie, Robinson, and Co., in aid of tbe funds of tbe institution. Mr. Branch wagered £60 to nothing for the Geelong Hospital that Mis taken would not win the Town Plato in the Australian Cup meeting. The little horse did the trick, aud Mr. Branch lost his money, whioh has been paid." The Heatbcote Race Clnb have decided to hold a meeting on the 17th May, and to issue a programme at onoe. As will be seen in our report of Sale Raoes, a subscription was oommenced on the ground for Meade, who broke his arm in two places by a fall Moonlight gave him in the steeple chase ; and this kindly assistance is being continued by Mr. Wm. M'Hillan, of the Viotorian Betting Rooms, who will gladly receive any donations for so deserving an object. A telegram in a morning contemporary, last Saturday, 6tated as follows: — "At tne settling over the Sale raoes Mr. William Pearson drew £747 ; Mr. W. Martin, £210 ; Mr. J. Morrison, £140; Mr. J. O. Inglis, £72 10s. ; Mr. W. £. Power, £66 ; Mr. J. M'Grade, £54 ; Mr. R. Savior, £50 ; Mr. H. TTniwAflj £16 ; and a few leaser amounts for plaoes. The financial statement of the panting showed a credit balanoe of £62 4s., and unpaid sweeps to the amount of £339 12s. remain. The club is not responsible for these moneys to the winners, and if they insist on receiving the amounts they must oolleot it from the nominators, who, if they refuse to pay, will be posted as defaulters." My own opinions on the letter part of the above paragraph are pretty plainly expressed in the first of to-day's Sporting Topics. The total amount paid in stakes by the olub was the handsome sum of £1363. The Plunger, Little Jaok, and Paul left on Monday, in charge of Mr. James Wilson, jun., to fulfil their Adelaide engagements. Little Jaok has been purchased outright by young Mr. Wilson, and will therefore oarry io South Australia the onoe properly dreaded blaok jacket and white oap of the St. Albans establishment, instead of the all white of Mr. William Braooh. I hope the new owner will have a slioe of lack at last, for be is a wMn|faifcing trainer, and a real "chip of the old block. Paul now belongs to Tom to whom Mr. Do Meatre made him a present directly after his win in the V.R.C. Autumn Selling Raoe. This is "rather high" on Mr. Plunger Walton, of Newmarket notoriety. Quoth the 2T.Y. Spirit of the Times r-u It is understood that Mr. Walton is investing liberally in race- hones, and among his projects is the forma tion of a stable in England, to whioh be will send from time to time the best Amerioan- bred horses money can purchase. We shall regret tbe loss of our best horses, but if Mr. Walton will but accompany them to England, and thus spare our American meetings his presence, we, in oommon with all well-wishers of rating, will fed gntefoL' The BaUarat Hont Club have purchased from the late bon. master, A. S. Chirnside, Esq., his psok of hounds, and the deer cart, for tbe very moderate lamp sum of £260. This will give the new bon. master, Norman WUson, Esq.— and his whips— a muoh better obanoe than if a lot of scratch hounds were got together whioh had to be brought under oommand. Things therefore being en train for taking the field, I hope soon to publish the weekly fixtures and sploy reports of the weekly runs. Young Mr. Chirnside is leaving for a station in the far north of Queensland, so, I am sorry to say, it may be aoouple of years before we see this true Corinthian in the pigskin again. The Assyrian has returned to his comfort able quarters at Mr. Agnew's homestead in Tasmania, and I am glad to record, for his sporting young owners sake, that the horse was by no means so orippled in the foreleg when walked on board tbe steamer as when he returned from Sydney. There is no hope, however, of the gallant Melbourne Cup and Bandwiok Antnmn Stakes winner ever racing again— and it wonld be a sin to attempt it. Mr. E. P. Wilson's colt, by Goldsborongh out of Dolly Varden, purchased at the Randwick sale of yearlings, sailed at the same time. Oub Adelaide correspondent sends us some interesting chat about sporting matters in the sister colony, both racing and coursing, though his letter is more anent the future than the present, nothing particular having been doing on turf or iu field. According to his account tbe local betting on the Adelaide Cup is somewhat different from Melbourne prices, Plunger being quoted at 5 to I taken, Guesswork at 10 to 1 wanted, and King of : the Vale 100 to 6 taken. Tbe Birthday Cup wageringis given at 20 to 1, and the double of the Two Cups 500 to 6 ; whilst the Adelaide Cup ana Goodwood Handicap have been operated upon at from 600 to 3 up wards. "Weights for the S.T.C. Birthday Handi cap and Royal Stakes may very probably be posted in Melbourne on Friday (tne day after to-morrow), as Mr. T. S. Clibborn, who is now on a visit to our city, has kindly promised to arrange Mr. Scarr for their transmission if possible. The new A.J.C. rule iu regard to Regis tered Race-meetings is very strict, ana I therefore warn Victorian, as well as New South Wales, owners that the penalty for running any horse at an unregistered meeting in the sister colony is perpetual disqualification for man and beast taking part at Randwick or any course under the regulation of the premier club. Toe Hubbub- Hopeless inquiry is to be again reeumed by the A.J.O. committee daring the middle of the present week. Since their last confabution over the affair instructions have been given for the Victorian police tofossickoutany obtainableinformation as to the alleged identity of tbe two animals, and threats are held oat of proceedings for conspiracy being taken in case of any con demning faots being learned. The book makers still refuse to pay over the disputed steeplechase, and tbe matter is both dis agreeable and difficult for a sporting paper to handle until some decision is arrived at. A Gippsland correspondent sends word that there is a chit-chat in local sporting circles anent getting up a National Steeple chase about mid-winter, for a handsome stake, and that liberal private subscriptions are already promised. I hope the gossip may result in business, for we are terribly snort of cross-country horses now, and extra induce ment is therefore needed to bring out more jumpers. Tub highly bred and powerfully formed Bundoora Park yearlings, whioh Mr. Sam. Gardiner sent a short time since to New Zealand for disposal, did not reach the reserve price when offered at the olose of last month, and were therefore withdrawn. I rather wonder at so liberal purohaser coming forward, inasmuoh as the reoent successful performances in Maori-land of the colts Bundoora and Turquoise should have caused an active competition for youngsters from the same careful breeder, very probably, how ever, the soon subsequent sale by tbe N.Z. Middle Park Company of the yearlings by tbe King of Clubs, out of m&ros; locally well known, ososed tbe more likely buyers to defer investment on the juvenile Victorians. The said Middle Park lot were all disposed of at the fair average of 173 guineas for the dozen put up, thehighest price realised being 626 guineas for a chestnut eon of Idalia. This coveted oolt fell to tbe bid of Mr. Pilbrow, but private information has reaobed me that the actual purchaser is Mr. " Ready Money" Robinson, the racing partner of Mr. H. P. L&sse.; I hope to hear shortly th«t Mr. Gardiner's exportation have fetched satis factory figures. Mb. W. S. Cox advertises to- day that tbe first meeting on bis new course, which he calls the Moonee Valley Course, is fixed for Monday, 2nd July next. The course is exactly four miles from Melbourne, tbe fourth mile poet being at the back of tbe stand, which is at present in course of erection. The track will be a mile and a quarter round. It has been ploughed, and all will be ready for a successful opening on the day named. In our columns will be found this week no lees than eight challenges or acceptances of challenges. These inolude auolte, wrest ling, bicycling, boxing, step-dancing, and peaestrianism. The majority of these have been made direotly through the medium of the Sportsman, and are strong evidenos that the object we nave consistently and steadily kept in view, that of encouraging and foster ing true sport of all kinds, has been attuned. We are always ready to promote matches of this sort, for there iB no truer method of drawing true sportsmen oloeely together than by means of honest and friendly rivalry. The first hunting fixture of the abort season to be given in the vioinlty of Sydney by the Northern Club took place a few days since at Borwood, and my correspondent writes me that there were nearly 100 mounted men, and several ladies, at tbe meet. Mr. Edward Terry acted as master — young Mr. Bales having gone for a trip to the old country— and a drag was drawn over a ooontry sufficiently stiff to try the courage of the riders, and the ability of their steeds. My friend " Nemo," of the Spdney Mail, was the first to oome to grief through the break ing of his hone's girths; out I doubt whether he will grant that such ' parting" waa " sweet sorrow." The run turned out pretty enjoyable, but the sport will be better when both bipeds and quadrupeds get ae- oustomed to their work. 