Tlie V.A.T.C. Weights. On Monday Mr. Barnard isfucd his handi- caps for the events of tbe V.A.T.C. Boxing Day programme, and it cannot be said that they evoked very favourable comment. In tact, already the pen lias been at work, for tbe owner of Boolka scratched his colt as soon as lie saw he wbb given 9et. 121b. io tbe Mulvorn Handicap, and Trumpeter bos been withdrawn from the Steeplechase, and Van guard from the Hurdle llace. Stationer is alsonumbered with the missing in tbe Malvern Handicap, but that is due to the fact that the son of Fireworks and Paper met with a slight accident that necessitated hie being thrown out of work. General Jacke-on has had tbe weight taken off him to a good tuuo in tho Hurdle Race, and Matador is also well in, while Sparke and Yarrce arc not overburdened with weight. In the Summer Cup, Hurricane, with his Derby weight up, should be about, for a luilu and a quarter ntid a distance should suit him better tlinna milu aud a half, aud I should take him to be ibc best of tho top weights. Phautom's winning brackets bare not been earned in such good compaoy that he is entitled to Sat. Sib., but Anglesey and Baron von Mueller, at the same weight, are not badly in. Chuckster I don t onto <« at n similar Impost, but Ike, with lib. less, may be dangeious. Dukedom is next on the list that strikes me as favourably treated, and I do not know wbnt Tabletop has done that he should only bo in receipt of lib. from the \ .R.C. Han dicap winner. What, too, has Vernct, who has run roost moderately, done to entitle him to be put up to Tot. 71b., or ouly lib. below Squireeu, while Guy Fuux, a horse that oomes with fuirish credentials fromTsemania, gets in at Cst. 10lb., and Omelette receives no less than a stone from Sir W. J. Clarke's colt. If Albambra is well, be should have a good say ia the Steeplechase, for which, now that Trumpeter has been ecratched, Rory O'More holds the prido of place in the order of weight with 12et. Both Phantom and Linda have had it piled on them unmercifully in the Malvern Handicap, hut- Bis Bis has got in pretty well, though I doubt if she is partial euougn to anything over Ave furlongs. Verneb has again got it hot, and Prodigal with 7tt. Dlb., or 2lb less, cannot have tbo ghost of a show with either Chloris or Josephine, judging by his form at the V.R.C. Spring Meeting, but Castaway might have had a pound or two more on her back, and so might Gymkhana. 