RACHEL'S TROTH: OR THE LOST MAN, By War. C. Honeymant, Author of "Little Nell," "Fame." "Broken on the Wheel," "Not Proven," &c.; Chapter X,—The Meeting of the Lovers. Mrs. Halsteads answer to the terrified girl was to move forward as swiftly as she had shrunk back and enwreathe the supposed ghost with her arms and kiss him again and again iu a manner that made him look very real and human. She spoke to it, too, in a low tone, much as one might speak to a living man. " Oh, Harry I was it right—was it prudent for you to come here?" she exclaimed, "to breathe the same air with that faithless girl, and at such a time? To-morrow is her wedding-day." "I know it," wearily answered the stranjger in Harry's old and well- remembered, tones. " I should have known it, felt it within me, even.if you had not told me iu your letter; and I knew it was to be here—in this place, though you never named that." "And your promise to keep away? Why have you broken that?" said Mrs. Halstead in gentle reproach. . " I know not, I |was drawn here. I could not have been kept back though solid walls had beenbuilt to keep meand such a human like look. Of anguish swept across his face that the servant, reassured, advanced a pace nearer, No-spirit from the unseen world-could 'suffer suoh pain as for a moment was written in that handsome face. "It is folly," ejaculated the mother almost fiercely. "It is love," he gently answered; "love cannot be folly, for heaven is made of it." "«It looks real and living," said the servant in a half frightened tone, still advancing dubiously. "Are you not drowned and dead, : Mr. Harry ?" "No, indeed, Jenny, lass," he answered, rousing himself a little, and throwing out a trace of his old smile as he gasped the ser vant's hands in his own. "Did my mother not tell you how I escaped clinging to the oar they threw after me in the storm, and then was picked up by a Dutch vessel and carried away to the Cape 1" "No, she did'nt," said the servant promptly. "I thought you were drowned and lost ihthe storm—everybody thought-—" "Yes, itjwas an awful night, and every one thought you would not escape," hurriedly interposed Mrs. Halstead. "Jenny, dear, run and get supper ready, for Mr. Harry has come a long journey, all the way from Lon don; and listen," she added, running after the girl for a moment, while the supposed \- ghost wandered wearily into the parlor; " I want you to keep a secret for one day. I think I may trust you, and I shall reward you well, Jenny." " Yes, ma'am; what is it?" " Let no one—not a soul—know that my son is alive, or that he is here. You under stand. He was cruelly jilted and thrown off by that girl Morrison, the manufacturer's daughter, and he does not want people to be staring at him, and pitying him, or calling here at the house and making remarks that would cut him to the heart. She will he married to-morrow, and away onher wedding i tour^ and after that, of course, he will not care. Jenny, you've been a faithful servant to me; you've never carried a storyor a word ■ • out of this house yet. I. trust this to you." " Thank you, ma'am. I'll take care nobody knows, and not a Soul shall get within the door to-night, or to-morrow," said Jenny with great energy. "What a shame to throw him off like that and break his heart. Poor Harry, he's not like the same man." "Ah, it's a sore trial for the poor hoy," acquiesced Mrs. Halstead, delighted to find her servant so pliant. " If she had only loved him half so well as he loves her! But . its always the way; a man may woo where he wills, but he maun marry where his weird is. There's a good wife waiting for him some where, I've no doubt, as soon as he gets over this cross." "Indeed there must be," said Jenny fervently; "the best lady in Forfarshire \- would be proud of him, and won't < there be rejoicings all over when it's known that he's alive, and escaped the storm after all V "Yes; hut not a word about that just now," said her mistress warningly. "Ob, no—of course—I know my duty, ma'am," said Jenny readily, "but its so strange and unexpected—just like the things you read in story books, which no one ever believes. I wonder you could have kept the secret so long. If it had been my son, I would have run out and told che whole town, and had the bells ringing in five minutes." "Ah, but every one isn't made alike in this world, Jenny," observed her mistress darkly. "I like the quiet way best; and you know we must regard his feelings." " To be sure—to be sure," responded Jenny with warmth. " I hope the cruel jilt will think of it, and he sorry for it to her dying day. What women there are in the world! they seem to have no heart at alL" "No heart at-all," said Mrs. Halstead with emphasis, and then she hurried away to re join her son in the snug palor. She found him leaning with both elbows, on the mantel* .piece and gazing with misty eyes at a photo graph of Rachel, which'stood there in a little easel frame. The hand of the mother went round him and quickly removed the portrait, with but little demur ou his part, till he saw her slipping ont the card and preparing to throw it into the fire. "No, not yet—not yet, mother dear," he faintly exclaimed, putting out a hand to stay her, "Let me keep it forj a little while." "Tut! and she to be another man's wife to-morrow," impatiently retorted his mother, " Would it be manly or honorable, Harry?" His grasp relaxed, and the print went into the fire and was burned to ashes. "I wish I could burn her out of my heart as easily," he sighed. " Is she really happy, mother? Can she be happy after being so treacherous tome—pledging her troth to me while all the time she was loving and caress ing that man—probably engaged to marry him." " She must be happy when she has got the man of her choice," said Mrs, Halstead, with a slight tinging of the cheeks. " Why should she not be happy? You know she is to be married to-morrow." " I know—I know," he brokenly returned, • in tones which went straight to tue mother's heart, and made her questionfeverishly if she was doiDg what was best even for'her own interests; "but when she heard that"I was safe, that I had hot gone down in the storm, did she not show some feeling—did she nob appear glad, or sorry, or moved ?" ' " I cannot tell. I never asked," said Mrs. Halstead,-getting more confused; "but why will you speak of her ?" "Because she is all the world to me; all outside of her is a blank to me," said Harry, with growing excitement. "When she gave me her troth I could have staked my . soul upon her faith, and yet all was changed in an hour. Was she not sorry when the boat came home and I not in it ? and I thought to be drowned and lost?" " Perhaps she was; if she had a hear t at all she must have felt sorry knowing that her faithlessness had sent you to sea that night," answered Mrs. Halstead, with concentrated venom. " I saw her on the pier that day when your boat came in, and you were thought lost. Her arm was drawn into John Hunter's, and she was looking np in his face and smiling. I lost patience then, and. screamed out and denounced her before every one as the cause of your death. - If I had kept in my wrath it would have killed me." (To be continued. 