SPORTING NOTES. By " Newmarket," Favoured by gloriously fine weather, the Hawkesbury Spring Meeting was success fully- concluded on Saturday, and notwith standing that most of the members of the ring had withdrawn their support from the gathering, the special trains were densely crowded, ancT the attendance was the largest ever seen at Hawkesbury, The action of the, bookmakers in refusing to attend was not united, and about fifteen, renegade i metallicians were licensed by the club, j During toe afternoon it was discovered that \ two of the. privileged ones were defaulters : from, the bill at Fiemington, and complaints were made that the. committee did not eject them from the course. Mr, Rickards, as starter, got hiB fields away fairly well, though a delay ooourred in the starting of- the Mares' Produce Stakes and the KSdles Bracelet, owing to the eagerness of several of the riders to anticipate the fall of the flag. The day ended disastrously to backers, as none- or the favourites won, the victory of First Demon being a veritable skinner to the ring: Kingsdale's overthrow in the Mares' Produce Stakes was another blow to the bold backer who laid odds on the Guineas winner. I fancy, however, that Gainsforth did not make sufficient use of the Maribyr- nong colt when he entered the straight, and that Cclley caught him napping. The Queensland Le Grand comes from a running family, and is fall brother to Lothair and Legerdemain. That he can gallop, too, and is of undoubted gameness, were clearly demonstrated by the resoiute finish hejran, for at the turn it looked any odds'" on Kinged ale. The pair will .meet to day in the A J.C. Derby, when I fully expect to see Mr. Stewart's colt avenge his defeat. If the result of the Hawkesbury Handicap is to be taken as an augury of the future, backers are not destined to have a very rosy time of it during the season, for a more genuine surprise could hardly have been imagined than the victory of First Demon. The winner was got by Gemma di Vergy, from Lillian, by Barbarian. That he should be a good one is not to be wondered at, as Mainstay, the dam of his sire, is from Mainbrace, Fisherman's dam. He is engaged in the Metropolitan at 16st, and the Melbourne Cup at fist 71b, and as he has only incurred a 51b penalty, he ought to be very dangerous if he can stay, which his running on Saturday would seem to indicate. I always regarded First Demon as a promising coir-, and though I did net j fancy his chaDce at Hawkesbury, I narsed j amongst the twenty I selected to furnish the 1 winner of the Melbourne Cup. Sardonyx, as I anticipated, ran into a place, but j Gloucester and Masquerade sadly di&ap-; j pointed me. I fancy, however, that the long pilgrimages the brother of Goldsbrcugh was subjected to on the training-ground at Randwick, in company with Segenhoe and Morpeth, militated against his chances, and this remark may also be applied to the favourite Yately, who evidently j left the race on the training-ground. Gloucester, Masquerade, and Yately all held prominent positions throughout the raee, but they were done with at the turn, and First Demon sailed into the straight with a commanding lead, which he held to the end, and ran home an easy winner by three lengths from the constant and true, but very unfortunate, Sardonyx, who only beat Despot by a bead. Norman, who, it is said, beat Sardonyx in a trial at level weights a few day 8 before the race, got blocked at the turn, or he would have been very near the leaders. The bookmakers won largely over the victory of First Demon, while those who had books j on the treble event — Hawkesbury, Metro politan, and Melbourne Cup — and bad laid I over 1,000 wagers, had never once written the I winner s name. By his easy win in the' Two- year-old Stakes, Honeydew added consider ably to the reputation of his sire Golds- brough, whose young stock have been very I successful this season. The style in which Sting's half brother cut his field down, and ran the three furlongs in the fast time of 38b6c., should make him a very dangerous outsider for the Maribyrnong Plate. Norman improved considerably on his Handicap run- mag in the Ladies' Bracelet, by carrying 2st more and winning a desperate race from Soldier Boy, who had previously landed the j Members' Handicap, Raven ran a good | horse, and was only a head behind Soldier Boy. j Some praise is due to the committee of the Hawkesbury club for the firm stand they took with the bookmakers, and I believe that it is the intention of Mr. Guest's club to w ork the totalisator amongst its members for the future. Of course, if the members of the ring think the demand made by the Hawkes bnry Race Club is more than they can afford, they are perfectly right to refuse ; still, book- making is a very lucrative calling, and as the club go to considerable expense in advertising and arranging for special trains for the transport of the bookmakers' clients to the course, it is only fair that they should contribute something towards the expenses. Since the meeting the j metallicians have held a meeting, and decided, very foolishly, I think, never to go to Hawkesbury again, and further, about £1,000 has been subscribed to hold a counter demonstration to the next Hawkesbury meet ing, but cf course before this threat can be carried out it will be necessary to obtain the i use of a racecourse, and as it is hardly likely that any racing body would oppose the ; Hawkesbury club, I am afraid the rival meet- , ing will fall through. Although the celebrated American trotting stallion Contractor only enjoyed a brief sojourn at the stud in his native land before his importation to this colony, be has already made himself famous as a sire, for at a large and fashionable sale in Kentucky, where (says the Breeders' Gazette ) probably nocbing ever brought more trotting horse breeders together than the great combination sale of Messrs. Woodard and Basfieid, when 260 head were disposed of, realising 87,315dol., the highest priced lot being a grandly-shaped filly of the purest gait, and showing a high rate of speed, named Carrie, by Contractor from a thoroughbred mare, who was finally knocked down for l,5Q0dol. This result must be highly gratifying to Mr. J. J. Miller, the owner of Contractor, who exercised a wise discretion in securing such a highly-bred animal as. the son of Ajax and Lady Godly. Contractor is at the services of breeders at the small fee of £10 10s., and as it is clearly shown that he can transmit all his excellence of conformation' and beauty of style to his stock, he should be eagerly sought I after by those possessing a suitable mare. i From Western Australia I learn that the Totaiieafcor Bill has passed through com- ' mittee. A strong petition, however, is in course of signature against the measure. The Victorian horses Belie Brandon. Ontario, Basilisk, The Joker, and Songster have arrived in Sydney. One of the largest and most valuable shipment of horses that have ever left Australia will be despatched to Calcutta on Monday by the Steamship Neweemen. The lot will oomprise flatracers, hurdleracers, steeplechasers, gallowaye, trotting ponies, and Indian remounts, the progeny of Smuggler, Dante, Maribyrnong, Rapid Bay, Lecturer, Hawthornden, St. Albans, Argus Scand&l;, Glorious, Froto-Martyr, and 9th&r; an Mhmwbmms— — — — — aaa— — i — — f— celebrated sires. Mr. E. Weeks, the well- known racing . man, will take over by far the largest string, comprising, . amongst others, Mistaken, Red Rover, The Ghost, Kanaka, (the fiatracer), Beliadrum, Van Tromp, Mariner, Cavilier, Nigger, Deles, Lighfcfoot, Beaufort, Tocal, Euio, Othello, Glory, Dictator, Gem, Osmond, Bluebell, Moribund, and Little Louie. Messrs. W. C. Yuilie and Co. report having sold the thoroughbred stallion Calami a, by Maribyrnong from Luna, to Mr. John Walsh, of Euroa. Whatever may be the outside opinion as to tbe merits of the handicap for the Campbelltown (Tasmania) Steeplechase, Mr. P. G. Monaghan has succeeded in satisiying nearly all the original nomi nators, for out of an entry of eighteen, tbe large number of fifteen have accepted, the top weight, Kanaka, being amongst those who have cried content. Not knowing many of the horses engaged, it would be follv to attempt to anticipate the result, but Kanaka is so much superior to any of his opponents, that if he were to strip anything like the form he was in when Mr. Howie sold him, he would be hard to beat. Amongst the list of entries for the Maiden Steeplechase to be decided at the same meeting I notiee the name of tbe late Victorian horse Yerlo, and as he is a sure jumper, and will not be likely to meet anything wish much foot, he will probably recoup his owner on hie first essay in the " tishfc little island." Half-past 2 on Monday afternoon saw me seated behind a horse of uncertain colour, tooled by a patriarehial Jehu, and bowling merrily along the Fiemington road, at a 5mm. clip, en route for the Moonee Valley race course. Mr. Cox — Samivel, you know — the festive proprietor of the new venture, and two other gentlemen occupied a seat in the same vehicle. After a pleasant drive of about j twenty minutes, we reached the new con vincing ground — a charmingly - situated spot cn the banks of the Moonee Ponds Creek. As, however, a descrip tion of the course and its surroundings will be found in another column, I shall confine my remarks to the running track, which, save for a slight ascent on the south west corner whieh will be encountered soon | alter the start, is one of the best -outside of I Fiemington, about six furlongs of the eourgo I being almost dead level. Although the going I will perhaps be rather heavy for the opening I meeting on the 15th inst., a few showers of j rain will soon consolidate the newly-made j ground, when nothing will be wanting to I render the coarse the very best to race on, j while, as a training ground for youngsters, it will not be surpassed. The whole of the track will be railed round, which will do away with the objectionable posts that are invariably used to mark the course. An excellent steeplechase course has been laid out, the fences along the side stretches being perfect, while the log-wall is a formidable obstacle. By including a water-jump in courses, steeplechasing at Moonee Valley will be invested with some of the interest which attaches to great jumping events at Liverpool. Besides, what a peg it will be for sporting writers to hang i their descriptions of the chase on, and such expressions as " nearing the brook," " approaching tbe brook," " crossing the brook," and "passing the brook," will be quite familar to newspaper readers. When the course is completed, I believe it is Mr.\ Ocx's intention to allow owners to try their young onea on the running ground as a privilege, only that a small fee will be charged. After having a good look around, we gave our charioteer the office, and started for the ) eitv. On our way, we oalled at the Btables formerly occupied by Mr. F. F. Dakin, where four Norman Pecheron stallions are located. The animals have recently been imported from France by Mr. Learmonth, and, as they possess great bone and strength, with very little hair and more beauty and activity than the Clydesdale, they should prove a decided acquisition to the coaching and roadster stud of Australia. One of the lot, i Figaro, is a handsome dapple grey, of excellent proportions, with fine free action I and handsome carriage ; indeed, a charac- I teristio of the lot is their taking style of goin«r. Those having horses engaged at the forth coming meeting of the Bailarst Turf and Hunt Club will be relieved of some of their anxiety on Monday next, when Mr. Barnard will publish the handicaps of the great jumping events to be decided at Bowling Forest on tbe 21st and 22nd met. The Wyndham Racing Club have fixed their next race meeting for the 27th September, when the following programme will be offered : — Handicap Hurdle Race, of 40 so vs., one mile and a half ; Spring Handicap, of 60 so vs., one mile and a quarter ; Selling Handicap, with allowances, five furlongs ; Steeplechase, of 40 sovs., two miles ; Flying Handicap, of 40 so vs., three- quarters of a mile. " The South Australian Jockey Club," says " Trumpator," of the Adelaide Observer , " are steadily gaining ground in popular opinion, and ere long I hope weehali see the prejudice against the Morphetvills racecourse entirely eradicated. The addition of Mr. Stirling 1 and Mr. Mann to the list of the stewards is a j great gain to the public, as these gentlemen understand racing, and will act when they see anything in the shape of suspicious riding, j I do not think we have had much of this sort of thing at Morphettville, but still it is a satisfaction to know that there are oomnetent men to look after individuals who may be inclined to further their interest by an occasional shunt." Writing of a visit to the | training ground the same authority says : — " Kohinoor, the Melbourne Gup horse, looked remarkably well as he was stripped to do a mile and a quarter with Vagabond ; but after going six furlongs the son of Fiseatoc dropped away, and was beaten to nothing at the finish. Vagabond did the best time of the morning, and has probably improved a bit since bis race with Footstep." Good entries have been received for the Adelaide Hunt Glub racee, to he run for oii 6th October. In the Maiden Hunt Steeplechase eleven entries have been received ; Members' Hurdles, eleven ; Hunt Club Cud. ten j Tallyho Flat Race, ten ; Drag Gap. thirteen i Grand National Steeplechase, twesdv, j The action Thompson v. the Adelaide Raoing Glob Wrfi be continued about tbe middle of the prtisent month. The tollGiog bfiarials have been appointed by the S.A.J.O. far the year— - Steward— -Qou, y, QtQsjfir, jgbjijk R. 0 "Baker, Mr. W. B. Bonnsevell, B. I B. Hughes, Mr, P, Levi, Mr. J. L Stirling, . M.P.; and fte Hon.G. Mann, Q.G, 1&. W. Filgefe has consented to set as etartec at the ring meeting. Dor Sydney cdnslas w:H rskogarate the pritig rasing camivQi to-day (Saturday and jadge by the a&acust; of iateresi that has ached to the meeting for some weeks past, the gathering promises to be a great success, As the relations between the A.J C. the hcoiJa&berE; are of the most cordial, nearly all the leading Victorian peaciilets have taken "4?ing to Sydney, sad will atisnd Banawiok iu Sail ssrengfh. PrccCediags -yr&t; be ushered in. | with, the Huroie Bcc. for <yhifeh Dundreary I ?£ awarded tha steadier of list 9ib, or 2ib | siore than Bazsa, The latter, I believe, will | not start, and tire sen of The Swell will have 1 to improve considerably on his best Victorian I form to cope successfully with Basilisk, The j Joker, Ontario, and Belle Brandon, and ct ; this quartette I fancy Ontario will win. j Should First Demon get to the post for the j Trial Stakes, he ought to win easily. In his j absence, I like Bristol and Cbryeophrase. ' Contrary to general expectation, the running j of the three-year-olds at Hawkesbury has not i thrown much light on the A.J.C. Derby ; j indeed, the result has tended rather to render the subject more perplexing. Of course, Martini Henry is still the chosen one with the backers, bat there is no red-hot favourite like t there was last year, when the bine ribbon of j the «£5ter colony was regarded as only a canter j for Segenhoe. Subsequent events, however, eh.owed that this opinion was all wrong, and, ; Notwithstanding that Yeoman 8 was con- j demned on all sides for his riding of the j favourite, the result proved that the best j horse won, and that Navigator, as a three- year-old, was aiways Segenhoe's master. Mr. j Be Mestre is represented this year by Copra, 1 a ei&ter; of the gallant little black, and Wax- j light, ana the best of this pair will prove ; very hard to beat, and, as they are both at 10 j to 1, 1 would recommend an investment in their favour before either of the first favourites. Be Grand is a good honest colt, and Martini-Henry is highly spoken of, but 1 Ehall pin my faith to Kingsdale, and expect to eee Copra and La Grand follow him home. Stockdale, Masquerade, and Raven look fee most dangerous in the Epsom Handicap, and perhaps Stockdale or Bavsn will win. On Tuesday next the Metropolitan will lie decided, but as the final acceptances have not been sen" in at time of writing it is eomewhat hazardous to make a selection. I fancy, however, that the best of Mr. De Mestrea lot will win, end I take that one to be Navigator, who Is said to be in excellent form. Of the others I like Ccnnamulla, Whose reputed bad temper, I imagine, is to Borne extent a peculiarity cf the stable in which he is trained, and I am confident that whenever the "pieces5' are on, the Wagga Cap winner will take it into hi3 head to go kindly and return to his best form. After First Demon's brilliant win, it would be folly to ignore his chance, and perhaps Gloucester and Norman possesa outside chances, Dot- withstanding their defeat on Saturday. The only ether event likely to possess any interest to Victorian readers is the Steeplechase, which, in the absence of Bazza, looks a real good thing for Songster. Australian Court has been eeratched for fee A. J.C. Steeplechase. The American pencillers mast have had a real good time of it at the Monmonth Park meeting in Jnly, for the first day of the meet ing, according to the Spirit of the Time , the attendance was so. large that " the betting ring was choked, and in order to take a bet a man had to fairly climb over the backs of his fellows before he conld reach the bookmaker." The principal two-year-old evdnt of the meeting was the Hopeful Stakes, which attracted nine runners, and was won by Mr. Kittson's ch f Issaquena, by Alarm from Essayez, by Cremorne from Pillbox, by Van Galen (sire of Tim Whiffier). The winner ran the distance, five furlongs, in' lmiu. 4£sec. On the same day Parole carried 9sr, ana won & handicap sweepstakes, one mile and a half, in 2min. 42eeo. The Lorillard Stakes (formerly the Jersey Derby), one mile and a half, fell to Messrs. Dwyer Brothers' George Kenny, by Bonnie Scotland from Karhleen, who carried 8«t 61b, and wen a good race by a length. Oniy three started, and the distance was run in 3min. 39Asee. The owners of George Kenny also carried oft the Monmouth Oaks with Mi33 Woodford, by Billet from Fancy Jam. At the .Sheepshead Bay meeting, Parole (Sst 51b) beat half a dozen others in a handi cap sweepstakes of a mile and a half, the time being 2min. 39fsec. Mrs. Lacgtry's beau, Fred. Gebhardt, the adored '"masher,"' won the Stirrup Oop withjEole, by iEoIus from War Dance, who ran the two miles and a furlong in 3min. 50sec. While admitting that the met alii elans are by no means an exemplary body, in justice to the bookmakers of Melbourne, it is only fair to deny the statement th&t; the man Cooney, who is charged with brnsaUy assaulting Mr. Wolf, at the masquerade ball, belongs to the craft. What the occupation of this irascible young rough is, however, I don't know, and from what I can learn, it would be much easier to solve the "fifteen puzzle" than to determine his exact calling. All America is in ecstacies over the performance of Majolica, a bay gelding, seven years old, by Startle from Jessie Kirk, who, as a green horse, was entered in the three-minntes class, hat who astonished the beholders by. running three heats in succession in 2min. 22sec., 2min. 20fsee., and 2min. 17sec. According to the Breeder and- Sporte- man, he was not extended from the distance to fee wire, or it is bisved he would have ran heme in 2min, 16sec This remarkable performance has drawn attention to Majolica, who was originally named Stapleton, And is now the property of a chinaware merchant. He stands only fifteen hands high, but . is said to have the immense driving power of his sire. Startle, his sire, is a bay stalliou, foaled at Stoney Ford, in 1887, by Hamble- tonian from Lizzie Walker, by Laby's American Star. Good entries have been received for the Northern Jockey Club Moating, there being twenty-five each fer , the Maitland Handicap «nd the Duokenfield Park Stakes. Dirk Hatter&ick;'s performance in the B.A.J.C Derby to-day will be .watched with „ interest, and his rnaning in that event ts likely to have an important hearing on the — MM— m— — — — — — kettfh£ jfOr the Melbourne Cap. He is said . be looking and going well, and- as he is j not likely to have anything more formidable I than Sardine, he should have a comparatively ; easy task in placing the '' bloe ribbon" of < Sonth Australi-i to his owner's credit, \ The Sydney-bred horse, Vamcire, by The j Barb from Bushl'ght, was destroyed a few t weeks ago at Auckland, New Zealand. Vampire 'was formerly owned by Mr. T. j Ivory, for whom be won the Footscray cists si the Y.B.C. Spring Meeting, in ; Calamin e year. Chevy Chase, by Jobs Bull from Doefoot, : who was successful at.Eihaca, Bsnula, and other up-cauutry meetings U?t ftaon. put his foot into a bole while working at Caul- field, and bad to be de--royed. Mr. L. Z acker, a well- known member of the Victorian ring, returned to Melbourne ? early in the week after a tour through Europe and America. > Several mistakes occurred in the tracstnis- 5 sloa by telegram of the entries for the Mor- j rnmbidgee Tarr Club Spring Meeting. In = the Cap, Waterford and Doeford sbculd read filly by Water ford — Doefoat. La Belle Ehouid be Le Bean, and Favour, Favo. Byron's name j was omitted from fee Hurdie Race, and the j Princess, in the Grand Stand Stakes, should j be Primus. Nominators for the Y. A.T.C. Great Foal Stakes and Caulfield Guineas are reminded that they can get out without farther pay ment by withdrawing their horses before 4 p.m. to-day. The programme of the V.A.T.C. Spring Meeting appears in oar advertising columns, bat beyond directing attention to it. I shall defer a lengthy notice of the different items until next week. The Victorian Trotting Club have pat forward an excellent little bill of fare for their next meeting, which will be held on the 29 th inst. The programme includes fee Handicap Hurdle Race, of 30 govs., one miie and three- quarters; Maiden Trot, of 30 sovs., miie heats, five furlongs ; Handicap. oE 30 save., for two-year olds ; Briton Handicap, of 80 sovs., for three-year olds and upwards, one mile and a distance; and fee Handicap Selling Race, of 30 sovs. As nominations for each event will only be 1 soy., r&cicg; men shoold not forget to send in their entries on the 17th inst. Daring the week the gome on the training- ground at f lecaington has been considerably improved by the application of a coating of tan on the cinder track. 