THE SALVATION ARMY. (By Midnight.) The action of the Swiss Government in ex<- pelling the Misses Booth and Charlesworth, two leading members of the Salvation Army who have been forming branches of the Army in tlieir country, as indicated by telegram a short time since, confers not only a great benefit to the people of that picturesque and romantic country, but sets an example that might well be followed with advantage by all Governments, in places where the Sal vation Army have established themselves. These words are written very advisedly, know ing the largeheartedness of many of your readers, and how ready many are to take the side of any body, if they consider they are being harshly treated, and th e simplicity of the process by which leaders can pose as mar tyrs and easily gain the attention of a sym pathetic audience ; and at tlie same time I am conscious of the alarming probability that the assertions already made may perchance have a contrary influence to that they are designed to exert. But at the risk of all it is imoos- sible to stand silently by without protesting against the perpetuation of what may justly be termed the greatest misfortune and the most subtle agency thac has ever attacked the sacred edifice of Christianity. One would be grossly culpable not to acknowledge that good has been done by the Army in reclaim ing the- fallen, in dragging men from the haunts of vice and bringing them into tlie paths of virtue, in assisting the intemperate to become temperate, in stimulating the in dolent to activity and in reducing the crime list generally. Such cases as these may be tabulated, and witnesses cau be found to testify to their correctness. I am willing to argue on the grounds of "Justification and strong provocation " in favor of the Army, The plea they are justified, or that they have a right to do as they like is a right that age3 of skilful and wise legislation has firmly es tablished. To hamper the people by refus ing them the right of free speech under nearly all circumstances would be fraught with dire ful consequences. But the strongest argu ment by far they have is that of "Strong provocation." Anyone acquainted with the general attitude of the churches, can soon dissover that so far as reaching the masses are concerned the word " failure " is clearly marked. This is the result of various causes. About the modern church there is 1st. A starchy clericalism from which the lower classes shrink. 2nd. The advertisement is not large enough to attract the multitude. 3rd. The interpretation of the Scriptures has been too narrow. 4th. The line of demar cation is too clearly seen, and so among them all the poor and illiterate have been quietly left out in tlie cold. This condition was clearly seen by the founders of the Army, and they are deserving of the highest praise for stepping out of the narrow grooves which their antecedents had schooled them in, and bursting asunder the bands of conservatism, and thus devising a scheme by which the end long desired could be obtained. And yet, whilst the plea of strong provocation is thus vehemently urged, it is palpable, that in their red hot zeal they have passed quickly and re- gardlessly over the bounds of prudence, and are fast hurrying the people into a worse condition than the semi-barbarity they were previously touna in. j.c is true tney nave dispelled everything like superiority — in words — but the autocracy of thejGeneral and his subs is an apparent contradiction. The wholesale sensationalism is sufficiently at tractive, but whether its success is not due more to novelty than anything else is a question that can easily be answered. Their interpretation of the Scriptures is merely the constant reiteration of a few plausible and oftentimes nonsensical phrases and propo sitions without rhyme or reason. The act of destroying all differences and making them selves as one of the rest they are welcome to all the honor they deserve in this respect. But at the same time it must be borne in mind; that by possessing what they have, triumphing over the difficulties and thus far reaching the. ears of the masses, it has been done at such a frightful dost, that even if the expenditure were stopped at this moment, it will take years to repay the heavy obligation. I charge the Army 1st. With destroying all reverence. To stand for a moment with the detachment when it halts in the street, or go to a meeting at the Barracks, and abundant testimony is found. To hear the impudent and irreverent manner in which the words, "God" "Jesus Christ" "Holy Ghost" " Heaven and Hell " are vised is sufficient to shock all finei feelings of humanity hallowed by early association and the example of the noblest of tlie earth ; and can only be en dured by those who have grown so shock ingly familiar that the words themselves have lost their solemnity. If taking the oath in a court of justice, associated as it is with much that is dignified and majestic, tends to pro fanity, as it has been asserted it does, then surely the continual repetition devoid en tirely of anything like grandeur or stateliness, even if it be under a cloak of religions wor ship, must in many instances amount to blas phemy. But apart from this, it is grasping with unholy hands the sacred vessels and without proper regard or respect rushing in " where angels fear to tread." The ten dency of human nature is in this wise to think lightly of things it grows familiar with, and so these words, sacred as they have been for many ages past, are now torn from their snblimest scenery, and paraded before the masses without the slightest degree of rever ence. If those who are associated with, the Army exerted no influence and in the ordi- nary course of nature died off, the evil would not be so great. But as succeeding gener ations begin to learn where their forefathers left off, the demoralising effect of these teach ings will be seen, until in the end it will be said with sorrowful regret they "Fear not God, neither keep His commandments," and their condition will be worse than the un believer, who never acknowledged the Being of a God, but who is liable to conviction. These have acknowledged and accepted only to undermine the monument of His glory, and reduce the Creator to the ordinary con dition of a creature or even less. Breach of privilege, contempt of court, and treason ar© provided for in the law of our land, and yet - in this particular the greatest breach is made. The court of Heaven is treated with contempt and the honor of the King of Kings is out raged, whilst the law winks at it and the offi cers of Justice, if they have any desire to stem it, are powerless. My second charge is that it lowers 'the standard and reduces the worship to a Religious Pantomime. The merest glance at the official organ proves this. Quite recently a notice calling a meet ing appeared in the War Cry with the attrac tion that — "Just returned from Hell will to-night fight the Devil with a nightcap on." I quote from a late London paper. ".At Reading daring Passion Week handbills were distributed with the heading " Crucifixion on Good Friday a 'Crucifixion Meeting" was annonnced for, and a . Hoaanna . Meeting in the evening. The draws were "The brass band, ten saved Miriams (in Welsh cos- tome with tambos) a id a! oit 200 songsters , will play and ring special songs."..... .On Good Saturday there was to be " War Cry firing at the butts" and on Good Sunday (Each Day) at different hcu-3 a "Dying Meeting, a resiirrjction, a transformation scene, and free pardon offered." The an- _ x c „ Ttf _ i. . k m_ _ l» niHiuceiiieuii it>r iucriuay was lea uoumco and an "Indescribable." It explained that the " Washed Mountains will be in com mand " and concluded with the caution "Don't forget your souls." (If Bradlaugh and his friends are punished why are these people at large ?). The Australian War Cry is scarcely less immoderate. Is there any warrant for this in Scripture 1 Is there any indifferent 1 ice nee given to prostitute the doc trines of religion in this way? Is not the _ solemnity of the ancient Temple Service a testimony against it ? Does the example of Christ excile to these effects ? " When he- saw the multitude he went up on the moun tain, and when he was sat he opened his mouth and taught them." Paul "reasoned in the synagogue." Does not parading the tenets of Christianity as the Army does lower the standard and remind one seriously of a Bull fight or a Glai i torial Contest? A cul tivated taste and sensitive nature shrinks from it with horror, and to those who use them they are as sounding brass or tinkling cymbal. The age requires something more than sensation and sentiment. The religious people of South Australia were horrified a whiie ago, when Sunday readings were given in the Theatre Royal, from the Bible, by an actor; but rather that by far than this de- ception. In one of our seaport towns the other day one of the leaders of the Army ac costed. a local Methodist minister with the words " Hallo, old man, how are you getting on at your Gospel Shop ?". Is this honoring the place God says he delightetli to honor, and would set his iiariie there? The promise of Christianitv is to elevate humanity. " I if I be lifted up will draw all men unto me but the principle adopted by the Salvationists is instead of bringing men up to religion, they bring religion down to men. There is no warrant for doing evil that good may come. Another evil is that it destroys the modesty of women. The attention of the Legislature has been engaged quite recently on a social question of great magnitude ; but this one is almost of equal importance, f .To destroy the modesty of woman is to deprive her of one of her most' sparkling jewels. There are only a few women who can bear the strain of public life without injury. Florence Nightingales are few. The prac tice adopted of taking girls of tender age from comparative obseurity, and uneducated, and thrusting tliem. before public audiences, to articulate sentences they know not the meaning of, and then setting a brand upon them, walking in nightly processions, invest ing them with authority to -luolbst any they ... may meet and pour out their un grammatical sentences to the annoyance of their' victims, and then late at night they are dismissed", from the Barracks to be accompanied homo Viit gnmo Isiwilrm sand nil thi« nArn3#:rfl.i:id under, the cloak- of a religion that, teaches " we are to keep ourselves unspotted from the world." But the single women do not bear all the blame. Social life is endangered. The noblest sphere of a woman's operations is the home. Here the opportunities are in numerable, which she has for exemplifying the spirit of the Great Master, that not only will the husband be won, but the outside world will he attracted by " the chaste con versation coupled with fear." Let the mothers show in the home that religion is of the highest and first importance, and let the daughters, after learning this, he told and taught accordingly, Mint their mission in life is to be wives, aua a brighter da/ will sooner be obtained than by nightly carousals and torchlight processions. I speculate seriously as to what will be the result commercially by this increase of paid agents of the Salva tion Army. My own opinion is that the paid Ministry is in some respects a luxury which the caprice of the public has demanded. I believe it is on the whol - a b uvfit. Whether the number of paid agents might not be con siderably reduced without any serious injury I leave others to determine. But the evil that seems to exist with regaxd to the Salva tion Army is that many good labouring men and artisans, who at the present time are en- .1 a1_ - C_l LI A — L It i. gagea in tne oamiwon J:\rmy at iruui jjl iu £2 per week, might be following their ordin ary occupation at an advanced salary, thu's| keeping their homes respectable, educating' their childien and laying ir. slore for a rainy day. They would be able to do quite as much good work. St. Raul found time to write his wonderful epistles, accomplish his long and tedious journeys, "turn the world upside down," suffer imprisonment and pursue the art of tent-making. What has been written has not been done with any desire to lessen the agencies at present existing for producing good, but with, an earnest desire to guard the honor and glory of that noble religion which is destined to bless the world. Some are able to discern a complete differ ence between the political and commercial life, and the religious life ; but to me they are insuperably found together, and lowering the standard of religion, blotting it out, will materially effect us in every department. To lessen the evil the first step that might be taken would be to limit their visit to each, township to three or four weeks. I have gone through various townships where they have established themselves, attended their meetings, listened to the testimony of friend and foe, and I ana prepared to assert that in no low tap-room in South Australia is there more low, filthy, vulgar, oiaspnemous utter ances made than oftentimes may be heard within the building, where a Salvation meet ing is being held. These are produced in many instances by the audible responses from some of the audience. "With such assertions that may be demons t) ated any . night in the city or country, it is high time that something should be done to stop the continuance of a system that is proving itself ti be. a greater traitor than Judas Iscariot ever was. 