ELSTERNWICK PARK RACES. i The Vrsterinu Tfotting Club Limited held a 11 mixed " meeting on Saturday afternoon, on their track at Elstornwick Park. Tho weather wua all that could bo desired for racing or trotting, and a good programmo wns set forth on tho card. Still tho attendance of tbo public was not large, probably owing to tho powerful counter attraction of tho cricket match. Most of those prosont went down by rail, ordinary car riages being provided instead of caltlo trucks, such ns wero unod for the recent Wyndlmm nnd Caulficld meetings. Notwithstanding the an nouncement on lho card that tho first raco would bo called at half-past ono, nnd Blurted at two sharp, all tho events wero considerably behind time, and tho starlings for tuo trots wero a se ries of failures, tho delay bciug most vexatious to tho onlookers. Several of a lho riders and drivers were fined for not obeyino lho starter's or dors, Tlio Bavarian band was present, nnd played a number of choice selections during tho afternoon. Tlio first event on tbo card was tho Maidon Trot, which brought out seven competitors, the winnor turning up in Dick, by Yonng Australian, who did tho two miles in 0 miu. 3A Bee, Tho winner is a white horse and is put down in tho card ns a two-ywr.old. If this bo correct he is a most wondorful trotter for his age. ' Tho Purao of 50 sovs. was run off in fivo mite heat;. It was ultimately won by Mr. J. A. Roberts's imported grey borae Lon Rose, who aftor boing only second in tho first heat won tho ihrco following in sue- cossionj showing undoubted superiority of paco over his opponents. For tho Elwood Stakes, u fivo furlongs fiat race, there wero only two starters, Miss Clifdon and Milporanka. The formor won ns slio liked. For tho liorougb Handicap eight horses faced tho Bt&rtcr.; Drum stick, Tho Ghost and Coreona wero mostfoncied. Tho result _ proved a victcyry for dm Ghost, Stationer and Oorccna also running a good race. Tho winner is by Trcgcaglo, and was successful in tho ceiling raco at Caulficld on Roxing day. In tho St. Kilda Handicap Hnrdlo raco eight horse started, all getting well away and jumping ex cellently until tho second round, wbcro Mount Tabeau fell. At tho noxt jump Monitor fell nnd broko his. neck, also Wing ing Premier down with him. Monitor won the Ilurdlo Raco at tho Wyndham Meeting, on Saturday weck. Tho jockeys escaped wit-u eevoro Bhnkings. Tho raco resulted in a win for Songster, by Glorious ; Nupolcon, yrlio ran well, being second, and Red Rover (hird. During tho afternoon the following fines were indicted Tho throo drivers in tuo R0 sovs. Parse woro fined £1 oack for delaying tbo starts. M. Griffin, £1, for riding in wrong colors ; and T. Jones, £2 2s., for not scratching JCambrook, for tho Klwoo'd Stakes, by tho specified time. Appondcd nro tho details of tho racing MxroRS Tnot. — Purso of 20 sots, aud auecp stake of I sov. each for starters. Two miles. J. Pitman's gg Dick, 2 yrs., by oung Australian ... ... .» - .. .. (Milsom) 1 W. H. Dunstau's b g Australia aged, pedlirreo un- _ known.-. .. .. .. (Dunntnn) 3 P. J. Roddy ns b g Happy Jack, aged, pctligreo un known.. .. I. .. .. (Roddy) 3 J, Rowea cb g Selkirk, aged, by LadykJrJr \- ' - ' .. - « (fiowo) O J. A. Robert's b m Tlio Jowc3S, aged (Mulliollandj (J W. Gland's ro m Wasp, aged, pedigreo unknown ». .. .. .. . .. (Albaugh) O A. Oliver's g g Grey Eagle, aged, by Morr.vbawk (M'Lvllan) 0 Betting : 2 to 1 Happy Jack, 3. to 1 Dick, 6 to 1 Australia. At tho start 'Wasp arid iRek showed first to tho front, tho latter taking ilio lead as tbo turn. At tho back or tho course tho order was Dick, Wasp, Australia, Iluppv Jack Grey Eagle and Jewess. Selkirk was loin; way behind, boing apparently unwilling to troL Grey Eazle soon began to lose ground. Turning Into tlio straight Dick was still loading, Australia bcin - second, Wasp third, Iluppy Jack fourth, Jewess fifth Grey Eagle and Selkirk being completely out of It. In the second round there was no change tn tho poii- tions. Jewess, Wasp nnd Australia broko repeatedly whon called upon. ' Dick came home an easy winner, with Australia second and Happy Jack third. Time G mln: 3 see; Purse, of 60 sovs., added to a sweepstakes of 3 sors each for starters. For 2-45 class. Milo beats ; ben three Iu five. J. A. Roborts'sg li Len Rose (Imp.), rt yrs., to A. W. Richmond .. (MulhoIIaud) 2.1,1 I F. Kobins's brg Brown Hawk, aged, by Beads- , man .. \ .. .. .. (Robins) 1,2,3 2 G. C. Hall's br g Granger (imp.), ngod, by Her- - .. cules (dliephrrd) 3,3,2 3 Betting : Even on field. Grown Hawk was iu met demand. First Heat : After four attempts Granger and Len Roso got best away, but tho litter booh broke, givlug Granger the lead. Uo, however, broke When bclog pressed by Grown Ilawk, who then tool: the lead. Towards tho turn into tho straight Lou Toie went up to tlio leader, but broke, allowin- Lrown Hawk to maintain his lead to tho finish, the grey being second, and Granger third. Time, 2 miu. 4 SJ see. Tho second heat requires very little descrip tion. . Granger led off, but wns soon passed br Len Rose and Brown Hawk, or ho maintained their positions .all round, i/cu lloso finishing a dozen loDTths 'Jn front of Brown Hawk. Time, 2 mln, 391 In the third heut Granger and Brown Hawk got away first, but tlio latter immediately broke, when Len Rose whon to tbo front followed by Grander. Tho , positions were unchanged for the rest of tho journev, \ Lch Roso going splendidly, and incrcasirg his lead, winning very carily, Granger being second, and Hrov.-i- Hawk third. Time, 2 mln. 40$ see. In the fourth heat Granger led off, but was passed bv Len Hm - who, although he broke onc<\ kept tho 'had all th- way, showing decidedly tbo most speed, and wiuuJu" very easily, with Brown Hawk second aud Granuer third. Tiuio, 2 ruin. 411 sec. Tub Emvood Stakk, of CO govs.; a soiling race for two-year-olds. Five furlong. Capt. Halmcs'a ch f Miss Cilfdeu (£20), C st. II lb. / M. Uriffiu's b c MUpcranka (£00), 8 st. (Readj 2 ( Betting: Any odds on Miss Cllfden, who booh aa- \ 8umcd the Icauj nnd carao homo a winner with the \ greatest case. Timo, 1 min. 81 sees. Tbc wiuiicr \ was bought in for £31, tho club being benefited bv 'he sum of £11. J' Borouqii -Handicap, of 60 sovs. For three-rear- olds and upw ards. Three-quarters of a mile E. Weeks's ru h The Ghost, by Tregcaglc, 6 yw 8 wflgteVibr h SLatlonor,4 jts", 8\. Miller's b in L'orecna, 4 yrs., 8 st. . . (Burton) 3 L. L. Smith s b tn Hoidco of tho Hills, 5 yrs. , 8 a;. I „l (Tattersall) 0 U. Johnson a bra Queen Mary, 4 yrs., 7 st. 12 lb. _ « „ .. ..(Sanders) 0 J. Heywood's b in Rebecca, 0 yrs., 7 at. 9 lb. ' _ „ ; _ (Heywood) 0 A. Saquls b g 3 yrs., 6 st. 12 lb. xu'c- " (Cracknell) 0 W. Suniuons us. blk or br g Towong, 0 yrs., c st. 121b. .. (Cope) 0 Rotting : 4 to 1 against Drumstick and Stationer. 6 to 1 Coreona and Ghost, 10 to 1 others. Aftor several attempts tho horses wero got away to a very lair start, Corceua, next to the rails, leading, Sto- tioner also holding a prouducul position, while Queen Mary anil Towong wero last. At the back of the course BUtionor had tho lead, Haldeo of the Hills. Drumstick, Rebecca, Ghost aud Queen Mary following ui the order named. Turning into tho straight Ghost had obtained the lead, Stationer being second and Corecna third. They finished In the same order Ghost winning hy a couplo of lengths from Stationer who was half-a-doztu ahead of Coreena. Time. 1 mln 25 sec. ' St. Kiuu Handicap huodun Race, of 69 sovs. Two ' tnilcs and a distance. A. F. Sullivan's bg Songster, 5 yrs, Ost. \ m V» re V » Y- , (M,lDDis) 1 \ T. Coffey s g Mpoleon, O yrs, Dst. Clb. . . (Crea) 2 \ E. Uceks 3 ch g Rett Rover, C ym, list. 101b. \ t. Joucs's'bk Monitor, oyns list." 7. (KHbyi o \ g. Cripp'a brg Mount Tabeau, 6 yrs, fist, ifip tl 0 \ R. Batty'sbg Storiubird, aged, fist. Clb. (Wain o \ J. Huht ns ch h Premier, C yrs, fist. .. (Iluht) 0 \ M. Griffin's blk or brg Nigger, aged, 9sL.. (Read) 0 \ Retting ; 5 to 2 each Mount Tabeau end Napoleon, I 4 to 1 Red Rover, 5 to 1 Songster. A good start wan effected, Stormbird leading over the first hurdlo. Red Rover being last. At the turn. Nigger liad taken the lead, Red Rover having gone up to closo atteudoheu ou him. At tho opposito side of tho course, Nigger stiU led, Stonnbird and Songster being nearest, to hitu, and all tho horses jumping well. Turning into the straight, Nigger still led. Napoleon having gone up to second place, but ho soon gavo way to Sdngster I At tho hurdlo near the eutranco gate. Mount Tabeau fell heavily, and at tho following one Monitor, wbr ruuolug well, fell and broko his ucck, also bring' \ Premier to grief, Th© finish was a victory for " ster, Napoleon, who ran very gamely,- bring Red Rover thiru and Sturmblrd fourth, nvinl 271 sec. \ 