A Belie of the Past. Far from tbe hum of the city, far from its ceaseless strife, Far from the noise and bnstle of the battlefield ol life, Nestling upon the hillside, now bathed in crimson light, As Sol with fond embraces whispers a soft "good night;" Scanning tbe gold-tip'd towers uprising from the plain, Catch'ng a gleam like silver of the distant boundless main; Fanned by the first cool breathing of the fragrant bl66Z6 lulled by its dreamy music mid the swaying forest trees, Where the leafy weeping willows their dancing shadows cast, There stands a rained cottage—ghostly relic of tbe past; Its walls, fast falling to decay, with ivy overgrown, Fear tbe imprint of time's rongb band upon each mossy stone; And many a crumbling hollow is by leafy creepers hid, While here and there a bright-eyed flow'r opes wide its fringed lid. The tangled garden round about knows now no fost'ring care, And heavily it3 perfumes hang upon the ev'nlng air; Till with the fading daylight the lengthening shadows creep, to calf 1 And seem to call from out the past the forms o those that sleep. 'lis Christmas Eve in '63—within the open door The cottage decked with garments green from ceiling to the floor, And bung with season's greetings, seems to wear a smiling face, As though no taint of sorrow ever visited the place. Before the door right lustily, upon the velvet moss, The sunlight in their dancing eyes, two chubby children toss; And merrily their voices ring, and loud their laughter pea's, While from each dainty dimpled month tbe sua warm kisses steals, One burden has the song they sing, one joy has each in sight, And " Father's coming home again" 's their anthem for the sight With teaiB of joy their mother's eyes fill as she sees their play, And soon into the distant past her thoughts have winged their way. She sees herself a girl once more, and treads life's path anew, And dreams again her girlish dreams, all tinged with rosy hue; And bright with youthful fancies, yet all destined to be cast Unto the winds like autumn leaves before the wintry blast. She sees again her sailor lad, again her heart replies To tbe light of love's creating that gleams within his eyes; She treads once more the church's aisles, where soft the mystic ray Of noonday's golden snnllght thro* the little porch makes way, And falling on the altar, like a message from abov8, Betokens heaven's approval, and consecrates their love. So thro' the intervening years her roving fancies glide, And mirror all her joys and griefs in their swilt* flowing tide; Till awakened by her children, who clamber on her knee, And lisp, with baby accents, of their father on the with glad remembrance at her loved ones coming home, Content to Btay with those he loves, nor ere again to roam. The night creeps on with noiseless steps; across the starry sky The fleecy clouds, like shrouded ghosts, with The veering winds have changed their course, and o'er the hiiltopa blow, While In their wake with angry light, the eastern heavens glow. Within the cot, no thonght of barm, the holy quiet frtc&bSe; Nor from their peaceful slambering, tbe happy trio Betide her babes the mother sleeps; their bright locks intertwine Amid her raves tresses, and like golden sunbeams shine, And their little dimpled faces, flashed witlfitbel* gr&tefal; sleep. And wreathed with smiles, press lovingly against her paler cheek. Fiercer the light breaks o'er the hills, and tongues of lurid fire Shoot high in air with dreadful roar, then suddenly expire; And fiercer down the sweeping valea there comes the scorching breath 01 him who stalks in wrath behind—grimmessengex of death. His eyeballs with unearthly light gleam 'neatb bis fiery crest, . And heavy smoke clouds lined with flame enfold hiB massive breast. He quaffs with rapture at a draught the streamlets rushing by, And to his thunders of delight tbe tremhlingwoods And swifter onward still be glides, and louder cornea bis roar. Black rain in his path behind, and beauty stretched before.-. .. He reaches now tbe garden wall; fonl Inst gleams In his eye, And hotter grows his burning breath, till with long-drawn sigh He stietches forth his blood-red hands, and with a fiendish zest, Clasps the cottage and its sleepers unto his awful jreast. Awakened from a heavy sleep the mother gazes round, Bewildered the blinding smoke, and deafened by the sound Of crashing trees and hissing flames which rend the ambient air, Till one swift glance revealing all fills her with despair. Her sleeping babes unto her heart she strains with loving care; Then in an agony of woe offers a silent prayer "That God will spare her darlings' lives." She speaks not of her own; Her first thonght Is for those she loves, her prayer for them alone; Then rising from her bended knees she opens wide the door, And wreathed mid clouds of smoke and flame falls fainting to the floor. Is it thus her dream has ended 7 Shall death so dark and drear Thus rudely snap tbe golden chain, each Hnfe a mem'ry dearf Has heaven no power to render &Id7; Has earth so succour nigh 7 Shall helpless innocence be left amid the flames to die? No; help is near. A gallant form springs thro' tbe open door, Unheeding the devouring flames that round about him roar, And seizing those half-lifeless ones, with super* human might He rashes back thro' fire and smoke Into the morn* ing light; Ana ui his cloak tbe fire king veils his hot and reeking face. And driven by the western breeze flies madly from the place After a weary Interval, with wondering surprise And sense of deadly peril past, tbe mother's heavy eyes Ope slowlv with a vague relief, and And—oh,blessed sight I Her darling Infants all unscathed and smiling with delight. But. hark I what voice is speaking now—what strange and mystic spell Can wait nnto her listening ear those tones she knowB so well 7 A dear remembered face she sees that qnfeta her alarms, And with a sob of joy she falls Into her husband's aims. Not sweeter in the days of old the herald angels When through tbe star-decked canopy their won* drons music rang, Than sound to those poor trembling ones from death's grim portal Dome, The sweet and thrilling music of the voices of the morn. And onoe again the ChristmaB dawn echoes that jojonscry From grateful and from loving hearts, "Glory to God on Wgh." —W. J. Evans. 