NE WINGTON COLLEGE, STAN- MORE. " Yesterday afternoon the lads of the Newington College, Stanmore, " broke up " for their Christ mas holidays. There was an excellent, and. fashion able attendance to witness the ceremony, of pre senting the prizes, ice., which was performed . by Mr "W. . J. Foster, . Early, in ' the afternoon -the cadet corps of the college, to the number of about .80, went through a number of manoeuvres under the direction of tho drill-master, .Captaiu' T, B. Baker, the various movements being characterised with much- commendable precision and exaotness. A portion of -the City Band" was present," (ind played some very, pretty music on the lawn. Just before 4 o'clock the company/ adjourned to the great hall of the'1 college,, which was crowded, in every part, Mr Foster'occubied the chair, 'while the -Bc v,- Joseph H. Fletcher, the president of the college, arid MrJ'Jbseph.Coates, the/ head-mastCr, took' up positions on eitber side,; There yvere a number of ' .rev.-' gentlemen . on .the platform, as well aa the staff of the visiting and resident masters." Prayers . having been said by . tbe Bey.' J. Watkin, the, rev. president made iin 'address, 'in which ho briefly alluded to the progress of " the college during .the .20 years of' its existence.' At1 its "start1 it had bnt 58 pupils,1 and the number had, incfeassdto 280. /There were several tablets' :in the- hall/ ori two of which were inBcrlbed' the names of two generone donors of . scholarships, .. which would, be thonght, be far more remembered ' than if inscribed on a coBtly shrine in tne ' cemetery. (Applause.) . He Bpoke ) amidst great applause from the lads, of / .the head-master, Mr - Ooates, who was aborit' to sever- his -connection with the institution, Bndto,whom a. valedictory illuminated addreas had been' presCnted/by his pupilB pnly tbe day previonsly, (Ur Coatos is about to lake the head mastership of the new High1 School in Bliza- beth-Blreet.) He .trusted that the beautiful and - ample grounds surrounding- the,: college .would never be parted with" in the future, as he felt sura that if he wbb not in the land of the living at the time, his ghost would .cause a painful nightmare to the council, .(Laughter.) In conclusion, he was happy to be ableio pay a most unfeigned and grateful tribute to. the way. the vsrious masters had succeeded in . maintaining: order amongst the boys, "and- to the boys for the1 uniformly 1 excellent manner they bad conducted themselves throughout the past half-year./ .. / ' , . Mr Goateb, who wsb received with much en thusiasm, then read out the annual report, allud ing infer alia, tc' the" fact' that Master Norman "Fletcher;- son-of the- president, ,.waa one of the scholarship winners of the year. In bidding his scholars farewell, he wished the college every pos sible sncccfs,., ... . / , . The prizes were then called out, the lucky ones coming up In batches ; of from four to eight, arid receiving their prizea from Mr Foster.- The names ' of the four top' boys'for - tUis half-year arc Masters Abbott/Fletcher, Henry, and Fidlor, The Chair man then delivered a/very interesting address to the boys, after, which the gathering came, to an end, the boys departing at once, to their homes. It might be mentioned that amongst the drawings exhibited on the walls, an excellent face and bust -'of a young lady of the list century was shown by Master T. Sawkins, a. hold and striking lion's ' bead .by, Master -Oolquboun, and the "Head of a Soman matron" by: Master C. Fillingham. 