NEWS IN BRIEF. There has been an interruption in the Port Darwin Telegraph Cable ever since Saturday Lust. An Associated Press Telegram, received last night, announces the conclusion of the match between the Hon. Ivo Bligh's cricketers and an Eleven of Victoria, in Melbourne. The English team uiaile only 156 in their soeoud innings ; the Victorians thus wiuniu* bv one innings and 73 runs. The shark which Messrs. H. Scrickland Seubert, and Mumme captured last Sunday, was the first that has ever been harpooned in the Swan River. The Editor of The Morning Herald posi tively praises his brother of The West Australian! The lion actually lies down with the lamb ! ! Curious sight, indeed ! ! ! This week potatoes have Iwen sold whole sale at the extraordinary price of £21 10s. per ton. And yet our small farmers declare they cannot obtain a decent living. How is this thus? Two of the pianos raised from tie saloons of the Orient steamship Austral, which recently foundered in Sydney Harbour, were sold by auction a few weeks since, and fetched — one Is., the other 15s. The Postmaster-General of South Aus tralia inaugurated the issue of return post- cards in that colony on the 1st instant When shall we able to record the extension of this grand system of amplifying tie conduct of correspondence in this colony ? From a private letter we learn that Mr. Onslow is steadily improving in health. The hon. gentleman is residing a few miles from Sydney, which city, however, he visits every day by train, in order to consult his medical adviser. We are glad to heat that tie health of the Hon. J. H. Thomas has considerably improved. However, following the advice of his medical advisers, he will proceed to Sydney, in order to obtain the benefits of a thorough change of air. Advices have been received from Adelaide to the effect that Mr. Matthew Burnett had delayed his departure for this colony for a fortnight, in consequence of the illness of Mrs. Burnett The great Temperance Apostle may, therefore, be expected to arrive by the next homeward steamer — the Nizam. A monster picnic wfll he held next Easter Monday at tiat favorite spot — Peppermint Grove — ^p*^**** the manafre-mi*nt. and direc tion of tie City QuadrOle Association. The steamers will leave tie William-street jetty sharp at eight o'clock in the morning, and we have been informed that every means will be taken to ensure a most pleasant day's amusement. A. branch of the Bank of New South Wales will soon be opened in this city. As is well known, the directors a short time ago lately purchased from Mr. A. Wilson his fine house in S. George's Terrace. Tenders were then called for tie execution of all the necessary repairs and required alterations, the plans being drawn by Mr. F. Bird, who, we believe, acts as architect to the bank. The contractors are now busily engaged upon the work, which will soon be com pleted. The Australasian of Feb. 24 says : — ' At tie Church of England, Sunbury, yesterday, Lord Charles Scott, who commanded H.M.S. Bacchante when Princes Albert Victor and George of Wales visited the colony, was united in marriage to Miss Ada Mary Ryan, cousin of Lady William Clarke, of Eupertswood, Sunbury. The ceremony was performed by the Bev. Canon Bromby, and the attendant festivities passed off with much Sclat. The number of guests was very large — upwards of 750.' A few days ago our evening contemporary, The Daily News, urged that His Excellency the Administrator should not lose any time in -*a»ing the Legislative Council together, and we have reason to believe that the suggestion will be adopted. There is no doubt that tie taking of such a step will meet with the hearty approval of the public, us not onlv is there much important business which requires immediate attention, but we also understand that Mr. Broome's anticipat ed arrival will be still further delayed. Yesterday the Supreme Court sat in its civil jurisdiction, Mr. Justice Stone occupy ing tie bench. In the first case, that of the National Bank of Australasia v. George Parker, administrator of the late J. A. Lieblar's estate, Mr. Geo. Leake moved the Court to order the administrator to pay all creditors pro rota, Mr. S. H. Parker appear ing for the administrator. . A long argument ensued, which, however, had not concluded at a late hour. The highest mines in the world are the silver mines of Cerro de Pasco, in Peru, which are 14,396 feet above the sea, and the quicksilver mines of Huancavelica, in tie same countay, 15,090 feet above tie ocean leveL The Postal silver mine, also in Peru, is at an altitude of 11,375 feet, and tie famous silver mines of Puno, on the shores of Lake Titicaca, are upwards of 13,000 feet above mean tide. The deepest mine is tie new Saltz Werk, a salt mine in Westphalia, which is 2050 feet below the surface of the ocean. It is further asserted that tie average depth of the coal miles of Great Britain greatly exceed a like number of any other kind of mines in the world. It appears tiat the winner of the Gover nor's Cup is not always presented with tie article in question, but is allowed, if he likes, to select some other valuable article. Sergt. Hymns, who was the winner of this prize at tie last rifle match, was asked what he would prefer, and replied a watch. Accordingly His Excellency ordered one from London, which has just arrived and been handed over to its fortunate possessor. It is a handsome specimen of the watch maker's art, being a gold ' nijht' watch of tie value of about £25, and bears the tie following inscription, which is beauti fully engraved: — ^Presented to Sergeant Sidney Hymns, M.E.V., by His Excellency Sir W. C, F. Bobinson, K.C.M.G., 1882.' We wish Sergt, Hymus a long life to wear this valuable trophy of bis BkUL Building operations axe still going on briskly in Fremantle. We notice tiat Mr. FlindelL tie popular proprietor andl land lord of tie Pier Hotel, in Cliff- street, is now engaged in adding largely to his present accommodation. So great has been tie number of bis guests for some time past that Mr. Flindell his been unable to find room for several of them, so he has com menced tie erection of no less than eight new bedrooms. These rooms will be of the most spacious and comfortable description possible, and will above all be well ventilat ed, -without causing any draughts. In connection witi this new suite of bed* chambers a large bathroom will be erected, and. -wVada to!1 \» tanodoei wSa tartW plunge and shower baths, while arrange meate wfll be made for a practically inex haustible supply of both hot and cold water. These improvements will add considerably to the already wellrkiiown resources of this favorite hotel, which certainly has no superior in 'Western Australia. A comparative statement of the quantity of wool exported during the past six years from tie four principal wool-producing eoUmiee of Australia — Victoria, Xew South Wales, Sooth Australia, and Queensland — is not without interest. We find from Messrs. QroldBbrough'e last Monthly Report that the aggregate quantity passed through the Customs for export in the ye$r 1877 was 634,468 bales ; in 1878, 592,634 bales ; in 1879, 611,853 bales; in 1880, 654,609 bales - in 1881, 736,815 bales ; and up to Sep 30, 1882, it had risen to 792,605 bales. In 1837— the first year in which Victoria appeared as a wool- producing colony— the quantity of wool exported from there did not exceed 514 bales; in 1847, it had in creased to 30,029 bales, and in 1857 to upwards of 60,000 bales; in 1867. to /5, 000; and in 1877, to 329,791 bales. The exports for 1882. up to tie SOthof Sept., totalled 344,203 bales. We find th-ittie exports from Western Australia, though bearing no comparison whatever with her neighbours, exhibit a very fair proportionate increase, being fully 100 per cent, for the ten years as from 1869 to 1879. In «ie latter nt tiinw mars our export bad in creased to upwards of 8000 bales ; in 1880, it was 9,325 bales; in 1881, U.040 bales; and in 1883. 11,560 bale*. Within tie nexl three years, given favourable seasons and the raising of stock in the Gascoyne and Kimberley districts is successful, thin quantity should be enlarged to the extent of fully 400 per cent., or, nay, 60,000 bales. The Duoliiiss of Allmny presented her Boyal husband (Priuco Leopold) with a daughter on the 2Gth ult. At Melbourne an actor from the Pacific Slope, named Moore, has been fined twenty guineas, including costs, for having wanton ly assaulted the dramatic critic of the Age in the vestibulo of the Opera, Rouse. The prcftuit Duke of Wellington has a very large aud iut«;r«?sting collection of tatters au.I mamiwripte bolougiuy to the late Duke, his father. Ani.mg them is a characteristic i-orrcsjmiKlouc*! betwoen tins Duke and tho Lady Jersey, ' i|iieon Suiah.' It is as foll-*«s : — '' My dear Arthur. — The Emperor Aloxauder i« ciuiiug to m iuo to-morrow. How shall I receive him ?' Across this little note is written in the Duke's handwriting : — ' My dear Sarah,— Receive him as you do all your other visi tors.' Again comes a note : — ' My dear Arthur, — The Emperor A lexander comes as a lover.' Across again is the answer : — ' My dear Sarah, — Receive him as you do all your other lovers.' The Ararat (Victoria) Advertiser says, referring to the recent Parliamentary elections in that colony : — 'Another worthy -^amii«1ni» addressed a large meeting on Monday evening in the person of Mr. John White, of tie Terminus hotel. Mr. White dealt witi a large number of subjects in a manner that proved highly aimming to bis audience, not tie least humorous of his assertions being that on a certain night the mocn rose at sixty minutes past nine o'clock. This gentleman confidently asserts that he will be Chief Secretary in six months' time, and that he could govern all Victoria for .£500 per annum.' Edward Castres Gwynne, a solicitor, was charged at tie police court, Adelaide, on the 10th February, with unlawfully using a ticket after tie time for which it was issued had expired, on tie Glenelg railway, on December 29. It appeared tiat Gwynne offered a ticket which was issued for Com memoration Day, and which was refnsed. The point was whether the company had power to refuse a ticket for which they had received money. Mr. Beddome dismissed the charge with costs against tie company. Notice of appeal was given. A case of great importance to friendly societies in England came before the stipendiary at Sheerness. A ship-wright in Sheerness dockyard sued tie Phitharmonic Lodge of the Manchester Unity Independent Order of Oddfellows for tie sum of £10, the allowance due to him on tie death of his father. The deceased had been a member of tie Oddfellows since 1844, paying his subscriptions regularly till tie time of his death; but the society resisted tie payment of the funeral allowance to the plaintiff and his brother on tie ground tiat they were illpgiftinig.fi- ^liiltl row, their father having married hie deceased wife's sister, whose issue they were. The magistrate said, toe case was such an important one that be should reserve his decision for careful con sideration. At tie same time he thought tie society were morally wrong in resisting the chum, as the facts were well known to them, and they continued to receive tie de ceased's subscriptions. The following poem, being an acrostic on Sir Garnet Wolseley, has been awarded a prize of two guineas by the proprietors of an Australian weekly contemporary: — S trong in conviction, and in judgment dear; I n act determined, and in speech sincere; E ecldess in nothing —prudent without fear. Gifted with intellect, yet all the more A. gallant soldier to the very core. R esolved that when stern doty points the way, N ot his the craven heart to disobey. E steemed alike by all, both low and great, T he British soldier's friend and advocate. W ell hath he earned his laurels and his rise O n fields of danger and of enterprise. I- ong may he live to serve his country's cause, S ecure success, and win deserved applause ! England hath need of leaders each as he — Xi et him then share her hearty sympathy. E v*n ye who hate of war the very name, ~Y ield him tihe homage tli&t; is due to Fame. The theory that a British man-of-war is ' British soil' in whatever part of the world she may be has been at last fully extended to British merchant ships. Two men were recently charged with stealing, and, on acquittal on that indictment, with receiving with guilty knowledge a number of Egypt ian bonds, which had been taken from a vessel moored to the shore at Rotterdam. The case turned on the question weather a British ship was equivalent to British territory, and the Judges of the Court for Consideration of Crown Cases Reserved have decided that any bona-fide English vessel sailing under the protection of the English flag is, to all intents aud purposes, British territory, whether moored to the shore in another countay or sailing the high seas. This decision will be accepted as in accor dance with common sense. The only question is whether a foreign court of justice would not Have come to an opposite conclusion in the circumstances recorded above, where the object of tie prosecution was to secure the conviction of wrong doers. . A very circumstantial ghost story is dis turbing the mind of New York. The editor of the New York World vouches for the good faith of his informant — a professional man of high repute. The house in which the manifestations occur is a new one, and is let out in flats. The following are a few occurrences as told by an eye-witness who went sceptical, but soon found that some thing more than ordinary was up. First of all, there was much knocking at the front door. It was watched, open and closed, before and behind, but the knocking still came, always in four strokes, sounding like blows struck with billets of wood. Then came bell-ringings in all parts of the house. Tappings were heard on the glass of the windows ; the coats of the boarders fell down from the hat-rack, each falling a yard apart. The plush cover of a round table standing in the hall gracefully floated on to tie floor. A clotbea-prop wa$ hurled over tie top of a portiere ; the walking- sticks standing in the hall were flung up iu differ ent directions, and before the scared resi dents had recovered, a leaf from an oak dining-table was hurled through the hall for 20 feet, striking the wall and coming to tie ground witi a fearful crash. Another table took a series of equimersaulte. Such violent goings-on had 6uch a bad effect upon some of the family tiat they began to think of retiring, when a frightful shriek echoed throughout the whole dwelling, piercing, and evidently coming from no human threat, followed by 'soft insinuating-' whistles. In the evening ' it' tried a few notes in ar peggio, and was successful in keeping time and perfect tune with the piano.. The tcne of the whistle was sometimes that of a fog-horn ; at other times sounding like the ' blowing in tie neck of a bottle.' All this is said to be a ' plain, truthful statementof facts/' substantiated by five witnesses. Bevies of policemen have searched in vain, and a curious English detective has been , baffled. One of the most touching- things we have ] heard (says an American journal) in a long 1 time is the story of a robber and a poor lone \ woman near Oban. The robber came to | her house at night and demanded her j money or har life. She hadn't much money 1 or life either, but sue preferred giving up \ the forcjer rather than the latter ,- so she brought her litile store and placed it in bis hand. He looked it over caiofujly, to see tbat sue didn't palm oS two-shilling pieoes , for half-crowns. 'Haven't you anything j else of value ?' inquired the bold, bad burglar, looking about the scantilyfurnish ed apartment ; ' a child's bracelet, ring — anything will be thankfully received.' ' I have nothing more,' replied the woman, with a sigh. A thought struck him. ' Your husband was a soldier, was he not i' he inquired. She feckncwledged that he was, and was killed in battle. f' Then ho must have had a revolver,' he continued, searching her countenance. ' Ah, you grow confused, you stammer; your manner betrays you. Get that revolver at once, and give it to me.' In vain the woman implored him to spare that harmless trinket, almost the sole memorial of the husband she had | lost. She had pawned many tilings when distressed, but had always clung to that. But the robber was unrelenting. Sobbing bitterly, she went to a bureau drawer and removed the precious relic, around which clustered so many tender recollections. '?Must you have it?' said she, as she advanced towards the robber. ' Yes, I must,' answered the robber, extending bis hand. €?Well, then, take it,' eho said, gently pressing tie trigger for the last time. There was a, loud report, and the robber tumbled over dead. The country ought to pension that woman. I A shoe-inakor named Cavanagii, who ri'sid.'s at Prcinantic, has been awestei on Iwardtke liibstou when attempting to leave not only the home of his adoption, but also his wife, family, and creditors. We understand that Mr. Sub-Inspector McLarty will enter upon his duties as Sujwriiitcndont «f tho VrAin' dist,W«t of FroinuntJc early next ««.-lc. Mr. Mi^j&rty; was ;jrevioui- ly stationed at Albauy, where, it will be rouioiiil«'r-jd, he so greatly dis tinguished himself by tho ability he dis played in working uj- the latu Albany murder case for the Owwu. On tie 19th ult. Sir William Robiusou was sworn in as Rovtihinr of South Austra lia. During tlu- ceremony the song ' Unfurl the Fbm' was sung, the music of which, composed by His Extaslloncy, was much admired. Couoei-uing Hie words The Chronicle says — 'The words of the song *? ane by M.r. Francis Hart, aud aiv singular ' ly appropriate to the uiusic, the refrain ' ? Unfurl the flag thai, all may see., our ' proudest boast is liberty being of a 'meritorious not to say catching descrip ' tion.' The Kimberley survey party has been completely organised and fully equipped. The party, which will be accompanied by the Surveyor General, will be conveyed to the scene of their future work by ties. Macedon aud tie barque Amur. The Lynch Family of Bellringers made their first appearance in Perth last night to a crowded house. The troupe was received in a most enthusiastic manner, and their performances gave the greatest satis faction. A full report of the entertainment, which will be repeated this evening, will appear in the next issue of the Daily News. 