THE question of our copper-mining iuture is beginning to exercise some doubtful minds very sorely. There is a tradition that during March and September in each jear there is always some considerable movement in the copper* muricet, and those interested in mining watch for these periods with strongs interest. March has come and gone, but the movement hua not " shown upanyl soqie of us want to know, why ? The question is as difficult as the^comprehenaion of a balancesheet by the nninitiated mind; and there is scarcely a ray of light given by a bushel of " Mining Journal" reports. U'hat we want to know is why—despite all the pQ>mi»eg of increased demand lor eopper resulting from its use for eleetrioal purposes, and in the manufacture of composite shafts and machinery to bear an enormous strain—copper is still quoted at dis* ceuragifig prices. Is the <4 out-put" obtained?'by improved appliances at a less cost than of old; have the discoveries of late years permanently reduced tho value of the metal; or has copper been practically, so largely superseded in manufactures that there u " no room" for it in its old employ ment ? The man who can solve these questions deserves to have a share in the Bio Tin to, and sit down and smile whilst copper grows for him in the tanks full of rusty old iron. A GOOD many people affect to think that the Moonta Mines are " not what ahe was" and that " Iohabod" should be written upon the machine-shops, forges, shear-legs and poppet-heads all over the mineral lease. They would say that there cannot have been gained 20,000 tons of.ore per annum, worth •ay >£10 per ton, without a considerable impoverishment of the mine. Bui ia it so considerable as to have largely reduced the value of the property, and to have induced a diminished energy 1 If so, pray what is to be said of the well-known asseverations by old miners^*-" There's fifty years' ore in flight!" (this being variously reduced down to mIQWAS twenty years, by the tchrymose ai»d ivott-swnguine), Tben again, what of the several' lodes untouched which tradition and legend (minere/ of cpurse) assigned to locali-1 tie* in various parts of the Moonta Mines; property. Further, supposing the veiy worst of this grand old mine [ (which we cannot and will not), are I there not mineral deposits in other leases now lying idle, awaiting the | application ef capital and mining skill! The fact is pretty well known that the Yelta Mine was never worked to its capacity; that all the " eyes" it showed i wete picked out by an indent proprie- U tory; and that ita-eaptain was forced | to provide dividends to the destruction of the Mine. ; But is : it not even yet a property, and capable of giving results! Certain it is that it having been recently reported upon by competent experts, the offer of the property is now «n route to the world's market for capital—London; with a fair prospect of being taken up and worked. Besides this, some experienced miners in this district affirm that eventually the Paramatta, Wheal Hughes, and Wheal James—all now lying idle—will be taken up, and worked as one property, and form a very valu able enterprise for its proprietmy. And not far distant is the little New Mid-Moonta, which all who worked in it know had an excellent prospect when 1 it was " knocked." With a resnmp-1 tion of operations at Yelta the little group would have a show, and possibly t b ™ North Yelta might be forgotten. The advance of copper IO -£80 per ion woul<l mafc e aU thi 8 region look a " live" place again, just as it used to be in 1874 ; and we are quite ready for it. BUT we have a bright picture to offer in contrast to all the dismal views we have got hold of. There is.the gratd little mine under Captain Cowling's charge, " rescued from the jaws of 1 death" and now so richly productive as to yield forty per cent, dividends without damage to the vitality of staying power of the mine. And not so very far away is the Kuriila, nursed by Captain Anthony into i*s fine a little mine as there need be seen, with perhaps £100,000 worth of ore within sight and simply awaiting the getting. And last, but not least, the Wallaroo Mines it is said never looked so well. The divisional purchase of tho De^on Consols property proved a fortunate hit tor both this aad the Kuriila proprietors, whatever the original shareholders in the Devon Consols may think about it, and exceedingly excellent results have been developed. ALTOGETHER, we do not think there is I any real ground for the gloomy fore. 1 bodings which some very excellent j people indulge in. Mining vicissitudes I are not unknown things, and mining J revivals are as much to be ex|»ected as I they are devoutly desired. What is } wanted at Moonta apparently is con- I tinuous work at the standard wage— J in itself fair enough, and then there { weuld not be so much room for dissatis-1 faction among our working population j on the mines, and the atorekeepers { would not find their hearts so often j failing them. The present ground of I complaint on the part of miners is the I loss of time between the contracts, and 1 if this delay could be obviated by the | management of the Moonta property, { things, would assume a much brighter aspect all round. | BUT how comes it to pass that sotne men are never ouc of employment and some seem always to be contentedly at work J Have they special facilities or special aptitude 1 A nd as to contracts and delays and contingent grumblings is it or is it not the fact that the men have the opportunity of laying themselves out for another contract for a fortnight before they have finished the one upon which they are currently engaged, so that they may it It pleases them go on with die new one ere they leave the old one an hour t If this be the fact, then th?re is shown some very great consideration for the men's position, and there cannot be fairly charged against the management the sins which are very often eloquently laid at its door. Perhaps it might tend to a partial solution of the question if the names of complainants wrre furnished, and the length of time spent in enforced idleness. These miners' questions seriously affect the welfare of the upper 1 portion of the Peninsula. I —T— I THE signs are not wanting of Minis- I terial discomposure. A tolemblv lon°-1 innings," with remarkably favorable and favoring circumstances, has in itself eventuated in that certain measure of weakness which seems inevitable where our politicians (or aspirants for office) are so much upon a level, and where one set becomes in the sure course of time and nature envious of another more fortunate aet. And so it has come about that without any greater warranty than that fact, men are beginning to count the number of day s left to the present occupants of the Treasury Benches. Tho Bray Ministry are and have been thoroughly aware of this, and until recently did not regard the matter seriously; but now that tbe mote weighty issue of a deficiency in the revenue, and a consequent impending financialdifficulty, presents itself, the sense of something A-waQting grows strou«ei every day. IT is true that no Government HAD ever sought more assiduously to win public esteem; and ind^^tW fe* been allowed to stand in the way wlum a tolerable nigent request has been made for something to be done. But, in .spite of all the popularity which may in this way have been purchased, we believe it is not the most pleasant * part of the Ministerial prospect that Mr. Treasurer will insist upon it thai taxation of some sort and to some considerable amount is absolutely neces* ary i! the Government is to keep itself eolvent and in a fit position to meet the public engagements. And that hon. gentleman (save when on ministerial expeditions of a propitiator/ kind) has for some time p^t laid aside that jaunty air of political contentment and satisfaction which he used to I carry so admirably (and whi<& we need J scarcely say so perfectly suited him) ; I and in the Hen thereof has worn a most j melancholy fnr-*e»ching look, aa though ] groaning in despair at the wretched t financial prospect. IT would be very interesting just now to traverse the views of those hon. gentlemen who strongly contended not long agone—and with great heat too—that our revenues in themselves were so sufficiently large as to make the peeping ghost chost of taxation ashamed of itslf. Perhaps they had counted on the integrity of that Utopian income whioh has been for years past steadily drawn from the capital of the colony— from land sales and the interest accruing on the amounts remaining unpaid. And possibly they have never taken into account the series of disasters which adverse seasons have wrought, and had therefore no notion whatever that at any particular period in our history there might be a failure of a 1 uarfcer ot " a million or so in anticipated revenue. These things might go towards making an excuse for their unfulfilled prophesyings; but they would be but sorry considerations at the best We can fancy that these prophets of sufficiency of income for outlay must feel v«ry much mortified in view of the facts of the case. WHAT scheme and kind of Taxation the Budget speech may propose we do not at present know; but that there will be some scheme is quite certain. The great concern with us is that there has been so little increase ia our taxable population. The whole average result of our efforts as a colony in commerce and by loan during the last few years appears to have been to supplement the wealth of our most wealthy fellow-citizens, and to inflate speculators with insane ideas of making real property valuable by speculative sales and re-sales, and not by the oqly means which really confer value upon jiosseraions—the. presence of n productive wealth-creating population, Taxation when it comes jriil be heavy upon individuals ; and judging from past experience probably indiscriminate. That is to say—the burthen will not be proportioned fairly to ability to bear; and the man of large possessions may still (as at present under the levies in Custom does) be taxed -only in the same sum as the comparatively poor man who has no estate to be guarded and benefitted by public expenditure, THERE may be some day just views on this point, and possibly a progressive land-tax may adjust some of the inequalities and meet some of the diffi- [ culties now so patent. As we have a hundred times said: it does seem [ strange and exceedingly unjust that a man with an estate of ten thousand acres should bo placed on the same footing as a taxable member of the .community aa a man who has not a foot of land, and who depends upon his hands for daily bread. ACCORDING to the news by the Californian mad Dr. Wiggins' storm did come off iu Canada, but as-the prediction did not hold good so far as Australia is concerns, we suppose the doctor is simply a home prophet and that he fails when he seeks to pre-, diet things at a distance. The following is the paragraph in tbe mail news in which reference to the storm is made: —" Dr. Wiggin's predicted storm occurred on the 10th at St. John's (New Brunswick), Boston, and Hallf az * It was the worst storm for and prevailed at several places In the interior of the United States. The railway tracks were impassable owing t o the "snow. The prophecy created a widespread scare, and man; vessels were detained in different ports afraid to put to sea." 