NEW SOUTH WALES. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) SYDNEY, March 24. As may be readily supposed sented) in thing has been thought of this week but the miser able collapse of our Minister for Works Mr Henry Copeland Unfortunates) the Sydney Press has given the affair the fullest possible publicity and the fact of this occur i mg so soon after Mr A G T t) lor's dead in a tion concerning the Biccliainliin i detritus of our legislators, makes matters appear even worse than they really an late we echo J affair certainly could not be put before the world in blacker colours than it has been made to wear, and people who are nervously) unions about on deputation are holding up their hands in her 101 and asking the question, What will they say in England ' Well perhaps after all it will matter very little to either our 10 mutation or out prospects what they say It is not the last time a Minister of the Crown has got di tank on a saint's di) and will pro- bably not be the last though it is to be hoped should he do so in future he will not be so ready to take the public into his confidence as our Works Minister was the other night and it is a rather curious fact that the only man who happened to be in fine condition at m lush gathering was one who, as he himself pin used it was a Yorkshireman and in Fnghshnmn It was of tons se, i ii for tun etc that Mr Copeland should have attended the banquet ill, in new of his hilarious couch tion and still more so that he had not the wit to hold his peace but the wine being in the wit iv is out, and Mr Copeland 11 appears to be a peculiarly) unmanageable chin idea when under the influence Iheicweietwocircum stances which led to the fiasco of last Mhu 1 by night One was that Mr. Copeland got a solid Insliioteit his last election, and the other was that he had refused a free railway pass to Mr Redmond The former he was anxious to publicly thank his bush friends for ; the better he was anxious to explain away He was treading on most delicate ground. It was in the highest degree injudicious to have introduced the mention of either one of the other of these subjects, but Mr. Copeland was not in a condition to see his d inlet He w v-, naturally, interrupted This made him worse His stubbornness came out, and he became mc in coherent, and even insulting You know the rest It was a terrible aw likening the real sition of what he had done is said to have completely prostrated, and for the nonce, un manned him The conductor's of the Sydney papers thought well to reproduce his speech, verbatim U water again On Monday the whole town i ing with the scandal The infor tunic Minister's enemies-and he has man and bitter ones jumped for very joy at the um he had brought upon himself Anti lush feeling just now runs so high thanks to the Redmond mission, that there were not uniting many narrow minded individuals only too eager to pronounce the verdict of sailed lum light for he has' had anything to do with the Hibei mans One acre peculiar feature in connection with Mr Copeland s escapade is the state of un cer taint) in which he has left the public is to his intentions Although nearly a week has passed, we are left entirely in the darkness she it the means to do Yet his resignation was looked for cr ci) dal during the week It is taken for granted that he could not expect to continue holding office His colleagues on Monday, met and discussed the site it tion What course they Peter mined upon is not precisely known but it may be in times, of from what subsequently transpired that the) concluded to let then unfortunate colleague go On Tuesday the Premier informed the Asstm bl), amused with) the House met that from what had recently transpired, the Minister for Works intended resigning his position But Wednesday came and no resignation 'Hunsdi) passed over, and still there was no announcement Then it began to be whispered about that Mr. Copeland had Honiton tion of resigning, or that if he had been so inclined he had altered us mind All this time he did not put in an appearance at his office, and his duties were discharged In the Colonial Secretary) It was known that he received a friendly nation Mr Gillett, wbownsundei stood to have removed from his mind any set states he might have had about holding on to office Mr Garrett is credited with hav HUT persuaded the Minister that he had been shamefully throwers by his colleagues and that he owed himself the duty of declining to allow himself to be offered up as sacrifice Bli Ganetts sympathy) for a fallen mother, is not in it enough, and moreover, the crafty member for Camden has nothing to lose, but possibly much to gun, by any disaster that may befall the Ministry 'The action of the Sydney Press in making so much of the Minister's misfortune has been very much a subject of discussion in Parliament as well as out of doors borne contend that had no notice been taken of it there would have been no scandal, and therefore no apple houston for our reputation in the eyes of the world On the other hand it is held that the evil of drunkenness has taken such a lb lil of our pt blic men that the surest way toerailicite it is to hold the stained s pi eminently before of the public gaze, no matter what the present consequences In this instance the Ila and led the way, and certainly the Herald cannot be accused of being actuated by any ill will towards Mr Copeland or his colle Agnes. On the conti t j at his LHCH them all the support it could command, and was especially warm in advocacy of Mr Copeland a case when he was seeking re election as a Minister The event has served among other things, to bring into striking relief the extraordinary y f or that) in the art of tin ning found upon himself possessed by that political weathercock, Mr David Buchanan People have long ceased to be surprised at any inconsistency or extravagance on the part of this phenomenal individual, but his mental somersaults in connection with the Copeland episode is of such a character as could not fail to command the admiration of all who have any sense of the ridiculous It is a matter of public notoriety that he went about the town gloating over the exhibition the Minister for Works had made of himself, and commending the newspapers for not having shrunk from their duty of milking the exposure, act on Tuesday night we find him denouncing the Press in general and the Herald in particular, with all the artillery of a copious vocabulary of abuse, for what it had done Again, he has uniformly, since the Stuart Ministry, came into office, held up Mr Copeland to ridicule as a "navvy," and in every way unfit to be a Minister of the Crown, yet now we see him going about getting signatures to a requisition asking the Minister to take Mr Copeland back, and using every effort of legs and lungs to achieve that end Mr Buchanan is his own satirist. The position of the Ministry is peculiar. Their situation is embarrassing in the extreme. After the intimation made by the Premier, it is clear they cannot venture to go on with Air. Copeland as a colleague ; yet if club gossip be correct they can't get rid of him, and their only course is to give up the ghost in a body. Connected as it was with the Irish question, and in a certain sense with the Redmond mission, the Copeland fiasco introduces a new element into the discussions on those burning questions. And, to use a recent theatrical gave, the affair is voted " another injustice to Ireland." The hope of the Irish party, politically, is the present Government, but the Government, according to present appearances, is in extremis, or, at any rate, in a very awkward corner, from which it is doubtful if even the ingenuity of a Dalley can extricate them. The prospects of the party are thus not the brightest. But many of our Irish fellow colonists appeal to be more concerned for the interests of their motherland than for those of their adopted country. They celebrated the natal day of their country's patron saint last Saturday with more than ordinary fervour, having Mr. Redmond among them to feed the fire of their national pride and national enthusiasm. The principal event of the day was the picnic they hold at Botany, which was attended by several thousands of Erin's sons. Contrary to expectation there was no disturbance, and notwithstanding the exhilarating character of the surroundings, none of the patriots who assembled to do honour to St. Patrick were called upon to fight for their country, At the banquet in the evening the Opposition was represented by Sir John Robertson. Sir Patrick Jennings and the unfortunate Copeland represented the Government, The absence or Mr. Dalley has excited much comment. He usually takes the chair on those occasions, and treats his audience to a brilliant and appropriate oration. Hitherto he has been the idol of his Irish fellow-colonists. But Mr. Redmond's presence here has changed all that. Mr, Dalley is a native of the colony, And much as he loves the land of his forefathers his sympathies are Australian-or, rather, cosmopolitan. He is, therefore, not en rapport with the majority of Irishmen in their present frame of mind, and it is no secret that he strongly deplores the Redmond mission and has in no way fraternised with or even recognised the "missionaries" since they arrived here. It is to be observed, however, that the Redmond addresses recently delivered have been characterised by far greater moderation than the earlier of the league missionary's colonial deliverances. This may be due to Mr. Redmond becoming better acquainted with the sentiments of those among whom he has come to preach his gospel of Irish grievances. In spite of the opposition he has encountered, and the numerous protests by public meetings in various parts of the colony, the mission has resulted in the establishment of several branches of the Irish National League, and in the collection of something like £31,00 for the cause. As to the legislative work of the week, what little has been done has attracted very little notice. The Assembly has passed the Land Boilers' Inspection Bill through committee, and has almost finished the Criminal Law Consolidation Bill. Sir John Robertson has elicited from the Minister for Lands the information that there has been no stoppage on the part of the Government, as was supposed, of land purchases by Crown lessees in virtue of improvements. An impression had got abroad that when the present Ministry stopped wholesale alienation by auction they also ceased giving to the squatter the right of purchasing in virtue of improvements. Sir John Robertson, who has a thorough acquaintance with the subject, says that a great portion of our south-western interior Mount Poole and that part of the country dependent upon improvement!, to make it available for settlement; and unless there is some inducement to effect the necessary improve- ments to conserve the surface which otherwise would be lost there must be a great loss to the country. Mr. Farnell's assurance will be welcome to runholders throughout the country, but it will not be so to conditional purchasers, for many of these improvements are mere seems to prevent selection. To cover the Easter holidays, the Assembly adjourned from Thursday until the following Wednesday. The Licensing Bill has not been touched since its introduction. The prospects of its passing will, of course, be interfered with by what has occurred this week. How far public sentiment has been influenced by the event, and whether it will tell against a modification of the liquor laws, is a matter for speculation only. It may be taken for granted, however, that the teetotallers will emphasize their lectures with copious references to the Copeland episode. Chief among the non-political events of the week is the jubilee of the Sydney Mechanics' School of Arts. On Thursday this excellent institution completed the fiftieth year of its existence, and to celebrate the event, an exhibition and conversazione were organised. Judge Windeyer, the President, delivered a capital address, in which he reviewed the history of the institution from its foundation up to the present time, besides giving a forecast of the future. The jubilee was. numerously in essentially, and even fashionably attended, and was in every respect gratifying. The Sydney School of Arts occupies now a high position as a literary and technical institution, and is justly regarded as an important auxiliary to the educational forces of the country. The great aid it has been to the cause of technical education alone establishes an undeniable claim to public gratitude and support. The Easter holidays being fairly upon us, the usual cessation from business and devotion to recreation-or what passes for recreation has commenced. The banks and the principal business establishments close from Thursday, 22nd instant, until the following Tuesday-four clear days which gives labour plenty of time to go ruralising about the country, or recouping itself in any other way it chooses. The sporting mind is principally occupied over the race for the Sydney Cup, which comes off within the next few days. Then our military men are on the mimic war path, having entered upon their usual Easter encampment, in which they receive their annual examination lessons in the art of soldiering. The Artillery camp is at the old quarters at Middle Head, but this year the Volunteers go to Windsor, instead of to the Pretoria barracks. 