THE TAXATION QUESTION. Probably nobody was more surprised at the result of the voting on the principal clause of the Taxation Bill than the Government, and although they may »y that it was rejected on a catch vote, yet the fact will still remain they were defeated on the main principle of the Bill. Throughout the discussion on this very important matter the divisions have been very close, and the honorable Go vernment should not forget that it was more a catch vote when they passed the resolution affirming the Taxation Bill than the present, for then it was only on the casting vote of the Chairman of Com mittees that it was passed — a position that no other Government has allowed to occur and yet retain their seats. In the past the Government have yielded at the sacrifice of their principles when they should have proved themselves men worthy of their position ; and at others have shown that they are little better than stubborn- blocks who would not be moved when they are really retarding the progress of the colony. And can any one in their true senses say other than the defeat of the Government was undeserved or unexpected. As we pointed out months ago the proposal of taxation was intro duced in that half-hearted, cowardly way as much as to say to the House pressure has been brought about that we are obliged to introduce some scheme of taxation, but we shall be very glad if you in your administrative judgment will throw it out.' Since then events have fully justified what we then foretold, for the Treasurer has been vacillating, and lias reduced and modified his proposals that he really hardly knows them. And yet tha present Ministry will tell 11s that they liave done more good for the Colony than any other ; they tell us in effect, though uot in words — ' Support us and you shall have no taxation, a good harvest is coming-, and the revenue will be sufficient.' But what sensible thinking man can but see that this really means pandering to the public taste, and the en deavor to keep their seats at any cost. The result of the policy on Tuesday clearly shows the present Ministry that they have not the confidence of the House nor have they of the country, and if they pursue any other course than abide by their proposal without one iota abatement or resign their position, they are for ever unworthy to represent the Colony of South Australia. There is no question but that there will be a deficit at the end of the current financial year, and it is the duty of the Government to provide for it, and if they estimate it at any'sum, and their proposed taxation will give that sum then they have no other course as gentle men seeking the welfare of the country, than to either stick fast to their scheme or hand over their portfolios to other men who will carry out the wishes of the com munity at large. There has been too much shifting about and there is no doubt about the expected deficit, and therefore the Government shouid nail their taxation proposals to the masthead and sink or swim with them. Another matter we would point out to the Government is that the Assessment Bill ought decidedly to have been introduced first, so that the hen. members may deal with the rate to be fixed in such a way that the Treasurer - next year will not have to come down with a deficit. Pbke Sheep. —There is on view at Mr. Wilson's shop the first prize pen of Lincolns at the Virginia Show. They are a fine lot aud well worthy of inspection. Court Bushman's Pbide, A.O.F., No. 248i.— The half-yearly finance meet ing and election of officers of the above club took place on Wednesday, when the following officers were elected — C R — I. Plummer ; S C It — E. J. Wright ; Secre tary— T. J. Benson ; S W— E. R. Harry ; J W— C. T. Kay. ; S B— O. Calaban ; J B — James Crump. The financial report showed a very satisfactory stats of affairs for after the usual expenses and the dis tribution of £58 10s amongst the sick members, a net profit of £22 15s Id ; the total worth of the funds being £1178 Op, 8d. Do not suffer or let your fr-f Bis suffer, (raf( Mep»nd urge them tvuw Hop T^itterC| , Prize Flour. — Messrs. G. Hilfers & Co. have added another to the long list of prizes for their justly celebrated flour by taking first prize at the Kapunda Show yesterday. Chronoloqicat, Chart.— Yesterday, a long pictorial chronological chart was added to the reading room of the Institute It is fixed on a stand and occupies the whole of one side of the room. Confirmation Service. — A confirma tion service will be held at St. George's Church on the 30th of September. The Bishop of Adelaide will preach morning, afternoon, and evening, and the offertory will be devoted to the recently established 'Bishop's Home Mission Fund.' Accident. — On Tuesday last as Mr. W. H. Mortimer was driviusf ^home from the Virginia Show, one of the horses (an animal belonging to Mr. H. E. Bright, M.P., which was being broken in to louble harness) stepped on a stone and aroke one its legs. The horse was a valuable one, and we believe Mr, Bright bad refused £25 for it some short time ago. Salvation Arma at Kadina. — On Monday last the Salvation Army at Kadina had one of their monster T fights, and also laid the foundation stones of the new barracks. There wero four stones in all, and the names of the person laying them were as follows : — Staff-Captain Gibbs, Messrs. John Jones, J.P., J. Allen, and G. Cross, all of Gawler, each of whom performed their allotted duties, with the exception of the last named, who unfor tunatley missed the train at Balaklava and the stone was laid by Mr. J. Malcolm, J P. Mr. AY. Malcolm, J.P., of Gawler gave a stirring address, which was well received. Unclaimed Letters. — Mr R. M Allen, Mr Anger, Mrs Been, C Brown, Mr A Coventry, Mr B Carthey, H J Collins, W J Carroll, Geo Dix, Mr Delaney, E Ellis, Thos Evans, Geo Faustmann, F Frome, A W Forder, A Francis, Mr F Gawler, Mr G Head, Mr G Heron, Wolf Humuisk:, M ITawers. W M Jackson, Mr F D Jeffrey, Mr H Johnson, Mr J Lloyd, Miss H Lawson, Mr Munro, Mr D Gretenhardt, Mr J McCarthy, Mr J Mitchell, Mr J Miller, Miss L Pavy, TB Rowe, J JRonald, JBR, W H 'Robinson, H Rogers, J Eousen, Geo Bees, Mrs Stafford, Mr C Secral, Mr S Skewes, Miss E Smith, Mr Pat Smith, Mr G Stone, Mr F Weeke, Mrs M White. The Modern Athens and the Sal tation Aumy. - The current week's Australische Zeitting has the following remarks about the Salvation Army ; the tranlsation reads — ' Gawler has allowed itself to be completely conquered by the Salvation Army, and has sunk into her widely extended arms. Messrs. Jas. Martin & Co. have prepared for her a large buildinc for Barracks, which was opened on Tuesday when the grateful publicpatronizedthe same very extensively and there was a general onslaught, not with cannons and riues, pat witn tea, cake and sandwiches. It is said that in the evening a ghost was seen in the Cemetery near by, that a certain grave opened, and a well known and esteemed former resident in Gawler, who gave it the name of Athens, came forth, listened to the lio-cding of tlie pious people below, covered his face with both hands, gasped painfully like a dying man and said :— ' Never wake me again, for now I am now dead for ever.' Then he sank back into the grave, which closed over the poor soul for ever. We cannot vouch for the truth of this report, but it might certainly be true.' Gawler Volotteer Club. —The Gawler Volunteer Club concluded their annual prize shooting yesterday. The day was moderately fine, but certainly not altogether a ' shootist' day for a slight wind blew across the range. The firing at the 400 yards range was concluded on the 3rd of Septemfcer, but the weather then prevailing rendered the competition of the jnatch an impossibility. There were twelre competitors and taken altogether the shooting was very fair. We must congratulate Color-Sergeant Crump upon his success for there is not a harder working man in the company for its welfare — be he officer or private — and even those who are envious of his position admit this — the prizes fal'ing to his share beinsr the gold medal presented by the club, Lieutenant-Colonial Makin's cup &c;, for the first aggregate ; the special prize for highest score at G00 yards, and the prize presented by Mr. E. Clement, J.P., at 700 yards. Besides this he tied for second position at 200 yards, for first at 400 yards. The three principle prize takers are 1st highest aggregate — Color- Sergeant Crump, 2nd Private Pinson mid 3rd. Corporal Crump. The Bachelor's Prize was won by Private Sunimerfcon with a total without the handicap of 88. The ties have yet to be fired off. The following are the scores : — § § s § s §? t? IM M ?* 10 o r3 ^ Col.-sergt. Crump 19 16 23 21 24 '% 108 Pt. Pinson ... 16 17 12 14 18 20 97 Cor. Crump ... 17 17 23 22 17 0 96 Sergt. Sweeny... 19 19 21 16 6 15 96 Pt. 'Baldock ... 19 22 17 20 16 0 94 Pt. Dawe ... 17 22 23 18 6 6 92 Pt. Richardson... 17 10 12 17 3 30 89 Pt. Snramerton 15 18 18 15 20 2 88 L -0. Freak ... 22 19 10 21 12 2 86 Sergt Freak ... 18 17 22 5 18 5 85 Pt. Wilson .. 15 9 18 8 4 30 8i Pt; Adcock ...14 17 6 13 710 67 For the special prize for married men (seven shots each at seven hnddred yards) the scoring was as folJows : — Co7or-Sergt. Crump, 22 ; Pt. Baldock, 19 ; L.-C. Freak. 18 ; Corporal Crump, 14 ; Privates Dawe, 14 ; Richardson, 14 ; Adcock, 13 ; Summerton, 10; Sergeant Freak, 10; Pinson, 8 ; Sergeant Sweeny, 4 ; Pt. Wilson, 0., The special prizes were won as follows :— 200 yards, L.-C. Freak, 22 ; and Color-sersreant CrniTin. Sanmani: Sweeney, and Private Baldock with 19' each tied for second. 300 yards — Privates Baldock ?nd Dawe 22 each ; third prize, Sergeant Sweeney, 19. 400 yards — Color- Sergeant Crump, Corporal ' Crump, and Private Dawe 23 each. 509 yards Corporal Crump. 22; L.-C. Freak, 21. 600 yards — Color-Senreant Crump, 24 ; Private Summerton, 20. Miserableness. — The most wonderful and marvellous success, in cases where persons are sick or pining away from a condition of miserableness that no one knows what ails them (profitable patients for doctors), is obtained by the use of Hop Bitters. They begin to cure from the first dose, and keep it up until oerfect hea'th and strength is reitored, Notice, Pkivilegb op the Press. — On Tuesday . Mr. Toinkinson moved his motion with \ reference to the attacks made upon him I by the writer of ' Above the Speaker ' in j the Advertiser, and took occasion to refer to what had been said of other members. The reading of the various extracts caused a considerable amount of merriment. The Chief Secretary spoke against the motion and ridiculed the above affair, saying that that article was the Punch cjlumu of the paper, and read with avidity by the whole of the community. Other members took the same view, and Mr. Tomkinson would have been glad to have withdrawn the motion, if his seconier — Mr. W. R. Mortlock — would have consented to it, and the motion was negatived without a dissentient voice. Mr. W. S. Harvey.— It will be iu the recollection of a good many that Mr. W. S. Harvey, of Salisbury, purchased the diorama of the American War, and in company with Lieutenant Hermann about two months ago started on his travels with it, and it will be very gratify ing to his numerous friends to know that he is well and generally successful in his undertaking. From a letter we have re ceived from him this week, be speaks of doing very well, notwithstanding that sickness aud rain have somewhat marred the great success which he would have otherwise obtained. From papers to hand we notice that the Press of New South Wales have favorably noticed the diorama and also the musical exhibition of Mr. Harvey. One paper has the following — ' The musical portion of the entertain ment W3S under charge of Mr. W. S. Harvey, who fully maintained all that was promised by him, by p'.ayinj six different instruments at one time. His manipula tion was something grand, taking the good people of Moruya by surprise.' Various other papers speak in equally ' flattering terms of the performance. Port Gawlbr and Virginia Show. — The annual show of this Society was held on Tuesday last, and was the most success ful one they ever held. The attendance was very &'ood, persons coming from all parts of the compass to the grounds. Besides numerous private conveyances from Gawler, Mr. Mortimer took one of his busses down to Virginia with visitors. The entries of horses were especially good, and Mr. J. Lindsay's Gladstone, as is usual when exhibited as a colonial stallion took first prize, and the apparently unconquerable Major was to the fore in the Draught Class. Judges of horse flesh seem to be unauimous that these two really splendid horses in their respective classes — colonial and imported — are the best horses about ; Gladstone only being being beaten by Major when entered to gether in the one class and then only by the pedigree. The show of poultry and colonial produce fuliy maintained the re putation of that district iu this respect, the tJ atcher Brothers being espe cially successful. For harness and saddlery, Messrs. Kinnear & Son, o: Gawler, took every prize, thus further establishing their claim to being the premier saddlers of the district and for the excellence of their work. The jump ing of horses was very good, the first prize being taken by Lightfoot, with the Buck second, both being G.iwler. At the dinner held. in the evening the usual loyal toasts were duly honored. Both members for the district were present, and Mr. Gilbert responded to the toast of the Parliament. The Secretary ( VI r. J. Nash) was indefatigable in his exertions to get everything in good order, and it is gratifying to note that he succeeded in doing so. It is understood that the Society intend purchasing a piece of land in a central position for holding the shows oa. The next show will be held at Twp Wells._ ? 