TiiK1 stately .composure 'fiil tho.rChurcIi of England, has . beon ruffled, and -the ' out rage comes from the hand . of, one of. heir . most distinguished sons... pr. Eromby has actually invited a Scotch minister, Jlr. .Charles Strong, tb , preach in . an Anglican cliurcli, and Mr. .-Strong has delivered an excellent' addre?? from the v tohsecrato'4'.3pulpitiVf;'; 'j'AVhcfp, .is, sthi's ". sort of tiling to stop V' asks aliseon-' folate1 canon- of; Melbourne1 in tlie; columns „ of a ' contelh'pbrary. ' : " Dr. '' Bromby sympathises with Mr. Strong,- I' anbthar clergyman Inaj .sympathise " with the Irvingito . angel,1 and another " witli the Swectb'nborgiail minister, ('.and 'a4 ' third i" witli, a! Plymouthito '" evangelist !" To .uS-jthe inference luggested does not .se'ein either rvery haturaf or very terrible,' Clergymen of the Church of England do not as a rule Synipathisel'witjir,,.th»ti_ emotional and erratic religion whicli. is tho distinguish ing mark of the three' bodicsAnatanccd.' Inhglaiid the " ministers' '$ 'the State . Church .oscillate towards . Home,- Ger- inany/or' 'Geneva j and in "this co|ony nine outi-of ten amobigV '.$nem are wisely. i content to work on-terms of good fejlow-- 6hip'with their Ere'sljy t'erian,: IVesffej-ap and lndopendent bretUreri. i Tlie chanc'os. are /that ifxchahgihg Vpulpits., comes td/ be the rule, we shall iiqt filicl ix Swedbni- borgian- or. a- I'lymquth : brother in . an- Anglican,, pttlpit' from ; oho year's end 'to!< thq otiier, Thebtpreach6(s'dfwhat'aro. known as the orthodox 'chnrckesi' will die1 isked. now and tjien1 tp address Topign cqngragatlbii j- aiid ,\ye.!oW»et suppose', iho_ sbrmbn-attending public' will. object,1 As for 'the other poinfcjwhich Dri::Bfbin; ' by'oimpugners : liavo :raised(..thut lie ;is: violating 'the lab'f the' Chiirbh ' of EngTahd, "it 'ifno .ivhipli". we"timagipe , dannnly be decidbd by .tlrb Bishop and by ' tlie- Church , A'ssfembly:; Our:;own im: £ression i'sfthap.-he' has acted against the-, spirit ol -the disciplinary, custiim of the1 Church;qfi.Engand, but that there "lidvo ! been. many exceptional cases, which he ! ' may_ fairly plead as "precedents, ; His'! opponents roly on the-prdinationsorvjco, .j lyhioh savs that no man- sliall fcc suffeted ' to execntoany of the functions of bishop, I . jiribst or deacon unless he bo ordainod ih tho ; Church of Jingl.md, " or bath ; '(had formerly episcopal ordination or 1 'f cpnsecration." . There , aire . several i annising instances of _ the way in which j .this .last clau3q has. been Worked. . In- ' TC17 it allowed -James. J. to confer tho dbatiery of VVindsor'on .-I'.Githqlic prelate, ' 'lAarco A'htbnio 'clo1 Dbininb' '' who' had"'" I quarrelled with his church, but who held himself after a'fashibn to b'e Stall in it. A century later itenaBled Arch-' bishop l'ottor to connivo at Moravian preachers occupying "pulpits ih tlio Church of England, till .further inquiry' threw a' deplorable doubt on tho Mom- viin 'claim fo liaTo received the. Apos tolical successiori from Bishop Comenius. Nay! within the last few years a' Greek Archbishop has been allowed to officiate in tho Cathedral Church o'f Lincoln under one of its most learned and orfho- dox prelates. - Our readers will perhaps calhto mind. that, dho . Greek Church is 'tainted, with a heresey, not to bo , ex plained' without profanity, , which ' pre- eludes its members 'frdm repeating t-Iib Ath'anjisian creed, and ''which is hod : to shtit them oil" from communion., witli the Western Church. No one, however, doubts the", validity of ''Greek orders,, and accordingly only p. few scholars mur-l mured at Bishop Wordsworth's courtesy to a distinguished guest. FJo fortunate 'a .thing is it to. have boon ordained by the imposition of episcopal hands. I Dr. BrqmbyjqaLnnq't,.qfli course, deny these notorious- facts., iike a wily,! disputant, "he turns the enemy's position,' andj.-iffinnq that while certain, functions' are severely restricted to the minister, other' parts - are- 'leff'p'p'e'ii ;to"'api; ''proved members of the church, e.g., ."tho psalms; the anthem, the lessons ; and, p/Artwri, the' hbmilios." ' Wq.colW fess to thinking that Dr. 3'romby lias not ;exactly proved his position by this argu ment. Mr. Strong was not invited to fea4 (one-of the: Church of.Jfnglan'd homilies,: but to' deliver a discourse of his owri,| Thero' was a , timq when the" Church of! ', England- tolerated tho > services- of day preiichbrSj'but that liberty was 'stamped out- more. than 300 years ago, and wo jknow of no instances of it in - orderly- times.1' : Woil'eyof courSe tf-icd to rbvivo it, but tho experiment only ended in his . followers having to set up churches of th'oir own. Ndvcjtlieless, apart from his illustration, DrABromby'st position ; is Based, wci think, upon an utiasailable truth. Tho Church of.' England does,, sye' apprehend, believe that a layman 'is' competent' to dischatgo any singlo duty of a clergyman, oven a bishop, except reading the absolution, consecrat-; ing tho eucharist, confirming orordainiiig. The prohibitions against lay baptism :and lay preaching ' hayri only llbcrt- adopted as matter .of .convenience, and', may be sot aside in a day./ Therefore, ioven if -,ve cliooso to regard Mr. Strong as 110 bettor than a layman to Anglicans, 'even so thero is no reason why ho should 1 not preach in an English' ' C'hurdh pro. . vidpd the ..authorities of the-.-'dioceso mid : ,of the particular- church give liim leave.' (In this caso' the Bishop !appears..t6 liavo raised.no. difficulty:; and Dr. . Bromby assures us that'ho showed all dito respect 'to his. churchwardens. '.If the head of the church in Melbourne end tho repro-' isdntatives of the congregation seo no ob-| jectipii; to Mr. fetrqngjs. preaching, -.a p'ormal protest by moro outsiders looks very much' lite-im impertinence. j 'At the risk i. of ' shocking scrupulous 'consciences, we would vonturp .to suggest; .that the Church of England- in Victoria is not bound by any hard ' and -fast line ' of ancient observance" y that," it has,' car ried out with it- the right of 6elf-govprn-. ,ment p. and that; it'' need'- not 'be afrai jnow anct again , to wiclon iho boundary!, 'lines which v,-ere found convenient in-' the sixteenth and, seventeenth' centuries, .; jWhat is it a. canon, of . .Melbourno idreads ? Not apparently the preaching; 'of, tratigq; doctrine, but;..fhe :.pi'eablyng j of sohib man who lias liotiirecoived the, 'Holy Ghost by episcopal layiiig on ' of ' hands. ' ' Ndw we could understand this 'objection if experience showed that .Anglican ordination,' or.' -to put' it . as' ibroadly. as we "blight, the Apostolical , succession, convcyed any immunity from 'error. Unluckily, tho; notorious fact is .'that. tho Protestant churches which have !no bishops are more 'in-- harmony with !the Thirty-nine1 Articlte, and with , tho :wholo spirit of the Church of England, :than either'tbo Ilomnn Catholic or .tlie'' GreekjChurqii.,., .Even ,within the Angli- , cau fold, such men as Pusey and Liddon, Maurice1: and'1' Stanley, Macneil and.'. Bickersteth,' .'have ' differed from ope another much', more widely than - 'Mr; ICharles Strong differs from' many hun dreds of Church of .England clergymen. . If Bishop Colenso were to come here'to- imorrow, a canon' "of 'Molbquriie would have no right on his own principles to : lobjeefc to 'the Bishop's being ' invited to" ;pieach' in, any Anglican- pulpit ;..yetthe ( Bishop has been. the -'outspoken and ag-" gressive critic of much that the orthodox . of every, commumon 'venerate. ." Surely;, the Churches are not so rich in ability,' 1 ileast of .all. the Church ofEngland,that they can afford to shut genius and re- : ligious fertror out of their-" sanctuaries. 'Ab; sighs a canon fit Melbourne/ tljp.casb ; woulcLbo differentjif Mr. Strong were: in full "cSmmunion ' with tho ' 'Church ' ih , which lie js asked to minister. „ -Would i£ bo possible for the worst- enemy of 'the 1 jAnglica.; faitji,", "to imply, more tjisr ; jtinctly .jtha'n .those words ;do that ,-the , Church ofei'tagland, has different fboun- daries from tjie 'Chutch of- Clirist j- V, , '!.', No w tliat the case of Mou'l v. Moore is concluded, and the defendant has con fessed to the brutal assault he committed, and been punishedUoi- it, ' wo ;feol - at , liberty to 'join' our Vojco, with that of Air..,,' J'anton and the' bench generally. dii pro-" testing against any- attempt to interfere ' jvith.thq . right,, of free, critiqism in' the jnessan any suoh- high-handed stylo. If criticism is to be of any' sorvicq tq tho public, jt, ihiist >be free, for 'the'critic-who ' vritesin fear of bodily violence Writes with 'manacles on his wrists.' Vendible. priticism';.- Jilce vendible ilove,. , is- no criticism at all, but simply -'a 'prosti tution' b'fjithe critical 'faculty.' ' Erut'. yhat has transpired,- it.-: seems that McisSfs.' V>7illiamtoh; vGarner and, 'com-'' pany hayo qome ,to the cpnclusibn that' a venal quill, is. a purcliaseable commodity jn Melbourne, and that . by -withholding ' jheir advertisements, or keeping a prize lighter, in their., establishment, they can feithor wheedle, or., force the newspapers.' into- giving them what -they want. - The Age is not the onlydocal newspaper- on Which 'thcse1;tactics '' ' h'avq 'beeii'. triod'j and. from, the- qoiuplaiht," recently niada!! 1 in "the columns- of a morning - oontempo- rary ,ifc would look ,!very much' 'as if ; theso" speculativfo .rnirejircneurs had de-; termined upon' strikin" out'a systeiA pf- rib'ery or" intiniidatio'n for tliem'splyes.,! ''If they.hayo,- we .feel certain - that they. !.' will fail -in' the 'long'- run. 11 Threafe' or i dajolery, lpay' prevail in !one instance, but . ! the public will very'Soon jjee through the practice, and ris up; in rqvolt Against it. No independent newspaper will submit I to dictation of any kind, and least of all will it allow' its critics to L-o bought ' or ' bo bullied .with impunity. It was a gross piece of- impertinence on tho part of the, Tlicatro Iloyal management or aiiy 'of. their employes to assume that Mry Moul ' necessarily wrote tho articles id, djspute. No .evidence was adduced .to warrant.- that assumption ; but on the other hand ' ' probf was given that -lie wa3 not 'th6 writer of some of the criticisms attributed to him; and oven had' he been, the recog nised anonymity which protects the press would have compelled him to be silent on tho subject. It cannot bo expected that a critic should pleaso everybody, and the ri valry that exists in tho theatrical world is so keen that it ishiot surprising ho should bo occasionally accused of favoring one side ratlior tlian the other.! Tho answer to this ohargo, howovpv-is very simple. Even supposing, he had'.! any' partia-. lity, ho could not indulge it foTrlong with out being detected, and doiection would remedy it at oiide. Anybody , can' wear tho foolish jaco ; of praise. ' Tho critic; who sees no faults 'iiv.-his. favorites will- smother tbeiii with' .honoy and butter ; but .tlio maii who recognises1; the; re sponsibilities -of his vocation, and, espe cially his obligations to the public," oyer whote interests he is supposed to watch,; will writer fearlessly and with, discrimi nation ; and ! if ho does not arm himself with an oaken cudgel As Johnson did against "Ossian" M'Pherson, lie will cer-: tainly reply! .to his assaikinta in John son's words : 1 shall nob bo deterred; from Qxpiasing what I - believe ;tp' be' !" the trick'qf!a, cheat by; the menaces of I" a ruffian."1 t Tiittpreclpitato action of the Government1 iri forcing' thoBalahbe; 'of the! Victorian 4. per cent, loan1- of £'1,000,000 on tho' Londop .marko't cannot he viewed by those, who have ' tlie true interesfs. of the 'colony at heart but with feelings of dis trust. We !.' have >.thq; ; authority of Messrs. "Wm. Westgartn and Pa, 'fa; prominent jii'm of the highest standing in connection with colonial loans, for ' stating that tho failure of tho first at tempt to float ; our! ' loan;; 'was - due to " mismanagement." "The time, selected by Sir1 Bryan O'Logblon for offering our-' debentures on tho London market was not only ill chosen, but the 1 yaria- itipns iii; the conditions, and. .tho wholo . Gurroundings of tho loaii', courte'd , failure rafher than success. ' Tho London money market Js .now certainly easier, .the Bank of ; England minimum rate.of 'discount having ' been1 reduced to 34. 'pOr cent, as against 5 por" cent, in .January, whilst the price., of money in the open market is quoted at 3 percent.; but'it does hot follow -that capitalists, ,'in viqwof our necessity of agaiii apply- ;ihg within tlio current yesr- -for -further amounts, will show that eagerness .which . tlioMinistryandtheirfrionclsexpecttopur-' clpise oii£ dqb,eritures..,' In June, 1882; . whetftho-New ;?quth-;Wales-Govemmeh£ , .floated their 'last loan, only i£2,000,000 ' jwds asked for. andthere.;.\yiik no hint- jgivon that" any further loan would be' floated on that colony's account for. a .considerable periorl,'.. ,Mbnoy at the'dito; Referred . fo , was only -per- cent, in the open market, whilst tho Bank of England minimum1 was '3 per1 cent. The (conditions under which the balance of, oqr 'Ifian is iiow, offered are. not so. favorable qven ,if; tho stigma of a first failure 'could be got rid of, and henco thore is" moro" than a possibility— which, we ;undorStand,' ';is Tilso ' jelt .. fjn tLondon financial circles — that success is dquljtful.! 'All things' considered, it.' would have o;ily shown common, pru dence if -the Ministry had waited'1. until more qiire'd of tho position our . loan , was . likely ' to taico in the iLondon market. It cannot bo forgotten tliat- a ; promise' was giyen to Parliament ' that ho attempt should bo mado to float tho locin under'; par without ; consulting tho House. : This i promiso may- be said to hayb'bqen kept in the letter biit surely- the spirit- of the agreement;..' has' 'Veen broken, when -we find that instead of our debentures returning us A 100, or par, we jshall "recei ve, even assuming that they are 1 subscribed for under tho present con dition's, '31s,. less than was expectecTin January, last. This in itself .is., a1 matter of such importance tliat.it was incum bent on tho,;Miifistry to consult ,1'arlia,- inont beforo offering: such extreme con cessions j andvhad this been the- case, doubtless we should have -had our finan cial operations. :ih London" (rescued " from" the .hands of, those' -who; have' shown themselves utterly incompetent to manage' ' ' them, ' oven ' with- the - pick . of Conservative " financiers, in the --person . of" Mr." 'Murray' priiitli, attemptingoto. pulL. tho-Avires1 in IThreadneedle-street.- -The best thing the new Assembly-could W would bo to jesolve immed'i'i'toly tliat all attempts to- float our loan shquld be postponed- until jiblef-ineii i aro-seated--ofr--the-Treasury- bbnehes, as by. courtinc a second failure, wo not-only ( damage' the financial posi tion ofi Viotoria in the London: .-ihoney. jntfrkct,' but Jjabsplutely,. preclude "'our ! placing- later; loans ,on ; satisfactory term's.!';.. |! ' ' ' i ; ; . ' ; : 