Lectures and Addresses. THE PEINOIPLES OF THE APOCALYPSE. {The Bisliop of Melbourne.) Third Lectube. The symbolic forma which are connected with the series of the vials set before us, in significant and comprehensible shapes, the true character of the spiritual forces which lay hidden beneath the glitter ing surface of contemporary Pagan civilisation. The first of these, that of the wild beast from the sea, gives its whole tone and character to the series, The beast is an enemy of the Church of Christ. His power rests upon force. His seven heads represent at once the seven mountains on which the harlot-city sits, and seven kings, five of whom are fallen, and one is, and another is yet to come. The beast also has ten horns, representing ten kings or rulers, who are just about to exhibit their power. These are of one mind with the beast, and give their strength to him. All this points decisively to the Pagan Roman Empire. The horn is the beast's strong hand, with which it exercises its power. The Eoman Empire had ten provinces, over which the government was committed to Procurators and Proconsuls. Very true was it of them, as Rome found to her coBt, that they should hate the harlot-city, and make her desolate. Which of the Emperors are represented as heads of the beast, and what is their relation to the beast ? Beginning with Augustus — five we are told are dead — Augustus, Tiberius, Caius, Claudius, and Nero, who are the 6th and 7th heads? Within two years from the death of Nero, three popular nobles had fought their way to the throne and _ been slain. It is extremely unlikely that St. John would count these ghosts of kings which flitted so rapidly across his sight as Emperors. One of the heads of the beast had been wounded to death, but already ' its deadly wound was healed. Nero's death had brought the empire to what looked like ruin, but under Vespasian it had revived again. It is called ' the beast whoBe deadly wound was healed,' ' which had a '...' wound by the sword and did live.' After him was to come another Emperor, who should continue for a little time — his son Titus. Seven is the number of prophetic completeness. Haying gone so far he stops, and he transfers his view to the empire as a whole, and tells us its nature and its end. It is itself of the seven. Their influence has impressed upon it a fundamental character — that of cruel, godless force from which, in spite of the efforts of the better Emperors, it shall never depart. And thus, though it has risen again from Hades, it lu uui umuiig me wuriu a lorces wmcn suaii remain, xc saau go into perdition when its destined course is run. St. John adopts a method, well known in his own time, of representing anything which it might be unadvisable to speak of openly by means of a. number. To use the language of men, he says the number of the beast, is 666. Reuss, Eenan, Ewald, and Farrar adopt the Hebrew equivalent, 'Neron Kesar' (Nero Caasar), and although. St. John wrote in Greek and for those who spoke Greek, I prefer the ancient interpretation, ' Lateinos,' denoting the Latin Empire, which is as old as the time of Ireriseus, with Bleek, De Wette, Ebrard, Diisterdieck, Alford, Wordsworth, and Lee. In the wild beast from the sea we have a symbolical representation of the real spiritual character of the Eoman Empire. It was an incarnation of blasphemy, cruelty, and brutal lust. The Emperors were deified. Men had ceased to believe in the old gods even while they worshipped them. 'The religion of the God man was openly confronted by that of the man-God,' Upon the heads of the wild beast 'were the names of blasphemy.' That whole brilliant life of Paganism was built upon slavery. Slave labour, which had destroyed the life of the country, had no less corrupted that of the towns. Such utter depravity had never stained and debased- the earth. Where there is lust there is cruelty. And such cruelty as was organised, and made a public spectacle in the gladiatorial games, the world never witnessed. The so-called good Emperors were as1 guilty in this matter as the worst. And yet, by the. Romans, that beast with its lust, cruelty, and stupid blasphemy was sincerely worshipped. ' Who is like unto the beast, who can contend with him?' Celsus and Marcus Aurelius were led away by the sanguinary superstition, that opinions ought to be subordinate to the force of the empire. Mediaeval missionaries did indeed a grand work ; but Charlemagne, with his compulsory conversions, and such as he, did but bring into the Church Pagan superstitions. But if force, when applied to opinion, be so evil a thing in the hands even of the pious, what must it be when wielded by those who believe in no God and no immortality ? Lawless force is now again taking form, and it is too ominously like that awful symbol of St. John. As before, it shows itself as a wild beast of human idleness, lust, and cruelty. But now, instead of seven, it haB ten myriad heads. It is the mass of the demoralised ?nrnlfitariatfi of Enrnnp,. With t.hp. aima nf I.Vio V»ir»V\ivp onpialicm T have the heartiest sympathy. I believe with it that the present con dition of the poor is intolerable, and that the alleviation of the misery of the poor is the one question of the day that the task of the states men of the future is to devise such a system of distributing wealth that a greater share of the products of industry shall fall to the lot of the producers. I go further, I freely own that the methods of thoughtful modern socialists like Lassalle, Marx, and Treischke have been widely misunderstood. Again, it is unjust to accuse philosophic German communists of holding the doctrine of free love. They em phatically repudiate it. Very many of the socialists again appeal to the moral authority of the Christian religion, recognising that in such a state of society as the present Christianity must create socialistic aspirations. But I say, in spite of all my admissions, that a power is growing and gathering its forces in the depths of European society which is an exact counterpart of the wild beast of the Apocalypse, It is as blasphemous and sensual wherever it be found, whether in France, Spain, Germany, Russia, or Ireland. The wild beast of savage, godless force has broken loose. It has committed its cowardly murders in Ireland by scores. In Russia it has murdered one Emperor and imprisoned another for months in a fortress. It is combating to-day in Spain, straining savagely at its chains in France and Russia, and threatening every moment scenes of horror such as history has never witnessed. It is the duty of every man among us to consider how best we may preserve the people from the consequences ' of their own madness. Not by callous agnosticism, not by sentimental culture, not by a heedless headlong plunging into the mad riot of sensual pleasure ; but, as of old,' by the patience, the purity, the heroism of a true faith in the Son of God, is the wild beast to be overcome and cast into perdition. 