MR. REDMOND AND HIS CRITICS. It : is deeply to be regretted for the sake oi: peace in our community, as well as of truth, that the press of Sydney has, on the uncorroborated tes timony of an informer, identified the Irish Land League with the horrible assassina tions in Phoenix Park — murders which have moved the breast of every Irishman worthy of the name to the highest indig nation against the murderers whose crime has clone so much injury to the cause of Ireland. For by this time it ought to be well known by those who pretend to such superior knowledge of Irish affairs, that the late Land League had the support not only of tho majority of the. Irish lay men, but that it was encouraged and actively supported by nearly every one of the hierarchy in Ireland and by the great majority of the clergy. And not only may this be said of those who live in Ireland, but the same is true of Irishmen in America and Australia, be they bishops, clergy, or laymen. Now, if there be any shadow of truth in the gross charges against the Land League with, which the press of this city has teemed since Carey's confessions, it must be true that the Irish bishops, clergy, and laity all over the world lent themselves to a cause which had assassination for one of the meana to effect its end. It follows then of neces sity that they knew assassination to be a part of the programme of the League, and are therefore participes criminis in the murders of Lord Cavendish and Mr Burke, or that they wore ignorant of it. 'We do not suppose, however disposed to seize every opportunity of slandering the Irish people the press of this city may be, that any of its scribes will dare to maintain tho former in its nakedness, though we are sorry to say that such may be im plied from the coarser-written, articles wo have lately been insulted by. And to say that the latter could bo ihe ease would be to imply that the Irish bishops and the Jrish cler-ry, the guides, the consolers, and the friends of the people, or the people themselves, could be ig norant, of the real nature of the political agitation in which they were actors, or of the true characters and real objects of the men who captained it. But because James Carey, who has not even spared his own brother in the effort to save his neck from the gallows, is reported to have said that he was a member of the Land League, and had Land League funds at his disposal ; this is believed, and consequently the clergy and people of Ireland are put down as abettors of assassination, l hat tins inference is not an exaggerated one, hear what an even ing paper says on the authority of the in former Carey: ' Can any man reasonably doubt that the Land League was con nected with and responsible for the assassinations ?' Again : ' The connection between the organization and the assassi nations seems too clear even to admit a doubt.' The repetition of the idea would seem to imply that the writer wanted to persuade himself of the truth of the statement. And yet after such a charge against the League, damning i£ true, this organ, true to its cowardly in stincts, does not want to hear Mr. Red mond. This gentleman, as one of the chiefs of the organization, ought to be cognizant of its inner workings, and an authority on its policy in general, lie is one of the attacked. Then why not hear him? Why should Parliament be invoked to stop him on the strength of the Press articles (such as the one we have quoted from) written against him ? Is this the British fair play which wo hear so much of on Sydney platforms and in the Press ? The Freemasons refused him the hall, so did the lessees of the Gaiety Theatre. They broke their contract, after they had read the articles in the Herald, Echo, and Kven'mg News, which grossly libelled him, his countrymen, and his object in coming amongst us. We have heard Carey's story. But what weight can be attached to the Mclio when we find it seriously attempt inci: to establish a relationship between the murders of Lord Cavendish and Mr. Burke, and the attempt on the life of one of our princes by the lunatic O'Farrell ? It was supposed that the country had come to its senses on that subject. The writers of the Echo, however, appear prepared to revive the slander which the Parlia ment and people of the colony had, even, in the excitement of the time, discredited. Was it not sufficient that the country should have had to suffer the infamy of the Kiama ghost transaction, without an attempt of the same kind being now made in cold blood ? 