to-day’s matches. U uliamstown v. iootscray, to be played at Williamstown. The following will re present the former, and are requested to meet at the rink, garden’s reserve, not later than half-past two :—Alexander, Bullock, Daly, Freeth. Gibson, Hernan, James, Rees, Kilgour. Laming,’ Mackrell. Sussems Scully, Matthews. Smith, Wauchope, Weatherhead, Worroll, and Ward (2.) Osborne (second twenty) v. North Mel bourne Imperial, in tho market reserve. Tho following will represent the former :— Bennett, Bullock, Davis, Dobney, Glenister, Godwin, Gatehouse, Hollick, Uaslam, Lee, Kennerson, Norton, Russell (2), Rowlands, Sutton, Saul, Tubb. Tregurtha, and Warren; emergencies—Brown and Hammond.' Alberts v. Richmond Standard, at the Richmond Paddock. The following . will represent the former, and are. requested to proceed by the 1.45 train or meet at the Melbourne station at 2.15. :—Roily, Chester, Boyd, Booth, Cook, Berry, Goble, Hossick, Hillman, Morgan, Phillips, Pick, Rivett, Seymour, Sinclair, O’Connell, Rees, Licbert, and Bruton ; emergencies—Farnsworth and Rowlauds. Williamstown Juniors (second twenty) v. Clarence, at Albert Park. The following will represent tho former, and are requested to proceed by the 1.15 p.m. train to Mel bourne Adams. Bland, Blackett, Baker, Currio, Goldsmith, Hackett, Jones, Look wood, Laming, McKenzie, Orr (3), Pierce, Thomas, Thompson, Trisi rail. Woolfe, and Wood ; emergencies—Gerring, Hughes, and Hourigan. Balmoral v. YarraviUc Juniors, at Yarra vtlle. The following will represent the tormor,*aud are requested to proceed by tho 2.15 pan. train or meet at Yarraville not bter than 2.30 Brown, Jones, Moore, Christie, Parsons, Friday, Downey (2), Morris, Lown, Ward, McDonoug, Lafferty, Radeliffe, Hayes, Miles, Wilkins, Bryant, Grinin, and Parker; emergency—Kenny. M hy is an hotel-ghost like an exciseman ? —Because it is an inn sceptre. “Rob,” said Tom, “which is the most langerous word to pronounce in tho English language ?” Don’t know,” said Rob, “unless it is a swearing word.” . “Pooh!” said Tom. “it’s stutnblal, because ■on are sure to get a rumble between the first tnd last letters.” “Ha! ha 1” said Rob. “Now I’ve one or you. I found it, one day, in the paper. lYliich is the longest word in the English anguage ’?” _ “Valetudinarianism,” said Tom promptly. “No, sir; it's smifex, because there is a vliole mile between the first and last etters.” “Ho! ho !” cried Tom, “That’s nothing, 1 know a word that lias over three miles ictween its beginning and ending.” “ What’s that ?" asked Rob faintly. ‘ ‘ ’Beleaguered, ” said Tom. 