BRITISH AND FOREIGN BIBLE SOCIEITY.. GOULBURN AUXILIARY. TImR annual meeting of the Goulburn auxiliary of the British and Foreign Bible Sociely was hold on Monday evening in the hall of the mechanics' institute. The attendance numbered about one hundrod, including many ladies. The chair was taken by Mr. W. Davies, president of the auxiliary. The Right Rev. the Lord Bishop of Goulburn, the Vcn; Archdeacnoon Puddieombe, the Boy. o. GM. D'Arcy.Irvine, the 1ev. Auchinloch-loss, the Rev. W. White, the laev. R. Sellor, Meosers. S. F. Black more, J. Brownhlill, and J. Caldwell were also on the platform. The praceedings commenced with a hymn. The Rev. R. Sellers read the 19th Psalm, and the Von. Archdeaoon Puddieomnbo offered prayer. Apologies for inability to attend were read from the 1Cvy. A. M. Tait, the Rev. G. James, Mr. A. M. Bells, and Dr. Sly. The Chairman said it was very pleasant to him to moot those who were engaged in Christian work, especially in the work of disseminating the pure "word of God, and he looked forward to these annual maotings with very great pleasure. It lacked twenty. one years of a century since this grand institution was established. It is believed that at the time of the establishmeout of this society there were not more than five millions of bibles in the world. This sodlety had been instrumental in distributing one hundred millions of bibles or testaments or portions of scripture. So extraordinary had been the efforts of the society not only to distribute the scriptures but to bring the price within the compass of all, that now an excellent bible could be bought for 6d., a testament for 2d., and the Gospel of St. John or other portions of scripture for Id. Of course this was only done by the aid of free contributions. They could not be produced for that money, but they were sold for that money owing to the liberality of the friends of this society in all parts of the world. Hio had not the report for the last twelve months, but be had no reason to believe that the enthuolasm of the managers of the parent society had cooled, or that the Issues would not bear favourable com. parison with those of former years. In fact be should not be surprised if the issues in 1882 had boon nearly three millions of copies in whole or in part of the sacred scriptures. He believed they were published in something like two hundred and fifty languages; and although the wants of the world in regard to the spread of the word of Gld had not and could not yet be mot, this was a very praiso worthy effort to moot those wants. (Cheers.) They must not disparage the efforts of other sooieties, though no one of them had done so much as this. But he believed that if this society had published a hundred millions of copies, probably the other sooieties in the aggregate had not contributed less. So that we perceived that very quietly and by dint of perseverance probably not less than two hundred millions of copies had boon distributed through the world. This was a fact which he thought they ought to carry with them. There was nothing small or feeble about this institution. It had had opposition; but opposition ran through society, and its effect was to incite us to effort and zeal and per. severance, and to make us strong. It was a feeble church or society that had no opposition. He was afraid ihe was now getting too old to expect it, but he *had ventured to express a hope that he might live to soo this or a larger hall crowded at some of their annual.meotiungs; bocause lie was sure the churches of Goulbunr wore never doing a work which would have a:griater reflex influence on their own well. being thauwhen they were distributing copies of the scripturos. ' He thought it was a good thing to die. tributoe bibles even in families where they already have them, and he would rather that there should be in every. house a large family bible with gilt edges thanthat people should be content with an siferior copy. One matter lie would like to particularly refer to.' We do not think much about the Obhinese in this country, but we think a good deal of them in their own country; and ihe believed the whole of China was now open to the colportours and agents of the society. (Finar, hoar.) He could willingly enlarge upon the work of this society, but in his position as chairman, lihe felt cribbed, cabined, and confined, and must content himself with those few preliminary re marks, and would now call upon the secretary to road the report. Mr. 8. F. Blaokmoro, hon. sooretary, road the fol. lowing InrPOT : Your committee regret thpat the succss i this society derlenn thel past year has not been so grant as they cotld hase dolrold. In eolseocUleO of Mir. Olmasioi leaovlng iotlburn in JUly last, your socioty lost lain vahlableo serlot s as sosretery. lie wss a etsi eiscisent obior, ,rli your thauks are idue to him for hIs Iondefatigble atte tlin to tieu regular working of the society, In February MIr. S.F. lllackmeom was apontlt soeretary. During the year, as proposaod la the lost rolomrt, tbo dislrist hose boon reorrangod, oand tile lady eolloators Lmvo done tlheir beat to securs caltod eollectlio for tihe year, the total amoent col0o0tod hy thes boite £sl 17/0. Youir tlonks nreodoe to thee Istdis for aolr elf-d inI inged pasioriovrlceg oerots in Hatvnolsig tlie city. Tho brancshes of the soolety blso lot done as well durinn the last year at In previous yeors. The num of £7 11/. hase bees reosid roi le Oenthe ill ecud Ilisdn, anld i5 from Ynas, NO doubt oether brencltn may roec Ii;bt It In to be regretted that their efforts b f tl eo ite cly cannot be acknowledged Ir th?l esporlt. Thnuks nre dui to thoue mue aohcs wrho hno so kindly coeoporsiod tllt yollur committele. Yeour coiltllltteo are hn py to report that they have bicen able o rilllt to hie lreunt society a free eontrlihutlieu ofI £100. I)urlig the year aooiecuenl. eatlon was reeied freei tcie New outlri Wales Auxlisary sugeoo tle the acalrnituluoni of allother eistlultl oauxilsrieo in Ne South Wales with thellirs, but ntler a careful onsideratieon of thi alu sngeslo, the lruopoeals of tho Sydney commttteo wore sourltoously deolinod. sour oolilttoe reolejeo At tie oontluiued marked proegres of the parent socalle; nld whilst roconlug the ir tollhk to Aimlshty gu d for the pant, eesarlly ihlore ulls guldaneo and blessing In the futnre. Mr. J. Brownhill, hen. treasurer, road the noaom. panying balanceo.sleet:- ,UANOn.BneET : 188.--To bsal o fro Int it .................. 4 7 Feb. 2?. collioane 1 nItoiooeli g... .... .. " a 5 mays , 1* aollo n sitnd nloool .,ing .,.....,.. a 10 eb, 10.. Orootkwll en d oBLiilnd ch ......;,....i 7 11 0 Mtar 19.. *Yoiss brelaeh ilrs. O'rien) ,. ,.. 5 0 0 l r ollcto by iIres, If rr .............. 7 '718 o0 lsn Grlnnell tcll an.,d.ee ....n,.: ° - s the "roion lss ltnaai o tnIrn, ottdU w o 0 poi i Mrs. Weomcty, .. . . 4 4 6 \- Min o ' Silver t ........ : ...2. th 18 c Tire. OdwIcell .' .. ...7 17 0 PoR.ro, lsokmoro ............ i14 0 Mrs. Wh.Darlcs.............. 8 a 0 Jan dlO Oo otrlbution by 0,8, Aloxnndor . ;'. ' '9 Apl. 18, W. 8. Foxall, for sale of bibles . . 10 10 s lefund on ro lnsuenoo e........... 0 1 0 s l h o £114 1 a 1888, ice8n. Feob.;1,; TomeOhanics' ltlectutiitorret e ,. ...o o . 0 8o rflely hasuralcoo on bibles. ..a... ,,n 1 0 a OaslbtloIfralodtfor prlittitg r opor &e.; 8a n 0 Bar. A. Oenl)nir'si op"1.9.9....... ,. 0 10 0 " W:. C. , Folfopr l tar ..............h . ... D n di~rll' 14 dralt tooLedon totrt soclety .... L05 10 0 £11,.B B Thbc? Bishop of Goulburn rose to movethe first resolutfon: That the report end balanoo.shet be adopted'nn cd printed for ociroulation. io said r:In moving this rooelution I shall confine myself to the goneialaspects of thoe stbjest, for on this occasion I possess no speoinl kinowledgo of the labours of tie soeloty during the past twelve months, We desire to cimulate thi Bible becauss we believe that "all scripture is given by inspiration of God;" that it is the word of God "written by holy men as they were moved by the Holy Ghost;" and because we feel that "there is no book on which we can rest in a dying moment but the Bible!" ' Modern "free thought," as it is called--("unbridled thought" would be a better name)--has however made very free with the charactor of this precious book, and maligned it fearfully. But the more it is sifted the more genuine it is proved to be, and the more re= liable as the guide of perishing man through this sinful world to a land of certainty, purity, and holi. ness. The scientific infidel would indeed persuade us to cast aside this unique volume and to follow his guidance into the dark paths of uncertainty and conjecture, doubt, and despair ! But, as was truly said by a man of science of the first order, we must follow the scientific infidel on his own ground-we must challenge him to produce his proofs; and then we shall find that no single thing has ever yet been demonstrated by any science which upsets a single doctrine of the Gospel, which contradicts a single statement of tho Bible, when rightly, inter. preted. For if we refer to the conclusions of astronomers, we learn that true science, and the Bible reasonably interpreted, are in no way opposed to one another! And as to geology, the history of the creation given in Genesis is not a weak point as some wnoud have us to believe; on tho contrary it Is one of the strongest, if not the very strongest, evidenoe of the inspiration of that book. The only possible way of accounting for the accuracy of the account of the creation given in Genosis is to believe that the writer of that book was taught the truth by direct inspiration of God. How wonderfully men are sometimes carried away by the bold assertions of those who present us with figment instead of facts. For example, what has Darwin's "theory of evolution "'to do with true science ? It is a mere clever conjecture, a conjecture unsupported by evidence, a theory contradicted by all observed facts; by all history, by all experience? The time will come when the scientific world will abandon the guesses of Darwin and others, and adopt the only theory which explains everything—tho theory which was revealed by inspiration of God to that greatest of the prophets who wrote the book of Genesis ! No ! no! we will not give up the Bible ! but cling to its precious promises with the greater tenacity, because we know in our inward experience that the Almighty Creator of the universe is the God and father of our Lord Jesus Christ, and in Him our God. And if we compare the noble army of the great and good who have accepted and those who have rejected the scrip tures we are proud to stand side by side with the fore. most men of all generations who have been benefnc tors of their follows because they were animated by the principles of this divine bookl. And when we studyn the scriptures and mark the marvellous continuity of subject and thought and succession of revelation and agreement among the sacred writers upon the groat topics which concern man's highest welfare hero and his highest hopes hereafter, we feel that our feet are planted upon a rock, while we build our hopes for eternity upon the sure word of God. Again, when we find that the history (which has been proved to be true no a history) is indissolubly bound up with miracles and sueporluman agency-when we find that the doctrines are confirmed by the miracles and tihe miracles by the doctrines--we become persuaded that we have a most convincing proof that the doctrines came from Him who has all power in heaven and earth. Men of science pretend to raise objections against everything miraculous; but science itself has nothing to say on the subject--nothing to say against miracles ! The prophecies, too, which have been fulfilled, which are still being fulfilled, fully demonstrate that the Scriptures nro divinely inspired. Ilonmember that according to thise predictions of this book, Babylon has been "swept with the hbeorn of des truction" (Isaiah); that Nineveh has been made "a desolation" (Nahem); that Tyro has become "a place to dry nets in " (Ezekiel); that Egypt, " the basest of the kingdoms," has never been able to "exalt itself above the nations" (Ezekiel); that Jerusalemorn linas boon " trodden down of the Gon tiles," according to the prediction of our Lord (Luke). Again, if we look at the tendency and moral influence of the Scriptures we shall lind thant the Bible stands absolutely alone among all the books of all the ages; designed to elevate man as a creature of God, so that he may be a pattern of virtue and morality. The Bible teaches men uni formly to do justice, speak truth, show mercy, exercise mutual forgiveness, bridle appetites and passions, and load sober, honest, and godly lives I Above all it teaches man that he is a sinner, needing divine forgiveness, needing a now heart and a right spirit; needing the teaching and constant aid of the Holy Ghost, that he may bo led to rest only upon the Lord Jesus Christ. If men woere duly influenced by the divine word and spirit what a changed world this would be. But the Bible exhibits to us one character, which in a combination of all the moral exoellencies. The four Evangelists, without con cert, without thinking of it, have pourtrayed a perfect and faultless character which all tbhe philosophers, orators, and poets of the world had utterly failed to depict or to imagine,. They have given the history of one whose spirit, words, and actions were, in overy particular, what they ought to have been ; who never deviated from the most consummate wisdom, purity, benevolence, com passion, meekness, humility, courage, piety, zeal, or any other excellency. The perfection of the character of Jesus of Nazareth, the evident uuiun of the god head and the manhood in Him, challenges investi gation and sets all infidelity at defiance. We must therefore conclude either tlhat the four evangelists exceeded in genius and intellectual capacity all other writers that over lived, or that they were guided under divine inspiration in describing the words and works of Jesus to represent the minute features of a godlike character; for without effort or affectation they have performed that which liehad bafled all others who.lad ever attempted it. To sum up these unanswerable evidences of tbhe divinity of the Bible we have the final evidence of our own consciousness. " He that beliovoth hath tihe witness in himself." I know by evidence far too sublime for the world ling to understand, that when I place my faith in the Bible and bnild my hopes for eternity upon the reality of its truths I shall never be dismayed I (Chaers). The Rov. . Sellors seconded the resolution with great pletiure. He was sure they were all greatly indebted to his lordship for the views to which he had given expressiaon. (Ohlor.) He regretted they had not boon favoured in Goulburn with the most recent report of the parent soacity. The latest he had was for 1870; but in looking over that report he was deeply interested in marlking the work of the society in -different parts of the world, Reference was made in it to the distribution of the Scriptures amongst the Russian soldiers in the lato war with Turkey. Almost half.a-million of bibles were so circulated, and it was stated that amongst the prisoners taken from the Turkish army very few were unwilling to receive copies of the Scripture. It was pleasant to find that in countries which had boon closed against the circulation of the word of God, that word was now finding its way, for example, in Italy, Austria, and Russia. It was pleasant also to find that the word of God was being circulated in many languages. HII was particularly struck, in reading the account in the London papers of the placing of tihe obelisk on the Thames embanlkmnt, with the fact that amongst other things placed beneath it there was one passago of Scripthro in 217 languages-" God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believoth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life." And ha was thankful that this society had not merely one passage in no many languages to be buried beneath an obelisk, but the Scriptures to be circulated throughout the world. (Cbheor.) IIo was more and more convinced that in aidina this work we wore aiding in a work which is second to none in its importance. Wherever we find a Bible-loving people, wo ehall find a people ready to ieep the laws, loyal too he government, not secking by un. lawful means to redress their fancied or their real wrongs, but roespecting their laws, knowing that there is no power but in of God. He believed that if we could get the Scriptures universally circulated, Nihilism would have no supporters, Fenianism in its worst forms would be a thing of the past, and our glorious Queen might move from place to place in her dominions or go to the continent without any sense of alarm, knowing that she lived in the esteem and love of her people and shared in their daily prayers. (Loud cheeoors.) Ho rejoiced in the workm of this society. The missions of all sections of the church wore largely bonoefited by its working. IIo rejoiced i thebo oireulation of thie foripturoes on this ground, that we wore circulatinig God's message to tihe whole of his people, a message which tolls of a father's love and a father's mercy, and invites us in our wanuderings and our sinse to return to him, a message that opens to us a life beyond, a lifo higher and nobler, a meossageo which teolls s how we may booomc inhoritors of the kingdom of heaven; andl he felt that just asno we value and love and road it in the spirit of prayer, we slall become increasingly anxious tlhant othera nhould possess the Bibleo. loefeoroneo had bcan mnado by thie bhairman to Chlina boeilng open to thie gospel. This meant that four Ihunudred millions of peoplo woro accooeible to tihe gospel of Chrint, and that the agents of this society could carry to theom the words of otornal lifo. Hio rejoiced that China anud other lands weoro open, and that through thoso open doors God was souending his angels with the message of salvation. He was very much plannsed to be on the platform with one of the vioe.prosidonto of thie British and Foreign Biblo Socieioty. He referred to thie Dishlop of Goulburn. (Cheers.) Broad was thile aim of this society, which was ona of the noblest institutions of this century. Its aim was not confined to thie British empiro, buht it aimed beyond its bounds-it aimed at giving thbo word of God to all the nations of the world, It onlisted the sympathioe and tho liberal and hearty co.oporatilon of all who profess to love our Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity. It aimed at seooeking under divino direction that tile prayeor of the Psahlist should be answored, and that the whole earth slhoull be filled with lthe glory of God nud the kInowledvgo of God--a lnowledgo which will lead to otornal lihfo and otoernal glory. (Lond choors.) The rosolution was put and carried uaniumouily. Tho Von. Archdeacon Puddicombo moved the eccond resolutiton as follows: Tqhat ithis meeilnroJloleoa i th lieerosprly wilhiia slin tendd tihe iporitlona n oil tile Irltlsih nild 5omlu i llmiho ul oessry, elid earneoutly appeahl to Ohrlstlann of al d Ionomihationi u lor toheir crolle sllle IuSyIPathy alnll athuPortI, From thie first day of its exisluonco to thie presont timlo the -lritir h anl d Foreign Bible Society had oontinuously and inorcanigly prosperedl, and who should be surprised at thalnt ? Notwithlntalnding thile papal anotheomcs, notwithstandinhg tile indiffeoroenlce anld cooliosn andl timidity and cowardliness of thlose weho should have bon its beoat frloids, not. wlthlstaning the empty oncero of empty-lhonded nooptis, anud the rough handling of men of solonoo so called, notwithstanding the opposition anmd coool treatment it- colpiotours aon agnnts had had to moeet with-notwithstanding all those things it had prospered and would continue to prosper; for if the day should come when it will not prosper it will be the day when the Gospel shall have been preached to all nations, and the end will be near. It must prosper, for did they not remember the words of our Lord himself 1-" all power is given unto me in heaven atd on earth. Go ye then into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature." It prospers not only in outward manifestations, but in its fruits. The bible is the book which appeals to all with authority which none can gainsay. The society must prosper, and they thanked God for the prosperity which had attended its operations. (Cheers.) In the absence of any agent of the society and in the absence of a late report, he had thought it well to gather from reports of agents of the society some facts hbowing the operations during the year 1882. Hoe then proceeded to read extracts giving encouraging accounts of the work of the society in the Malay Peninsula and Northern India, in China, and among the Basuto tribes in South Africa. Considering these reports, he continued, they might well thank God for the prosperity which had attended the operations of the British and Foreign Bible Society. (Cheers.) His resolution had a few additional words. The society still needed sympathy and support; and it was only by increasing sympathy and support that its operations could be enlarged. The society had had losses. In the conflagration at Alorandria a library valued at £400 was destroyed, and together with the building of the society the loss was estimated at about £1000. There was a widespread field for the work of the society, and it was impossible to meet it without increased support. We needed therefore to give in creased support. Christians of all denominations were called upon to join, and this was one of those occasions at which members of every denomination might assist in spreading the word of God. Theor were times when it was good to examine and declare, and insist on their differences; but this was a time for union. They all believed that Christ is the Son of God and the Saviour of men, and that the bible is the inspired word of God; they all believed that wherever that word finds its way the kingdoms of this world become the kingdoms of our Lord and Christ. Let them therefore assist more heartily and try to work together in this groeat cause of spreading the word of God. (Cheers.) Mr. Brownhill seconded the resolution. He re. joiced in being the first layman to stand up that evening and testify as a Bcotchman his adherence to the cause. He was glad to see the bishop of Goulburn and his clergy present, and the Wesleyan clergyman, and should like to have seeon the Presby. torian minister, and the Primitive Methodist, and the Baptist if there was one. He rejoiced with tho speakers in the prosperity of this society. He drew a comparison between a country which he need not name, where the bible is road, and another country whore it is not. In the one they found peace and prosperity existing, and in the other a contrary state of things. If they could succeed in helping the British and Foreign Bible Society a little more in this remoto corner of the British dominions they would be doing good work. With regard to this auxiliary he would observe that they had heard the rosy side of the case. Let him have a growl. (Laughter.) . He did not think Goulburn had done very well during the last year. lHad it not boon for the ladies who had collected a respectable sum, they would have been nearly defunct. Meetings had been called over and over again, and if it had not been for the lay members they would not have got a quorum at all. It was all very well to attend meetings and listen to long speeches more or less eloquent, and to applaud; but what about the real work? The work lay with those who give. As treasurer he was so far pleased to snay they had kept their outgoings within their incomings, and had left a very small neat.egg. They had managed to send home this £100 to the parent society, but it was a narrow squeak to do it. They began the the year with £30 and ended it with £1; and they must boear in mind the annual mooeeting was two months lnto, it being fourteen mouths sines their last meeooting. Was £51 all that could be collected in this great town of Goulburn ? If so, he should any it was a very sorry state of things. But he thought a great deal better could be done. If the gentlemen who were in the habit of preaching about what should be done would put their shoulders to the wheel instead of telling others to do it, they would be able to give a much better account. Without the ladies this society would be very small. Ho hoped those gentlemen who had beeoon malking such a lot of money during the last twelve months would come forward with gold. He made apoint of giving according to his means and his heart. Let each give according to what. God has given in his good providence, and remember that tihe great charter of our country is the open bible. With that standard we need fear nothing; but be confident that our country, Great Britain and Ireland, will stand as long as God in His providence wills it to do. (Cheers.) The reso'ution was carried unanimously. A collection was thenou made, amounting to £5 3/3. Tihe Reov. G. M. D'Aroy.Irvine rose to move the next resolution. He first desired to shako hands with the 11ev. Mr. Sellers. Having done so, he proceeded to say, they know there had boon lately a paper war in Goulburn. [Tuo chairman here inter. posed, and requested tire speaker to confine himself to thle resolution. He was proceeding, but the chairman insisted that he should not pursue that line of remark. The rev. gentleman than weont on with his address. HI said the course he was pursuing was strictly a Christian course, and one entirely in keeping with the prinoiplo of that great soioety, whoso anniversary they wore celobrating ; that he had given his hand to Mr. Sellers, at the very outset of his remarks, was proof sufliciont that his object was peace, and that whatever he might afterwards say would be in the intorest of peace, and therefore in strict accordance with tlhe teaching of the Bible. Be felt constrained at the great anni. vorsary of the British and Foreign Bible Society, when the various spoaltors might be expected to be men deeply imbued with the spirit of the Bible-nmeti who were themnsolves under the power and influeneoo of those truths and maxims which the Bible ineuleated-to give his hand to Mr. Sellers in proof of his sincero desire to live at peace with him, as well as with all other men from whom, upon principle, lhe might differ upon leading points of doctrinoe and disaiplino. But where in the profano literature of the world, where owe do find such toeaching and motives as weighed with him in giving unroneervedly his hand to Mr. Sellers? Whore in the literature of Grooeo or omuo could we find such motives ? Thlomistooles, Miltindes, Aristides, Cimon, Pericles, Aristotle, Plato, were all great man to whom their country were deeply indebtod; but in not one of the utterances of any of thoso great moen could we mnoot with maximns and motives to sway men in the manrer indicatod. Sooratos certainly perceived that morality was sometlhing deeper somnetlinll altogether differsnt from expodioney. Stoarteso wan mean enough and brave enoughl to give expression to that memorable uttorance, "I will be trueo to my convictions although the whole world be against meo." But in not oeo of tihe speechesobo oi writings of any one of tlhose great men could we discover motives and maxims suolh as theso :-" Love as brothren, be pitiful, be courteous, not rendoriug ovil for evil, or railing for railing, but contrariwise blossing, lnowing that yo are thoreunto called, that yo should insorit a blessing;" " by love servo one another;" "lot brotherly love continue ;" "lovo the brotherhood;" " agreeoo with thinea adversary quickly, lwhileon thou art icl the way with 1him ; " "f yo bits and devour one auother, talo hood that ys be not sousumed one of auothor." Thllose wor maxims esseontially betonging to thie ethion of that wonderful book, thie oxtonalo and ciroulation of whichl throbahout the world,without note or iomment, it was the design and object of their groat noolety to ecuro. (Cbhors.) Tihe resolution hlo had to move provided that the thnulks of that mooeeting be given to thoseno Chrlatian ladies throughl whoseo exortions their auxiliary was enabled to trauselit to the Paruet Sooiety in London the sum of one hundrod poundn. What would the Christian Church do witlout its Christian women? What could any interest do without the ladies? As for himself, hle Ihad always felt that he could do little without them. Nobly did womeun oloeavo to our bloased Lord to tihe very last. It was not a Woman who sold the Lord of lifo and glory for thirty pices of silver. TIhey wore not women who foraookl the Lord in the garden and fled. It was not a woman who denied himl threoo timesn in tihe palace of the high priesoat. BIut they worowmonse whol wailed and hlmontod whelou then ludoomenor of the world wan led forth to be orluished, T.l'ey were women who ntood to the last by tie croson. Thley wlera wonlen who e es o firshet to visit the eopulollro--theo grave "whero the Lord lay." (0hoeoro.) To the Chtorch andcl to each memberi c thereof, tie bible was the moans of theloir receoiving all the bloessings they oejoyed, Is the seol rocgenerated ? It ins by "the wordl of Godi whloh liveth anld ahbideth for over." If we lhave spiritual lifo, it canme by thIe power of the Holy Ghost, through the wrltlon word. God aets througl his word, Tohelocomnotive runs upon rails, no God's spirit aets throught tie own word, They go ordinarily together. Is spiritual lif sustained? How? "Desire tho sincere milk of the word, that ye may grow thereby." How is the believer sanctified ? " Sanctify them through thy truth; thy word is truth." How shall I cleanse my way ? "By taking heed thereto according to thy word." What will comfort my soul in days of darkness? What but the "excoeeding great and precious pro. mines " contained in God's word. How shall I walk in the right way, thro' the midst of a dark world? "Thy word is a lamp to my feet, and a light to my path." The waves of scepticism may dash against this rock, but the rock stands from generation to generation. What the scepticism of the last century failed to do under Hume and Voltaire, the infidelity of the proeent day under its pigmy leaders, will also fail to do. None need tremble for the ark of God. We are on the right sido-the side of truth. God's word is our banner, Hits truth is our shield, and His omnipotence is our defence. If spite of every idver sary, we stand upon the word of our risen Lord, the incarnate God-" Heaven and earth shall pass away, but one jot or one title shall in no wine pass from the law till all be fulfilled." (Loud cheers). The rev. gentleman concluded by moving the resolution as follows : That the cordial thunt:o of this meeting es given to the lady coliccitor, the osliers, fnd the comsmitote ,of thi aunilatry and its various baichlls; and nhat the lolloesing entloecen tonn the oenmlitteo ost thi auxiliry for tile Iresent year:-OPtren, the RIighht Ieor. the t o Lorid Iip olf tolblrl ; presidentn, W. Devies Eng. J.P.; vic- epreoidsntsl , Yn. Archdeacon I'uddlcomho and A. 5. Belto Es, ; treannurer, J. rorrrehill lEq.; bible nsocretary, J. Caldwell Elq.; secretary, . F. olhckmoro Eq.; conmlttes, lessero. J. Caldwell, W. Conolty, T. Onresoli, WI. . Maybue. 0\. . tacksnier, D. . Mo Leood, F. It. L. lRseal, W. Sibeon, I. Sheoplherd, J. D. ly, J. J. Waddell, J. W. tor'be'y, . Youngman, aasnt te verloys I'ralstaut meinitorn of the city meambern o the socicty; seditore, Messrs,. C. 0., Alexander and W. MeutLn; ldepoeitary, hlr . W. o. Ixall. Mr. J. Caldwell eoconded the reeolution, which wasn then put and carried. On tha motion of the Bishop of Goutburn, seconded by ir. Blackmoro, a cordial vote of thanks woa pased by acclamation to the chairman, and the proceedings closed with the doxology and bonodio. tion. 