THÉ MERCURY. WEDNESDAY MORNING, OCT. 24, 1Í83. -«-. In ,tho Logislativo Council yesterday, , Tho Rural Municipalities Amondmont Bill was recommitted for tho insertion of a now section. Tho bill will bo read a third timo to-day. Tho iimoiidiiionts in tho Mining Company's Limited Liability Bill wore not insisted upon. Tho Minorai Lands Bill, Di awbacks Bill, Immigration Bill, and Appi opriation Bill, 1884, woro further consldorod in committco. Tho amondmenta will bo considered to-day. Tho Scab Act Appropriation Bill, Scab Bill, 1883, and Appropriation Bill, 1883 and 1884, woro passed through committee, and ordered to bo finally considered to-day. I Tho second reading of tho Now Norfolk Asylum Land Purchaso Bill was nogntivod, on division, by 8 votos to 5. At 5 minutos to 11 o'clock tho Council ad- journed till 3 o'clock this afternoon. In tho Assembly yesterday, "u Tho Dobonturo Bill, £200,000, and the' Firo Brigades Bil', waro read a third timo and passed. _ . " ~" The Californian Thistle Bill was am mdod materially in committco, and tho third read- ing; was fixed for to-day. ¡ In Committco of Supply, tho supplementary estimate's for 1881, 18S2, and 1883 woro ¡lightly amended and agrood to, and bills o givo effect to'tho samo introduced and passed through all their stages. | In Committco of Supply the following items woro agrood to, and embodiod in bills which wero passed through all their stages : Improvomonts to harbours, Rivor Morsoy, at Latrobe and Torquay, also harbours, Rivor Levon and Rivor Forth, £3,200 ; for improving tho moana of communication by stoamforry be- tween Hobart and tho districts on tho eastern sido of the rivor Dcrwont, £1,200; for a Parliamentary survoy for a railway frpm Deloraino wa Chudleigh to Molo Crook, £250; for a Parliamentary survoy fora railway from Bollorivo to Sorell, with branch Uno to Rich- mond, £250 ; for improving drainogo, town of Latrobe, £500; for'improvement'to Park stroot, Hobart, £400; forimprovomont of road from Hamilton-on-Forth to Barrington-road, £1,000; for rout of public offices, Davoy street, 1884, £100 ; and rent of mines offico, £64. | Tito House adjourned, at 11 p.m., till 4 o'clock to-day._ Tub 99th clause of the new Land Bill has attracted very little attention, bo far, considering the very important ooncesBion that itlmakos to the present lessees of pastoral lands. Its main provision jb as follows .-" Evory lessee of pastoral lands for grazing purposes shall bo entitled to, a renewal of such lease Upon the expiration thereof for a further period not exceeding' fourteen years, subject to tho provisions of this Act,'and to the payment of the'rei t hereinafter mentioned." The1 Bill, as it originally stood, provided that the runs should be divided into three classes, and that the lessees on the recowal of their leases should pay' an increase of ten por cent, for first class land, of five, per cent, for second class land, and of two and a-half per cent, for third-class land The select commit mittee, to which the bill was referred, 'revised the measure, and altered it in 'several particulars, and, nmongst others, made the increased rent to bo paid in ovory case ten per cent, on the old amount. 'This provision has been adopted by the 1 Assembly, although it was understood that several members intended to opposo it very strongly, and it now remains to be Been whether this principle will bo finally 'adopted when the measure Ms again 'considered. Our readers will have , observed, > no doubt, that letters have appeared in our columns,' at various times of late, in which this concession to ,tho " lessees t was condemned, in very strong terms,> as af robbery of tho people, and as a method of handing over the pastoral lands of the Colony to a numbor of monopolists. We need not say that we do not endorse all that our correspondents have written. f There are persons who havo, à sort ' of traditional hatrod of squatters, somewhat on the principle of the judge who sen- tenced a man to bo' hung' because he did not like his looks.' There are fiery spirits hero as elsewhere, who blaze up at the moro' suggestion of oven bare justice being done to the pastoral tenants, whom they regard as monopolists who have had their day, and who mado a very respectable quantity of hay whilst tho legislative Bun was severely shining upon < them. Wo Bhall not, of course, deal with this important question in any such fashion.. . The desire of all ; sober thinking persons ' must bo, to do justice alike to the lessees and to tho Colony, and wo need not, wo think, adduce any argument to prove that the Colony is entitled to get as much as it can for the occupation of tho Crown lands , Now, we fail to see that a case has been mado out for granting special remissions i to tho lossoea of pastoral lands. They havo < had their day, and it has not been a bad- one.-For- many years -they-havo occupied tho pastoral lands of the Colony at a very low rental, and wo may fairly presume that they have done well out of the occupation. So far as their relations to the people generally aro concerned, they stand in the po on of lessees who have to make a, new_ Jbargain with their landlord. If circumstanoes havo made .the land more valuable than it - -was, surely the general revenue is entitled to' receive tho benefit.' It is admitted by, tho Ministry that an all-round incroaso^of ten j per cont. is not unreasonable, but how is ' the public to know that this is sufficient'], What is more.Jiow is it to bo ascertained that a proper increase is mado in' each instance ? In some instances ten per cent. ' may be a great deal too much, whilst in others it may be far below, what the present value c f the land may be. In all private dealings the proper, value - tho actual market value is ascertained by putting the leases up to auction, when each leasehold stands upon| its own merits, and the rent obtained ¡b precisely what the,land is supposed by those who seek to occupy it to be worth. This is the method adopted in all business transactions. Tho leases of new runs, whether in a pastoral area or not, are to bo put tip to auction, and to bo knocked down to the highest bidder, and, as far as we are able to judge, thoro is no sufficient reason why this 'should > not be the course pursued in regard to all runs. The only plea that we havo hoard urged on behalf of the old lessees is, that they have made certain improvements on their runs, and that it would not be fair to allow other persons to step in and reap the advantage! of thom. The reply to this is, of course, th»t they made the improvements for their own'bonefit ; and have reaped tho benefit of them, and tint express provi- sion is made that they »nail bo paid for fencing, buildings, and permanent im- provements, and if the provisions in this respect are not sufficient, not the least ob- jection will bo mado to making thom so large as to cover all possible Contingencies. Wo are sure that there is not tho least de- sire to behave harshly or unfairly to the pastoral tonants in any way, but while thoy are guaranteed what they are fairly entitled to, it is but right that tho country should also get what is justly its own. It is urged, also, that thoso runs may bo rosumod by the Government, that thoy aro not closad against selectors or minors, all of which does not soom to us to bo much to tho purpose. The question is not as to what are tho conditions of tho tonuro, not astowhatthoGovornmont pro- poses to soil, but as to whether it is goingto soil what it liaB to offer in the proper manner, and so as to got the full value for it. So far, there seems to be no giod reason why the old losseea should bo treated differently from the now. They have hada vory favourable conditions,for many'years, which is'a, reason why they should be propared to submit tplcompotition now, not.'an' argument for ^»'.practical monopoly. In any caso, they must be in a bettor position than outsido competitors. They know the preciso value of their runs, thoy know how they can bo worked to the best advantage, and above all, they aro entitled to bo compensated for bucIi permanent improvements as they may havo made. Thm fact alone ia a heavy handicap on all outside'competitors, as the improvements are always »subject of doubt and difficulty, whtsreag the old lessee« havo nothing to pay for suoh things, and can afford to bid more freoly on that account. All tnattors considered, it appears to us that tho only satisfactory way in which to deal willi those leases is, to test their value at public auction, when the country will be satisfied that it has gota fair rental for its estate, and wo shall hear no moro about the inclination towards monoply, of which Ministers have been accused. We publish in another part of tho paper, for the benefit of those who aro able to enjoy a little quiet bit of fun, an article from the Sydney Morling Herald, on tho railway question in this Colony. Tho facility in blundering which tho article displays is so Btiiking that wo deem it worthy of further notice, although some of its beauties wcro dwelt upon by a correspondent yesterday. Where tho writor could havo boon when he wrote suoh a jumble ofjmiatakes-of wrong inferences from imaginary facts-we cannot grasp ; nor what [the editor could have been about when ho allowed such an articlo to appear, Tho extraordinary part of the business is, that the article is in flagrant contradiction of the ne,ws that appearocl in the 'Herald Iteolf. " The telegraphic accounts which our contemporary published of the proceedings at Launceston, of the, meeting at Hobart, and of tho action of tho Council in connection with the billa, and the alleged intimidation of honourable mem- bers, woro all substantially" correct. The telegraphic messages give a fair view of ¡what had taken place,'and yet a sagacious' writer, anxious, apparently, to show what a , very superior sort of people they are in Now, 'South Wales, actually indites a homily in ¡which blunder is piled on blunder, and ono mistako seems altogether monstrous',' until i another comes "to keep it company. Tho j articlo sets out by informing tho readers1 of Jtho Herald that " the'pèoplo of Hobart and Launceston havo brought much disgrace,on I the colony of Tasmania," Wo aro sorry to hear,, it,: but » when wo find that I Mr. Grubb, like Sir Boyle Roche's bird, is 1 supposed to bo capable of_belng in two'place» ! at on'co, our grief is mitigated, and we begin I to suspect.that wo aro dealing with a dun 1 derhead instead of a mentor. <. For,'we lind it asserted that Mr. Grubb was- hunted and hooted '"by a mob composed for the' most part ' of respcctablo ' people of tho capital, pelted with rotten eggs and variousffilthy missiles, and ultimately lumps of road metal, a blow from one of which might havo pro- duced death." How tho modest and quiet peoplo of Now South Wales must havo bcon shockdd at'such a picture of our wickedness 1 Especially as all the timo that Mr. Grubb was boing thus assailed in " the capital " he was being treated ' quito as dcspitefully at Launceston, and thuB thoro was a double outtagc on a Jdoublo Grubb. Barham's comical description of Miss Ponelopo Bird rising from her grave, and Attempting to lick Tho ghost of n dog with tho ghost of a stick, is sober sense to this. But our Sydney critic did not moan to bo comic ; far otherwise.' 'Ho feels that be is called upon to preach, and preach ho does, in a fashion-that oxcitos at least our wonder, if it fails altogether to arouse our admiration. For, in tho'mattcr of blundering ho roaches a degree of posi- tivo sublimity. Wo can only conoludo that ho does not- road the paper for which ho writes, which is not altogether surprising, if he is to bo taken as a specimen .of tho contributors to it, for ho docs not scorn to know tho most simplo facts that wero ,most plainly stated. Ho tells us that tho House carried Mr. Grubb's motion by a majority of seven, not knowing, although it 'nos stated in tho Herald, that the majority was but one. Then wo learn that "tho various members of tho majority" woro hunted, although a little beforo it is mado to appear that only Mr. Grubb was' attacked. After this, wo neod not troubla ourselves about the good advioo given. The writor is pleased to assume that Mr. Grubb's allegations about want of infor- mation wero correct, whereas wo, hero, happen to know that they woio what a Victorian member once called "gilded devices to cover ulterior dosigus." Thore is only ono hypothesis which satisfies us ns to tho causo of these mis statements and blunders. Wo Büspect that thâ writer has been inspired by Mr. McGregor. Tho perverso views which the wiitcr takes of plain facts aro so like tho distorted idbaB of tho recalcitrant'Member for Hobart, that there must have been inter-1 communication, or a mysterious sympathy betwdon tho two. ' Like seeks Uko,' and it does appear as if tho porversity in Hobart1 had infected those staid contributors to tho columns of tho Herald, who woro nover yet, suspected of indulging in fun of any kind, , The Cate Clear.-Wo lost night ro coived the following telegram which, pro- ' ' snmably, has roforonco to tho steamor Capo Clear, bound to this port with immi- grants : - "Cape Otway, October 23. A steamer, namo not mado out, from Plymouth, bound ito Hobart, passed hero' at r3 pin. to-day, and desired to bo reportedi'' The steamer may be there-j foro looked for to-morrow. [A later mes sago received from our Melbourne agonte states definitely that tho steamer signalled I was the Capo Clear.] European Cable Communication.-The cable is still interrupted between Port Dar- win and Java, and thus no European mes- sages are to hand. t I Inward English Mails.-Tho R.M.S. Ballarat is reported as having loft Colombo on the 13th inst. Sho is due at Albany to- day by time table. Country. Correspondent's. - Wo have again to make tho oft reiterated request that our country correspondents will not writo thoir communications cn both sides of tho papor they use, pliait persistence in this unnecessary practice often leads to muoh of their manuscript being rejected. Oi'EN Air Concerts.-Mr. T. J. Haywood writes :-" To avoid complications, will you kindly correct a mistako wluch occurred in V he Mercury report, re Munlqipal Council, hold on Monday, 22nd inst. ¡, My namo was mentioned as the lion, secretary Rechabite Band, whcicas it should havo been S. T. Haywood. I havo no connection with thom." Battery Point Windmill.- A correspon- dent writes:- "A few days since I saw a local in your columns about the demolishing of the Battery Point Windmill, in which it was suggested that the Government should purchase it. A thought struck me that it would make an excellent flag-tower, as Mr. McGregor's palatial residence completely hides the signal-staff from the view of the citizens, rendering it useless to the majority of the residents of Hobart. Some time ago, I believe, it was Intended to elevate the said staff, but, as in everything else in this city, action is tardy. Now the summer is coming on, it is a great boon to the citizens to know when a steamer enters the river, which is indicated by dip- ping the flag; but, when dipped, it is hidden from our view, being behind Mr. McGregor's house. I hope the Marine Board will move in the matter. The windmill is now in course of demolition, but prompt action might still be of use." Moncure Conway.-A full-length por. trait of this gontloman Is on view at Messrs. J. Walah and Sous', , I City Police Court.-Before Mr. G. A. Kemp, Acting Police Magistrate, and Mr F. W. Mitchell, J.P. In this court, yester- day, Margaret Campbell and Janet Cochrane, two inebriates, were each fined 5s. Joseph ' Jaokson was ordored to pay a fine of 21s. for making uso of obscene language in Campbell.' street John Flack, charged by John Martin with assaulting Mm in tho oity, waa's«¡st< liberty. In the 'cases Pedder v.( William Flack and Ellen Barnes, for using obscene .lauguago, the defendants wcro each-sen.-., tenccd to pay a fino of Sis. mid costs, with the alternativo of ouo month's imprisonment. James Baker, for a breach of tho Ciossiugs Act, was fiued 5s. and costs ; and George Mcrcdyth, on a similar clinrgo, was dis- missed. A fino of 10s, was imposed upon John Harris for disturbing tho peace in Argyle street. David Battles, ancstcd in Campbell street on n charco of being of un- sound mind, was discharged, upon the appli- cation of Superintendent Pedder. Inquest.-Yesterday morning, an inquest' waa held in the Bird-in-Hand Hotel, before the coroner, Mr. Forstor, and a jury of seven, on tho body of Miohael Hackett, who died in the, gaol on Sunday last. From the ovidenco of Dr. Turnlcy and anothci witness, it was shown that the deceased, who was 59 yoars of ago, had been sufiering from chronic bronchitis for several montliB, and was ad- mitted to tho hospital a week or two ago, when, despite all caro and attention, lie died on Sunday. Tho jury returned a verdict of death from natural causes. Samuel Croumbie-Brown.-In reference to the recent departuro of this person from Hobart, it ia understood that lie will not re- turn so soon as.was anticipated, certain pre- liminaries being necessary. Ho is now under arrest in Melbourno, tho polico meantime awaiting the arrival of the necessary docu- ments to proceed with tho charge. It is probable that Sub-inspector Kemp will be sont over in a few days to attend to the case, and bring back tho absentco, should. tho Melbourne Bench decido on remanding him to Tasmania. St. David's.-Wo are requostcd to call, attention to tho meeting of St. David's parishioners and congrogation this evening, at 8 o'clock, at tho schoolroom Harrington-, street, to consider a matter,of importance in connection with tho incumbency of the parish. The churchwardens hopo that both Boxes,of tho congregation will be_numcrously rcp're-. sen ted. ' Wsujome to the.Bishop.-A wolcomo tea meeting to Bishop Sandford will be given to-morrow night, in the Bellerive In- ( Btituto^commonciug at 7 o'clock. ' Youno Men's'Christian Association. Tho usual business meeting of members of ¡ tho above association took placo at tho ¡rooms, Liverpool street, after which an interesting debato took place on phrenology, ¡Mr. N. Oldham .assuming the affirmative, and 'Mr. P. Hutchinson the negative, in argu- ment on the subject. > . HiiiERNrAN Sooietv.-Tlie eighth anni- versary of this sooiety will bo colbbrated this evening by a concort and ball in the Tas- manian Hall. .Tho conceit, which will be given by the Hobart Minstrels, will bo under tho patronago of tho "Rev. Dr. Murphy, Bishop of Hobart ' The dance as- sembly, which will tako place aftcf the close of tho concert, will' commence about IO 'o'clock. ' - .i I Benefit Concert.-Tho concort arranged ¡by the Artillery Band in aid of Mr.O. C. ! Williamson, lins been postponed in conso ¡ quence of the death of tho person for whoso j benoflt-itr was- intended" Mr. "Williamson died1 yesterday morning. Vi The ' concert, which was to'havo taken placo tb- night, will bo given on Friday, Ifor tho benefit of tho widow. It, is, to ,be hoped that tho enter- tainment will bo woll attended. , , , SoUtÍieun Hunt Club Races. - Tlioso races tako placo to-inorrow on tho Dennis- toun courso, Bothwell. Although the Holds do not promise to bo largo, an omoyablo day's sport is oxpoctcd- from tho following pro- gramme -.-Hunt ClubCup, a silvor trophy of tlie vaKib of 20 sovsl, with 30sovs. added, sweep to go to second llorac^ about 2J miles. Hurdle Race (handicap), of 30. so vs., about 2 miles. .(Iiadios' Purse (welter handicap) of 30 aova., "-about . 1J miles. _ Dennistoun Steeplechase, "of ,50 sovs., second horse 10 so va., about 2 miles, Donmark is fancied for the Hunt Club Cup, and Kanaka for tho Hurdlo Race. West r Coast is resened for tho Ladies' " Purse, in which event ho is thought -"likely to '- givo a good account of himself. A good contest is anticipated for the ^Dennistoun Steeplechase, with such well-known fencors as Kanaka, Forester, Denmark, and Cup Day. Public form and weight favour tho chances of the Campbell Town Steeplechase winner, Forester, who, hówovor, may find a dangerous antagonist in Cup Day. The first ovent is timed for 1*15 p.m., and ac- cording to tho official racebook (an ampio supply of which has bcon printed, and may be had,'on,tho course) there is to bo an hour's interval between' oach race, Rey- nolds' coach meets the local train at Brighton this ovenhig, and will start from Green Ponds for Bothwell carly_ on race morning. Should tho wcathor prove favourable, tho local residents, and thoso of the surrounding districts aio expected to muster largely. .Norfolk Bay Regatta.-A special com- mittee mooting was held at Tasman's Hotel, ?Norfolk Bay, on Monday last, 22nd inst., Mr. Worlcdgo being in tho chair. Tho minutes of the previous mooting wore read and confirmed. Tho secretary read answers to correspondence, namely, from Captain Copping and Mr. H. Calder, respectively, accepting the post of umpiro nnd handi capper ; also from Mr. Hodgson, tho mom hor for the distriot, according his patronage. Mr. J. Blackwood was appointed judge, in lieu of Mr. Bayes. A programme of the races was drawn up for publication. Messrs. Kennedy! Bachelor, and Woolley,'wore ap- pointed Ground Committee to act: on tho regatta day. A vote of thanks was accorded to,tho chairman and secrotary, and tiio meet- ing waa adjourned till Monday, November 5. Oatlands.-A correspondent Twr¿tos to say that Sunday trading is very 'prevalent at Oatlands, and that he thinks that the authorities ought to tako somo stops "to re- press it. 'He states that the public-houses aro lighted up, and that tho clinking of bottles and glasses can bo plainly heard. Tire Recent Rains.-Tho heavy rains which fell in Hobart and neighbourhood on Sunday last wcro not participated in.'to the samo extent in the Sorell district. The crops there aro not looking at all satisfac- tory, and if additional' rain does riot fall within tho next fortnight tho result will bo disastrous. In the Upper Carlton district, however, the fall was heavier oven than in Hobart. Rain foil without cessation during Saturday aftornoon and nearly tho whole of Sunday, and tho waqts of the farmers in that locality aro thereby woll supplied for the present. The Campbell-strbet Bridge,- This old and_ well-known structure has now disap- peared beforo the march of improvement, For somo days past men have been busily at work disiodging the brickwork, and the last, portion of tho archway was removed yester- day, and space is now being cleared for erec- tion of the new stone structure, Members of the Tasmanian Operative Lodge, 345, I.O., will meet this evening, at 7'30. ? The programme of the Norfolk Bay regatta Is this day advertised. > A meeting of thqse desirous of forming a Trades* Union will be held at the Working Men's Club on Friday evening nett The annual rifle competition for Government prizes, by Tasmanian Volunteers, will take place to-morrow,' 25th1, Friday, 20th, and Satur- day, 27th, inst , Candidates for admission to the'local matri- culation examinations, to be held in December I next,, moat «end, in their applications to the Tasmanian Council of Education, on or before i the 27th inst. , ' ' I A meeting will be held at 'Bagdad Indepen-. dent Church, on Friday next, concerning the i Readlng-ropm Fund. A meeting will Also be. held at Bagdad, on Saturday, to arrange; cricketing matters for the season, , ' 