THE INTERCOLONIAL GLOVE COUNT. The affair thus designated has been made the subject of a lengthy report in the columns of many of our contemporaries. We have refrained from publishing details of a public exhibition which was a disgrace to the colony which it was permitted. In this opinion we are upheld by at least one Sydney journal. The Echo, of May 20, writes thus on the subject : "Sydney was disgraced yesterday by an exhibition of brutality. It had been agreed that two men should meet and fight for some hundreds of pounds, should thump and maul each other till flesh and blood were knocked into a condition of pulpy quiescence, and some few thousands laid upon the event were lost or won. There is a man in Sydney named Larry Foley, a generous inoffensive creature enough, but with the British bull dog in his soul, a man who keeps a public-house, and keeps it respectably, encouraging no blackguardism or brazen vice, giving a few lessons in boxing to junior members of the > aristocracy, and forming to strangers a portion of the show of Sydney. And there was another man in Melbourne named Miller, a wrestler, a gun it a quiet man also, and useful for the training of youth in manly exercises. And between these two came others not to be named without difficulty men who neither dig to beg, but who contrive to cost a net about some of the noblest brutes and men, and, baring caught, use them as bait for the netting of fools with their gold. It is scarcely possible to conceive a meaner set than these middle men who use animals and rob fools. They have no chivalry, no more real industry than vagrants there is infection in their very finger-tips ; they touch nothing but it is de- filed. . These men called bookmakers came between the men we have described and stirred up bad blood. They persuaded each that the other was his enemy. They said to the one, " That other is but a puny thing ; you may crush him in a single grip." They said to the other, " That giant is all blubber and boast ; you may hammer him to jelly if you will." But the one was content in his orderly public-house ; the other in his athletic school and it took much finessing to bring them together. At length, however, stakes were placed, and wagers mode. The Inspector-General of Police declared that certain gloves shown to him were reasonable instruments of sport, time and place were fixed, and the crowd gathered. And mark now the precious irony of that palaver which declares the ring to be the natural school of hardy and worthy man- hood-which says boys who do not fight can never be men, and weaklings can only be wrought into presentable shape by much hard hitting. It has been said the talent gathered. The word is vague. We will endeavour to amplify it. Every bookmaker who could buy a seat and fight his way to a place was within the hall, and with them some few "swells" who held themselves so armour-plated by experience that the touch of the grossest pitch could not defile them. And without those who could not buy or gain a place within-at one time almost 2,000 of them. No weakling was there, man or youth ; no single human being with too much womanly sentiment, too little stalwart manhood; the lesson was not of endurance and fortitude and chivalry to men lacking those essentials, but of trickery to knaves, of callous hard-heartedness to men in whom those propensities were already too strongly developed. It was not the dealing of the bread of manly life to worthy milksop, but the pitching of good fat blood pieces to wolf cubs and tigers. The tendency of the show was to file teeth, not to strengthen backbones to sharpen talons, not to harden honest human hands. It began with a silly affectation of fair play with painful ostentation of good-will. One backer screened his savagedom, and another his greed. It was deemed possible to drink the blood and pocket the gold, and still keep the scales upon the public eyes ; but, long ere the pitiful close, packed within those narrow, walls were seen a crowd, the great majority of whom were content to look on manslaughter to save their blood thirst or to gather gold. We have no desire or design to speak of the miserable battle or its shameful close. The gloves were a mere farce. It matters not whether men may be married to death with chamois-leather or naked human skin and being of the bull- dog blood, the man Foley would have been married to death by those blood-soaked, tearing sponges before he would have cried " enough 1'" But his disgusted backers could have gained nothing by his death, and thus they spared his life. It ended in a row, a riot, a "barney ; '' and so fearful was the referee of the natural savagedom which blood and loss had quickened and fired, that he dare not give his decision in the hall at the time, or in the city through the evening. It was not declared till 10 o'clock this morning. I And, now,,«'ill the scandal be repeated? Can authority have any excuse of ignorance or necessity or advisability in the future ? It was deemed well to let this combat go on and the result is, loss, utter unqualified loss, all finer feeling outraged, all chivalry bespattered with mud and filth, tigerish instincts liberally fed, coarsest brutality encouraged, and timid sensitiveness sickened; degradation everywhere, and the fathers of the deeper plot rattling their sovereigns and chuckling in their evil souls. They have lost no gold if they have gained no gold, and they are content as polecats gorged with some living prey. We can only deplore our general loss now that the thing is ended at surely sound reason prompts the question, " Will it ever be repeated ?" Mas. ANDREWS. has on Road s complete stock of Madame Weigel's Paper Patterns of Dresses, Mantles!, etc The patterns are cut in six different sizes for Ladies and Children, accompanied by directions and Illustrations for making up Sold at prices rang- ing from 6d. to 2s. Newest styles monthly in Weigel's Journal of Fashions. Price 7d or 6s. per annum. Catalogue of' Fashions, 34. Orders by letters attended to OB receipt of price and postage. Sole Agent in Hobart, Mrs ANDREWS, 73, Liverpool .treet.-fAd»t.] 28-4-83, ANSWER TO MANY CORRESPONDENTS -in reply to numerous enquiries from our readers, concerning the wonderful qualities of the Great German Remedy, St Jacobs 0, mentioned In our last issue, we would inform them that the article may be obtained from our retail druggists, or by their aid Ask for St Jacobs Oil, and the dealer does not keep it in stock, he will be able to procure it in a few days from the wholesale houses. We understand there is editing an immense demand for the remedy, which is not so very surprising, when it is considered what it is daily accomplishing in the way of relief and lures, borders ing, in some instances, on the miraculous Sold by all Chemists 7-2-81 Gnom*_An attempt is being made in the old country to revive the belief in visitants from another world, and many are the wonderful stories that the some of the journals. The sceptical mind is, however inclined to adopt scrooge's remark of Marley's ghost " How do I know that you are not a bit of undigested bread t" for, of all the ghost producers, a bit of " heavy " bread it the most potent. It is a wonder, therefore, that people do not adopt the surest speak against ghosts by using Borwick's Gold Medal Baking Powder in making bread for although It won't " raise ghosts," It will raise bread In the most admirable fashion. Every wise storekeeper has It by him, and every good housewife buys it. 21-0 39. There has never been produced a tonic or stimulant to equal WoLra'a SruKarrs: it has maintained its hold upon popular patronage, aird stands alone like the one Alexander. 