?THE COEONATION OF THE CZAE. The magnificent ceremonies attendant upon the coronation of the Emperor and Empress of all the Eussias commenced at seven in the morning of May 27, and the inaugura tion was announced by the ringing of hundreds of bells and by the thunder of artillery. Even at that early hour- the af.vnnf.a Trrnvo -Mi-wrm nrorl ttti+.Ii T\onT\IO 'Vl.Q1r.nVfl from abroad, and from other parts of the empire crowding the residents .and all striving to find eligible places from which to view the procession and such parts of the ceremony as the particularly favoured might be able to witness. During the entire night there was unusual activity on the streets, for not only were people there whose anxiety concerning the coronation kept them awake, but strong guards of soldiers patrolled all parts of the city, giving the streets a very martial appearance. Lrreau bodies of soldiers shortly before six were stationed along the route of the procession, some four miles in length, and occupied the streets on either side, keeping the people on the walks. All unreserved spaces on ' the streets were speedily filled by the eager sightseers, while the windows, doorways, and housetops were let out at fabulous prices to visitors. Those dignitaries of the realm who were to take part in the actual ceremony assembled according to the pre arranged programme at the cathedral of the Holy Assumption within the walls of the Kremlin. These functionaries entered the magnificent building at 7.30 a.m., and about eight there followed in order the princes of foreign governments, the nobility of Eussia and other states of Europe, and foreign countries residing in Eussia. When the white walls of the wondrous place, the iuclosure of the Kremlin, inclosed all of the crowd that could be admitted, the choir of boys chanted the Tfc Deimi, and amid profound silence outside the church as well as in it, the clergy, accompanied by acolytes bearing the cross and e,wer of holy water, proceeded to receive thje Czarovitch. This scion of royalty, who was in the midst of a brilliant cortege, took his place at the right hand of the throne. When the imperial procession started it was made known to those inside the cathedral by the renewed ringing of bells, by sonorous music from scores of bands, and by the shouts of those outside. As the royal pair appeared at the doors of tho palace the immense multitude immediately uncovered their heads and burst into loud acclamations ; even women were there, and tho enthusiasm was spontaneous and hearty. At the head of the royal procession, which now entered the Kremlin, was the master of ceremonies, flanked by heralds richly clad and mounted upon pure white horses. The procession was of immense length and comprised deputies from the Asiatic States of the empire, students of the university, the clergy and judges, the nobility and prefects from every section of the empire. When its front ranks reached the door of the palace it was met by the Emperor, wearing a white uniform of a colonel of the Imperial Guard, and the Empress, dressed in the Eussian national costume of black velvet, richly embroidered witli diamonds and girdled with a belt of precious stones. The Empress leaned on the arm of her royal consort. The pair placed themselves uvnvvLiu a. canopy, xicuiy 'vviougiic in sms and gold, aud borne by thirty-two generals of high military rank. They then took their place near the head of the procession, being directly after the regalia. At this inoment the entire body of clergy emerged from the cathedral in order to meet the regalia, which they publicly'1 sprinkled with holy water and perfumed with incense. Upon entering the portals of the cathedral, the Emperor and Empress were received by tho metropolitan of Moscow, the metro politans of Novgorod and Kieff, who pre sented to them the cross to be kissed, and sprinkled them with holy water, first the Emperor and then the Empress. Before the sacred images, which flanked the doors of the cathedral, they knelt and bowed their heads, after which they were conducted to the ancient thrones of ivory and silver. .n.it;.\uruuui. uuuupieu mu msiunuiu tmone oi the Czar Vladimir Mouomagcre, while the Empress was seated in an arm-chair, gilded and ornamented with jewels. The thrones were placed on a dais erected between the two middle columns of the cathedral, and over the dais was a canopy of scarlet velvet, suspended from the arched roof, embroidered with gold and lined with silver brocade, which was worked with the arms of Eussia and all her dependencies in the most ingenious manner. In front of the thrones were two tables covered with gold cloth, upon which were placed the crowns, orb, and sceptre. None but foreign princes were accommodated with seats. The Eus sian priuces and dignitaries stood during the entire ceremony. According to the custom of the Greek Church, the dignitaries of the realm, who carried the standard and seals of the empire, took their stand upon the steps of the dais. After their Majesties had been seated, the metropolitan of Nov gorod asked the Emperor in a loud aud distinct tone of voice,— 'Are you a true believer ?' The Emperor, falling on his kuees, read in reply and in a clear voice the Lord's prayer and the Apostles' Creed of the Greek Church. The metropolitan responding, said : ' May the Grace of the Holy Ghost remain with -thee,' and descended from the dais. The customary summons was then three times repeated by the bishop. After reading selections from the Gospel, the Metropolitans of Novgorod and Kieff again ascended the dais and invested the' Emperor with tho imperial mantle of ermine, the Metropolitan of Moscow saying at the same time, ' Cover and protect thy people as this robe protects and covers thee.' The Emperor responded, 'I will, I will, I will, God helping.' The Metro politan of Novgorod, crossing his hands on the head of the Emperor, then invoked the benediction of Almighty God upon him aud his roign, and delivered to Alexander III the crown of Eussia, which ho placed on his own head, and assuinmsr the sceutre and orb ho took his seat upon the throne. Ho then returned the insignia of his title to tho dignitaries appointed to receive them, and called the Empress, who knelt before him. He touched her head lightly with his crown, and then formally crowned her with her own crown. The expression and atti tude of the Empress as she knelt was one of sympathy with her royal husband, and touched deeply the audience. The Czar preserved throughout a grave and decorous dignity and nobleness of demeanour which also provoked the admiration of all. After the Empress had been duly invested with the Imperial mantle, aud their Majesties were both seated on their thrones, the arch deacon intoned the Imperial titles and sang Domine Salvum fac Imperatorem, which was taken up aud thrice repeated by the 1/J-1VSJ.X ? JL/liUVjUlV IU-1JO VJH.L \J \JX UUO \J \\. JL V-» ULX \J IS J was finished the bells in all the churches of Moscow rang out in chorus, a salute of 101 guns was fired, and inside the cathedral the members of the Imperial family tendered their congratulations to their Majesties. The Emperor then knelt and recited a prayer, at the end of which the clergy and all knelt before the Emperor. The Bishop of Moscow said aloud, in behalf of the nation, a fervent prayer for the happiness of their Majesties. Shouts of 'Long live the Emperor' then rent the cathedral, and were taken up by the thousands outside and carried from mouth to mouth until that part of the multitude which was unable to get inside even the ample acreage of the Kremlin, caught the sound, which waved in a huge volume of human gratulatiou to the remotest parts of the city, when it was speedily made known to all the world that another Czar of the Eussias had been crowned. The cathedral choir then sang a Te Deurn, after which the Emperor ungirted his sword, and, accompanied by the Em press and numerous dignitaries, proceeded to the gate of the sanctuary. There the Metropolitan of Novgorod anointed the Emperor's forehead, eyes, nostrils, and lips, ears and breast, and hands, at the same time exclaiming, ' Behold the seal of the Holy Ghost. May it keep thee ever holy.' The empress was anointed only on her fore head. Both partook of the sacrament, and then left the cathedral, wearing their crowns aud mantles, the Emperor also bearing the sceptre and orb. After praying in the cathedral of Michael the Archangel, their Majesties returned to the palace, escorted by the procession, which presented even a more splendid sight than that which escorted them to the cathedral, being now augmented by the gorgeous state carriage of the Imperial family. Banners waved from all points in the Kremlin, and the whole route of the procession fairly glowed with bright draperies and hangings. The Emperor re-entered the palace by the cele brated red staircase, from whence the laws were anciently promulgated. There he turned and saluted the psople, who immedi ately uncovered their heads, cheering en thusiastically and blessing the Czar. The Imperial banquet began, at 3.30 p.m., in the hall called Granovittaia Palata. This hall was especially restored for the occasion, and was splendidly decorated with cloth of gold. The Emperor and Empress, wearing their crowns, sat at separate tables on thrones of unequal height. Their Majesties.: were served by distinguished nobles, acting as cup-bearers, carvers, &c.; The first toast was 'His Majesty the Emperor,' which was followed by a salute of sixty- one gun3. Next was ' Her Majesty the Empress,' followed by fifty-one guns; the third was ' The Imperial Household,' ioiioweci oy tnirty-one guns, and the iourth was ' The Clergy and all Faithful Subjects,' followed by twenty-one guns. The'foreign princes and diplomats present stood during the first course, and afterwards, in accord ance with ancient custom, withdrew to a separate repast,. The weather was fine throughout the day, and everything passed off successfully. The cost of the coronation is estimated at £2,000,000, which will be covered by an issue of treasury bills. Only thirteen news paper correspondents were allowed inside the cathedral during the ceremony — six Eussiau, seven foreign, the latter including one English and one American correspon dent. An academy professor and twelve artists have been appointed to make a com plete album of the events of the coronation. The Kremlin-square was so densely packed it would have been impossible for any mis creant to have extricated his arms should he have intended to use them against the Czar. The Times correspondent, the only Eng lish newspaper represented in the cathedral, says the ceremony was ' so grand and im posing that my pen can give only a dim and imperfect impression of the event.' The illumination at night was magnificent, and the city looked one mass of variegated fires. Drtjnkexness in Fkance. — They appear to be more strict in Franco than we are, so far as drunkenness is concerned. The following is the penalty inflicted : — ' Who soever has been punished twice for public intoxication will be declared by a third con demnation incapable of exercising the following rights: — 1. Vote' and election. 2\. Eligibility for parliament. 3. He can not be called on or named for tho function of juror, or any other public functions, or to employ under government, or exercise these fnnctions or employment. 4. He is prohibited from carrying arms for two years following the date of conviction. It is estimated that in Paris (only) one hundred persons per month lose their civil rights through the provision of this law. Paris is noted for its general sobriety. Out oi a population oi ^,'JUU,UUiJ, only two hundred and twent}r-five on one Christmas night imbibed so freely that they were unable to get home, and so were taken care of by the police. The Watchixg Wife. — A belated pedes trian, going up Fort-street, in Detroit, at a late hour the other night, thought he observed a figure crouching in the latticed poivh covering a front door. The matter had a suspicious look, and ho halted and ooked over tho fence. ' Go on now,' called the voice of a female through the gloom. ' Do you livo there ?' inquired tho man. 'Indeed, I do.' 'Can you get in ?' ' Indeed, I can.' ' Well, what are you waiting for?' ho asked, after a pause. 'What for?' she demanded. 'Would a respectable woman be crooked over here at this hour of the night with a club in her hand if she didn't expect her husband every blessed minute.' — Detroit Free Press. ' Ma,' said an affected youug lady, ' here is a grammatical error in the Bible.' ' Kill it !' exclaimed the honest old lady ; 'kill the pesky thing. It's what's been catin' tho leaves and the book-marks.' Cost of Attempting to Capture a Levanter. — The Auckland correspondent of the Waikato Times writes to that journal : — ' The other day I was shown a very in teresting document by Mr. Fisher, a partner in the firm of H. Haege and Co., for whom the levauter, Simon Peter Harges, was the Auckland agent. It showed the expenses which that firm incurred in the attempt to bring Harges back to answer for his offences. Of course the lawyers got the lion's share, little bills footing-up over £80. Mr. Super intendent Thomson's trip to Adelaide cost £50. Telegrams, cab-hire, and other un considered trifles, brought the sum total up to £195, some odd shillings and pence — a very nice sum to add to the £247 which the firm of H. Haege and Co. lost through the defalcations of Harges. Mr. Fisher called a meeting of Harges' Auckland creditors, submitted the statement to them, and they generously contributed towards the expenses — nothing! ' Successful High Art. — rt Talk about ile paintings,' said Mr. Sanders as he threw an armful of weeds over the fence into the pig-pen, ' why, you should a seed one that my ole woman draw'd with a pound of tea she bought of Alec Vitties last summer. That actually beat anything since Moses smote the waters and drowned the Phari sees.' ' What was the design — that is, what did the picture represent ?' asked the city boarder, timidly. 'Eaiustorm just comin' on from the north-west,' replied the old man. ' When my wife first brought that magnificent specimen into the family it actually made everything mouldy in the room where it was hung ; so mouldy that we had to take it out. We hung it in the children's bedroom next time, and before we know'd every one of 'em had the croup and four of 'em came near dyin'. The last night we had tho picture in the house, we stood it on a chair in the kitchen, and the stove was crusted over with a quarter of an inch of rust next morning — clean clear rust. And the sugar and salt and soap was all melted, and everything in the room sweating so that you would a sworn it had rained all night and had been followed by a heavy fog. But the skies were as clear as a bell, and there was no gettin' around but what the picture done the business.' — Detroit Free Press. A Scientific Discovery.- — The Launces ton correspondent of the Hobart Mercury states that he was much interested with an account of some new caves lately discovered in the Chudleigh district, containing re mains of marsupial animals, and a wonder ful cave-inhabiting spider, of 'which par ticulars have been forwarded to the royal society of Tasmania. As this is (he writes), I believe, the first instance known of such discoveries in Tasmania, I thought a slight account might be interesting to some of the readers of the Mercury. These caves are situated some six or seven miles from the well-known Chudleigh caves, and consist of several chambers, the innermost of which, containing the specimens, is reached with some difficulty, owing to the deep, almost perpendicular, descents and narrow, shallow passages ; but, when entered, presents a magnificent fairy-like scene of wonderfully: shaped stalactites- hanging in every variety. '... of form from, tbe festooned roof. The - animal remains, as yet discovered, are ? of .' ' existing species ; but as the caves have been very slightly examined, ? it is more than probable that deeper digging and more careful investigation may bring to light a greater variety of forms, possibly some- of extinct races. The spiders, to which the jaw-breaking name of Theridion troglodytes, or cave-inhabiting spider, has been given, are of large size, measuring from six to seven inches in length, and are found only in the innermost cave, to which not a ray of light enters. On what it subsists or how they find their way about is a mystery, but that they do both is certain, as they seem to be in good condition, aud form large nests well filled with eggs. I am in formed that cave-inhabiting spiders, some well furnished with eyes and others quite blind, are found in the mammoth cave of Kentucky, in caves in Austria, and other parts of the world ; but these are associated with hundreds of different kinds of blind beetles, flies, and other insects, on which they are known to prey. Whether similar insects exist at Chudleigh remains to be proved. In New South Wales the limestone caves have yielded remains of the Tas manian hyena and devil animals which now only exist on this island, but ?formerly in ages long gone by roamed over Eastern Australia. The difference between a long and short yarn is very well illustrated by the differ- . ence of one's feelings in holding a skein for one's grandmother or for one's sweetheart. The lump sums, of which the English government have decided to advise the grant to Lord Alcester and Lord Wolseley, in place of the annuities of £2000 a year for two lives, as proposed in the original bills, are respectively £25,000 and £30,000, the difference, arising, of course, from the differences in age between the two Peers. Au ingenious use of luminous paint now provides at the Lyceum Theatre, London, a reassuring safeguard against a possible cause of panic. The directions in the corridors and passages as to the ' way out ' are now as legible in darkness as in light, and thus if from fire or other accident the gas were suddenly cut off, the audience need ex perience no difficulty in finding their way to the several exits. A lady had in her employ an excel lent girl who had one fault. Her face was always in a smudge. Mrs. tried to tell her to wash her face without effending her, and at last resorted to strategy : ' Do you know Bridget,' she remarked in a confidential manner, ' that if you wash the face every day in hot soapy water it will make you ueauimu r vvm id s answereci ine wny Bridget. ' Sure it's a wonder ye never tried it, ma'am.' The father of the House of Commons is Christopher Eice Mansel T-albot M.P. for Glamorganshire, and Lord-Licutentant of the county. Mr. Talbot was born on May 10,1803. Ho has represented Glamorgan shire uninterruptedly since 1830, and is the only member of the House of Commons who vottd at the passing of the Eeform Bill of 1832. The industry of amber-digging is one of very great importance for Prussia, and it is calculated that the amber district of that ? country still contains a quantity which, at an average value of 5s. per lb., is worth no less than £250,000,000 sterling. 