TO THE EDITOR. Sir—If you are not tired of the subject of the exchange of pulpits between the Anglican and other denominations I should like to point out that then is a view of the whole position which has been overlooked. Every intelligent student of the Kew Testament must admit that the teaching of Christianity is that there can be but one church—one undivided body of which Christ ia the head. There are various churches spoken of, as the Church of Corinth, of Ephesus, &c;, but these were in full communion with each other, being only divided locally. To speak of the divided com munions which now exist aa different branches of the Christian church ia clearly unacriptural and meaningless. What, then, briefly v the theory of the Church of England ? Bhe pro fesses to represent the ideal unity in England. There is room enough, she says, for healthy dissension within without the necessity for diaaent, and all who separate themselves from her Aommiiiiwiii gmgiiilty nf twining ft in the body. The prof eased position therefore ot the Church of England ia not that of a denomination, but a representatioa of the Church of Christ in England. The church here might be called the Church of Christ in Australia, but being an English colony, it had adopted the mother name. She professes to be a divine organisation, having an apos tolic order of ministers, and containing within her embrace all who have been baptised into it and continue in her communion. The members of this church have experienced a new birth at baptism, and continual acces sions of grace are transmitted to them through the priests in the aacramenta. This is the theory of the Church of England, and this the High Church and many of the Low Church clergy thoroughly believe, and are consistent in believing. Indeed, however a man may be forced to change his views after wards, I dont see how he can conscientiously accept his orders if he believes anything else. But there is another school of thought now generally recognised within the church called the Btoad Church. The broad churchman has generally changed or formed hia opinions after ordination. He has no faith in the Church of England as a divine institution, because he cannot look around him and fail to see how lamentably she has failed to prove it or to exemplify in any way its leading idea —which is a right one—of unity. Christ's promise to His church was that His spirit bhould abide with it to the end of time ; but no one can dare to say that His spirit is with the Church of England and not with others without incurring the danger of speaking against the Holy Ghost, of attributing to Beelzebub that which manifestly proceeds from God. To say, as some do, that God's spirit is more with his church, but partly with others, is absurd, because Christ's church is one, and all outside are none of His. What then becomes of the professed position of ihe Church of England, and what is the position of the broad churchman? The broad churchman satisfies himself with the maxim that after all ecclesiastical difficulties are not practical ones. Outward organisa tions and forma he recognises as useful and necessary to convey in a quasi-intelligible form the mind of God to the human under standing. So far as he thinks they attain this object he values them, but no farther. So we have high broad churchmen and low broad churchmen. Again, the broad church man is often misrepresented by partisans aa one who believes in the eta tnedia as the path of safety. There are such men no doubt, but they an not the best or the moat thought ful. His belief ia rather that all systems have partially failed to represent the truth, but that beneath all error and mistake there is an under-current of truth which we should endeavor to follow. Bevelation he believes to be pragraenve, and ao ke aooepta the tenth Ifaosa whatever aouroe it aaav Saoeeed-wh^berfiw the wntten Word, the Universe, or history, and human nature." Aa tor truth, it endureth and is always strong; it Uvett and conquereth for evermore." A* for the difficulties with which he is surrounded he is content to acknowledge hk ignorance in many things, and wait for light. And aa for his ecclesiastical position, he does not try to defend it with a high chorchauui; he believes it to be the best organisation he knows for teaching God's wordVand for preserving peace and order, and so long as the bishop lets him go on, he cares not for man's judgment, con tent to abide the judgment of his God. But if the bishop demands bis licence for having his own private opinions, he simplygives it up. If he gave it np without such demand ho sees no good to be derived from it, for he would either stand alone, or start a new sect. Such appears to be the position of broad church men. But there is yet another view of the while matter, whichhelps, perhaps, to explain the question—"What is the church?" Here we see the outward professing body rplit up into .fragments—in confusion and ruin. Two churches, side by side—the Church of England and the Church of Borne—each claiming divine origin and power, and with equal historical right to the clai-n, acknow ledge, indeed, to some extent for both by tbe Church of England; although they are utterly separated from communion. Besidethesethere are innmrerable separate communions, each havinganorganisation of itsown,andeach giv ing itself the name of a church, as though the Church of Christ could be many—not many members, but many separate bodies. These, however, it will be convenient to put aside for the time, and enquire what is meant by the Church of England when she claims to be a church. As to her ecclesiastical position history tells a melancholy story of the crimes perpetrated by Borne to establish her claim to divine right, and a tree may be known by its fruits ; and yet no clergyman can lay any claim to apostolical succession which the Pope has not an equal or greater right to, and yet this is the only authority a clergyman ha 3 for ministering in the congregation. Again ?what do we mean when we call the Church of England a church? We cannot mean all ?who have been baptised into her, for then where arc they, and what have we to do with its teaching ? It cannot mean those ?who go to church, because the great majority of these are not in com munion, and many even of those who do communicate go to church or chapel in discriminately ; these, too, do not teach, but are taught by the church. It cannot mean the clergy, for then the common phrase, " going into the church," for being ordained, which all good churchmen object to, would be correct. And then the teaching of the church is not the teaching of the clergy, for they are bound by a book. When thus analysed the church, according to tbe theory of the Church of England seems to mean three or four different things. As a teacher it seems to mean a book, drawn np from ancient sources, aad capable of being revised from time to time, not by the body of Christians, but by a select committee, and sanctioned, not by the unanimous voice, but by a majority, alas, as history only too clearly shows, often a bribed and corrupted majority at a so-called general council, if the Chared of England does not mean a book there is nothing intelligible that it does mean when the clergy tell as to listen to her ?*>?**>? i^g And yethow can a book, however good and holy, be a church? The Bible is a good and holy Book, but it is not a church. It appears then that to speak of the church as a teaching body, only results in confusion of thought. Kowhere in Scripture are we told to hear the tf aching of tbe church ; but we are told to " hear what the Spirit saith to the churches." Whenever the voice of the church is men tioned it reiers to the judgment of a mem ber by the living body. We are driven then to the Xew Testament for a simple and scriptural meaning of tbe church. It is not a teaching body, bat con sists of all true Christians, all who have experienced a new birth in Christ, not con ferred by baptism—that is but the outward symbol—but an actual change of heart, enabling the believer to feel his own sinful cess and need of a saviour, and to recognise &nch; a saviour in Jeans Christ, by whom he is able in the spirit of adoption to approach God as his father. "The Spirit itself bearing witness with our spirit that we are the sons of God." All such who acknowledge one common Saviour and one common Father, are united by one spirit into one spiritual brotherhood. This is the "One Catholic and Apostolic Church." Not a teaching body, bat a body taught by Christ the head, who has promised that where two or three are gathered together in His name there will He be in the midst of ihcm. Bat what is the outward spectacle! There is no outward unity; but here we see ChrisU' people scattered among the sects as sheep that have no shepherd. Man cannot recognise them always because he cannot see tbe heart: but when Christ comes to His Church, when the bridegroom comes to the call of the spirit and the bride, which He may do at any tune—the Apostolic Church lived in daQy expectation—and which He will do before the ecd of the world; then He will recognise those who have been looking for Him as His own, and they will re cognise Him as their God, and say—"Do! this is our God; we have waited for Trim and He will save cs ; this is the Lord, we have waited for Him, we will be glad and rejoice in His Salvation." This is the Church, invisible now to tbe world, but which will then be gathered togetherinto one visible body. There are some who say we should separate ourselves from all professing bodies, and merely meet together each Lows Day, in the Lord's name, to commemorate His death, and in the one form of worship ap pointed by Himself when He said to His disciples, ''This do in remembrance of me." Such are on the Lord's ground, and are in communion with all other Christians in all other places who are doing the same. As for teachers and evangelists, God will raise up His own, taught by His spirit, dwelling in and among .them, aad recognised by mutual concent, for tbe gift that they evidently pos sess. Unfortunately those who hold this view have failed to exemplify the truth of it. They have, in spite of protests to the con trary, formed themselves into a narrow sect, and obscured the truth by much that is untrue and nnseriptura], and they do not chow much real charity to those who do not agree with them. They have rather a Pharasaic contempt for others. Whatever we believe the church to be— whether the Church of England is a true branch, or whether it is the body of true believers—it is clear that no minister ap pointed by a denomination can as such be invited to speak in the congregation; and when a high churchman, who believes in his position, protests, he is acting intelligently according to his profession. If a broad churchman says that he invites another into a denomination, but beeautehe has a gift from God, then upon such grounds hall of the clergy should be excluded and his own orders become utterly meaningless and in valid. The mere fact of there being a number of sects shows that they differ in opinion. They may agree to differ, but they cannot do away with differences by pretending to ignore them. If the differences are of minor impor tance, why do they keep them up? If there is no essential difference between a dissenting minister and a clergyman of the Church of England why do not the clergy give up their orders, and the bishops give up the farce of ordaining them? I have tried in these few remarks to aide with no party, to express no opinion of my own; but so far as I can to review the position impartially as from an outside point of view, hoping that God will in time give us more light to walk as He would have us.- -I am, &c.;, A BROAD CHURCHMAN. 