LECTURE BY THE HO*. JOBX DOUGLAS. Os Monday evening a capital lecture was given in tbe Town Hall by the Hod, John Douglas upon the subject of 'The Transcon tinental Railway and the future railway policy for the colony.'1 There was a large andieoce, who listened with rapt attention throughout the discourse. His Worship the Mayor (Mr. Alderman Turner) presided. The Hos. Jobs Douglas, who. on risinc. was received with rounds of applause, said he always took a deep interest in anything con nected with the progress of the colony. With regard to the construction of railways each as they bad hitherto constructed, the scheme of the Transcontinental Railway was to a great extent accessory. Nothing less than four or five ipiHinna would be required for tbe com pletion of tbe local railways. There bad beep a little scare amongst some people at tbe possi bility of obtaining more money for the pur pose, but he had never participated in those feelings. He believed the credit of the Australian colonies was as good as ever it was, and under proper government their credit would remain aa good in tbe next fire years as in the past five years. He thought there were a growing number of people in this country who were beginning to see that if they could carry out a systematic plan of railways right through the interior of the country without going to the Londou Stock Exchange to borrow the money for the purpose, they would be conferring a great benefit on them selves and on many others wbo would make this country their home. They could immensely add to the resources of tbe country in that way. They all knew that the Transcontinental Rail way had not only been long talked about, hut after loog negotiations an agreement bad been made, and if it suited Parliament to ratify the Bame it vroold doubtless be carried oat. Id fact, so far back as the days of Collier and Co. it was talked about, and anticipated that they might make a railway right through to tbe Gulf of Carpentaria. (The lecturer here pointed oat an the map of Queensland the line the Trans continental Eailway Co. had agreed npon lately, showing the alternate blocks of land to be granted to them on the completion of the line.) He said it must be admitted that a line in that direction had been by common consent agreed to as » line which might be considered as the trunk line, tile hack-booe line passing through the centre -rf Queensland witbont any engineering difficulties to over come. He bad watched the negotiations that had taken place during the past two yean in connection with the Transcontinental Bafl way. He had long been an advocate for land grant railways. For the last twelve yeaxs be had been convinced that it was the only way by which they could sufficiently develop the resources of their vast interior. He was fortified in that conclusion when be visited America, and saw bow mach bad been done there by that very same system. There they had a country intersected by 100,000 miles of railway at the present time, more than the whole of the mileage of railways in the rest of the world. They bad chiefly been con structed on the land-grant principle. They were often told that there had been a great deal of ' jobbery ' in connection with those land grants, bat at the same time it bad resulted in enormous benefits to the people themselves, and caused immigration and settle* ment of a large population throughout the length and breadth of tbe land. (Applause.) Those people, enjoying tbe democratic form of Government, would not be such fools as to con tinue the land grant system unless by domgiso they were advancing the interests of (heir country. (Applause. ) They most not there fore be scared as children were scared eome titnes by the ghost stories which were told them by their grandmothers. As compared with the whole area of Queensland, and con sidering the immense advantages to be con ferred by the trunk line, the alienation of those alternate blockB of land did not seem to him to be extravagant. He considered the agreement now proposed by tbe Transcon ti&eat;&l; Bfi&ny; Syndicate as infinitely more advantageous than those bargains that have been made lately by the Canadian Govern ment. He wasertremelyaorry to see thai tbe Warrego Railway Bin was do teamed. It would at any rate have been a commencement. He differed from Mr. Macrossan as to the difference between the proposal* for the VTarrego and tbe Transcontinental BaOways. It seemed that the Warrego railway people were anxious or willing to get tbe railway off their hands as soon as possible. He did not regard that as a satisfactory bargain at all- After showing the advantages of the powers of resumption and other clauses in the Transcontinental Railway agreement, and the ultimate setfiement of an increased number of freeholders and others on the land, he remarked that tbe great American immigration, agencies is' England and Germany were the outcome of the land -grant system. There were claims in the settled districts wbere the population bad gathered toge&er;, and at tbe present rate of constructing rail ways it would take up all their funds for the next ten years to come. They could not, therefore, go on the London Stock Exchange construct the next trunk line. He hoped a parliament would be elected which would carry out that undertaking to the immense advantage of themselves and posterity. They must uot suffer themselves to be con taminated by any notions that because there had been a certain amonnt of jobbery in. America or England that they should be subjected to tbe very same process. They would take very good care they were not. There might be many difficulties to overcome in a scheme of such magnitude, and objections to answer. This great undertaking will do much to knit together the great Australian colonies. (Applause.) They ought to con struct their great railways in such a way that tbe people inhabiting the different countries might communicate as freely as possible, and that trade should circulate from end to end of that vast dominion. (Loud and continued applause.) After a hearty vote of thanks had been accorded to the learned lecturer for his admir able discourse on so vital a question, followed by a similar compliment to the Mayor for pre siding, the people dispersed. — Condensed from Maryborough Chronicle. 