Presbyterian Church Mutual Im -, provement Association. above wa:s delivered on Tuesday by the Rev. James Gibb, in the Presbyterian session-house. Notwithstanding the inclemency of the weather there was a very fair attendance. The lecturer took fobr his subject Shakespeare's tragedy of "Hamlet." The subject was very fully treated under the following divisions :-The date at which the play was given to the world, and the sources from which 'Shakespeare driew the materials of the tragedy. Mr Gibb pointed out that discussion re the authorship and the date of produecion .of any great work was not generally productive of much good. Volumes have been written on " Who is the author of the I-omeric poems?" Cui bono ? The worth and beatuty of these poems do not centre in their author. There is of course an indirect advantage in such tescarch, viz., that it stimu lates scholarship--lt scholarship might be stimulrited in? more profitable ways. Only when the knowledge of the author and date of pro duction will cast light on.the subject matter of any work, is the quest a profitable one. When " Hamlet" was produced is a question interest ing chiefly because it is found to belong to that 'group of Shakespeare's plays wherein human life and destiny are most darkly, shadowed forth. Not much is known of our greatest dramatist from external testimon)y, and so per feet an~artist was he that his personality is generally wholly hiddlen' in his writings. Still in the fact that his plays were produced in groups, and that the group to which " HIIamlet" belongs seems based on the notion that " the time is out of joint,", some light may be cast upon the mental andI spiritual development of the'author-a ray or two mayhap even on the external circumstances of his.life. After dlis cussing the date of production, a brief summary of chief ihcidents in the play was given. The structure and dramatic movement of the plot were then reviewed. Shakespeare, and indeed all the. Roman dramatists, set at defiance the classic unities of action; time, and place. But in "Hamlet" the unity of action at least is tolerably well observed. There is, little of comedy. in the play, and what there is only deepens the feeling that the tragedy as a whole produces in the mraid. The gruesome jokes of the grave-diggers only add to the horror of the scene.' Nothing is out of place-no ill-timed humour such as in " Macbeth" the door porter displays- when "Duncan has been' murdered. Shakespeare appears occasionally to have pan dered to the tastes of the "groundlings,' but never' in '' Hamlet." The'lecturer' then dis cussed the "literiry value 'of the play. t I?e pointed out the large number of epigrammatic expressions which "Hamlet" has given to the proverbial philosophy of every-dlay life.-Large numbers of our best terms of speech are to be. traced to the page of Shakespeare. Twenty eight of: these expressions weregiven from "liamlet."- As a study in mental philosophy and moial science`,ihe tragi?ly isttimilabie. In far niore attractivform than in books on psycholo yind?tietaplsics;the, pioblemssof mind :aid spiiit'are dmscusud; 'andi though Hamlet himself is a sceptic, even doubting sometimes thevery existenceofvirtue.-"there's nothing either good or bad but thinking makes it so,"'-the whole tragedy is ai admirable en- forcement of the truth that the end of sin is death. The lectirci'clbsed ivith a brief review of the leading characters. Claudius (the king), the Queen;-'Polonius; Laertes, Horatio, and Ophelia were briefly reviewed. Concerning the last, distinct objection was taken to that view of her character, given ,b Goethe in his "Wilhelm Meister." Thie great German's moral instincts Were not of the most perfect' kind, andti to this the injustice he does to Ophelia's caramctern m.y. probablyb, ,.traced. Ilamletwias the kisteharactr touchedoupon; An exhiustive analysis of the much-pondering, much- doubting Dane was'given. ," Mr Gibb did nortpronounce id:ifdvar'of the view that Hamlet was wholly insane.' Hamlet doubtless was at timeseiinsane; his'~iind 'ias'doitbtlss partly unhinged by dallying with his duty and his promise to/his father's ghost. Action would have'aved him,.as'it has saved many a man besiles. It is at the expense of moral and even intellectual sanity ihit we postpone the performance of any duty, great or small. The lecturer concluded, " Finally, then, let us learn this one lesson at least from the tragedy of 'Hamlet,' that in action is to be found a cure for life's sorrows, an escape from .life's per plexities, and a light in life s darkness. ' Work and despair not.' ' The above society meets on the first and third Tuesdays of each month. An interesting syllabus has been drawn up, consisting of lectures, essays, debates, maga zines, and entertainments. On Tuesday next, 5th inst., Mr Hanna, the president of the society, will read a paper on the " Causes of Crime." Copies of the constitution and syllabus may be had from the president, the secretary, Mr .Jneas Gunn, and from any of the office bearers, 