EXCERPTS FROM THE AMERI- CAN PAPERS, tjg^jg The London Daily Standard claims an average circulation of 242,000 copies daily. The second daughter oi the Crown Prince. of Germany is betrothed to the hcreditaiy Prince of Anhalt. The French Ministry is considering the revocation of the order prohibiting the importation, of salted meats. The Pennsylvania Legislature has enacted a law prohibiting the performance of any play representing Biblical characters. At Loudon public dinners it has ceased to be in order to rise to any toast except that of the Queen. The loss by worn silver coin withdrawn from circulation in Great Britain, during the past year, amounted to nearly 200,000 dol. There are 2400 miles of railroad in operation in Brazil, and about 2200 miles more in conrse of construction. The largest steamer in the world, the Great Eastern, earned laBt year65 dol, while 20,000 dol were spent in keeping her in repair. The moral support heretofore given to the Salvation Army in England by dignitaries of the Episcopal Church is being withdrawn. There are thirteen heirs between the throne of Bavaria and the Prince Louis Ferdinand, who has just married the Infanta Paz of Spain. Tabreez, a city north of Persia, has recently been visited by an earthquake, which destroyed many houses and caused the death of a great number of people. ^ Bismarck has tabooed the Yienna*.Aft<7emeine Zcitnng for two years, ordered its special wire to Berlin cut, and even prohibited its going via Germany to Denmark. Perjury has become so mnch the normal habit of Prussian witnesses, that the Ministers of Justice and Public Worship are considering what they can do toward stopping it. Sixty bronza hatchets have been found embedded in the ground only one metre deep at Salez (Canton of St. Gallen), Switzerland, which are supposed to be 2500 yeanTold. The editor of a Breslan newspaper has been sentenced to" six months' imprisonment for having spoken disrespectfully of the Emperor in a theatre. "I am filled with Hgly Ghost powder, and it will explode on somebody," was the remark of one of the female soldiers in the Salvation Army at Syracuse the other day. The French are building thirty-six men-ofwar, of which twelve are ironclads, to cost 21,000,000 dols; and two more, irotclada also, are to cost 2,090,000 dols each. . Russia and Germany'are vying with each other in the construction of railroads to the frontier, for the transportation of -troops in case of war between the two Powers. London is interested over some private letters of Sarah Bernhardt, in which, in passionate tones, Bhe expresses the hope that her near maternity will crown her lUe with a daughter, who shall be great. Professor Sorokin, of the St. Petersburg Medico-surgical Academy, says that, judging by certain signs he had noticed in several bodies lately examined, there is a possibility of cholera appearing in Russia during the present year. Paris, for 2,226,000 inhabitants, has 23 theatres, 6 music-halls, and 3circuses; Vienna, for 1,204,000 inhabitants, has 7 theatres, 1 circus, and 6 music-halls; Berlin, with 1,300,000 inhabitants, has 13 theatres, 1 circus, and 5 music-halls. Bismarck Is endeavoring to prove tbat the German nation suffers from the fact that the fire insurance business is principally in the hands of private corporations, his intention h being to constitute a Government department of insurance. A company has been formed in Vienna to undertake the general business of washing windows. It is likewise prepared to execute orders for the scrubbing of house fronts aud vestibules, aud the cleaning of mirrors and show cases, and doubtless for all kindred operations. There are 12,000 head of Jersey cattle on the Isle of Jersey, and 6000 on the Isle of GuprnBey. The exportation from both is about 3000 head. The importation of cattle to these islands iB strictly prohibited, and no vessel having a horned beast on board is allowed to enter any of their ports. A London paper says that nobody except an intimate friend knows where Mr Parnell lives in London. When he takes a cab from the House of Commons be invariably drives to Charing Cross, and on leaving the conveyance walks toward the Strand. Mr O'Kelly shares with Mr Parnell the secret of his abode. Workmen engaged in painting Trinity Church in Newport, R L. week before last, took down the vane which was placed on the spire in Queen Anne's reign. It was 6 feet 4 inches across and 4 feet high, and surmounted by a crown, which is believed to be the last vestige of regal rule in America. A new enemy of the orange tree has appeared in the United States. It is a green insect no bigger than a flea. The creatures swarm on some of the orange trees, and seem to be doing considerable injniy to the foliage. Some of the same trees are also infested by a small brown insect, a little larger than the green one, and almost as numerous. There is said to be a marked preference shown by various royal ladies in Europe in particular kinds of fur. The Empress of Russia wears sables by choice; the Empress of Austria patronises Astrakanfur; the Archduchess Stephanie of Austria prefers otter; the Queen of Roumania likes gray fur; marten is specially favored by the Queen of Holland; while the Queen of Spain chooses beaver as her favorite wear, _ Apples vary in weight according to variety, size, and mode of packing from 40 lb to 48 lb per buahej. It is said that when large and email are packed together the weight is greatest. At the annual meeting of the Salvation Army in London, General Booth stated that the army bad now 491 corps, with an income derived from them- of £121,000. The rental of barracks entailed an expenditure of £'21,000 a year, and the army had property of its own now worth £150,000, upon which there was a debt of £54,000. Abont £10,000 was contributed during the day. Am pug those who took part in the meeting was a Yorkshire woman eighty-foar years old, who aid she had been in prison 280 times for runkenness. 