SCOTTSDALb. , » To fhe Editor. In yours of the 29th inst. there appears a letter signed ' R.G.C.,' correcting what 'JLG.C.''' is pleased to term two or three (however, be names four of tbem) «gregiojis - ~ blunders on my part. In the first place allow me to lender my thanks, secondly to express . my sorrow that I was not fortunate enough to meet ' B.G.C.' when at Scottsdale, from whom I anticipate by the tenor of bis advice I should have received correct information all thinm; In liiK liidilv favored district. Re the Coffee Palace, suffice for me to say that some of my fellow passengers, prior to the arrival of the coach at the P.O., stated they were going to put up at that place, which was pointed out by some one as we passed in the coach. It lies some short distance from the road with a new and clean external appear- ance, a signboard erected prominently over the front entrance with the words Scottsdale Coffee Palace painted thereon in large letters. I, therefore, took it for granted that Scotts- dale could boast of a Coffee Palace, and now regret to learn that each is not the case. Be the Wesleyan Manee and theinaterialB with which the Free Church is bnilt, if I committed an error I may inform ' E.G.C.' that I am indebted for being misinformed, to a resident, whom by bis appearance and conversation I considered his information reliable. Nodoufct 'RG.C.' is aware that by the time tea is over at Mr Lord's hotel, and then time being allowed to walk to those p'-acessome three or four weeks sincedark ness sets in. I know not if the manse was occupied or not at that time. The building hating been pointed out to me as the Wesleyan manse, I naturallycametotheconclunon that it was the property of the Wesleyan congre- . gation, who built it expressly for tbe use of their resident minister, at present the Rev. Wm. Dawson. Not having the plea sure of that gentleman's acquaintance, I did Lot take the liberty of knocking at hiu front door to ascertain whether lie occupied .it or not ; arriving at the conclusion that Wes leyan Committee's do not bnild manses for no one to occupy. Whether the Free Churches of . wood or stone standing in the middle of tbe the road, with it -almost, if not quite, night light without a moon, I could not say, neither would Lconvey that my informant stated that it was stone, but rather would I blame myself for coming to the conclusion that it was built of a material far superior to the one it is in reality built of. Let that be as it may it is a very . pretty edifice and quite an ornament to the township The last and most important blunder of nil committed by me, as looked through 'R-.G.G.' k spectacles, 'the land here is ao nih that it is impossible to grow hay.' 'R.G.C.' may as well add a few more words that I said, 'on account of it (the hay) growing so rank.' For this' information I am indebted to a gentle man, who I was informed was one 'of the wealthiest land owners in the district, and one whom I feel assured, would not misrepresent the industry of liis own district. It is pleas ing to see by ' R.G.C.' that a ' whole ' 303 acres has been sown this year in oats in his district. Allow me to ask of that quantity how much will be taken to market in the shape of straw and straw chaff? The chaff I saw when at Scottsdale, and which I was informed was grown in the district, was not worthy of the name of good hay chaff. A Spbcl&i;, Cobbkspondknt. Launceston, November -30. The following story is told of Bensley, tlie actor. The spirits who alarm Richard ILL, in his tent were wont to appear up a trap en bustc. Bensley, having been playing HeuryYI., was waiting impati ently to display lis upper half as bis own ghost, and, having been invited to sup with some convival friends after tbe per formance, had divested himself or half of bis costume to save time. Presently lie appeared under the stage, his upper man solemnly arrayed in black velvet and bugles, the lower in a tight pair of smart - new nankeen pantaloons. He placed himself upon the platform, cautioning the cirpenter at the winch not to raise him too higli, and, the cue being given up lie went. Close by stood a mischievous low comedian, who had been laughing at Bensley's odd appearance, and the spirit of fun being too strong for him, he j suddenly gave the winch a few fepid turns, ran King Heiuy up the level of the : stage, and jerked him forward full into tfie sight of the audience. Hie roar of j laughter which arose was tremendous. | Even the conscience-smitten terrified : tyrant in the tent at tlie sight of the old Lancastrian monarch in a costume belong- ' iug -to two such different periods sat up and roared with the rest. 