EUROPEAN NEWS. £3T Compiled from the European Mail, Home Fetes, and other late journals:— A novel scene was witnessed at Dover Castle a few nights ago, when a masque rade carnival was enacted. The cha racters represented were many of them Shakesperian, some were historical, and others were representative of soldiers of ancient and modern nationalities. The masquerade started in torchlight proces sion from the keep yard, and thence pro ceeded to the theatre, where an appro priate burlesque, written by Colonel Goodenougli, was represented. Mercantile Failure.—At the Bankruptcy Court an application has just been made to Mr. Registrar Hazlitt, sitting as Chief Judge, to appoint a receiver and man ager of the estate of Messrs. C. Cooper, Hall, and Co., merchants and bankers, of Lombard-street. The debtors had peti tioned the Court for the liquidation of their affairs, stating their liabilities at £400,000, of which a large portion is fully secured. The assets are at present unestimated. Upon the application of Mr. Baker (Lawrence, Piews, and Baker), His Honor appointed Mr. Waddell (Wad dell Brothers, Mansion House) receiver and manager of the estate, creditors to the amount of £240,000 supporting the application, and restrained nine suing creditors. Lady Florence Dixie has declined to accept a testimonial in appreciation of her efforts to relieve Irish distress. It is con sequently announced that the £28G con tributed for that purpose will be returned to the subscribers. Mr. Parnell's estate has been the scene of another popular demonstration. Se veral hundred people assembled, with bands, to plough his land, and a large stubble held adjoining his demesne was ploughed up very quickly, over 200 ploughs being engaged, while in the field of twenty-one acres at Garrymore eighty ploughs were employed. A soldier has been tried by court-mar tial at Lenmore Barracks, Galway, for having left his post while on duty outside the gaol, alleging that ho saw the ghost of Myles Joyce, which frighteued him away. HiB story was disbelieved, and he was sentenced to twelve months' impri sonment. A serious affair occurred in Cork on the night of Jan. 13. The Inspector of Fish cries had seized a quantity of salmon on the previous evening as they were being sent away to Dublin by taijjij. The fish ordered to be co in the -»»ntor -ibr-.. The car in which he was driving was i seized and rolled in the gutter, and an at tempt was made to rescue the fish. The inspector recovering himself drew his re volver and fired at his assailants, wound ing one and compelling all to retreat. The activity of the Inspecter of Fisheries in putting down poaching lias produced a very dangerous reaction, and he has been frequently threatened. A serious strike has taken place among the Caledonian Railway servants, which lias assumed something like colossal di mensions. The dissatisfaction lias spread to the remotest districts Fast, North, and South, and unless a compromise of some kind be speedily arrived at the next few days will witness the complete withdrawal of the company's present servants. On Jan. 10 the Leith men came out on strike, aud no passenger traffic was run on the branch line. The Perth men have agreed to abide by the decision of the Glasgow meeting; the Sterling men have been holding an idle day ; the Dundee men left work at midnight, and the Forfar men resolved that if the Dundee servants came out tliey would also strike this week. An official statement has ap peared in the newspapers controverting, on behalf of the company, the allegations of the men as to long hours and insuffi cient remuneration for overtime. On January 18 there was hardly a movement at the Central Station in Glasgow, and few trains left. Newspaper parcels were undespatched, and in njany to wps. along the Caledonian line the inhabitants, from want of newspapers, are ignorant of wW"" IS going on. At Carstairs, an im ^'"uction for trains for the South, portent ju s now Qut on Btrike De_ aU the men aS^Gl w from all the putetmns are m^T^er mass meeting strike districts, and will be held to-day. The jot for a reduction of the working day to nine liours on the Caledonian Railway, threat ens to assume serious dimensions. A nine hours' movement has long been talked about among the railway servants, and if the demand is conceded in Scot land it will be pressed with vigour South of the Tweed. It should be bome in mind, however, that the real dispute turns, | as in all short time movements, upon the j point at which payment for overtime | should begin. There is seldom much ob | jection to long hours if long hours mean a : commensurate increase of pay. The Cale j donian men demand double pay for Sun day duty and 50 per cent, extra for over time. A small force of police proceeded to Glendale a few days ago to remain there until the Court of Session writs are served on the crofters. When they entered the glen an alarm was raised ; 400 men and women assembled and severely maltreated them, and they were forced to retreat to Dunvcgan. A medical man lias been sent there to report on their condition. The messenger of the Court of Session, bearing writs from the Court, on reaching Glendale met with similar treatment to that experienced by the constables on the preceding day. On Jan. 20 an alarming explosion took place in a gasometer measuring 160ft. in diameter by 100ft. in depth at the Trades ton Gas Works at the Glasgow Corpora tion. Attention was at first attracted by a large volume of flame towering high in the air, which was followed immediately by an explosion, the effects of which was felt for miles round. On investigation it was found that the holder had exploded on the South-West side, a portion of the : plaiting measuring 12ft. square being torn ' and twisted and thrown outwards, while -geverai iaige aperiures were umcovered la the roof, from which gas blazed fiercely. Fortunately no one inside the works was hurt, but a number of single storey houses which immediately adjoin were almost totally wrecked and scarcely one of the inmates escaped injury. Lti one house where the full force of the explosion seemed to have been felt, the walls were cracked, the plaster of the roof thrown down, and the windows in the front blown out, while the five inmates, who formed one family were all burned about the head, neck, and hands, the father and a girl sufiering severely. The windows in a j large number of houses at a considerable I distance were blown in, and as an instance ' of the furious effects of the concussion, one | gentleman who was walking along the' ' street was observed to sway backwards i and forwards and then to be thrown vio- [ lently on his face. Various theories have ■' been started as to the cause of the explo- j sion, but the only one which finds any fa- ' vour with those acquainted with such ! matters is that some explosive substance j must have been applied to the outer frame of the holder, and thorough examination ! of the holder cannot be made until the tank is emptied. The same night a coal- ! shed at the Buchanan-street station of i the Caledonian Railway, Glasgow, was ' blown up. On the watcluncn and a nuin- i ber of police running to the place the , shed was found to be a total wreck. ; There were no signs of fire about the ! place, and as no gas was used in the shed, : the explosion must have been caused by ' dynamite, gunpowder, or some similar substance. A few hours later, as a num- ■ ber of people were returning from Glas- j gow to Springburu, one of the suburbs of : that city, they discovered on the Keppock- j liill Bridge, which carries the Forth and i Clyde Canal over the highway, a small I oval tin box lying on the parapet. One 1 of the company, a gunner belonging to I the Royal Artillen', opened the lid of the ! box, which he found was full of sand, t He pushed his hand in among the sand, I when the contents exploded and began to [ burn. Four persons were injured, though i not seriously. As the box was destroyed j by the fire, it is not known what the ex- '■ plosive substance was. It may be men- j tioned that, had the bridge beeu de- ! stroyed, the canal for a distance of sixteen miles would have been drained into the city. The outrage has been attributed to the Fenians. An interesting story is connected with the handsome robe of the Chancellor of the Exchequer, worn by Mr. Gladstone at the opening of the Law Courts. This is not private property, but passes on from Cliancellor to Chancellor as elianges are \ made. The last time Mr. Disraeli was | Chancellor of the Exchequer the personal relations between liim and Mr. Gladstone j were so strained that some difficulty arose j on the subject of the transmission of the ' gown. It was applied for in due course, : but some difficulty was made about its ' immediate disposal. Probably, Mr. , Gladstone did not care in the circum- ] stances to be too insistent, and another robe was ordered. This was better be- : cause newer. Yet round the other there ' hung a special interest, since it had been made for Mr. Pitt and was worn by him through his Chancellorship of the Ex chequer, and had passed down in regular succession. Perliaps the oddest thing is j tliat no one knows to this day what has I become of the original gown. It might ■ '* i11 1 worth 'liile, enquiring ' Sandown Castle, near Deal, which was temporarily suspended by order of the War Office authorities, is now proceeding, and elicits considerable interest. So (irmly are ihe blocks of stone and other materials set in the cement in which they were originally laid that they can only be removed by blasting. The excavations are now proceeding in what was originally the gun-rooms of the castle, on the base ment, where the strength of the structure is very remarkable, the cement in many cases proving harder than the stone em ployed. Up to the present time about one third of the castle has been demol ished, the quantity of material removed being about, five hundred tons. The ma terial is being conveyed by rail to Dover Castle, where it will be used in accord ance with a suggestion of the Archaeolo gical Society, in the construction of a resi dence for the general commanding the South Eastern District at Constable's Tower, near the "old entrance" to the castlc. The late Czar's favourite dog, which ac companied Alexander IT. in all his cam paigns has died at the Princess Dolgo rourki's hotel at Pau. " My lord" was most carefully tended, and his master was greatly attached to him, but the animal lias at last died of old age. A white mar blet tablet will be raised over his grave. A new Suez Canal is, it appears, shortly to be constructed. It will run parallel to the present canal, and when finished, one of the canajs will be usedfor outward and the other for inward passenger traffic. In a commercial sense this will be an im mense advantage, because it is a fre quent occurrence that shipping is delayed by the canal being blocked through a ship running aground and obstructing the way. 