Hndqr ihii lalqoiiB. CBv Little Bo-peep.) "Let rales be fix'd that may our rage contain, And punish faults with a proportioned pnin; And do not slay him who deserves alone A whippirfg for the fault that he has done. JYc guid nit/ti.t! Carefully lads, because woie now very much in it — very much, rime was when a district took a dear of glory if owning a band of gentlemen who travelled on firearms ; but so scarce has this kind of business become that it is worth ten visits from Archie Forbes, the finding of a nugget, a Lisbon earthquake, a Tamany ring of Supreme Court judges, or a Coonnnbaift hat iu point of notoriety. But, gently lads. Not to excess with your joy. True, you have got a splendid gang of dark-night freemen, ready to take your money and make your wives a happy baud of widows ; but steady. Do not be led by Hooker, whose joy knows no bounds since lie- was. compelled to look down the muzzles of a persua-. sive-looking rifle with one eye, squinting coaxingly with the other at the robber as he handed him his watch. Take your good fortune rationally, and step gently down to the next division, e e s <s The night was about as black as Telegraph Sam, with the heaviest end of it gone. Yarrowford looked the size oi a German sausage as it wound its. way hi silence o'er its rocks and turtles. Its large, white structure reminded one of the phantom bridge of Mirza's vision ; and Nature slept. There was only a shrill cry of some timid plover to disturb, the silence. A fitting time, this, for Hooker to travel, for Hooker's a poet. Hooker loves the Muses, and Hooker loves solitude. But he was not alone — Woodall was- there — Woodall — lovely Woodall ! Thy were discussing the philosophy of Dr. Johnson and the beautiful passages-, of " Paradise Lost." They had grossed; the bridge and the tramp of their horses' feet on the woodwork had died away. Then the scene was changed : e o o o 'Twas a stately tree, bared of limb and leaf. On it sat a 'possum cooing to its mate, and. skelting up and down, and cracking its tail in the air with con summate joy. Round it stood a band oi black-faced monsters, their eyes= flashing likes Injun Joe's before those of Tom Sawyer, Avenger of the Spanish Main. Hooker was startled. So was Woodall. Their Arcadian dreams were now disturbed, and the cry of " Bail Hup !" rang through the forest glades and died away in weird echoes amid the rocky- crags of Yarrowford. Hooker would have fled. So would Woodall ; but a cloud of bullets in the dark are un certain in their flight, and there are very few men who would care to stop one. Hooker didn't, Wood- all wouldn't. So they stood ; and then two men decorated in dirty shirts kindly offered to tie them to a tree in order that they could better gauge the joys of the " Prisoner- of Chillon." At a certain hour each evening a watch is heard to tick at that bridge. Officers have been there. Blood, blood on every side. Nothing more. And now we have the second chapter of New England bushrang- ing and a horrid dread of Hooker's ghost. c o o The plagues of Egypt must take a back - seat, for the cry is still they come, and all the legislation and lead in the world can't stop them. The- festive, make-merry kangaroos eat all our grass ; the dingoes eat our 150 guinea rams, and: our best cattle-dogs eat the tempting rounds of beef and slrychuine sauce which we generously spread along the track to attract their nomadic and; uncivilised brothers ; the lrisky "maggy" taps the best fruit in our garden s — when we happen to have any ; andthecockee skips through our corn patches, until he is as "full" as a Good Templar. We pay as much for kangaroo scalps per year as would start a new colony, and yet for every one that is killed a dozen others roll up to-, attend the funeral. In the Orange district it is proposed to pay a farthing each for every green parrot that is turned toes up, and once this is voted any square-eyed man, who can find the powder and shot can amass a colos sal fortune and then enter Parliament. When we come to trot out these pests an Italian earthquake is nothing to us. o c o o Mr.. Harte says the Chinee takes the cake from all others for tricks that are vain ; but a Louth paper sends along a tale of one of our own darkies in this respect that must commend itself to. the most fas tidious. A certain squatter of a portion of rather sparsely infested rabbit country was recently paying as much as 5s. a feead for every long-eared loafer caught on his property, and, happening to be scoot- iug round one day, he strucK a blackfellow's camps and saw four rabbits tethered up to a sapling. On askiug the sable proprietor why he did not batter in the heads of the bob-tailed quartette with his waddy, the latter replied by pointing out the fact that one, at least of the rabbits was. eiicientc, and he was keeping them to make the most of his capture ! And the end of it was that the squatter had not only to pay his pound for th.e four, but he had also to pay an approximate estimate of what the increase would be. This little- incident betrays a spirit of enterprise on the part of the noble savage which only requires a wider field of operations to enable him to run a " stiff" scrip mine 0000 We are now quietly enjoying the label season, and for the first time the jolly dogs have sat down on the Herald with the specific gravity of a ton of wet guano. But when we consider how extremely care-, ful these funny folic are to sit upon everytht-ng. that a journal says on behalf of the public good, the only wonder is that the Supreme Court isn't sitting day and night all the year round- Anything at all con stitutes a libel, and every paper published must, if the law is enforced, contain half-a-dozen libels every istue Only a few months ago a Carcoar man threatened proceedings because the local paper by mistake inserted the letters. J.P-. after his name ; and a " man named Kain threatened to take his children from a public school and enter an action against the board for teaching that "Cain killed his brother Abel." Either of these would have scooped in about- £5000 damages. " Granny's" being caught in the toils, re fused a second trial, &c; , with the prison cell thrown in to bind the bargain, looks as if the Press had better straightway leave the colony in. the hands of the legal Philistiues. A more desirable thing, however, would be for the public to introduce tlr.e bald-end of a broom waddy among the latter. 000c In a recent English paper I read that the hero of " D.ncle Tom's Cabin," the Rev. Josiah Henson, has died at the advanced age of 93. Doubtless this is stale news,, but the paper goes on to say " He had been in bad health for some time- past, suffer-, ing from paralysis, which, it is believed was brought on by the cruel beatings he received as a slave." I remember that I entertained serious doubts as to the efficacy of corporal punishment in my younger days,, aud the greater my experieuce of it, the more confirmed were my- doubts ; but an instance of this kind- seems unlikely to further the views of au indignant, well-Jiirched youth.. An enthusiastic teetotaller ouce cited the case of a person having finally succumbed to the persisteut use of " hot aud rebellious liquors but when it appeared that the individual iu question was a lioary-headed old toper of over a century, who had been brought up on the- bottle, and had never gone to bed sober, the moral of the story seemed the thiunest of the thin ; and until the juveniles can trot out some thing more couvinciug than the case of a man of 93, 1 fear that the boys will continue to long for casl-.irou inexpressibles and cane-proof hands, aud that their wants will be as unsatisfied as in, the old, old days- 