Hindrances to Conversion and Church Membership. "Them that were entering in ye hindered."—LUKE xi. 52. The Lord Jesus never brought an unjust charge against any, nor could He be charged with a want of charity, or with defective orthodoxy. His views were clear, His heart was kind, and yet He says to some, " Ye enter not in yourselves, and them that were entering in ye hindered." He refers to His kingdom, His Church. Some were affected, concerned, and thought of coming to Him, and joining with Him, but "they were hindered." Are any hindered now ? Are there in our churches and congregations those that hinder souls from coming to Christ, or joining with His people ? We fear there are, and in every department of the church. Let us look, first, at the pulpit; what do we see there ? Perhaps the preacher is cold in his manner, perplexing in his style, and formal in his devotions. This proves an hindrance to many. They want to see warmth, to understand clearly, and to feel that while the preacher is in prayer he is hearty, earnest, and desirous of their salvation. Let us look, secondly, at our deacons; what do we observe here ? Are they men full of the Holy Ghost and of faith? Are they first at the prayermeetings, first in the public services, making it evident that their hearts are set upon the prosperity of the cause? If not, they will hinder some. Next to the preacher, people look to the deacons to be grave, temperate, devout, active, and thoroughly devoted to God. But when deacons are worldly-minded, proud, cold, distant, and patronisers of worldly amusements and carnal pleasures, it must be said of them, " Those that were entering in ye hindered." Let us look, thirdly, at the members of our churches; and what meets us here ? Here is one who practises deception in business because it is the custom of the trade; there is another who is never seen at the prayer-meeting; there is another so much like the world that if we did not see him at the Lord's table we never could think that he made any profession of religion; and there is—but we forbear. Let everyone look into his own church; yea, let everyone look into his own heart, and at his own conduct, and then say, " Is it any wonder that our churches do not flourish ?" We fear the professing Church of Christlias much to answer for. Prosperous times have been holy times, praying times, acting times. Ours are talking times, giving times; but something more is wanting. We have hosts of undecided persons in our congregations, and hosts of half-hearted Christians in our churches. Many have attended our places of worship for years, and have never been pointedly spoken to by one of our members as to the state of their souk. The minister preaches, but they never second his efforts. They seem to fancy that it is 110 part of their business. The Gospel of Christ is hindered; the question is, who hinders it ? Paul was deeply concerned least he should (1 Cor. ix. 12), but many professors now have no concern about it. They live, and speak, and conduct themselves as if it was no concern of theirs. Brethren, are we not more or less guilty ? Do not our imperfections stare us in the face ? Ought we not to humble ourselves deeply before God? Should we not set about an immediate reformation? Let us realize our sins, confess it before God, get it pardoned through the blood of Jesus, set out afresh in Divine strength, and determine that, let others do as they will, we will be very careful, least it should be " Them that were entering in ye hindered." said of us, —Selected. 