THE INTERCOLONIAL FOOTBALL MATCH. ESS[?]NDON v. JUNIOR ASSOCIATION (23). The second of the series of intercolonial football matches was played on the Kensing-<*> ton Oval on Monday afternoon, June 18, the contestants being the Essendons and a team of twenty-three selected from the Adelaide and Suburban Football Association. The weather was bright, and the turf was in excel lent condition, although a trifle slippery. The Junior Association has now been in existence some little time, the clubs connected with it have shown much improvement, and usually the matches played under its auspices attract considerable attention. It therefore must have been gratifying to the executive of the association to learn that their existence had been recognised by the committee of the Norwood and Kensington Association when the latter were making up the programme of matches to be played by the Essendons. On other grounds, however, it seems only right that the juniors should have an opportunity of testing their strength against a team that hails from Victoria with a reputation for good all-round play. Nor can the juniors complain of the amount of patronage bestowed upon them by the foot ball-loving public, as there was a good atten dance at the oval on Monday to witness their performance. The game was commenced at about 3 o'clock by the combined team kicking off towards the southern goal. The game, however, requires but little description as, although the juniors played very reso lutely, they were overmatched from start to finish. It would be saying too much to state that the juniors did not at times put the Vic torians on their mettle, but the former never had the ghost of a chance of getting home first. The Essendons performed much better than they did on Saturday, but their general game throughout did not come up to first class form, nor did the individual numbers of the team display better football than what spectators get from such men as Watson and Waldron, of the Norwoods. The play was unusually rough, the Essendons at times much to the astonishment of those present playing the men in preference to the ball. This, however was not the only fault of the Victorians, as time after time they held their opponents, sometimes when the leather was yards beyond the reach of the player who was detained. Although personal appeals were made to several of the members of the visiting learn to play the ball and leave their adversaries alone, they heeded them not, and consequently the lookers-on gave vent to their disapprobation by hisses and groans. Had the Essendons been playing a losing instead of a winning game their might have been some slight excuse for their indulging in the throwing business but as it was there was not the least need for it. The scores were—Essendons, 8 goals (kicked by Rout 1. Steel 3. Hughes 2, and Power 2) and 17 behinds. to their oppo nents' 2 goals (kicked by O. Driffield and G. M. Evan) and 4 behinds. For the visitors Walker, McShane, Bishop, and Pitcher played good football, as also did F. Hamilton, F. Sharland, Driffield, and Skinner for the losers. 