Cije Wallatog Cimtg WALIiABOO, WEDNESDAY, APRIL. 18, 1883. Tira report of the Deputy SurveyorGeneral anent the Lake Eyre and Fort Augusta Canal scheme, is likely to banish all idea of carrying out such a work. However useful it might be in opening up the country, there are few who will be prepared to say that the colony would be justified in spending £37,000,000 in carrying it out. * It is said that the next jGazette will contain a proclamation calling Parliament together on the 31st May. We should imagine that the majority of the Ministers, whether they have brought up arrears of .work or not, will be in excellent health, if change of air, and jaunting, about. goes JS&r; anything. The Chief Secretary should be particularly robosfc. The Queensland Government has raised a storm in the Imperial Parliament, iii deciding to pnnex; the Island of: JSTew Guinea^ -and it is intended by some members to bring, pressure to bear upon _the British Government to induce them, to repudiate the action of the Queenalanders. . _ ; Thk trial of the Phosnix Park murderers is proceeding slowly ; nor do matters appear to go -smoothly. Several jurymen/ who doubtless are afraid of the consequences should the evidence compel them to bring in a verdict of guilty, have absented* them'selves, for which neglect they have been fined £100 each. The by-laws that have been adopted 1)y the Wallaroo Corporation, which will; be: the means of. enabling hawkers Ho-sell goods within the Corporation boundary, has, we learn, .given offence j;o seveiial persons, who take it that -the business men who are in the Town Council have taken a selfish view of the matter. Now, we feel sure5 that those who adopt , such an idea are very much mistaken, and we will have little trouble in proving this. In the first place we: may. mention that no member of the counpil engaged in business was on the committee appointed to frame the new bylaws. But there is still a stronger proof that may be adduced which shows that in order to prevent hawking in the town, there was no necessity to pass a new by-law. The general hawkers' licences now issued by the G-overnment make an Exception of Corporate towns, so that any persbn found selling goods in the town may be informed upTJn, and be liable to a fine of £10 ; so that actually the new by-law that has been framed is the only means by which hawkers can gain access to the town. It may seem hard to those who have ! been allowed to run "scot free" in the past to be now called upon to pay £2 2s a year before they can hawk their wares in the-town; but we hope, after the explanation offered, they will not.be ungenerous enough to blame the members of the Corporation for the action they have taken. Me Ebekezeb Ward has written to the Advertiser advocating a dilsolu- j tioa of Parliament, on the grounds i that the north is not . fully represent j d» and thateffect should be given to I the -new Constitutional Beform Bill of last year. * There may be a degree of reason in the latter; but to say that the north has suffered during last session for want of proper "representation, is to say that which is untrue. One is prepared to hear the vaporings of such men as Mr W. J. Venning, who are purely agitators, and who bear a strong likeness to the | | aboriginal of this colony—no matter what they receive, always asks for more. But one is bound to feel surprised at Mr Ward, who, whatever, | his .faults may be, is clear headed enough to understand that the present Ministry has granted more than-the farmers have asked, making such a statement as the following:—" J have I heard it stated as a reason why a I dissolution is unnecessary that the ' Government have promised to introduce a Land Bill conceding allthat , the farmers ask for. But what guari antes or even probability ig there that the present Parliament will pass ««eh a .Bill ? Mr Bray's policy is essentially one of promises, and it beari a strong likeness to the proverbial pie-crust. I would rather rely upon six additional votes in the House of Assembly." If Mr Ward is in earnest m his present advocacy of the farmers' interest, thai} he is guilty of base ingratitude when it is considered that less than two hundred of that class, have, within the past three months, received concessions to the amount of £200,000. There is another evil tji&t; will come of the ptesentagitation, a^d that is, it willraiie fm^htagonistic feeling between northern aj*d southern members, and as a consequence, instead of Parliament passing those measures that are calculated to ~ confer $ blessing upon the greatest number, the Ho use of Assembly will become a battle ground, South versus 3Sorth; and if heads are counted it will be understood that we are scarcely in a position to hold our own, even with the six additional members that will be given us under the new constitution. The Bible in State • School s' Society appear to be'making substantial progress • and of - ±Ke- very-largejjuunber who have shown a desire that the Bible should be read in schools are thoroughly sincere, there can be no doubt that it will be carried into effect. We have in the past opposed the movement on several grounds; | first, that under the present system of education the mode adopted now is the best,- seeing that all sects are placed on an equal footing, secondly, that if the persons who form the above Society are particularly anxious to have the Bible read, they can do it before the ordinary lessons begin, Our greatest objection, however, is the jitter incompetency, in every sense, of many e?pn of those who have passed successful examinations, to teach the Bible aB it. ought to be taught- In the last number of the Australasian,, too, there is Another view, as follows:—" There u one circumstance in connexion with the su^jjecfc of Bible teaching in «tate schools which. Its advocates should keep in view, and thatistbafc the great'"majority of the teachers would be stiroogly opposed to such a ;task being devolved upon their: shoiilclers. We do not mean that they entertain opinions hostile to the spirit of such teaching, or that they ^woulc^be at all reluctant to co-operate in .it by giving all facilities to clerical or lay volunteer teachers. But teachers would naturally object to-| be called upon to give teaching in matters of doctrine, which would sub-1 ject them to the criticism of all who chose to become their critics. And it is obvious that these would be a very jarge number, acd that the tone of criticism would be in danger at times of being somewhat' virulent. A state school teacher, who has written to the Aryus on the subject, asks, " What would be my position as head teacher of a large school if I were unable, let us say, to see any reference to the Trinity in the narrative of Abraham's interview with the angels, or any reference to Jesus of Nazareth in the so- called Messianic Psalms and prophecies. Should I not be hounded down as an infidel, and would not an I orthodox board of advice make my position too warm to be comfortable ?" He goes on. to ask of Mr A. Harper, as exponent of the views of the Bishop of Melbourne, ' When a teacher explains the Scripture narratives is he to say what he really believes about it without fear of persecution ?' It does not matter what answer may be given to the question. Everyone knows that a thankless, invidious, and, in some cases, .painful duty, would be cast upon the teachers, that they would undertake it very reluctantly, and that it would render them liable to the comments and judgments of every amateur and professional theologian. We do not say that all this constitutes an insuperable difficulty, but it is one which it is necessary to consider and keep in view." The following anent immigration, by "tAnglo-Australian" in the European Mail will be read with interest;—" Those who revel in correspondence extraordinary, who delight to declare the statistics of the Post Office on Valentine's Day, and who generally believe that secretarial duties are equaHy pleasant and eaey, should see the letters that flood the office of the Agents-General, especially in the case of South Australia. It is not simply that ever and anon there comes a press of applications from those who have Conceived that it -is their long-deferred mission to emigrate, hat the fact is, that every day there come in shoals of letters from all quarters of the United Kingdom, and from all sorts and conditions of men. The stream of applications never ebbs, and, whenever a Bank holiday occurs, it is enormously increased, as though a number of dissatisfied persons specially seleeted recreative seasons for drawing up elaborate petitions to the Agents General, who, in their estimation, can by a mere order whisk them off to a land of plentjr, peace, and progress. It is curious, too, bow certain trades and industries are represented to enormous excess over others, although by looking a little below the surface we may easily divine the determining reason. Thus, for example, Sir Arthur Blyth has had within a comparatively short time to reject' the offers of a thousand carpenters over and above such as were deemed to be in fair and reasonable proportion to the other handicraftsmen selected. No doubt it is known here that much building is being done in the colonies, bat the true explanation, doubtless, of this Uftly rush of carpenters—usually a well-to-do and remarkably thriving class of industrials— is to be fouqd in the excessive building in this country, the result of a series of speculative enterprises which closely approximate to commercial gambling. Trade moves in cycles, and in building matters we are reaching a point of extreme depression hence the desire of a host of; superfluous carpenters to emigrate. I fcnow tbat some of my friends take a one-sided and somewhat pessimist view of this fact that even some colonists appear to imagine that too many may seek to jostle their way to the great and lasting I banquet which is spread for all industrious and worthy comers beneath the Sout hern Orosg, This is, however, a very narrow and, iqdepd, a very inaccurate way \'ti which to regard this fagtrgrqwing national idea in England, that emigration Is now the one social panacea. The fact is_the country is oyer peopled, but productively, in respect to manufactures, greater and mightier than ever. Let these extra numbers—these' superfluous workers— i but swarm their way to the land of honey in the South, and bow soon will not they by a kind of refle? ggtion, to adopt the scientific phrasaoiogy of the day, be prpj ating just the demand now wanted for English manufactures. More even thao this, they will also aid and greatly expedite the work of developing still further the ngt'FP resources of the colonies, and thus it follows as a dirppt consequence that the people who, while here, were, a source of wretchedness to themselves and of anxiety and trouble to others, by transference to the colonies, made a treble gflqd, benefiting themselves, the colonies, and the very country whence they came. However, philosophising apart, there is no manner of doubt that just now there is an intense gagerness on the part of very many ■among Rg to go forth into fresh fields and pastures, and tbfi o£$ces of the AgentsGeneral, especially fpjr South ^.i^etralia i&d; New Zealand, in selecting ^tbejjest among the enormous crowds of importunate applicahts, is no easy one." ■JOBKE'S PeNINSUIiA BurtDtNG Socibtt.— The annual noting of the above society . takes place at 7.30, thia evening, in tfre offioes? Church street. tgwir cjjeek, Moonta.—At the meeting of the Koontft Tpwn Council on Monday night, Mr W. J. Phillips w*a appointed Jfotpn Clerk in place of Mr <3-. T; Orutcbstt who has retired* Wahaeoo Wesletak Chuboh.—The anniversary services of the shore church, vbich were to hare been celebrated on Sunday sect, fj^ye been postponed on account of the risit of Br Eelynapk to Kadina on the same day. Fbed W. Wrr.ttg—The above artist, who if highly spoken of by the press in the diatriats wfcore lj£ has appeared, willperform at Kadina this erening-j' wbei)ff}.e public will be treated to a raried entertainment, Unclad; iag exhibitions by the ''Australian Meccjbe.'» $£r MQlis's rentroqaial powers are said te 'te efanejcepf jpnally highorder; Db KEiTWAes.1—This pppularJectorer and preacher, of whom the- people oatfce sala cherish a very ,fondTemeinbr«noe,- will preach jn the Wesleyan Church, Kadina, on , Sunday morning.nejt? in aid of tbe Wesleyan Foreign Mission, bf which he ifi'et present general secretary. : —Mr Geo.-Jangdonhas ^ left at pai office two tpecimeng of Droit, • quince and pear, grown in bis garden. at Kadina.: The fruit ib vrell grown, and of \- excellent quality, the pear being exceptionally good. Mr Laugdom informs jib the trees were heavily loaded, so -4hat there can be no donbt that, at leaBt some parts of the Peninsnia is capable of growing as good fruit as the more favored parts of the sooth.. Criminal Sittings.—It will be remembered that last week the jury were unable to agree on a verdict in "the case of the man Williams, who was charged with criminally assaulting his daughter in January last. The result was a new trial yesterday, when Mr T. X. Pater, at the request of His Honor, Mr Justice Andrews, was retained for the defence. The prisoner was Acquitted. Sbbious Loss.4-Mr Gh W. Brown ' of jKulpara has just lost two valuable horses* -They were running in & paddock, part of which was beingjEOwn. _ Jhe seed was in an old house on the property, and the door being left open the horses got at the wheat and eat a quantity. Both died the following day although every remedy was applied. It would be well for persons during the sowing season to take warning from this, and be careful that their animals are not allowed to get near the seed wheat. Gbeat Nobthebn Sacks.—-The Glad stone correspondent of'the Hegister telegraphs as follows on Monday last:—" The horse Wallaroo arrived on Saturday night frstn Port Wallaroo. Experts consider him in the very best form. He was taken on to Mr Nilans's training track, which is thrown open to horses for the forthcoming meet, and his private gallops were Watched with interest. The loose boxes are all engaged here, and a namber of horses are expected to-day. • On Saturday the coursp looked.very hard. Never did it present such^a fiice appearance, being carpeted beautifully green." Concert.—In another column will be seen the • programme of - a promising concert ihat talrea place this evening n the Institute .Hall, Wallaroo, in connection with the anniversary of the Presbyterian -Church. In addition to oar local talent the Misses G-urner of Kadina tike part; and by special request Miss Iiittle Bodtnan, a little dot of four years, who took the Eadina public by fetorm a short time ago in her rendering of the " Charge of the Light Brigade," is to appear. The price has been made low sothat a treat is placed wilhni the reach s>( all classes. Oasxands NoeiS: School.—Owing to the strong feeling that has been expressed against. the site chosen by- the Government - for .a school on section 23, Tickera, instead of I Oak lands North, it was decided at the meeting of theBoud. of Advice on; "Monday last to ask the Minister of Education to return the memorials, and when they are received to convene a meeting of the Board, at which, oue representative from each of the parties who are in favor of 23 Tickera, and Oaklands respectively will be asked to attend the meeting of the Board. By this means the true worth of the memorials that hare bean sent in will be ascertained, and a satisfactory solution of the matter may be arrived at. Au8Iballait Geography in England.— The Adelaide correspondent of the UTarracoorte Herald, is responsible for the following :—" I do not know whether the following story of English ignorance of colonial geography has been served up in printer's ink or not. Early in the. fifties the Rev. J. Gordon was sent out l>y the Presbytery of Scotland to take charge of the Monnt Barker circuit, and his instructions were that he waB to preach there in the morning and eyening and at Melbourne in'the afternoon, and that he was to be provided with a horse as the distance wees beyond a walk. Wheat grown in the vicinity of the charming hills township took a gold medal at the London International Exhibition of 1852, and so it had an English reputation before the golden age dawned in Victoria." Me Owen Thomas.—This young gentleman, who has been for some years in the Goods Office oa Wallaroo railway, baB received a promotion to the poBt of assistant station master at Qaorn.- Mr Thomas' removal will be felt keenly by the Presbyterian Sabbath School, with which he has been connected from infancy, first as a scholar and latterly as a teacher. Time would not admit of any formal presentation, but on Tuesday last, the superintendent, Mr Jas. Malcolm, presented Mr Thomas, on the occasion of his departure, with a handsome bible and hymn book in the name- of the school. pgosbeoting foe coai at Cbystax, Bbook. —According *o the Areas Express " operations are still being continued at tbj^ shaft which ib. being sunk by the coal prospectors at Crystal Brook. The history of the undertaking lias been rather singular. After the men had got dowu thirty-jive feet sinking w%» $bapdoge4 in favour of boring. The. experiment was by no means encouraging. The borer could only get through two feet of mill-stone grit in as many months. The sinking has now been resumed, and the appearances are favourable. Besides some specimens of a substance like anthracite, calcareous clay and - rotten elate have been met with, and there now comes to the surface slag, which the manager avers is 'next door' to tt)p pqijl. \Ynier is giving some trouble in the shaft." Yield or ait Entibe Dairy—An American dairy farmer sends the. following results ofcareful weighing for a year, night and morning, of the milk from each of his cows- He says : Our largest yields were (7,415 pounds) from a Native si? year ft thoroughbred Ayrshire, Grace- ' 'arhng (7, §544 pounds). The*smallest yields were 4,864§ pounds *nd 3,864$ pounds, from a two year old Ayrshire and a^three year old native respectively. Theaverage yield of our herd of twpnfy two. cows As 5,620 pounds, or 2,638J quarts, fhp, poys yj9rp qa p&stare; and green fodder ■ (no grain) from May to October, and the remainder of the year were fed on bay and corn stalks, cut and wet, with from si* to eight gu/M# pf# jpi*tare of corn meal, wheat middlings #nd cottonseed meaL A Bod sob wth own Back.—At c ■ a saddler's Apprentice had promised marriage to the-schoolmaster's daughter. The father considered it necessary that the marriage fhojild take place-without unnecessary ^delay, but'the bridegroom fib-# managed to keep, out of his way. Catching «ght of hi* prowling about furtively near his premises, he»onp.ted a howf and liimftifflVfrfr 1—' After"» «uiai$ WP ho upj captured - huh, and looked the sohoolfaouse, Wfc»fc p*««d w^iiEWt^one will ever know, but within an ho^jL^dities were arranged, a cleigymao obtiUi^d,?- apassing swagman called in as a yitjjess.and the knot tied with the tongue which the teeth cjn't undo. The yonng saddler, who bad made a stockwhip &r; %e dominie, felt like that eagle which cleverly recognised-its own feathers eta the arrowthat rankled in'its breast, and repented that it ; hed^VeV given way to the Weakness of" moulting.—Mgles* \\. The Local Pheachek. and J.P.—A couutry correspondent tellfiTne (JEgles) that: be lives between a fervent local preacher and a justice of.the peace, who, though he dosen't go to church, lios fought his way successfully to the bench in his bailiwick. The days are so much alike in that quiet neighbourhood that both of these residents made the mistake of working on a Sunday, only finding out their error late in the afternoon, when the work was done. There was this distinction, however. The J.P. gave his men a holiday on the Monday, and the local preacher didn't. It was the wife of the latter who, when some one said that Thomas Caryle was dead, remarked, " Dear me! how the old colonists are dropping off." Australia's Bivai.s.—"It is certainly rather provoking (says " Anglo- Australian") to find that, in face oi the really splendid prospects that the Australian colonies offer to the energetic and the industrious amongst uf, so much should be said and'done for Canada, and other quarters, too, that are not to be compared with the Australian colonies. I was much struck, in turning the pages of quite a new guide to emigrants, lately published by a 'ending firm, that Canada and Soutb Africa are both pot before Australia ■ I know that both Canada and the Cape offer certain attractions, but neither can show such civilisation as is seen in the capitals of the principal Australian colonies. Just see how the lower type of emigrants thriye under the Southern Cross, whereas, as every observer knows, in Canada there is a vast amount of that which is squalid. Now, in regard, for example, to cereals, Australia is perhaps less prolific than Manitoba, where " if you tickle the soil with a hoe it laughs with a harvest," 'as Douglas Jerrold says, in his-clever paraphase from a Bplendid passage in the Psalms. But, if this be so, it remains still that in Australia there is infinitely more scope for yariety of industry ; and, after all wheat growing does not comprehend the entire political economy of young and vigorous communities." A New Cabtbidge.—An entirely novel cartridge haa recently been tried in America. According to the inventor, the cartridge will not heat the gun, it is seif-ejecting, has twice the propelling force of powder, and is muoh cheaper. It will also cost very much less than metallic cartridges of gunpowder and will not be injured by water. Its materials and mode of preparation are secrets but in appearance it is like paper pulp soaked in some explosive material, and press d into a hard roll. The bait is attached to the end of the roll, - and the whole thing leaves the gun together, on the sky-rocket principle. It may be adapted to any gun, and is to revolutionise the ordnance departments of the world. At the trial the inventor fired one of the ball-cartridges, into a spruce log 8 inches thick. The ball passed entirely through the Jog and a 2-inch plant behind it, and flattened against a stone wall. After firing twelve rounds out of the same gun, there was .no apparent heat and no fouling. \- &00K<jRtrnrEa.—The -laudable thirst for knowledge evinced by members of Parliament occasionally displays itself in eccentric excursions into the regions of the unknown. For instance, the hon. member for FoOtsgray demands a return of " the religious belief of convicts, lunatics, panpera, and civil servants." The association of the curled datlings of the Government service with criminals and maniacs will doubtless be gratifying to them and they may probably adopt some method of displaying their obligations to the hon. member who thus distinguishes them. Some persons may suppose that the religious belief of Bill Sykes iff'' not of a very pronounced character. His convictions are of quite another kind. And as for the demented unfortunates in the asylumns, what moral can possibly be deduced from their avowal of any of the isms embraced in the broad bosom of what is called Religion. The bringing together of civil servants and rogues in this way reminds one of the thinly disguised inferences intended in the examples in Cobbett's Grammar. As for instance. " House of Commons," '• Den.of Thieves—JEgles. Statistics of Agbic01iTtjbb in the United States.—Letters halve been received by the Council of the J&oyal; Agricultural Society from the Foreign Office, forwarding special reports issued by the United States Department of Agriculture, together with advance statements of the exports of domestic provisions, tallow, and dairy produce. The total exports for 1882, compared with those for 1881, may be thus summarised;—Fresh beef, 54,000,0001b. in 1882, against 97,000,0001b. in 1881; salted beef, 5,(M)0,000lb. in 1882, against £,000,0001b. in 1881, bacon, 314,000.0001b. against 550,000,0001b.; hams. 31,0000001b.- against 57,000,0001b.; lard, 232,000,0001b. against 310,000,0001b. ; pork, 66,000,0001b. -against: 94.000,0001b.; tallowj 39,000,0001b. against 69,000,0001b. ]- butter 7.000,0001b. against 21,000,0001b.; cheese, 103,000.0001b. against ! 140,000,0001b. The total values of. these exports are giran at 97,000,000dols. in 1882, compared with 133,000,000dols. in 1881.- > DrpnfEBiA. Qajtbed iy Injected Mnatv^-] Dr. Morell Mackenzie has favoured us' {British Medical Journal) ' with the S^jow. ing note of a severe but limited epidemic of diptheria, now raging at Hendon, vhich has been traced by himself- and Dr Cameron to the infection of the milk supply. Although in some previous epidemics a strong suspicion" his been entertained that milk was the vehicle of th« poison, the inquiries have been made eo lone after the occurrence that it has been difficult to amve at any certain result. In this instance, however, the facts appear to be conclusive. Fifteen persons were attacked on a single day, the disease in every case being a typical example of what French writers call diptherite (Vemblee. AU the patients received their milk from the same vendor, and no other case occurred among the comparatively l°rge. number supplied by other daiiymen. ft has bepn.discoyered thgt the purveyor of the tainted mQk washed his cans in water derived from a brook which contains# j|rgp atpcfunt of sewage matter. Mbs Langtby.—This is what "Broadbrim," the New York correspondent of the Kjapunda Herald, says about the " Jersey Lilf—It ^not -necessary to say tn«t the divine Englishwoman will be a success, not as. an actresB, but'oh my ! well, as I was going to sayS^-w^Jl jfjfo lS'-rsh? is—um—ah—oh, you should see her, you really should} oh my ! buttercups and daisies covered all over with honeydew, sweet-Btnelling sassafras, with mignonette and verbina, button hole boquets and marigolds, and all sorts of pretty and nice smelling; Jhings j that is: Mrs Iangtry. It is worth {something to look »t her picture; but to see the original, wellfive dollars is dirt cheap. It Is the highest economy to look at such a woman; for, six jgontbs after seeing .her Ibe yeiy thought of her would sweeten ypor t?a and make jrbu think an Irish potato was a plneapple er a bannana. What will become of the boys when she comes oat in short -dresses I don't know. It is not only the fellows, bat thel girls are crazy ; girls with arms like Sticks of sealing ^rax are waring tight fitting Jereies,* ^ the thinner they are the more they desire to ' •how their shape; for the strme reasoa-1 suppose that a particularly homely woman never wears a veil, and one exoeedinglypretty delights in hiding her face. • IiAEEiKtNiSM—There isat proagnt,;ln Wallaroo, a band of larrikiris th^t would do credit to little Burke street. Tliere ages range from fifteen to twenty- one. There are many ofLihem who are respectably connectedand doubtless look upon themselves as very proper young men. Whatever there employment may be during the day,- they seem- to have no better way of spending their evenings thnn by sitting at street corners smoking, and swearing and otherwise misconducting themselves. Afew evenings ago a number of them met a man who was the "worae of drink, and whilst some of their number urged him forward others held a rope across the street, and by this means the unfortunate fellow was thrown several times on the ground, and was fearfully bruised. After he took Tefuge in an old house, they suashed the door in, and showered etones through the window. Some time ago the public were annoyed bythe bands of idle fellows who used to congregate at the street corners after dark, bat the public took action in the matter, when one or two were made an example. of. The Same evil is fast developing again, and we hope the authorities will take the necessary steps to pat an end to it. Pabticbxab in D etuis.—The following is told by a member of a northern Board of Advice, and we can roach for its accuracy. Oar informant says:—I often think it a pity that Charles Dickens could not be introduced to one of our board meetings, on n day when some thirty or forty mothers (the fathers seldom have the pluck to come) appear to show reason why their little ones hare not attended school the required number of days for the previosB quarter. The author of Pickwiok would have material provided for another interesting work, in which the ailments which children are heir to would occupy a very large spaoe. The minate way in which these and numerous other matters are laid before the members of the board, who nre expected to look serious, would do credit to a proficient in law and medicine. To show how very particular some are, however, I may mentioa that oa one occasion a fond mother in showing the necessity there was for her to keep her oldest girl at home to assist in the house, stated that she had fire children aged as follows:—Four years, three years, two yean, one year, and the jouogcat six months, old. . | Peayihs foe Rain.—"Old Brusher" in the J!fount Barker Courier contributes.- the following.-—" A writer in the Christian Colonist professes to be astonished because rain bas lately fallen in large quantities, although the churches hare not- publicly' prayed for it. " Like as a father pitieth bis children bo the lord pitieth ..the,m that fear Him," is good gcripjture, aod-.an ^earthly, parent does not require to be expressly asked before conferring a gift upon those' who are either ignorant or careless concerning what is good for them. The limitation of the Divine goodness which is attempted by such men as the writer in question is on ail fours withbis own straitened intelligence doubtless, bnt it certainly is not in accordance with the teaching of the Great JBook. I have been accused of irreverence with; regard to Holy things, but surely there is more injustice done to religion by such statements as that which I have quoted than by the familiar use of some Scripture passages. Not many years ago one of the Christian Colonist, leaders against the prevalent habit of smoking wound up -with the query " How can the Holy Ghost dwell in a breast that is saturated with tobacco smoke ?" so that its editor at least should be the last to find fault with Jesser offenders against reverence and good taste." "no. Owe" and his Gang.—Mr S. Thomkinson, M.P., sends the following letter to the Advertiser :—" After reading the Argus article in your issue of the 11th I am dis-: appointed with the measure introduced into;, the House of Commons on the 9th inst. bySir W. Ybtboq Sarcourt for the repiession: of crime by explosives. Long terms of im-; pnsonment have no terrors for miscreants. They are never carried out. Michael Davitt was sentenced to 15 years in 1870 for inoiting to assassination, and yet was released in 1880 by Mr Gladstone's Government, Sir W Vernon Harcourt being Home Secretary ; since when Davitt haB been their Netnises. When men seek to kill or maim their fellowcreatures, or to destroy propertys reckless whether they may cause death or suffering, surely- the law ought not to be too nice as to the mode of reprisal. The demons in human form who in tj^nld malignity determine to slay I and *uni (disserve the gallows, or the lash. or a dose of dynamite. But Sir Vernon Harcourt, who is constantly guarded. by detectives, and whose wife is xecipient of in« fected clothes, merely gets a Bill passed for a *ham term ofioqjtfs&Mfifot.;' ' If he as Home Secretary, with t Jfewm ; Gladstone and "fca& done 'their duty to the country when !tfiejrcame' into office, instead of pOrsuing a coarse of miserable ^vacillation,. I am of opinion that Mr Burke, IiOrd IT. Cavendish, the lady who was shot in her carriage, the Joyce family, and perhaps-..the poor Huddys would have been alive now. The spcech of Mr W. E. Foreter, reported in the Times, ~Eebruary 23, fully warrants my belief." _ ! Libel Case.—Frederick Harvie Linklater, barrister, and WiUUm Barjjet, proprietor of the Qawler Sunyip, were charged by Moss Samuel Solomon with publishing a libellous article in the G-awler Btinyip of March 23. Mr Wadey for the prosecution, Mr Smith with Mr Mathews for the defence. The, defamatory article complained of was as follows,''in an article headed "Town Talk," by Pelts:—" Some considerable time ago, not in the day# when pipactical opera- boniEs was all the rage at the ■ Theatre Boyal, and legs and champagne used occasionally to he in a glorious state of mix behind the acenes,a daring but tight-fisted son of Abraham came to the laudable determination of ' shewing shometings for nodings * ma tar.' With this end ia riew the gentleman in question, after some little exertion and no small expenditure of finger nails,. obtained an aiiy and advantageous position on the roof, of Mr M»cdonald's #^bling,~ frqm yhiph vantage ground hebadan uninterrupted vi^w iofatl$gi nodiiped^wliidoir of the room whepein certain undraped young ladieSiTwe^e ^in the habit of nocturnally draping themselves. Longi earnestly, and wistfully didlie gaEe'on the pic* ture> which pet J^ight, gntjUn sijtUs^HTed momentftbMtbefT|pii^|3:upli|ted^ hisvoire in a minor key athiBfilbow 1 Tho • attracted the attentum of • wm thaaneunlly nndraped mymph, sad « terrific'Scream announced to the hopeless intruder that' his dazzlingsfcirt front aad glitterpg .^iamontL studs had been'-* spotted/ - "Vainly -he - strove* to make hi* way to terra firmal TJnnerred and gasping he hong by ; waterspontMnd 6ngisr in whic.b perilous pasitian . he was re^^ed'iy "tlie stage manager and fpllfirt/'inan. Sut life troubiee bad only beguh. The enraged Dianas claimed their vietim.vand Wad.him tool They took "him to their WMein^rxoom, and having plentifully be^priffied )Am with dirty ■ water, daftly applie^fheirre'ady powder puffs, aud when tliat unfappy wight arrived at the paternal mansion tiie old man raised his eyes and his hands and.exclaimed, " Holy Moses ! ish dut a glioit or u rolling—pin. . . ' , Now, you would kardly-creuiit.it, hut ihic young-gentle: _ man is a motnb.-r of the Artillery Force of South<A.uslraliaj and lie is. just about to be promoted to the rank of commissioned officer, and to mix with gentlemen.' Of course, after the shore narrative every oiie will know what for." A large Amount of evidence was adduced on both side*, and at the conclusion, Mr Linklator was committed for .trial, bail bi'ing "allowed-" 