THE AUSTRALIAN fääbm & (&imvdx;$ |f mmral SYDNEY, SATURDAY, OCT. 6, 1883. The Children of the State. IN spite of the rapid strides this colony is making in material wealth and intellectual attainments there appears, as if for a sting of the flesh to wound our self esteem, a corresponding increase in vice and poverty which we find it impossible to get rid of. One would think that in the present high price of all kinds of labour, which is likely to continue till long after the youngest of the present generation has found a final eaithly rest- ing place, parents, if actuated by no higher motive, would do all in their power to put their offspring in tho way of earning a living. Their own intensity of selfishness, it would be supposed, would prompt them to do that, as they would thereby share in the fruits of their children's toil, but in far too many cases compared with the number of our small community this sacred and imperative duty is entirely neglected, and thousands of chil- dren who should be brought np under the parents' eye in the way of becoming worthy members of society and good citizens are utterly neglected and thrown upon the care of the State to inaice the best use it can of such unpromising ma- terials. If to these wo add those whose natural protectors have been snatched untimely away hy the hand of death, the number of helpless children thrown into the hands of the State for Bupport and education forms no inconsiderable portion of our entire population. There are many, and upon tho whole perhaps not ill-conducted in- stitutions for the reception and care of Buch social waifs and strays, but few, if any of them have filled the great want for orphan, destitute, or deserted children, the want of a home. The idea of providing a substituto for a homo for those who from whatever cause have been de- prived of the inestimable, and in many respects, irremediable loss of that focus whence springs most that is estimable in the moral world is not a new one. The celebrated FjELi»TSNBEHa,a philan- thropist of the purest and most elevated type, founded on his estate at Hofwyl, in the canton of Byrne, an establishment for the instruc- tion of children of the poor, under his own eye, in agriculture and the general branchos of edu- cation, to fit them for their duties as men in after life ; and the legacy of charity and benevolence' which he bequeathed to mankind is still carried on as a State institution. This plan is un- doubtedly to some extent a troublesome one, as constant and vigilant superintendence, not only to oversee the children and to have a care that tneir duties aro properly performed, and to take a personal interest in their pursuits, entails an amount of trouble that few would bo willing to undergo. It would have been well for the interests of the poorer classes of society if this system, adapted to different circumstances and nations, had been generally adopted here j but among the British race the pauper system was profeired. BUMBLE, as personified in DICEENS'S " Oliver Twist," was the ruling power-beadledom the principle upon which the union, workhouse, and the orphanage were governed ; and we, to save ourselveB trouble, have transplanted and endeavoured to acclimatise the same thing here. In England these institutions are managed by boards of guardians, and mutatis mutandis boards of directors perform that function among our- selves. An immense sum of money is annually spent in this colony on orphanages and other public institutions, but is a careful and searching examination ever made into the mode of its ex- penditure, and whether it is carefully and econo- mically, with proper regard to efficiency, laid out to the best advantage ? Ii the truth must be told, wo have a suspicion that all is not well in the management of such institutions, that the personal advantage of tome of those concerned in their management, and who regularly and punctually attend board meetings, comes first, and the care of those who are chiefly concerned comes afterwards. There is a strong and increasing conviction that the office of director in a public institution is too often made an instrument by which an apparently benevolent and disinterested member of a board is enabled to push himself forward, whether poli- tically or in other respects. It is not long since the board of directors of the Randwick Asylum rose up in arms against what they designated the illegal attempt to take any of the children away from that asylum and place them under the control of the committee for the relief of destitute children, to be boarded out under the regulations of that department. What was at the bottom of this determined hostility to the rights and intentions of tho Government ? One would think that the good of tho children would be, as it certainly ought to be, the prime consi- deration in Buch cases ; but whether it was so at Randwick is a question which might be discussed. Hero is an establishment that costs annually a very large sum, which comes out of the public purse ; are the public quite convinced that they have the full value for their money ? Apart from the' stereotyped meetings of the board, is any independent, efficient, and searching** investigation made into the condition and con- ducting of the asylum ? Whit is the educational status of the children dcrúeiled there ?-their t sanitary condition ? How are they fitted for " future life ? "What be.oii..^ of them after they. leave the institution P If v,e raia ember rightly, the cost of maintenance for e.ich child at Rand- wick amounts to something like .£26 per annum, and to tim niudt be added the interest derivable from the immensely valuable property on which the institution is situ ited, and this , would make the affair a very cosLly one indeed. Probably the cost for each child at Randwick amounts to little (if any) less than ¿£30 per ' annum, and for this considerable sum the results should be excecdingl}'- satisfactory, and wo hope they are so. But, how is it that the management of Randwick co§ts such au exorbitant price, while " that of the State Children's Relief Board is only about half as much, allowing for interest on value of property to be added to cost of main- tenance ? We learn from the last monthly report of that Board that the annual cost of en cb child under its control is only ÜLL 16s load. Suiely the public, out of whoso purse the money comes, have a right to be informed how this great difference in cost arises. As to the condition of the children under the direction of the relief board, we have precise information that 15 of them who attend the Catholic school at Goulburn are well cared for. in the homes where they are boarded, and that they attend school regularly. We have good reason to assume that this is no exception to the general rulo, and that the whole of the children under tho boarding-out system aro equally well provided for, and aro content in their new homes. Without doubt the directors of the old charitable institutions will stick as long as they can to the power and patvonago they have so long enjoyed, and not give up the ghost without a hard struggle ; but the days of their existence are numbered, and the time has arrived when chil- dren deprived, from whatever cause, of the ten- derness of parental care, must he provided with at leaßfc the substitute for a home, and not herded together, as they are now, in barracks. ._M_. . # 