THE CORONATION OF THE CZAR. From the English papers which arrived yesterday in tho mail steamer Pekln we ex-, trnct the following account of tho festivities in connection with the coronation of the Czar EN ROUTE TO MOSCOW. A correspondent, describing the journey from St. Petersburg to Moscow, remarks that when ho left the northern capital it looked brighter and giyor than it had for many months past. It wus tho birthday of tho Czarewitch, tho heir to tbo( throno of All tho Unssias, and the streets wore hang with flags in honor of tho occa sion. Moreover, tho harbor had just been reoponcd for navigation, and after its long winter sleep tho Neva was once raoro alive with sailing . vessels . and steamers pouring forth the rich produce of the south and west into the lap of tho empress of the north; thoir long lines of colored bunting adding to tho' brilliancy of the scene. The sun, too, seemed anxious to make up for lost time, add shone brightly, as if rejoicing nt his. victory over King Ffost. There wns, however, moro than ono indication that thi9 was something oyer and . above an -ordinary holiday. The crowds that filled the streets: were not composed merely of idlers. On all sides people wcro hurrying about with preoccupied faces, and evidently having no: timo tosparo. Thnro seemed, too, to bo an in crease upon tbo usual contingent of foreigners, and . towards evening the Novsky Prospect wu3 crowded with hotel omnibuses, and later with cabs and carriages, all making tbo best of their way to the Moscow railway station. In- short, the exodus from the now .capital to tbe old had commenced, and St. Petersburg, if unable to participate in tho glories of tho coronation, at least enjoyed tho scunty consolation of being enlivened by the depar ture of tbe Court and tbo Upper Thousand and those foreign guests who had made it a temporary resting place on the way to tbe city of the Czars. So great was the demand on the rolling stock of the Nicholas Railway that it was no cosy tnsk to get to Moscow at all, and many persons who had failed to obtain tickets before-' hand were loft behind altogether. . .The train, started punctually enough,- in- spite of tho inde scribable bustle, and confusion, to wbioh . thio, different' nationalities of tfco passengers chiefly, contributed. On; the line between the old and the now capitals there are no towns, which is owing to tho fact that Nicholas, that- most , superb of autocrats, marked out its course with his pen fn a straight Jiue from St. Petersburg to Moscow. Handsome buildings have, however, been erected at the various stations to suppiy.thc wants of travellers, and at Luban most of the passengers got out to take some refreshment, the majority favoring tea, which is the national beverage. . When night came on it was, necessary, to make some arrangements for sleeping. In the morning we woke up to find that wo had passed from a region where tbe buds were only just peeping forth to a country rich in all the fresh greenery of spring, nnd so far east that our watches were already 20 minutes late. The crowd assembled to recoive us nt Moscow wns, if anything; greater than that which saw us off at St. Petersburg, but tho streets presented much their usual appearance. Thero wus not a houso In tho city but wa9 decked with flags, tho national colors— white, blue and red, or white, orango and black, in horizontal stripes— being the most prominont, .is by a recent edict foreign flags may only be displayed from buildings occupied by ambassadors or con-, 8uls. The Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh, ac companied by Lords Clan.wilham und Wolseley,. attended by Colonel Clarke and Sir Edward Thornton, reached Moscow on 21st .May and drove at onco to the Kremlin, and shortly alter to tbo Petroffsky Palace. THE STATE ENTRY INTO MOSCOW, Preparations on a colossal scale and of n most elaborate character had been made by the au thorities in order to ensure the successful pro gress from beginning to end of tho-solemn ontry of their Imperial Majesties, tbe Emporor und Empress of All the Russias, into the ancient capital of their dominions on 22nd May. As early as - eight o'clock almost the entire population of Moscow, the majority in their holiday clothing, seemed to be afoot; and tbe con course of rapidly-driviug droshkics was, of courre, prodigious ; hut as each quarter of an hour passed it bccarao' more and more apparent that the authorities were vigorously determined to, keep clear tho entire line of procession from the Tver Gate along the Tverskaia, which is four English iniles in length, to the Kremlin. At ono o'clock precisely the booming of cannon nunounccd that the Czar und Czarina and their escort had left the Petroffsky Palace, and the troops lin ing the route were called to attention.' At a quarter-past two another salvo-' of artillery announced that their Imperial Majesties had journeyed from the Petroffsky Palace to the Tver Gate, and had entered' the city of Moscow. From' this timo until tbe ap pearance of the head of the procession there were but few intervals between the roaring of cannon, thundering forth of anthems and patriotic hymns by tbe 300 musicians and choristers, nnd jang ling of innumerable bells in aU the catnpanuea of this exceptionally campnnological Kremlin. THE PROCESSION. ' ' It was at a few minutes after three that tbe head of the Imperial procession came in Bight of tho spectators at the ramparts. The route'/or .a long distance was cncrimsoncd by tho glowing red masses of the uniforms of the Czar's body- guard, mounted on black chargers. These suporb horsemen were succeeded by two squadrons of dragoons of -tbe' Pskoff regi ment, bearing on their equipments < the cypher of her Imperial Majesty tbe Czarina. Then camcagrcat bulkof Cossacksof the Don, their garb red, thoir Jaticcs of tbe same ensanguined, hue. The Don Cossacks were followed .by a numerous and glittering. calvacade of representa tives of the Asiatic races subject to Russia. The quaint picturesquoncss of these Oriental cbiof- tains almost beggars description, nnd makes bankrupt all I'lanch'3 Cuclopadia of Costume.. There were caftans of cloth of gold, of silver, satin, silk, velvet nnd plush of every color under the rainbow. There wcro doublets and robes brocaded.. There were the Hilts and scabbards of scimitars, the bolsters of pistols, the housings and chamfrons and very bridle? and. stirrups of horses, thickly encrusted with diamonds, emeralds and rubies. There wascmbroidery of seed pearl, and embroidery simulating flowers exquisitely worked in rich stuffs. There were damascened breast plates and bucklers, and silken sashes stuck full of handjurs, daggers and pistols. But par ticularly striking was tho amazing variety of headdresses worn by tho Baschkirs and Oural Cossacks. A towering kalpack of snowy white Inmbswool, n turban of tho prccisb shape, dimensions, and cplor of a huge melon, ; And a kind of Phrygian cap, glisten ing with brilliants and rubies, will not. readily bo effaced from my memory,- After the Orientals came tho representa tives of the nobility of Moscow, headed by their marshal, aud then a senator in scarlet,, mounted ,on a somewhat fiery steed. The vtiUta' de cour, or court lacqueys, -followed, walking two and two, an imposing band, fully 100 strong, in dark green Hvory couts dedizencd with , gold, crimson plush nether garments; golden garters and white hose. Then came a cluster of negroes . in fantastic costnmcs. who are styled Arabs of the Household. They were succeeded by two bodies of tho Imperial huntsmen, one headod by the Grand Ecuyer, and the other by the Grand Vencur. Then carue ,tho Grand Master of Ceremonies in a highly carved and gilt chariot of .antique fashion, drawn by two white horses ; then Gentlemen of the Chamber, in their richly laced uniform, includ ing the feather-edged cocked hat that costs 2000 roubles, pranced by on mettlesome steeds, clear ing the way for the Archmastcr of Ceremonies, Count Pahlen, in n close double-seated carriage, one mass of gold ornament and drawn by six coal- black horses. A number of gilded coaches fol lowed, leading up to the immediate personal, escort of tbe Emperor, tbe far-fumed Chevalier Guards, in their 'white tunics, shining cuirasses and silver casques surmounted by the effigy in gold of the double-beaded eagle with outspread wings. A detachment of Gardes h Cberai lol- : lowed the Chevalier Guards, and then, alone nnd well in . front of his- numerous and splendidly caparisoned staff, rode' bis Imperial . Majesty Alexander III., Czar of All the Russias. The apparel of Alexander Alexandreivich was, con sidering Lis exalted rank, simplicity itself. He wore," over tho uniform of a General. Officer, the broad blue ribbon of St. Andrew, -and upon bis" head a scfaapkn' or low busby of black Astracban. He was mountod on -a white charger, and looked every inch an emperor, waving, his right hand repeatedly in acknowledg ment of 'the thunderous acclamations with which ho was greeted by tbo vast and enthusiastic mul titude. As for tho great company of Grand. Dnkea,. Generals, Aides-de-Cump,. and exalted military 'functionaries who followed in the wake oi the Czar, the exigencies of tbe telegrapK wire deny the opportunity of describing the splen dor ; of their attire and tbe multiplicity of fheir 'decorptions. Her Imperial Majesty tbe Czarina followed her. illustrious con sort in a low bung, large wheeled, heavy' axled cburiot, one muss ot gold, and bo quaintly old-fas hioned in its form that no very great stretch of imagination was needed to f&Tor; the idea that tbe vehicle had been presented by our Queen Anne to a Russian Czarina. The Empress's car riage was surrounded by the gorgeously-clad Cossacks of tbe Household and by Imperial pages - in blue velvet apd white-plumed casques. The chariot itself was drawn by emht magnificent horses.' An immense cortege of carriages with bix and. four horses followed, conveying female member of tbo Imperial family and dames and demoisttUs d'honnevr virtually without number. The Czar dismounted and entered tbo Cbapel o! the Tverian Virgin, before entering the Kremlin. It was cu.rious to watch the Chevalier Guards reverently doffing their glittering helmets us tbey passed under tbo arch, of tho holy -gate of the Kremlin; This, says the. correspondent; was all he-was enabled to see from. the;top of a wall, of a pageant which; in point of miHtary yastucss nnd sumptuary magnificence, could flcarcely "be equalled in. any couniry.in'. Europe, ' and which- .certainly, could not b'e 'Bur- passed in any country 'In the wori j. The only pleasurable feature which the - procession lacked was sunshino, and that .came, prevokingly enough, when the show was at an end and tbo Czar and Czarina were safe in the Kremlin. THE CEREMONY DURING THE PROGRESS O y THE PROCESSION. At tbe entrance to the city their Majesties were received by tbo municipal authorities, and further on by the representatives of tbe Zcmstvo of Moscow. At the Place Tverskaia a deputation of boyards was In attendance, and presented a loyal address to his Majesty, who returned a most gracious reply. At the Gate of tho Rosur- rcctiou tho Emperor recsivod tho rospccts of an- othor group of officials, and again spoke a few ap propriate words in response. His Majesty thoo dismounted, and tho Empress alighted from her carriage, and both knelt and fervently prayod for some moments beforo tbo shrine of Our Lady of Tvor, ono specially venerated in Russia.1 These devotions concluded, tho procession resumed its wny. 1 Near tho church of St. Saviour tho Commandant of Moscow und bis offi cers were in waiting ; and noar tho Cathedral of the Assumption their Mnjcstios received the hoidnso of tho Scnuto. As oacb church was passed the clergy omcrged from its portals bear ing crosses and holy icons. At tho red stairtruso their Mftjestiesnlightcd and went into tbe Cathe dral of the Assumption, where a solemn To; Deitm was sung, in thanksgiving for their shfo and happy entry into theic capital. The choir then tang tho hymn for Palm Sunday, and the fact of their MuiestiOs' entry into tho cathe dral was announced by a s&luto; of 85 guns. After prostrating themselves beforo tho sacred icons tbe Imperial pair wcro conducted by tho Metropolitan Joannikine to tho Cathedral of the Archangel Michael, where repose tbe remains of so many Czars. Hero thoir Majesties were re ceived by the Metropolitan of Tver, and thence conducted to tho Cathedral of the Annunciation, where nil Imperial baptisms and marriogc9 wcro formerly celebrated. At this edifice they wero received by tbo Court Almoner. Prayers- of thanksgiving wcro offered up in each cathedral. Theso various and complicated ceremonies necessarily consumed a cpnsiucrablo amount of time, audit was therefore just upon hulf-past four when their Majesties entered tbo Paincc of tho Kremlin, where they were received by tho clergy with crosses and holy water, and were presented by tho Court officials with bread and salt on a silver gilt plate. This was the final ceremony. CONSECRATION OF THE BANNER OF THE EMPIRE. The lending feature of the prpgraramo on 21th May wns the solemn consecration of tbe Banner of theEmpiro, which 19 renewod upon the occa sion of tbo accession of eacb new Monarch to tho throne of Russia, previous to the eorotiutiou. Tho ceremony took pluce in tho Throne or Trophy room in tho Oranjeivayn Palace, which, answers to tho Tower of London. Tho State rceulia . are kept together with u largo collection of arms, and armour of all decripticns and of all ages. , Here uro the por traits of the Russian Sovereigns, here an antique State carriage of exquisite workmanship, to gether with trophies taken in almost every war in which Russia has been engaged in her march of conquest of her neighbors during many centuries. The ceremony was appointed to take place nt noon, and punctually at that hour tho Emperor, with the Empress on his arm, en tered tho apartment and took up his station opposite to tho banner, which hung- from a staff, supported by a smull tripod stand, in the centre of tho room. As upon tho occasion of his State entry, the Emperor woro the uniform of a Russian general, with the rib bon of Saint Andrew, which may be considered tbe Bpecial Drier of tho Imperial Family. Priuce Menschikoff and Count Mussin Pushkin were in charge of the emblem of Imperial sovereignty. The material of this banner is cloth of gold, with n heavy fringe of the samo metal. It bears the double- headed eagle in black, rising above a green wreathof luurclnndoak branches. On theotbcrBide, surronnded by the arms of tho various kingdoms, Grand Duchies, Principnlitiesand Provinces, arc set forth the Imperial titles, a long scroll of names and dignities. The consecration service was per formed by Archbishop Bajanoff, and was a solemn and impressive one. Its effect wns heightened by the charming singing oi the large choir par- mancntly kept upas part of the paraphernalia of tho Court. Tho Archbishop, in a short and very spirited and earnest address, or prayer, ex pressed a hope that under their new banner God would confound the enemies of Russia, and bring victory nnd success to her people. THE CEREMONY IN THE CATHEDRAL. Alexander III., who sncceeded -his father more than two years ugo on thd Throne of All the Russias, has at lust bc-n crowned nod anointed sovereign of tho vast empire which owns his sway. On tho morning of the 27th May, in tho presence of his imperial relations, of his court, of deputies' of his p« ople, and representatives of the states and kingdoms of tho world, civilised nnd semi-barbarous, he assumed the Impe rial Crown, and was anointed with holy oil, thus confirming and consecrating in the eyes of his myriad subjects the righteousness of bis rule and the sanctity of his pcrson.' The scene was ono of such extraordinary iuipres- nivoneSs and brilliancy that one almost despairs of being able to convey even a faint reflection of its glories. Perhaps the utmpst that can be said, is tu&t; it was fully worthy of tho occasion of the assumption of autocrntio power by &n; absolute ruler of eighty millions of people. Moscow was very active by daybreak, and at a very early hour every spot opon to the public from which a glimpse could Ic obtained was thickly packed with spectators. Fortunately the line which the procession was to follow was a long one, as, al though tbo Emperor and Empress wero in tbo palace in tbo Kremlin, and had but a short distance to go to tho cathedral, tbe procession started at tho.Cavairy Barracks, 4 miles distant. A great body of heraldic officials, mounted on gorgeously trapped horses, rode out to the bar racks, and a loud flourish of- trumpets was sounded. Tho gates were opened and the officer in command received from tho herald the Czar's order to follow them with his regiment. This he did ; tho heralds t\ext visited tbe barracks of tbe .Lancers, and then guing round the town were joined by tho University, clergy, judges, governors, prefects, officers, guilds and deputations, swelling gradually until it gained tbe v&st; proportions which it had assumed when it reached the Kremlin. Every where throughout tho city a profuso display of flags, banners, drapery, and devices, all of the national colors, met tbo eye, but these were thickest along the line ot the procession, where every window was crowded,, every inch of stand ing «rooni occupied. The" troops were in their places at six. o'clock, and at eight o'clock tho spectators of the ceremony began to assomble at the Cathedral of the Assumption. The special Ambassadors and members of the Diplomatic Body assembled at the resi dence of the German Ambassador, and thence proceeded in State carriages. The Emperor, who wore the while uniform of a colonel of the Im perial Guard, and the Empresss, who was habited in a Russian costume richly ombroidered with diamonds, joined the procession in front of the Pulace and took their places under a splendid canopy carried - by 32 generals. Those who had beeu fortunate enough to obtain tickets for. the ceremony inside the cathedral began to arrive nt its doors at half-past seven. 1 The tickets were necessarily limited in number, the space within the cathedral available for spectators being'very small. Even the invitations to the members of the Diplomatic Corps were restricted, and the foreign Princes were accompanied by only a por tion of their suites. The Diplomatic Body ar rived together, having assembled at the German Embassy, and being taken thence in State car riages. By huif-pa9t eight tbe Cathedral was filled by all the officials and nobles of highest rank and station in Russia, with the oxception of those who formed part of the Imperial procession. The appearance of the interior wns magnificent. The Eikonostusis, glittering with gold, formed a background to tbe picture. In the centre, be tween, the four great columns, was the scarlet canop5'» with its double-headed eagle and its em blazoning plumes, black, yellow and white. Under this stood tue throne, an J before it a table for tho regalia. Every space on tho fioofofthe Cathedral, save that occupied by tho Imperial tombs; was crowded with an assembly bril liant in uniforms of every color ; while the clergy in their gorgeous robes, extending in a double line from the dais to thecntrance. presented not the leAst striking portion of tne scene. The ceremony commenced by the chanting of tbe Te Deum by the choir. Then therc was a move ment upon the part of clergy towards the door, where tbey recoived the Czarewitch, with whom came the Grand Dukes and Duchesses, the Foreign Princes, and many ladies of «the Court. The Czarewitch, with the Grand Dukes, took up bis position to the right of tbe dais. After .a short1 time the roaring of cannon and the deep cheering of the mighty crowd without proclaimed that tbe Imperial procession was4 on its way. On their arrival at tho Cathedral their Majesties were, addressed by theMetrepolitan of Moscow, whileauotherprelate held the cross for them to kiss, and tbey wcro- sprinkled with holy water. They were then;led to the throne, which had been placed on a dais under the great cupola, from which was suspended a canopy of scarlet velvet. After a short service the- . Metropolitans of Novogorod and Kieff ascended the dais and invested the Emperor with tbo ermine mantle, and subsequeutly the crown, the sceptre and globe were presented to him. Next ho called the Empress, who knelt before him and received from him 'her -crown, and was invested with the Imperial mantle. The Emperor, giving- his sword to an official, then went up to tbo imperial Gates, followed by the Empress, nnd, standing there on a carpet of cloth of gold, was anointed by tbe Metropolitan with the sacred ungent on the forehead, eyelids, nostrils, lips, ears, breast and arms, with tbe words, 41 The seal of the gift of tbe Holy Ghost/' A second Archbishop wiped each spot as it was touched with cotton wool. The Empress was then anointed in the same way us bur husband, but on the forehead only. Tbe brush used for this purpose was set in gold crusted with pre cious stones, the vessel holding the unguent being made of the same rich materials. His Majesty then returned to the Imperial Gates, where the Empress communicated in tho ordinary way, after which the Imperial couple resumed their thrones. Tho prayer for long life and health, with its triple -refrain, resounded once more, and tbe clergy and all those present .went up in order, and - congratulated their Majesties on the completioiifOrthe ceremony -tof corona tion. , Jhe procession . then - reformed"- in "the same order in- which -it . enterod the church, -and ; ;ondo its. . ..way -to . .tfje . jieiehb'˚ .Cathedral of tbe Archangel, where the Emperor and Empress kissed' theoretics and ©ikons, and did reverench at tbe tombs, of the Bussing sovereigns." In. the same way they visited the. Cathedral of the Annunciation, also in the' Kremlin, the Etnpdrcjr. crowned and adorned with tbe Imperial purple, having the sceptre in his right hand and the orb in bis left. Whilst he was engaged in his devotions the regatia were held by the attending officials. After concluding thoir religions dution the Emperor and Empress returned to tbe palace, accompanied by the pro cession as before. On tho steps tho Czar turnod and bowed an acknowledgment of the onthusi- astic cheers of tho spectator?. THE IMPERIAL MANIFESTO. Immediately after the ceremony of thecoro-' nation tho Imperial manifesto was, in accord ance with custom, issued. Its prcamblo runs as follows By v the grnco of God, wc, Alox ander, Emperor and nutocrat of all tbe Russias, j Czar of Poland, Grand- Duke of Finland, Ac., having, by the will of God. assumed tho crownof our Imperial ancestor, and having beon anointed with the sacred oil, give thanks to God with onr whole heart, by whoso decree we fulfil this holy rite, bequeathed us by our 'forefathers, and equally dear to ourselves and to &U; true sons .'of Russia. May the grclit Ruler of king3 and. of kingdoms bless the day-and the hour wherein before His presence wo repeated the -solemn vow of the Imperial calling mn the spot sanctified from old time by the faith ffnd prayers ot thp' wholo Russian hind I. May His Omnipotent Spirit sup- . port the power of our; Sovereignty and ondow us . with wisdow.and strength for tho pacification of . nil. troubles, for tljo maintenance of order and: justice, andfortheonlightmont oftho peopletotbe truth of religion, forthuconSrmation in even class . of obedience to duty and to the law, the preser-. ration of t(ie rights aud privileges' of aU men,, and of the general nccurity, aud for the in creased prosperity and glory of oar beloved Fatherland. Being desirous, on- this holy and solemn day, to bend our merciful glances upon aU our subjects, we now, in accordance with tho in- : most dictates of our lroart, turn towards those who are specially in want or oppressed— to those who, owing to insufficient moans, the result of misfortune or circumstances beyond thoir own 1 control, nro not in a position to fulfil all their obligations towards the. State ; .nor do we exclude from our Imperial clemency those who, darkening . their lives by crimes or misdeeds, did so through misunderstanding -or carelessness, ' or having fallen into more serious offences, atone for them by bearing the puniehmcnt by law allotted with meekness and Submission, thereby meriting par don, or at least somo nlloviution of their lot/' Tho body, of the Manifesto is divided into sixteen articles, of which tho.firht.six deal with arrears of fees, dues and. taxes, fines, petty deficits, &c.;, which are for the mont part romiUed/as'aro tbe . punishments involved by non-payment up to the ; day of. coronation. The list is as varied and : extensive as.might bo supposed in su.ch an Em pire so vast and with a population so hetero geneous. The relief is very substantial oq tbe whole nnd affects millions of tho poorest classes in the'Erapire. THE CORONATION CROWN. The crown which the Czar wore at the corona ation was the chef d'auvrc of tho celebrated, jeweller Jcremio Panzie, a Genevcse, whose skill wnseqrcat as to obtain for him the appoint ment of Court jeweller, under Catherine II. He made the . crown in question for hor coronation. The sceptre has also a his tory. ' It, too, ' was mauo by a Genovese, ono Duval, and is ornamented with tbo famous -diamond called Orlotf, which weighs about 195 carats. This, with tbo Kohinoor, formed tbe eyes of tbe massive golden lion couched near the throne of the Great Mogul at Delhi.. The price paid for this superb stone be fore it was cut, by Princo Orloff, was 450, OOP roubles, but its value, as estimated by a com mittee of jewellers jn 1804, is ovor 2,000,000 . roubles. This 9ceptre was made by order of Paul I. of Russia. THE ILLUMINATIONS. Tho city was illuminated during three consecu tive nights. Tho expenses for tho illuminations, which wcro . valued at a fabulous sum, wero sustained in part by the municipal commission of the coronation festivities, and in part by tho Ad ministration of tho Imperial Palace. The muni- cipul commission organised tho illumination of the place surrounding tbe Kremlin, which was converted into a public promenade. Tbe squares were illuminated by colossal gay stars and eagles. An elegant pavilion was erected on tbeArbate square, and illuminated by thousands and thousands of colored lamps. Tbo effect vtas very fantastic. A colossal transparency, reprosonting an allegorical subject, was placed at the bottom of tho Pretchistensky Boulevard, one of tbe finest streets in Moscow. v The transparency placed in the. Rouge 8quare represented the monument of Minin∧ Pojursky. The illuminations orga nised by tho municipality represented all the Russian national cMorc, ind cost tho municipality 20,000 roubles. The Imperial Adiniuistration undertook .tho illumination of the Kremlin and : its ramparts, the Cathedral of Basilius, and a part of the Sophia Embanktnrnt. Tho illumi nations were to a great extent made by olcctric .'lights. All the buildings of the Kremlin were covered with. ligbts.\qf rurious colors, arranged in arehitectural'dosiens.. Eight electric stars of tho power of .40,000 candles euoli were placed at- the top. of the Kremlin tower. The effect was said to.be amazing. One of these clcctricstars pro jected. its. light, on the . Kurmo?kvoretchie. Tho correspondent of a morning contemporary, in describing the illuminations, says : — "I have seen many groat illuminations, tho most beauti ful. hithorfco being-that of Constantinople on tho occasion of the Sultan's birthday, but none to compare with that of Moscow ; and, indeed, tho illuminations of other European capitals, with the jet devices nnd bright glare of gas, lack alto getber tbe soft and - fairy-like effect of the Oriental display given in Moscow." 