LIT'TTLE LIZ. rWh'eithio Vitoiriani, gold.fever as at its height, people were mad with excitement. Rther more nor less. .Iwuas as mad as.the terslthou-h'I-came "to the colony from California, which was suffering from the same kindoflfevor, and which was pretty mad, todiniti way. But Victoria beat it hollow; for one reason, perhaps, because there was ..more of it. The strange sights I saw and " the atrange stories I could tell, if I knew hon to do' it; would fill a dozen books. In my tinie I have lived all sorts of lives and have worked with all sorts of mates, picked up in a rough.and-tumble kind of ,way, which was about the only:way:then that mates picked op each other. One day you did not know -the man that the next day you were hob-ate .nob with. ' I had some strange mates, asou r may'ees, but the stranst I ever worke "with, and the one I liked more than all the *others put together, wa Bill Trickett. Bill was as thin a as lath and as tall as a may: . pos,e-atna- ad"tiOm t-the colony under a cloud. I don't mean by that that he had done anything wrong at home, and was sent out at the expense of the Government, like a heap of others I mated with; but he was obliged' to run away from England for a reason I did not know when I picked him up, but w~hich I learnt afterwards. He had brought his wife out with him-a poor, weak, delicate. creature, who died soon after he landed, leaving behind her a baby, a little girl, - the only child they had. This child Bill left wth some people in Melbourne; and came on to the gold-diggings to try his * luck. I was working at the time in Deiad dog Gully, near Forest Creek.' which was just then discovered, and Bill and me came together as mates. A better one, to do his' share of the work and a little bit over, I should be unreasonable to wish for. I never had anything to. complain of. On the con tru.y. He never shirked his work, seeming * to. like it more than anything else in' the , world. .And once, when I was laid up with' .colonial fever-some of you have had" a touch of it, I daresay, arnd know how it pulls 'i tan down--he norsed me with the tender nessof a winomanand ~wrked the claim without. a murmir.' Those are. things one doesn't easily forget. Soon after Igot well our claim was worked out, iand we had to look elsewhere for another; for every inch of Dead-dog was taken up. Iremember welt the night we parted. We werieiitting in our tent, Bill and me, with our gold before as rand our revolvers at:full cock on the table.: :We-had to look out pretty sharp in those days, mates. Many's the man whohas been robbed and disposed. of, without any one being the wiser; many's the man that has been murdered, and 'thrown down deserted shafts. Queer things were done on the' diggings during the irst fit of the fever, that human tongue will never speak of. Murder will out, they say; that isn't quite true. I've seen some sights that make me shiver to think of, the secret of which will only be !nowni on the Day of Judgment. Well, we were sitting there, with oar gold before us. .Our claim had been a rich one, and we had three hundred ounces to divide, after all our sprees-and we had a few, I can tell you. " Tom," said Bill, as he sat looking at the gold, "if I had had as much money as that when I was' in the old country, I should .never have come out to the gold-fields, and my dear wife would not have died." "That's more than you can nay for a cer tainty," I answered. "Not a bit of it," he said; "my wife would have been alive, and we should have been liviisg, happily together. I'll tell you how it was. I was a contractor in a small way at hoine, and had lots of up-hill work, for I couunenced with nothing. While I was courting Lirie, an old hunks of a money lenderwanted to marrymy girL She had a nice time of, it, poor lass with her father on one aide trying to persuade her to marry the old hunks, and me on the other, begging her to be faithful to me. But I had no need to do that! "Therewas only one way out of the difficulty; 'we ran away,-and got mar ried -without their knowing We were as happy as. the days were long, and should have remuined so, but for the old money lending thief. To spite me for taking the girl from him, be bought up all my debts about -three hundred pounds worth-and almost drove me mad. And one morning I caught the villain in the act of insulting my Liz. I didn't show him any mer y; I beat him till he was sore, and then I kicked him S-- ti ouesok orirot ire t-?'f fii debt, aiid:I had'to.ron for my liberty. He sold ie up, root and branch, and turned my wife into the streets, and we came teoether to Liverpool where Lizzie was conbned. I tried hard to get work, but couldn't : star vation or the workhouse was before us. All my chances at home were gone, and there was nothing for it but emigration. I shipped before the mast, and a friend assisted me to pay- Lizzie' passage in the steerage. A fortnight after we were onut at sea, she told me that the doctor who attended her in hbr confinement had said that a long sea voyage would probably be the death of her. His words came true; she.died within the year. So, you see if I had had my share of that gold at hidme,h could have paid that damned old scoundiel,'and mywife would not have died. I wantto get aheap of gold, and go home and uhc hhimo .I should die contented then:"' - Hed rose, and walked. up and down the tent,' ch migtha man.who, he believed, had klUe&his;? wafe, - "It tell you.what, Tom," he said, after a bit.,'I shall-tramp to Mlelbourne to see my little daughter, and then I.shill go prospect ing. There are places, I'll stake my life, where the gold can be got in lumps, and I mean to find them out I dreamt the other night'that I came upon. it in the rock, and that Ihad to obt it out.with a chiseL" I didn't like the idea of losing my mate, and I'did my best to persuade him not to go; bhu Imight as well have talked to a lamp post. So we divided the gold, shook handu, and the next morning he started on the tramp to Melbourne. I didn't see or hear anything of him for a good many months after this; and somehow or other, -when I lost him I lost my luck. Every shaft I bottomed turned out a dulfer. I dould hardly earn tucker. I worked in Jaekans Gully, Donkey-woman's Gully, Peg leg, Starvation Point, Choke'm Gully, Dead home Gully, and at last made my way to Murdering Flat-nice, sociable names! pretty well down on my luck. I had been s Murdering Flat three weeks, and was sitting alone in my tent one night, reckon ing up things. In those three weeks I hadn't made half-an-ounce of gold, and there wash't 'two pennyweights in my mateh-bor -no that I did't feel over amiable. That day I had beei particularly unlucky, having made ibnt' three grains of gold, which I flung away in a raoe. I was just thinking whether I mightn a just as well go to the gr6g-shanty, and have a drink-it was past nine "clock at night--when who should walk straight into my tent but my old mate, Bill:. I scarcely knew him at first; for he had let his hair growr all over his face, and he was almost covered with it, up to his eyes and down to his breast. "Bill!" I cried, jumping up. "oYes, it's me, Tom,'" he said. "Are you alonel" "Yes, Bill." "Stop here, then, till I come back, and don't letanybody in bhut me." He went oat, and returned in about ten ming wth a bean iful littlsgir4 lsnhis arms "Hush 1" he said, stepping softly. "Speak low. She's asleep." She wasn't above six yearsold ; but she was so pretty, and looked so like a little angel-suoch as I never expected to see under my roof-that I fell in love with her at once. Of course I was a bit surprised when he brought her in, and he couldn't help eobesrv ing it as he laid her carefullnjupon my stretcher. ".This is my little girl, Tom," he said, answering my look. "If . ever go to heaven, I shall have her to thank for it She is my good angel." " Where are you come from ?" I asked, after we had covered the pretty fairy with a blanket. He looked cautiously round, as though he feaed some one was in hiding, and then sitting opposite me at the table, rested his chin on his hands, and said in a whisper. S"I've found it, Tom I" There was such an awful glare in his eyes that I felt quite scared as I asked him what it was he had found. "I've found the place where the gold comes from," he said, in the same sort of hoarse whisper. "I am on it. Tom II knew I should find it at last Look here." First going to the door, to see that no one could get in without warning.~ he pulled from his breast-pocket a nugget of pure gold that must have weighed near upon seventy ounces, and five or six others, from fifteen to twenty ounces each., Lord! how. my heart beat as I handled them, and how I wished I could drop acrosa some of the same kidney I don't know how it is with you, mate; but although I don't believe I value the gold much when I've got.it, there's no.pleasur in life so great to me as coming suddenly upon a rich: patch. I think the sight o bright shining gold at the bottom of I dark ahaft is one of the prettiest in the world. "Is that good enough for you ?" he asked as he put the nuggeta back into his pocket. I laughed. "Any more where they came from, Bill ! "More than you could carry." I stare at him, believing he had gone, mad. " It' true. How are you doing?" "I can't make tucker, Bill. . My luck' dead out.".' "'It's dead in now,'" said he; "'I're om to put fifty ounces a day into your. pocket. What do you say • Will you go mates witt me. again ?" That was a nice question, wasn't it, topu ,to a hard-.up digger, without an ounce: gold in his.matchbox? "Will I, old fellow " I cried. "Will not! When shall we start?" ' "Stop a minute, Tom," he said gravely "I've something to say to you first. want you for a mate again, and shall be glau to have you ; but we've got to strike a bar gain. You see my little girl there !" I nodded. "She is the blood of my heart! I aE r like a plant, Tom, which would wither if de prived of God Almighty's blessed dew. Sh Is my dew. If anything was to happen t ! her I should wither, and rot, and die. want you for my mate, because I believe yo i to be honest and true. And I am going t show you a.place where the gold grows place which, of my own free will, I woul Snot show to another man in the world. have hunted it and tracked it, never heedin t the danger I have run. But do you know ` Tom, that since I have had my little pe I with me"--and he laid his hand, 0, a I gently upon her cheek!-" all my reckless neess and courage seem to have gone clea out of me. " For at is her life I am living now not my own ! And I think what will be come of her if I die before my time-if should slip down a shaft, or it should tumble I in upon me, or I should fall ill of a fever, o anything of that sort should happeq to m that would deprive her of a protector. Thee thoughts haunt me day and night, and pre sentiments come over me sometimes that fi me with fears I can't express. Now, Tom listen to me. The place I am going to tak you to will make you rich. If we can kee it to ourselves for a few months-(thoug there is another in the secret, but he won' peach, for his own sake)-we shall get a least five thousand ounces-perhaps doubl as much: there's no telling whether w shan't drop across a mountain of gold. Nowe lay your hand upon your heart, and swes, by all you hold dearest that if anythin should happen to me, you will take care o my little darling, and be a second father t her when I am gone !" I bent over the dear little one's face-] can feel her sweet breath again upon ms ,cheek-and kissed her. She stirred .i--h" 'That kiai r a sacrament, Bill. By at that's holy, I will be a second father to you 'little girl, should she need me. So help me, God I" He took my hand, and the big tears rolled down his beard. It was full five minute before he was calm enough to speak. "Now I'll tell you all about it. You re member my leaving you to go to Melbourne after we had worked out our claim ir. Dead dog Gully. Well, when I got there, I found that my little girl was not being well treated The people she was living with had taken t. drink, and had neglected her. And rny hear grew to her so-I can see my Lizzie's face i here-that I made up my mind .never t leave her again. So, yhen I was ready t start, I brought her away with :me, and we've travelled together, since that time, ] don't know how many hundreds of miles." "How in the world did you manage it? I asked, in wonder. "The little thing couldn't walk !" "And if she could," he answered, "de you think I would have let her blister he pretty feet! My darling I Manage it, Tom Sometimes I carried her, and I got her odd lifts, now and then, upon drays and wagons going our way. There was never a drayman or a wagoner that refused to give my little girl a ride, and that wasn't sorry to part with her-good luck to them I Why, some of them came miles out of ther way for her sake, and would never take anything for it but a kiss from her pretty lipse ! And dI you know, Tom," he said, "she saved ma from the bushrngers once. We were in the Black Forest, and they were on me before I knew where I was. We had just finished tea, and I was stooping over the log-fire to get a light for my pipe, so that my little girl was hidden from them at first I turnedi, with my heart in my mouth-not for my. self, Tom; for her-and looked at them. There were four of them, splendidly mounted, dressed in red serge shirts and bright silk sashes. ' Stand I' they cried, levelling their revolvers at me; 'stand, for your life I' Well, ney girl jur.ps up. and runs to my side and takes hold of my hand. They were dumb.founded. 'Well, I'm dan ned!' said one, under his breath ; and then in a louder tone, 'is that yours, mate!' 'Yes,' I aswered, looking into their facet for pity. Upon that, they put up their pisto.s, and one of the men got off his horse, and tame close to us. 'Don't be frightened, little one,' Ihe said. 'I'm not frightened.' lisped my pet, playing with the fringe of his red silk sash. 'I'm not going to harm her, mate,' he said to me; and he knelt before my darling, and put her pretty hands on his eyes and kissed them again and again. 'If 'every man hadl an angel like this by his side,' heosaid softly. 'it would be the better for him.' Then be took off his sasb, and tied it round my girl's w ldst; and I had to lift her up to the other men to kiss them. That being done, they wished me goted.night, and rode off. That was a lucky escape, wasn't it? However, after a time I found I couldn't get along as quickly as I wanted, and bestdes, when I was on the .track of the gold I've dia~:ovecred, I i bdto trivel thrqgh country where I didn't, meet wiih dra~s or-wagons. o I bought a c wheelbarrow.' .. . " A wheelbarrow I" Icried, more and more so rprised. a "Yes, Tom," he said, with a comicallook; r . a wheelbarrow ; and I put my little darling in, it, and.wheel hertwherever I want to go. (.Well, td get along wtlh imy story, I came one /dayto theplace where I'm working now, and yi where want iiyou to join me. Directly I saw it, I knew the gold was there, and I put up my tent. , Before the week was out, I had a a. hundred ounces. I went to a cattle.station about twelve miles off, and bought a stock of provisions. Then I set to work in earnest. The whole place is agreat gold.bed; wherever a you dig, it peeps up at you with its bright eyes. There's plenty of quartz on the hills, e and you can't search five minutes,without Sfinding it. At the top there's more quartz s than gold ; deep down, I'll lay my life there's more gold than quartz. I worked by myself in this gully for four weeks, making about a a hundred ounces a week. when one day, as I ,t was panning out the gold in the creek bard by, I saw a man looking at me. He had d .wandered by accident to the place, and had tf discovered me. working. My mind was made w up in a minute. I took him for my mate, so that the secret might be kept, and we worked e together till the day before yesterday." S " What has become of him, then " I d asked. y "Oh, he's there still, getting gold, but not o so much as he might if he was one of the rt right sort. For 1 know a gully that's worth I a dozen of the one we've been working in, I and I don't intend that he shall put a pick in it it. No, Tom, that's for. you and me. ' d haven't parted from him without good reason. ' My little darling never liked him from the y first, and would never let him.kiss her. Then if there's Rhadamnathus- " a "Rhadamanthus I" es "Don't be scared, Tom. It's oily a dog, that was given to me by a drunken scholar or rather, given to Lizzie in the bush-on the condition that we were always to call him Rhadamanthus-which we do, though at firs !' it was a jawbreaker. Then, as I say, there's d Rbadamanthus.' He won't let this mate of 'a mine that was come near him i; snnps at him; snarls like the very devil if he tries 's to pat him on the head. That's a kind of instinct I believe in. And Lizzie's is a kind is of instinct that I'd stake salvation on. But ti I put up with the fellow till a week ago. ii He wanted Lizzie to kiss him, and she wouldn't. He tried to force her, and I came t upon them when she was struggling in his of arms, screaming out to me for help. I helped her-and helped him, to the soundest j thrashing he ever made acquaintance with. I broke with him then and there, and came y away in search of you, pretty certain I should I be able to find you. You're pretty well a known. Tom." "And Rhada---" " Manthus. Out with it, Tom I It'll come as easy as butter soon." S "Where is he " e " Outside in the bush, a couple of hundred se yards away, keeping watch over the wheel. tc barrow. I want to start right :away; we'll have to be careful that we're not followed." "I'm ready this minute, Bill," I said, to' ll leave the tent up; it'll keep off suspi cion." I wasn't long getting ready, and Bill, lift ing his little girl from the bed, held her, ag still asleep, tenderly to his breast, and led the way into the bush, where Rhadamanthus and the wheelbarrow were waiting for as. Rhadamanthus, the raggedest dog that ever breathed, with the most disgraceful tail mn that ever wagged, fixed his eyes upon me in a kind of way that said, "Now, what sort ofat e.a chap are you ?' We laid pretty little Lie i in the wheelbarrow, making her snug, and le covering her up warm. Her face, as she lay orj asleep in the wheelbarrow, had a curious tei effect upon me. Made me choke a bit, as se I'm doing now. When she was snugly tucked e. in, I kissed her, and a sweet and new feel. ill ing crept into my heart as once more, she , smiled at my kiss. "It's a trick of hers," said 'Bill; "she p always smiles in her sleep when any one ;h kisses her that she likes. God bless you, It Tom I" at "All right, mate," said L le' Rhadamanthus sidled up to me, and licked s my hand. We travelled the whole of that night ar taking it in turns to wheel little Liz, who slept soundly all the time. Rhadamanthu, o trudged along by our side, watching his to child mistress with true affection in his eyes. It was a beautiful star-lit night and every. -I thing about us was quiet and peaceful. The scenes through which we passel were full ol ,Iran e _ ti t.mtg . _-h . .hiJ,; . Ra,.ý vyý4ý°t- l a raca?es eye Now il and again in the distance we saw a camp-lire .r burning, with the diggers lying around it; and occasionally we heard the tin-line of bells on the necks of bors, s who stumbled ,d absut with hobbles on hceir feet, while their a drivers were sleeping between the shaftts of the wagons, walled round with canvas, on e beds of dry leaves. We kept out of the track of men as much as we could, and met with 1 no obstacles on the road that we did not d easily overcome. We had to lift the wheel. 1\. barrow over fallen logs sometimes, and once to over a creek, and we did it gently, without it disturbing ourlittleone. That walk through n the solemn and lovely woods was to me very :o much like a prayer. When we made our to way through the tall, straight trees of silver. d bark- when I looked up at the wonderful brightness of the heavens, which filled the woods with lovely light, among which the !n shadows played like living things- when g upon a distant hill I saw a flock of sheep asleep, with the moon shining clear upon a them-and when I gazed at the peaceful and r beautiful face of the child asleep in the barrow-I could scarcely believe that it was d not all a dream. The remembrance of that is night's tramp has never left me, and its n lessons remain. Too often, mates, do we s walk through life, blind to the signs. 't During the day we camped, and took it in e turns to sleep, and on the third night we r came to the end of our journey. We bad t had three or four hours' heavy up hill work, o ut I didn't feel tired a bit. My body was o as Igiht as my heart. "Overr that range, Tom," said Billt, "and I we're there." It was the steepest of .alL the:ranges, and took us a time gettingto the top, and then, looking down, I saw a great natural basin, shut in by high hills. iYou would have thought there was no outlet from it, unless you climbed over the hills which surrounded it; but when you get down. you discovered a number of artful little turns and windings. which led to gullies and smaller basins which you could not discern from the heights. We had to wake little Liz, as there was some danger wheeling the barrow down so steep an incline. She jumped out quite bright, and let me carry her some distance. If she had been my own child, I could not have felt more tender towards her. Presently Bill pointed out his tent, and said he should not wonder if his old mate were sleeping in it Sure enoughit, when we were within six yards of the tent, he rushed out with a revolver in his hand, and fired at Ilthadamanthus, who had sprung at him the moment he made his appearance. "Liedown, Rhad I" cried Bill, pushing the dog away with his foot; "and you, Ted, drop that revolver, or I'll wring your neck for you I" Almost on the words, Bill leaped at the fellow, wrestled the revolver from his hand, and seunt him spinning a dozen yards away. It was not done a moment too soon, for I believe he was about to fire on as. He was a desperate-looking fellow was Teddy the Tyler. A white.faced, whitelivered, flat. flotd bully. I hard. some, queer stories about him afterwards. "You murdering villain, you I" mid Bill, as Teddy the Tyler rose from the ground with an evil look, and tightened his belt. " Do you know you might have shot my little girl... " Little Liz was clinging to her father tremb. ling in every limb. "A good job if I had," muttered Teddythe Tyler. Bill strode quickly up to. him, and seizing him by the collar, forced him to the ground by dint of sheer muscular strength. S"If ever again. you raise your hand,'! he said, between his clenched teeth,." against me, or my little girl,' or, my mate, or my dog I -if you so much .as lift your finger against them, say good-bye to the world. I'll break rour infernal back. for you,as sure as-the Lord's in heaven I" S "What do you bring-loafers into the gully f for?' growled Teddy. I "That's my busines," answered Bill. ""I I discovered this place, and I've. a right 'to I bring a friend. This is my. mate now. Call I him.a loafer again, and III knock your ugly I teeth down your throat;- keep a civil tongue in your head, and I'll not interfere with you. [I make you a present of: this gully, every 1 inch of it."' Teddy's face.brightened. ? I know where there's.a:richer one-ah, .you may stare, butyou'll not put your foot in it I To-morrow I-shall take my. tent away, and t you can work here by yourself till you rot, if Syou like. I don't, think.you're. fool enough t5 o get the.place rushed, for that would.put an,end to your little game. Pick upo the r revolver., Tom,, and:stick it in.your- belt. 1 It's mine.. And .throw.ot of the tent every. thing that belongs to the thief." - , eI carried his blankets and clothes out to him, and threw.themat his-.eot. "There's something else in there belong ing to me," h said. " My neckerchief." I found it and flaug it to him. A bright. \- coloured.neckerchief, which he slang about e his neck, sailor fashion. The light of the a moon shone upon it, and I noticed partica. t larly- the combination of bright colours ii a which it was woven. I f As he gathered up- his things he had a t parting word to say, and he spit it out with foam about his lips, like the hound he f was. d "I'll make this the worst night's work I you have ever done I You shall cry blood . for the way you've served me I By this, and e this, I swear it 1" e He wiped the foam from his monuth, and, i flicking it to the ground with a snap of his I fingers, walked slowly away. It We took no further notice of him, but i. putting the chain on Rhadamanthus, we e went into the tent, and lay down till morn. d n?1 e were up with the lark, and out. As we passed along the gully, I noticed that Teddy the Tyler had put up a sort of mimi, e and that he was asleep under it. "Now then, Tom, 'aaid my mate, "I'll show you something that will open your d eyes. That fool there knows nothing about I. it. I discovered the place three weeks ago, II and held my tongue, having my doubts of him." I. Coming to the end of the gally we walked i- over a pretty considerable rise in the land, Bill leading the way, through more than one \- heavy clump of timber on the other side. r, We might have walked half a mile through ie thick clusters of trees, when Bill clapped his d hand upon my eyes, and told me to close them. We might have walked a hundred it yards further, when he took his hand away, ii saying we were there. It was a strange. n looking spot, completely hidden by wood. if growth; a piece of land that appeared to 0 have been scooped out of the hills, in the d exact shape of a saddle. y "Look around you," said Bill; "see the s hills, every one of them, shelving down into is this hollow. Look at the veins of quarts, d auriferous every bit of it, all running dowr I. to one point. Here's a piece of the stone' ie -picking it up-"with gold in it; here'l another, with more gold it. That's evidence e Now take your fossicking knife, and dig up e some of the earth at the trunk of that tree s, with the large spreading roots. Dig into the roots. I thought as much. You can see the gold in it without spectacles. The stuf d there'll yield an ounce to the tin dish. Whe is the gold just at that spot? Because ii t. has slid down the heights with the rains, o and the roots of that tree have caught some is of it in its descent, and held it fast in cre is vices. This hollow beneath us contains al '. the gold that has been washed for ages of r- these golden hills, and it is all ours-all ours 0 every ounce of it!" ie waso n thn around, A showing .e proof of his enory in snal, ...r Y. that hao lug Out lhere ??al kthere. "Tom, kneel down here by my side, *e and Ill tell you why I worship it." le held it in the palm of his hand, and gazed f with glowing eyes upon it. "I see this edn. d cating her; I see this making her fit to ir hold her own with the best lady in the land i if I see it bring smiles to her lips, roses to her n cheeks; I see her doing good with it; I see k her, the light of my days, removed from the b hard trials that make life so sad to many; I it see life-long joy and happiness in it for my c pretty Liz, my pretty, pretty Liz !" S lIe let the gold fall to the ground, and hid t his face in his hands. I understood then h how perpect love can be. Y We returned to the old gully, and carried r away our tent and all that belonged to us. Before night we had our fireplace built, and I our tent axed in a spot where it would be e secure from floods. The next day we set to e work. Bill was a true prophet. The hollow was P heavy with gold. We did not find a regular gntter of it, though Bill said if we sank deep we should be sure to come upon one; but e within a few feet of the surface, and some s times almost on the surface, we lighted upon t rich pockets of gold. Talk of jewellers' a shops I This dirty hollow took the shine out eof all of them. And as day after day went away, and our bags of olid got heavier and r heavier, we laid plans for the future. Ve e were to go home and buy a farm; Liz was to I be educated and grow into a beautiful young woman and get married, and we were all to Slive together and take care of the children how the little one laughed when we came to this part of the story : for we spoke freely before her;-it was all settled and sure to I come true. Those five weeks that we lived together were the happiest of my life. Liz was like a star in our tent, and made every thing bright and beautiful. We all worship. ped her-Bill, me, and Rhadamanthus,-and lived in her, so to speak. The tricks she played, the stories she had to tell, the dis. coveries she made, gladdened the days, and drew our hearts closer and closer to her. One day she saw a rock exactly the shape of a goat's face and beard, and we had to go with her and christen it, " Goat's Rock ;" another day she picked up a beautiful crystal, which she declared was a charm tokeep everything bad away; another day she found a new kind of wild-flower, which she prattled over in the quaintest and prettiest fashion; an other day she discovered that Rhadamanthus was a fairy who had changed himself into a dog to take care of her. The faithful, ragged beast ! She announced the amazing discovery to him in the mast impressive manner, kneeling before him, and putting his paws on her shoulders, the while he looked into her face, and blinked in confirmation. A baize partition separated thecomnpartment inwhich she slept from ours, and one night, when I heard her before going to bed, lisping her prayer that Godl would bless dear father and dear Tom and Rhad, my thoughts auent back to the time when I, too, prayed before I went to sleep. On Sundays we would take a walk, and Bill, in the evening, would read a chapter from a Bible he had-which him, nor me, nor Rhlad, wouldever have thought Sbatfo ourdear little angel. Those-Sun Sdays, with Bill, and the little girl, and the ragged, faithful -dog, are never out of my mmind. I wish I had always spent my Sun day in the same way. During this time we had only seen Teddy the 'Tyler'irice 'About?i fortnight after we started working. he strolled upon us.. A tin dish with nearly a pound of gold in it wias lying on the ground, and he throw a wofully covetous look at it. He had his pick and ashovel hanging over his shodlder, and iwalk log post us he struck his pick in the ground, and-tucked up his shirtseleeves. " B'lill, following him, took the. pick and shovel, and pitched them a dozen yards off.' 'I told you you shouldn't come inrto this gully," he said. . . "It's- as much mine as yours," replied Teddy the Tyler. "I mean to fightfor it, mate, at all events." - "That's fairly spoken," said-Bill. "Fight you shall, and if you lick me we'll give you this gully, and get another. Tom, come and see fair play." .' To it they went. But Teddy might as well have stood up against a rock as against my mate. "Bill'was the atrongest man I ever knew, and he gave Teddy such an awful thrashing that: he threw up hli arms in less than a quarter of an hour. ' "Had enough, mate?" asked Bill. Teddy shouldered his pick, and walked away without a word, throwing a devil's look behind him as hoe went. " - \- -' He'd murder tlie lot of us, Bill," I said, " if we gave him a chance." I "Daresay," said Bill; "we won't give it to him." In eleven weeks we got eleven hundred ounces of gold; and then a thing happned that makes my blood turn cold to speak of. I started one night to get a sto' k of provi asions. - We used to start in the night so that we oshouldn't be 'discovered, and when we made our appearance at the-cattle.station early in the morning for meat and floir,the people th-re didn't suspect, we had been walking all the previousunight. Iwas pretty well the whole day getting back, for I had to be cautious, to prevent being followed. S-Within half a mile of our gully I met Bill, with a ghost's face on him, and looking as if he had gone mad in my absence. Running towards me. he said wildly: I "Tom, for God's sake, answer me quickly. I Have you seen Lizzie 1" "Not since last night,"I said, with a very uncomfortable feeling at Bill's wild "She's lost I She's lost 1" he screamed. " ' Lost l" "I've been hunting for her all the day. O, my pet, my darling I if I don't find you. may the world be burned, and all that's in I was almost as mad as he was, for you know I loved the little thing as if she were my own daughter. "Keep cool, Bill," I said, as quietly as I could, though I felt my words trembling with the trembling of my lips; "if we want to do any good, we musn't lose our wits." "I know, I know I" he said, beating his hands together; "but what am I to do I what am I to do?" "When did you miss her?" e" This mornoing. I got up at daylight, and left her sleeping m her crib. She was asleep, and I kissed her before I went out. I shall never kiss heragain! I shall never kiss her a again I O, my pet, my pet I" And he broke into a passionate fit of sob bing. Itwas awful to see. I waited till he was a bit calmer, and then I told him to go on. "I came backto breakfast, and she was gone; and Rhad was off his chain, and gone too. I've been hunting for her all the day. 0, God I tell me where she. is." " I am glad the dog is with her," I said. S"How long is it since you have been at the ¢ tent!" "Not an hour ago. But all this talking won't bring her back. Let's go on searching for her. Perhaps she has climbed over the ranges, and is lost in the bush beyond." "She could never do it. Bill; she hasn't strength enough, the dear little thing, te walk to the top of these hills Now, Bill, I am cooler than you are, and I intend to keel cool. Although I'd give my legs and arm, rather than any hurt should come to our pretty darling"-I had to hold myself tight in here, to keep myself from breaking dow -" I'm not going to let my feelings run awaa with me. If I am to help you, I must know I everything. Lrt us go back to the tent, and start from there. Here's my hand, Bill; I'll search for our darling till I drop." Slie grasped rny hand, and we ran to ou, 3 f.-.. TL.. C-fL:.o..-6 I-. -no eaiuut the dog's chain. It had been unlocked in thc usual way, and the key was lying on the I table. "That's plain proof," I said, "that Lis herself let him loose, and took him out with her. Had she all her things on?" '" Yes : her hat and mantle were gone, and also a little basket she used to take with her, to fill with wild flowers." "You see," I said, "she went out flower. gathering. Now, which way did she go ?" Naturally, I considered, she would take I the roadshe knew best-the one that led to the gully Bill first worked in. There was a creek on the rooa, pretty deep in parts, and I the dreadful idea struck me that she might have fallen in. All this time Bill was be. having in the wildest manner. He took every little thing that belonged to her, and kissed them ag tin and again. He called her by name, as it she could hear him; cried to his dead wife, as if she were standing before him; and altogether was about as useless as sa man couldwellbe. Then, taking a chamois. leather bag filled with gold, he threow it on the ground, screaming: " To the devil with all the gold I Devil gold ! devil gold I why did I come here and lose my pet for you ! 0, Lord, take all the gold, and give me back my child !" "Come along, Bill."I said, without ap pearing to heed his ravings, for that, I knew, was the best way ; "I amgoing to the.creek to look for her." "She hasn't fallen in," he cried. !'How do you know she has fallenin! It's not true. My pet is not drowned. No,.nol" "I don't-say she- is drowned," I said.' " God forbid: that she is I JBehave.like-a man, Bill, and keep your senses about youn, or we may as well give heroup altogether." I was bound to speak in that way to him, and after a time I got him to be a little more reasonable. Then we started for the creek, calling out, "Liz ! Liz!" at the top of our voices, and whistling in the old familiar way to Rhadamanthos. No sound answered us, and the solemn stillness of the place, when we were not speaking, fell -upon my hearlt like a funeral pall. We tracked thecreel from one end to the other, and then I sat on the bank to consider. "Bill" said I, "ashe can't be drownedm thank God ! Rhad could swim, and, if he couldn't have saved her, he would be some where about. Besides, her basket "would flat, and we should see some signs." And then a thought flashed intomy mind. "Bill, have you been to Teddy the Tyler." "Great Lordt ! Do you think-" "I don't think anything. Let's go andsem him." We walked to Teddy's tent, calling and listening to imaginary answers as we walked. It was late in the evening by this time, and Teddy was sitting outside his tent smoking his pipe. He barely looked up as we ap proached;but I noticed that he hitched close to him with his foot an axe that was lying on the ground. "Good evening, mate," I said, byway,of commencement, though I felt more inclined to spitinhis face than be.civiltohim. . Bill shookith excitement, and there was a dangerous gleam in his eyes. rTeddy did not reply to my "Good even ing," ba sat still, smoking. He had hiseye on the axe, though; I didn't miss that. S"Are yon deaf I" I asked .. "N'No' lie biapped ;" are you 'Y "Look here, mate," I said. a" And look you here," he interrupted : "I p. don't want any of-your ' Good evenings,' or I any of your company. What are you loafing in my golly for? I'll split your skull open if you'stop here.moiach longer." ".We've come here for a purpose,"I said. "I am goingto ask you a question or two that-you'll :have to..answer,,my. lad, ifi yon a wish ever to answer another." . "You can ask ar tliho?and," said'Teddy. 1 Fire, away. - You won't get- me.to answer Sone." "-We shall see. -We.are in search of-little t Liz. She hasn't been home all day. -?Have a you seen her" . i, Teddy gave n.us both a sharp, quick..look, and did not answer. Bill never took his-eyes Li from Teddy's face. y ...*.tave ,yon seen .our3Liz?"-I.repeated. r rHa abshe been here.to.day I" , Still na,answer. W- Vithout anywarning, Bill made a spring at, him ;.but Teddy was .on' his. legs. like lightning, brandishing the axe ovec his head. d Billavoided the blow, catching the handle on his, arm,. and, closing with- Teddy, had him on the ground in no time, with his knee on,his chest, and his handat his throat. "'Hold off I" Teddy choked out. "'Take o this madman off, or.he'll throttle me." "'Answer that question,".saidý Bill,,with set teeth ; t'if you don't, I'll kill you." d -" She hasn't been here to-day,'" the fellow d gasped. . d" Have youseen her anywhere about, you i. devil." S "No l" was the sullen reply. e "Ydu.,nmayget , up,';,said Bill, rising. n 'Let me. find,that yo' are lying,~ and I'll ,e tear your -heart out. Mark:me,.Teddy the STyler I . If I discover,that you have seen my Schild to.day,.and.have been telling us lies, Syou, shall do.what. you threatene I should 1\. do.. and what I a doing, God help me I You Sshall cry blood.; Come' away, Tom; tbhesight if of.him turns me sick." WVehad a weary night of it.-,Wesearched in every likely, place ; ,welighted; ires.on every rise, so that they' might catch the childs.eye, if she was .anywhere, near ; but a when .tho..morning camo wewere as..far off finding her as ever. .-What puzzled me most was the absence of. Rhadaiuantha. We could find no trace of him. . I anything had happened to thoe child, II thought, the dog's Sinstinct would surely have .led him home to I., the, tent. - We trudged back, sore and dis n heartened. We had, not eaten amorsel the whole night. ,Bill, .I believe, hadn't put a food to his lips since.he first missed little e Liz. 'Hehadn't even smoked a pipe. I.was thinking to myself what shall we do next? I when my mate, who had thrown himself on g the ground, whispered to me,in a voice, so it low that he seemed to be afraid of my hear ing him : s "The old shafts-the deserted shafte-we \- haven't looked there for her 1" The idea that our little girl might belying at the bottom of one of the deserted holes, d dying, perhaps, made me sick and dizzyfor a moment. 11 We turned out of. the.tent in silence, and r recommenced our search, Bill trembling like a man with the palsy at every, hole we-atop . ped at. Inweit down myself,. to savebhim the first shock of the awful discovery,-if she n were lying there. But ,I discoveredno thing. a "'Let's go to the old gully once.more,"' e said Bill. r. The sun was rising over the hills,.bathing them in seas ,of , gold and i purple, and the I laughing jackass was:waking everything up e with its gurgling laughter.. Tedldy.the.Tyler was not out of bed, and I went.down the g shaft he was then working. , The noise dis g turbed him, and he came from his tent, half a dressed, and, with a. death-like scare in his face, asked us what we were up to now. t "It's only fair to tell him,".said Bill. o " We're looking. for my child. .fShe might I have tumbled down a shaft, you see." p We searched every hole in-the gully with. Is out result, and then.we went away. ir And now, mates, something happened that it I have thought of over and over again with n wonder. I was a better man then than lam y now, for I had the impression of those peace. w fiul and happy Sundays, with the readings d out of the Bible, and the quiet walks with 11 little Liz,, full upon me. And I believed at that time that God Almighty had sent some i little birds to assist us-to theamt.enfone ,n -.si."T--e noce got away from Ted's gully, is fully.a mile from it,.and were passimg a 5e cluster of gum-trees, upon one of which half a dozen laughing jackasses were perched. As iz we passed they set up a chorus of mocking h laughter, which so.gratedupon me that I threw my stick at them, and sent them fly d ing away. Going to pick up my stick, which had fallen some.distance off, I observed an abrupt turn in the ranges, leading to achasm r" in the hills, which neither of us had ever trodden before. Bat for these birds, we i should not have discovered it. .I called out o to Bill to come on, and he followed me into a the declivity. S" Here'sa abaft sunk,' Isaid ; "someone .t has been prospecting." The abaft was about twenty feet deep, and, a holding on.to a rope thatI,tied totheastmp d of a tree, I lowered myself down. Before I r reached the .bottom I saw;that our search a was at an end. There lay our little Liz, o with her face turned upwards, as though shabe a was sleeping. I could; not: distinguish her features, and indeed Iwas so startled that I did not pause to think or even to. look more closely. i "Liz l" I whispered. 1 No anawer.came, and I called to her again. a All,was silent. -The rope-to-whieh Ltwas clinging was. not \- long enough to,tie a slip- knot:by,which we could.raise.her., Another.and a longer rope -was in Bill's ,hands above. I:climbed, into the sanlight,.and, taking.the.rope.from Bill, prepaied:to.make a aling-ofiit. , Bdlallowed me to takethe rope, and then lookedat my fear-strck.face.withia terrible twitching of his features. He was trying to utter words, bhut for a moment or two.he had lostthe power. With a sound that waslike a shriek andsa sob:he regained it. * Forthe good God's sake, Tom, don't tell me.she is down there I" ."She is. there, Bill. No, no I : What are you ahbut!" • - I flung my,armsaroundihim, toprevent him springing down theah·fat.? "D1Bill this is an awful. moment, and Liz's life mayh bangponour.keeping steady. As yo loveu your dear little one, don't give way yet,awhile I She wants your. help to raise her .Do you hearme? Shesrwante your help." ': Ay,"he replied,vacantly. 'I am going totie this rope round her. Will you stand steady here above and raise her, while Isaupport.her. below ?" He nodded, and made motions with his lips, as ,though he were speaking; but no sound came from them. "For our precious darling's sake, Bill," I said, as I prepared to descend again, "be steady, lad." I tied the rope round. her slender body ab, me! ah, mel the pretty little bands that did not respond to the touch of mine i the soft face that rested on my shoulders I--and slowly, slowly, we brought her to the surface, where I tenderly set her down. SShe was dead I The angels had taken her . As shae lay with her eyes turned blindly to the sunthat was smiling on the hills, and bathing themin light,,?:ould acarcely be is as lieve'tha shiewas deade. In he'isinnocent young face the rces were still blooming, and n" in her pretty little hands were grasped a few re of the wild flowers she had been gathering. I stooped and kissed her pure fresh lips. ..Then I turned.away, for-blinding.teara.were in my eyes, and a darkness fell upon me. " O, my darling ! my darling !" I heard 'I Bill say. "You are not dead-you cannot or be dead I Look at me, speak to me, mypet! ig Throw your arms round my, neck." And hbe if pressed her to his breast, and kissed her many times. "She is only.sleeping. Feel d. her heart, Tom, it.is beating. Feel, feel, I \- ,ay l' n I.placed,my hand on, her heart, to soothe him; alas I its pulse was stilledfor.ever. y. 'Bill," I said solemnly, for, it, was an r awful; thing wasthe sight of the dear angel lying dead. upon the grass, " do not deceive o yourself-.she is dead. She has gone to a ve better landthan this." "Dead I" he cried, springing to, his feet, k, and looking wildly upward. "Then strike es :me deadj too I" He threw himself' beaide her. again; he d. clasped her in his arms, nursing and rocking ,her aq,ho,wrold have done if she had been aleeping; he called her by every.eadearing g name;, and suddenly became quite still. "e "Tom," he said presently, in a strangely d. quietnud, eager tone, " look at this mark on le my child's neck. What is it? Great God! ad what is it!" ee tlooked. -Itwas a discolored mark, and I shuddered to think that it might have been he canused by the grasp of a cruelband. Bot I would not madden him utterly by a whisper th of my suspicions. " It is impossible to say what it is, Bill, ,w :without evidence." ."True,'?.he replied, still more quietly; on '.'without evidence. Where's Rhad?" The absence of the dog had been puzzling .me. That he would not. have voluntarily .g. deserted little Lizwas as certain aufate. 11 "Stay. here with my child," said Bill; "I he am going to search for her, dog. He loved ny my Liz, and was faithful to her. He would es, have laid down his life for her." Id He disappeared in the -bush, and within on ten minutes I heard him call outlthat he had bet found Rhadamanthue. " He stepped from the shadows of the trees, and placed Rhad at my d feet. Poor Rhad I . He was-' dead-shot on through the heart. e "You see, Tom, he's been shot. .Who did at it? We want evidence. Whoever killed the t 'dog killed my-child." Vo I knelt and examined the dog's bdy. ad Three bullets.had been fred intoit,.and there was, spmething, in the dog's,month. to Forcing the jaws open, I took it ont,,and is recognised it immediately.: It wasp.piece he of the colored silk handkerchief I had thrown at out of the tent to Teddy. the Tyler, tha nrst de night he came to the, gully.. Thedog had as evidently, torn it away no a depe.rte..etrug I gle, for sehreds.of it were stickigb'etween on is teethso firmly thatCI uldn4tdrugthem so away. r- "'There has-been fouLplay here, Bill," I said. ve " know itI know it. -What is that be tween his teeth?' Faithful Rhad I' It is part ag of a handkerchief. '0O, I know'without your Sketlling me I -'But whose handkerchief is it? or -do you hear .me -whose handkerchief! Speak the nime. Out with it, man." "d "Teddy the Tyler's," I said.] e I. had no time, to add another word, for P Bill was off with the speed of the wind in he the' direction of Teddy's gully. , I harried he after him, bautbe was too swift'for me, and ° I lost him.." When I reached the gaully, neither Teddy nor. Bill was in sight, and though. I searched for an hourl could see nothing of them.' Not knowing which way ag to tukn to look for them. I hastened back to he wherie our dear dead Liz was lying, and car p ried her in my arms to our tent. My first er impulse was to put everything in order. I he tidied. up the place, and arranged our dar' is ling's bed, my scalding tears almost blinding me as I worked.' Then I laid the body on it, us and covered it up, all but the face, which was still bright with roses soon to fade. 11 About her head I scattered some wild flow. ht ra growing, near our tent; and on her breast I placed the Bible, our only book lh This done, I went again in search of Bill, with no better success than before. I was at full of fears, bhut was powerless to act. All th I could do was to wait. My next impulse m was to bring Rhad's body home. I did so, Sand placed it at the foot of the bed. on the gs ground. The hours went by, and Bill did th not appear. Noon was past, and till no sign. at The sun set, and still no sign. Half a dozen 05 times at least I went to Teddy', allyg. only to ofind it deserte?? What was Ito do! What ly could I do? I would have gone to the cattle station, where we purchased our food, but alf that [was loth to leave our darling alone. It seemed like deserting her. No; I would °g wait till the morning. Night coming on, I lit a candle, and satin the dim tent, keeping w- atch-for the living and the dead. It was ch an awful, awful time. Sounds without n warned me that the weather was changing. Dm Dark clouds were in the skies; the wind er sighed and moaned. I knew the signs-a Pe storm was coming. It came sooner than I at expected, bursting upon us with frightful to fury. One of the most terrible storms of my remembrance. The rain poured down in ne floods -the thunder shook the hills-the lightning played about the peaceful face of little Liz, and cast a lurid glare upon the p flowers and the Bible on her breast. I knelt by the side of the bed, and prayed, keeping Smy face buried in the bedclothes, and hold lag the dead child's cold fingersin mine. I 70 may have knelt thus for an hour, and the er storm raged on without abatement. Then I I raised my head. My heart leaped into my re throat. At the door stood my mate, Bill, haggard and white, with blood oozine from between the fingers which he press upon n. his heart. It was but a vision; and it luted but a moment; but so terrible an impression at did it leave upon me that Iran into theopen re air for relief. And in that momenta voic \- fell on my ears: "Liz ! 'My pet I y darling "' The voice of a dying man. But the darkne.s was so thick thatIcould Snot see my hand before me. S "Bill " Icried, "whersareyoul" I .received an awful answer. A hand stretcheditaslf from out the darkness, and, : clutching me with a strength so fierce and resistlea that I had no power to. res~it, forced me back into the tent. The candle was still burning, and by its light Isaw my Sdear old mate standing before me, grasping with his other hand the lifeless body of STeddy the Tyler. Bill's hand upon mybreasmt relaxed, and? the body of the murderer slid Sfrom his grasp, and layin a heapon the Ssoddened ground. "Liz I" whispered Bill. "My Liz I Life r of my life I .My pet 1" He saw her in her bed, and a hastly smile of. joy played about his lipe. e stagge?ed towards her,hand fell down' dead ; Within twenty-four hours fia .hnadred smen were in the gullies. They helped minete Sbury Bill and Little Liz in one grave, and ta put a fence round it I My storyis done. Tommy seated on his mother's lap and reading :about ire and the serpent--"Sne wa.u't like you, mamma, for you're afraid ofa mouse." Accdionis tio the ndoctors, the man who talks over his bucoe?s aft'aire lightens his bunhens, anl be who keeps rcrythlng sto himself doubles the load on his mind. 'Now we undlerstaod why cer taln remarlkably healthv personso delightia talk ing shop from noomingtill nigh' and fora night tillmornung. We ohsl no longer thisk of them uankindly but think their doctor orders it, and I get out oa their way as soon as. posible. 