A SILENT WITNESS. 4 - CHAPTER VI. When Danby comes take him straight to your room, and when you've got the money, get rid of him,' said Heath. ' As he's not coming here, and there's no window towards the front, we may as well be getting on with ? our business. Is there a match anywhere about ? ' \- ? On the mantelshelf in the corner,' said the captain. Then Danby heard the sharp scratch of a match, and saw Heath bend forward to light the swinging lamp above the table. The young man quickly withdrew into the shadow ; but after a time he peered again from behind the- curtain, and the inner room being now fully lighted he saw a sight which completely entranced him, and from which he could not remove his eyes. immediately under the lamp, and midway between the two men, was a case or casket such as Jewellers use, made of leather and lined with/white satin. This, however, was / old-fashioned in its shape, its leather was ^ frayed and its satin soiled and discoloured -' hv age. It was a large casket, and was evidently meant to contain a whole suite of jewels, tiara for the head, necklace, ear rings, and bracelets. The latter were still in it, large diamonds deeply imbedded in thick strong gold bands. The tiara was also there, but the spaces for the necklace and earrings were empty. Holding his breath, and with his eyes almost starting from his head, Danby noticed close by Heath's hands a small polished steel ham mer, pincers, and other tools. In front of him lay some gold work, twisted and broken, and in his hand was a paper full of gleaming stones, which he held up to the light and surveyed with eagerness. ' They are superb ! ' he muttered, as having breathed on them he watched the breath fade instantly away. ' Old Stuyve saut must take the strap right off that black leather pocket-book before he has any of these beauties. And they ought to be worth much,' he said, in a still lower tone, ' for they cost enough to get ! ' He moved aside as he spoke, and Danby saw clearly, for the first time, the open case in which the tiara and the bracelets still remained. Surety these ornaments were familiar to him. Surely he had seen them beforehand recently ? Meanwhile the cap tain had taken the jewel-case into his hands. 'You can't get these stones put, I sup pose ? ' he asked. ' No,' said Heafch ; ' they are too firmly fixed in the gold, and the gold itself is so solid that it defies any effort I can make with these tov tools. However, von will have quite enough with you for one bargain, and if the old man bites, you or I can easily visit Mm-again. What's that ? ' he cried abruptly, turning towards the middle door.' Nothing!' said Studley, rooking Up aud shading his eyes with his hand, ' the cat, I suppose. The stores we have put in there have attracted mice, aud the cat is always on the watch there now.' The noise, however, had really been oc casioned by Walter Danby. A flash of memory had suddenly recalled to him when and where he had- seen the jewels and the case then in Studley's hands. They were T. M C± T7GVX7 T OTTral C* TIT 111 f\\\\-\ 1ia/1 l-\ ,*-. «w 1^. ? — _l_ X. J_ _ ? Middlehaurs bank by the Spanish emigre countess some --.three months before, the very jewels for 'which lie had given a receipt at Heath's order, had catalogued and de posited in the strong-l-ooni. As he thought of this, a nervous tremor ran through him, and he knocked down a glassjvhirJilTwas on a shelf by his elbojjj^-— ? '' ~ ^^^^teFJ^Srelswbich had been stolen from *^j\Iiddleham's bank, for which the hue and cry had been raised, for which the. detectives were in search, for which — ah ! great heavens, the agony of the thought — for which the murder had been committed, by whom there was now little doubt ! And one of these two men was her father ! Stunned and dazed, Walter Danby closed his eyes, and pressed his hands to his throbbing temples, utterly uncertain what to do. Where was Anne Studley the while ? She had not gone to Mrs. Wells's ; she was standing outside the front gate of the garden, waiting for her lover ; waiting to hear those first words of spoken love, the mere an ticipation of which set her heart palpitating in her breast. Walter Danby stood looking on at the scene before him, mentally and bodily paralysed, without the power to think or move for some minutes. When his senses returned, his first impulse was to fly. What he had seen was enough to convince him of the lawlessness of the men with whom he had been associated, aud of the certainty of their having committed robbery and murder. No ! A ray of hope flashed across him which for Anne's sake he was only too glad to welcome — they were the receivers of the stolen property, they might even have planned the robbery, but they could not be the doers of the deed of blood. Heath was away at the time, and Studley — what was that the police-sergeant had said, that the robbery must have been arranged by some person conversant with the premises and the dead man's ways ? Heath ! Who had given him the diamonds to catalogue and store away, and consequently knew of their exact whereabouts, and their immense value ? Heath ! Danby's heart sank within him as he thought' of these thinga. His brain reeled, and he felt sick and faiufc. He must have air, or he should swoon. He must go out through the window by which he had entered, give up all thought of seeing Anne that evening, and make his way back to London as best he could. Softly he turned, made out indistinctly the form of the window, and L moved towards it. Another moment and ' he stumbled over one of the open portman teaux and fell upon the floor ; the next, the door between the rooms was dashed open, and Danby, still prostrate, felt a heavy weight upon his body, and a strong suffo cating grip upon his throat. ' This is your cat ! ' cried the man who had seized him. Heath's voice, he knew it it at once. ' What a fool I was to believe you before ! Bring the lamp, and let's see whom we've got here ; no, stay, the wind will blow it out. Help me to carry him into the back room, lift his legs, so ! ' TJiuy dragged him into the dining-room, ft. ml Heath' knelt down beside him, and put his haud under his chin to force the head back. I'here was no need for this, however ; Walter Danby threw up his head, as well as he could in his cramped position, and the expression in his bright eyes was hold and fearless. 'Danby! ' said Heath, under his breath ; then turning to Studley, ' How did he get here ? We heard no bell.' ' He must have come through the back gate,' said the captain, whose face was deadly pale, and whose thin lips trembled. 'Through the back gate— he knows it— i ve taKen him that way myself. AH this time Heath's hand had been twined in Dauby 's neckerchief. He re moved it now, bidding the young man get up and seat himself on an old-fashioned, high-backed oak chair which stood close to the wall. Danby obeyed. He had lost his breath in the fall and the struggle, and his heart was beating loudly ; but he con fronted the two men with calmness, almost with ease. inow, sic still, or it will be the worse for you ! ' saidi Heath, seating himself on the corner of the table, and swinging his leg to and fro. ' How long have you been in that room ?' ' Probably ten minutes ! ' replied Danby in a steady voice, aud with his eyes firmly fixed on his interrogator. Heath descended from the table, passed into the outer room, closed the door, and, pulling aside the curtain, peered through the glass for the purpose of ascertaining what portions of the room were in view ; then lie opened the door, and, before closing it again, bade Studley, ' Speak, say some thing, anything, and in your usual tone.' Finally, he reappeared, bringing with him some ^strips of thick cord, which Danby recollected having noticed lying by one of the boxes. '\Hb must have seen and heard every thing/as plainly as if he had been standing by us ! ' he said, in an undertone, to Studley. ' See here ! ' he added, turning to Danby, 'you know prettv well the situation of the house. There's nothing near it for a mile. You might shout for a month, and no one would hear you. If you value your life you will hold your tongue ; and, in order to prevent your ?making any attempt at escape, I'm going (to tie you to this chair.' ' As he spoke he took the longest piece of rope, and, passing it. quickly round Danby's body, slipped behind the chair, and lashed him firmly to it. Danby made no attempt at resistance ; he sat there, pale and anxious looking, but neither so white-faced nor so nervous as Captain Studley, who stood in a half-dazed state looking on at Heath's pro ceedings, his wandering hand now plucking at his chin, now beating the tattoo on the table before him, and from time to time opening his mouth as though gasping for breath. ' There! ' said Heath, moving round to his old position on the corner of the table ; '''-and. now to settle this matter. Walter L)anby, your were, on your own avowal, in that room for ten minutes, during which time I have satisfied myself that you must have seen and heard all that transpired here. Is' that so?' ' I saw and heard everything,' said Danby, .quietly. His voice was low aud flat, quite different from its usual joyous ringing tone, but there was no tremor in it.' ' Whatf did you hear ? ' asked Studley, suddenly turniug upon him. ' We were only talking business.' . -:'^ ' Business ! ' said ty -'- ? '\U ^ your businpo-f-j 'woo'iues cheatiug at curd*, to deal with stolen goods and dead mon1* f 'operty? I recognise those jewels a* oumu which I helped your worthy friend there in cata loguing and stowing away. I know them to be part of the proceeds of Mr. Middle ham's murder.' As these words left Danby's lips, Heath jumped from his seat, and rapidly passing his hand to his breast, made a stride towards him. But the captain, leaning across the table, caught his friend by the arm, and whispered hurriedly in his ear, ' Stop, for God's sake, think what you're doing ! ' ' It is because I think what I am doing, that I see the need for stopping this lad's tongue,' said Heath, between his clenched teeth, his eyes like deep-set coals glowing in his head, and his hand still plucking in his breast. ' Stay ! ' said the captain, still in a whisper, and pulling at Heath's coat. ' Come aside for an instant — come over here — let us talk this out, and do nothing ' rashly. My risk is as great as yours ! ' ' Is it ? ' said Heath, who suffered to be led to the other side of the room. ' I was not aware of that. But anyhow it's great enough. Too great to be played with, I say.' 'Don't make it greater,' said Studley, ?with intense earnestness. ' For the last month I have lived in a hell upon earth, owing to your rashness ! Night and day I have but one thought in my head, one scene before my eyes ! Don't create another ghost to haunt me, or I shall go mad 1 ' ' When you have finished raving, per haps you will say what would you propose to do with this man ? ' said Heath. ' You've heard his avowal of what he knows.' ' Do anything with him — anything but one ! ' said Studley, holding up his trem bling hand to emphasise his words. ' Make him take a solemn oath never to reveal what he has become acquainted with to day, and let him go, let him go ! And see here : we will let him keep the money which I won of him, and which I daresay he has brought. I will give it up. Let him keep that ; it will bind him to us more perhaps — only let him go ! ' For a moment Heath stared at his com panion without speaking. Then he said, ' You seem to have lost your head over this affair ! You to talk of ghosts and scenes ! you, who for thirty years have passed your life ? ' ' No ! ' cried Studley, interrupting, ' in everything but that — not in that ! ' ' Doesn't your common sense — if any of it remains — tell you that this fellow would not take any oath ; that he could not be bribed by your wretched hundred and fifty pounds ? He is brave, honest, jmd honour able. His whole soul is filled with loathing for us and our deeds. To denounce us would seem to him his inexorable duty, and he would surely do it. He has seen these diamonds, which have given him a clue to the robbery ; and I heed not impress upon you that u, clue to the robbery is a clue to more ! ' 'I know it. What you say is quite right ; but still— spare his life ! ' 'His life is in his own hands,' said Heath. ' If he will swear secresy, I know him well enough to be certain that he will keep his oath. But if he will not swear—-' ' He will ! he will ! ' cried Studley, lay ing his hand on Heath's breast, and look ing appealingly into his face. ' We shall see,' said Heath, stepping away from him. ' But, if he will not, I shall insure my own safety. See here, jjanDy, he added, suddenly turning round, 'you have acknowledged that you have been a spy upon us ? ', ' That is false,' said Danby, in the same calm voice. ' I came here by appointment, and walked by accident into that room, from which ? ' tt ' We won't bandy words,' said Heath. 'You saw what we were doing ; you recog nised those diamonds. You could denounce US to the nnlif.fi. Ynn Iisi.va no in irnnv power ! ' A scornful smile passed across Danby's face. Heath saw it, and spoke quickly. ' Morally you have us in your power, but physically you are in ours, from Avhich nothing human can deliver you. Be collect that ! Eealise the situation. Here in a lone house, far beyond the reach of help, shut up with two men whom you have brought to bay ? ' 'You need not proceed,' said Danby, ' I know my fate ! ' A change in his voice, this time, low and creeping. Drops of cold sweat too on his forehead, and a twitching of the nostrils and the upper lip. 'You're to have a chance, and you'll take it, won't you ? ' said Studley. 'You'll swear a solemn oath before God that you'll never say anything about what you've seen or heard, and then we'll let you go ! You'll swear it, won't you ? ' 'No!' cried Danby, '111 make no bargain with thieves and murderers ! Help ! help ! ' With a sudden jerk he snapped the rope which bound him to the chair and staggered to his feet, making for the middle door. But Heath, hastily pushing Studley aside, leapt upon Danby and bore him to the ground. The slight lad had little chance against the superior weight and strength of his antagonist, but he knew he was fighting for his life, and he clung so tenaciously to Heath's wrists, that it was perhaps a minute before the latter could free his right hand, to search for the dagger which he carried iu his left breast-pocket. Even when he had found it, the boy's activity- was such that Heath could not make certain of his blow. He struck out, but Danby interposed his arm, against which the weapon glanced aside ; the next instant the blade was buried in the boy's heart. At that moment there rose upon the air a shriek of horror, loud and piercing, subsiding gradually into a long low wail. Heath, who had risen to his kue'e, remained transfixed, his mouth rigid, his eyes starting from his head; but Studley, who at the instant^ the blow was struck had flung m;^Jow behind him that the sound hr co&je-; the closed window looking on to t\G StaS«: *££*£& looked out. There was UP ^^g- on the ground below, a dark $Sa$s— the body of a woman — of Anne prostrate, senseless. Studley staggered back against the wall, pressing his eyes with his hands, as though striving to shut out sight and sense. Anne had seen what had occurred. The fearful crime just committed had been committed in vain, so far as their hope of secresy was concerned. A witness was ready to rise up against them and bear testimony to a deed of blood perpetrated in her presence. Would Heaf h deal with Anne as he had dealt with Danby? No, there had been too many horrprs ; he was her father and would interfere. He would defend her, and at once. With staggering footsteps, Studley sought the door, and was about to open it, when he felt Heath's hand upon his arm. He recoiled instantly. ' Stand off ! ' he cried in a deep hoarse whisper; 'don't touch me; there's evidence of your bloody work upon your hands ; stand off and let me go ! '. ' That is your daughter lying fainting in the garden ? ' asked Heath. ' You are sure of it ; sure it is not the servant ? ' 'It is my daughter ! She saw all, she has swooned, and must be seen to at once, j ? ' ' Stop this fooling ! ' said Heath, roughly gripping his companion by the arm. ' Collect your senses, I say, for you will want them now. She has fainted, and there let her lie. When she recovers she will be too weak and too much dazed to do any harm, and meantime we have plenty to do.' ' Loose your hold on me ! ' said Studley, shaking himself free. 'I can't bear your touch ; do you know what you've done ? ' ' Saved your life and my own,' said Heath ; ' that is to say, if we're only quick in clearing up this place before the servant returns ! ' As he spoke he moved lightly and with careful footsteps towards where the body was lying. In the struggle the cloth had been dragged from the table to the floor, and with a portion of this cloth, Heath, in following Studley to the window, had covered the features of the dead. He removed it now, very quietly, and bending down silently contemplated his cruel work. There was one large clot of blood outside the waistcoat, where the dagger-blade had penetrated, and the coat-sleeve against which it had glanced was ripped and ragged and dark-stained. The mouth and eyes were partly open, and the fair open brow, the delicate chiselling round the nostrils, were contracted as though by a sharp spasm of pain.. The arm, with which the last feeble attempt at defence had been made, was bent across the body, the other hung stiffly by the side. Heath's face as he noted these different particulars was void of expression. In it no rage, no sorrow, neither exultation, nor . remorse, could be discerned. After a pause he stooped, and taking up the pendent arm laid his finger on the wrist. Then he dropped it carefully, and regaining his feet beckoned to Studley to approach. Studley however remained motionless. On Heath's repeating the gesture he waved his hand angrily in token of disgust, and then placed it before Iris eyes. ' Will you come here at once ? ' said Heath, in a low voice— neither of them had spoken above a whisper since the deed was done — ' or do you want the servant to return and alarm the village ? ' ' Is he— is he quite dead ? ' asked Studley, bending forward, and for the first time looking towards the corpse. ' What ? what are you going to do with it ? It must be hidden — where can it be hidden ? ' ' What's the depth of that pond in the garden ? ' asked Heath, with hie eyes fixed upon the ground. 'The pond? about six feet, I think,' said Studley. ' Young Danby once — good God ! I forgot — I mean he once plumbed it with a rake one day when he was down here.' ' That's deep enough,' said Heath, ' for our present purposes, at all events. I must have something to wrap it in — some matting, or something of that sort. I will see if there is any in the tool-house.' He made as though he would have moved away ; but btudley caught him by the coat. 'Don't leave me,' he cried ; 'I cannot be left with it. I will come with you.' The nearest way to the shed in which the tools, which had been used in the cultivation of the garden ere it was a jungle, were kept, was through the store-room. Before following his companion, Studley cast a rapid glance through the dining-room window, and saw the. dark mass still lying there prostrate, motionless. Even then he had a thought of going out to her; but Heath, in a harsh, hoarse whisper, called to him to ' come on ! ' and he obeyed. Groping in the dark shed they found some matting, which was dank and worn, and a sack, at the bottom of which were a few rotting potatoes. This Heath declared would serve their purpose ; and, emptying it, he carried it to the dining-room, closely followed by Studley. As they re-entered the house the sinking horror, which had seized upon Studlev immediately after the commission of the deed, crept over him again. It was with the greatest difficulty that he could force himself to enter the room. When he did so he looked at once towards the body, yet started when he saw it, as though not expecting to find it there. He was not however allowed any time for meditation, for Heath angrily called him to give him assistance in the dreadful task in which he was engaged. ' I am coming,' said Studley, mechani cally. Then, pointing, he added — ' Look down ; you see the blood has soaked into tbe carpet.' ' We willyattend to that later,' said Heath. '^iMiave a plan in my head by which we-'/can keep everybody out of the house for days, giving us plenty of time to take all necessary precautions ; but we must get rid of this first, and for that 1 require your help.' Not much help did Studley give him, though he strove to do what he was told, and with trembling hands carried out the orders which the younger man gave in short, quick, peremptory tones. The head and stippej^porjiion of the body were enveloped in ropewr^t^^rt^SSrSs^iJia tnsrflthBr htf the to the chair ; then in STc€Ifevg^ i,^^a.?»u.?.,^»^M lifted the ghastly burden between them, and carried it through the store-room 'into' the cold, damp ball, and through the grimly sculptured doorway out into the night.' It was very heavy, and, though his companion had taken by far the heavier portion of the load upon himself, Studley had several times to call him to stop, while he sought to recover breath and wiped away beads of sweat from his forehead with his trembling hands. It was a close, faint, clammy autumn evening, without a breath of air to drive away the gray mist rising as ever from the jungle, without a ray of moonlight to penetrate the thick darkness which had already come upon the earth. So they went on ; crushing underfoot the newly-fallen leaves, and brushing away the cold dew which stood in thick drops upon the coarse, rank grass, until they stopped by the side of the pond. Here, at a sign from Heath, they deposited their burden; Studley, to his horror, being left alone by the side of the corpse while Heath left him to ' look for something heavy,' as he hoarsely whispered. Presently he re-appeared, bearing with him two huge stones, which he had pulled out from among the foundations of the dilapi dated rustic bridge. One of these he wrapped in a strip of sacking, and making a slit in the sack with his penknife, tied the weight firmly to it. At his instructions Studley did the same with the other stone, which he attached to the feet. Then once more raising the body between them, they bore it to the middle of the bridge, some of the decaying balustrades of which Heath cleared away with one vigorous blow, and then, with great difficulty, for Studley's strength by this time was fast failing him, dropped it into the middle of the pond. It sank instantly. The slow, broad ripple, like a sullen smile, spread over the surface of the stagnant water for an instant, and the hoarse cry of a raven, flapping slowly on its homeward way, was Walter Danby's dirge. With the noise, the splash, and the gurgle of the water as it closed over the body stilHu his ears, Studley was standing gazing at the spot where it had disappeared, when Heath shook him roughly by the arm. ' You seem to have forgotten your daugh ter,' lie cried, ' though you were so anxious about her a few minutes since. Come, and let us see after her.' He turned and strode towards the house, Studley following him in silence. Under the window, . prone on the hard gravel walk, a heap upon the ground, lay handsome Anne Studley, who had gone forth but two hours since in all the blushing hope and pride of a first love, to give a ready answer to the man who had asked her to link her life with his. Where was his life now ?— gone ! Where were her hopes ? —blighted and wrecked for ever. ' She knows nothing of this now, for she is still senseless,' said Heath, who has lifted her, not without a certain gentleness, and, looking into her face, would have supported her head against his knee had not her father suddenly interposed. . ' Do not touch her. I will not have you lay hands upon her ! ' he cried passion ately. 'Drop that, cried Heath, turning round upon him savagely ; ' drop it now nnd for ever. In this matter, at least, you are as ' guilty as I am ; at all events, the law would make no difference between us ; drop all that foolery about my hands and my touch. If my hands did this, it will be my head that will have to plan our safety ; and even when it comes to getting this lady upstairs, I imagine you would nut be able to manage much without my help. Stand clear now, and I will carry the girl to her room. Once there, I will give you my idea of what's to be done.' He stooped down, and lifting her in his strong arms as though she had been a child, carried her up the staircase and laid her on the bed. ' Get her clothes off,' he said to her father, ' while I go downstairs and clear up below there, and get rid of this ugly mark.' He pointed to a pale red stain upon his hand, and Studley shuddered. ' You must keep your wits about you now,' Heath con tinued, 'for in the next twenty-four hours lies all the danger. If we can tide that over we are safe. Undress her, as I told you, and put her into bed, throw her clothes down here or there in a tumbled heap ; I will bring up the brandy from downstairs, and, if you have a medicine-chesr, in the house, it would be best to place it open on the table. I want to give the room the aspect of sudden illness ; she cannot remain in her swoon very much longer, and it must be done before she recovers.' Studley did as he was bid ; his power of will had deserted him, and he was entirely reliant on his companion. When Heath returned he found that Anne was in bed, her clothes in a disorderly heap on a chair, and a bottle of sal volatile, a basin, and a sponge on the table by the bedside. 'That is right,' Heath said, looking round. ' When I was settling things down stairs I thought this matter through, and have determined what is best to be done. Now attend to me, Ned Studley,' he cried, sharply, for Studley was rocking to and fro in his chair, and his eyes were wandering round the room, ' attend to me, and re member exactly what I say. It is now half past nine ; in half an hour your servant will come back. When you go, to the gate to let her in, you must tell her that Miss Studley has been taken ill, that she has gone to bed, and that you are afraid she is attacked with fever. Ask her to come in and take off her bonnet quickly, as your daughter requires watching and nursing, and you want this girl to sit up with her during the night. If I am any judge of human nature the girl will refuse — she is an ignorant, stupid creature — and will be terribly frightened at the mere mention of the word fever. You must make a show of insisting, declaringthat if she does not come in at once you will be compelled to get someone else ; she will be too glad to accept the alternative, and will go away to her friends, who live in the village, don't they ? ' ' But suppose she is not frightened at the notion of the fever, aud is willing to come in and do the nursing, what am I to do then ? ' asked Studley. ' Take her straight to your daughter's room, aud never allow her out of your, sight. If Miss Studley comes out of her swoon, anything that she may say ^ou can treat as ravings of delirium. JDon't let tke iJ4^^^^^^^^^^njt-o^l^r.'\T'e i&.tf'Setbve' wiia't l^^^edon^witniier when I come back.' ' ' Come back ! ' ' cried Scudley. ^ Where are you going ? ' ' Only to the chemist's,' said Heath. ' It is most necessary that your daughter should have no clear idea of what is passing around her for the next twenty- four hours, so that when she comes out of her swoon it will be necessary to give her a sleeping draught.' ' Well, but I have got some laudanum in my room,' said Studley. ' That will be very useful to increase the strength of the dose, but it is better for me to go to the chemist's, where I would take care to purchase some other medicine to give an air of truth to the story which you will tell to the servant, and which she, without doubt, will immediately spread in the village. In fact I shall myself give some little hint of Miss Studley's illness to the chemist, and ask him what he thinks would be the proper medicine for it.' 'Don't be long— don't be long gone, Heath,' said Studley, looking up piteously ? at him ; ' for heaven's sake don't be long gone — I cannot bear to be left by myself to night ! ' ' There is the brandy,' said Heath, with cold contempt, pointing to the bottle which he had placed on the table ; ' drink a wine glass of that, and it may restore your courage, but don't muddle your brains, and don't forget my instructions about the servant-girl.' (To be continued.) Lord 'Wolseley on the Army. — Lord Wolseley, speaking at a banquet given in his houour by Sir William Armstrong, president of the Institute of Civil Engineers, deprecated the idea that the Egyptian army had been easily overcome. On the contrary, he characterised Arabi's force as the first regular army our troops had encountered sinoe the Crimean war. The Egyptians were well organised, well drilled, and well armed with weapons as good as those of the Germans in the last French war. Lord Wolseley went^on to say that no nation could succeed in war which did not keep pace with -ike times, and adopt without delay the best and newest weapons, and he hoped that'no cheeseparing economy would expose our troops to be pitted against others better armed. Lord Wolseley paid a well deserved compliment to the British regi mental officer— a class whom it was generally supposed he rather disliked, but whom, as a matter of fact, he considers 'the best officer, drawn from the finest material in the world — the gentlemen of England.' He was also unhesitating in his praise of the men they commanded, and asserted that they had all the finest soldierly qualities. They could inarch, fight, endure privations, and were so ad mirably conducted that he never saw a drunken soldier, and there were only three courts-martial during the whole war. No doubt these arc strong arguments in favour of the new system under which our army is organised and recruited. The various systems of shorthand are illustrated at a stenographic exhibition held in Paris. Eighty- four different methods are shown, commencing with the system intro duced in 1088 by the Scotchman, llamsay, while two other curiosities of the exhibition are a postcard containing 44,000 words and a-bteno^raphic edition of the bible. Thk Illawakka Railway.- — The Illawarra railway will be constructed with a double line as far as Hurstville, about eight miles from Sydney, and consequently the Cook's River Bridge, which will be situated close to the present dam, will carry two lines of rails. This structure will consist of. two main plate girders, each a hundred and ninety-eight feet eight inches overall, con tinuous over three openings, each having a clear span of sixty- one feet, and the whole forming three spans across the river. The four piers will each consist of two cast iron»cylinders, five feet in external diameter, the two cylinders being braced together. The order for the necessary iron- work was sent to England in June last, and the con tract for making it was let in November. It is estimated that the cylinders will weigh a hundred tons, aud the superstructure a hundred and forty- two tons. The bridge over George's River will be erected at a point 12| miles from Sydney, aud will carry a single line. It will consist of four lattice main girders, each four hundred and seventy eight feet two inches overall, in pairs continu ous over three openings, each having a^lear span of a hundred and fifty feet, the whole forming six spans across the river. The piers, six in number, will each consist of two cast-iron cylinders eleven feet in ex ternal diameter for the lower lengths, and reduced by tapering pieces to nine feet for the upper part, these cylinders also being braced together. The contract for this work was let in November, and the estimated weight of the cylinders will be a thousand one hundred and thirty-six tons, and the superstructure nine hundred and six tons. The estimated cost of this bridge complete is about £50,000. The ironwork will not * be out for some months, but in the mean time the line on each side of the river will be finished, and a staging will be put up, which will be used in the construction of the bridge. — Echo. New Style of Dining-Rooms. — To lunch or dine ' according to the card ' is one of the institutions of all dining-places, from the lordly club to the humble ' eating-house ; ' and doubtless a plentiful and well-selected bill of fare to choose from forms a great re commendation. An enterprising disciple of ouyer, uas, nowever, started an establish ment in Melbourne upon an entirely differ ent priuciple ; namely that the patrons of the house are not troubled, nor even {mirabile Oictu !) invited to choose the nature of their regale. The customer simply seats himself and awaits whatever the culinary artist attached to the restaurant thinks proper to prescribe for him, and the smart little waitress to bring. In fact he has to put his trust in Providence — and the chef dc cuisine. According to the hour of the day, the meal varies in respect of its being either breakfast, luncheon, dinner, or supper; but the speciality is in all cases that the customer is expected to consume what is placed before him, and is neither invited,- nor permitted to exercise any option whatever. It is only fair to add that : W&Q;:-^&^ cases^a most rechercae meal is served up, and the^isitbf has no cause to regret the blind ness of his confidence. To many people m-° --' „, «tvong recommendation, arid, m fet LJiauSm tf.oTTO i» i^oro bother involved ia orcleriug a ' little dinner ' than in con suming it ; and the circumstance that taste in selecting and partaking are alike provided for save a world of trouble. It is almost unnecessary to add that the proprietory hail from the land of ' our lively neighbour the Gaul.' — Echo. The Colonies and India report an extra ordinary fatality from British Guiana, where an inexperienced traveller having as is the custom in tropical countries, taken a refresh ing draught from the stem of one of the many water- holding plants which thrive in the forests, qualified his cold refreshment by a ' nip' of rum. Shortly afterwards he died in excruciating agony, and a post mortem examination showed that his in ternal organs were literally sealed up with indiarubber. He had imbibed the sap of the mimusops balata, the juice of which coagulates and hardens in alcohol, and the rum had had its usual effect in the poor man's stomach, with necessarily fatal results. A writer in Knowledge shows that the uses to which electricity is now being put were discovered more than 50 years ago, and that electric-lighting is in fact older than gas-lighting. ' Sir Humphry Davy exhibited the electric light in Albemarle street while London was still dimly lighted by oil-lamps, and long before gas-lighting was attempted anywhere. The lamp used by Sir Humphry Davy at the Royal Institu tion at the beginning of the present century was an arrangement of two carbon pencils, between which was formed the electric arc by the intensely vivid incandescence and the combustion of the particles of carbon passing between the solid carbon electrodes. The light exhibited by Davy was incom parably more brilliant than anything that has been lately shown either in London or Paris, or at Sydenham. His arc was 4 in. in length, the carbon pencils were 4 in. apart, and a broad, dazzling arch of light bridged the whole space between. The modern arc lights are pigmies, mere specks, compared with this ; a leap of £ in. or £ in. constituting their maximum achievement.' The Imperial Parliament.— The chief feature of the close of the session is that it leaves the ascendancy of Mr. Gladstone more undeniable than ever. In the final week all opposition to the remaining rules completely collapsed. Pages of amendment, framed for the most part by the fourth party, were abandoned without discussion, and the session came to an end with un expected suddenness. The Queen's speech, so far as it was retrospective, called forth little criticism ; but where it deals with the future it has been less fortunate. The vagueness of the reference to the Egyptian question, on which the country looked for something in the shape of a definite pro nouncement, has created considerable dis appointment. The absence of such a state ment may be open to the interpretation that the government have been weaned from their objection to the establishment of 'a British protectorate, and that without im mediately contemplating the adoption of such a solution, they do not regard it as beyond the pale of possibility. — English paper. ' There's my hand ! ' he exclaimed, in a moment of courage and candour, ' and my heart is in it.' She glanced at the empty palm extended towards her, and wickedly replied, ' Just as I supposed ; you have no heart.' * 