BORDERERS ON INSANITY. I [New York Medical Gazette.] In an interesting lecture recently delivered by Dr. Ball, he reiterates the view that the generally received opinion that folly and reason are separated by a strictly drawn mathematical line is quite erroneous. There is a broad frontier, he says, between sanity and insanity, which is peopled by millions of inhabitants. Damosippua, in Borneo, laid down the doctrine that all men are mad-"insanus et tu, stultique prope omnes " Dr. Ball, without quite so far as this hold that the number of persons perfectly reasonable on all points throughout the entire period of their existence form but a minority of mankind. The world abounds with people, he tells us, whom a strict scion wife diagnosis would condemn me mad, or more or less " touched ;" yet at no time of their life would it be permissible to put them under restraint. Such people are to be seen occupying, honourably and successfully, every position in life and society ; we brush against them when we take our daily walks abroad ; we see them in the mirror which reflects ourselves. Or. Ball having stated the thesis of his disclosure, proceeds to the classification of these "sine madmen," and assigns the first place " in the order of merit " (from what point of few he does not specify to those who suffer from unreasonable, and in most cases irresistible impulses. Naturally enough, the lecturer' referred to the case of Dr. Johnson, and the curious impulse which prompted him to touch each post as he walked along the streets on impulse to strong that if he accidentally passed one by without the usual tribute of a touch, he felt irresistibly compelled to return and repair the omission. The overpowering impulse to laugh on occasions of peculiar solemnity is one which even the most serious persons have experienced A still more morbid impulse is that which sometimes urges pious people to indulge in blasphemous or pro fair language. A great English divine, Bishop Butler, was tormented all his life lost by this temptation, which her only mastered by strong and sustained efforts of the will. The impulse sometimes assumes a suicidal form. Dr. Ball was recently consulted by a young man who was engaged to be married, but who found it impossible to visit his intended bride, because it would involve a journey of some length in a railway carriage, and he could never tutor one without, feeling a desire to jump out as soon as the train was in motion. Do was advised to abstain himself gradually to this mode of travelling by taking short jou'rliejB on the suburban 'line, but he' could never get beyond Auteuil ; there he had to leave the o*ri'!non for fear of accident. Hrjmieidal't impulse? is taken CBC met with Thonviot's' case is one of the of tenet quoted. For years this unpleasant person was tortured with a burning desire, to kill some woman or other, but he never felt the slightest wish to take the life of a man, ' he battled with the impulse for years', but at length it got the better office. One day he murdered a young girl, W perfect stranger to him, whom unfortunate chance threw in his way in the kitchen of a restaurant. Dr. Ball was consulted some time ago by a painter of considerable talent who was a prey to these murderous impulses. He had married early in life, his family was large, and his cares and anxieties large in proportion. At about eight and thirty, without physical ailment of any kind or any especially unfa vom who turn in his, affairs, his mind began to 'be affected. If he saw a mirror he experienced a desire to smash it near a window he felt a temptation to jump out ; he never got a bank- note in his hand that he did not feel inclined to tear it in pieces. These morbid promptings presently assumed a more formidable shape ; he began to be assailed with a temptation to strangle his children. His little daughter was dying of croup, and he spent night after night by her bedside nursing her with the utmost tenderness " Yet," said he to the physician, " at the moment when I was praying, with tears in my eyes, that the child's life might be spared, I was tormented with a horrible desire to take her out of the cradle and throw her into the fire," Even now," he added, "as I speak to you I feel a most intense desire to strangle you ; but I check myself." The doctor never saw this patient again ; a circumstance which he has perhaps no no reason to regret, for as he was a man of powerful build he would have been an exceedingly " ugly customer " had his sanguinary impulses proved beyond his control. But up to that time, as the doctor remarks, he had kept them successfully in check. His nearest friends did not even suspect that he was subject to them. He fulfilled all the duties of life in a correct and exemplary manner. No doctor could have certified to his being insane. Yet assuredly he was on the " borderland " of insanity. OiioSTH.-An attempt is being made in the old country to revive the belief in visitants from another world, and many are the wonderful stories that for, some of the Journals The sceptical mind is, however inclined to adopt Scrooge's remark to Marley's ghost r " How do I know that you are not a bit of undigested broad t" for, of all the ghost producers, a bit of " heavy " bread is the most potent. It Isa wonder, therefore, that people do not adopt the surest spell against ghosts by using UorwIoU's (laid Medal Baking Powder In making broad for although It won't " raise ghosts," It will raise bread In the most aA mirable fashion. Every wise storekeeper has it by him, and every good housewife buys It. 21-0 83. The Aerated waters, cordial and liqueurs, manufactured by E. Rowlands, of Ballarat and Melbourne for over SO roan are universally acknowledged to be the best, and medals have been awarded for purity and excellence at the Exhibition hold at London, Paris, Philadelphia, Sydney, and Melbourne. slow TO CR ET War, Which is answered in three words Take Hop Bitters I Hoad, 19 Printed and published by the protírTstíorVJj'oHll " GB080»DAVr¿'andCHAHf,Í8lintis'RlVl*, at their office, 58, Macquarie-street, Hobart Tas mania. 