THE LEGITIMIST REVIVAL new york nation, 25TH january. There has been no odder piece of news from France since Sedan than the 'discdvery 'of a ptonof armed insurrection .oh thWpart of the Legitimistsby organising " thirty-two legionfl Af-100& men daoh,,r with a cavalry " nucleus " of 600 hordes (the' troopers, apparently, not' being yet ready), and £3,000,000 in bank in Lonaoii' as sinews ''of war, . It is almo moro ridiculous than' tEc Duchesso do Bern's rising ,in La Vendue in 1832, jvicH ended in lier concealing" Tferskf from the ' - gendarmes in a chimney; : After that' period the Legitimists of the extreme divino-riglit school may bo said to have wholly disappeared from politics until 1870\. They lived iu tjieir country houses and farmed, made little pilgrimages to German' to pay their respects to the Comte de Cham- hord on his birthday, 'and heard the Mass of the Holy Ghost in little chapetoontho an niversary of Louis Sixteenth's death. Those who were rich enough passed tho winter in Paris in a social coterie which neither for eigners nor Republicans ever entered, and in which even Orleanists were ill at ease, or else came up for a few \veeks to little hotels on the eft bank of tlie Seine, in which the land lord was pious and " tho King " was talked of familiarly at the table d'hote. A few, bnt Very!few — one of the Laroche-jacquelehis was among thorn — gave in their adhehsion to tlio Empire and took service' under it, but tlioy suffered for it socially. Many enlisted iu " tlie curious body called " tho Pontifical Zouaves," and served as the Pope's contribu tion to the garrison of Rome during the Frbuch occupation, and were supposed, on account of their piety, to bo worth three times the num ber of wicked Frenchmen or Italians. At one time they had tlie famous Lamoricibro at their head, and under him actually tried to btfcpttor entrance of the Picdmontese into the qjftjes hjo Churth, in 1859, by the use'of carnal weapons, but were badly beaten at Castelfidardo, and llad to break up nnd go home, the Pope being after this unable to sup port them. For the next ten years the Legitimist world was a very dull world. There wj£s''nothffik going on in it, After Sedan, 'Koweyef/ came what appeared to bo the dawning of a now day. The French Army was almost annihilated, and all' men in office were tho roughly discredited and dinhoartened, When the Assembly was elected which was to make peace, and erect a new framework of govern ment on the bloody ruins with which 'Franco- was covered, tho voters, for want of anything better, dug out all tho Legitimist country gen tlemen they could lay hands on, most of whom had uover:been heard of in politics by any df the existing "generation, and were probably amazed by thd call 'of them, and sout thorn to the Assembly. This -apparently gave th6 legitimate monarchy a chanco of » restoration which no man in . Franco ever expected to' see again. 1W majority, led by dukes and ipar- quisea, wero satisfied that their first duty was to bring back tho King. When they found -M; Thiers opposed to they got rid of him, and put Marshal MacMahon in' lus place. At thisjuncturo they might possibly have brought EJonfy V.biwk 'pud proclaimed hiOT if he had been1' the right sori'of man. They are said to have had tho carriages pre pared- for. the royal entry to Paris, and the fceqaiesebneo ! of the military chiefs was cer tain j'and judges and funonodkneii would have b'edu Avfliing enough, when 'Hid obsti- nacy ruined the whole soheme, He resolutely refused to hoist tho tricolor, and his most ardent supporters confessed sorrowfully that lie ' Could not fcomo back to Frrinco under .tho white flag. ' So thoy had to poatpoiio 'everything to' that unknown period wh'cn, to use their own phrase, "God's hour will Htrike." . Since tiicn they have been gradually ex- polled from botli houses of tho legislature, ' until thoy have only a small minority. They have also been, to a very large extent, removed or have retired from the judicial and adminis trative offices which they managed to get hold of during tlie five or six years following tho fall of tho Empire. They lately tried to gratify their newly-acquired tasto for move ment aud activity, qnd procure the meaus of power in tho modern world which they so much despise, by Btock speculation, and for this purpose got up the Union Genvralo, with tho Pope's blessing as part of tho capital, Tho disatrous result is well known. Its managers have gone to gaol, or are to go if they can be caught, and many owners of the finest names in France have had to undergo the humiliation of not being ablo to pay their"-1 differences," just like any unlucky American speculator, who nevor goes to church, and lets his daughters run about alone. Probably the horrible quiet which followed on tlie " Krach " of last year' has proved a hell to tho quick bosoms of the party, and they have begun their little military preparations as a sort . of distraction, and doubtless with that belief which ardent desire so often generates, that everything is on their side— that tho Army is ready to join them, and that tho people are tired of the godless Republic. They will h&rdly; bo undeceived within the present "century. ' There is nothing more enduring in tho land of dreams than the fanaticism of loyalty, especially when, &s; in the case of tho French Legitimists, the cause of tho King and that of the Church seem so closely united by all the circumstances of the age. 