ELSTERNWICK-FABK MEETING. SATURDAY, JAN. 27. With not a (Angle counter-attraction In ot ftbont the metropoH*, the attendance at the Victorian Trotting Clnb'a coarse on Saturday, it was folly anticipated, would prove theJNwt since the inauguration, now going on lot* tweWemouth. Deepite the aioal ? pedal train, however, and charming weather, and, above all, an exceptionally foil programme, the assemblage waa far from a remunerative one, thoogh we have certainly seen it con siderably lesB. Australian sportsmen, it must have become painfully evident to the plucky Elsternwick * park executive, are excessively difficult to educate; aud, an it is no use grumbling over spilt milk, there eeems positively no other course open than to keep in the pame groove, and trust to time crowning the w0Jl-meant efforts of the share holders with thatsuccess they have so liberally aud streuuouely struggled for. Wo have just incidentally referred to the_ liberality dis played by the Victorian Trottiug Club since they opened their well-appointed trade ana grounds, and it will be borne in mind that eome months ago an extraordinary bill of fare whs announced for the 17th of March ensuini; (St. Patrick's Day), the principal item in which ia the great prize of 500 sova., *or ft single trotting ev^nt alone, not to oinit the races ou the Hat, to each of which 100 sovs. are added. The Elsternwick combination, within the laet wetk or BO, however, have made the unwelcome discovery that a lor midable competitor has suddenly appropriated the very t>»tne day, to wit, the \ ictoria Amateur Racing Club. At first view, this " jumping " of a day, fixed upon a long time before, eet- me somewhat grasping aud unfair on the part of the Caultield powers that be, and last Saturday some very uucorapli raentary remarks were bandied about there anent. Tliere are, though, inevitably two sides to every question, and the V. A.T.C. answer the charge of unfairness with the reminder that Elsternwick-park was originally in tended for trotting alone, aud that the subsequent addition of flat and hurdle racing was an aggression and encroachment on Caulfield as a turf institution. There we leave the matter in dispute, with the observa tion that both institutions will doubtless suffer on the day. At all events, it will be something of a novelty to have two race meetings in full blaBt within three miles of each other. Now to the trotting and racing at Elstern wick on Saturday. The afternoon's card had been strengthened ^y the addition of another race on the flat. The trotting opened with the usual two miles maiden, for which the whole of the five coloured turned out, amongst them Dick Goldsbrough, who made so stout a fight ot it with Dick at the opening meeting of the Sandhurst Trottiug Club the previous Wednesday. Since then the gelding bas changed hands. On the present ! occasion there waB every encouragement to stand Dick Goldsbrough against the field, and he started a warm favourite, with odds of 2 to 1 on, as the word waa given. Break ing badly, however, on two occasions during the journey, he finally bad no show at all, and only finished a moderate third to Aus tralia, whose name was never mentioned. The time was 6m. Is. for the two miles, and it should be noted that the three mile heats at Sandhurst, in which Dick Goldsbrough waa on each occasion second to Dick, were covered in 2m. 49s., 2m. 44s., and 2m. 49s. again, the final heat being a very close shave for the wioner. The form exhibited by Dick Golds brough to-day, it may be readily imagiued, was BO different to that at Sandhurst as to create a feeling of deep mortification in the minds of the new owner and others who had backed him freely at 7 to 4 and 2 to 1 on; and the stewards hardly could do otherwise than j institute an investigation. This they did alter the close of the afternoon's racing, with the result that L. Grimwood, the driver, was suspended for six months. (Subsequently the parties concerned obtained a re-bearing of the case, and as veterinary evidence was produced that the horse was amiBS on Satur day, the penalty of suspension against Grim wood was quashed The 30 sovs. Purse 1 which followed the foregoing fiasco waB dis posed of in two heats, only a pair being in it j for the final-Teviot and Little Dick. There were some very suspicious circumstances connected with the performance of the last named in the final heat, and Collins, the driver, was promptly summoned before the stewards. The simple caution that followed the inquiry was productive of considerable dissatisfaction, and the prevalent opinion seemed in favour of a more substantial recognition of the delinquent's conduct. Oa the other hand, it is some conBolatipn to see that the officials of the club are thoroughly determined to use their utmost endeavours to secure fur and honest trotting. Of the three events on the flat, the Selling Race produced a pretty finish amongst Queen Eliza beth, Pirate, and Hunter, a head and a short head only dividing them, and the winner waa subsequently booght in for £37, £12 above her entered selling price. There were nine starters for the Two year-old Handicap, and here again the wind-up was well worth look* ing at, Mr. Jos. Harper, to aU appearances, having another race in hand, till O'Brien, on Amelia Victoria, challenged Frou Frou. aud beat her by a neck. The principal handicap of the afternoon furnished the excellent field of 13 starters, for which Stationer and Wizard were equal favourites. Cooreena and Stationer had moat to do with the ultimate result, and, as the former could not give Mr Langley's colt 17lb., he won with no trouble whatever. The pair were un placed in the Bookmakers' Purse, when there was ISlb. difference in the weight*. The afternoon's sport was brought to a close at 5 o'clock with the Hurdle Race, in which Songster, starting the favourite at 6 to 4, disposed of Zanga very easily. Resales ap pended HAIDER TBOT. For a purse of 86 ton., with ssweept takes oflsor. aaoh for the SMood hone. Twenties. Mr. W. H. Dunttao'i b g AustnlU, and (IUIsom)_ 1 Mr. W. Blind*! ro m Wwp. S Mr. fi. Kwnp's cb g iiiofc Ooldsbrougb, andfU Grimwood) ^ ^ Mr, P. J. Bobbins'* b g Heppy Jafck/ared (Owner) 0 Mr. J. lf*<onest>rm Spitfire, *ee7(Oirnert 0 Belting.-S to 1 on Dick GoUUbroughVeto tasst Wup, ud 8 to 1 »git the olt) era. Wasp, In a sulky, want off with the lead, sad in *1*° Jlirdi frwn Dick Goldibrougb, Aus tralia following at a down yards Interval. Tjiww the down J£° bwk siswlk broke rwyTwlly! and lest a considerable dlstanoe of ground. Uo tha straight, Dick Ooldebrotigh dosed with Wasp, but broke, and cropped back, .till, however, kwplog second place, till tbey eame to the far aids! wfasnhs broke once nun* and was passed by Australia, who quickly toads up to tbe leader. Round tbetarn, Aus tralia flams up ou the outside, and about a bundled yatda from bonei got the beet ot Wup, Anally win ning by 10 yard*, whilst a wide gap asperated tbe latter fron blck Qold^ugb. Ha^! Jatkoeverbadasbow. lima, 6m. it. , FUB8B OF SO BOVB. *or ?£ I aovs. each for tbe second. Hilt beats: best two in thna Mr. B. Foster's * R Teviot, seed (ebepbVrd" l 1 Mr. lC. B. Jenkins's b g lXule Dlck, ified (D Collins) - .. .. . o £ sra, Ji * the driver n tfao boirn mumo. wm most prominent - The leader swept round ths torn with a 40yardsUj^of UtileOiokTb*twew^,^Dd£ld of Mans tbfrt was a still wider gsn, Talk Up to tbe mare, who was passed solag alone the back. Teviot trotted fsst sod ateadUy m, tottV bS®s turn, wd be looked like distancing the other three, ant thus finishing ths affair; bat UtileDlckspun along eo quickly up the straight, that heat last bivbiI himself l»r another beat, by a very tew yards only. Time, Vm. 451s. fihelton, who steered Little Olok ID the first heat, was fined £2 (or delaying the start. final Heat.-Bettloir.-8 to 1 em Teviot At the third attempt thi. pair were despatched to an even start, LMte Dick at once gulag to the from I but at the turn he ran clean out, and Tevlot, noxt the rails, went steadily away along the far Bide of the truck, leadii.g 60 yards, wblcn he sor>n Increased to a riixtftuoe. Once into the straight the f *voarlto was caned, and, coming nl- nig at his leisure, he won by 40 > or<1». Time, ini. 601». Collins, the driver of Llltm L>lek, was snhsrqueDtiy eallod before lha stewards for hu8|iieion» conduct soon after the b tart, and tie was cautioned as to lii« future behaviour. SELLING BACK. Of 60 BOVS. five fuloncs. Kr. J. Harper's br f Queen Elletbuth. by King of ti e Him;-Maty GladsUne, 8 yra, 8iU 101b.(£^61 (UusitfiTe) - 1 Mr. T. Coffey's b £ Pirate, aged, 7et. 81b. (Williams) ii Mr. W. i.anKley'fl Dl c Hunter, 4 yrs, 7St. (T. Brown) _ .. ~ _ 8 Mr. E. VVeekb's bl g Kanaka, 6 yn, 9;t. lib. (Gnffln) 0 Mr. U. Urifflu's bl h Westbury, 6 yrs, 7st. lib. (Tintlc>)" _ .. .. _ .. 0 Mr. w. p. Whltty'e br c Dunois, 8 yrs, 6it. Clb. (Moran) _ .. " 0 ttetting.-6 to 4 aust Pirate, & to & agst Queen Eliza lirih, 3 to 1 agst Hunter, 6 to lagst Kanaka and Wentbury. Kanaka was quickest off, Queen Elizabeth being left 6ouiu lengths lust. In a few strides Pirate drew up to Kanaka, who dropped behind, and Queen Elizabeth, at the same time, making up her lost irrouud, she speedily was on terms with the yellow jacket. Pirate, ou the Inside, came into the straight wiih a clear lead, Queen Elizabeth, on his whip hand, bfiug next, followed by Hunter. Amongst the three a pretty race home ensued, ending in favour of Queen Klizabetb by a head, whilst there was only a ehort head between Pirate and Hunter. Westbury was fnuith, Dunois next, and Kanaka, who pulled up very lame, last. Time, lm. 6Js. The winner was bought iu for £37. TWO-TEAB-OLD HANDICAP, Of 40 sovs. Five furlongs. Mr. L. I>. Smith's br f Amelia Victoria, by Talk of the Hili-Princess of Prussia, 8st. (O'Brien) Mr. «1. Harper's b f Frou Frou, 6rt. 101b. (Mug grave) .. " .. .. " .. 2 Mr. A. Dowllng'e b c Plato, Qst. 101b. (Sanders) " 8 Hr. S. Miller's ch c Hopetoun, 8st. (Button) " 0 Mr. J. Huht db b c Hill Talk, 7st. 41b. (Ople) .. 0 Mr. J. Evans's be Merlin, let. 21". (Walker) _ 0 Mr. A. F. Bradshaw'a ch c Yellow Hammer, 6st. 121b. (Farrell) .. " .. - Mr. C. Clarke's b c The King's Son, fist. 121b. (Kilby) _ .. .. " 0 Air S. G. Cook's br f Nymoh, est. 101b. (Wood) _ 0 Bettlrg.-3 to 1 agst The Kiug's Son, 7 to 2 agst Hopetoun, 4 to 1 agst Amelia Victoria and Frou Frou. Amelia Victoria and Hopetoun got off in company, the latter on the inside berth, whilst Iferlln and Yellow Hammer had the worst of a straggling start. Going down the elde, Frou Frou and King's Son drew up to the leaders, and the latter led into the straight, fol 1 >wed by King's Son and Amelia Victoria, the latter of w hom at once settled Mr.Clarke's colt, and it became a match between her and Frou Frou, O'Brien, by dint «f superior riding, at last getting the best of Ur. Harper's Ally, and winning cleverly by a neck. Plato, who had come very fast at the fioieh, was third, close up, followed by Nymph, Hopetoun, and King's Son, whilst Hill Talk was last. Time, lm. 6J&. V.T.C. HANDICAP, Of 60 SOTS. One mile. Mr W. Langley'e br c 8tatloner, by Fireworks Paper, 4 yrs, (1st. 181b. (T. Brown) Mr. 8. Miller's b f Cooreena, 4 yrs, 8it. 81b. (Bar ton) Ur H. Connolly's ch g Chevy Chase, 4 yn, 7st 81b. (Mueprave) " -.8 Mr. T. Jones's ch or ro h The Ghost, G yrs, Bat. 61b. (King) «. Mr. K Weekss b c Transferred, 3 yrs, fist. lib. (Clark) _ _ Mr. J. Patterson's ch g Wizard, 6 yr», 8it. Tib. (Hughes). _ Mr. J. D. liobertson'e br m Bouquet, aged, 8st. 71b. (Morrison) _ Mr. H. Yeend'sbr h Balthazar, 6 yis,8st. 61b. (Wal ker) _ Mr. J. O. Hey wood's b m Rebecca, 6 yn, 8st. (Hey wood) _ _ 0 Mr. 8. Miller's bl f Can tale, 4 yrs, 7*t. 61b. (Carroll) .. " Mr. T. Coffey's b g Pirate, aged, 7st. 21b. (Wil liams) - .. _ _ " .. Mr. F. Morlison's b g Gaunt's Chronograph, 4 yn, Tst (Huht) .. _ " _ .. " 0 Mr. H. Haines's b tnLudnda,aced,69t.7lb.(Swallow) 0 Betting.-4 to 1 each »gat Stationer and Wizard; & 1 agst Cooreena, 6 to 1 agst Pirate, 7 to X agst The Cbost, and 10 to 1 agst Lucinda. The thirteen starters were despatched In fair order, Cooreena being (he first to show, followed by Ft&iioner;, then Rebecca and The Ghost, the latter, by the bye, decorated with blinkers. Pretty much the same order was maintained round the tern to the far side of tbe course, where Stationer went up to the girths ot Cooreena, Pirate then taking the third place, whilst Gaunt'* Chrono graph was hopelessly tolling a long way off In the rear. Coming down the side Stationer olipoa s<-6sed Cooreena ot tbe lead, and showed Hie way into the straight, with Mr Miller's Ally close at Ids bee's. Here the weight told on the latter, for Stationer bad it all his own way, and won very easily by three lengths. Chevy Chase, who had come when a lot were done with, gaining third place five lengths off. Pirate was fourth, and Gaoni's Chronograph last the whole of the way. Time, lm. 46*. HANDICAP HUBDL1 BACE, Of SO BOVS. one nils and three-quarters. Mr. A. F. Sullivan's b g Songster, by Glorious Songstress 6 yrs. 10«t. 4ib. (H'Innes) - _ 1 Mr O. Giaemck's b g Zacga, 6 yrs, lOst. 31b. (Kll doll) _ .. " ^ _ g Mr. M. Griffin's bl g Xiger, aged, (M. (Seed) «. 8 Mr. J. D. Bobtrtaon's ch g Morrumboog, 6 yn, lOtt. fib. fMalotis) _ .. .. ." Mr. J. G. Beld's oh f Maid of the Vale, 4 jrt, 9sk 121b, (Boyd) .. _ o Mr. K. J. Pardlman's b or ro m BlnebeU, 6 m(M> 101b. (J.JeUett). .. .. .. i. * o Mr. B. fiatty'e b g Btomiblrd, aged, 8«t (Wall) ^ 0 Betting.-6 to 4 agst Songster, 6 to t agst Stair, S to I agst Zanga. . i ? Btonnblrd «as the first to makeolay, with Maid .D<® J"*®* *. his immedule attendahts, wbllst Murrombong, with a had start, got* »wy In different chance at the outset. Astb«yea»i*down' " ride for the torn, Maid of the Vsjs fell apd galii after her horns alone, Blue Bsll leading into straight for the first time round, Stormbird and !yiog next put the stand, with Zanga wd Sou close up. BadDg down the haok iMtA Zanga Songster went through their horses, theloraier, i jlils leading Mr. SullivanTs pSrour, l»aifc%0< nexf to ZaogL and Stormbird foorth. These were never dutnrtied, and the raoe bdng . ovsr at the torn, Songster finally w»a by half* lengttA Whilst then wen six lengths between Z and Niger. Mumunbong fl&Uhed; last, Mhe Time, em. 28B. 