MBS. PARTINGTON'S ERRORS. The Helmet;— ' Is that a tropic of the Crimea ?' said Mrs. Parti ngt on, pointing to a Russian helmet that a friend had brought from the East. 'That, madam,' said we, ' is the trophy of the Crimea, that fearful battle-ground, and it seems to bear about it the odour of strife in the perilous deadly branches, and the crash of contend ing forces.' She looked at it attentively. ' Yes,' responded she; 'and not only the breeches, bat the rest of the uniform besides.' It was evident that she had made a slight mistake. Thb Ballet Troupe.— ' When is the Ibally troop coming on ?' asked Mrs. . Part ingron, airer watenmg cue aancers as xue theatre about half an hour. ' That is the , ballet troupe,' said Ike, with a smile, point ing to the beautiful sylphs that were flutter ^ ing like butterflies about the stage. ' Well, ) J believe in calling things by their true names ; I thought it was a troop of horse, like the Anderson calvary, that took their tower oat west. Well,' continued the old -lady, ' If there ever was anybody thatneed -' ed sympathy, it's them ! Worn their dresses right np te their kneees by dancing, poor creatures ! By-aud-by, at this rate, they won't have anything to wear !' ' On War. — Mrs. Partington began to get anxious about the consequences of the Ameri \- can war, and asked whether this country may not eventually become in— Yolved in hostilities with ' transplanted cousins,' as she calls the descendants of the Pilgrim Fathers. 'In that case,' said Mrs. Partington, rather anxiously, ' would the 'Merrikins come to London ?' ' Undoubt * edly, ma'am, ' replied her interlocutor, 'if they could.' 'Dear me I bow shocking !' Then after a pause, she .added, with a placid smile, and lifting up her hands, 'Well, well, . I'm very thankful , we live so near the barracks !' '- Ghosts. — 'Do you believe in ghosts, Mrs. Partington ?'r was asked of the old lady, somewhat timidly. 'To be sure I do, replied she, 'as much as I believe that bright fulminary there will rise in the yeast to-morrow morning, if we live, and nothing £/aDpens. ; Two apprenhensions have sariingly appeared in our family. Why, I saw my dear Paul,, a fortnight before he died, with my own eyes, jest as plain as I see you now, and it turned out arternrards to be a rosebush with a night cap on it ; I shall always think, to the day of my desolution, thar it was a forerunner, sent to me. T'other one came in $he night . «htg m were asleep, and carded, swoy ' three candles, ja^dapi^t of spirits that we kept in the -house for an embarkation. Believe in ghostes, indeed 1 I guess I do, and he must be a dreadful styptic as doesn't.' On School — 'People may say a« much as they please about the excellency of the schools,' said Mrs. Partington, very trerribly, 'but for my part, I think they are no better than they ought to be. Why, do you know,' continued she. in a big whisper, 'that Isaac's teacher has actually been giving him instructions in vulgar fraction.' She took off her spectacles and rubbed the glass, in her excitement putting them on bottom side up. The charge, we admitted, was a just one. 'Yes,'' continued she, brightening up for a new charge, like a slate beneath the action of a wet sponge, 'yes,' and see what other things they learn about moods and pretences, and all sorts of nonsense. Gracious knows we learn moods enough without going to school, and as for pretences, we find enough outside. There are too many pretenders in the school and out of 'em, without trying to make any more.' 