THE -POMEROY DRAMATIC COMPAIfY. . 'HAMLET.' Miss Pomeroy s very successful season terininatedlast evening, wiienthat talented lady was accorded a benefit, the famous tragedy of 'Hamlet'- being -the piece chosen (by request) for representation. There was alaige and fashionable audi ence ^present^ to Witness' Miss Pomeroy's farewell performance; and judging by 'the trequent -applause, tney were ? nigniy ae- ? lighted at the bill of fare. The piece, taken as a whole, ran very evenly, the performers being well up in their parts, and the stage management, with one or two exceptions,' being much better than on the last occasion this piece was placed before the public. ' Miss Pomeroy, in the title role, gained another ^ triumph by her masterly rendering of such a diffi cult! ^character 'as that she imdertook last : ' evening, : her 1 fibe physique, Jier .clever : disguise, and her :clear ' and correct enunciation of the1 Host' of 'fine passages 'which is allotted to' Hauilet -all .working so well iri unisou that a great success was the result. As Kiug Claudius, Mr Charles Hall played with true dramatic power;' his was a dignified, careful,1 and telling impersonation :of the: ?tricked-' king, and was ' a ' good ^support to1 M4ss Pomeroy. Mr Hall threw great feeling and force inio his many beautiful pas sages, especially into the pne^nthe third ( scene bf -the thii'd act, where, with! uplifted hands, he closes afine scene with? jt|ie following couplet ': ' I'My words jly upwards, my thoughts 'remain' 'beloW ; woids. without thought never! 60 heaven go.' Mr F. C. Appleton, as the Ghost, and,;Mr Elliot, as Laertes; both,; filled' their partB asit is intended they' should be, _ and.* were- loudly, -applauded;, on, several : occasions; j Miss - Brontdn jnade , a liandaome Ophelia, and playedjthe part 'well,j and thje,same(',inust be s^q^f '^Qss' Blanche Lewis' ? Queen andMiss Florence Lewis' Player jQueen. IVIr . fTl-' .JKen;, nedj^s Firet 'Grave Digger, itr Joyce's; Polonius,paiid;JMjf .J1. Gerald's \iHoratio, were excellent performances,,.; and we regret we cannot deal at greater length in reference to them owing to pressure on our Ispace. i The : 0remainder l of ihe caste was, as . usual, - well filled. - At the conchision »f. the piece. -Miss ^Pomeroy was galled before .the curtain, and received,. amid deaferiiug applause, quite 1 ja; cloud of handsome bouquets, ' in recog taltion of her performance, and as ; a fare well token ftom her many admirere in Launceston. The troupe leave for Hobart to-day, where, after playing for a short i season, they will make a tour of New.; Zealand. . ' - JL * * ' 