LAW REFORM (From the Logan Witness.) IF law is ever to be made easy of appeal to, it is only by one road, by reducing the payment for it to the common principles which guide the transaction of business. When the "legal practitioner" —we use statutory language — finds that he has no exceptional right of charge and the costs of legal business is left to be settled, if the parties so choose, between the lawyer and his employer, the rational instincts will come into play. The lawyer will want his work facilitating, because he will be left to the operation of competi- tion in his remuneration for it. If the client finds his notions as to the desira- bility or undesirability of law much more easily formed on a simple code than on a complex one, so much the better for the community who furnish the clients. And if the number of lawyers are reduced so much the better still. Are we not told, and we don't feel inclined to dispute it, that exceptional ability amounting almost to genius is required for a lawyer ? How much then must the wide field furnish by the other professions, increasing their de mands upon our educated -and intellec tual dasses be fertalised by .the diversion of some of this exceptional power to more beneficial channels. Ease the lawyer's j work go that one can do as much work as thiee jonld have done befbie-and there . are two to aid matenal progtess, as en < gineers, contractors, merchants-perhaps ! If they could so far condescend as "Editor ; fellows," or "leader writers." And we repeat it, the most efficient method ? f getting At law which shall not be dear! and ^hall be good, is to make it the lawyers own interesfcto have it simple in terms and ready of application There ought not to-be so much diffi culty in this, whatever may be said or sung by the lawyers themselves. He ?system of landed title we have hoe pro duces very few openings for litigation, and has only failed-and that partially m cuetang the expectations induced by it; It is still not so cheap as it might be. But it has done t»o good things which we cannot be sufficiently thankful for; and it has done them in the teeth of a mass of depreciatory evil prediction, which, at the time it was made, was rcndilyastnunding It fans swept away the whole of the tangles and webs each several filament having to be well paid for-which in the old times enve iojied what was facetiously called " the investigation of title"; and it has shown iwip ta^osfe^of ifeal: proSfei# ^?he common business cm be brought to to supersede the complex process of law. We want another stt^) takenin the same^gneral direction, the superseding of the absurd mode' hoarv with age, but from the same cau-ie very uncertain, not to say bad sys tem of nying purely mercantile, manufac turing and industrial cases by jnties who know little of commerce, less of manu facturing, «nd nothing the industrial trades. For many years past-the con tinent of Europe has bad its courts; of conciliation, iu which expeiia, Voagreat extent chosen by the classes conceited, touch on questions of aierely a technical nam re, without reference to rhe niceties of lfgal practice. Legal help is rendered, them to keep wiihin the limits imposed by statute law; but the ghost y array of precedents and its arrogant shackles they are not troubled wilh. The result is i thatin the vast mass of disputes which arise upsn -contracts for work and-in trade, $he lawyers »re seldom necessary j the tradesanrl tlie ftiePblianfcs apply their own knowledge under simple terms and settle the disputes themselves . - /Thus, with,; what we jhave done and what we might do, the subjects of 4hw might be diminished to a very small nil tuber. By rendering legal employment and legal charge a matter of mutual arrangement uuder simple previsions, to pi-event imposition, the legal profession would find it their intere-st that law should besimpliGed-the best man would still have,' as tbeyliHvenow,tlief prefer ence ;.1iut the absurdity of having.to pay as much to the stupid and ignorant, whose carelessness and blunders -land a c'ient in ruin, as to intelligent ability which saves him from it,, would no longer plunder the community or disguise the history of i litigation. 