Walt* &u;& Jfettritts. AN ADVENTOHE DT THULE. CHAPTEEm. 'Do yon «ee her?' slid Colin M-CJmont, in the same low voice, aa if tbe Frenchmen could bear mt that distance. 'Tea,' was the reply, as the younger lad described the small dot of a vessel away down there in tbe sooth. 'Do von think that is one of the smacks?' 'That is what I think.' Then be added : 'Colin, if they co by peaceably, and do not try to fcSl one of your father's sheep, we need not do anything ? They vill not know we are here.' 'What did I come out for' said the other, eoornfuHy. ' Whit did I come ont for but to let everyone of them know we ire here ! I want it talked about at Beikiavik ; that is what I am HTJulmig of. I do not wish to hare any more of my father's aheep killed. I wish them to take the story to Reads** tint there are people on Farriakeir now, and tint if anyone goes near to Farriskeir to have a ehot at the sheep — well, the shooting may not be all on one aide. It is not for nothing Oat I hare come to Farriskeir.' They rowed round the southern end of the island, and then to the eastern side made their wav into a small, naturally formed harbour which was protected by a low ridge of' rock. Over this rock the mast of the boat could be seen easily enough ; and that was what Colin M'Calmont wanted. Even if she French fishermen did not approach the Hand, they would at least see the mast of tbe boat (provided they came that aide), and would so gather that Farriakeir was not always to be a. hippy hnntrng-gcound for them. They got the anchor ashore, and made the boat fast ; then they had their own move ments to consider. 'Archie,' said ihe elder, 'if yon are afraid, go away to the owe at the end of the island ; they will never think of searching that.'' a' Whether I am afraid or not is no great matter,' said the other; 'it is where you ?re ttiatf I tm going to be.*7 ** Oh, vcxy well, then j we wiU now set About lotdisf tTiA pistol*' The pistol they had brought ashore with them ; likewise tbe canister of powder, some wads, and & nwmTl paper tng full of shot* ' Are you going to pat shot into it, Colin V «n'? fo*» younger boy, somewhat timidly, when T'' companion haH filled in the powder and rammed tbe wad home. ' Well, now, it is much more than X. that you know about this pistol, Archie ! but I was thinking if there were some shot put into it it would i'»Aa» the greater noise, and be more like » gnu. What do yon say to that now?' 'But yon will not fire at them V Colin M€0»*Tnftin|: laughed derisively — bnt not very Loudly. ' A™, that is a very fine thing f' said he. Who was it that wanted at the very beginning to have a shot at the Frenchmen ? Who was it that was not afraid of the sheriff at Storaoway?' ' Bat it would be a dreadful thing to kflTa ^?« Colin.*'* ' Now that is the truth yon are speaking. like the old man of Boss. The old man of Boas nerer said anything truer than that. And it is not I that want to be taken before the sheriff of Storaowav. ~No 1 1 am potting in shot to make a fine good noise ; font after wards I may also pat in shot ; do yon see that now ? This time is to make a noise, and giTe them a story to carry to Beikiank ; that time it will be if they want to land and chase as. And then every one to himself; that waa what the weasel said when he went home.' 'Colin,' said the younger lad timidly, 'when we were coming near the island I aaw two wild swans fly away. It is not a good sign to see the wild swans fly away from the island.' ' Your head is foil of nonsense,' said the other scornfully. '* They say the wild swana are princesses,' continued Archie Livingston, not heeding the taunt, ' that were changed by magic. And it is not a good thing to see them try away when yon come near the land.' ' It is many and many a wild swan I have seen — yes, thirty of them together, washing themselves and flapping tbeir wings in Locfa an-Innifi ; bnt nerer yet seen one that would wait till yon could put salt on its taO. Archie, my lad, your head is foil of nonsense. Bat if yon are afraid of wOd swans, or prim ??in»'Hj or anything else then there is the cave for yon ; and you can leave me to deal with the frog-eatera. This is what I'm afraid of ; that they may not come near enough — it is not the wild swans that I am afraid of. ' ?* And if I am afraid I am not going to run away,' said his companion. 'That is one thing I am not going to do. Where you are, Colin, it is there I am going to be,' ' Very well, then, we will go and get a good hiding-place behind tbe rocks ; and yon wOI be very quiet, Archie, so that, if they think about landing to steal a sheep, we will see it very plainly ; and then after the shot yon will do as I do — bnt not a word all the time. It wmm apt without a great deal of difficulty and cautions experimenting that Colin M'Calmont found a suitable hiding-place for himself and his companion. Bnt at Iut he discovered an abrupt little hollow behind a ledge of rode, where, himself onseen, he could peep over and watch the approach of the ▼easel that was now drawing nearer and nearer ; while, in the event of the ftthennen landing anSphrsoing them, they eonld from thispmntalipimperceivedap to the northern end of the island, where there was* care not likely to be discovered. The smaller lad lay prone on tbe rock, motionless, scarcely daring to breathe. His companion from time to time cautiously peered over the edge ; and now there waa do doubt at all that tbe vessel waa one of the French fishing-smacks bound for Iceland. M'Calmont took the precaution of patting a few grains of fresh powder in the pan of the pistol ; then they waited— in profound silence *roken only by the monotonous splashing of the sea along the rocks and the «*'ngip- Just ht front of hi* head, as he lay on the eloping ledge of rock, M*Calmont had placed a few tofts of withered heather.throDgh which he could easily see what was going on. And when the French vessel came along, and when he saw them deliberately put her head up to the wind, and lover a boat, and pat two men in tbe boat who calmly began to row to the island, his face grew red with vnger. He dared not even whisper to his companion who was lying tnnte and motionless besides him (and very afraid, too, though he would not have admitted it), and he was Bay ing to himself r 'If this now is not the most impudent thing ! Oh yes ! you will come and help yourself to a sheep — a sheep belonging to a loor man who has to work hard enough for his living ; and yon will have a good dinner on board ; and a good laugh when yon go to Iceland. It would take little now to make me fire at you and your boat yon— French fchieres !' Bat whether or not it was the fear of the sheriff at Stornaway. wiser counsels prevailed. When he had allowed the boat and the two men to come within thirty or forty yards of the island he took up the big horse-pistol and locked the hammer. Then holding it tight (for fear of the recoil) at arms' length from him, ie pointed the pistol along the gully behind him, and palled the trigger ; and tbe next second there was a sadden crash of noise in the silence, and a puff of splintering rock where the shot had struck. Archie Livingston looked terrified; but fCalmont. harine serious work on hand. turned to his hiding-place again, and peeped through the tofts of heather to see what effect this shot migbt hare had. The men in the boat were very obviously surprised. They had stopped rowing. One of fch**'i indeed, waa now trtf T^TPg up, closely scanning the shore, and M'Calmont kept him self closely concealed, for he knew that the smoke from the gunpowder would give them more or less vague indication of his where abouts. What would they do? Would they go back to the nahing-smack, merely with the impression that now there were people living on the island ? Or would they consider that they had been fired at^ and be tempted to make reprisals? He could see that they were excitedly talk ing to each other ; and one of them pointed to the creek in which 3rt*Caln.ont's aailiag boat lay ; then they put their oars into the water again, and continued rowing for the shore. 'They are going to land Archie !' said M'Calmont. in a quick whisper. 'Come along — sharp I We will make for the cave ; and there will be time to load the pistol there. Quick ! quick, now ! and keep low down.' Bat every nook and gully of the island was well known to both of them ; and they easily nude their way to the north end of the island without showing themselves on any of the higher rocks. Fortunately, too, for them their appearance earlier in the day had frightened the half-wild aheep over to the western side of the island, so that there was no scurrying of startled Miiirmiw to Bhow then* tracks. They reached the coast line again ; made their way along some rocks ; and then slip ping down cautiously, entered a small cave that just allowed them to stand upright. The floor was of sand and shells washed in by the nigh tides ; and a few tufts of eea asplenium showed their dark-green fronds in the Bhelves and crannies : otherwise the cave was pretty much of a bare black hole, with a surioBs Atmp odour of sesrweed in it. ' Now, Archie, the powder— quick !' — for ither the younger lad bad charge of the It cannot be denied that Archie's fingers were trembling eomewhat as he produced the tin cannister , but \ni$ companion did not notice that — he was too anxious to have the pistol loaded. And when that was completed he seemed to breathe more freely. 'Now do you see this Archie,' said the cheerfully, 'that we have the best of the other position ? For if they come after us and find ont the care, we are in the dark, and they cannot make us out, but they are in the light, and wiU eee everything they mean to do. And there only two of them ; and what I am determined on is this — if they try to do any barm to us, I will pat a shot into them, whether there is a sheriff in Stornaway or no.' ' It is no me speaking to them, for they do not understand any language bnt their own. And if they point a gun at you or me, it is I that will be firing first, or you may call me a splay-footed fellow. But as for you, Archie, if they find out the cave, you will go right to the back of tbe care, and yoa will lie down, with your face to the ground, and then they will never see yon at all. For it is better to be safe without lighting than to be safe after fighting, as the old man of Boss said.' They waited and waited, and there was uut- » Buunu uuuuur;, 'I wonder now,' the elder lad said at length, ' whether they thought X was firing the shot at them ? Perhaps they did not come ashore at all. That will be much better ; if they have gone back to the others and told them that the time is pact coir for having a sheep off Farriskeir.' ' I am sure I hope they bare gone away, Colin.' said tbe younger of the boys, who bad not spoken since they entered the cave. He had been listening for sound* without ; not quite certain whether, in the event of pursuit, he should take his companion's advice and hide, or whether he ought to lend what help he could. Suddenly Bomething occurred that made both the lads start. They found two eyes glaring into the cave — two large, soft, stanng eyes, and belonging to a bushy, flat shaped head; and then the next moment before they had time to recover from their fright, the strange creature bad tamed and made off as quickly as its webbed feet and long tail would allow. 'Well, I never saw an otter on laud before,' said Colin M'Calmont, who was the first to recover his presence of mind. ' He mast have come up through the sea-weed there. If it was not for the Frenchmen, maybe I could catch him yet ; for they go so very alow on land,' ' Colin, do not go out of the cave,' the other entreated. ' As for the otter what is bo. otter ? ¥on «m* tri-p one at Camus Head, if yon want one. And as for that one, he is down through the sea-weed, and into the sea long ago. Se wiQ be as far away as Rnaveg by this time.' Nevertheless, with the natural curiosity of a young lad. Colin must needs co to tbje month of the cave and peer cautiously around. There was no sign of any otter ; and there was neither sign nor sound of the French fishermen. Bat the next second fiome tJiinp else caacbt his eve. ' Archie,' come here !' he called oat. 11 Come here, now! see the smack is away » the north. I know that that is the same -ne from the red patch on. her mainsail, rbey hare gone away now, Archie. n 41 And a ffood thing too,' w».ifl the younger ad. coming out to the light and the warmer lir. 'Yes, that is the smack, Colin I nelieve. And now they will take the story » BeUriavik.' ' Yes,' said his companion with some dung of triumph in bis face and tone, ' That is true. And there wOI be no more stealing of thf sheep now. Af^i what we lave to do now is to wit some timber and jpars into the boat and get away off to the 'And yon wzU sot beafnid of the qaes aons any more, Archie, if the girls at the iheilling will be asking yoa why yoa went a Farriskeir. For did .we not prevent the Frenchmen ittrfAmp ? ttnH ^c have saved -ne or maybe more of my fathers sheep ; and the warning to the frog-eateni wiU be a good hfring besides. Thore is only the one thing now that I am sorry foe' *' And what is that, Colin?' *' That I did not have a shot at the otter.' 'That I am not sorry for,' said his friend who had regained all hi* ir'^Rfft confidence and cheerfulness); '? it was a more important ?ad never before did I hear my pistol make ' I thought my arm waa off,*1 said Colin, with a laugh. They had by this time got back to the gulfy behind the ledge of rock which they tad chow-n for thftir hi^^ip place, and some d»'*wcp beyond that again was 1Jh» creek where they had mooted tbeir sailing boat. All at once M'Calmont paused with a strange look on his fwi*. 'Archie, where is tta boat?' said be. The young lad glanced at him awe-rtrickeo. Q wu more from the look of Colin's face than Erom anything else tnat he cosned BoroBtbins ' Archie thevVe atalen the boat— theVvE taken away the boat !' aaid the elder lad, gazing at toe empty creek. 'That ia not possible Colin,' aaid the other (bat with a sudden «''*''g of the heart). 'They dare not do that. It would beeeen. They had no boat towing astern. Maybe they have hid it, Colin for a joke.' Without answering; Colin ran up to one of the higher plateaus, and eagerly scanned every littie indentation of the coast-line. But no mast was visible ! and the mast of the boat was higherthan any of these rocks. Then his quick eye noticed something Boating on the water some forty or fifty yards out, then something r?nn n TnnlriHi that he recognized * and then he knew what had happened. CHAPTER IV. But before going down to his companion he pulled himself together. He knew that Archie livingston was easily frightened ; and this tiiathad happened was enough tof lighten an older lad than he. M'Calmont descended from the plateau slowly, considering what he should say, and doing his best to assiuxie an indifferent demeanonr. ' Archie,' said he, ' there is no doubt about what tbe Frenchmen have done. They nave taken out the boat and sunken her. Yonder are things belonging to her, float ing on the water bnt not the oara, they have stolen the oars.' Almost mechanically the younger lad!^ eyes were turned to tile space of water in dicated by his companion : then be said aghast : ' Colin we shall die of hunger.' Colin had been prepared for this. ' Die of hunger 1' he exclaimed. ' Now you are talking like some poor cresture who has never been away from a town. You are tztihinrr like the tailor who ****'. to Bernera last year, and did not know that cattle could swim. ' How could we swim to the mainland T' aaid the younger lad who seemed ready to cry. ' It is twelve mBes aod more.' *' I did not mean that at alL I say yoa are Wiring foolishness when you speak of starvation and that yon ought to know better, being a HigM««a ]ad and not a tailor from Glasgow.'' Indeed, this '*«««i'g of his companion's spirits was giving M'Calmant himself plenty of spirits. 'Now, look here, Archie. The loss of the boat, that is bad; my father can 01 afford to lose the boat ; and that it a bard thins. But there is no more than that. They mil soon find out that we are here, and they wul arad over for vs ^ ano, until tfa^y send over for us; do yon think we win find enough and plenty to eat? Is there no dulse along the shore? Are there no coduuu in tbe ssndr -, ' One would think, to hear you talk, that yon were the higb Lord Provost of London, who eats all day long and half-way through the night, and only stops to steep for an hoar or two. Tell a-e thin now : if echins and dolse win not do. if it is to be like tile Lord Provost yon are wishing, could not I shoot ? sheep ? Just think of that and do not talk any more abort starvation.' 'fiat how will they know that we are here, Colin?' said the younger lad, looking far away over to the blue fine, with one or two higher peaks which represented the mainland. ' I will tell you a story Archie. It was a fishing-boat at St. Hilda, and she went away in the morning, with five men in her, and there was a, head storm during tile day, and the boat smashed on a small island— perhaps it was EQean Mor, and perhaps it waa Geattaire Mor, that is no matter ; bat the five men saved themselves. ' Very well, then ; what did they do ! They gathered bits of (ticks, and dried heather, and the like, and they made them into five fires, and their wives and the people at St. Kilda saw the fires and they knew that all the men were saved. 'Now does this storytell yon anything, or does it not tell yon nothing?' 'We will light a fire tonight. Count' said the yonnger lad, eagerly. 'We wfll not. What would be the use of tbMt ? They vill not be looking out for as at all ; for they will think that we have gone away up to the BheOhng with bread for the girls. But to-morrow tbe girls win be Bending down ; and then they will ask where we are ; then there will be a search every where ; and then in the evening we will have a. large heap of wood together and dried, too ; and they will see (he fire well enough.' ' WHI we have to stay on the island to night, Colin?' said Archie, looking appre hensively around for hit mind was stocked with the mysterious legendary tales and fancieB of these northern solitudes.' 'I do not say that, Archie,' replied his companion grimly. ' If you can swim to the mainland, (here will be no need to pass the night on farriskeix. Bat if you can. it ia not I that can. It is agood swim from Farriakeir to the white sands of TTig.' And then he looked oat at one or two objects floating in the water which told him where the Frenchmen had sank the boat. 'Yes,' said he, 'and they have sunk our oateake, too, and onr bottle of water. I know where there are two springs, bnt the aheep tread over them And if we dean them oatitwfllbea longtime before they settle. So we will do that first, Archie. Yon wiU clean ont tiie springs, and I will go to I&e; wreckage that my father and the rest of them collected, and I vill get two or three boards and pat over tile springs, so that the sheep not tnmple over them.*1 The first spring they went to looked un promising enongh, it wss more like a path of green xmre in a hollow of one of the grass plateaus. But they sought out its source, a&d; the yonnger lad set to work to remove the mnddy herbage, while bis companion went away for two or three planks. Twi^ix^ they bad plenty of wuik cut out for tiiemselvea during the day. They had hunted for dulse. Thev each cot a Diece of [ron from off the wreckage and dng in the soft Band for eachens. And then they gathered bracken for their bedding * whereupon rose the question as to where they should pass the night. 'Tbe driest place would be die cave,'esid Colin, 'and you will Bee by the withered sea weed on thes bore that it is many a day aioce the sea washed any sand into the care. There is no danger of that atalL It is with the spring-tide and a heavy gale from the west that you might have water in the cave.' 'Colin,' said the other, doubtfully, 'I have heard about wild-cats being about the caves.' 'There is not a wild-cat on the idand,' said the other impatiently. ' Do yon think that wild-caoi swim from the mainland ? It is all very well for an otter to swim from the mainland, and if an otter comes into the cave, who will be the more frightened ? It ia not vnn m- T lint 4-ha rA*or *!»» zntfl j»4- « f..' .1 I Jf be comes in the night-iinie and finds as there asleep. And this is what I am *tiiwlr|ng of now, Archie ; will we not take some of the planks into the cave, and pnt them on the sand and put the bracken on them ; and that wOl make a very good bed indeed. Oh, we wOl do very well. Yon know what they say : when you cannot get a deer of ten be satisfied with a deer of eight.' He was a shifty lad ; and when the two companions that night, having had their snpper of «*«'*?'-?, with a good drink of clear spring water, went and lay down on a comfortable bed of bracken made np within the cave, they could not be considered to be very badly oft Bat what chiefly exercised Colin M*Cal monfs mind (though he said nothing about it to Archie) was as to the way in which bis father would receive the loss of the boat. Would he take into consideration hie eon's good intentions ? Or would he jump to the conennion that he had lost this valuable piece of property simply throngh an inexcusable outburst of boyish folly? It was a aerions question; for old M'Calmont was a strict disciplinarian. In the meantime Colin had hot little donbt about *''»a°lf and his companion being able to get back to the mainland— when onee they had a great bonfire lit on the highest point of Farriakeir. Tbe gray dawn broke. 'Colin,' said the yonnger lad who had not slept much, 'did you bear the strange sound, in the night?' ^^ 'No, I heard no Bounds at all,' nid bis companion, drowsily. 'There were cries and strange noises £ Ida not wish to have another night on the island.' ' It iB yoor head that is full of nonsense ; and yon were hearing the sea-pyots aod ? cariewa. How I am going to sleep again.' ?*I cannot sleep any more,' the younger lad Mid. ' Now that there is daylight I *m going to the spring for a drink of fresh water.' Colin M*Calmont tamed himself over on Ids bed of bracken : and the younger Ud wandered ont into the sfleoce and solitude of the early morning. Very soon M*Cslmont was a&leep; again. He wsb not on over imaginative person ; he did not bother bis head about dreams and potents ; and, besides, they bad been op very early the previous morning. Hie bed of bracken was soft enough, and there was no Bound to break the silence save the drowsy mnrnmr of the sea outside. He was fast asleep. J Bat suddenly he found himself wakened again; and he became grimly aware that Archie Livingston had a tight grip of bis arm and was kneeling beside him. He roused himself. He found that his companion was all trembling, and that he could, scarcely Bpeafc. ' What is it, Archie ?' he said. ' I — I have seen one of them,' the younger boy gasped, and Btfll he clung to hiB com panion's arm as if for safety. 'Oh Colin it's a terrible sight ! Quite pUin— down by the rocks — it did not move.' Colin sat ap and rubbed his eyes. 'What ia this now?' said he, with a trifle of impatience. 44 It is no foolishness this time,' the younger lad said almost entreatingly. ' You will Bee for yourself, Colin, if yon have courage to go. It is like a woman. It is one of the princesses. Bat she did not see me ; or she would have changed into a swan and flown away. But it was a terrible, terrible eight ; I wfll never forget it till the day I die/1 ?4 1 tell yon, Archie,' said the other angrily, 'that if yon let ench nonsense come into yoor head it ib mad yon will be in time. Gome aod let me see yonr princesses and yonr wildswans! And if it is a wiid swan, perhape I wfll tackle him before he flies away/ fie got up and Bought ont the horse-pistol, which be had pot in a dry place. ' Come away, now, and let me see yoor wild swan that is like a princess.' 'Oh, no, I cannot ! I cannot Colin !' said lite younger lad, who was still trembling. ' Rat I sav von muL mw. I will not the nop^*nM ont of your head. Do yon wish to become tnad aod go through the villages like Alister, the piper's son, and the children make a fool of von f And then he took to the ironical method. *' Do you know tiiis now, Archie, that I never heard of a ghost yet that would stand to have a charge of buckshot put into it. It will be fine nowtohave ashot at a ghost. Come away, Archie ; and if we meet any ghost or princess, or anybody of that kind it is I who will go forward and meet them and say, 'Good morning.' For that is good manoezs to & stranger ; and my father has tine farming of Farriskeir ; and if a stranger comes to Farriakeir, it is not I that would be bo unfriendly as not to say * Good morning.*11 It was with the greatest reluctance that Archie Livingston consented to go oat from the cave again with his companion ; and, when at last he undertook to show H*Oalmont where he had seen this strange tiling, he advanced 'with stealth? sten and hated breath. Of course, M'Calmont did not expect to see anything. It was to care the imagination of the boy that he had imsted on going to the spot. And therefore he went on unheeding, chiefly watching the wild birds tint were fly ing about. A± a certain eminence ouoneof the lxttie plateaus, Archie livingstan gripped his arm, and he stopped to ask what ttriB meant ; bat at the same moment he caught sight of some thing down by the shore there, that despite all his determination, made liin ff** turn perfectly white. He could not budge. He stood stall ; but he found himself incapable of There, sure enough down near the water's edge, and seated on a rock, was a figure. It could not be an optical illusion ; for they were both regarding the same spot. And it was the figure of a. woman, too — bent forward, her face resting on her bauds and covered. And this woman was not dressed as any person in the Highlands dressed. He stood and stared ; trying to get the better of this thumping of his heart and summoning to his aid all his declared disbelief in ghosts. Thai the woman down there lifted her head —wearily, as it seemed to him ; then she caught sight of the lads, aod sprang to her feet with a slight cry and advanced to them — her hands stretched oat before her, and she was saying something. Now when Bhe made this sudden and quick advance, Colin M'Cal mont, despite himself, retreated a couple of steps ; but he kept his face towards her ; and then he stood. (To be conchided next issue. ) 