OUTWIT'INiG 'THE BBf-X SGANDS. (From Chamber's Journal.)" IT was on such a mornizg as oe fog:hurturied islanders seldomni witness -'at home, that I stood upon the 'deck' of the"good steamer Couoeanw douros, watching the nearing shores of the Pirrous, which'as'all the'world kliows or should know, isttie port'of the classic cityj of Athens. The beautiful unclouded sky ;'the bright outline of the sun-bathed coast; the air laden with the scent of the distant Hymet. tus;* the far eminence with"the griand old Acropolis standing out white and'bold in" the clear atmosphere; 'and close. at hand' the mouldering tomb of Thomistoeles-all corm bined to arouse 'such 'poetid fancies in, my mind, thatI forgot for the momerit the pro sale business upon"'hich'I had'comeo. The screaming engineoof the busy' little railwiiyj which carries the'traveller froma the Pireous to Athens, soon reminded me, however, that I was' accredited with' a` mission 'fromi a London Greek" firnm to' their friends in the Attic city;i and I was sdb'n whirling oiver 'the sacred ground "" ' ' YWhere History gives to vdiryrood a page o1;.' We passed the monuments of those 'doughty champions of the War of"' Inidependence, Karaiskakis and, Miaulis; andinmany' other objects of interest; and' after a ridoeof three or foor miles, I found myself at 'my ' destine. After the first few 'daysI' certainly had a' very pleasant time ofsit, the fe lionurs' work' each day acting only as a 'stimulus to my varied pleasures; and having' examined the Acropolis, and lunchedhby the fallen pillar of 'Jupiter, seated myself .in the ruins of thd Pnyx-whence Demosthenes 'declaimed, and Pericles evolved his plansa-I looked around like Alexander, for more worlds to' conquer. I thereupon consulted my'genial biet un. .washed host; KyIrl( Antonio'PeriolesPappii demotracopoulos-who; althodgh "Plato was to. him a 'text-book,'.and the"sayings of Socrates as familiar as the story'of' Tommy and Harry to an' English sohoolboy;vwas al. ways as dirty" as a sweep-upon the 'pro priety of botaking myself to where' ' The mountains lok'on' Marathlon, . i And Marathon lookb 6dntho sea' For one might :ass"Wll gb"to Egypt'withoet' visiting the Pyrainidd,"or'r"to'Romu Witheot' entering St. Peter's' aitb t'do ':" Grece' and leave Marathon unexplored:' And 'vhen' my' host tried to dise?sade'mou l' d asdrini g sa that a Greek' geitleman's, ear lhad beeon" sent:'a fortnight before by the brigand:i' to hisob4ti:' nate relatives, to hdirry the negotiatioos ,for his ransom, it so roused my, blood, that' I vowed I would' go il r'rstiniedd 'as 'close cropped: as an Enilish terrier:" Sb" asway w'' started-myself aod Themistocles, the son of my "host, a sallow nalshaven" youth ~dirtler than his father-mounted 'iippo ',two hight' spirited donkeys, our revolesrb'vell primed, and our commissariat wvell istokd 'ed .Adios Kgirlel ' ashouted ny' lons namd host as we canteredoff iNever fear,' I rephid,'wavig my'srevelver defiantly, and feeling tdat I shbuld be greatly disappointedif the rascals did hot show them eolves. ' ' " On we went, cnjuyiny'thu soonery andi hlid ing' a' hybrid conversation'-ho in 'broken English, and I in sadly mutilated Greek until in the excitemenit of the ride, and the glorious panorama constantly unfolding ltself to our view, I entirely forgot that there were such beings as brigands in 'rxistence. ' . 'Now,' said I to Themistooles, after a ride of some hours,'during which mhy appetite had become unpleasantly' sharpened, let us look 'about for a spot where we. an bivouao in comfort.' -' . We soon found a delightful place, sholtered all round, save where, through a small open. ing, we obtained a view of a' charming land soape. Dismounting, and allowing our animals to refresh'themselvea on the grass, we soon made Ihavoo bf the good things we had brought.' I was lying ,upon my back smoking a cigarette iifter the meal, galing dreamily 'ant! the blue flrmanont''and being 'too lazy to rise, had canellJinoi Tnreml' ,still indisposed to turn my head. 'Thomio ,tocleol'. " u.. Bu.Themistoeles heard me not; and when I raised myself upon my elbow, I saw him standing, as if struck dumb and motionless kyith fear, staring upon the opening. Instine tively 1 leaped up and clutched my revolver; ,but befor I took a step, thocauose of Thomis toolep'. fear became, apparent; and three shaggy forms behind three blunderbusses aimed diroot at]me, made me fully aware that I waesin the presence of those scourges of ,Greece,- the brigands I But oh I what a metamorphosis I Wherewere the natty green jackets with silver buttons, the plumed hats, and the tout ersemble of the brigands of my youth, of the operas] and the picture-books? Three ragged, disreputable-looking figures, clad in greasy sheep-skins and dirty clothes, unkempt, unshaven,took the place of those tinselled heroes, and with stern gestures and muttered threats, ordered us to follow them. My first thought was resistance; but when I showed thel slightest signs,. the three bell mouthedminuskets were bent towards me; and I felt that the odds were too many, and deter mining 'to await events, grimly submitted to be led down.the mountain by our unsavory guides. At last, after winding through ravines and holloews,. across glens and over mountain paths innumerable, this most unpleasant journey pended by our guides calling a halt as we gainmd the summit of. an eminence sur rounded by trees and tall rocks, forming an extraordinahrynatural fortress. Beneath our ooet in a deep ravino, with seemingly but one "outlet, and qxeellently. sheltered by over hanging "foliage, was the camp of the bri. iands'; and herel w'oound the rest of the shaggyrfltan's-with the exception of one who saetood seantinel-enjoying their siesta with indolent codhtet. . A shrillwhistle smon broughtitho rascals to their fet ; and rushing up to meet us, they displayed a dozen of as unfavorable spoci. mens of the human race as could well be fdiiond.Seinifig our-asses by their bridles, they relieved'ouraaptors, and led us down the ravine; and' laving roughly assisted us -to dismount,hbrought.us into the presence of the c'iif of'thb' hand,.J._ \- 'Bravo,, ladsl excellent,, excellent I' he 'slieted, as his sparkling eyes bent upon us in delight;, and alter a cursory examination, we were conducted, amid the excited gesticula tions of the brigandsoand without undue ccre mony, into.a dark cavern within the ravine. ..' Shiver my mnaintops I' exclaimed a voice as I groped my way in; 'they might give us soa-room, the.vagabends, and not land us in this lubberly creek; and now they are shov ing more craft in to anchor ' .Haul in, Jack, old chuml' answered another; 'lwe must make the best of a bad job, mate.' . . To saythat my heart leaped to my mouth at hearing such unexpected words, and find ing myself in the. company, of my own countrymen, would no more. than describe the, cheering sensation that thrilled through me. , %,What cheer, mates? ' I cried in the dark ness.. Answering exclamations of astonish meontgreeted my. words; and in a few ,minutes,'ur. stories were told ;, and I learned that my.nov-found friends were the Captain and supercargo. of a ship then lying in the port of the Pirmus, who, seeking a like object, had met with a similar fate to my own. ... oAnd no?,' said. Captain Jack Jenkins, 'how..are we to get out of this scrape? If I had Tim, and Joe and Black Tom, each with 'a cutlass arid a barking-iron here, we'd soon make a passage, I'd warrant I S" That's all very well,' said Will Johnson thse upercargo; 'but we haven't. If I'd but the opportanity given me, I'd guarantee' : Whatever the supercargo. was about to say was cut short by the advent of. two shock heads attho little opening of our prison, and two, harsh voices calling us-as my guide Thomistocles,informed .us-to partake of a feast;., for we learned afterwards that the chief, in commemoration of having made such a good haul, had decided to allow us, his prisoners, to partake of the general festi vity. But as a preliminary, we had to under go an examination as to our capability of paying the' anticipated ransoms." First,, we were relieved, of our watches and rings, the Captain. using language rather' strong for translation to these pages, 'to the great amusement of his tormentors, who with simi lar gesticulations to his,r endeavored to imi tate the sound of the 'Captain's' words, which of course'only 'added to his wrath and their hilarity. . 'You uncombed, dirty- faced vagabonds I ' he "shouted, 'if I had a few of you aboard the Aiiiie Ma?lrtin, I'd twist your ugly heads' over the yard-arm in the twinkling of a jiffy I ' 'Of cotirse they only'laughed the lou'der at his impotent rage; and I thought it quite as well'that they did not 'understand the lan guage in which he gave it vent. SThe operation of stripping us of our valu ables gave me an' opportunity to 'observe the appearance' of my companions. Captain Jenkins was the beau-ideal of an English sea man.' In age about thirty-five, of a large and robust build, a face broad, manly, and bearded, and limbs such as would delight a esculptor';to copy. His height was nearly six :feet; and he had an air of command about him which was doubtless bred of his occupa tion, The supercargo, Will Johnson, was perhaps ten years younger ; nearly as tall as his friend, strong and active; and take us altogether-for I am of no mean stature myself '-we were three men who, under any cihielstances, 'would be no disgrace to our couaitry; and if, any opportunity should arise'for an' attempt at an escape, I felt cer tain that:~v shouldgive as good an account of' urselves' as any seratoh" three,' here or the'ri'e I Having satisfied themselves of theovalou of my. lato'father's: watch, which I 'parted trom ivithl some emotion, and of the intrinsie worth bf the'Captain's gold chronometer, as well as the supercargo's watch and diamond xing, we ivre'interrogated,' through Thomistooles, as to outr means. For myself, the name of the firm I was travelling feor acted with a tali. manic effect upon them, and I was immedi ately assessed-notwithbtanding my protests tions-st three hundred pounds. At this price, too, thoe Captain's freedom was valued; while the unfortunate supercargo-whose busieess they' persisted in confounding with haot of'owner oefthe cargo and ship-was unanimobusly voted to be worth twice our ransom. Having arranged this mitter to their own'satisfacetion, it not to ours, we were told tbI sit down and enjoy ourselves with w'hat appetite we could muster. SThesmell of the roast lamb sid the freshly baked merl-cakes, however, soeen aroused pleasanter sensationsr and dimmed for a time the memory of our griefs : more especially as, tinder the'apparent certainty of obtaining his booty, the 'chief condescended to be quite patroniting towards us, carving the joints himself for us, and delicately handing on the point of a dagger, our several portions. After we had satistfed our hunger with the more solid viandS, wd were regaled with dried fruits 's deesert;:and, a large jar of a poeeliar :eleery.-alored but bad-tasting wine of a r0. airous' flavor--whlo h Thomistoclas described as the common wvine of the country-was brought in and set down in the midst of us. This woe told them we could not drink; and the chief very generously ordered us a couple of bottlesfrom his own particular store, doubt. less thle prbe0~olt.smid ? owell-to. ~·-'-*ry* rqgy hoIat and hitr?lnds rt "1 ner and franeh Cl?r.g, f with many remarks, Themistocles,evidently too, by sleight-of-hand adept-bc performed som cave them a music-hall adr bchorus, and wound up , companied by the Capta comb and a piece of pa thusiarm know no boune browed vagabonds laug rolled down their cheeks. Will now beh.oe on with them all, that lhe some freedoms with thel snatched the horn from installed himself in the o the wine out of the wide-: handing it round to the coma was complete? *For heaven's sake I' sa uj,;' dio't" as i fr tir? drink much of y own.' ' 'Never fear,' Ed Jenkin face; 'one taste is autlicien And so Will went round v ing a comical remark to thi: ace at that, until the chief from their hilarity that the much-ordered them to desist and return to their several di Meanwhile, we Were sent dungeon, with a sentinel e' opening. 'Not a word,' whispered W down in our prison.-' Her Captain,' he continued, ' that ' Why,' said the Captain i handed him the article,monti stopper out of my medicine'l 'To be sure it is, Jack,' and I must apologise for the ingyourlaudanum phial ; but back-tooth was so painful on last night, that I gbt up an luckily forgot to return it thi: must debit ma with the bott tents, for I dropped them both bonds' wine-jar I ' SWhat ' we all ex aimed 'Now, stop yourcl cpera I' supercargo.-' Jack, y?u know sleight- of-hand trick.. We' valuables, and then lhavi lion of waiter, what was e: the bottle down my elect per, and drop the lot in mg the bottle a crack ae num up, every time I dip lBravo, Will I' cried? his hand and giving it a hear that's the case, we're safe; faced rascals won't wake t b for I'll be bound. Therel olug guar off already I ' And sure enough, the rows planted himself right acrose?sre' was snoring loudly, 'Now for itll' cried the im Jenkins, rising. Hold hard Ilz'said Will ' . " well off.' So, setting ourselves down for we talked the matter over. At this time, we sent the trembling to see how things were o'i - peoping over the -prostrato-a. us to understand that all were sh three, and they were retiring to end of the ravine, and would in out of sight. SCapital I ' said Will, with stri citement. ' Now, each take a p outlass from tihe fellows, and folkt One after the other we sleeping brigand at the tont 4 ing him of his pistol, dirk, i ' while the Captain and I . give him hiis quietus at the 'h his waking. 'Thln the four ghosts, assisted ourselves to whate we could most easily lay hands us. Themistooles was not of much u. ing, we gave him the bag co t valuables-which we found by the sleeping chief-as well:as several el to carry. Picking our way without a word, we advanced towards tile the ravine, and just as we turne jutting piece of-rock, we saw the t nels, seemingly in earnest convers. ' Haltl I' whispered Will. ' Now I and each singling out his man sne his rille by the barrel-for we a noise of shooting--es sprang to most simultaneously, and befor had time to observe us, we were ul and three rifle-stocks descended shock heads with such force, that t follows droppedilike stones. Thie t rifle glanced off the hard head of in nist and crashed against the rock. stifled cry, he turned; but in an in hand was upon his thiroat, and.tlt died in his gullet ; while with the st: desperation, I dashed his head ag walltlike rock ; and after a struggle he wounded me with his dagger-I- c my grasp, apparently lifeless. 'Now,' said the Captain, ' whe: donkeys ?-Come, Greeky I ' he around, we espied our four animals, left thom, but with a brigand oittin Here was an unlooked-for reneoutrd fully a hundreds yards oil, and to we should have to cross a smallipla S'Loave him to mel' cried Jenki ing to rush forward.But under tha thsuporcargo, hoe stopped. Wo c piokedhim off easily, but dared eo noise of the ridles. SHan itt ie impatioently mutteredl we shall be trapped again, after without lurther porlay, th npomt started off, running on the tips oe with a drawn cutlass in one hand tol in the other. Just asllhe was wi yards of the brigand, the latter turn and seeing how matters stood, mad rifle, which was leaning against a tree feet off ; but a revolver hurled deftly Johnson-for we had all followed-a him directly in the face, so effeotually a his progress, that he fall stunned t ground. S'You persist in doing all the workl Jenkins as we came up to him, ' But lads; off we go I' and in a moment ? on our asses, and under the guidance Greek companion, were making with, neck speed for Athons. Up hill, dow on we went for a couple of hours 0 stopping or meeting a human being; just as we were about to cross the su; amountain at which we lhad arrived, a less-looking peasant wished us ge and wasabout to pass on. ' Soire him I' cried Theemisteles Bonut.' So saelo him wo, did, for can and as there were no trees near, a hands and leogs together, and left IC for mercy. But there was no r morey more especially as Themistol, oe that there was such a curious an 01 connection between the brigands a that it was by no means unliky allowed him to go free-ho woul)Ia.s* the nearest village and roussoi semi- brigands about us. | a Having travelled for four h n aaa asses could soarooly got alon alled a halt I and after rej' U watering our animals, "0 a journey, -tiora e. ' we soon 