gUmtgcmenjg. ACADEMY OF MUSIC. Mr. W. S. Rainford's Panorama of the Egyptian War was presented for the first time at the Academy of Music on Saturday evening, and, like the majority of entertainments in which an accompanying distribution of gifts forms a leading feature, it was a most pronounced failure. The programme was divided into two'parts, one in which some fifty views were shown on a screen, and the other consisting of sODgs and dances, concluding with what was termed a laughable farce. As to the former (which, by-the-way were presented inversely), they were of the meanest order, and those persons who had attended for the sole purpose of gaining some knowledge of the late campaign in Egypt were thus sadly disappointed. What many of them were intended to represent it would be impossible to accurately state, for no printed programme was issued, and the lecturer fell into all sorts of errors concerning them. On one occasion, in describing what appeared to be the bows of a troopship with a few sailors sitting over the sides, he Where are they?" returned a voice in the gallery, to which the lecturer responded by asking .the audience, then for the third time, to excase any shortcomings. This sort of thing prevailed throughout the evening, but at other times the bungling was not so noticeable as on this occasion, inasmuch as the views might have represented almost anything. As to the lecturer himself, it is difficult to conceive why such a person should have been chosen for the position. The few sentences which he read on the subject of each view, when placed on the screen, were delivered without the slightest regard to the rules of the English language. All aspirates were omitted by him, and the frequently used word " cavalry 3 ' was rendered as the more sacred "Calvary." In one instance the gallantry and valour of the soldiers were said to deserve the General's "condemnation," instead of "commendation :" and, in fact, throughout, what with his novel and quaint pronunciation of Egyptian localities, such as " Tel-ee-kee-beer'' and " Ar-eh- by Pawshaw," and his self-acquired rendering of the honoured Queen's English, the more intelligent portion oi the audience were completely disgusted, and ofttimes gave vent to their feelings b> outbursts of satirical laughter. At the conclusion of the first part of the programme another apology was made for the failings in what had then taken place, and a hope was expressed that the forthcoming part would make amends. A couple oi solos were then sung, in one of which there was a breakdown, and afterwards a member of the company, whose name was not known, helped to raise the dust by the quick pattering of his feet on the stage. Following these was the laughable farce referred to, the title of which was given out as " The 'Aunted 'Ouse," and in order that our readers may have an ideaof what was supposed to be the redeeming feature in the programme we give the plot. A nigger is left in charge of a house, and at once sets to work to post up his master's books. A ghost, having black trousers protruding through a sheet, twice enters and removes the ink pot from one side of the table to the other. A third entrance is made by the grim visage, this time for the purpose of blowing out a candle which was placed on the table. It then seated itself on the chair formerly occupied by the nigger. The Ethiopian then falls on top of the spirit and a scramble ensues, in the midst of which the curtain falls, thus ending an entertainment endurable only on account of the extreme absurdity of the whole proceeoings. There seems to be an opinion amoDgst travelling showmen that* anything' will gain support in Adelaide, but we would respectfully remind them that such is not so, and we would also advise novices such as Mr. Bainford and his company to see that everything is properly in order before attempting to meet a South Australian audience as professionals. Several articles were given away by Mr. Bainford at the close, including what was said to be a valuable gold watch, which fell into the hands of Mr. John Lipman, who is at present residing at the Metropolitan Hotel. The Panorama will be repeated this evening. THEATRE ROYAL.—There was a very large attendance at the Theatre Royal on Saturday night to witness the fifth repetition of " Boccaccio." This very amusing opera now runs so smoothly that the office of the prompter must be a sinecure. It is so amusing that it extorts uncontrollable laughter from the most stolid and morose. BICYCLING.—-The Prince Alfred Bicycle Club bad their first run (to Modbury) on the 17tli inst. There were nine members present. Modbury was reached early. On their way back they paid a visit to Mr. Sudholz, who very kindly showed them over his garden. After making good use of their time they started for home, and town was reached at 7 p.m., after a most enjoyable run. SCOTTISH CONCERT. — A concert under the auspices of the Caledonian Society will be given in the Port Town Hall this evening. SEMAPHORE INSTITUTE. — The bazaar in connection with this Institute was continued on .Saturday afternoon and evening, In the evening a clearing sale by auction took place, and was attended by very fair results. 