lates attfl gMâts. AN ADVENTURE IN THULE. CHAPTER V. (Concluded.) "ARCHIE," said Colin, in slow voice, "it is a woman. It is not any ghost. I cannot make out what she says except 'peety, peety!' " The young woman came nearer to them - now timidly and slowly-her hands still out- stretched, and tears running down her face, while she spoke rapidly and imploringly. This appeal, which was a mute appeal so far as she was concerned, drove any remnantt of fear out of his mind ; he forgot even his timid companion behind ; he went forward to her, wondering how he could convey to this poor lady that they wished to bc very friendly to her. He shook his head to let her know he did not understand her, and then she, with a great deal more of gladness in her face, for she could not but see that the lads wished to be friendly, began to try to explain her ¡ situation by signs. And again and again she pointed to the north, though there was no boat visible. " Colin," said tho younger lad, " she has been going to Iceland in one of the smacks ; and the smack has got wrecked and she has been saved." " How could that be ? Her clothes have not been in the water." " Colin, say France to her and you will see if she is French." Colin repeated the word to her, which, to tell the truth, was all of the French lan- guage that either he or his companion knew ; and instantly the young lady nodded eagerly . and said something which of course they did not understand. And now that they had began to communicate with each other by signs, it soon became clear that the younger lad was much sharper at that than his companion. In fact, Arohie Livingston beoame the inter- preter. "When she means 'yes,' " said he, to his companion, "sometimes she says see and sometimes wee; but a nod of the head is still surer. And she says she will go with us to the mainland ; and how am I to tell her that we have no boat, and that she must wait till the evening before we can light the bonfire ?" "Well, you must get on as well as you can, Archie," said the other ; and there is the whole day for you to talk to her with your head and your hands ; and in the meanwhile I am going to dig for eachans, for who knows when the lady may have had anything to eat T" "Do you think she will eat eacbans ?" said Arohie doubtfully. " It is better to eat eaohans than to starve," said the other. " You do not need the old man of Ross to tell you that. And if she is from France, people who eat frogs need not turn up[their noses at eachans." In not much more than a quarter of an hour Colin M'Oalmont returned, carrying in both hands a sort of basket made out of thee fronds of bracken, and in this green nest lay a quantity of eachans, like so many eggs, all washed white and clean. He put them down in front of her, and took out his pocket- knife and opened a few, as one might oysters : and these he offered to her. What sue did was singular. She took his hand and pressed it, and then smiled and shook her head. " Perhaps she is not hungry," Colin said, after a second. "Perhaps she does not like shell-fish raw," said the other. " Could yon not roast some, Colin, as the mussels are roasted ? Could we not make a small fire now, and roast sorne eachans in the ashes ?" " I see no difficulty about that whatever." Nor was there. He collected some tufts of withered heather and broke one or two pieces of wood and put underneath the pile a piece of the copy of the Oban Tima that he had brought with him for wadding ; and at the edge of the paper placed a small pioye. The flint from the horse-pistol and the back of his knife did the rest, and soon they had a small fire barning-the precursor of the great bon- fire of the evening. When the eachans were roasted Colin picked out some of them from the ashes with a bit of stick ; and Archie when they were sufficiently cool to be touched, cut them open and offered them to the lady. Tears came into her eyes as he did so. He thought it very strange that any one should cry for no apparent reason ; bat he was glad to see that she took one or two of the roasted shellfish. " I am thinking," said the elder of the lad, " that she is only taking them to please us. If she was hungry she would be quicker. I wonder now if it is not a drink of water she would rather have than anything else? These French people are very unfortunate that they speak such a language.'' But Archie Livingston, taking the hint, went away along the shore, kicking the sea- weed about until he found a large scallop shell, which he washed free of sand in the nearest pool. Then he went away over the grassy hillocks tiU he came to the spring, where he filled the shell Te carry any- thing like the fall quantity hack was clearly impossible; but at least there was enough to let her understand that there was fresh water \- * on the island. And how grateful the young lady seemed I She patted the boy on the head-on the shoulder-on the hand. And she spoke to him, though she knew he could not com- prehend what she said. " Bot did you hear that, Colin ?" he said, turning to his companion. " She said a great deal about 'meroy.' She said the water was a mercy. Now, that is what they say also in England ; when yon have your food put be- fore you-the meat and the drink-and when you do not ask the blessing in Golic, Ithen you have to call these things on the table ' mercies.' She most be very well brought np and not a heathen at all." ' ' Bnt this is what I am thinking cf Archie." said the other ; " that the little water you can get in a scallop-shell is not of much use to any one. And if I oould understand the lady as well as you can, I would ask her te go with me to the spring, and there she can have as much water as she likes." When this proposal waa conveyed to her she folowed ber guide gladly ; ano: when they reached the spring, she drank of the water freely by means of thia shell. And they went back to the fire, where Colin M'Calmont was having his breakfast; and the young lady made signs to the younger lad that he, too, was to join in that feast of roasted eaohans, and that she was quite contest. "Well, this is a strange thing,"said the younger one ; " hut when we get back to the mainland we will know all about it, for my father knows French as well as Latin and a great many other things. "But what is the use of knowing French ?" said the elder lad wbo was a practical youth, and better acquainted with the pnce of sheep. " The ase of it ? The use of it is to make you a learned person, and then the people pay yon for teaching others," "But your father does not teach anyone French, Archie." " Well, then the nie of it is to make you not so ignorant as the other common people. When Sir Evan Roy Domes to Glen Eitra he will be speaking quite freely with my father ; but the other ones they] tum to think about their English." " I think Gffilic is as good a language as any ; and also that it is more easily spoken than any other." " Bnt of what use to you is Gaelic if you go away from Lewis ? For my part I should like to know six or seven languages. " " That would bc a fine thing 1" said the other, with a laugh of scorn. "To spend all yonr.life in learning the languagea of other people ; and then, when you had got them, it is time to die, I think one language is quite enough for any one ; and Gojhc is the easiest." When they had finished their breakfast, they also went and had a drink of freBh water ; and then they Bet to work to carry up to the highest plateau a pilo of tho wood that plentifully bestrewed thc western shores of thc island- some of it indeed having been hauled up above the water mark for transportation to the mainland. The steamer had been comparatively a new ono, and much of this wreckage consisted of internal fittlngB-cabin doors and tables, bottle ranges, benches, lockers, and what not-that had been wofully smashed. " It is very bard to burn all thiB good wood," said Colin M'Calmont ; " and much of it mahogany, too ; but we mnst have a big blaze, and then we arc saving thc lady's life. " Yes, and our own lives too," said the younger lad, Bitting down for a rcBt, for it was stiff work carrymg these planks. " They will not bo mourning over the wood when they find us alive. And by this time now, Colin, by this time, do you not think some one of the girls must have been sent down from thc sbeilling for bread ?" " By this tine surely." " Thon they will know that wo wore not at thc sbeilling last night, and they will be look- ing everywhere for us ; and they will be Bure to go and look if the boat ia in tho creek, they will know how wc went awjy ; and you may be sure there will bo many a sharp eye on the look out all day and all evening. "Very well now. Archie, I will toll you what you will do. You will leave the rest of building of the bonfiro to me, for I am not easily tired ; and you will go back and talk to the lady with your hands and your head as you were doing. Perhaps I will not use any more wood : that is the thing that is grieving me. I will bnild np three or four feet of tho withered heather, and then I will put the wood on that. If it was only the autumn now and we could get the withered bracken, there would be no need to use all that fine wood." " Have you a lead-pencil, Colin 1" " I have a small bit." Archie was at this moment rummaging among the splinters and boards they liad brought up ; and at last he lit upon a piece of wood painted white, that had been part of the door of a locker. " Give me your pencil, Colin, and I will go and tell the lady what we aro waiting for." " And if yon cannot speak French, are you going to be writing French?" said the other with a laugh. "I am not going to write at all, Colin, except in the way that the ancient people wrote, on the pyramids and suoh places as that. And you wiU see whether the lady will understand or whether she will not understand." " Very well, then Archie ; go back to the lady, and I will go on with the bonfire ; and this is what I am thinking, that I will build a bonfire that will be easily made out from the land. For you know what they say : ' There cannot be anytJUng in the shy or on the earth, but the Islay men's eyes can bclialA; nor anything in a corner or lock-fast place escape vie eye of à Muttman.' But what I say is that the Lewis men have sharper eyes than either." "I think every one knows that," said Archie, " from Fraserburgh all the way round to Greenock." Well when M'Calmont had finished piling up the great heap of heather and driftwood he went and rejoined his companion; and fonnu to his great astonishment, that the young lady-whose black eyes seemed to bo tull of gladness, kindness, and gratitude appeared to understand the whole situation of affairs. For young Livingston had drawn varions things, in a rude sort of way on the bit of white wood ; and she seemed a clever, imaginative sort of person, for she guesssed eagerly what he meant to convey. "I never saw a boat like that, Archie," said the elder lad, laughing, "for you have got the mast in the middle of her." " That is no matter at all," said the other, without confusion, "if the lady understands that the boat will come for her after the bon- fire is lit." "Thenyou might be doing a worse thing than asking her to come and look at the bonfire, now that it is complete. I can tell yon, Archie, that my arms will be sore to- morrow." The boy showed her a rough sketch of a bonfire that he had made on a board, and then pointed to the middle of the island, him- self setting out, and invited her to accompany him. She understood at once, and smilingly assented. They led her by the driest ways (for there was some mosBy ground on these plateaus) to the spot, and she seemed greatly pleased. "She can speak a little, Archie," said the elder one. " It is not much ; but a little. She cannot say 'bonfire,' but she says 'bon, bon,'-which is a part of it. Though she speaks through her nose, she understands well enough. The French are not so stupid as the people say." They passed the afternoon somehow. More eacnans were roasted. As the evening fell the southerly wind freshened and the skies got darkened over. " I hope there is not going to be a gale," said the younger lad apprehensively. "That is not any gale," said the other. " And if there was a gale now ? We should be two or three days more on the island, perhaps ; and what is that t Maybe I would have to shoota sheep ; for the finely-brought np people cannot live on a handful of eachans and a bit of dulse as yon or I conld, Archie. Bnt that is not any gale : and the arker it grows the sooner we will light the bonfire ; and the fresher the wind the sooner will the people come across in your father's boat ; so there is nothing to have a downcast about; and you must not show a downcast face face ; for the lady there she watches us both, and every one knows that women are easily frightened persons." They waited until the dusky twilight had gathered over land and sea before they lit the bonfire. At first there was only a little crackling; then a few thin red tongues of fire ; then a growing blaze of crimson and orange that made the surrounding twilight look a strange, intense, livid bine. And then the fire began to roar, for the breeze fanned it ; and soon there was a bluing mass of flame that surely would carry a message to the distant shores of Lewis. "Archie," Baid the elder lad, "yon will keep stirring the bonfire now, and I will go for another armful or two of wood. We must have a big blaze tin case there might be a shower of rain. Yes ; and if there are any French smacks going by in the night, do you not think now that such a blaze as that will tell them that there is some one on Farriskeir Î" Ho went and came back with the first load of the driftwood. "The sheep are wild with fright, Archie; they never saw anything b'ke this on Farris- keir before." He fetched another load. "There, now," said he, " that will make a blaze that will be seen from Gallon Head to Scarfa leland. And if they are already in yonr father's boat, it is not that I would be sur- prised ; and with a good breeze of wind like this they will not bo long in coming over." "Colin," said the younger lad, "thisiB what I am thinking of ; when your father, or ray father, or perhaps Dugald M'Lean from Glen F-stcra, come over in the boat, and they will ask about the lady there, who she is, and where she came from, what is it now that we will be saying I" Colin laughed in superior wisdom. " Then you do not remember what thc old mau of Ross said. This is what ho said Archie : ' That milich you do not know, lett that to now one.' How are we tobe answer- ing anything about the French young lady ! Let them ask for themselves. And indeed I wish they were herc ; for it is not a pleasant thing that you and I should be talking and talking, ana thc lady there not able to know what xs going on, because she understands nothing but that useless language. And if your father can speak that language, it is not anything to be proud of. He might havo made a better use of MB time." The younger lad thought over this for some time. Thou he said : " Well, perhaps the French is not a very useful language while you aro in LewiB or any other part of that country. But if you wished to go to France ? If you wished to go to France, Colin you would have to learn it. There now." " If I wished to go to France 1" said the other scornfully. "And who would be BO foolish, as that ? There is another wish that I have, that has more of common-sense in it. I would like to go go to Fraserburgb and see the great fleet of fishing boatö. Now there would be some sense in that." CHAPTER vi. They farmed a picturesque group there on tho summit of the level plateau-tue smaller lad stirring up the smouldering portions of the bonfire, the elder heaping on broken plankB and sticks, the young girl standing apart and sometimes watching them and sometimes scanning the now darkened plain of the waters whence she understood that help was to come ; while, as the masses of roaring fire waxed or wained, the long blaok shadows moved on the greensward and thc rocks. Perhaps, indeed, it was their tending of the bonfire that prevented the lads from keeping a sharp lookout ; at all events it was neither of them that first discovered that people were coming to their reacne. They had had the bon- fire blazing for nearly an hour, when suddenly the young lady oame to them and eagerly said something, and pointed towards the Bea in the direction of the mainland. Both of the lads withdrew from the glare of the bonfire and peered into to the darkness with eyes that wore well accustomed to descry distant objects. " Well, now," said Colin M'Calmont, with some mortification, "it will be a strange thing if a French lady can make out what I cannot make out ; but there is not anything I can make out between here and the and." " Your eyes are blind with the fire, Colin, and so are mine," said his companion. " I wish I could ask her what it is." " I see it 11 see it I it is a light 1" exclaimed M'Calmont, with involnnatryeagerness. Then he immediately checked himself" Throughout he had spoken as if their rescue had been a matter of course, in order to keep up his com- panion's spirits. He was not going to betray any ordinary surprise, ordelight or thankfulness now. So he continued in a tone of cool criticism : "Well, now, Archie, that is a strange sort of light. Your fathor has a lantern for the dark nights ; but that is not a lantern at the mast-head at all. It is very low down, and it is red." " Maybe it is a torch at the bow," sug- gested Archie Livingston. " And you wilt be making a very good guess that time Archie, for now I can see the sparks ; and the sparkB are dropping like the sparks from a squib. Oh, that is a fine breeze, to be sure ; and you father's boat is as quick a sailer as any one on the west coast of Lewis. I should not wonder if they could hear UB now." Herewith he gave a tremendous long slow howl, such as the shepherds use when the dogs are far up on the hill. But there was no response. "They are too far off yet," said his com- panion. " Indeed, Colin, it is not I that am sorry we have not to stay another night on the island. It was terribie-the oríes-" " They were the cries of the French lady, that was all," said the other lad. " To think they were the cries of ghosts 1 tell me this. Archie ; if you can see through a ghost, and if a ghost can go away into nothing, where is the throat for it to make a cry with ? It is your head that is full of nonsense about ghosts and things like that." " This is what I will do for you now. Archie ; you will catch one'of your ghosts and bring him to me ; and I will take the knife I have for opening mussels for bait, acd I will cot open the ghost for you, and then yon will be seeing whether he has any lungs or a throat, or a tongne that' could make a noise. I tell yon I have not as much fear of a ghost as I have of a skate. When you are cutting open a skate, sometimes he will snap at your finger. I will let the ghost snap at my finger if he can." Whether this logic quite convinced Archie Livingston is not of much moment ; he merely ' said, " It is I who am glad not to have another night on Farriskeir," and kept his eyes fixed on the spluttering red light that was now momentarily coming nearer. What a wild torrent of Golic was poured forth when the farmer and the school- master got ashore-Colin and Archie helping to haul the bow of the boat up on the shingle ! Indeed amid all the questions and exclamations and: remonstrances the worthy school-master quite forgot that ordinarily he made it a strict role to speak only in English. How could English -which ia a slow, formal, limited language have got from the boyB a narration of all their adventures during these past two days ? But, that over, Mr. Livingston recollected himself. "Archie," said he, in his best English, "you wass saying the leddy is a French, leddy ?" "Seadhl" said Archie ; and then he, too, recollected himself. " Ay, she's French. And no word of English at all I" " Kott plesB me I" said the eohoolmaster, looking somewhat distressed. And then he turnea to his friend M'Calmont, Colin's father. "It isa terrible pneiness," said he, "to Bpeak in another lanwich when one is not speaking it for many years and years. Heh, Duncan, gif me the the oat-oake and the whisky out of the locker ; and be quiok about it, too. The boys are good boys, and do not touch the whisky ; but if the leddy has had nothing to eat aol day bnt eacham, she will hef a drop of whisky and no harm whateffer. And whisky is a good lanwhieh that every one can understand." The young French lady had come down from the plateau, and was standing apart observing everything eagerly, but not at- tempting to speak. She could see by their gestures, and by their occasionally looking towards her, that they were telling the story, so far as they new it But presently Mr. Livingston, having got some whisky in a tumbler, and carrying a piece of oat-oake in his other hand, went along to where she was standing, and made her a most gracions and courteous bow. Then he considered. He looked at her dark eyes vaguely (everything was lit up by the glare of the bonfire), as if he were wondering how to open communication with her. Then be said, slowly ; " Mademoiselle-ici esl-esl oatcake-ct aussi whisky-ire» bon pour vous " But at the same instant he was evidently startled by her ottering a slight cry-partly of delight, partly of entreaty ; and the next moment she was pouring out the story of her wrongs and griefs, with many piteous gestures and appeals. The schoolmaster was quite bewildered. She spoke so rapidly, so pathetically, that he oould only vaguely gather from her piteous intonation that she had suffered injury and was begging him to be kind to her. " Kott plesB me I Kott pless me 1" he muttered to himself ; " it is a terrible thing to understand a strands lanwich. The poor creature I She will pay no hcod to the oat- cake and the whisky. Then, to add to his confusion, the farmer came up. " Well, now, Mr. Livingston, and what iee the matter about the strange leddy? It is the stranohest thing I ever heard of. How wass she como to Farriskeir ?" " You will see this, Dunvorgan," said the schoolmaster, "the French Ianwich is not like other Ianwiches ; when it isa spoke slow then effery one will anderstand it that knows it ; bnt when it isa spoke quick, then no one understauds it at abl. We will get the young leddy into tho poat, and we will tek her back home with us ; and maype on tho way I will hef thc story to tell you.' When tho young lady understood that she waa to go into the boat, the obcyod willingly ; and when she had taken her seat in the stern, there was handed to her a rug made of the finest sheop's wool, that Archie Livingston's mother had sent, thinking that the boys might hare been shipwrecked and be found on the rocks with wet clothes. But indeed the night was not cold, and she merely let the rug lie across her knees. She seemed to care about nothing but having her story under- stood by the only one among those friendly people who knew a little of French. And when at length they hnd got the boat afloat again and the mainsail hoisted, and when, in the silence of the night, they prooeeded to make their way back to the mainland of Lewis, the schoolmaster managed to hint to her that, if she would Bpeak slowly, and say what she had Baid all over again, he wonld understand her better. This intimation she seemed to comprehend very well ; for now she began very patiently to speak to him ; and she instantly paused when he seemed not to follow her, so that he might have time to repeat the word or to question her. " Bless me, Dunvorgan," said he, at length " but this is the strange story 1 and if the two ladB wass not happen to be on the island, it would hef been a murder, as sure as death. Poor thing I that was to hef been mamet this ferry day. We will hef the sheriff at Styornoway to inquire into this," "Ana what does she say, Mr. livingston r asked the farmer. " Well, you Bee, Dnnvorgan, it is not easy to write in the dark, where there iss no light to write down a word to understand snob a lanwich as the French lanwicb ; bnt if I do not mek a great mistake, the yonng teddy wasa stolen away from her friends, and put on board the smack ; and little doubt hef I that the master of the smack wass paid to mek away with her-maype in the night-time, hef there was no one seeing. "She isB from Morlaix, that is on the coast of Brittany ; and any one that isa weU read, and acquented with geography, and other things, knows that the people of Brittany are very reveneheful people. But the young leddy she wosB making a prayer to the master of the smack ; or maype he was afrait ; or maypo he thought that leaving her on an island wass ass good ass anything to .put her away-ay 1 ay t the poor young loss that wass to hef been mamet this ferry day mirover 1" "Mr. Livingston, some one will hef to I answer for this ; what do you think nowt" " That is what I think. And we will get at the story better when we hef the sheriff from Styornoway ; and the sheriffs leddy oh, she is wonderful coot at ahl langwiches, except the Gffilio, and ehe is not so good at the Gaelic ; and the sheriff will be for taking the young leddy over to Styornoway, and put- ting her on board the Clansman, and sending her back to her friends. And the goot heart of her I and do you know whet she cass been offering me 1" " How can I know !" "She wass wanting me to tek her gold rings and her gold watch and chain, too ; and to gif them to the boys for their kindness. Do you hear that, now, Colin, and you, too, Archie ? But I would not hot her going away back to France, and be speaking to the French people, and be saying that the High- land people would tek money for a kindness. I would not hef any one say that." "That is'right, Mr. Livingston; my boy Colin would tek no money for being an help to any one. And if he would tek money, then it iss a stick I would tek to his back, to : gif him a little good manners. But it is » j stranche thing that the master of the yacht, 1 if he was suon a scoundrel as that, wass not for stealing the yoong teddy's watch and the other things too." "Dnnvorgan," said the schoolmaster, thoughtfully, " I will tell you my opinion now-that the master of the smack was afrait af what he had done and was glad to get her away out of his smack without thinking of anything else. And I suppose that he was thinking that if he left her on Farriskeir, no one would effer see or hear of ber again-that she wonld go mad and drown herself, maype -ay, ay, and ferry likely that would hef happened but for the two lads-it waa a very stranche Asnee." When they reached the shore on the other side, it was close on midnight ; but all the same there were near a dozen people waiting for them ; and great was the wonderment among the folk when they heard the strange stare at the young French lady ; but they were very kind to her ; and she was taken up to Dunvorgan form, where they got Borne supper for her, and some tea, and gave her a bedroom all to herself-which is a luxury in those parts. And amid all this the lads fonnd occasion to have a little talk between them- selves-of conree in Gtelio. '1 There is one good thing, Archie, that every one is taken np with the young French lady ; and my father has not said anything about the loss of the .boat." " And I do not think they will say any- thing now. Colin ; for three lives are better than a boat" " But it is hard on my father, Archie, that he should have to pay for another boat." However, as it turned out, the new boat was paid for in quite an unexpected way. For when the sheriff at Stornoway had learned all this story, and when he had communicated with the young lady's friends in Brittany, there was, of conns, a great commotion ¡and the two lads had togo over to Stornoway to give evidence there before some gentlemen sent all the way over from France for the purpose. Then the yonng lady left with these gentle med (though H seemed ai if she woola never oease expressing to the two lads, through the sheriff, fier gratitude to them), and no one news. And they were civil gb not to expected to hear any more of the thing, except the sheriff, who knew better. One day Colin M'Calmont and Archie Livingston, with their respective father's, were sammoned to go over to Stornoway, to the sheriffs offioe ; and they went. "I have got the rewaidnow, for yon two boys, "said he. " What reward ?" they both said at once. " The reward that was offered in the French papers for information about that He showed them an oblong piece of paper. " lt is five thousand francs ; do you know how much that is ?" " I do not," said Colin ; and the school- master's son looked donbtfnl. " I suppose yon can divide by twenty-five, surely ?' eaid ho, sood-naturedly. "That would come to two hundred pounds," said the young lad. " Very well, then. The piece of paper is worth two hundred pounbs ; and that is one hundred pounds for each of you, If I were you, I would put it ia the savings bank ; and when yon grow up, it wonld be a fine thing for you." "I will not do that, sir," said Colin M'Calmont. "What then?" " I will buy a boat for my father as good as the one that was sunk-ay, and bettor, too. And if there is anything over, that is what I will put in the savings bank." " But wait a minute, my lad. This five thousand francs is tho reward offored by Mademoiselle Deeelin'a guardians-for she has neither father nor mother ; but she wishes to add something to show that she does not forget your kindness to her. She wiBhes to be allowed to give you a boat. Boils and all com- plete, similar to the one that was sunk ; only it is to be your own. Bat that will do for your father os well as for yourself." " Surely, surely," said Dunvorgan. " Let the lad have the whole of the hundred pounds put in the bank in his own name. It will be a good thing for him when be will take a farm for himself. " And you, Arobie Livingston ; I am to buy you a silver watch. And if I were you I would sit down and write the young lady a letter in very good English, And there is another thine, Colin, my lad ; she wants you to have the boat called the Felicite-for that is her own name; and you can have no objection to that." "Surely nc, sir; and will I write her a letter, too?" " Yon could not do better. And BO that is all settled. But wait a minute, my lads ; I think the next time you go out to frighten the Frenchmen from stealing the sheep at Farriskeir, you'd better leave the pistol ashore; you might get into trouble. And Serhaps if the government were to send the ackal round that way once or twice about this time of the year, that would give them a greater fright than any horse pistol." So that was the end of the adventure ; and if you should happen on the west coast of Lewis to run against a smart little cutter called the Felicite, and should wonder at the name, they will tell yon the story there about the two boys who went to frighten the French fishermen away from FarriBkeir and Ruaveg. when, she was found to be 