TURF GOSSIP. Br Augur. With Warwick, Archie, and Off Colour showing such a bold front for the Victoria Derby, alarmists cry what is to oppose them in the contest for the blue riband of this colony ? While admitting the great excellence of this first-class trio, I don't think there is any cause to fear a falling-off in the field. Martini- Henry has already displayed such form on the Kandwick training-ground that his friends are very hopeful of his ability to upset the calculations of those who imagine that the trio mentioned above are invincible. I fancy Mr. De Mestre will have one that will prove a thorn in the Bide of the best of them, and perhaps it will be Waxlight, who is bred ana shaped like a Derby winner. He is the last son of old Nightlight, and is by that young and vigorous sire Piscator, a son of old Angler and Rose de Florence, the mother of a line of really first-class stallions. Copra or Ike should prove a very useful second string, and N&rina;, Kingsdale, and Aberfoyle may be reliable reserves for onr neighbours to fall bade upon. Unfortunately for us all of the above, with the exception of Off Colour, belong to the sister colony. I've an idea that the son of The Gem will prove a worthy representa tive, and as Mr. Wilson has him pretty for ward, 1 don't think there need be any fear respecting his condition. Mr. W. E. Dakin thought he had a real good colt in Achilles, but the aeddent to hiB eye will throw him I back, and the Bister colony may yet have only Sardius to tight for its cause. Then Tasmania has a promising pair in Signor and ! Prodigal, and, all going well, both will start, so that the brilliant performances of the favourites are not likely to frighten every thing else out of the field, as seems to be imagined by the croakers, who believe the Derby is to be a match between the best from Warwick Farm and St Albans. Hardly had the sportsmen of Australia re covered from the shock caused by the sudden death of the Hon. E. K. Cox, when the cable across the sea Hashed the unwelcome intelli gence that Mr. A K. Finlay, of Glenormiston, had paid the debt of nature. Although com paratively a young man, Mr. Finlay s death was not unexpected, inasmuch as he was supposed to be in a decline when he left these shores for the good of his health. After remaining a. short time in the old country, he took a trip up the Nile, but he derived but little benefit from the change, and returning to England he soon succumbed to the disease which had been gradually reducing him almost to a skeleton. The deceased gentleman was one of the most prominent among the turf men | of Australia, and as an exponent of racing law he had no superior m the southern hemisphere. For some years he occupied a place on the committee of the Victoria Racing Club, whose members are largely in debted to him for the complete code of laws and weight for age scale at present in existence. His judgment in connexion with racing matters was of the -soundest, and many a knotty point has he been called upon to un ravel As a breeder he also made hiB mark, for Wellington, Suwarrow, Belladrum, The Duke, Welcome Jack, Little Jack, Colstoun, and many other winners were reused in the paddocks of his beautiful estate in the west ward. His colours, brown body, blue sleeves, and blue cap, were occasionally carried by, something out of the common, though I doubt if he ever owned anything better than Tocal, who carried his banner to victory at Flemington. In his younger days, Mr. Finlay was an accomplished athlete as well as a good horseman. About five years ago he married one of Sir Hercules Robinson's daughters, but he leaves no children. The Coalfield dim is now on view at the establishment of Messrs. Henry Young and Co., Collins-street east This trophy is the gift of Messrs. Norman and Arthur Wilson, and is valued at jrojpjdneas. The design is a deviation from the eternal Etruscan vase, which has ao long monopolised the gold smith's attention, as the cup is in the form of a Roman tm, with e covered-in top, the whole being surmounted by the model of a horse and jockey. The' bowl is beautifully engraved with Trnrsasntut ions of various kindB of ferns, ana wis congratulate Messrs.' Young and Co. on prodnoing a trophy which wiU be highly giiisaft whoever may prove fortunate enough to win it Still another desth to record among the jockeys. A boy nahud-Goodenough, in the employ of Mr. W.rboijjfctei; was nding a oolt named Gipsy's Warning on Tuesday, when he threw him and killed fthn on the spot Messrs. Campbell/ Piatt, and Co. trill hold j their annual ame rtf- thttoughbred and coach-: ing entires at Klrk'a Bsxaar on Wednesday, AugustlS, wbeh Afghhn, Lysander, Young Horror, and otbwwi^be disposed pL a number of very uaeMstation sue*; such as j Jolly Tar. by Smusgl^,^Explorer, by Pioneer, Billy P'Uotuih, hyLadykirk, Also some Welsh and Bbetiand-nonies; and as the. draught-stock aJre tb La disposed of gn the 14th, the popular .mK»t of horsey men is bound'toaih^ajMrtttewd. ] Mewm -SHUiamUJWaille and Co. report Fame'from MrTpjriflipThMWxstered AMallah and turned lfimout for aabeli ' The' Mil torep^theTTotftlisator Act was General moved a new clause, prohibiting betting altogether in any public place. Various other amendments were suggested, and at length it was decided that any public betting, the offer of Buch, or the publication of an advertisement or circular inviting such, be punished by a fine of 40s. for a first offence, £100 for the second, offence, and for any subsequent offence the offender be deemed a rogue and a vagabond. A proviso was added to the clause exempting persons winning stakes in a race, such as the owner of a winning horse. It seems to me that the South Australian Assembly has gone too far i in its desire to squelch betting. A stoutly-bred horse is Young Panic, who is announced to stand at Sunday Creek, Sey- i mour, at the moderate fee of six guineas. He is by Panic from Victoria, by Lord of Lynne from Splendors. and ne should be useful to farmers ana others who have mares. It is announced by advertisement that entries for the South Australian Jockey Club Spring Meeting close with the secretary, Mir. S. Barnard, or at the V.R.C. office, at 4 p.m. on Tuesday next, August 6. The owner of Dizzy intends to bring M'Gowan before the V.R.C. for not appearing to ride the winner of the Grand, national Hurdle Race at the winter meeting.' In the advertising columns of The Australasian will be found the conditions of the Sydney Tattersall's Club Cup, to be run atthe8ummer meeting of the S.T.C. The added money is 500 sovs., with a sweep of 10 sovs., half forfeit, or no liability if declared before 4 p.m. on the 6th December. The will winner will receive a gold cup value IOOsovb., the gift of Mr. M. Deery, a member of the club. Nominations close with the secretary, Mr. James Perry, or at the V.R.C. office, at 4 p.m. on Thursday, October 18. - From the far north of Queensland I learn that Mr. Cooper, of Charters Towers, has Bold Confucius (late C.B.F.)to Mr. William Hann, of Maryvale, who intends to honour him with his old name, C.B.F. Mr. Owen Friend, of Sydney, has forwarded to the sporting editor of this journal £1 as a subscription to the M'lnnes fund. Mr. J. D. Robinson informs me that two ! special trains will leave Melbourne for the Geelong course direct on Thursday next, the first starting at 10.25 and the second at 10.50 a.m., returning from the course at 5.10 p.m. Horse boxes will be attached to the first train, and those who desire to use them are requested to make early application to the railway authorities. I'm sorry to hear that Mr. William Gor don's beautiful filly Bis Bis has met with a very Berious accident " Trumpator" .states that she got away from her boy, and after jump-' ing a paling fence, ber head rope became en tangled with her leg. She then fell into a gutter, hut after lying there she rose when the lads approached, and galloped back to the stables. On inspection it was found that she had injured herself very severely. From the same source I learn that the Morphetville course has again been flooded, and that Martin Burke is improving, and hopes to be about again in a few days. Mr. W. Blacbler has written to the Adelaide press, denying that he and Mr. j Ferry have contributed in any way to the j repeal of the Totalisator Act Mr. Bladder j foes into figures, and proves that he and Mr. 'erry have spent several thousands in build ing a beautiful grand stand, and otherwise ] improving " the people's course." The liabilities of the Adelaide R Racing Club exceed £7,000, and for all of this Messrs. Bladder and Ferry are responsible. "Hie whole of this large sum," says Mr. Bladder," has been expeuded in an honest endeavour to farther the interests of the breeders, owners, and trainers of thoroughbred stock throughout South Australia; by promoting 1 egitimatesport of a superior class, aud prodding proper ac commodation for the general public. Granted, Mr. Blackler; and everybody, I'msnre.wiUgive yoa credit for your magnanimity and gener osity in spending so much money in the interests of breeders and the public. I dare say you imagined that in. your 21 years' lease, you and Mr. Ferry would probably recoup yourselves for the outlay; but that is nothing. What I objected to, and what everybody else took exception to, was the extension of your business to Gawler. Had you remained satis fied \vith"tlue people's coarse," and refrained j from a desire to overdo racing—for we can have too much even of that—I don't believe | there would have been any attempt to repeal the Totalisator Act. Her Majesty's yearlings were sold at Hampton-court on the 16th June, when 19 colts and IS fillies realised 6,955 guineas. The highest price was obtained for a colt by Springfield from Furioaa, by Orlando, for whom the Duke of Portland gave 1,150 guineas. Next was a colt by Doncaster from Merevale, who was purchased by Mr. Robert Peck for 590 guineas. I'm sorry to hear that Mr. Sydney Page met with a rather severe accident a short time ago. lie was oat with the Southern Hunt Club hounds near Oatlands, and received a very nasty fall. At first it was thought he was killed, but he gradually gained con sciousness and when examined by Drs. Butler and Bellamy it was found that his injuries consisted of a broken nose and several very severe contusions. He has since recovered, and except that his facial! expression is not quite so handsome as it was, ! he is almost himself again. A laughable inci dent occurred daring the run. Close along side Mr. Page was an American friend who wasn't quite at home at the game, and as they approached the fenoe which brought Mr. Page to grief, the visitor from the other side of the Pacific naively ejaculated *'If I get over this rail I guess 111 linger." The American landed safely, bnt Mr. rage came down on his head. When'the ihjnrea hcwee man recovered, the first person he recognised was the American, who was close by with water in hishat; -and a* Mr. Bage opened his eyes, he extended his hand , to the good Samaritan with the remark, "I guess M linger, too." The annual general meeting of the mem bers of the Victorian Club wilfoe held at the dub-rooms, Prince of Wales Hotel, at 4 p.m. pa Tuesday next. The committee's report turd balance-sheet wUi be submitted, and four members of committee will have to be Sleeted inplaoeofMessrs. Charles Brown, 0\. D. O'HaUoran, H. Power, ami J. L. Purves, who retire, but offer themselves few re-election. There will also be considered an amendmenfcyin the rules relative to Uon. members, hnd also to private members de*m>ue of fotlowing the occupation of book ■^tomtowea^t first s u veterinary surgeon during tbe week. . dividual is iii ho' way Connected with Mr. Stuart, of Roma. There will be a race meeting at Bairnsdale on Thursday next, but Is this is the same day chosen by the Oeelong Racing Club for its winter meeting, it is hardly likely that any of the metropolitan division will journey that way. The entities, which are pretty well confined to local horses, are fairly good, and the day's sport will probably prove en joyable to the residents of the district Mr. G. Glasscock purchased Ascot, the steeplechaser, on Monday for 16 guineas, and sold him directly afterwards for 40 guineas. Small profits and quick returns, says the worthy boss of the bazaar. The trotter Ajax has also changed hands again, at 137 guineas. By the bye, talking of trotters reminds me that Mr. J. A. Roberts, to whom we are in debted for the importation of several of the best of our American trotting horses, has another stallion on the way from San Fran cisco. He is named Pioneer, and belongs to the famous Clay family of trotters. He is a young horse, and has no record, but he comes with good credentials from his breeder, who believes he will some day ripen into a trotter of high class. Pioneer will 6tand at Fairlawn harm, where Boccaccio and Len Rose are already located. T. Hales has sold Paul to Mr. J. Leek, and in future theaon of Maribynong will be trained at Caulfield. All who have horses engaged in the Gee long events are reminded that the sweep stakes will have to be paid before 4 p.m. on Monday next, the 6th mat Among the scratcbings for the Melbourne Cup is that of Guesswork, who, pony as he is, could hardly be expected to carry 9st. 4lb. to victory in such a race as the Melbourne Cup. The amount collected by Messrs. L. L. Smith, S. Grimwood, and M. Jacobs for the parents of A. M'lnnes has reached £225. I believe the father is very weak, and not anle to do much work, but he has a small selection atTerrick Terrick, which, however, is held by the bank, and there is some back rent to * pay. It is proposed to keep the subscription open until Saturday, the 11th November, in order, if possible, to increase the total to £250, which will clear the land and pay the funeral expenses. Mr. L. L. Smith acknowledges the receipt of £5 from "A Friend/' and £1 each from Mr. FennelJy and Mr. J. Evans. Mr. Bond has every7 reason to be satisfied with the entries received for the Victoria Amateur Turf Club Meeting. For the Sapling Stakes there are 34 youngsters engaged, and of this number more than a moiety is engaged in the Maribyrnong Plate. This event will therefore be surrounded by more than ordinary interest Air. S. Miller nominates no less than five, Mr. W. Pearson four, and Mr. James Mitchell four. I notice also The Maid and Bonne Fortune are among the nomina tions. In the Hurdle Race there are 25, in cluding Buzza, Rhesus, Game, and Lady Hampden. The Amateur Challenge Cup has only half a score engaged, and three of these belong to Mr. Glasscock. The Grand National Steeplechase has filled with 21 nominations, and for the Balaclava Stakes no less than 38 have been entered, a number of the latter being engaged in the Melbourne Cup. Obadiah injured the muscles of ins back so seriously in the Grand National Steeplechase that Mr. Martin deemed it advisable to kill him, and the horse was putout of his misery. Air. James Mitchell informs me that his horse Jokes was found dead in one of the Tabletop paddocks a few days ago. Jokes was a useful horse in his day, and won several handicaps for the Riverina stud master. Sylph, the dam of Irish Queen, died at Cairn-Curran last week. Those who have horses engaged in the Metropolitan Stakes and are desirous of getting out without incurring furtherexpense, are reminded that they must declare forfeit to Air. Clibborn before 4 p.m. on Monday next, August6. I'm glad to hear that Alt: Eyre's portrait of Air. John Tait is to be kept in Sydney. The yellow and black of Byron-lodge made New South Wales famous on the turf of Aus tralia, and it would not be creditable to the residents of the sister colony if they were to allow this memento ofoneof their sporting pioneers to cross the border. Among the improvements that Air. Byron Moore intends to make at Flemington is one that will commend itself to the members of the V. R.C. Hitherto, loose horses have, now and then, been a source of annoyance to Hie visitors to the carriage paddock, but in future thin will be obviated by the removal of thehorses to sheds which are to be erected in the outer carriage paddock. As the spring gatherings continue to increase, no doubt it will soon be found necessary to extend Hie grand stand enclosure to the ground at pre sent occupied by the booths on the fiat, which will have to be removed further east ward. The horses purchased in England by Lord William Beresford for India are Reputation, Father Prout, and Little Charlie. They were all fair performers in Hie old country, and -with Little Charlie Lord Beresford won the Windsor Handicap before leaving England. He carried fist 21b. . but had three moderates behind him. Mr. Weeks has a £500 match on with Lord Beresford,and in all probability will select The Ghost or Transferred to' do battle for Australia. ' . Those nominators for the Melbourne Cup who are not satisfied withtho weights allotted1 to their horses are reminded that unless they declare forfeit before 4 p-m. on Monday next they will be liable tor five sovereigns. Air. Buhlert writes me Hurt Hie distance in the Maiden Handicap Steeplechase is about two miles, and not three muss, as advertised last week: also that the added money to the Ballarat Handicap is 3.00 gpvs., and not. 50. Everybody will be glad to eee so excellent a programme put forth by thetwo clubs -the golden city, for there is no more (harming spot than the Howling Forest course,' es pecially in spring time, when the glorious surrounding scenery canhe seeiotct its best Later English papembythe Iberia contain a aaonnt of theStockbridge meeting, on the second day of which Fried Archer had four winning mounts, oneof them being on St' Blaise, who walked over for Hie Biennial with Sandiway/andheJWrded her victorious .in the Troy Stakes on the second day. This fiUyisbm^ri^t^MylfF^auM^toree, for * ■ - -- • • * ~ " from Ll my friends over the straits Inn'-v they have any ch;tn-." for ticgoM thiiq&tof; the V".ICO., they sh"nUl come over to Fleiningtoii at least eight weeks before the spring meeting. in onlcr that their horses may become aodmis tised. i should advise Mr. Wilson to allow Pyrrhua to atxompanr his colt, for he will prove an excellent schoolmaster for the son of King of the Hing. Border Minstrel, hy Tynedale from Glee, has won the Good wood Cup. He is nearly related to Bonnie Carlisle, as his dam is by Adventurer from-Sweet Sound, by Hntaplfin from Hybla, the grand-dam of Bonnie Oar lisle. Tynedale, the sire of Bonier Minstrel, is by Warlock. In consequence of pressure upon the ad vertising columns this week, the stud an noancentB hare been inserted in page 158. The werehts for the V.A.T.C, meeting will be declared directly after the Geelong meot U1fluiiting men will be glad to hear that the Findon Harriers" Cap will form one of the items in the spring programme of the V.A.T.C. The comparative failure of the Sale meet ing will probably have its effect on the mem- i bers of the S.T.C.. who will do well to con fine themselves to one good meeting a < >es r. i One of the foremost among English sports men is Lord Kosebery, who will shortly par a visit to Australia, and will probably be present at the next Melbourne Cup. He will be accompanied by Ladr Rosebery. v6c Rothschild. 1 Racing men will assemble on the banks of i the Barwon cm Thursday next to assist at1 the winter meeting of thd" Geeiong Racing j Club. The weights appear in to-day's paper, j For the Hurdle "Race Game heads the list at j 12b. Sib.; but I prefer Kiresrs at list. 121b., j and next to him Mr. Cook's horse BAsrLLSK. ] whi'e Miller looks lite the best of the light | weights. The brilliant Boolka is awarded i the pest of honour for the Winter Handicap, 1 but I'd prefer the colt over a mile. Of those \ further down the list I like nothing better S than Bovxie Bee and Dukedom ; and for the! Railway Stakes r*?rhaps Statioxee and Cast- ! awat are as well in as anything else. There: is nothing first-class in the Steeplechase, bet | I fancy Black Jacket or Mag;oax ought to j be near winning. | The Wilcannia stewards are to be con- i gratulated on the manner in which they dis- ] posed of the Victorian Yates aud his horses j Wee Jim and Slow Tom. From information j received, the stewards had no doubt that; slow Tom and W.T. were identical, ] as the description provided by a re- ] sident of the distri-t in which he j whs bred just tallied with the appearance j of die horse. It was quite e-idem that the ! brand of the breeder, Mr. Tapper, had been ] tampered with, and ss Yates could not pro- j rele satisfactory proof as to how he became j possessed of the horse, he and both his horses i weredisqualified for life Nod-'-ubt this will be ! endorsed by every respectable club in Australia. ! und it is to be hojsed that the Cobar stewards i will not stand aloof. At the Wilcannia meet- j •ng Yates's horses won '.528 in stakes, ail of j which will now go to the horses that came in ' jecond—the Maiden Plate, of £50, to Eagiess; W.J.G, Handicap, of £155, to Honesty; Town Hate, of £58, to Mirage; Members' Plate, of £50, and silver cup, to Mirage. AH these were won hy Slow Tom, and the Wil cannia Handicap, of £210. won by Wee Jim, will he handed to the owner of Honesty. Improvements are being effected at the Elstem wick-park course. A number of trees hare been planted, and the lawn has been laid down in grasses. ' SaLiTCHtMH.—Melbourne Cup: Gnesewort, Achilles, Rcdbonk, King Chsiiei, Spread Eagle, Rosemary, Mrs. Jaxfey, Lard Mandcrilie, Jack of CSobs, Ad Valorem. < 