AOTA POPTTLL BY IHE FbAHEUK. I have often thought that there must be a great deal of benefit, morally, socially, and finan- ; cially attached to the offices of M.L.A.'s and aldermen. Otherwise I fail to oee why the majority of us are so eager to go through the ;'?;.' fiercest fire and the dirtiest water to secure hlinnn nnniMnnn TP f.llO Rnlo flfiRlVfl ftf CfnV TOrtllld be representatives is, howevor, to become full blown patriots and haul our sunny land along to glory, I can only say that the bulk of them would servo the State more surely by running a saw mill by day and attending a night- school for a few hours after tea-time. It is a soemingly.harah thing to say that many of our would-be stateB men and Civio Fathers are either ambitious ad venturers or fool-headed fanatics j but if they are not one or tho other, it is hard to say what in thunder can compel them to resort to underhand trickeries that would mako oven a ' match-box-1 trick' ma»sman blush like a boiled lobster ; and to patiently endure aa much calumny and abuse as would make a dead Quaker swear promiscuously. If one-third of our defeated patriots run the gauntlet of an olection for any other than the oausoa guessed at, I can only say, aa tho gontlo man who waa forced to walk seven miles did, viz., they go to a groat deal ok trouble for very little good. I have seen a man weaving better clothes than over Solomon owned, and a smile that looked as meek and mild aa an old toad's iu fly time, stand up to seek tho apparently barren honour o£ being olected for a suburban municipality about the * - size of iB, .sohoolboy's luncheon, and yo6 the ' „ ,/mildest imputations hurled at him wore that he poisoned his grandmother, starved hio , .family, and ran away with tho cash collected to ?,' purchase a widow a mangle. Again, I have seen what we might call a poor o£ the realm (if v/o had any realm out hero fco peer for) — 1 have Been thio ? august nobleman otend forth on the hustings fco solicit the vofcec o2 the Greafc Unwashed before him, and lafcor on 1 have oeen him dragged ig» , ; nominionsly from the battle-field with a decayed turnip under oho oav, and a long-departed eat , under the other?, ?while tho front of his frilled shirt, which bu'o a 'ev? ohoi'fc momenta before . flashed gloriously fortifo. in iihe Boon-day Dim like the dazzling buo\7 on EEoel'gh'd znouni, noxr, ala9 i ' was so frescoed ?uiili o&'efloivo egga of the 1'ifch \- century that ii; looted like one of Havdie and , Gorman's land sale laapo drawn in anfcs-diluvian , mustard. Even as I write to-day, Greok is going for , .Greek at the Globe like ' sojur anto ' going for the hind leg of a frog, and tho tug of war is being tugged with as much vim as if the soul, and bodys and boots of each fcugger depended on the result. And the doing some of the warriors have already recoived ought to make them feel mad enough to drag oven tho hair out of tho plaoter on their bod room walls. Two of the three patriots, Messrs, Pritehard and Chapman, have got ' Pastor Allenod ' moet enthusiastically indeed. At the nomination trial-gallop, for instance, it is somewhat doubtful if Mr. Pritehard spoke or f . listened most. Every sentence he uttered was chorused by derisive yells to ' Give uo aomethin' new — Sit down on your hafc— Gefc a mangle— Tnifn it up' — Out it short — Go home aad get poll taxed,' and tho funny man of the crowd made a , point by alluding to the candidate's auctioneering biz. 'and shouting, 'Going once, twice, fchird — en' laeb timo — Gote.' Id is somewhat consoling, however, fco find fehafc these contests invariably produce a general forgiveness o' injuries, and a desira to be at peace with all mankind, in the bxeasfc of the candidates. Shore was a time when Mr. Pritehard wao willing to take the poor lunatic who sho'o at 'Edinburgh' by the heels and dust the streets of Sydney with him ; but fco-day he feels so charitably inclined that I really believe he would let the madman veto for him. And as for Irishmen in the bulk, why he, Mr. Pritehard, is even more Ivish him self than thoy are. But there was one charge he dared not answer. One damning incident in lies otherwise proud career of 20 yeavo that I greatly fear, will now troop along like a sort of Banquo'o ghost and rioe again, with twenty - moral murders on its crown, and push poor , Pritehard from his stool to-day ; — Pritehard once pounded old Mrs. M'Oonnikey's goat ! That MHb him dead in tho firafc act. ; Mr. Michael Chapman had quito a lively time of it also. First of all there were many present who didn't believe the party before them was the real Sir Boger at all, but simply the ghost of Sir Georgy Wiggy Allen togged out ia Michael's warpaint. Mr. Chapman's gruelling was served up even hotter than that of the aspiring George Robins, and if one-half tho insinuations fired off are true, I fancy Mr. Chapman would, with a little instruc tion, make a mighty good eel. First it was : declared he was a Reman OafcholicEngliahIrish ' Orange-Fenian j then a ldhoursadayandifyou don't'-like-fchafc-sSuae friend of the excitable work ing man; ho was also e, Free-fcvade-Profcecfcioniofc, ,' and in fact a sorfc of a good all-round party for '''politics, no matter on what side, or in what part ; o$ the field you placed him. Mr. Chapman made so many good promises, however, that it is 'a' great pity fcho whole business of the State can not bo placed solely in hia hands for about a ' week, as tho colony would then bloom forth as a 'newly-fenced-in and whitewashed Utopia. Mr. ? Chapman is not a very effective orator. What his speeches lack in sense ho cannot oven make in Sound, and therein Mr. Pritohard has tho bulge on him. But there ia ono vital matter, ono all absorbing question, ou which ho is far sound ei-1, '' and which, if I mietake not, will toll to-day in his ' favour. Mr. Chapman nevor ' pounded' Mrs. ' M'Connikcy's goal. Ho muy, li'ce hia 'thirty- Bhillin'-in-fcwo-placeD' opponent, have at one time in 'his political career turned a maugle, but his bit torost foo can never say Michael Chapman was the man to temporarily incarcerate a femi nine member of tho Oapiicornuo persuasion. O curas hominum ! Throw physic to tho dogs, i and politics to goats. i' ' ;; i ,,,,-It appears after all that there are ooino nion . . who. are not compelled to die boxoro they can en *. .rjoyflBome little recognition of their greatness. Dr. jjadbam is one of tho fortunate fow who can boa3b like Ovid of being honoured during life, for the good Doctor's VOth birthday boom was one of the most successful and enthusiastic re-unions Sydney ha3 ever oeon. There was none o£ fcho ' spontaneous' biiainesD (ao the word in under stood by underground engineers) about it, but it was a right willing, heartfelt recognition by our truly leading men of one v/hose classic abilities are only equalled by tho innate honesty of his generous heart. It was a fitting token of esteem fco our heavy-weight champion who has so long and doDorvodly hold tho bolt In our literary arsna-. Apropos of. classics, I notice the Marquis 0£ Salisbury haa of: lato been unduly] and unjustly ?rough on this branch oS learning-. At the rocon'u Sing's College break-up ho vag not aohamed to say ho rejoiced over tho faei fcha?; there was no prise for Latin rarse. Thio reminds me of the tale of Joo Bower's dog, who painted hio tail pea-green end than ran about overjoyed at his own foolrsh nocs. Friond Salisbury, if he knows anything at all, should know thai the Icnowlodge of Greek ar.cl !i.Liin rooto is one oil the moat valuable aidB one eo.n have fco a thorough mastery of that Eng lish languago of which ho seems so fond. Then again, some of fcho bent English authors havo simply eithor re-written the sublimo thoughts of the old Greek and Latin gianta, or elso copied them second, and even thirty-second hand from popes, monks, poets, &c;, of the mediroval ages. Virgil copied Homer, Dante copied Yirgil, and Milton copied Dante very closely indeed in many places. For example, here's a hap -hazard quota tion. Speaking of the r^ound given to Venus by the] ' freefchoughb' Diomod in the Trojan war3 Homer sings — ' Froin -fclio clear vein a atroam ilniuoi'fcal flow'd Such, stream as issues from a wounded god.' And then Milton in Paradise Losts vi., tolls us— ? c' A siream oi D0Gu*rou3 lium.or issuing flow'd SangniiiQj siicli as caleaiial spirits may bleed.' If Milton is worth reading, Burely hia master Homer ia as well. Personally, I don't bofc much on Shakespeare,, tfnlessr he was a far different man than the his tory of hia times and his biography would load us to believe he was ; but tho Shakespevian plays tliom.iolr.es should be placed nesb the Bible. And yefc tho bulk of the principal beauties in those plays are simply a 16th century version of the greatest conceptions of the greatest Greeks and Eomana. Harnlot's celebrated ' To be, or not to bo ' is merely Plato in a now dreos ; Sophocles speaks ia Proopgro's description ol our ' little sleep of life' ; and all through tho ' Comedy of Errors' we langli ab Plnutus, who probably got his ideas from Menan dor's ' Twins.' There aro thouoandg of course who consider Shakespeare of no move use to them in their business of life, than Homer ; but thcoe men bo ate the eixmo mistake as Salisbury. Borne men can spend their dinner-hour in contemplat ing a Saphaol gem, or listening to a Mozart sonata, while othors would infinitely prefer to tako ii; out of a plate of tripe and onions, or enjoy ing tho wild delights o£ a dog-fight. But it is the former class who push tho world along. Men who howl down tho classics most aro those who know- tho Jeast about the subject j and we can woll believe Salisbury when ho says all ho can do to-day in claasic lore is to write a couple of ese orablo Latin lines, for his English ones are occa sionally litLle better. I once knew a man who, solely by hip own abilitios, worked his way to tho highont position rifc fcho Bar, but this didn't happen in Sydnoy — the scene of tho sueoess wan laid in Kamsohatka. First of all my friend began vnth ploading before a 3d bar ; then he was admitted to the sixpenny bar, and after that ho was allowed to plead be hind a Criminal Court bar that had a nice flat board for a seat, and quito a tastefully vrorlced little palisading of iron rails with spiked tops in tho front of it. Ho was r/very seligious sort o£ party, and used to entice tho erring sinnei' from tho ways of vice by making a national ano of him nolf as a Sunday Bible opouter in tho Domain - and by wearing abominablo clothes that woro once tho property of Captain Cook, and smelt like tho backend of a fish market during salo day. Some galoofc, however, explained fco my friend that what was sufficient to koep ono person would always koop two. So my friond married a wife, and be hold ho found the galoot had spoken wisely. Buf0 my friond wao fond of trying experiments. Ho wao ono of thoso portions of advanced ideas, who, ao fcho wise man oayu, aro ' always. oithor diving after the Unfathomable, or souring nway after tho Unattainable, but who novor pay cash for any. thing,' and bo ho reasoned that if it only cost as much to koep Wo as it did to keop oho, it would coot nothing at all to koop threo. So he took another wil'o, and tlnw tho police took him to a placo whoro hio keop- v 'J[\ not trouble him much 'or the next threo years, Strange to say I never envied my friend's success afe the Bar much, and I yearn still loss for it now than ever. Only the other day that 80-ton gun of ours, the Attorney-General, poured a broadside into an 'exalted quarter ' of the Bar that roado its fancied security chako to its very base, and knocked a cloud ox dust out of ito musty antiquated ideas aa big as a double breasted oimoom, and then before tho cloud had cleared the leader of the mineo, Mr. Abbott oenfc in anothor staggerer by publicly declaring that not only were tho Q-overnmenfc determined to give che oounfci-y a free press for a free people, but that, it Goomod to him a monstrous thing f or a judge to occupy the positions of posecufcor, judg;a, jury, and gaoler, as como appeared to do, 1 and £S would nofe only be tho privilege of the Miniatr-y fco define tho privileges o' fine J?i'33Gj but cho of tho Supremo Court judges. Did any one ever hear such blasphemy ao thio since tho day wLen Sear-Admire! Claudius 3?ulcher, finding tho sacred chickenB on his veDool refused their- feed, and thereby knocked him oufc of a favourable omen, slung the lot in tho sea, and observed : ' If theoe measley old caeklors won't aat I'll put the beggars where they'll havo to drink '?? I followed fcho audacious Abbott five miles after that opeech of his in order to see the earth open up and swallow him, but it didn't gapo any more than a boiled radish. Tho times are evidently out of joint, and some one ought fco send for a Chinese dootor to set them straight again. Meantime, however, wo aro all anxiously waiting to see the Stuart Ministry play its best card, via. : — The Libe Law Beform Bill. The soundest lawyer we have will draft it, the voice of the people will unanimously approve of it, and fco make victory doubly sure, Dawvid, fcho only Australian orator, has pledged himself fco oppose ifc. Dawvid'o opposition is always a 'cower of cferengfeh fco the side he io ranged against, but dhe trouble is if the deed is not done quickly, he may deoerfc fco the Sfcuavb standard, and so eternally blaai1; all hopes of liberty. Eol1 Dawvid always reminds me of the lady whose prudent lord fcold her she ought fco got her nest spring costume made out of a soap bubble, because, said he, ' that will lac'i; quite as . long as the faphions, or your opinions.' 