Site j^totyteHee. THE HERMIT OF THE ROCK: A Tale of Landlordism in Tipperary. BY MRS. J. SADLIER, AUTHOR OF “ NEW LIGHTS,” “ BRAKES AND FLANAgANS,” “ WILLIE BURKE,” “ RED HAND OF ULSTER,” ETC. CHAPTER IX. UNCLE HARRY HAS AN ADVENTURE. On and on went the gig, and on went the tall beggarman beside it, bag on back and staff in hand. The one half of Mr. Esmond’s homeward road was already passed, when the horse pricked up his ears again, glanced fear fully at one side of the road where stood an old limekiln, its rude masonry ’partly con cealed by the overhanging branches of a. huge alderbush. In an instant the beggarman had hold of the bridle, and his strong arm speedily brought the scared animal to subjection. A slight noise was heard as it were in the kiln, a dark form was visible for a moment, one word issued from the throat of the man at the horse’s head—the word was “ Remem ber !” In the twinkling of an eye the figure vanished, and the horse sped lightly on his way. Mrs. Esmond breathed more freely, she knew not why. A little farther on, the beggarman stopped and laid his hand on the rein. “ Ton’ll soon be at home now, Mr. Esmond !” said he, in his deep, guttural tones ; “ the haste won’t shy any more, I’m thinkin’, so I’ll he biddin’ you good night, an’ its one advice I’ll give you, never refuse a poor man or a poor woman a charity when they ask it for God’s sake—an’ listen to what I’m goin’ to say, your honour,” —he leaned over the wheel, and spoke in a whisper—“ you’re the last man in Tipperary that ought to be out after nightfall. Now, go your ways!” “ Rut, my very worthy fellow!’1 said Mr. Esmond, “ will you not tell me to whom I am so deeply indebted this night V” “ Maybe you wouldn’t thank me if I did,” said the man gruflly ; “ask me no questions and I’ll tell you no lies. Go on now as fast as you can, or maybe there's worse than a quarry before jmu ; an’ mind what I tell you —be merciful to the poor, or their curse ’ill fall on you where I can’t save you !” Rounding like an antelope over the ditch, he disappeared, and it is hardly necessary to say that Mr. Esmond’s bay Hew home at a galop. rlhe first act of Mr. Esmond, after reaching home, was to send post haste for the Dean and Attorney Moran. Rending their arrival dinner was served, hut seldom was meal less honoured at the well-appointed table of Rose Lodge. The old gentleman was far too much excited to think of eating. With his bushy brows knit together, and his sharp grey eyes fixed in moody thought, he sat leaning back in his chair, scarcely deigning to answer the repeated entreaties of his wife to eat some thing. At last, seeing that flic lady had finished her very slight repast, he said, pushing hack his chair with characteristic hrunquerie—“ If you’re done now, Martha, I wiUi vou would have those things removed. ] wonder how people can eat under such circumstances.” Airs. Esmond made no reply—she was, in deed, a most submissive wife, at all times ; the dishes were removed, and fruit and wine placed on the table. The old gentleman drank off a glass of Madeira, then looked at his wife, and said : “That was a confoundedly queer chap, that beggarman! Didn’t you think so, Martha ?” “ 1 really can’t say, my dear, v'hut I thought of him, or of anything else at the time, I was so frightened.” “ What!” said the husband, ironically, “ at the prospect of a cold hath ? Well ! I own it wasn’t over inviting such a night as this ! Rut you know that chilling prospective was only for a moment !” “ \V,is there, no other^ danger hut that of the' quarry ?” said Mrs. Esmond pointedly. " (>h ! true—there was the. limekiln,—hut that, needn’t have shocked your weak nerves, seeing that there was no jin' in it. They couldn't roast you, you know, without tired 1 la! ha ! ha!” A second and a third glass of (fie sparkling Madeira had somewhat exhilarated the old man’s spirits, though his humour was still bitter. “ I am sorry, my dear,” said Mrs. Esmond, quietly, “ that I can’t compliment you on your wit. Now, I think I wasn’t the only one whose nerves, weak or strong, were shocked on this occasion !” “ Of course not, my dear! there was the horse—” “ Well ! what was it that frightened the horse first and last ?” “ I’m sure I can’t tell—except it was a ghost—horses, you know, can see a spirit where human optics are at fault.” The cool sarcasm of Mr. Esmond’s tone and manner did undoubtedly ruffle his wife’s temper not a little. That amiable gentleman took sufficient pains on all occasions to show his unbounded contempt for female under standing generally, which he was wont to epigramise by grammatical comparison as weak—weaker—weakest. But for reasons sufficiently' clear to herself. Mrs. Esmond was more than usually susceptible to his pointless sarcasm. “ Harry !” said she, with much earnestness of look and tone, “ if 1 were alone, I, for one, would not have been afraid of either the living or the dead. “ Zounds, madam ! what do you mean by that ?” cried her husband fiercely'. “No blustering, Harry! no blustering!” said his wife, calmly but firmly', “ what I mean to say is this, that my fears were for you”—drawing back, and pointing at him with her finger—“ not for myself. I feared that the blow might fall this time, ivhcre it was meant to fall before ! You understand—I see you do—I will, therefore, leave you to ymur own thoughts, which may, in your case, be the best companions, commending to your further attention the old adage — ‘ It is ill playing with edged tools.’ ” Before Mr. Esmond had recovered the effect of this stunning blow, the door-bell gave in timation that one or both of the anxiously expected visitors had arrived, and Mrs. Esmond vanished by' one door as the Dean and the man of law entered by another. Mr. Esmond, recovering by a violent effort from the stunning effect of his wife’s home thrust. advanced with out-stretched hand to greet his guests. “ Well, Mr. Esmond !” said the Dean when, having warmed his hands over the lire, he turned and faced his host, “ you see we have promptly obeyed your summons, though, as regards myself, l would rather have waited a little, seeing that I had but just returned from a sick call some three miles away. “ I’m very sorry’, indeed,” said Mr. Esmond, “but my business is very urgent, and would not by any means wait.” “ Well ! what is your business ?” and the Dean exchanged a significant glance with Moran, who had coolly taken his place at the table for the refreshment of his inner man, “what is your business, sir? It must be of grave; importance, when you send in all haste for the priest and the lawyer.” “It is of grave importance—the very’ gravest importance, Dean McDermot !” em phatically said Mr. Esmond as he threw him self back in his chair opposite the Dean, and looked first in his face, then in Moran’s, to see how they’ took this startling announce ment. “ Do you know that I have dis covered the existence of a conspiracy?” “A conspiracy', Mr. Esmond?” cried his hearers simultaneously'. “ Yes, a conspiracy’!—a conspiracy' against me, Harry' Esmond, of Hose Lodge—a con spiracy to take away' my life—to murder me !” “ Bless me, Mr. Esmond, you astonish me!” said the Dean. What Moran would have said we know not, for it so happened that he was seized just then with a troublesome fit of coughing that made him very’ red in the face, and obliged him to apply' his handker chief to his eyes very' suspiciously' often. “ I thought I should astonish you,” went on Mr. Esmond, wholly absorbed in his own ideas. “ But you will be more astonished when I tell you that I have a strong sus picion, almost amounting to certainty, that my poor nephew fell a victim to this same diabolical agency.” “Ah, indeed! and what reason have you to think so?” The half credulous look vanished from the Dean’s massive features, and Moran’s cough suddenly'ceased to trouble, him. “Sit down, Dean, and I’ll fell you all about it, then let you and .Moran judge for your selves.” The details of the evening’s adventures were listened to with much interest by the two gentlemen, a glance of surprise being exchanged between them at certain points of the narrative. “ Now, what do you think of that ? ” said Mr. Esmond, in conclusion. “Am I, or am I not, justified in thinking that there is a conspiracy on foot to murder me, as my nephew has been murdered, in cold blood— in fact, to exterminate the Esmonds ? What say you, Dean? what say you, Moran ? ” The priest shook his head, and replied that he did not see how that followed from the premises. “ You would have much trouble to make out your case, my dear sir, in a court of law,” said Moran. “For my part I see no proof, whatever, of a conspiracy in what you have been telling us.” “ Indeed ? Well ? I must say your facul ties are more obtuse than I ever supposed they were. And you, Dean ! I am astonished that you do not see farther into this affair! Now, what is your opinion of that beggar man ? ” “ Why, upon my word, Mr. Esmond ! ” the Dean replied in the caustic tone he could well employ at times, “ upon my word, I think him a very tine fellow, and that on your own showing. You don’t mean to find fault with him, do you, for saving your life ? ” “Saving my life, inda d! I tell you that was all a sham ! ” “Then your horse must have been in the fault.” “Pshaw! the horse? who frightened the horse? Tell me that, now ! ” “ Why, perhaps the beggarman—or his hag 1 ” “ Yes, that may do for the quarry, but then there must have been another individual, with or without a bag, in waiting at the limekiln ! “ Very true, Mr. Esmond ! very true,” and the Dean began poking the lire with a medi tative air, while Moran took out his note-book and wrote, more apparently, to satisfy the self-opinionated old man, than from ail}' neces sity there was to commit the affair to paper. “Humph! humph!” soliloquised Moran, as his pen flew over the paper with pro fessional rapidity : “ let us see now how the case stands. Mr. Esmond deposes that, being on his way from Esmond Hall to ifose Lodge, his horse took fright, and by a retro grade movement towards a stone-quarry in the vicinity, would have precipitated depo nent and his wife thereinto, had not a beggar man, viinux bag, caught hold of the bridle, and persuaded the obstinate animal to resume his onward course. Is not that right, Mr. Esmond ? ” “ Perfectly correct, sir, perfectly correct! ” “ Whereunent said beggarman, 2>lu* bag, walked by the side of the gig till a certain limekiln was reached, where and when deponent’s horse took fright again, when said beggarman, with felonious intent, as deponent saveth, did again take forcible possession of the reins, and enunciating the remarkable word ‘ Remember,’ whether addressed to the horse or some unknown individual deponent saveth not—not having the fear of God before his eyes, did feloniously lead the animal some distance on his way, then and there feloniously betaking himself to parts unknown, all which fact doth clearly indicate, in the mind of this deponent, a dangerous conspiracy against his life. Am I still correct, Mr. Esmond ?” “Yes—on the whole—but—ahem !” pulling up his collar, and establishing his head therein with a vehement jerk, “ pray, Air. Moran, what is your opinion of the matter ?” “ My opinion,” said Moran, gravely, “ is that you owe your life tuuce to that same beggarman during that short journey !” “ And yours, J >ean ?” “ Precisely the same as Mr. Moran’s ! No reasonable doubt can be entertainment that your life icar in danger from some concealed enemy, and that \ on owe your safety, and perhaps that of your wife, to the protecting presence of that mendicant. “ Oh ! hang the mendicant !” angrily broke in Esmond : if I don’t clear the country of these sturdy hang-beggars before I m many weeks older, never call me an efficient magis trat<—that's all !” “Well! Moran, after that we may go, I think,” said tin' Dean, rising, a* did Moran, both looking the indignation they felt ; “ we have learned two usetul lessons to-mght, (me of which is never to save any one’s life with out permission asked and received ; the other is, never to obey a summons from lio.se Lodge without a written certificate of actual neces sity. A good evening, Mr. Esmond !” And declining all entreaties to remain longer, the gentlemen mounted their horses and bade adieu to Hose Lodge. CTO HE (’0XT1XUEI). J 