MISCELLANEOUS IRISH ITEMS. . Slr. Justice Barry, st the Munster Winter Assises ai Cork last week, paused sontences upon prisoners who had beon found guilty of various offences during the Commis- sion. Two brothels, named Delahunty,, for shooting with intent to murder, wero sent to penal servitude for life; and David Fleming, for taking part with another person in shooting and wounding, was sentenced to 20 years' penal servitude. A soldier haB boen tried by court-martial at Denmore Barracks, Galway, for having left his post while on duty outside tun gao!, nlleging that ho saw tho ghost of Mylsi Joyce, which frightened him nway. His story was dis» believed, and ho was sentenced to 12 months' imprisonment. The authorities are convinced that the knives found tomi months ago near the rear of tho house of one of the men' arrested on Jauuary 13, aro those used in the Pheonix Park assassinations, for they fit axuetly tho width of tho cuts ia the clothes of Lord Fredoriek Cavendish and Mr. Burke. The city of Limerick was virtually in a state of siege on the night of J anuary 15. Large bodies of police, armed wita riiles and revolvers, pntrollod tho principal thoroughfare's. Two men w.ero arrested, but no arms were found upon them. Mr. Parnell's estate has been the scone of another popülsr demonstration. Sovcrul hundred people assembled with bands to plough his land, aud u Inigo «tubble Held adjoining' his demesne was ploughed up very quickly, over 200 plough* hoing engaged, while in a Held of 21 acres at Garrynian SO ploughs were employed. At Lismore Presentment Sessions Mr. Currey, agent for tho Duke of Devonshire, has claimed £416 as compensation for the malicious destractiou of a runge of cut-offices which wero burnt on tho farm of Mr. Boyle, tenant of the Duke, near Lismore, on November 21. Mr. Boyle had two claitttJ arising out of tho sume occurrence. There were three fires within short intervals, nnd several cattle wore destroyed on thc first occasion. The presentments were passed.. Lady Floience Dixie has declined to accept a testimonial in appreciation of her efforts to relieve Irish distress. B li consequently announced that the £280 contributed for that purposo will bo returned to tho subscribers, j Jiiirl Spencer, when the guest of the Earl of Port- arlington, was wailed upon by a deputation from the town I ot' Portarlington on January 18. Tho Lprd Lieutenant, ia i tho course of his reply, said :-"You refer to tho crims j which, during recent years, prova'led to an alarming extent j and to tlie improvement whiuh has now taken place. I sta I glad to think of this improvement. The lawless men who j long assumed to themselves tho right to take the lives and regulate the actions of peaceful and law-abiding people of this country, ure now learning that they cannot, with im- punity, break tho laws of tho land. ' lt has been the duty ofj tho Government to endeavour to restore true liberty of action to every subject of the Queen- to anublo every eitlzon freely and safely to follow bis business and to fulfil his duties us he thinks best. I hope that some progresa has been made towards this und, but after the events of recant years: it is impossible that the evil can bs at OOM eradicated." 