1 social wreckage: i- rancis Tek of London, has written lately a book on tho Social Wreckago of England andtholaws of the mother . country as they3 affect tho poor, It is, ' as'EUico Hopkins, a writer iu tho (bntcihfiorary .Review styles it, a useful ;but , 8ftddoning book, and tho comments, on , it by tho roviower are moio saddening still, Indeed no ouocan road '' any of'tlio'pnpcn recently published in Groat Britain, and tho Cuntinontbn tho condition of tho pqoror.classes without comuig to tho uu- pleasant . conclusion that sooioty in . tho Old World is welF-irigh rin. tho throbs of; a social upheaval, We havo, .not,, cortainly, had tho question broiight very prominently undor our notice = horo,' -nor Is tho ' danger likoly seriously to affect us oithor in our prosont social relations as cxi&tout; botvroou the com paratively "rich aud comparatively poor,- or in thoirfuture outcomo. But it is inqMssibiotoshnt ouroyes to tho fact that tho position in JOuvopo is one of extreme 'danger .-in many respocta,: aud that tho evil is not confined to ouo count try oply. In Republican Franco Socialistio and Coiuuiuiiist doctrinos of tho strongest nature are oiKUily promulgated, and thoso wluj are inuHshcd: for.' a? too> enthusiastic preach; ing of tho same are regarded by thoir followers as entitled to tho rank 1 nndstyic of ninrtyra: Tn iiutsia' the rulo of dynamite terrorism is more powerful oven than| that of the Czar, and in Germany tho wholo population groans under tho woight of a milt-: tary .system which has turned tho land linto one vast camp of inatruotion, and eaten iutoj tho life blood of tho wholo community.; That men and women who qro compelled to .contomplntotlib dark realities of such a picture' as that drawn by Mr Peek, should turn tlioir attention to tho New World.as affording some1 means of alleviating tho distress and misery, only too apparent in tho Old is not surprising.' Among such contcmplators is E llico Hopkins, ' and sho writes as one would writo who has dovotcd caro and attention to the subject, and! although in this spoctal article emigration to| Australia is not alluded to'as one of tho readiest : means of disposing of tho surplus population, ' it contains 'scvoral suggestions which, oven in this more favored land, might bo accepted as, valuable. .In. the, article under notice the complaint is made that tho standpoint | of the moral lifo of the present is too indi- ( vidualistic, that too much regard is only paid - to the narrow class of facts that belong to the ; individual, and that tlio idoal of tho wealthy - Englishman is!to amass wealth. "' and'airto leave what pfth.hts tact he won. To that unfoathercd two-legged thing, a son. In "short Saxon the general opinion of the i ordinary well to do Briton is that charity begins at homo, and oven thoso fow earnest men, ' and 'women who have a higher ideal than this, trouble themselves more about abstract religious viows and theological dog- mata rather than the broader principles of the Christian faith; Wo may not go quite so far as Ellico Hopkins and consider that aftor all this planet is only a Vaudeville where farces pre played for the amusement of tho angels or those demons whom sh6 more politely calls "darker visitants," but it is impossible to read such words as the following, without a melancholy senso of the truths therein uttered. The admirably logical social life that religiously shuts all the museums aud picture: galleries on "tho Lord's Day," and opens all the gimshops j that is never tired of iterating that the proper sphere of womau is home, and brings up its 20,t00 female orphans in largo i pauper barracks, from which tho last touch of home-life has disappeared; that goes to moot- ings and loudly preaches thrift to tho people, and then gruffly whispers in thoir car I by guardians of the poor "Only ;be drunk and spendthrift enough, . and we will houso you and provide for your old | ago that goes to church and preaches that 'tho body is the temple of tho Holy Ghost, and leaves" the people to litter down like pigs at ! night — men and women, girls and boys, . to gether in tenements where no rich man would. Ithink of stabling his horses ; that goes tf> school and teaches its children the throe R's, and leaves them in dens of infamy to learn a fourth R, by ovory sight and sound of the day aud night, ruin of', body and soul; thnt virtuously disclaims against tho linrlot, yet leaves its little girls to bo brought up in brothels; that believes a fatal disorder is undermining tho national health, and shuts tho doors of its hospitals against it, and denies it the public means of cure. ; that legally pro tects the heiress up to twenty-one, and refuses to protect the poor man's daughter even at sixteen from the trade of Vice ; that holds that the man is tbe responsible head of the ' woman, and throws the blame, and disgrace on the woman — alas! alas! what a heap of anomalies is here— what real cause to complain of the methods of our moral life'! No wonder that the poor Dissent ing minister, much entangled in our social dif ficulties, and led oh all sides to contradictory conclusions, threw in a deprecatory clause in his prayer; " Paradoxical as it may seem to thee, O Lord, it is nevertheless true." ' . These are the -methods adopted for the carrying out .of social morality. 'in Great Britain, and the result is, that one in every thirty-one of Englishmen is practically a pauper'— exclusive, of those who are assisted by private benevolence— that in the richest city in tho world, there were in ono year 101 deaths from actual starvation, in full sight of well-stored shops ; that there are ex tensive districts in which people live in littlo more than half tho area of ground re quired for a corpse, and that tho tenements they occupy are tho " graves of all decency and chastity." After dwelling on this sad picture, the writer iu the ifevicu; turns her attention to the best moans of alleviating tho ovil, and, like most practical reformers advo cates a thorough change in the present Bystem of relief as given officially, and tho bestowal of greater caroupon the young child ren who might otherwise grow up into infamy as the natural outcome of their surroundings. The opinion is strongly expressed that tho child has its rights as well as tho parent, and that " its indefeasible right is, in ' South's strong words, to be born and not damned into tho world." In a paper in tho Nineteenth Century, noticed by Thb Herald some months past, emigration was pointed out by the writer as ao outlet for many of the pauper children, but though the article' now oora nionted on also alludes to it, greater stress is laid on tho necessity for doing away with tho present oxponsivo barrack systom, and introducing that of out-door boarding. To soino oxtout it has boon triod horo, and though wo do not anticipate such a state of society in Victoria as tho poverty of agds haa created iu tbo Old World, tho more general adoption of it might bo found to docroaso tho chances of such a miserable social condition existing in tho future. 