WESLEYAN PASTORAL AD D E ESS. " The folloWingare extracts from th e Pastoral Address of theWesleyau Conference to the ch'uTcaas, as rejad by thip Rev. James Haslam in the :^5Te«lejaii Church, on Thursday Feb ruajySth. [ *' ^yiiile the Conference, anticipated with prayeijf^inte^eflt, hasjjeen characterised by, bannpny ssntiment;.it will perhaps be re-: membarea Wost of allfor the gladness which the year'^increaBe of membership has occar eipned. Byreturns showings material: prosr perity as the xoain feature of past operations, pur.joj must ever.be tempered with humilia tipn.- The. erection of large and beautiful XL- — - - ' \- . ' J.—W«w«uvu» UUIUClUSUUlBUeDlS, -&^SrowfcP °/ numbers in attendance upon public worship, and the increase of social in \- ospncej good things las they are in themselves, arenevertheless a poor .equivalent for soul ^nng^resulte. Our review has brought to Bg ^iat the word to advance has gone throughout the entire lines, and during the present sittings there have been-as not for TaSia.pr?Ceduifi Conference—echoes of the Apostles joy: 4 Now, thanks be onto God, whjch always causeth us to triumph in Christ, and maketh manifest the savour of His knowledge by us in every place.' The mem bership for the year is 6,322, with 803 on j A. ' v^,an "wease of 935. In humility and thankfulness let us accept the teaching of our sucMsses, ivhich as we have counselled together hare become manifest. " Ji^;"not. be denied while we have in >> _ . r .8 l'e past year abundant reason tor rejoicing, our attainments are far below God s promises and our own ability. We have ? weaMl of numbers which is not equalled by« corresponding spiritual success, and an agency and organisation from which far larger wi Sr^ba expected; and nothing more solemnly con i , n, 185 *kat if our present un emgpyed and unproductive capital hid away ^ 8U88Were at once called into vigorous sernoe, our successes would be in h?ndredf°ld- * of 1? ™ 3°8t now tW a revival of 3?i3T?* a° PraCtlCe of Methodism, in Which therewag » constant, individual, and m^ersal activity. Its list of members meant eMctly so many consecrated men and women, wht> were pledgsd to take up the cross, to ex J® Ufanost their ^ endowment and to carrJfte battle to ? the face of °nr Possibilities, the oreroarsaece8ses is converted al Wad,°f eorrofP- Would to God gat every one of you could be challenged to 2l ^;Ta8Ure°f that Mti« personal ser E xJhth ?°SK ^PaWe of rendering, and S™ With*/ ?,taF y°U pledSed 3™r -ft 8upjueness and cowardice Stftr ^i\eVerj sleeP»g eneigy vitalised, \- vi? ^ aroused to enthusiasm, whatmightyresults wouldfollow! JSToenter n° ^terest would languish, n« °°nfclnue impoverished; and n r™"^le arnjy the Church would ^qLfTZLl *—*«>• „ Sr BeZer&l; preceding years, so again, a, resolution has passed the Conference re S"PeeW services beingbeld in each circuit. It is with no mere desire to ^PearaneeTa such a resolution hS but xMh in* -*^ace Pn on1, printed minutes, ' mav^S^H tm^.re that each circuit «nn >the cal!* 14 is not the adop ilft-0?1, snethods in a mechanical whi«h,we ^k, or which will answer the end Bought for. Let the methods be such eVer-T™f?g circumstances, and sym ito JZ$gZ mJgSS 3® ®ay leave to the minister . c!rcuit to decide in what fj 'Uj. - ®®ort Bhall be made, so long as ? m f determined resolve to apply every oS'iwh Iff iD TUring What 18 e^al to OUT Ohurch life and growth—a revival. »eed not be told that a revival, to r*f. ^ ^Productive and permanent results, k ?roUghfc aboat only by earnest SnSli™ ea^e8t effort based uP°n profound ? ? duty and knowledge of promised Mdt empathy with the Lord Jesus, and burning compassion for the souls of men tbi™ a®Pasm of.|feeling that some h^LTXh%u0neC It«trueSthatinthe ^ ohes revivals have come in SSLrecog nizable, they have seemed to come from God on °n?xPected by His people. But, nmrJ fL+i uj and> revivals have mostly come bj the blessing of Gfod through human 3S?!' Thfin 1JUman- and human .5 on^ ™™al6 which we can with certainty expect are such as the Church lays Wlf out to secure. < Thus saith the iJd God, I will yefc for this be enquired of by the house of Israel to do it for them." Furtber M not o^evlr refuses to work with His people, but that He has given to us an ever-standing challenge-! £rZ\Z7nb™rtb> 8ait^the L<>So{ fiosts, it I will not open the windows of heaven, and pour you out a blessing, and there shall not be room enough to receive */ < X £Lt"S1fl°d S m'? Church"® "°d r'8hteo«° jealousy, St as a Church we may retain our God-eiven ■vocation as the foremost revivalisT aSnev amongst the churches, we desire to waS yo£ against an idei which, if allowed anv ssasMsasfe's- r suitable instruments have now been raised no S.-Stf"' otm^£s7t the people. Nothing that has transpired seems to us capable of being construed into a revocation of our old commission. We "haU "worthy successors of the ^^P118 Dnder God we inherit, irir,i„n0i regard that Patrimony as so much I■°r™ari"S a hundred-fold greater ™ ?ld<Wn toour successore Let to not forget the Church's traditions; let us aSSrZ**?** a conBe'PUsness of the ^urohs ongina1 vocation, and let us prove the real mhentors, above all other things, f0refaiher8' ardour to encounter J^16.8.8 and to Christ the souls of men throughout the land. Be assured, we appeal not to any pride of sect the —W £aI,-h[ulne88 t0 a God-given calling ^J.ng whlcfl we certainly abdicate when ti, ^ ^nrp08e °r saP*neness we leave others to take the pre-eminence in revivalist work. There is nothing which in latter times has been wrought by other irregular agencies ?Ur <fe'PI.I°ed enthusiasm should not attempt, and which we may not greatly sur fefm t We need no departure from the New Testament patterns of soul Mwing work which up to this time the Holv S?™ at evfr reaA* to Bet hl6 seal ujran. Than our forefathers' methods, no thing could be more austerely simple, or at the same tame more manifestly allied with heavenly power. Eschewing that extravagant sensationalism which must ever hinder rather than help forward the abiding orogress of the gospel, their plan was by field-preaching and street- preaching, or by individual dealing, to bring the gospel of salvation before men ; and to this plan, as inspired and sanctified by truest faithful prayer, the Holy Ghost set liMi seal m the conversion of thousands. And all allowance being made for altered circumstances, we need not go far from the methods of our predecessors, either to reach the .masses of men hitnerto apparently inac cessible to the agencies of the church, or to secure the bleeBing of God to their salvation. For these ends no ingenious artifices or start ling accommodations to man's lore of the wonderful need be resorted to, but such methods of action as a profound belief in the power of an earnestly and simply told gospel and the efficacy of prayer will lead us to adopt. For ourselves, knowing well that our beloved Methodism must grow, not only by its own internal development and natural increase, but by its victorious aggression on the, masses around, we have sought in our Conference to realise that to us has been given m it were a new commission to win con verts from without ; not only, tip try to win them, but actually to do so; and to you, dear brethren, wg shall confidently look for your most generous support and a co-ordinate con-, sec ration to this one work. As from the first it has been the theory of -, our Church that every one must labour for this end, let it now more than ever be our practice ; and with all our power applied, and none of it misdirected, we shall have more abundant cause to rejoice. " It is with deep thankfulness that we hare received as candidates for the ministry several young men of ascertained piety, usefulness, and talent. In the times upon which we have fallen, every department of industry offers to themoderatelv gifted and diligent young man at least a financial reward which must be be yond his reach if he elects the vocation of the Christian ministry; and hence many, we fear, have turned a deaf ear to the call of the Mas ter. We warn our young men against the spirit of the age. Even if it were a question alone of personal choice, there are higher vocations than that of money- making, and life's best reward consists not. in the attain ment of material wealth. To preach to dying men ■ the gospel of the ever-blessed God is a calling to be coveted by an angel, and, faith fully done, brings a present and eternal bles sedness, beyonfl all purchase and above all words. To the Christian patriotism of our young men we earnestly appeal. Never were the requirements of the Church more pressing, and never were the opportunities of usefulness to the self-sacrificing more numerous. Delay not, therefore, to enter upon the whitened harvest-field, where, by your consecrated ener gies, you maj win for the Saviour many souls, who shall be your crown of rejoicing in the day of Christ. The urgency of this appeal is emphasised by the sudden death of the late Bev. Geo. W. Patchell, M.A., during the later sessions of the Conference. Shortly after having spoken in favor of the reading of the Bible in State schools during school hours he was seized with apoplexy, and in less than an hour he had passed away to the reward await ing the faithful minister of Jesus Christ. In our smitten circumstances our cry to Heaven has been Help, Lord; for the godly man ceaseth ; for the faithful fail from among the children of men. We earnestly pray that our dear brother's death may be as the seed from which much goodly fruit will grow. " To meet the immediate requirements of our work, three young ministers have been sent for from England, and these may be ex pected to arrive for work in the beginning of the Methodist year. The superabundance of trained ministers in the colleges at home just now, offers to us a rare opportunity of supply, and it is our sincere regret that, for financial reasons, we have had to limit our operations in this respect to the most pressing exigencies. Not only do the inviting but still vacant spheres of usefulness mate it desirable that we should in this way reinforce our minis terial ranks, but we are urged to it, so that the few candidates who offer, instead of being immediately pushed out into the work, may receive the advantages of a special training for the ministry, the lack of which becomes a serious and life-long drawback, alike to them selves and the Church. We have known cases where the fear of being sent out to the work thus unfurnished and untrained, has de terred promising young men from placing themselves at the Church's disposal. For this reason alone we appeal for the support of our Home Mission Fund on a scale of enlarged liberality. There are other reasons, however, upon which to base such an appeal. The demands upon our Home Mission work were never so great as now, while the f repeated failures in the harvest in most of the Northern Districts multiplies very largely the claims upon the Fund." 