NEMESIS. ' Is no case in these colonies has- the overshadowing presence of the avenging goddess so faithfully followed orime to detection, than in tkf.t of tile notorious Kellys, their relatives, and their friends. . Is the heyday of their criminal success, when to whisper an adverse word, respecting the dastardly atrocities of the outlaws, in the neighbourhood of Greta, Olenrowan, Wangaratta, Benalla and Strathbogie, was to incur the hatred and malice of jthe sympathising crew of associates and sympathisers of the murderous gang, the infested districts *ere then simply sinks'of ruffianism ; and notwiihstanding the vigilance of the police, the oulawed gang wm shielded, communicated with, and: assisted in almost an open manner. Whiln their ill- gotten money lasted there were troops of sympathising cut throats, who,-like vampires, bled them and gloated in theii intercourse with the foulest ruffians who ever tainted the earth upon which they trod ^ but in their extremity their wolfish affection disappeared and only the gleaming teeth of the hysena remained in sneaking audacity to show how they regretted the rapture of the bank from which they had so long drawn their criminal share of murderous Broils. Tlie Kellys,. the SUillions,. the Lloyds, the Qiiins, and the Wild Wrights of the community had to Bettle to-work. Their source of income was a thing of the past, and their parties pation in the plunder of their blood-dyed associates was lost with tbe termination of the fearful episode at Glet)rowan. It was- a terrible blow to the: rampant ruffianism of the district, and of the colony ; and its effects were Bot confined to the superficial results ~r but thev are not yet obliterated from, the minds of those wiR). either' ljy instinot or preference were disposed to a career ot crime. The Baumgartens, and the Kennedy's—sympathisers and compatriots—fell before the tragedy &t; Glenrowun ; bat there was no doubt in the minds of the police^that they were participators in the profits uf the horse and oattle stealing trade which was then being carried on across the river at Howlong. Thev first went to the <?all; and the Kellys, after the fearful outrage at Stringy Bark CreeU, and the exploits at ifiuroa and Jerilderio, met their dreadful doom at Glenrowan. The mother of the outlaws, and her daughter, Mrs Skill",on, had'previausly been convicted and incarcerated for a term of years at Penttjdge; and Tom Lloyd, a consin, has lately becn.disabled for life by a fall whilst breaking in a horse. "Later on, the "bush telegraph," Lucy Thompson, whose exploits during thu period that the outlaws evaded capture, were such as were only eclipsed' by the wild daring of Kate Kelly, was sent from Wangar&tta; to a Lunatic Asylum with a child in her arms, having fallen a victim to the Inst of those with whom' she associated, and whose liberty she so zealously guarded daring the terrible period between October, 1878, when the first murders were committed- by the Kellys, and June, 1880, when the gang was annihilated at Glenrowan. Her history is a pitiful one ;.and is a fair example of the retribution which almost invariably folio wis long screened criminality. Finally, we have the capture of the scoundrel Wild Wright, who,. After repeated escape3 from the police, was-at last found gtiilty ; and the judgp, to Bhow- bis opinion of the ruffiau sent him to prison far tbe lengthened term of six years. He'had carried on his nefarious games so- long, and with such canning, that it was almost impossible to entrap- him. He escaped from the Baroawartba charge; and again from- the Cootamnndra information, when, his brother in criuie, James Kelly, met with his deserts in a long term of imprisonment. Such then is the singular record of theBe people. Retribution, though tardy,, has swooped upon them at last, and- the dreadr rec&rd; should certainly exorcise a deterrent effect upon the minds of those who lean to dishonesty and ruffianism ; but, although the avenging Nemesis has marked so many victims of the crew for her own,- the list is by no means exhausted^ The ring is only crippled—not killed—and there yet remain a few enterprising ruffians, who, with all the watchfulness of the authorities, have managed- to live on 'the profits of their nefarious industry,, and yet to keep out of gaol. It is satisfactory,, however, to know that they are well watchod-; and if tbe doomof those with whom they so long associated, and whose deeds in s miner degree they bave emulated, affords any criterion, the expiation of their villainy is only a matter of time. The- police are to be congratulated upon- their success so far ; and it is yet to be hoped that further advances will be made towards oleaosing the North- eastern district of Victoria of the pestilent population with which its secluded areas is so thickly dotted. SCOTCH CIICBCH.—The Kev. J. Macarthur will preach in VVanganella on Sunday next at 11 a.m.; at Pretty Pine at 3 p.m., and Demliq.uin iu the evening; snd on Snuday the 18th inst. at Tuppal Station, at 10.30.r a.m.; at North Tuppal Hall at 1.30 p.m., and in Deniiiquin in the evening; WESLEYAN.—Divine Service will be conducted at Deniliqnin on Sunday next, morning and evening.l The Bev. W. Weston will preach at Gouargo at 11 a.m., and at Deniliquin in tbe evening at 7 30-p.m. j ; ENGLISH MAILS.—Mails for the United Kingdom,- via Brindisi, will close at tbe Post Office, Deniliquin, on Wednesday next, 14th inst., at noon. MET. L. W. Broughton, Clerk of Petty Sessions at Deniliquin, hpB- bfen appointed a commisioner for taking affidavits under the Supreme court of thecolony of Victoria. A MAN was found dead on the Hartwood run last week. MONTHLY MEETING OF THE SCHOOL OF ARTS.— The ordinary monthly meeting of the Committee of the School of Arts Was held on Thursday evening ; Mr Thomas Hanson,. Vice- President in the chair. There were also-present Messrs Hunter, Moorhead, Jeremy, Slaman, Trist, Chandler (Treasurer), Hirst and- Wyse, (Vice-President and Secretary). The minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed!. The correspondence was unimportant with the exception of a letter from the Deniliquin Variety Troupe, enclosing particulars respecting the' proceeds of the late performance in aid of the funds ; and another from Mr M. L. Hutchinson, offering to purchase books for the institute while be was in- England. The secretary was instructed to tender a warm vote of thanks to the Deniliquin Variety Troupe;' and to mform Mr Hutchinson that tbe Committee did not contemplate further orders until the' receipt of the one of which be advised the members. Mr Chandler, on behaU of the Building Committee, explained what progress bad been made* and the rules committee submitted a' draft code for approval. The code wasdiscussed in detail, and a few amendments were suggested snd approved. It was then decided that a general meeting of subscribers be called for Thursdiy next to finally eudorse the code. The treasurer's report showed that £57 bad been paid an ay for booke, salaries, and rent since the beginning of the year, .and that a balance of £65 17s 3d, still remains m hand, Aa account of £2 4s 6d to Mrs King, the caretaker, was passed for payment. . Messrs Hanson, Chandler, and Wyse, were appointed a quarterly collecting committee ; -and the secretary was instructed to effect an additional insurance on the stock. The meeting then adjourned. THR &.BCTORA& LISTS.—The simended electoral list for 1883 is now on view at the Court-house; Deniliquin. Those whose names are not on it, and who are qualified should lose no time in making the necessary inspection so as to insure the requisite insertion. The list will be only displayed for a limited period, so that it is necessary the perusal be prompt and without delay. SCHOOL ATTENDANCE OFFICER,—Mr Murray, at one time s teacher .under the.Board of Education in Riverina, has bpen -appointed school attendance officer for the distriotsiof Deniliqutuand Hay. He visited Deniliquin during tbe week, and baa already entered apon his duties. • The district to whioh he is to attend extend* from Moama to Booligal and from Balranald to Jerilderie- It is likely tbat his head qurters will be tixed at Deniliquin. ToppiL MECHANICS' iSSTiruiE.—The following gentlemen have been gazetted trustees for the land granted at Tuppal,aa a site for a Mechanics' Inttitute :—Messrs : Loavt: William l>'£lboux, John M'Alister, Thomas Jameson, John Looke Waters, Frederick Henry Mayger. DMIUQUIK SCHOOL OF ABTS.—No tenders were sent in for the renovation of the Deniliqain School of Arts, and the erection ef a portico, on Thursday last, and the- building committee has decided .upon extending the time-at which tenders will be received for one week.. It was also decided that, as the tenders state the depth of the proposed, excavations for the foundations of the portico at " abont". five feet, an allowance will be madoifor any greater depth sunk ia reaching the maiden, clay upon which the foundations are to- rest. The new advertisement calling.' for tenders appears in our business columns. DEHILIQTJIH FIRE BRIOAKK.—The members of tbe Deniliquin Fire Brigade will leave Deuiliqitiu for Sandhurst on Tuesday next, to take* pare in the Fire Brigade Demonstration to be held there on tbe two following days. They have entered for six of the events, and will- be represented as follows :— Four men, engine practice (to aitart work six feet from -engine)—Firemen : C. Kins, J. Collins, J. Simpson, and H. Willoughby ; eight men (to. run 100 yards to ebgine, attach two lengths suction hose, 100 feet wet canvas delivery hose, fix, branch atid throw water over rope 20 feet high)—Firemen: Phillips, Bowden, Mahon, Re id, Jiowe-. T.) Collins, H. Moickey, and J. Cassidy; emergences : J. M*Gowat», and.). Kynaston ; For ladder rico, (one man from each Brigade to run 50 yards and mount ladders)—Phillips, Rowe, and Moickey go into praotice. The uniform of tbe brigade has just been completed to order by Mr Mudie, tailor of Deniliquin ; and the members will turn out in tbjeir new clothes when they march to the railway station on Tuesday morning. The Brigade has been practising assiduously of late, bat does not anticipate acliiering success in any of tbe contests at Sandhurst. THE VICTORIAN PARLIAMENT.—In tbe Victorian Assembly on Tuesday last, the debate on the amendment proposed by Mr Service on the previous Thursday, follows was continued :—-'That all the words after the nord sovereign (iu the introductory parsgraph of the draft adAresainreplyybe omitted, with the view of insertinc the following words i— 'And respectfully informing His Excellency that; his advisers do not possess the confidence of Parliament.' " A protracted discussion ensued, and at its. conclusion the amendment was carried without a division. Mr Service then moved—"That a committee • be appointed to draw up a respectful, address to His Excellency t]g& Governor, sucb committee to consist of Mr Berry, Mr M'Lean, Mr Tucker, Mr Harper, Mr Walker. Mr Bell, and Mr Service, and that the committee do retire at once." Agreed to. Thq commit-tee having retired, and returned, Mr :Service presented the address,.which was as follows rl—"Wer tbe Legislative Assembly of Victoria, in Parliament assembled, beg to express on-loyalty to our most gracious Sovereign, and respectfully inform your Excellency that your advisers do not posfess the confidence of the country." The address was agreed to, and Mr Service moved that the address be presented to His Excellency by the Speaker. The motion was agreed 'o and the House adjourned. The O'Loghlen Ministry resigned on Wednesday-,! and Mr Service waB sent for, and undertook to form . the new administration. Mr Service and Mr Berry have effected a coalition, and they are now bothengaged in forming the new ministry. A GHOST.—On Wednesday night lust somo idioticperson was seen on the Cressy- street bridge adjacent to the reserve dressed in a white sheet and carrying a knife in his hand. Oh two or three occasions the fellow frightened children by first groaning in a sepulchral voice,, and then brandishing his knife. Several parents made an effort to discover the idiot but,, fortunately for him, they were unsuccessful. The attention of tbo police will probably prevent a repetition of the foolery. THE MUNICIPAL VALUATION.—A discussion took pl&Sa; at the last meeting'of the Council respecting the; appointment of a valuator. The town clerk explained tbat it was customary to appoint only one, and-:that he (the Town Clerk) was the other. He however wished to be relieved of the office, and that two :be appointed. It was ultimately resolved that only one be appointed ; and the Town Clerk then intimated'that he had not been treated very well by the Council respecting bis position aB a valuator. He had acted on fourteen valuations and has never been paid a farthing for tbe work. More than one half ot the- responsibility devolved upon him during the progress of the valuation, and he was the :ans of hastening its completion, thereby savir , considerable expense ; and in consequence of .is time being taken up he was compelled to noglect his own duties, and then do much overtime in retraining the time lost. The question of remunerating tbe Town Clerk was not considered; but it was apparent that under' the circumstances, hia exertions would meet with subsequent appreciation. THE LATE ENTERTAINMENT. —Tbe nett prooeeds of the late entertainment by ibe Deniliquin Variety Troupe in-aid of the funds, of the School'of Arts, amounting to £11 4s, were handed, over to the Secretary of the Institution on Tuesday." The statement of receipts and expenditure, is as follows— By amoant of proceeds of the two entertainments, £27 5s. The. expenditure was as follow:— To h'ire of Town Hall (two nights and one- rehearsal) £4 15s ; W. "White (Hall for rehearsal) 10s; J. J. Rtid (posting and bellringing) £1; Martin (4oorfceeping) 6s ; J. F. Mayger (printing) £2 6a : T. R. Hunter (printing) £4 4s, (less discount 4M) ; Hanson and Son (goods, £1 7s; A. Jameson (goods) £1 7s; Mr Hoskir - (time lost) £1; sundry expenses 9s; balance (handed to School of Arts) £11 4a. The donation is a material addition to the funds,, as with the Government subsidy the institution benefits to the amount of £16 lGs. DKNzr.IQUIV PUBLIC SCHOOL.—A meeting, of those interested in the Public School matters was he'd on Tuesday evening last. Mr James "Watson occupied the chair -r and explained that the meetiug had been called for the purpose of eliciting an expression of opinion from parents and others interested, respecting the advisability of providing prizes for distribution at the coming holidays, and a treat for the children during the recess. Last year a considerable sum was- collected, and a large nutnber of prizes was given; but he felt that only a small sum would be required this year for providing prizes and a treat upon a less extended scale. Mt- W". H. Hooper stated there was yet a balance of £7 remaining- from- last year's- subscriptions,- whieh was yet available for present requirement. Me had no doubt the old committee would hand the money over. A conversational' discussion ensued, and it was then decided that Mr Hooper be Secretary and Treasurer, and that MesSrs H. W. Hunter,.Mackenzie, Paton, Kock,G. Hunter, Young, B'rodie, Lelliott, Gollagber, N-oyes, Fox, Thies, Heriot, AUanson, and Cox, with power to add to their number, be a committee to carry ont the objects of the. meeting: The meeting then adjourned until- Friday night. Last night about twenty gentlemen met at the adjourned meeting; Mr Watson in the chair. The following' «eutleinea were appointed collectors, viz., Messrs Heriot, W. Mackenzie, Paton,. Hanson, Hock, Cox,. M. Mackenzie, Hooper; Thies, and Moorhead. It was decided tkat £10 be spent in boobs for prizes, and £5-in toyB for distribution' at tbe 1 treat, which would follow.- Messrs Watson and (xollagher were appointed to select the prizes to be awarded ; and the Secretary was instructed to communicate with Messrs-' Hatch, and Grant respecting the catering reqaired. Mr James Watson will take the chair at the breaking, np ; and the Mayor will be requested to distribute the prizes iu accordiance with the awards^ The nieetin adjourned until Thursday next. DENILIQUIN JOCKEY CLUB.—A meeting of members of the Deniliquin Jockey Club,, was held at the Royal- Hotel; Mr F. Mack m the chair.- There were also present Messrs Braim, Ochiltree,Shanahanj Tracey, Dickson, Marum, Mackenzie, and Moorhead. After discussion it was decided,on the motion of Mr Braim, seconded-by Mr Tracey, that a circular letter be sent to the members of the cluh reminding' them of their responsibility and requesting them to send iu their subscriptions at once. The following gentlemen were appointed to act as a Finance Committee during ensuing year, viz., Messrs M. J. Macnamara, \\\ ^ Mackenzie, and J. S. Braim. " Mr. Shanaban moved, and Mr Mackenzie seconded,-that there be one day's racing in July on the day before the show. The motiou was carried. It was then decided on the motion of Mr. Ochiltree,-seconded by Mr Shanuhan,- that Messrs Macnamars and Mackenzie be ap[K>inted a committee for the pur- . pose of drawing up a programme- for submission to a general meeting: to 1 be subsequently notified by advertisement, tbe amount of prizes not to- exceed £179: The meeting then adjourned-. ACCIDBSTS—A serious accident happened to a .passenger by Cobb and Co.-'s coach'at Wangonella (Ju Monday morning, last. The coach had just drawn up aud the passenger,- whose! name is Brooke- was about alighting. On piecing his foot on the wheelhe slipped and fell to the gronnd-. Tbo extent of the injury was not' discovered until the arrival of the coach at Deniliquin, when the pain became so great that Dr Thyne, who is temporarily actiug for I>r Noyes, was called in.- On examination it was found that a fracture of the ankle joint had beensustained. The nature of Mr Brook's bneiness would not admit of his remaining in Deniliquin, and he was removed by train to Melbourne on Monday afternoon.. Another accident happened on Saturday to a child named Priest, about ten yean of age at North Deniliquin. In playing, the child fell and had her arm broken. The little girl has been. singularly unfortunate having sustained two previous fractures of tbe same limh. A thirfl mishap occnred on Sunday to a child at North Deiiiliqsin whilst playing sear some horses in Hodgkins' paddock. Oie of tbe horses kicked heron the bead, and concussion of the brain resulted. The two latter sufferers are progressing favourably. ' RABBTT&,—An ominous indication of the increase of the rabbit pent was (rives on Sunday last in the Deniliquin Park adjacent to the. water works. Twice during the afternoon rabbits were started by lime boys who were walking through the timber with a dog; and in eaehimtancetlie rabbit was laptured and destroyed. "We have been informed hat several rabbits have also been seen a few mndred yards further-of) the river, and that there f no difficulty in "finding one »t»njr time a hunter i nay feci disposed to look for the game, 