The Brisbane Courier. FRIDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1883. IT has been recently stated in our English telegrams that renewed, negotiations have taken place between France and China with a view of settling the differences between the countries in a peaceful way. We, Aus- tralians, have every reason to hope that these negotiations will be successful, because we, more than any other people of European blood, have reason to dread the ultimate consequences of the war should it break out. In saying this we do not mean to infer that the combatants would interfere with our present security or comfort, but we cannot shut our eyes to the probability that such a war would hasten the advent of the time when China will have learned to avail herself to Hie fullest extent of her vast, almost immeasurable, military resources. There is something ex- ceedingly ominous in the preparations made for the struggle. England, Germany, and . Russia have, we are told, come to an under- standing concerning the action to be taken in guarding tho commerce of the treaty ports of China.- This may mean that France will be compelled to fight with one hand tied behind her back, because not even, the recklessness engendered by the sickness of the body politic in the Republic, would impel its Government to affront so powerful a combination. If our supposition is correct, and France is to be debarred from striking al her enemy where she can deal most elfeclàve blows, her discomfiture becomes almost inevitable. She could in such ¡i case only send one expeditionary corps after another to the delta of the: lied River, where they would be wasted by îever awl consumed in endless conflicts with troops which China can renew as fast and as long as she pleases. France would be beaten, not so much by China as by the armed neutrality of other European Powers. And yet France, bj* the force of civeiuu stances, would lie fighting the battle of the European against the Mongolian, inia war of which we can see the beginning but cannot even guess the end. We ought ta entertain no delusions on this subject. Our countrymen have taken a prominent part in kicking that slumbering giant, the Chinese Empire, into, activity, and it is now beginning to awake. In that Empire ¡nul, at the head of its. affairs are men who, iatellectually, are not one whit inferioi to the statesmen of Europe. The Marquis T^eng as a diploaintist, and Li Hung Chang as an administrator, have few equals ami probably no real superiors among the public men of our own race. And we have no reason tjo suppose that there is any scarcity of such men in China. Until recently their existence has been concealed from, us by the barrier which separated Chinese from Europeans. Now that this baraer is falling down we. see- beyond it an immensely powerful nation, possessing a civilisation which differs not merely in methods but in aims from ours. "We lind the intelligent classes in. this strange nation scanning our civilisation with curious, but by no means appreciative eyes, and deliberately selecting for adoption only those mechanical facilities given to ns by applied science which have fot the moment made us stronger than they «re. They are takingour engines and our weapons,but they are contemptuously rejecting our religion, our morals, and our philosophy, They readily accept the services of European officers to teach them the art of war, but they are careful that no European shall obtain any supreme or permanent command. They will cheerfully pay European teachers to instruct them in the art of building and navigating steamers, making and running railways, or laying down and working tele- graphs ; but when the teacher has done his work he is politely sent about his business, and the Chinese pupil takes his place. And the more we eau leam of the inner life of this people the more clearly can we discern the deep abiding hatred of the European nations which animates them. The more intelligent the Chinese, the more profoundly does he cherish this sentiment, though he may not display it with the vulgar frankness of the ignorant lower orders of bia countrymen. Every injury we Europeans have done to the Chinese, every slight we hilve offered to their national pride-and we have often both injured and insulted them-is treasured in the hearts of a people whoso tenacity is unexampled, and who will patiently wait for a generation or two, if by delay they can make sure of their cherished revenge. This patient, tenacious, and revengeful people li.avo within themselves everything that goes, nowadays, to make up ¡i great military power. The swarming millions of the alluvial plains of China pioper can fur- nish in indefinite quantities the money to buy warlike material, and the labour to pro- duce and shape it, besides furnishing " food for cannon " in inexhaustible munbeiis and of fair quality. Besides these are ni any millions of Tártara who, by nature and old tradition, ave warriors, and who are da scribed by those who know llieni best ¡is furnishing some of the finest material for soldiers to be found in any paît of the woild. It is from this race that the rulers and the military organisers of China are derived, and it should never be forgotten that it waa the same race which at one time poured like a devastating Hood into India, and carried fire and sword to the very gates of Moscow. What feat of arms could not a people combining the plodding perseverance of the Chinese with the fiery valour of the Tartars perform when organised and aided with all the facilities which modern mili- tary science gives to the movements of huge masses of men. No doubt at the pre- sent moment China could not effect much beyond her own boundaries, nor indeed could she successfully resist within them a Power like England, having at her disposal the native armies ü¡. India. But if we look back for twenty years and note the marvellous change which has taken place in the military power of China, and think of what if may be twenty years hence, we shall have food for serious medi- tation. No State in Europe, not even Prussia, has made so great a proportionate advance in military development as the Chinese Empire since I860. It is not too much to suppose that China will grow to her full niilitaty stature within the next genera- tion, and possess an anny and fleet fully commensurate with her enormous popula- tion and material resources. It is because the threatened war will hasten the military development of China by training her soldiers to face Europeans, and leaching them that they can overcome their resistance, that we dread it. No doubt that military development will be completed some day even if no war should now take place. But for our part we should like to seo that day postponed as long as possible. Our Northern forefathers believed that a Last Day would come upon them in which gods and men would alike perish in furious combat with the re- volted powers of nature. Each North- man believed that this inevitable catas- trophe could uot bo avoided but it might be postponed, and that he, by cer- tain observances, could in an infinitesimal degree contribute to its postponement. And, stern fatalists as they were, the North- men did not neglect those precautions. In like manner, we will be pleased to find the I European Powers doing nothing to hinder I France in the coming war, because they, too, are interested in postponing, for :u> long a time as possible, the day when China will take rank as the strongest military power in tlie world. If Europeans could agree to make China understand that if she touched one she hurt all, it would be better tlian if they allowed Chinese diplomacy to weaken them by jilnying off the friendship of one against the hostility of the other. The latter course, however, is the one most likely to be adopted. China is very distant from Europe, and even Russia has tfee arid wastes of Siberia be- tween her and Pekin. But we Australians, who are the nearest European neighbours of China, may come some day to laugh at our present fears about Russia and France while fixing our eyes on the growing fleets and swelling armies of the erst-irhile des- pised Chinese. THE announcement that a peerage has been conferred on the Poet Lauroate will, we doubt not, evoke the approval and excite the applause of many circles. Tule esprit de i corps which distinguishes the i auk and file of men of letters is strong and unselfish, and Lord Tennyson's social :*dvaiicenieut will be welcomed by none more than these. And his countless readers and admiréis vv ill. be gratified! that apparent now distinction,, honour, and dignity are added to the distin- guished, honoured, and dignified poet. It is not because of his birth or descent, but because of his pre-eminence- as the poet of the latter half of the nineteenth century, that he has been made a peer of the realm. He is *f:' ancient descent, uid has the r-iyal blood of. the Plaiitageiicte,iji his veins ; but the odice of Poet Laureate is neither ancient nor particularly honourable ; indeed, it, has beCBihebd by the most atrocious versifiers, for some do not desei-we-to be called.poets, thateverdefacedfairgaper. The later holders of. the appointment base redeemed it from utter mediocrity and rescued it from derision, but Mr. Tennyson, is undoubtedly \facil& princeps oí the laureates,, and the greatest to whorsstbe meagre wages-and the concomitant pijqs. of wine have- ever been poid. There is, of course, no valid; season why honours similar to those confeered on great generals and, sea-captains ; oà successful or unsuccessful office- holders in, the State ; on distinguished and lucky barristers ; on mere wealth j and on political injjuence, should not be conferred on great poets. But there seems hitherto to have- been a very proper prejudice against the acceptance of such honours by really great men of lettors. Mr. Tennyson is undoubtedly a. great poet, though he is « long distouçe behind the greatest. Much of his work will survive and is justly entitled to what is conveniently spoken of as immortality. But a good deal of what he has published is poor stuff ;> and Mr. Swinburne, no bad critic, is of opinion that in his " Idylls of the King" the "Poet Laureate has destroyed the spleudour of the magnificent old romance, and degraded the great central figure, King Arthur, to an immoral and contemptible " wittol." . < Yet Mr. Tennyson's pre-eminence as the poet of our day and generation will not be con- tested, and as such he is doubtless fairly entitled to the drjjnity now bestowed on him. But we doubt if he has shown himself wise or proven himself great by accepting it. A coronet cannot add to his fame or increase the lustre of his name. His opinions, gathered from his works, lead us to believe that he is not a man whose vanity would run on a title, an ermined cloak, and a seat in the gilded chamber. Coronets and the claims of long descent and such vanities he teaches his readers rather to despise and to cling to the Teat creed that goodness is better than titular nobility. Shall he by-and-by in the House of Lords make speeches on the liquor ques- tion, and vote on Land Acts ? Will he not willi his unkempt hair and beard, his rugged cloak, his slouch hat, be out of place in the Lords? or will he relinquish his eternal pipe and tobacco to sit out a debate 1 Some of his predecessois in the laureate ship have refused hereditary dignities. Soutbey declined a baronetcy. The many men of letters who preferred their plain patronymic, with the hard-earned but en- during fame attached thereto, to the lesser and somewhat spurious fame of a title, are, to our mind, bright stais in the constellation of literature. Dickens rejected the offer of a baronetcy. Grote, the historian, refused a peerage. Walter Scott, it is true, took his baronetcy ; but no one could dream that he, with his imaginary feudal ancestors, his heart - longings after pedigrees and heraldries, could have liad the strength of mind to refuse what was obviously such a gratification to his simple soul. Mticaultiy's peerage was a reward to a politician, and not to a vviiter of history anti essays. Bulwer-Lytton's baronetcy and subsequent barony were con- ferred on the country gentleman, the repie sontative of good families, the heir of large possessions, and not on the novelist and dramatist. poes a peerage perpetuate literary fame ? People speak of " J,ord " Bacon, but there was no such person, VYanrm J-.^Jon was raised to the peerage iis Viscount St. Alban and Baron Verulam ; but who now speaks of him as such, and how would a bookseller look if asked for the essays of the late Lord St. Alban? John Milton sold " Paradise Lost " for a few pounds ; it did not in his lifetime go through several editions j he was not puffed and pictured and peeraged ; yet he-who should turn in his grave at this new depar- ture in English men of letters-is great, though centuries have passed since, blind and tormented, he wrought out his immortality, and he is growing greater as the centuries go on. What will the ghosts of the ex-Poet Laureates think of Lord Tennyson ? Will the late 2>ious Nalmm Tate, the atrocious Pye,and theother "intellectualeunuchs," the pitiable drivellers who have in their .'day worn the official wreath of laurel, but whose names to-day are, and for all ages to come will be, bywords and marks for scorn in the world of letters. Will these, we say, repine over the peerages that should have beeii theirs? Did not George III. iii a weak moment babble au offer of a baronetcy lo Laureate Pye ? Will the unrewarded spirit of Pye bemoan (hat he had the sense to decline it ? We think Alfred Tennyson would hare done better had he refttsecl the proffered peerage. His laurels are not, as the laurels of the Pyes .and Tates, bound round his brows only so long as he occupies the Court poet's chair. His wreath is unfading;, and will, we surmise, outlast nearly all, if not all, of his contemporary singei-s. A barony is no addition to his.- honours ; he is loo great and too unique in his fame for ¡in uiidistiiigiiishing distinction of this de- scription. The real lustre and glory of the great poet will be diminished, because the tinsel lustre and glory of the new peer will compete with and' divide them. Of the poet's reivard, a great essayist lins written : This is the ro ward :. that the ideal shall be real to theo. Thou slinlt have the- wholo land for thy park and manor, tho sea for thy bath and navigation, without tax and without envy v the woods and tho rivers.thou shalt own j andthou slialt possess that in. which others aro only tenants orboarders. Thou truo land-lord, sea-lord, i air-lord 1 Wherever snow lallfl-or water flows or ? birds fly ; wherever, day and night meet ia twi- light; whore ver the bluo heaven is hung by clouds or sown with stars ; wherever nro outlets into celestial space ; wherever is danger and awe . and love-thcro ia beauty plenteous as rain shed for theo; and though.thou shouldsC walk tho world over, thou shaltaiot be able to fiiida.ooiidi iion inopportune or ignoble. This iûay pal Ulfe of the rhetoric of enthusiasm, but ia the old days of the woild great poeta haire been content with such rewards»;, and Alfred Tennyson, io us and those who* come after «Bj,would have stood out as- a greater and. nobler i figure if he were unonnobled by a« eorouct, and had shown that he estimated himself as ¡of a greater greatness than that which a i title is believed, to bsstow. The- nobility 'conferred by ¡Etelleat, the farue-ofi a great and good poet, is- eterually souncLand entire, iknows no sigin o£ age, no smelbof coirup tion. "Rare Ben Jonson" is, a grander epitaph than " theR%htHonoma&Je; Alfred, First Lord Teinysori, &c;, &c.;" Yet the cnuao for-iejoicing îni She matter is that genius.is de-emed worthy of high re- wards, and thougla Mr. Gladstone seems to be so profuso in bestowing baronetcies on. medical doctors said knighthoods on music masters that these honours, wa in a fair way of becoming contemptible because of their coinmoniiûas^ nevertheless, he is eutitkd to praise fen having offered a peerage to our chief peet, who yet would have been a greater aian if he had declined the offer. TnE- well-maintained upward movement duricg the past week in the outside mvket rate for money in London, which has in- creased from 2 te, 2^ per cent, is, in all probability, to be partially attributed to the fä#t that the larg¡¡ withdrawal of gold front the Bank of Kurland occasioned by the payment of ti» half-yearly dividends on various poi tions of the consols has lessened the accommodation available for the discount houses, and so caused a highei rate. This, however, were it the sole cause, would be quite a temporary stringency, for the gold must, in a short time, find its way back to the banks, and thence to the Bank of England again. But the prospect of a Franco-Chinese war, which now seenis inovitable, is probably the chief cause of tue hardening market, and thus the rising value may have elements of permanency in «. It is to be observed that consols are quoted, ex dividend, ¡it JlOOi. This is equivalent to ¿£102 cum dividend. Consols are always gold on the Stock Exchange with what we may call their dividend rights. Thus, if a sale is effected during the six months that elapse between the payments of the divi- dend, the Stock Exchange rule is that the accrued interest to the date of the bargain and sale is the property of the seller, as the buyer is recouped by receiving the full interest for the half-year, payable at the next time of dividend. An event which may be of some moment to the immediate future of colonial finances has been an- nounced during the week; that is, that early in the year the Russian Government will float, or seek to float, a loan of fifty millions sterling. The long depression in money may occasion an eagerness to seize the first Government security that oilers, and if this loan be promulgated before the colonial loans announced for next spring, their success may be diminished, so that it bihoves the colonies to anticipate Russia, and absorb as much as possible of the floating capital ¡it home while it is super- abundant. Though we are quite alive to the fact that Russian Government securities stand by no means high on the London Stock Exchange-some of their five pen cents being as low as ¿£85, and none as high as par-nevertheless a new loan will'pro- bably have new attractions, and oiler some more assured security than that possessed by the old ones, and brokers are «ver ready to dabble in a speculative stock. At all events, it is certain that a fair quantity of English capital will find its way into the new Russian-bonds, and we, therefore, would counsel Australian bor- rowers to take the market while it is, as it now is, at flood, and before the inevitable eWl) really commences. In Australia it is not improbable that the price of money will soon decline. In the columns of our excel- lent contemporary, the Bankiag and In- surance Record, we discern indications of a coming lower rate ; and it is to be expected at this season because the proceeds of the wool clips must now be realised. In Brisbane, .during the week;, a new ice company, with a sniost respectable .aud influential directorate, ibas been formed, and, we believe, fully sub- scribed for without the necessity of a public ¡..advertisement. The capital, however, is .only ¿£10,000 in 2000 shares of £b each. Under such favourable auspices and on .-such good lines, it will be financially a success -we have no doubt. We believe, also, a firm .of produce merchants is being formed into a limited company with a small capital. The fourth of the month seems to have passed without any incidents to alter our fre- quently-expressed opinion that the trading interests of Queensland continue in ¡i 'healthy, solvent, and ptogressive condition ; and if, as wc auticipaie,inoney should soon become cheaper, we may look for an ex- pended term of unintcri upted development '.and prosperity. xONE'o'f the most widely known and best managed insurance companies in Ameiica is the New York Life Insurance Company, with a yearly income of £.2,305,050, and accumulated funds to the amount of nearly ten and a-half millions sterling. This company has long since established many English branches, with three distinguished gentlemen as ti ustccs, and it is now e\\.tendinp its operations to Australia. Its representative, Colonel J. J, Jeffers, has established a branch in New South Wales, and he is now in Biibbanc for a similar purpose. The first step towards this object is the taking out of " f oinidation policies" of £2000 each by at least twenty leading men, aud we understand that a considerable number of applications of this kind have been already made in Biisbane, The special feature of the Now York society is its " Tontine" and " Bonus" policies, which arc said to offer advantages much superior to those given by any other life office. The tontine periods expire in ten or fifteen years, as may be agreed upon, and the result is that the in- sured person who survives the term gots all his money back with a bonus equal to 5 per cent compound interest, while his life has been as- sured in the amount of the policy during the entire term. He is also offered no less than ifive different " options." But we must refer «the reader to the society's publications for further details, morely remarking that there is i every reason to believe that the company will gain a firm footing here, despite TSnglish and «colonial competition. THE two Maryborough crews who took part in the recent regatta were entertained by a few -, members of the Commercial Rowing Club at a picnic at Nudgee yesterday. Tho company, numbering in all nearly twenty, left the Royal »Hotel in a couple of waggonettes shortly after 9 .o'clock. The morning was warm, but all were bent on enjoyment, and little heed was taken of tho state of the weather. Whatever they may be able to do on the water, the Mary- borough men certainly surpass the Brisbane oarsmen in vocal abilities, and on tho journey down the quiet dwellers alongside the Nudgee .road were attracted to their doors, probably under the impression that the Opera Company had broken loose and were invading their soli- tudes. Before 11 o'clock the Nudgee beach was reached, and the tide being high all hands were soon sporting themselves in the breakers, which were rolling in in fine style, A quiet " bange " under the trees followed. Before 1 o'clock Host Daly, of the Sovereign, made his appearance, followed by a large van laden with commodities both of a liquid and solid nature, likely to be prized on such a hot day and after an appetising drive and bathe. Very soon quite ?a sumptuous luncheon was spread on the grass, and the way in which turkeys, duoks, and chickens, together with the capacious jugs of iced shandygatï,disappoared was something astonish g. Mr. T. O'sullivan occupied the "chair,"' ' which consisted of an empty case ; and, after the luncheon was" over, proposed the health of the visitors, which was heartily drunk, and responded to by Mr. J. Bartholomew. The Maryborough crew returned the compli- ment by as cordially drinking the health of the Commercial Club, which was responded to by Mr. J. Devoy. The company left for town shortly after 2 o'clock, and reached the Royal before 5, having spent a very pleasant time. They met the storm on the way up, but, being in covered waggonettes, suffered very little inconvenience. Both the visiting crews left for Maryborough by the Leichhardt about half-past 5 o'clock the same evening. A con- siderable number of members of the Com- mercial Club and a few of the Kangaroo Point Club went to the wharf to see them off, and as the steamer got underway hearty cheers were given for the departing visitors, who of course returned the compliment, adding three for " Our Member," the Hon. Ii. B, Sheri- dan, who was on the wharf. THE Civil Sittings of the Southern District Court in Brisbane begin on Monday next. The following is a list of defended cases set down for hearing :-With a jury : Albert John Wotley, an infant, by his next friend, John Wotley, v. Charles Reese, damages on breach of agreement, £100 ; Mary Cowen v. Sarah White, James Johnstone, and Robert M'Dowell, damages £200. Without a jury: John Buxton v. Jane Westaway, services ren- dered, £57; William Chapman v. J. G. Crofton, goods sold and delivered, £7 10s. ; Richard G. Petty v. Arthur Martin and Co., damages, £50 ; Thomas B. Coe v. Joseph C. Smyth, work and labour, £50. THE heat of the weather during the last few days has been particularly noticeable, and fow who have experienced it will bo surprised to learn from the Government Meteorological Observer that the temperature yesterday morning was, with two exceptions, the highest experienced for twenty years The ther- mometer in the shade reached IOC, and only twice during the period named has IOS" been attained. Early in the afternoon a thunderstorm came up with great rapidity, and, lasting for less than two hours, gave, according to our office gauge, no less than 1-22in of rain. The discharges of electrcity during the storm were particularly heavy, and at least one house was stiuck in the neighbourhood of the city, though fortunately no serious harm was done A two stoned building in Caxton street, Petrie terrace, kept as a geueial stoie by Mr Pitt, was stiuck by lightning, but no injury was sustained beyond a few bricks being knocked fiom the chimney and some damage to the woodwotk The ofhcial icpoits foi 3 o clock yesterday afternoon aie necessarily very incomplete, but they show that the stoim w as experienced at Ipsw ich and Nanango, and thcie was also a s toi ni at Junction Cicck and rain at Georgetown and Noi manton The rain in Bnsbanc jestcrday afternoon was the heaviest we have had for a ver j long time, and cannot foil to do much good It will be seen from our intercolonial telegrams that sc\eie atmospheric distillbances have taken place m New South Wales mid South Australia, and thut there was heavy and continuous rain at Melbourne yestcrdaj Wl. have been shown a pamphlet, nppm entiy pi nitcd foi pnvato cn dilation, winch has been leccived by a gentleman m town It consists of tepunts from vauous uewspapois of their comments on the dopaituio of Sir Aithiu and Miss Kennedy from Queensland, and reports of the fat ewell ceremonies The collection and rcpubhcation of these extracts has evidently beena labour of love, and the abundance andtcnoi of the notices must liav c been giatifyingto the compiler It has not fallen to the lot of niunj colonial Goveinois to attract so much peisoual Uking and esteem as bu Arthur Kennedy excited,, and these senti nients are fully expressed in the extracts undei notice, taken fiom a wide tange of colonial and some English newspapcis The publication will be v* elcomed and ti easured by the many ft lends of our late Govctnoi in this colony WArnisif Ho-imiciNSON telegraphs to the Under Secret« y foi Mines- stating that the escott left Maytown on the 11 til instant with 321'ki/: 12dwt lSgi gold. BMV\ LEN two and thiee months ago Mr Challes Kahlo, consul geneial foi the United States, made a proposal, or rather threw out a suggestion, in the Sydney Press which attracted a good deal of favourable attention. It was his intention to visit America in the early part of 1SS4, and ho stated that he was prepared to take with him a party of twenty-five or thirty representative Australian gentlemen and show them what was worth seeing in the United States. The suggestion was taken up with some enthusiasm. It was evident that the members of such a party would have an opportunity not only of seeing the States moro pleasantly than they could possibly do if they went as individual tourists, but, with the advantage of Mr. Kahlo's introduction, they would gain access to everybody and everything worth visiting. It was also evident that such a quasi-official visit from a body of representative gentlemen would assist in the establishment of friendly relations between America and Australia, and bring the colonies under the notico of a good many Americans who at present know little or nothing about them. So keenly was the project taken up that Mr. Kahlo, who is now in Brisbano, tells us that tho party could easily have been completed in Sydney. He was, however, anxious to make it as repre- sentativo as possiblo, and theroforo wished to include in it some gentlemen from each colony. One Queenslander has already joined, but he wishes to have two or three moro. Wo shall bo glad to hear that some other gentlemen from Queensland are included in the party of tourists. Indeed, it is probable that when the project becomes known here a good many of our citizens who have the leisure will be inclined to embrace the opportunity of seeing the United States under such favourable conditions. They will, however, have to make up their minds soon, as the party will start in March. We have been asked to state that Mr. AVhite, of Messrs. Alfred Shaw and Co., is intrusted with tho organisation of tho party in Queensland, and will no doubt answer any inquiries addressed to him. THE A.S.N. Company announco that they have determined to issue excursion tickets at a considerable reduction between Brisbane and Sydney during the Christmas holidays, such tickets to bo available for a fortnight. Messrs. Howard Smith and Co. also announce that they will issue excursion tickets to Sydney and back at reduced rates during the Christmas holidays. WE (Gympie Times, 12th instant) are glad to hear from the member for Gympie that during hisrecentvisittoBrisbanehosawthoMinisterfor Workslaboutprocceding with the railway burvey to Brisbane by way of the valley of the Mary, and received from that gentleman a promise that the work will be commenced immediately after the party now employed on the Kilkivan line shall have finished their labours. Whilst we are upon tho subject we may mention that the survey of the coastal route, started from Gympie some time since, has been completed as far as Martin's, on the Noosa-road, and that we understand the survey of the same route from the Caboolture end is being expeditiously pushed forward. THE Macleay Mercury of 8th instant states that on the previous Wednesday Mr, M. H. Black, M.L.A., received the following telegram from the Hon. S. W. Griffith :-" In order to get special steamer obliged to postpone cere- mony till 20th ; leave Brisbane 17th ; arrive Mackay Wednesday afternoon ; leave again Friday, to reach Brisbane by Christmas ; sorry time so short, but no help for it." Our readers will doubtless receive this announcement with regret, since it had been hoped that the Governor and the Ministerial party might have been induced to prolong their stay in Mackay for a week at least. Unfortunately, it is to be otherwise, and we can only express the hope that what little the Governor may be enabled to sec during his brief stay amongst us may induce him at some future date to pay a second and more lengthened visit to the dis- trict. A DISCREDITABLE siprht was witnessed in Ann-street, Fortitude Valley, on Wednesday evening. Five not very sober raen-three in front and two behind-were walking in close company down the centre of the street, surrounding a woman who was evidently in a state of intoxication. Once they were in near danger of bein« run over by a 'bus. A gentleman who was passing called the at- tention of a constable, who, however, only elevated his chin and remained splendidly inactive, for the group were seen again some time afterwards. The men were hustling and dragging the woman along, and not by any means properly conducting themselves. CHlAMM'h circus was closed yesterday evening to the public, as a performance was rendered impossible owing to the thunder- storm in the afternoon, which flooded the tents completely. The circus reopens to-night, and there will be an afternoon performance to- morrow, to which the children of the orphan asylums are to be admitted free. A D«UNO robbery took placel on Tuoaday evoning at the omnibus stand, at tbo top of Queen-street. A driver named Campbell, employed by Mr Jenkins, was sitting on the box seat of his ommbos, when tho driver of one of Chalk's Albion omnibuses came up and challenged lum to fight On Campbell i efusmg, the other man snatched his whip Campbell at once jumped from his scat to rccov cr the whip, at the same tinier throwing his moneybag, containing the dta/y'»takings, on to the seat behind him. Campbell was not absent more than a couple of minutes,, but on his i etui n lie fouiid botn bag and money gone Information was at once given to the detective police, who aie now dealing with the matter. Al the sittings of the Petty Debts Court yes tciday morning, befoie Messrs A. Hubbard and J. H. Adams, JJ P , m the defended case of JL Baircttv Mis Lovett, claim 17s W , milk supplied, the plaintiff was nonsuited. Ill the defended case of H Avins v ß Babbidge, claim £1!) 2s Gd , work and labour done, Ali Bruce appealed for the plaintiff, and Mr Chambcis foi the defendant, who paid £9 1 Is into court Tho bench gave a verdict for the plaintiff for £118s , togethci w ith (is eosts of com t, o\ ci md abov e the amount paid into court In the defended case of J ayloi \ Arnold, claim 13s liri, commission, Mi Poiter appealed foi the defendant, foi whom a \ei diet w is gi\cn togithei with 10s lid piofcs stonal coats, o-> witnesses' expenses, and 4s costs of com t THE Commissioner of Police his lccencd i telegram ft oin Inspeetoi Mun ly dated Blackall 12th instant, st iting th it ¡Mi Noone, of Dunham Towers, lcpoitcd to the police authorities on the 3id instant tint a man in his emploj named James Heistoi togethci with i bliekboj, left the station to look foi homes on the 20th jNoxiiubii hist The bluekboj tinned up at Comicinaii i md stated that Hcistei was coining behind How ev ci, Hi istci did not ai i n e, and on a se u eli being mule lila pickhoitsc and pick w is tlis eoveied, but no ti ace of the man was obt lined and it is supposed th it he has pel uhed m the di y eountij Heistei s f ithoi is supposed to b° it piescnt lesiding in Toowoombi A telegiam has also been leceived fiom Sub inspeetoi MehUiuii, at Chai ten Towns stating tint a man numil Pati iek M 1\ oi, w oi king on the > oi thei ti U ni waj line, ne ii Homestead, md who w is dunk nig at Girdinei's shintj on Tuend ry nioinuy last, left about 10 o eloek a in to ealch a hoi se ni the 1 Uih, heboingthen mulei the influence of drink About noon hew as disco\ercd lying on thegiouild w ith his head iineov ei ed nucí exposed to the sun 'Hie unfoi tun ite man, howeiei, died about >pm A niigistciial mipiiiy into the cucumstailccs ittciuhng his de ith was held jesteiday befoie the police migistiate at Chartcis Tow eis A few days ago we extracted from an English paper a full account of the Northern Pacific Railway. We now abridge from the New Yorkly Weekly Tribune an account of the ceremony of driving the golden spike which completed that i nlioad and pctniancutly joined the Noithcni Pacific coast with the Atlantic coast As soon is the last of the guests ainved the ceieiuoiucs wcic opened bj President Villatd, who divided the attention of the enthusiastic multitude with General Giant, who was seated on the plat foi m Mi Villaid's addicss was icccived with applause He then introduced the orator of the d i>, ex Secietuj Lunts Thcie weio also picsonta numbei of distinguished guests fiom Lngland and Gei m 1115 Sn J nues H insen spoke on be half of tile foi mci and Heir vonl isondcchei, the Gci man Munstei, on behalf of his eounti y meiialsoevpiesscd hcuitj ¿oodwshes foi the cn terpi lse 1 lie Go\ ci no1 s of Wisconsin, Minne sota Dakota, Montana,Orcgon, and W ishmgton w ci e.also mtioduccd, and made bncfaudap pioxniatc icmaiks Theic weio loud cills foi Gcneial Gi mt, md as he eauie foi waul he was i cceivcd w itli hciuty chcois At the conclusion of Genoial Giant s speech tin ce i ousimr cheela weit given 'ihe foieigu guest" vicio then given seats on the platfoun by the i ulvoad, wheie a photogiaph was taken of them, Mi Villaid and family, and the most distinguished Amci leans Aftci that a boise that helped to build the load fiom its inception was biought upon the platform riien theie was witnessed a most cxtiaordmaiy spectacle Tinco liimdied men with biawny arms quickly laid the iron and drove the spikes on the 1000ft of uncompleted tiack, except the last spike Duung the pio^iess of the link, which was witicsscd bj the foieigncis with ima/emciit tl.e bandplajed and the people checi ed When the woik w is ncaily completed a etunion salute was iuedby the detachment of the oth Infantiy picsent The last spike was finally din cn home by II C Davis, assistant gencial passcngei agent of the i oad, who di ov o tho in at spike on the opening of the i oad, and this spike w as the same one hist duven by bim Hie end was reached as tho sun waa setting behind the mountains Hie enthusiasm of tho audience, vauouslj estimated at fiom 3000 to 5000, vi is nidcseiibable Tho heights levcibeiated to the mingled sounds of Cave Camelon and the shouts ot mon When the coicmoiucs weie ovei the tiuins wcio lefoimod and the guests departed, the English and part of the Arnericans, including George M. Pullman and Vice- President Harris to the cast, the rest westward to Puget Sound. luj following is a list of inventions lcgistoied in tho Colonial Societal j's Ofhco, Bnsbanc, foi the week ending Hth instant - Pottei s Patent AVool scouring Machine Com pany "Impiovcd appaiatus foi cleansing and scouimg wool, " John Lysaght, "An impiovcd machine foi the manufactuio of »no notting "" Osborne and Thomas, "An improved method of cxti acting gold and silvei fiom coi tain of their 01 cs, and utilising some of the othci pi o ducts of the piocess The aboie lettois of legislation aie m force for avpeuod of foin teen j cal s Omi Cooktown concspondont, wilting on the 7th instant, sajs -"We h ive not hid a showci duimg the week, andatpiesenttheio is no appeal ance of a chango. 'Hie cattloaicso weak that I fcai that when the lain docs como theie will be a veiy heavy loss among thom Teams vi ill not stait on the load, and I believe supplies ai e v ci y shoi t on the Palraci. Thei o is nothing doing m the way of business, but people expect things to improve when tho lailnay woiks commence. I liai o no stock mov ements to i epoi t. Reading of thermometei at noon foi the vi eck, maximum 88", minimum 84', lowest reading 72'." "GKOOXI'S Dalling Downs Book Almanac for 1SS4 " is to hand m good time, and is |m every itspect equal to foi mci issues In addition to the mfoi raation usually supplied, copies of the Land Act of 1870 and of sev oral other measures likely to prove useful foi lofe renee among a íuial population aie given The almanac also contains a senes of notes for farmers, besides thcoidinary faim and gai den calcndai OWING to several coolies being employed on the line between hei o and the Junction (says the Ilaieinioood Mimny Journal), the navvies stiuck woik, and would not do an)thing in the shape of work, until such time as the coolies were turned off the line A VLKY curious sight was witnessed by many on Thuisday night (says the Bowen Innes of the Sth instant), and those who saw the phenomenon arc still wondci ing what it can be At about half past 9 o'clock the heavens were brilliantly illuminated by a bright blue flame, which suddenlv carne íapidly towal da the eaith, and foi a few mief moments shed a bright reddish light for a good distanco lound Some of the observers state that they heard two claps of thunder immediately after the Hash. A svrILL crushing (says the Caitns Post has beenput through from the Mowbray claim at the Upper Camp, Mulgrave, winch yieldedloz to the ton We regret to learn, however, that the claim is to be abandoned owing to want of capital to work it profitably. THERE was no meeting of the Chamber of Gommel ce ycstciday aftci noon, as advertised, owing to the ram. AXTEMIO> is dnected by the IMinisterfor Lands to the sale of unexpired terms of leases of forfeited runs to be held on 15th January next. TEXDEPS arc invited by the Under Secretary foi Woiks for additions to couit- house, Ingham, and additions to post and telegiaph office, Cunnamulla Tilt half joally general meeting of share holdeis of the Queen of the North Gold Mining Company will take place at Maytow n on Fi 1 day, 28th instant. Mu J H HrNzrLL writes to call attention to an errol in his letter published yesterday. It vi as Mr "Otto F Seidel" who di ew the plans and did the survey foi the Humpybong jetty. I?, connection with the Christmas and New Year holidays it is announcod that excursion tickets at single fares foi the double journey w ill be issued betw een all stations (except race course), from Wednesday, 19th instant, to Tuesday, 1st January, available foi return any day (except Sundajs) up to and including Mon- day, 7th January, 