ODD NOTES. BY A BOHEMIAN. (From The Week.) AHOTHBB Burpriso — tho Hon. Jolra DouglaB , gono up to try and ouat Groom from tho ropro aentation of Drayton and Toowoomba, and under tbo auspices of tho Hon. P. Perkins, too ! It will bo a creator surprise still if ho succeeds. Cortalnly 'it is tho uuoxpeotod that always lmnpons,' as tho French say, and it is not absolutely impossible for this ovent to take place ; but if it does, then all I can say is that PerkinB' beer, and Mb iniluenco in Drayton and Toowoomba, aro very much utroogor than I thought. What can have happened to my old friend that he should break out like thi» ? Has tho transcontinental land grant railway project affected his poor hoad and driven him cranky? Or it he doing it nil 'juat for a lark?' I cannot, for the life of mo, get to the bottom of the extraordin-iry proceeding. Only eighteen months ago, when Paluior resigned for North Brisbane, ho could have taken his place without the slightest opposition, but he ?would not. All the coaxing and urgent ? entreaties of influential electors foiled to move- him. Ho was inexorable. Then, ?when tho goneral election came, he rushed into the fray unsolicited, but with tha avowed object of saving the M'llwraith party from utter rout ! Tho party that he had always opposed up to that time, daring failed to defeat Griffith in North Brisbane, which he says ho regarded as a sort of Forlorn Hope, ho now goes on an equally desporato venture to Drayton and Toowoomba to defeat Groom in his own stronghold ! If he succeeds he will per form an extraordinary feat— but not more extraordinary than the feat he has already occompliahed— namely, changingsides in politics and accepting the Minister for Lands as patron and guide — a sort of political step-father in fact. Should he be returned to tho Legislative Assembly under such auspices, how is he going to show his gratitude to tho Hon. P. P. ? The Hon. Kakliffe Pring used to get chaffed unmercifully on tho facility with which he modified tho tone of his politics on snecial occasions, but his changes were ?Billing in comparison to those which the Hon. John has now mado, and yet Pring at last could not find a constituency throughout the length and breadth of. the colony that would elect him as its representative. This show* that political consistency still counts for some thing in the electorates, whatever Mr. Douglas m»y think or say to the contrary; and how can he makeoutthat he is consistent when he is opposing his former colleagues under the patronage of the Ministry that succeeded his own ? If it is all done for a joke I cannot see where the fun comes in, and if it is in earnest, then all I can say is that it is the most reckless and senseless political suicide that I ever knew to be com mitted. Persons who took an interest in our local politics five or six years ago, will remember what an awful amount of virtuous indignation ?was expressed by the present Premier and the chief men in|his party over.a Crown lands ranger named Ballinger — since dead, poor fellow ! — because it was discovered that he took an active part in electioneering in his own district on the side of the Liberals. Ballinger was one of the best bush men in this part of the colony. He had a won derful gift for finding out the best routes for roads from one point to another, and although no scholar, was a most efficient man at the work in which he was engaged, and very indus. trious withal, and thoroughly trustworthy. All this is on record in official correspondence to be found in the Journals of the Assembly, but it was regarded; as only the small dust in. the balance compared to the fact that he had also a gift for electioneering, and exercised it at times on behalf of the political party to -which he had always owed allegiance — which, unfortunately, was not the Milwraith and Perkins party— so Bal linger was kicked out of his billet with as much ignominy as could be conveniently heaped upon him. Now, these pure and virtuous patriots, whoso feeliners were so outraged because Bal linger engaged in electioneering — for the other ?fellows, and was supposed to be an adept at it, too — are making use of the self-same means to further tho return of their candidates. A cor respondent, who is well posted up in these little matters, wrote me, a few davs ago, as follows : — A Crowu lunds ranger was removed from the coast to the Toowoomba district j he is a supporter of Per kins's, For the lust three months he has heen elec tioneering on the quiet. On Friday morning about 8 o'clock he lelt Toowoomba, dressed in bush fashion— a blue shirt and belt; in tho latter a tomahawk was neen. 'Going electioneering, old man?' said n, passer-by. ' Oh, no !' ho replied ; ' nover mix in poli tica.' On went Bob until Highfleld was reached. He went to a pub., put his horso lu the stable, then went Into a room and changed his apparel, coinintr ont dressed in different costume, and for the whole day waa working with O'Sullivan, North, and others for PerkinB. Bob is now working quietly for O'Sullivan. Certainly this man acted with more circum spection than Ballinger used to display. He, poor fellow, was so terribly in earnest, and so full of zoul for the cause he espoused, that he intuit, needs proclaim it from the housetops, as the saving is, and never allowed anybody to be under tho 'lightest misapprehension as to which side ho was on both in politics and all other matters in which he took any interest all all. His successor, you observe, is far moro discreet. But then ho is electioneering all the same, and the country is pvving him as a Crown lands ranger while he is working for Iub patrons as ac electioneering agent. If Ballinger was wrong how can thiB man be right? I havo no aort of sympathy with tho personB who aro heaping condemnation on tho heads of the members ot the Brisbane Football Club' 'who broke thoir engagement to go up and play an Ipswioh team. Socond thoughts aro always beat — or nearly always, at any rate — and it is Very evident to all impartial and intelligent observers that the second thoughts in this case were far tho best. It was mutter for regret, perhaps, that these ' thoughts ' camo so late — ten o'clock on Friday night, when tho match was to have been played the next day — but at moat it was only an unfortunate accident that they did not come sooner, and I am far from clear that an earlier decision would have boon preferable You see this club has hitherto been able to boast, in its annual reports, 'that it has nover boen conquered in a match yet. Having won the proud distinction, barring tlu» little ' accident' with tho Walloroos ,it is only natural and reasonable that the club should desire to keep it. Well, there have beon during this season unmiitakablo indica tions that tho IpBwich footballors would givo « Dig uc&iDg; to uio unsoano i iuo it it went up there to play. The latter club has so far contrived to escape the 'licking,' and now, just at the finish of tho season, above all other times, why should thoy tempt yrovidonco by going to Ipswich, gcttiDg tho licking, and theroby utterly apoiling tho forth coming annual report of tho club by robbing it of tho moBt telling passago it would contain ? Why should thoy do it ? If tho determination to shirk tho match had toon convoyed to tho IpBwich club earlier it would havo got into the newspapers, and thoro would havo boen no ond of a hubbub and a bantering, and sneering, and eooffing, and poking-up, which might havo boen moro than tho Brisbane Olub could atand- in which caso they would havo sent up a team, no matter how dreadfully thoy might havo boon boaten— and so ruined all. As it was all tho comment camo in aftor it was too late to alter tho arrangements, and now tho season is too near tho closo to rendor another challenge from Ipswich admi.ieablo. I think it wns a moat wiso and prudent determination for the club to arrive at, and the most wise and prucletr part was not to doeido in tho way they did until it was impossible to reverse the decision. jnow tho annual report of the Brisbane Olub for this year will, I am fully pursuaded, be more flowery and magniloquent than evor, becauso another year has passed, und sliU they cau proudly boast that thoir club has boon victorious in every match in which it has played, no matter where the opponents came from, north, south, cast, or west, near or far. It is a grand thing to say — in a report — mind you. It reads, splendid. If ever I join a football o'.ub, most assuredly I shall chooso the Brisbane— if tho members stick to their present policy. Nobody can justly describe the Melbourne Argus as a comic journal. Neither is it, so far as my experience goes, a paper that aims at being mystical, nor given to maliciously laying traps in its columns to catch unwary readers and drive them mad in vain attempts to solve tho insolvable. On the contrary, the Mel bourne Argus, for the last twenty years to my certain knowledge, hss been a highly respect able paper ; the "leading journal" of Victoria nay, of Australia for that matter— and a sober, trustworthy guide on all sorts of important questions— except perhaps "Protection to local industries" in the sense in which Mr. Mirams, "Dismal Jemy," as our Melbourne correspon dent irreverently terms him, would explain that abstruse but intersting subject. Nevertheless in tho Argus of September 11, under the heading "Deaths," appears the following, which I extract verbatim et literatim — word for word, and letter for letter : — HARDS.— August 3, 1833, at Sydney, Julia Alice ; January 17, 1874, Joseph Baldock, second daughter and fourth son of Richard and Mary Ann Hards, of Mittagong; grandchildren of the late George Hards, Esq., sen., of Kensington-gardens, Brighton, Eng land ; also of the late John Butcher, Esq., of Wil mington, Kent; great niece and nephew of the late Drs. Henry and Joseph Baldock Butcher, M.D. ; also of thelate Baldock Butcher, R.N. ; great grand niece and nephew, of the late William Baldock, Esq., banker, of Petham-house, Petham, Kent, England ; great grand niece and nephew of the late Richard Robinson Lord Rokeby, baronet. The first impression on reading the above is that Julia Alice died at Sydney, on the 3rd of August, 1883, and January 17, 1874, and that Joseph Baldock is the second daughter and fourth son of Richard and Mary Ann Hards But this is hard to believe. Although a cat is said to have nine lives, there is no authentic record of any human being having been gifted with more than one. It is true that Macbeth observed on a memorable occasion that The times have been, That, when the brains were out the man would die, Aud there as end ; but now they rise again. With twentu mortal murders on their crowns, And push us from our stools. But then, in the first place, Macbeth was not a man of high moral character, whose unsup ported statement could be iinp'ieitly accepted at all times, and on the occasion when he made the remarks above quoted he thought he saw the ghost of Mr. Banquo, whom he had previously murdered, come and sit on the seat at, the dinner table which had been placed for Macbeth him self. But Mrs. Macbeth and the other gueits declared that the seat was empty, and that Macbeth must have ' gone off his chump,' as the saying ij, to make such an assertion. It is also asserted that at one of the late elections a voter cuuio to poll as Michael Flannigan, and one of the scrutineers, who know the man, at Qnca said, ' I always understood you were the son of old Pat. Bafferty,' whereupon the voter repliod, ' So I am, but that b by a different mother,' which so bothered the returning officer and all the scrutineer* present that the man got bid voting paper ot once. Still, none of these instances justify me in coming to the conclusion that Julia Alice Hard died on the 17th of January, 1874, and again at Sydney on the 3rd of August last, much less that Joseph Baldock is the second daughter and fourth son of Richard and Mary Ann Hards, of Mittagong — or any where else for that matter. But the record of this Joseph Baldock gets more confusing the further you read about him until the final cli max is reached, when it is stated that he was the "Great grand neice and nephew of the late Richard Robinson Lord Rokeby, Baronet." Of course, if Joseph Baldock is the grand neice and nephew of the late Bichard Robinson, then Lord Rokeby is a Baronet, and "the King in u gentleman," as was so often asserted by our grandfathers and great- grandfathers. But if — "O, that way madness lies ; let me shun that.' SARCASTIC — RATHER. — The San Francisco Argonaut of July 7 says : — ' When our coast was threatened with being overcome by an in vasion of moon-eyed barbarians from Asia, and all our people, without distinction of colour, race, or former condition of party servitude, were in accord to burn English ships, revolt against the Government, incite insurrection and civil war, unless the ' undue inllux ' was arrested, the Eastern people regarded us as monomaniacs upon the Ohinese question. When we threatened to riso in our anger, and burn Chinatown and murder its inhabitants, thoy charged ua with inhumanity, and forget fulnesB of those great controlling laws which arise from recognizing the fact that we are children of the same fatherhood, and brothers, and that tho earth and its fulnesB aro the common inheritance of all the human race. Whan wo threatened to inaugurate war against the invaders, and carry our victorious arms across the Sierra, and find upon the Kocky Mountains some posa where, like 'lhermopvlo;, we could resist any host the Eastern Xerxes might sond againut us, our countrymen over the hills insinuated that we lacked patriotism. The Honourable Hdwards Pierrepont, chairman of tho committee on resolutions in the National Republican Convention, admitted that the question of -. hinese immigration wus u matter of ' grave concernment,' and tho Hoar of Massa cV'Uaetts, who presided over tho convention, suggested us u remedy that we give tho Chinese the elective privilege. Commercial greed, New .England sentimentality, religious hypo crisy, aud political stupidity finally gavo way to our pertinacity, and thaniB to it and tho Democrats in Congress - especially in tho Senate— tho Chinese incursion was arrested. Now, from tho other sido of tho continent we hear the wail of the tax-payer, and complaint is loud in the Und. An invasion threatens the peaco and disturbs the equanimity of our Eastern brethren. An invasion of Irish paupers inundatOB tho Knstern shore, and has assumed such proportions as to become a matter of 'gravo concernment' to tho New York Bwappurj of merchandise, tho Boston sentimentalist?, tho religious hyproiites, tho political idiots, and all who pay taxes. And vnf tlipRA Tnnli I1111.htit.inn4 n1*A (ruiltv ni huh nnn crimo— viz, poverty; they aro ' homogeneous ' to millions of other Irish who have como be fore ; thoy easily assimilate in the politics of the country, and willingly bear office ; they »re white — whon clean; they are made in tho imago of God ; they are admitted brethren ; tho law justifies their becoming citizens in five years; the Domocratio party makes them voters tho first day thoy land. Wo are ashamed of our Eastern friends.' 1 Hatb you heard that Mr. N. has received tho honour of knighthood?1 'Yes; I had it from his own lips the other day.' ' And did you ask him how ho camo to havo this distinc tion conferred upon him ?' ' I took good caro to do nothing of tho kind.' ' Why ?' ' Because I havo my reasons for suspecting that ho doesn't know himself.' 