Illllllii , « iilCT.1 SP0RT1NC The Victoria Racing Club's Champion Race Meeting passed off most successfully on the 1st January. The weather was cold, with a strong keen wind blowing, but fortunately no rain fell. Dhurringile, by Panic, won the ? Hurdle Race, beating four others; Lady Hampden w»b second, and Cracksman a poor third. Archie, by Rapidity, won the Nornaanby Stakes; Warwick was Becond, and St. Lawrence third. Narina, who started the .favourite, was not placed. Boolka,. three yeara, by Glorious, won the Yarraville Stakes. He carried 83t. lllb., and ran the mile in lm. 40a. Solitude was second, and Little Jack third. Odd Trick, by King of Clubs, won the Midsummer Handi cap ; Lesbia was second (beaten by half a length), Mistaken was third (a neck behind Lesbia). Six horses , started for the Champion Stakes, which was won by Commotion, by, Panic ; Guesswork, by Gang Forward, was second, beaten by a short half head ; Navigator, by Robinson Crusoe, was a good third. Calma, Segenhoe, and Jessie were not. in the race during the last three-quarters of a mile. The three , ? miles were run in 5 in. 26s., which has only been equalled once — by First King, in 1878. Magnet, by Vagabond, won ,. the Three Year Old Handicap ; Anglesey was second, but was disqualified in consequence of the jockey interfering at the fiuish, and the second place was given to The ?? . Plunger, who finished third. The racing concluded with. % ? the Criterion Stakes, which was won in good style by Ike,. - by Piscator ; Hopetoun was second, and Wahgunyah - third. - ... The Victoria Amateur Turf Club held a very successful meeting on the Caulneld course on Boxing Day. The attendance was not so numerous as might have been expected, owing to the railway authorities not being able to provide anything but cattle-trucks to convey the visitors to' the course. The Ghost, 5 yra, by Tregeagle, won the Selling Race easily, and was bought in for 100 guineas all of which goeB to the club. Duenna, by Lecturer, won the Juvenile Stakes ; Ike was second, and Montsoon third. The Hurdle Race was carried off in fine style by Lady Hampden, by Slanderer ; Dhxirringile was second, and- P.G. third. Baron von Mueller, .5 yrs, by Gang Forward, 7st. 91b., and Colstoun, 3 yra, by King Cole, 7st. 0&lb.;, ran a doad heat for the Christmas Handicap, a mile land a quarter and a .distance. Anglesey was third, a head behind the pair. Time, 2m. 33s. In the run off Colstoun won rather easily in 2m. 32^s. Bryan 0'Lynn, by Panic, won the Steeple chase, The Hawk was a good second, and Abdallah third. Six horses fell. Amelia Victoria, by Talk o' the Hill, won the Two-year-old feelliug Race, arid afterwards realised 84 guineas, of which the club got half. The meeting termi nated with the Malvern Handicap, which was won by Squireen, 3 yra, by The Squire ; Transferred was second, and Lohengrin third. Lovers of cricket have been fully occupied lately with the intercolonial and international matches. In the inter colonial match the New South Wales team scored a well deserved victory, while ia the international match between the Hon. Ivo Bligh's team and the Australian Eleven tho latter won by nine wickets. 