THE COUNCIL'S COLLECTOR. .; To the Editor of the Queensland Times. e Ste,-I .ee by your report of the Municipal: Council that Alderman Weise fell into an error.in a. proposition, that wasnotsecoumdedl, that, as "collector" for the Council, my services to, dispensed with. I know of but one collector-viz., hMr. WV. A. Smith. I certainly never held such anm aloffice under the - Council. I was retained prolfesinally to recover some outstanding ratea, nadl succeeled in obtaining payment of about £300 of very old arrears. ata cost to the Corporation of about £30, on winch they ob tained the Government sublsidy of equal aomount, thereby reducing the expense to the Council to 5 per cent. That is all. Yours. &c.;, ;, .,; C. F. CHUBB. Mr. J. G. Hay, of the Blue Mdountains, a gentle man whiose namen is asociated with experiments made with the object of discovering an mntidote to snake?-poisoning, yesterday (says th.i'. ,e. lHerald of the 12th April) 'brought to this office two lire' young snakes, of the description known as the death.. adder. He handled the reptiles with perfect confi. dence, though the poisonefangs had not been qx-. tracted. The snakes had been caught, thirteen months ago, by Mr. Patrick Hayes. ranger of Sir Daniel Cooper's Waterloo Estate, and placed in an, empty bisecuit,tin. They wereabout Iain. in lehglth, and a most remarkable?hw rcmnstiinece iu connectit n with the reptiles is that during the whole time of their captivity they only received for food one smamll bird. This is the statement of Mr. Hayes, who assures us it is correct. Mr. Hay, who ihase had very many opportunities of studying the habits of snakes, taking an interest im that not very attractive branch of natural resentch, states that he is convineed that the adder line not, as is popularly supposed. a sting at the end of its tail- whiat appears to be a sting being in reality but the last scale hardened and pointed. GtnawsT.-An attempt is beiyng made it the old country to revive tihe hlief in visitanits from another world, and many are the wsomilelrful stoies that fill soltme of tihe j.i nuals. 'ii- scel'tical mtiud is. how ever, inclined to lopet Scong c'a remark to Maecley's ghost : " Itow e 1 ktnow that you are nm t a bit of undigested Ibread ?" for, of all the L.ho<t-produceim , a bit of " iea y" Lreed is tthei mot ipot",nt. It ia wonder, therefore, that peoplel do not alopt the surest spell against ghosts by iusing limwicl'a (told Medal llakiug-P'owderi i?? oui lg hIr.d al: f r, althogh mit won't " raise gh- sts," ii wilt Veai?., i.( in the imost adlmiirab le fiin , eri'y wi:c tote keeper has it by him, and every good hiousewife lyiis dt, 820 