POLITICAL POINTS [BV ScKUTlNfcBK.] MII.ES is really going to run for tho Downs, l)Ut if lie dot's uot look 6tnnrt tho other side will give liiui a long lend. TUINOS are rather mixed in Warwick. Thorn a to any amount of people waiting for requisitions, but somehow or other the free and independent don't seem in any hutry to w&kc; * choicc. Tho jExaniiucr Rays Horwitc is coining forward again, and will knock saucepans out of anyone who may oppose him. Nunn, Johnson, Hansome, and Hutchi son are also named ns " likely" ones. NOBO; T has yet taken up tho gauntlet thrown down liy Kates. But there is sure to he a lii£ crop of candidates for both Warwick nni 'he Downs. These electorates are re garded as " doubtful" by tbo Ministry, and the polling has been fixed towards the close of the elections, so that rejected Ministerialists may have one more chance. CARNAUVON still quiescent. HerbeiJ. Fur ley has not yet issued his step-papa's addreBR, hut promiseB to do so shortly. Foxton wul oppose him in the Liberal interest. Tyrel is a mil-bird. Foxton BUpports land niitimiuli* sitinn. Pillar, of the Bolder Post, is willing j to square Tyrel's yardB should Foxlon show the white feather. FOLDING for Warwick and Downs will take i place on the same day. Why, God iind the " great man" only know. Sure to lead tocon-1 fusion. Bad characters-political characters, of course-like confusion. EDWARD WIENIIOL* is to he requisitioned to stand for Dalby in opposition to Jessop. Wienbolt declines; going to Europe for a trip. BnzACOTT, it is rumored, will stand for a constituency in the Government interest. If M'llwraith funks the city, Buzacott may try his luck. HUBEBT has consented to stand for Townc ville aa the Opposition candidate. " Le Tootle" was recently on hotelkeeper, but it IB at present an auctioneer. He is a man of good education, veiy gentlemanly, poBseoses plenty of energy, hut has the unfortunate knack of neglecting his own business. He hasn't the ghost of a show against Macros san. GBOOM and Aland have issued their ad dresses for Toowoomba. Both go the full length of the Griffith programme. The editor of the D. D. Gazette is just inad to see Groom defeated i bnt nobody takes any sorioos no-. tice of his delirious ravings. Joe Benjamin has been requisitioned to stand, and would certainly cany tbe German vote. His reply, however, was *' Not for Joseph." Benjamin is not violently in love with M'llwraith. Wo are not " thick" with Groom, but must in justice adroit that he has been a good mem ber for Toowoomba. TOM PRICE seeks re-election for Wide Bay. This is on exact copy of his address, as it ap peared in the Maryborough papers " Wide Bay Electors! Tom Price is Coming with all his usiall kicks he is not frighten dont forget him." The Courier's correspondent is respon sible for the assertion that Lindley Murray was not present at the hatching of Price's manifesto. W. G. Bailey and M. Mellor are the Opposition candidates for Wide Bay; Dr. Power and Pricc run in the Ministerial interest. JIUTLKDOE'S descent on the Charters Towers electorate has diminished Stubley's chances of being returned. HUME BLACK is to be opposed for Mackay in tbe interestb of the Liberals. THE Government are dying very reluctantly. Another baby thrown over to the wolves. Tho coolie immigration is now abandoned. 'See Morehead's address to the Valley electors. Will anybody be hoodwinked by auch gross political immorality t IF H. £. King is beaten for Maryborough, a. wise provision of nature (or the Ministry) leaves Gympie or Wide Bay open for his con solation. HOK. Berkley Basil Moreton, who iB likely to succeed butcher Baylies as member for the Burnett, was formerly in the House, and uBed to sit on the Liberal cross benches. He then represented Maryborough. A gentleman every inch, a scholar, and a representative man in the true sense of the term, he will bo a wonderful improvement on his predecessor. I TOM PRICK Bays he was asked by " his party," meaning the Ministry, to contest Wide Bay. He disclaims any intention of ac cepting a teat in the Cabinet, or a Police Magistracy. BV-TBE-BTE, Ebenezer Tborne has appar ently abandoned his hastily formed intention of opposing Buokland for Bulimba. He "feltthe pulse"of the cleotors a week or two back by asking tbem to come and hear bias address them on the Bulimba dam ques tion. Four electors rolled up, " in a crowd." They listened to the "EbbylMting Sneezer" for a time, and then dammed the rivers of his eloquence by unanimously deciding fo " have nothing to do with his dnm scheme." Eben cser was up Stanthorpe way last week, and, according to tbe correspondent of a Too woomba paper, tried to do a little wire-pulling on the quiet. We have a very decided opinion of Ebeneeer'e "qualifications" for legislative honors-they are almost equal to Price's. THIB from the Chronicle :-" Electors of Maryborough and Wide Bay ippear to he alivo to the desirability of insisting on the successful candidates sticking to a platform of district grievances, in opposition to both Griffitbion and M'llwraithian nominees. We don't want to send down joints for either tail this time." A most contemptible platform. How would the Maryborough people like to see every other constituency going on the same ticket I SIB THOMAS is not game to contest North Brisbane, and is returning to his former love. But the Bundahergians don't seem quite unanimous in their admiration of the "truly great man," as Perkins facetiously terms fhe Premier. Some of them decline to enthuse about his greatness. A local storekeeper named Walker is to be brought out in the Opposition interest just to show the dictator that even in Mulgrave there arc ft few who do not regard him or his policy with much favor. E. B. SHERIDAN, who if running for Mary- . borough in the Liberal interest, and who will probably obtain a commanding majority over i King and Palmer, says that Morehead, who iB now posing before the working men of the i Valley as a strenuous opponent of black labor, exerted every means at bis command a few years tack to mnn all biB stations in tho West 1 with kanakas. Fordoing this Morehead,we may mention, was burnt iu effigy by the people of Aramac. MB. JOHN GOVETT is the only candidate in the field for the Mitchell. THE Telegraph's .' Busy Bee" saysGriffith BtandB for tho city, and is a certainty ; but Brooks is fur from giving satisfaction. Surely our Saiu can got a better mate- Edgar Walker hoB boon mentioned, for instance. J. B. DICKBON and J. U BHIO Btund tor Enoggera in the Opposition interest. Govern ment candidate wanted badly, but chances not encoumging. Dickson has not yet returned from Europe, but Griffith lias issued an ad dress on bis behalf, and his return is regarded as certain. PATRICK 1!KAI., barrister, is said to ae a probable candidate for Ipswich in the Liberal interest. We hope this may prove true. Ileal is nn utile man, and cither ho or Virgil Power would completely destroy the support which M'llwraith R nllinnce with] Macrostan and Perkii.fi secured for tbo "syndicate" party. If the leader of the Opposition can onljr play this card, it will prove a regular " joker. Mu. J. FEJIQOTON, for Bockhampton, Messrs. 1). S. Wallace and J. Stevenson for Normmiby, and W. S. Paul for Leicbbardt,. have issued addresses to the electors of the I respective districts named. Mr. C. B. Dutton j is also a candidate for Lcichhardt. Wallace complains Miat in order to guard against op position, the Ministry fixed the polling for Normanby so early as to prevent candidates Ivisiting the outlying centres of populution. | He had to telegraph his address from Brisbane I to the Northern Argui in order to get >' ou^ I in time to icach the eloctors. More strategy. GEOHOK 1'noiiN's friends at Gladstone pro mise him five votes to Norton's one, but this may lie an exaggeration due to indulgence in I the " flowing bole." Anyhow, Truthful I George is going to have a look at the roll, and if the straight men and the dead voters tot up I well, be will oppose Norton. Then hey for . the Gracewere railway. George docs not op , pear over sanguine, however, for be is coquet ting with Fassifern. Wouldn't George make a good member for Warwick P if there should be a change of Ministry, George will be in the new teaui, and if be were our mem ber would give UR the Fassifern and St. j George lines in a jiffey. j 1!ERS RUTLAND JONES, a llonkbainpton [ lawyer, lias issued his address to the electors | of Lcichhardt. | PERKINS is already on the warpath. He I spoke at Westbrook on Friday night, and I was pronounced the " mau for Galway." James Campbell, of Toowoomba, opposes him. The issue is said to be doubtful. Jaeschkc, of the Nord-Australische Zciiur.g, is canvassing the electorate in Campbell's interest. Tho big-hearted Patrick will not get many votes from the " hog-wash" makers. " Not many" is quite as many as he deserves. Rumor hath it that if rejected by his old love, he will run Kates for the Downs. JTrair NensoN will probably have a walk over for Northern Downs. BRIBERY and corruption already rampant over Toowoomba way. The S. D. Gazette openly announces that one day last week Groom was seen to " pat an urchin on tho bead, and give it a penny." Something must really be done to nip this kind of thing in the bud. MIDGLEV, produce merchant, and ex-parson, contests Fassifern. ARCHER'S return for BlackaU is regarded as a certainty. There are any amount of anti-Uinisterialists in the electorate, but, owing to lack of organisation, so Opposition I candidate has been named. PADDY O'SULUVAN and North form tbo pro coolie couple for Stanley. Eellett and Peter White are tbc white men. North is manager of one of the Premier's syndicate stations, and would of course " never dream of thinking for bimself at all." SHERIDAN, the Maryborough favorite, is a bit of a wag. He told an inquisitive elector the other night that it was not likely he would accept office either as Premier or | Governor of New Guinea. ! ERNEST STEVENS will probably defeat Peter McLean for the Logan. Peter is " grand worthy chief," or something of that sort, of the Good Templars, and aspires to be the Wilfred Lawson of our Assembly. He is, in short, a BIBS with a bobby, and is con sequently not generally popular. And Minis ters have for twelve or eighteen months psst worked bard to compass his defeat. They persistently refused his every request, but granted numerous favors to Stevens, well knowing of course that the latter intended to oppose McLean in the Ministerial interest. They have plnyed the same game with War wick. Will it succeed. IPSWICH must be in a deplorable condition when sbe has to fall back on men like George Bashford. 817 electors last week signed a requisition to this gentleman, and he comes out on the Liberal ticket. George got his portrait and a laudatory sketch of his career inserted in the Sydney Bulletin, nnd, it ie Baid, baa distributed some thousands of the paper containing these through the electorate. To get yonr phizog. into tbe Bulletin costs £25, and aB copies of the paper cost £25 per 1000, it iB plain that Basnford is paying for the privilege of becoming a candidate. The strangest port of the business is that tbe Liberals of Ipswich repudiate George, aver ring that he is a wolf in cheep's clothing. HENUY JOEDAN and Simon Fraser are the Liberal candidates for South Brisbane; bws rat Kingsford espouses the cause of the other side. Bit political race, is well nigh run. Jordan had a most enthusiastic meeting on Thursday night; unanimous vote of confi dence. Speaking of black labor be said " What the sugar planters would regard as the prosperity of the colony I believe would j prove to be its disgrace, its humiliation, and its ruin." Jordan was former); Emigration Agent in London, and during the few years | be held office be did more good for tbe colony : than all MB successors put together have ' done since. It was computed that every shipload of people he sent out brought £30,000 in bara cash with them. Tbe candidates for Maryborough are Palmer and King, Ministerial; Harwood and Sheridan, Opposition ; and Hurley, inde pendent. Sheridan " spoke apiece" on Wed nesday night and had a moat encouraging reception. Speaker King followed on Thurs day, but was cold shouldered. He was fre quently interrupted. He expressed himself strongly in favor of land-grant railways, but pledged himself, if re-elected, not to vote for any such Bcheuie without first appealing to bis constituents. He approved of colored labor, except Chinese, but it should be re stricted to agriculture. He would not say whether he would support the Ministry now that they had abandoned their 'transconti nental policy, but would finally decide when the politics of both parties were definitely put forward. A vote of confidence was passed by a small show of hands, there being no opposition. Just fancy a politician of KinRB standing offering to "do au he was told" if tho electors would only return bitu ! "Vbis shows more clearly than anything rise how the »ind blows up Maryborough way. King will soon be a king without a throne. 