BIBLE CHRISTIAN DISTRICT MEETING. The Adelaide District held its annual meeting at the Bible Christian Church, Bowden, on Tuesday, (ith, Wednesday, 7tli, anu Thursday, Stli. The following ministers were present:—Revs. J. Trewin(Chairman), 3\. 8 toy el, R. hang, James Way, J. Roberts, T. Hill man, T. Allen, J. Hancock, sen., H. Mason. Dr. Hag gar, J. Faster; Representatives—Messrs. J. C. Ashton, T. Richards, w. Holland, W. H. Radford, and Stevens. The meeting opened in the usual manner. The Rev. J. Stoyel was appointed Secre tary, and the Rev. R. Lang Journal Secretary. In a discussion on the advisability of uniting the Adelaide and Mitcham Circuits, it was urged that as several of the local preachers connected with tire Adelaide Circuit took part in the religious services of the Mitcham Circuit, it was advisable to unite in order to have larger quarterly meetings, believing ' that more interest in the work would be brought about thereby. The union of the Circuits was a~ked for by the respective quarterly meetings of both Circuits. A resolution as fallows was passed: 1 —" That we respectfully recommend the Conference to unite the Adelaide and Mitcham Circuits in accordance with the wish of their quarterly meet ings, believing the consolidation ana advancement of the Bible Christian Church in the city and suburbs would be promoted thereby." A committee was appointed to consider the neces sity of a rearrangement of the suburban circuits a9 to the best and most comprehensive system of work ing the Churches. The North Adelaide Circuit forwarded a request, asking that the mission should be continued; also a resolution to the effect that such request should be forwarded to the Conference. A request was received from the Balaklava Circuit respecting the alteration of boundaries of the Bala klava and Gawler Plains Circuits. Resolved, that it be forwarded to the Conference. The following resolution on the pastors' reports was adopted:—"That, having heard the pastors' reports of the various Circuits, we find that whilst there are some things of a hopeful character yet on the whole spiritual matters are not so buoyant as in some former years. We reioice that many of our adherents and friends are still contending for the faith once delivered to the saints, are firmly attached to the Church of their choice, and are striving to advance its interest. Special reference, on the other hand, has been made to the increase of for. malism in our Churches—that many professed members do not appear to understand that the Kingdom of God is righteousness, peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost. Worldliness, love of novelty and pleasure, have a stronger bold on the minds of many than the love of Christ and the ordinances of Teligion. We think the time has come when some thing more definite and satisfactory is required as to the mode of making our return of members, as some now reported as such are negligent in respect to divine ordinances." An expression of sympathy with thesuperannuated ministers, some of whom are in feeble health, was passed. The meeting fully recognised the valuable services rendered by them during the past year in the Circuits where they reside. A resolution of the Adelaide Quarterly Meeting, recommending the sale of the Young-street Church and tbe minister's residence, in Franklin-street, was adopted and passed on to the Conference, pro viding that a more suitable site be obtained. A fire insurance scheme from tbe last Conference, for the consideration of the various District Meet ings, was favourably received, but it was thought desirable that it should be extended beyond con nexional property "if pdssible. The Cnapel schedules showed that there are twenty-nine connexional trust properties in the Adelaide District;. Two new Churches had been built during the year—one at Maylands, the other at Cudtee Creek. J he total cost of the latter was £423, and the debt has been extinguished. The total income on all Church properties in the disirict for the year was £1,911 4s.; expenditure, £2,235 3s. fid. After reckoning the cost of new erections and working expenses the aggregate debt was £122 less than last year. The Sunday-school Secretary's report showed that there were 2.405 books in the libraries, 129 teachers, and 1,170 scholars. The income for the year was £253 15s. 2d; expenditure, £237 5s. lid. A resolution turning on ministerial appointments for the ensuing year, and also the appomtineut of members to the Conference, and a few other items of a formal character closed the session. On Tuesday evening a public service was held in the Church, and the Kev. J. Trewln preached the District Sermon. At the close of the service the sacrament of the Lord's Supper was adminiscered. On Wednesday evening a public meeting took place, at wHch the Bev. J. Trewin presided. Ad dresses were given by the Revs. J. Stoyel, H. Mason, B. Lang, and Mr. J; G. Ashton. 