Day Lilies. IiAuauxKn bo soon is ovor, Summer so soon is dono, What has a lily of Iragranco . After its day in tho sun ? Dowy and fair in tha morning. Periamcd and pala at noon ; A ghost by tho light of tho moon. What havo yon to remember? What havo I to forgot ? Laughter, jests and trifling— lilios With dewdrops.wet, Ono for overy morning— a lily ' Counts for a day ; Days and summer and lilios, How quickly passed away. Whioh of ns was in earnest ? Which of ne was in jest? Whon tbo lilies breathing frngranca Hied slowly on my breast, Booaueo thoy ploased your fanoy — Because my mood was now Do yon bolioTO that lilies May icavo tho scent of rno ? There's nothing to rcmombor, Thoro's nothing to forgot, But laughtor, jests and trifling, And yet — and yet — and yet In ail the summer's coming All lilios nndor tho skies, Will bring back to yon low laaghtor And tho blao of a woman's eyes. X neither hurt nor hoalcdyon, You'll bo no'moro foiso nor true To mo and my summer fancies, Than — I shall bo to you, Bat to tho end tho lilies Will be of your past a part, And you'll think you seo thorn lying A bloom on a woman's heart, Tbronghoat of all our summer This is what I havo won. I may ohanco to bo remembered When lilios stand in tho snn, You will forgot tho woman — T iilmll fnrtrnk fim mnru. But tho frogronco of tho lilies, Forgot it it yon can. But I havo my littlo triumph — A woman's — light and vain ; And would it havo paid mo, think you, To havo wrested it from pain? Grant yon oach word I otter la a triflo light aa air ; Yot out ot my littlo triumph Thoro grows a littlo prayor. Give other womon roses, All bloom to thorn is freo ; I — I havo earned tho lilies; Lcavo them to mo— to mo. TIiobo who jest in tho morning, Should jest at set of sun ; Whon will ond this jesting ? Whon will tho day be dono ? But I have my little triumph — A woman's— light and vain ; It would havo paid bat poorly To have wrested it from pain, And to tho end the lilios Will bo of the past a part ; unco — onco aa August luy Found root— in a woman's heart. 