ALLHALLO WE VE. tBY SC0TIA.1 Among,the various anniversary celebrations, religions, political,rand patriotic, which have comedoWdo usfrom the past, some of which have losT'their original meaning, add oven ceased to retain the customs once connceted with them isAllhallow. Even, which occurs. | on the 31st of October, and is the vigil of the festival of All Saints. This festival was first institutedVit is said, because it was found im possible to keep a separate day in honor of everyone of the numberless saints and mar tyrs, whose claims to distinction of some sort the church nevertheless saw fit to recognise. Therefore, having selected the most distin guished competitors for "everlasting remem brance," they "lumped" the rest in one grand mass, and constituted the first day of' November the festival of All Saints. In; some wpy a considerable amount of fun ma-' naged to find its way into most of those ancient festivals. Human nature is pretty ' much the same in all ages, and the; young people of tho " good old times" were I not half as sedate as our great grandmothers -| would have us believe; and I am not at all sure that nineteenth century propriety would. not be properly shocked if such "goings on? were indulged in by the young people of to day. Possibly in the old country some of the ceremonies in connection with Allhallow Ev'e are still observed; but in this new land of onrs, where we forget anniversaries, and have small reverence for festivals, they certainly are not much thought about, and may even not be generally known. The customs in. connection with Hallow Eve vary somewhat, of course, in the various countries that form the 'kingdom of Great Britain. Notwith standing. the-' differenco of country and the variety of customs,-however, one grand point; seems to have been aimed at in almost all of them. Nearly all the performers seem to havo been alike actuated by the sublime desire to discover some unknown future sweet heart, or to test the fidelity of one already in possession, and to accomplish this edd wondrous and varied were the methods tried. Young and delicate maidens forget, or ignored, their habitual nervousness, and ventured out alone, or in couples, at the witching hour of midnight, and actually had the temerity to invade the dreaded enclosure of the graveyard itself, for the purpose of satisfactorily settling these ali • important questions. No doubt the lads were as brave and fearless as the lasses; and in their turn dared unknown terrors for the sake of q ghostly vision of some fair female face. The practice of burning nuts on Allhallow. Eve seems to have been universally favored. . The custom had its origin, it would appear, in some heathen sacrifices, which used to be considered necessary by way of propitiating the deities I suppose. But the nuts -were turned to good account by love-lorn damsels and amorous swains. . When' desirous of knowing whether their loves would baprp pitious or otherwise, they would burn these nuts on Allhallow Eve, for the purpose of .finding out. In those. days men were ' ; evidently not of.the opinion that " He either fears his fate too much, Or his deserts are small, Who fears to put it to the touch And win or lose it all; andwasvery much inclined to know whether he was likely to win or lose before he risked anything. In Scotland they put two nuts on the fire and name each nut, one for the person burning, and one for the desired sweetheart. If the nuts burn quietly together until consumed it is accepted as an indication that the course of true love in. that instance isdestined torun smoothly. But shouldthenuts bounce or jump away from each other the luckless burner regards it as an omen that the two named are never to be married. In Ireland the custom is altered somewhat, and the charm is used as a test of the faithful . ness or otherwise of acknowledged lovers. There three huts are -used, being laid, a3 before, on the bars of thesi grate, and two of them being; named; after the; lovers. But the result is much the same, for "if a nut cracks , or jumps the lover will prove unfaithful; if it begins to blaze or -burn he has a regard for the per son making the trial, and if the nuts named after the girl and her lover burn together they will be married." Gay, in his ''.Spell," gives afvery good; description of this/cus toih Two-hazel huts Ithrew infcaf the flame; ' And to each nut I gave a sweetheart's name. This with the loudest bounce me sore amazed,' That in a dame of brightest color blazed. As blazed the nnt so may thy passion grow, For 'twas tby nut that did so brightly glow! Another way in which girls used to find \- out either who were theiftstrue loves or if their secret desires would he gratified, I am not sure which, was by means of peas. If1 a shell should befound containing nine perfect peas the lucky finder took the treasure home, and secretly placed»it above] the door, and waited, in great' impatience ho doubt, to see who would be the first specimen of the "male persuasion" that should thereafter cross the threshold.. I remember seeing this charm tried myselfj herein South Australia; aud the extreme disgust with which the young laay viewed the clumsy bumpkin who passed under her perfectly rounded pea-pod was highly diverting. This custom also Gay describes in amusing fashion:— As peascods oncelplueked I chanced to see One that was closely'filled with three times three, Which when I cropped I safely home conveyed, And o'er the door the spell in secret laid; . The latch moved up, when who should first come in But, in his proper person—Lubberkin ! Another charm peculiar to AllhalloW'Eve, and which I have somewhere read used to be very much in favor in Ireland, was the paring ; of apples. Now, anybody ; can pare''apples, but it by no means follows that'everybody can turn apple-paring into alove divination. In order to do this successfully the anxious maiden must take an apple;and carefully, pare it so that the skin shall come off in one long curl. This she throws oyer her 3houlder—the left one I think—and if in falling it forms the first letter of the beloved one's-name all will be well. Why the left shoulder is chosen I : cannot say. Possibly the fact that the heart is situated in that quarter of the anatomical organisation may he supposed to exercise a benign influence. I pare this pippin round and round again, toy shepherd's name to flourish on the plain ; I fling the unbroken paring o'er my head— Upon tbe grass a perfectX. is read. • One other divination by imeans of apples/ or rather their kernels, is described by Gay, who was evidently rather fond of this kind of thing. Men must have been dreadfully faith less in the old days, I am afraid; for not a few of the spells and charms and divinations were used, as a test of their fidelity. This one is of that number, and was made to work by means of sticking an apple kernel on each cheek. On this point; though, "doctors" seem to differ, one authority holding that they were Btuck on the forehead. The kernels were named, and that which fell first indi cated that the love of him Whose name it bore was unsound. Here is Gay's descrip tion:— . • This pippin shall another trial'make; See, from the core two kernels brown,-1 take; This on my cheek for Lubberkin is worn,- . And Booby Clod on 'fcother side is borne. But Booby Clod soon drops upon the ground, A certain token that his love's nnsound; While Lubberkin sticks firmly to the last; Ob, were bis lips to mine but joined as fast! Burns describes a great many of those bid Halloween customs, among which is the per haps most generally known one—sowing hemp seed. He says this custom is noVcommon to Scotland. This practice was in favor with lads as well as'lasses, from which it'would ap pear that the sterner sex is not much les3 curious concerning the future than is the weaker vessel. In this case it is orthodox to wait till the solemn hour when ghosts are said to take- their walks abroad. When the hour is fully come the person must steal out un perceived, " sow a handful of hemp seed-with anything you can conveniently draw after yon," repeating now and then Hemp seed, I sow thee; bemp seed, I sow thee; ■ And him (or her) that's my true love. Come after me and pou' thee. Look over your left shoulder and you will see the appearance of the person invoked in the■ attitude of pulling nemp. . I remember;, however, hearing a somewhat different form of the spell, possibly the English rendering. <| In this case also, the person wishing to divine went out of doors at 12 o'clock at night, A graveyard was, I believe, considered to he the most desirable'field for sowing the magic seed, a handfull of which was taken and carefully sown, the sower all the waile re peating— Hemp seed I sow, bemp seed must grow; "Whoever's my true love, come after and mow. And on looking over your shoulder yon are supposed to see your future lover coming after von, with an invisible- scythe* patiently ^mow ing-imaginary hemp. • But love; was not the only] deity which pre* sided tWehthoae HallowEven festivities. - la mahypl&ces; theeveoC the 1st of November whs' regarded as a ;kind--6£ harvest home, aad oil 'that' night bonfires were lighted, aid generalrejoiicingswereinadejbothinthank^ i giving for the harvest, and also asa-kind of propitiatory sacrifice, previous to opening the stores for the year. After the fires were burned down people were,in the habit of-; divining, by means of burning stones, who was likely to die before rfhe next HaHowtide came round, In North, 'Wales,, also, this practice of divining by means offire pre vailed, but with :some difference, as here, "Every familymakes afire.In the most con-; spicuons place near thehouso,and when the' fire isalmost "extinguished everyonethro ws a . white' stone .into the ashes,, having first markedit'j then,' having said ■ their prayera, turned round the fire, they go to bed. In. the morning as1 soon 'as theyare up theycome to search out the stones, and if any of them are found wantiog they have a notion that the person who threw it in will die before another All Saints Eve." Thus were the im portant questions of love and life decided by the most flimsy means. And yet it is more than possible that sometimes the predictions were verified, because in many instances a prediction worns its own verification, thus by their own hopes or fears giving coloring to their own empty superstitions; 