THICKER THAN WATER. BY JAMES PAYN, Author of "By Proxy," "High Spirits," CHAPTER VII. A FOOL'S PARADISE. Even in the seclusion of her own apartment the widow did not tear open her Edgar's letter and greedily devour it with her eyes; nor as a matter of fact perhaps is that course of action the usual one m such cases except upon the stage, where one has to consider the conditions of distance—the gallery. In real life such treatment is only applied to telegrams. YVhen a woman especially has a billet-dovx in her hand, or what she hopes will prove one, she is in no hurry, however impatient may be her natural disposition, to become possessed of its contents; and this is more particularly the case when she has good reason to believe them to be agreeable. That the cheque had not come back Mrs. Beckett had assured herself by the ordeal of touch. Her delicate fingers had weighed the missive, and decided that it was too light to contain an enclosure. If her Edgar had kept the cheque she felt that he was secured to her, or, as brutal MAN would have expressed it, *' soldfor. though "she had urged his acceptance of it in any case, she knew that there was in reality no alternative for him. As she gazed on his handwriting her thoughts reverted to the day, now thirty years ago, when her father had placed a similar letter in her hand, with the quiet remark "This is from Sir Robert, my darling ; you will do as you please about it." How different were her present feelings ! It seemed to her as she compared her " now" and " then" that she could scarcely be the same woman. Her second offer had been made by word of mouth, and how differently again had that proposal been received ! With what rapture had she heard of it! With what promise it had seemed to blossom, and how, alas ! that blossom had withered ere it ever grew to bud ! She could not conceal from herself that there was no such blossom now ; yet if there was less to win—and there was less, much less—she on her part had less to lose. " My dear Mrs. Beckett—Your kind letter has affected me beyond measure. I feel I am not worthy of your love, but I hope to become worthy of it. I am compelled to spend to-morrow at Brighton, but I shall be with you at 3 o'clock on Monday, when Ishall trust to find you alone. " Ever yours affectionately, "EHCAR DOKLYAY." X.B.—Cheque received." If the letter was not all that the widow could wish, it was without doubt an acceptance of her proposal; if it did not fulfil her expectations, it removed from her all apprehensions of disappointment; nay, it realized her hopes ; but she didn't like his putting off his visit till Monday. Why should he not have come on Sunday? Even supposing he had a previous engagement for that day, why should he not have cancelled it ? Was he not engaged to her ? The nGtiou of Mr. Edgar Dornay's having any conscientious scruples concerning Sunday did not, I regret to say, enter into her "mind. Wbat, however, she resented a great deal more was Edgar's postscript, " Cheque received," which seemed almost to have a double signification for her. Her first act, indeed, was to produce a pair of golden scissors—one of a set of implements fitted into a sea-shell, such as Aphrodite might have used at a marine Dorcas Society—and cut that neatly out. Ihe note looked a little shorter, but much sweeter, without that little addition. Mrs. Beckett had not only overlived her illusions, but had, what very few women possess, a due sense of proportion. She acknowledged to herself that concerning the matter between herself and "another—so her dividends expressed it—she had got decidedly the best of it. If Mr. Charles Sotheran — whom, to do her justice, she would have no more thought of as a husband than of marrying her grandson—had been in the place of Mr. Edgar Dornay, shb would have taken a different view of the affair; the obligation would in that case have seemed to lie on the other side. His circumstances were such that, to use a homely but very significant expression, he might "well have "jumped at" such an offer. But Edgar Dornay was well born, in possession of moderate means, and had made for himself a certain position in the world. She was not only very pleased that he had accepted her proposal, but grateful. It wa< impossible for him, of course, to speak of terms ; but she at once resolved that they should be made as much to liis liking as possible. Her first idea —the idea of a woman in love, but one which fitted also with the natural generosity of her disposition,—was to make him independent of her. And it was not enough for her to tell him her intentions; she wished to be able to assure him that they were already in process of being carried out. This was a notion that would never of course have entered into the head of a young girl; but in her case it had a certain pathos in it—it was a tacit confession that she knew she was not loved for herself alone. If the other reason for which he loved her should be strengthened, would he not then love her more? There was at least nothing sordid in such an act of voluntary munificence. She dashed off Lhree lines to her man of business, Mr. Rennie, to request his attendance on her after breakfast on Monday morning. "Come to breakfast if you can," she added impulsively, " though I am afraid our hour (9.30) will be a little late for you." Then she went down to dinner in the highest spirits. There are some unpliilosophic persons who do not much believe in tne chastening influence of adversity; who confess that they are never so unsympathetic as when they are in low spirits, and that melancholy and moroseness are with them synonymous terms. We admire their candour, but pity the littleness of their minds. Still it must be acknowledged that when folks ar-e in good luck they are more agreeable as companions than when they are depressed ; kindly natures expand under the influence of good fortune, and are very willing that their fellowcreatures should share, or at all events receive, the overplus of it. Mrs. Beckett had been always kind to her young companion, but never had she borne herself so warmly towards her as on the present occasion; in the familiarity of their conversation when they had gone up to the drawing-room she even ventured once more to hint at the subject of Mary's settling in life, though without any direct reference to the husband she had chcseu for her. " You are very young still, my dear, it is quite true ; but age is relative; to a girl of fortune it is of small consequence, but to one with small means, every year after she becomes marriageable is twelve months lost." " I have never heard the value of time pointed out with such particularity," said Mary smiling. " Mv dear, I am quite serious ; it is th fact," returned the widow earnestly, " and I need not tell you, Mary, that whomsoever you may choose for a husband—though you know iny especial wishes in that matter—I shall take care that you do not go to hiin without a dowry." "You are very good and verj kind," said Mary, with a faint flush; she was used to hints of the widow's intentions towards her which had at first made her very uncomfortable ; there was something in her nature which revolted against them, though she had found from experience that it was better to pass them lightly by. " But unless, my "dear Mrs. Beckett, your generosity partakes of the nature of what Mr. Rennie was trying to explain to us the other day, a time bargain, or that you want to get rid of me as soon as possible—" " Nay, nay," interrupted the widow, " you know I don't mean that." She was con scious, however,—under the new conditions of her life that was to be—of having contemplated Mary's departure as a possibility. No idea of jealousy had crossed her mind, but it had occurred to her that when she became Mrs. Dornay, not only would Mary's office become a sinecure, but that there would be something embarrassing in her presence. In the case of turtle doves, however roomy their nest may be, the happy pair, or the female at ail events, preftrs it to oe free from lodgers. " My house will always be your home, Mary, but circumstances may alter as regards myself—I may not be in a position—nobody knows what may happen." The widow was in a quagmire, in which her struggles to escape only sank her the deeper; she felt she had gone too far in hinting at any alteration in her mode of life, and she did not know how to erase tlic impression her words might have conveyed. Mary, however, was quite innocent of all suspicion. She thought Mrs. Beckett was referring to the uncertainties of human life. " It will be long indeed, I hope, and have every reason to believe," she answered earnestly, " before I have to come to any resolution on that account." The widow bit her lip and was'silent. It was possible, had Mary given her any encouragement, that she might have made a confidante of her then and there ; but under present circumstances that was out of the question. It was certainly very unpleasant tliat the idea of change in her condition had only associated itsell in Mary's mind with her decease. She would take care to let Mr. Rennie understand that she had sent for him with quite other views than to give him her testamentary instructions. "I know you hate to perform in public, Mary," she said with some abruptness (it was the one thing in Mrs. Beckett's manner which now and then betrayed the relative positions i occupied by Miss Alarvon and herself), " but ' since we are quite alone, perhaps you will ] lay something ou the piano." It was an elastic request, and Mary took full advantage of it, for music was her delight. She played piece after piece, now grave, now gay, ana at the end of each the widow murmured, " That is indeed a treat," or " thank you," or " how charming !" But what was played was in fact only the accompaniment, more or less suitable, to her own thoughts. When Mary's fingers evoked pathos, Mrs. Beckett's mind reverted to her girlhood, so long past and gone ; to the simple pleasures of her youth, and to its dreams; which, though great things had befallen her, had beet, far indeed from being realized. When the strain grew sombre her middle life passed once more before her, haunted by the ghost of love, and shadowed by a hated presence. When the tune was bright and joyous she painted her future in bright colours, aud likened the remainder of her days to an Indian summer. Bat as to whether Beethoven was being played, or Mozart, or Chopin, the widow neither knew nor cared, so long as the notes were not so loud as to interfere witbher own reflections. And so it is with a good many other people who affect to " doat onmusic. 1 CHAPTER VIII. MR. RENNIE'S INSTRUCTIONS. The next day was Sunday, a dies non ; the day of all days—since in well-regulated establishments no work is permitted—on. which suspense is intolerable. Again and again did Mrs. Beckett congratulate herself that she had taken tune by the forelock, and secured her Edgar's reply. _ How dreadful it would have been to liavo pi3tured him to herself at Brighton, ignorant of her devotion to him, and—it was really within the bounds of possibility — flirting with somebody else. Even as it was, the uay was a very long one, and contrary to her custom she went twice to Church, not so much, however, with the idea of special thankgiving as of withdrawing her mind from its monopolising topic. The preacher was eloquent and fashionable, but it is doubtful whether he succeeded in producing in her that description of meditation wnirh, above all others, [should be "fancy iree." Contrary to the widow's expectations, Mr. Rennie arrived at the breakfast hour on. Monday morning. The lawyer was a man of slight, almost insignificant figure, young for his years, which were verging on sixty; but with an astute and intelligent face. His eyes, blue and keen as a sword blade, like it were kept in scabbard until there was- need for them. Their lids were usually pressed so close together that it was a wonder he saw out of them. The habit was ascribed to nearsightedness—an idea which he was very far from wishing to combat. The peculiarity had arisen perhaps in trick, but he had found it useful to him. When he heard things from his clients (and he sometimes did) which would have opened ordinary eyes very wide indeed, they only lifted his lashes a little. Nothing seemed to astonish him. On the other hand, he sometimes astonished others—on occasions which demanded their exhibition some folks knew that he could open his eyes to some purpose, when their effect was that of a policeman's bull's-eye suddenly turned on a detected thief. Mr. Rennie was an old bachelor, and his manners were of the old school of politeness. His behaviour to women, always kindly but mingled with a certain respect, was quite different from the affected devotion displayed to them by men of fashion. His ways with, men with various, but he had a general reputation for something more than mere scrupulous integrity — a man of honour first and a lawyer afterwards. His business was mainly confined to the _ affairs of great families, and the administration of large estates; but he had been known to give valuable advice to persons of comparative insignificance, and, what was more, in a very unprofessional manner—without a fee. Mrs. Beckett adored him, and told him so; just a little to his alarm. A woman who had buried two husbands was, he thought, capable of reverting to first principles in the way of matrimony, and of capturing the third by force. But on the whole he liked her; ana not least for her treatment of Mary Marvon. He had seen a great deal of the dependents of the great, and they did not impress him favourably ; but in this young lady he recognised modesty without subservience, and an unflinching self-respect. "This is a compliment indeed, Mr. Rennie," were the widow's first words of welcome. " I never thought you would come to breakfast." " It is almost as dangerous to give an invitation, madam, under the impression that it will not be accepted," was his reply, " as to back a bill under the contrary impression. You seem to have made every preparation, however, for my entertainment." " There are some cutlets and fish—oh, I see what you mean—why, of course there is, Mary." The lawyer was shaking hands with her with something more than his usual politeness. " I knew you would never dare to take breakfast with me alone. Under pretence of being my chaperon or sheep dog, every one knows that Mary is here for the protection of the public." " Quis castodkt?" murmured the lawyer, withja glance of pity towards the orphan girl. " What do you say, Sir ?" enquired the widow sharply. " I always suspect the dead languages." " I was only quoting a legal phrase, my dear madam, with reference to the custody of infants. By-the-by, I have been having some correspondence with our friend Mr. Patou that would surprise you. What do you think of an infant nine feet high ?" " The giant! Oh, we've heard of him!" exclaimed Mary, laughing. " Well, he's "a minor ; and since it was through Mr. Paton's advice that he threw up his engagement, my client thinks he is responsible for his future. As he shakes the pillars of domestic peace at the Hall—and, indeed, the Hall too—it has become necessary to place himself somewhere else, and I have been offering premiums to proprietors of travelling shows to take him. Never was a .respectable family solicitor placed in such a false position." " The mention of Mr. Rennie's profession, Mary," observed the widow, " which nobody, I am sure, would ever guess, unless he referred to it" " Now, do you really expect me to take that as a compliment, Mrs. Beckett?" interposed the lawyer. " The mention of his profession," contiuued the widow, " reminds me that he has come here professionally, and that I must deny mytelf the pleasure of your company this morning; but you cau have the carriage, of course, as usual." " Thank you, dear Mrs. Beckett, but I had much rather walk." " Then take Simmons with you, I beg, my dear—you are much too young and pretty to go without a maid." "I would much prefer Alexander," said Mary. " Now did you ever know such a girl, Mr. Rennie ?" exclaimed the widow appealingly. " She prefers walking to driving, and the company of Alexander to that of Simmons. "It depends upon who Alexander is," observed the lawyer judicially. " If he's an attractive young man" " It is a dog, my dear Sir; it's Mr. Beckett's old St. Bernard." " Oh, indeed !—one of those animals who go about with a bottle of Chartreuse—no, bythe-by, that's the other monastery—of brandy round their necks, and save people in the snow. In winter a most admirable companion, but in summer I should have thought " "He is charming at all times," laughed Mary, rising from her seat; " I've not had a walk with him for weeks, so that we shall have lots to say to one another." And with a pretty curtsey and a pleasant smile she left the seniors to their conversation. "That's a good girl, I'm sure," observed the lawyer, when the young lady had left the room. "An excellent girl," assented Mrs. Beckett, warmly; " she is like a younger sister to me." " Without the little jealousies and antagonisms which relations sometimes give rise to, eh ?" observed Mr. Rennie, slily. "Upon my word, you're as bad as Mr. Paton," exclaimed the widow. " I suppose that is why you lawyers get such a bad chalacter—you mix with such queer clients, and catch their complaints." " Yes, that's it. W e go about doing good at all risks." " Well, I waut you to do some good to-day, or rather to put me, as your client, in the way of doing it. 1 particularly wish to benefit a certain person—who shall remain nameless, if you please, for the presentpecuniarily. I wish that person, though closely connected with me, to be made independent of me, no matter what may happen as regards change of circumstances, cr even of feeling in myself." "A very generous proposition," observed the lawyer, stirring his tea, and thinking to himself, " Now she is going to provide for that young girl. A very good thing too. Companionship is no inheritance, and one woman's affection for another is never to be depended on, though it looks as firm as the solid earth, there is always a possibility of a landslip." As Mis. Beckett remained silent, he looked up at lier through his scrowed-up eyes and nodded encouragement. The widow was blus-liing, and pursuing a peach-stone across her plate with a trembling finger—a sign of embarrassment which by no means astonished the lawyer. People, in his experience, were generally more ashamed of their benevolent intentions, especially if they were of a Quixotic character, than of their revenges. "A highly laudable idea," be continued, " if one is only assured, which, no doubt, you are in this case, of the worthiness of .the individualto be benefited." " I have every confidence in the person in question, Mr. Rennie. Perhaps, without beating about the bush, it may be as well to - state to you, of course in the strictest-confidence, that the person Ihave in my mind i» my future husband." . For the moment Mr. Rennie forgot his office and even himself. He opened his eyes to their fullest extent, not in reproof, as usual, but in sheer amazement. • " Alexander has gone out with Miss Mar' von," said the widow severely. " Alexander, my dear Madam," stammered the other. "Yes—the dog. I thought you whistled, Sir." And, indeed, it was true that the least ghose of a whistle had somehow escaped from tho old lawyer's lips. " Good heavens, madam ! nothing was further from my thoughts. It is no whistling matter." " So I should hope," returned the widow implacably ; she was very much offended. "Thank heavens, it isn't me ; that's one comfort," was the lawyers reflection,. which • assisted him in summoning a gentle smile. " If I have exhibited any amazement, my deer Mrs. Beckett," he said,. " it was from the consideration of your great courage and confidencc in human nature." " I think I am old enough to knowmyown mind, Mr. Rennie." " I don't know as to that. A woman, they say, is as old as she looks, in which case I must needs doubt your judgment." " I am glad you have something civil to ay at last.' "Civil! My dear Mrs. Beckett, you must be well aware that my feelings towards you are not those of a mere acquaintance, or even such as should exist between lawyer and client." " You would not have dared to say that ten minutes ago," smiled the widow, who had by this time recovered, not only her self-possession, but her good humour ; from which it may be gathered that she was not absolutely impervious tc flattery. " Well, 1 dare to say it now, and something more. On one occasion, when I had had the opportunity of. being, of service to you you were graciously pleased to call me your guardian." " Iwent further, and said 'guardian angel,'" put in Mrs. Beckett frankly, but with a tinge of colour. He was referring to a certain time when his advice had restrained her from placing what would have been a most illjudged confidence in her late husband. " As your friend and well-wisher, at all events," pursued the lawyer modestly, " it is my duty now to point out to you that your position is a very exceptional one. The gentleman you have in your mind you will make not only your husband, but a Prince Consort." '* And how do you know that he is not a prince already ?" enquired the widow, smiling. The question was a little embarrassing, for the man Mr. Rennie had in his mind was certainly not a prince, nor at all like one. being in fact no other than Mr. Ralph Dornay. He knew that he was intimate at the bouse, and thought him just the sort of calculating humbug to have learnt the length of Mrs. Beckett's foot. "If he had been a prince I think you would have called him a personage and not a person," returned the lawyer dexterously. "He is a prince to me," said the widow gently; " to us.women ail men seem so while they are our lovers." " I suppose they do," observed the lawyer drily. He was considering whether, even to his betrothed, Mr. Ralph . Dornay could appear to possess any princely attributes. " This is a matter, Mr. Rennie," continued the widow, stung by his cynical tone, " in which I have no need of advice except professionally. My mind is quite made up as to the main question." The lawyer bowed, and took a pinch of snuff; it was the only vice of which he had ever been accused—or at least convicted. " I am here, my dear madam, to obey your instructions. You wish, as I understand, that this fortunate gentleman should enjoy a handsome life interest in your estate." " That, is of course. It is the usual arrangement, is it not ?" "It is a common one, bnt by no means without exception. In such a case as yours a woman's fortune is set tied upon her and her children, but, if she wishes it, a sufficient income is reserved to her husband should he survive her." " Well, you can draw up the settlement; but I wish a certain sum to be given absolutely to my husband on the day of our marriage ; fifty thousand pounds." " My dear Mrs. Beckett!" " Such are my wishes; be so good as to embody them in—I don't know how to express myself technically—but I know what I want to have done." Mr. Rennie smiled as though he had no doubt of that. " I supjjose as regards the lump sum a deed of gift will be necessary?" continued the widow. "Not at alL There will be certain preliminary arrangements, and then you have only to sign a cheque." The widow's eyes sparkled with pleasure. To place a cheque for £50,000 in the hands of her intended would be, she felt, an enormous pleasure to her. "A draft of your instructions shall be prepared for your approval," resumed the lawyer, who had no intention of precipitating matters. "Is there anything—or any one else—you wish to mention ?" Since cheques for £30,000 were flying about, it struck the kind-hearted lawyer that Mary Marvon might well be brought to his client's remembrance before Ralph Dornay came into his kingdom, after whicn her chance would be small indeed. " No," said the widow thoughtfully. " Nothing else occurs to me. You will not be long about it I conclude; it is all so very simple." " Very," assented the lawyer without moving a muscle, but his eyes, if he had been so foolish as to open them, would have betrayed the satire. " Then it could be done at once, in half an hour?" " What? The deed? The settlement?" Theideaof dispatch is to a lawyer always hateful; but tne suggestion of tying-up a property like Mrs. Beckett's—as if it had been a brown paper parcel—in lialf an hour sounded to Mr. Rennie like a blasphemy in the ears of a bishop. " I don't mean that, but I should like to have a note of my intentions drawn out in a proper manner for my own satisfaction." " What she means," said the lawyer to himself, "is for private exhibition. She thinks it will bring the tears into the eyes of that specious humbug, whereas it will ouly make his mouth water. My dear madam, what a fool you are about to make of yourself. It is curious when Nature has done her very best almost in that way, how some folks will improve upon it." Then he added aloud, " You shall have a note of your instructions before your luncheon hour, Mrs. Beckett." He named that time because he felt sure that if the man she had in her mind was Mr. Ralph Dornay he would come to lunch; but he was not quite certain that he was the man. A curiosity very foreign to his character impelled him as he took his leave to learn her se;rct. " I suppose it would be indiscreet ia me, dear Mrs. Beckett, to hazard a guess as to the subject of our conversation this morning ?" " It would be indiscreet in me to tell," said the widow smiling, which, indeed, considering that no word of love had passed her Edgar's lips, it certainly would have been. " If I was to say that the name of the unknown began with a D and ended with a Y, should I be very far wrong?" " You would be getting 'warm.' Sir, as the children say at ' hide and seek,'" returned the widow blushing. " I need say no more than that." And she held out her hand. Mr. Rennie took and pressed it kindly, but he did not utter one word of congratulation. He thought his client very foolish; but also that she was about to bring upon herself a greater punishment than her folly deserved. _ Mrs. Beckett was well satisfied with his silence ; in a case like hers she knew enough of the world to be grateful for small mercies. It was something—nay, it was a good deal— that so old a friend and adviser had not dropped a word about the disparity of years. She had not the faintest suspicion of the cause which made any such remark an impossibility. Her mind was full of her Edgar, and she concluded that of Mr. Rennie was preoccupied -with the same individual. If she had told him the truth it is probable that the lawyer would have known better than to attempt remonstrance, but a certain line in the Table of Forbidden Degrees in the Prayer-book would certainly have suggested itself—"A man may not marry his grandmother." MOFNT GAMBIER WATER SUPPLY.—We see from the South-Eastern Star that " the Mount Gambier reservoir was tilled to its utmost capacity on Friday morning, January 2(5, as a ttst of the whole of the work, until the water flowed over into the waste pipes. The quantity of water it then contained was 270,000 gallons. Experiments were made by the Superintendent (Mr. C. Jobson) to ascertain the exact pressure of water in Commercial-street, and on applying Tangye's water-power gauge to the hydrant it was found that the pressure was equal to 90 lb. to the square inch. It may possibly afford some means of comparison to state that the natural pressure of the atmosphere is 15 lb. to the square inch. The vertical height of the water level when the reservoir is full is from Commercial-street 20!) feet. The average pressure in Adelaide is only 60 lb. to the square inch." 