' DEB ERLKOXIG.' By Maubice J. BtonjcT. Pbettt Axxte Weston had just finished that lovely song ' Der Erlkonig.' The ' Thank Yous ' and *? O how Lovelys ' had been murmured in the tones of rapture usual on sucn occasions, and had been more or less blushingly received, when somehow, by one of those strange tarns which no one can account fcr, the conversation drifted to the subject of Imagination and the effect it has on actions, and from that to Conscience. There were a dozen of us in the room, a friend and myself staving with Mr. Weston, a few ladies and gentlemen who had just dropped in to spend the evening, and the family. The discussion became general, and every one had some opinion to advance. As the subjects are necessarily vague, in about ten minutes we had exhausted all we did know about them ; and then, as somebody says, we soared into the free and boundless realm of what we did not know. ' We argued high, we argued low ; we also argued round about us;' and astsvery one had a different theory on the question in band, and the ones with the most unreasonable idea were the most vehement in expressing them, we were very far from arriving at a satisfactory conclusion. At last after many arguments on all sides, Will Smith was demonstrating forcibly to his own very evident satisfaction that imagina tion is nothing in the world bat disordered 'digestion, and conscience synonymous - with inactive liver, and that a judicious coarse, of exercise, vichy water, abstinence, from, tea and other exciting beverages, would enable a man to walk through a graveyard at mid night without taking a cow for a ghost — the advantage of which is obvious-r-or enable him to ran a man through, rob' a bank, misma nage railways, or break the whole decalogue without feeling any of those uncomfortable prickings known as the pangs of conscience, the advantages to which, to the world at large,' are not quite so obvious. Just then old Mr. Linton, who had listened with' an attention very flattering to the speakers, drew bis chair forward from the corner where he had been sitting quietly all the evening, and said : — ' I am sorry that I cannot agree with you, Mr. Smith. I am an old man now. Perhaps if I had been born in an ' advanced age ' an advantage which you possess, I might have held your views, out as it is I am old-fashioned enough to be lieve that conscience has been divinely im planted in our breasts for our guidance, and that imagination is a distinctive faculty of mind or brain — it is difficult to determine wlpch-r-capable of greatly ennobling us if it is - . properly regulated. Bat in the regulation of it lies the difficulty. The song Annie sang a little while ago, and the recent conversation, call to any remembrance a rather peculiar incident which has some bearing on the subject that we have all been speaking about. I say it is peculiar not because there is any thing very strange about it, bat because it is uncommon. I think I heard of a similar case before, but this is the only one that came under my own observation.' The old gentleman paused, and amid mar mars of 'go on please, he continued : 'Eight ^ears ago when I was living at Berunga I was a magistrate- there. My surgery and dispensary were in the township, but our dwelling-house, which had plenty of land attached, was on the Sandhurst road, about two miles and a half from Berunga. I generally returned home about six, and my son who was my partner, re mained at the surgery. I had just come home one evening, and was dressing for dinner, when the door-bell rang, and Jane, the house maid, informed me that a gentleman wished to speak to me. ; - ' Some patient,' I thought, « wiHrwfll ex patiate on his symptoms, ad nauseam. I wish people would not come at dinner-time. However* there is no help for it.' Then aloud to the -rir1 : ' Tell your mistress not lo wait dinner for me, and show the gentleman into the parlor.' In a few minutes I entered the room where I had told Jane to show the stranger. ' I have not the pleasure— ' I began, as he rose on my entrance. 'My name is Henry Harper,' said he quietly, then earnestly and impetuously— ' You are a magistrate?' I bowed and waited, feeling very uncom fortable, for Mr. Henry Harper was a strange looking man of about five and thirty, very tall, very thin, deadly pale, with dark hair and unpleasantly piercing black eyes. ?? You mast think it very jftrange, sir,' he said, ''.but I cannot— I will-not offer any apologies. I did not come here of my own free wilL I was impelled to it, driven to it by that which haunts me night and day, waking, sleeping when- 1 can sleep, every where I go :and in everything I do. I hear it now. Oh, God, my punishment is more than I can bear ! ' He nearly shrieked :out the last words, and covering his face - with his hands—' 1'bn must hear the voice,' said he, ,' it %e louder ;, than .the roar of thunder.'1 My face must have betrayed my very strong doubts as to bis sanity, for he said quietly, almost sadly : ' You think that I am mad. I am not. I sometimes wish I were, then at intervals I should believe that the sounds which haunt me are unreal, but no, I am not mad, and I shall hear them till I die. I have come to you, as a magistrate, to make a confession, in the hopes of obtaining peace from Heaven, and enjoying a moment's respite from the horror that hangs over my life.' - Here he spoke quite collectedly, and not at all like a madman. 'You look ill; let me feel your pulse. I am a doctor,' said L He did look ill, very ill. I felt hia pulse. It was perfectly regular and normal, not at all feverish. His hand was very cold, bnt not unnaturally so ; bis eyes, too, though so peculiar and piercing, had nothing of that wild, shifty and uncertain gaze of a madman. They were merely the eyes of a person suffering great mental anxiety. In his whole bearing, however, there was a most extraordinary expression, one that I never — never saw before or since, and which I could not define for some time. As he turned his head while the hall clock, a veryloud one, struck seven, the attitude gave me a key to the expression, it was that of listening, never ceasing listening, as if every limb and muscle and nerve were employed in it continually. The whole expression of face and body was a concentration of the power of all-absorbing listening. But as far as my medical experience could .show, he was sane enough. However, I heartily wished that he would make haste with what he had to say, and go. I felt I could speed this parting guest with a great deal of pleasure. Although I was anything but an imagina tive man — rather matter-of- fact than other wise — I felt there was, as the Scotch say, something ' uncanny ' about my visitor. He went on. ' It was an evil day that I ever left England. I was an only son. My father and I quar relled so violently that I left home that night, and England the next day. This was ten years ago. My poor mother, it broke her heart. I killed her with my violence and evil temper. I stabbed her to the heart as certainly as though I had used a weapon. I landed in Melbourne, and as the gold fever was still lingering about, I joined several others who were going to the Berunga ' rush.' In the course of a few months those with whom I had originally come to Berunga all left, and I settled do ra with a young fellow whose acquaintance I formed there. He seemed to be quite alone. So was I. And mutually attracted, we became ' mates.' Frank Glynn was a handsome fellow, and so amiable and clever, I never coald under derstand why he remained hidden at Berunga. I suppose it was family disagreements. He had a splendid voice, and, what was rather strange in those days and in sach a place, it was nearly always German songs he sang — Ah, I loved him then 1' My visitor had taken a seat while saying this, and spoke in such a contained, self possessed way, and as there seemed to be nothing very startling in what he was telling, I settled down half expecting to hear rather a prosy story ; bat still the listening — the in tensely listening air, the earnest black eyes, and the ghastliness of the face seemed at variance with the calm voice, and made me feel nervous every time I looked at him. Suddenly he started np, and continued ex citedly this time: — 'I must hasten. It is driving me on. Ah, if I could but close my ears and brain for one moment 1' ' I hear nothing,' said I ; ' the night is very still, and the house is quiet.' ' No one .bnt a cursed wretch like me can hear it,' he said. '' I hear it always, perhaps if you had taken another's life job would hear something like it too, bat pray Heaven you never may. Frank Glynn and I were lucky, and going to leave Berunga. He had never -liked it, and I had come to loathe the {dace.- . We were going to start very early one morn ing, walk to Sandhurst, and catch the even ing coach. It was not far, five and twenty miles. We spent oar last evening at Clarke's. Jem Clarke was the keeper of the little store. He had a daughter so handsome, so made to be loved that I cannot think of her calmly now. Her father had left England thinking to make a fortune quickly out here, and- had brought his daughter with him. She was well educated, and could sing-like an ancel. Frank often went to their place in the evenings, and while she sang he accompanied her on the violin, or joined her in what she was ranging. I went too sometimes, but not often. It maddened me to see them together. I even hated to hear them sing, lovely as their voices were. Frank Glynn loved her, so did L I did more, I worshipped her, reverenced her, I do so now, but I began by degrees to hate him. Strange, that love of one person should make as hate another. ? That List evening they sang together, and I saw that she cared for him above everyone else in the world. They sang on, saying it would ? be their last evening for a long time, but I heard Frank whisper ' I will be back again soon, and then ? ' - 1 could not hear the rest. Bat I saw her look happy, and she smiled so brightly at his words that for a mo ment I nearly hated her, The List song they sang was ' Der Erlkonig, ' the favorite with both of them. They sang it as if their souk were in it. We wished Mr. and Mrs. Clarke and Nellie ' good'.bye, ' and told them they need not expect to see as again before we left as we were going very early in the morning, before anyone else was stirring. ' You are going early,' said Mrs. Clarke. ' Yes, ' replied Frank, ' we wish to get well on oar journey before the heat of the day commences.' ? 'A very good plan, ' said she ; and then we wished good night, and 'Good byes' again. ' Good bye, Mrs. Clarke, you will hear from me soon, ' shouted Frank in a tone intended for the ears of Nellie, who stood in (he back ground. We walked on silently, oar way was a track through deserted claims. Oar hat was, for the whole district has altered very little, near, where your house now stands. It was rather a dark night, the moon was in. her second quarter; bat the sky was so Overcast that her light was scarcely visible. We walked on slowly and cautiously, for there were abandoned shafts on each side of us, that we might! very easily walk into, and silently because he was thinking of the girl he loved, and because I would not trust my self to speak. I loved her so, and hated nun because he did so too and she retuned it. The few words we did speak were not plea sant ones, for - 1 determined to quarrel with him, and a man determined to pick a quarrel can always find some pretext ready. At last as we neared our hat, the rage and jealousy burst forth, words ran fast and fu rious, I cursed him,t then came a calm — the loll in a storm. He, as if unconsciously, began to hum the last few bars of 'Der Erlkonig.' Oh un happy chance 1 the sound angered me, roused the worst passions in my nature, and recalled so vividly the sight of her .face as she looked while singing that, looked with eyes fall of love and admiration for him. I think some demon most have possessed -me, I am sure a man in bis right mind could not have done as I did. I must have been mad then, though I am not now. I do not know what I said, but I struck him ! struck him down ! coward and madman that I was, and he fell. We had been standing, and the fact had been quite unnoticed by either of as, on the brink of an old and very deep shaft, down which it would be certain death to fall. He fell, he was stunned, and for one moment the moon shone out to show me the white face and clenched hands. He fell. Some earth that his fall had loosened, fell to the bottom with a light sprinkling sound, then a atone or two, with a sharp, quick noise, then the doll heavy thud which sounded so dead that it made my heart stop. It must have been a deep shaft, as deep as the bottomless pit I think, for years seemed to pass between the first sound of the gravel, then the stones, then the body. All the horrors of my posi tion, all the greatness of my crime came before me a hundred times, and each time more in tensely than before, in those intervals, till my brain and heart seemed filled with burning blood. As the echo died away I fled from the spot, fled with the brand of Cain on iny brow, and as if the ' Avenger of blood' were at my heels. At I fled I heard a sound, as first very faint, like the echo of an echo, then louder till it swelled into a shout. Was it madness ? Was I guiltless ? Had I dreamt the sight of that ghastly face, and that awful falling sound ? Was he alive ? The tone was ' Der Erlkonig,' and the voice Frank Glynn's, as I had heard it last. For a moment I felt snch delight, as a lost spirit suddenly restored to bliss most feel. He lived then 1 For one moment I felt this — the next, I felt surely, and the agony of it was terrible, that that was the voice of no living man, and that I should hear it for ever that, it would haunt me night and day, and sound my knell in death. I rushed on. I never knew how I reached Melbourne, but I did. I was ill. That tune and voice ever sounded in my ears. How I longed to die to escape from it. I had a little money on my person, and some good Samaritan took care of me. Accidentally I saw an advertisement in a newspaper entreating me to return home, as my mother was dying, and all should be for given. I went, and by the time I reached England my mother was dead. My father forgave me, wondered what was the matter with me, pitied me ; poor old man. Thought it was grief at my mother's death. Ah, coald he have only known. Coald he have heard that voice. What would have been his thought ? I often wondered at first, people never did hear that sound. It was so load. He died in a year or two, and I succeeded to the prosperity, but what good could that or anything else do me with that voice daily growing loader and loader in my ears. It never ceased. How I would have prayed if a murderer had dared to pray that the voice would cease but for one moment. I tried to do good. Gave my money to the poor, built hospitals and schools, but of no avail. That voice drove me from my home. I sold off everything, and wandered everywhere where there was danger, wishing to die, longing to die. I would have killed myself but for the awful thought that if I did, and so shortened my penance here, that voice would be eternal. That tone always the same as when I List heard from the lips of a living man impelled me to Victoria, and drove me here, for on what is now your land is the shaft where I deprived a fellow creature of life ' and it is right I should give my self np to justice here.' I did not know what to say, so I silently bowed my head. ' 'I give myself np to Justice,' said he. ' Will you search for the body. Will you, as ft magistrate, arrestjne for murder, eo that I may pay the penalty of my crime, which . is what that voice has been haunting me for, which it had driven me from the other end of the world for.' He was shaking with agitation, his lips were livid, and he trembled as though he would fall. ' You make a most serious charge against yourself,' said I. ' To-morrow I will have the shaft you mentioned searched, and, of course, I most do my. duty, unpleasant though it will be if the facts are as you 6tatc But I am deeply sorry for you.' 'I thank, you,' said he, 'and will you do me a very great favor? Do you know' — and here his voice trembled — 'anything of her— Nellie Clarke?' ' Yes.' said I. ' Just when I came here two years after yon left apparently, 'she was married, and I beard at the time something about a roman tic lover, Frank Glynn, who left the place with a_ friend, promising to come back, but who did not. Jilted her the people about said. However, people came and went in very strange ways in those times, so nobody thought anything about it bat Nelly Clarke perhaps. Poor thing, she has had her troubles. She has had very ill- health. I have visited her professionally. , She always looks to me like one mourning for the dead. I think her marriage was her parents' doings. _Her husband is poor enough. He broke his leg a month or two ago. There are several little children, and they are all in great poverty. Poor little woman ! ' My visitor looked fearfully agitated for a moment, and then said : ' Doctor, I giye you this cheque for her (it was one for two thousand pounds) give it to her after— well you know what — ani here is another cheque which I beg you will cash and distribute amongst the charitable insti tutions and among any poor that need it.' ' I shall be very nappy,' said I, ' to do as you wish, bat as your crime was not inten tional, I trust you will be able to be almoner of your own bounty.' ' And now,' said he, ' will yon take my statement down and get it witnessed ? ' ' There is no necessity,' said I. 'I beg you will, said he, ' it will ease my mind so.' What could I do. The manner of the man was so strange, everything was so strange., So I took down bis statement. He signed Henry Harper in a trembling hand. Then' I signed, and called in a man who worked about the place to sign as witness. . When that was finished I was astonished to see the alteration in my visitor. He looked calm, even happy, if snch a ghastly face could express happiness. ' Thank God, said he, ' I can breathe, the voice is silent! . I have confessed, and will pay the penalty. The spirit is appeased. I can breathe. I can live. I feel, I know now I shall never hear that voice again till it brings me the last summons I shall ever hear in this world, when next I hear it must answer to it beyond the grave.' The wonderful expression of his face chained me. I could not speak for a minute or two, at last I said, ' Will you stay with me to-night ?' ' I will ' he answered ' and if the thanks of a man like me are any good take them for your kindness.' . . ' Will you come and have some dinner' said I. 'Pray excuse me if I decline, I want no thing, thank you.' I showed him to a room, forced him to take some wine, he would take no food, and left him. I went and had my dinner, chattered with my wife about Henry Harper, and we both agreed that he was to be pitied, and that his story was peculiar. ' Poor fellow,' said my wife, he is greatly to be pitied, I think the voice he speaks of must be the effects of a heated imagination acting on his conscience. ' I cannot tell,' said I, ' the voice to him is very real.' In the morning I went myself to Mr. Harper's bedroom, I knocked loudly at his door, no answer, knocked again, called loudly, still no reply. I opened the door and walked in. He was silting on a chair by the bedside in a listening attitude, with a fcmile on his face — quite dead. He had been dead for some hours. The bed was untouched. He had evidently sat down the evening before and had never risen. Had he in the dead stillness of the night heard that voice which this time brought his summons ? Had the voice this time brought him news of rest after such a troubled life ? and had he answered cheerfully to that signal of release with the smile that left its impress on his dead lips ? Who can tell ? A search was made. The remains of a body were found in an old shaft on my ground, a watch found there, when cleaned 1 had on it the initials F.G. I found Nellie Clarke, gave her the money, and distributed the rest. The old gentleman ceased, the company were silent for a moment, then said Annie — ' That was not imagination Mr. Linton, that voice was a real one to him.' ' Yes !' said Tom Smith and several others. The Esn. 