THE PRIMA DONNA'S DAUGHTER. ONE morning before rehearsal in the green- room of the opera house Van Tromp, the baritone, asked Signor Notti if he had yet seen the daughter of their prima donna. It is astonishing what a commotion this question, delivered in the sonorous tones of Van Tromp, aroused among those of the members of the orchestra who were standing and sitting around the green-room stove. Signor Notti was never very quick to answer a question in English, so Monseiur Laflip, the French tenor, had opportunity to remark : "It is that which harass me. They say she have but yesterday arrive to these shores. Now, my friends, to what position will they place her in this company here ?" "How can we tell what she will do when we have never seen her ?" said Mme. Hilary, the contralto. "If I could put my eyes on her I would know in a moment what she would sing." "But she may not sing at all," said Signor Paulo the basso. "Perhaps she vill dance." "In the ballet," sneered Mme. Hilary. "That's very likely, and she the daughter of the manager. I believe she will prove to have a sort of low soprano voice." "And vy ?" cried Signor Morino, who was announced in the bills to be a mezzo- soprano. "Because it is so easy," replied Mme. Hi- lary. "Almost all green young things have that kind of a voice." Here Van Tromp rolled in his baritone be- tween these two. "It matters not so much," said be, "what she will sing as what is her adjective." "For de beels. Yeas, dat is mohs eem- portanteh," said Signor Notti, with a troubled air. Signor Notti always had a troubled air. He cultivated it. He was one of those small tenors who appear in "Don Giovanni," where they are led about from scene to scene between Donna Anna and Elvira. He was not afraid that it would be said that the young woman was anything grazia, but he thought (in Italian) that the matter might as well be settled. "There are no adjectives left that I know of," said Mme. Hilary. " 'Talented,' 'bril- liant,' things about 'a fine organ,' and such terms as would suit a beginner are already in use. But I expect her mother will do something very good for her." "And so she ought," cried Mme. Gander- voort, who sang in the soprani chorus, and was married to the triangles and cymbals, or at least to the performer on those instruments. "An' so vould I eef I had von daughter and von koompany." Mme. Gandervort was a good woman. She always appeared before the foot-lights in a low-necked dress and red-heeled slippers, no matter what the rest of the costume might be ; and at home she wore black woollen stockings and washed dishes for five boys and a (sometimes very) triangular husband. "She sall call her figlia vot she sall pleeze, but she sall not say ze eminenteh mezzo- soprano from ze conservatoire uf Botzen,' remarked Signorina Morine. "I dont't think she'll be likely to want that," said Mme. Hilary ; "for I never be- lieved that there was any conservatory at Botzen. You ought to know Von Heins,' said she to a trombone-player, "for you came from that country. Is there a con- servatory at Botzen ?" "Hum !" said Von Heins, stroking his beard—"hum ! Conservatory at Botzen, hey ? Hum ! Anybody ought to know about dat.' "But eet ees not the conservatoire, eet ees the adjectif," said Signor Paulo, who had his eve upon the whitening countenance of the eminent Morie. "It is that she cannot have the 'favourite,' because they know her not at all, and besides the 'favourite,' is mine," said Laflip. "Perhaps they will give her 'most eminent,' " said Mme. Hilary. "They say that 'most eminent' will be all the rage this season.' "Eef zay do—" cried Signorina Morie ; and then she restrained herself. She knew her vocabularian weakness. "She may be a real soprano," said Amanda Hastings, of the contralto chorus, the firm ally and spasmodically paid dress maker of Mme. Hilary ; "and Mme. Sohn may let her go on as prima donna seconda. They do that sometimes." "They must have the very fine eye for the language if they do themselves say tast," remarked Laflip. "For me, I think her good mother will to her give the adjective of 'brilliant.' It if a good one for the beginners." "But what has become of my solos ?'' inquired the comet-a-pistonier, who had just got the drift of the conversation into his bald head. "Can anybody tell me that ?" and he glared around for information. No one answered him, but Mr. Sylvester, the basso- profundo, looked over the stove at Mme. Hilary and smiled. "I have several adjectives," said he, "and I never use but one of them at a time. She can have any one of them she may choose. How would 'thunderous debutante' sound?" Here Mr. Silvester smiled over the stove again, and everybody laughed, for the big basso-profundo was a great wit and might have been a buffo just as well as not, and played Leporello if he only could have seemed as funny on the stage as he did off of it. "Oh, you needn't all laugh so," said Amanda Hastings, "for there was a woman once with a bass voice, and she had a beard." "I propose," said Van Tromp, "that we give her the name of zusammenschlag, for I expect she is of inferior note." No notice was taken of this remark, for Van Tromp had not a reputation for bril- liancy. At this moment Mme. Sohn, the manager as well as the prima donna, of the troupe, make her appearance, accompanied by her daughter. Mme. Sohn was a tall dark woman, with a look about her mouth as if it would open very wide. She came in leading her daughter by the hand. Evidently there was to be a state introduction. The young lady had not the commanding presence of her mother. She was scraggy, and had unmanageable yellow hair. "Zounds !" said Mr. Sylvester, in a whis- per to Von Heins, "you could turn her up- side down and use her head for a horn mop." "Ladies and gentleman of my koompany," said Mme. Sohn, "thees is my daughter, Bertha Sohn. After this morning she will be von of us. For the last ten year my daughter hef led the or— At this moment a call-boy clutched the prima donna, and she stopped to scowl upon him. But on hearing his message she turned again to her audience. "Excuse me von minute," she said. "The traysurer sends for me. I am back right off away." And she swiftly left the room. For a moment the Franlein Sohn and her new acquaintances stared each other in the face, and then the young woman, abashed by so many strange and apparently frozen countenances, retired to a window, and with her back to the company, gazed out upon the busy scenes of a back street. "The skies !'' exclaimed Laflip, in an un- dertone of horror, "is it that she will lead the orchestra ?" "I have never heard of such a thing in all my born days," said Mme. Hilary, regarding the mop head at the window with a glance of astounded scorn. The first violin was a little man, and he stood in the middle of the floor aghast. He turned pale and green, like a man with a billions chill, and his long fingers clutched and unclutched like gnashing teeth. But he said never a word. He was a Pole, and his little English fled dismayed from his despair and horror. "Lead the orchestra !" exclaimed Amanda Hastings. "It's horrible. Like a Vienna woman !" Von Heins the trombone man, was a person of few words. He never spoke if he could help it, but he had a loud voice. And now he thundered out : "She shall never leat me ! Ven it kooms to that I vill take mine trombone to mine house, and I vill lift it up to mine room, and vill fill him with goon- powder and I vill blow him oop—bang ! She shall never leat me !" "Oh no, Von Heins," said Mr. Sylvester, "not gunpowder. That's not the stile nowa- days. Fill your trombone with nitro- glycerine, my good fellow that will blow it up much better.' "I tinks I can blow up mine own trombone mit vat I pleases, hey ? I vill blew him oop mit goonpowder myself. He is mine own. "But you wouldn't want to be behind the age would you ?" asked Sylvester. "I shall be behind what I pleases," cried Von Heins, "and she shall never leat me." In the meantime there was other sorrow than that of Von Heins. Mme. Gandervoort had her husband by both his hands, and tears stood in her eyes. "Dere vas a voman in Anspach," she faltered, "who led an orchestra mite a dryangle. Oh mine Herr, vot vil become of the little vons ?" Oh mine boys ! mine leetle poys, an' Hans mit de measles too." Here the door opened and Mme. Sohn re- entered. The green-room company instantly resumed the frozen look it wore when she left it, and the frowzy-headed daughter turned her face inward from the window. The prima donna had scarcely reached the middle of the room when the first violinist stepped before her. His despair had previously over- whelmed his English, and now the Polish was too much for his discretion. The language of Kosciusko sprang in veracious fragments from his mouth. But if he had poured a scuttle of coals down a waterspout it would have sounded just as much like talking to the prima donna. No one else understood a word he said, but with the exception of Mme. Sohn and her daughter, every person in the room knew he was saying, as he stood there with his pea-green face and his gnashing fingers, that be would never play under the leadership of that yellow-headed girl. No, he would pass away gradually by starvation, and his imitation Cremona should follow him to his lonely grave, but she—a girl—should never regulate his appogiature, his cadenze sospese, and his sprucciolari. "What does the man mean ?" asked Mme. Sohn. No one answered. What the first violin disguised in Polish they hid in silence. They were in a unit in regard to the rebellion. The poor Pole essayed to speak again, but the words, with theri sharp edges and corners, stuck fast in his throat. He turned on his heel, and with a sort of agonised foreign amble, he retreated to a corner. Receiving no answer to her question, Mme. Sohn, who was accustomed to the eccentricities of string genius, wisely let the subject drop and renamed her former discourse. "Ladees and gentlemen, ziz is mine daughter, Bertha Sohn. For the last ten years she haf led the orphan's life, alone in the natif villitche ver she vas born. She shall belong to my koompany, but she does not sing, and as Heinrich Jhackson is sick, she shall to day go under the stage to stomp mit de pale ven de commandant's ghost comes valking' on. Zat vill do for her to begin mit."—Harper's Bazaar. 