TRoveltet A STRANDED SHIP, A STORY OP SEA AND SHORE, BY L, CLARKE DAVIS. "If tlio rod alnycr Ihinlcs he slays, Or if tho amln thinks bo Is slain, ' Tliov know not well tlio anbtlo wayfl I Icoop, and pass, and turn again," RALPH WALDO EMERSON, (CONTINUED,) Now staggoringbonoath and mounting trium. phantly again to tho Burfaoo of tho wavos, rearing ana plunging like a liorso unused to goading and fooling whip and spur for tlio first time, tho yaoht sailed on; when, from tho wrecking- station, below aboniwhioh wrookors andlishermen had gathered inhasto to watoh the adventurous craft, a signal was ran up, " Make halfapointsouth," it said. Instantly thoynoht was squared away na indicated, whon, coming fall before tho wind, her jib-shoots woro torn'away ono by one, the top-sail shivered for a jnomont in the gale and then -was rippod out, and fluttorod away llko, a oloud; yet, all unmindful of the wreak above and below, tho man at tho holm kept her bow that half a point south, for thore lay the nar row inlet, dangerous and unoortain in fairest weather, as its breakors roared and broke, but now a desperate, almost a hopeless ohanoe. Margaret Daunton held the rrofossor'B nrm with a fiereb grip, " Will tho man make tin inlot ? " alio askod. " la ho suro to do it ? " "I don'tknow; it is a poor ohanoo," the Professor said, "But why more anxiety lor that handsomo, daring dovil at the helm than for the two or threo other men there, Mar garet ? " " Can you look at tho difforent men, and ask that ? lie stands oreot, head and shoulders above them all. From hero ypu can see tho coward-look in thoir. shrinking figures, but there is none in his. He is not careless o£ his lifo; he is bending every nerve and muscle to save himself and them, and yet, when ho will bo within a singlo momont.of his death, ho will not more cortainly look it in tho faoo than ho is doing now. Why should I not give my jaympathy to tho bravo man instead of to tho cowards there? " "Beoause, Mavgarofc, tlio oowarda thero may havo wiYOs and oliildren at homo; and that follow lia3 none, or ho -would give this Jea-shoro a wide berth," Then a cloud of susploion or doubt foil bo. fcweon thoso two that had never boon thorq bo*, foro, and they walked on down tha boa.oh to tha inlet in silenoo which neither oarod to disturb. Tho Profossor was aunoyad and Visxed by tho girl'B intorost in this stranger, who guided ljia boat among tho bceakors with fluolr freo' and sldlful daring; and Bho, too, wti>a annoyed that the Professor, always before mat and generous, should withhold any credit xrc^m tho bravo follow out'thoro, strugg ling so gi-andlv for lifo. Yot wuu.t could it matter to tho old Pro fessor for Whom she interested herself ? Woro not bis lovoa and roMnoes away bade thero among tho d&ad; Hollonio falilos ? He had said bo, yot the miin's heart beat uneasily when ho Baw this girl, wiijn he had grown to consider Jiisvery own byj every tio of gratitude and Affection, beatowijfig her sympathy and show ilng 4$op feeling Hi another, and that other a fltrauge?; dimly^eon as yot far out at sea. He b»d forgotten, in his annoyance at Margaret, to wfiteh tho oourso of tno yaoht, when a sharp Ary from her suddenly drew his attention to^the struggling boat. An ugly squall hadjstruelt her at an imminent mo mont, tearing out tho doolt fastenings, which held the Hiain-sail square away, and in an in stant itAyas flung aloft, caught by tha galo, and Wund about and around the pliant mast, whigK tent like steel. Top-sails and jibs and Jffiftttisail were gone, and nothing left but the jforesail now, which, in the flawy gale, threat* ^d momentarily to jibe, in whioh caBe all jprovfoua offorts would be rendered futile. But iiho biifjj-ooated sailor at the holm hold tho ilittlo vosa?l on her "oourso as undaunted as if ho ltnew every drop of water under him. Tho (roar and thunder of tho sujfwerotoo deep for . (those on shoro Jo hoar his voico, but from his, gestures they ltnew that ho was giving orders whioh were not obeyed by the demoralized crow. The yacht was o! twolyo feot boara, while tho entrance to tho inlet was barely twenty feet in all. So that even in ease the sailor's quick oye detected the very centre ol the channel, he wo.uld have scarcely lour feet of water on either gunwale. Captain Brown stood among his men, who, resting on the sides oE the life- boats, keonly watched the daring sailor, " She never ken make it, Cap'on Brown; el ho luffs, sh'll jibe, an' of he don't luff, that bit of canvas 'ill go by tho wind," said a smoky-Bkinned, wheiray. voiced old fellow at the Captain's side, "Well now, I don't know about that, William. Its'a oncortain. You see, that tfuyng fellow's peart, ho is, and lie's got truo ?grit;, iin' ho's plucky, an' ho's got a olear eye (an' a sj»ady, cool hand, an' ho wouldn't sur prise mo ii hp won, after all," the Captain /.Iwwled out, sdijtontiously; Tha yaoht had approaolied the mouth of (the soothing holl of tf)o breakers that already uprang nb hor bows and leaped upon hor deok, when she lurched to leeward, and hor fore-sail, which hithoito had stood tho fury of the gale unscathed, parted from boom to gaff, and ditootly was only a flaunting mass of ribbons in the wind. Tho life-boats wore hurriedly run down to the shoro, as .quickly manned, and a dozen brawny fishermen stood by, roady to launch them when the littlo craft struolc the bar. But she did not strike at all. She was suddenly put hard to windward, tho gale caught a few yards oi tho main-sail still'unfurled about the noak, she obeyed tho hand at tho helm, and v^Jjilo the eager orowd looked on and held lih# breath while a hundred soeonds might ibe tcflfc £>fl, tho yacht lifted up hor bow again, s3truokifcift« .crest of tho last defeated breaker, plunged wfc ?oso and plunged and roso, and £,ho next iu^t(y>t sailed quietly into tho emruftjod aurfaco.pf £ho river. Without any scorning frasto or oxcitemont she was battened down-; after somo trunks and baggage -were brought up from below, her shattered sails were iunled, her figging out away, hor deolta oloarecl, her yawl was laun ched, the luggago stowed into It, and then the. orew and the bluo-ooatod sailor landed, He was mot by the wreoking.mastor, who oxtended his brawny hand in token of wel come and fellowship for the old fellow had been a Bailor bofore the other wiis born. " Thanks for your timely signal, Captain, The little Argo would soarooly have brought us safely to shore without it; and in that oaso the goldon flcoco would have been alto, gether lost to me, I am afraid." " I dunno about that fleeee, Oap'en, but I do know you've just Bavod your bacon, and. although I say it to your face, whioh f shouln't, you're a brave fellow, and I'd like to shake hands agon if you don't mind it; also, while you're hero, I'd like it mightily if you'd make my house your own, just to stay at or come and so to. as. you liko: a bed's better nor a hammock any time, ana similarly,.dry land better nor water; but," said the Gap-' tain, "why in thunaor aid you, a peart enough sailor, as I've seen to-day, run onto a lee-shore in a nor'-easter? " " The last thing first, then, Captain. The yacht lias settled six inones Blnoe she crossed that last breaker; that strained and ham mered lier to doath; but she was sinking be fore tho gale came on, and I ran on a lea-shore, thinking only of beaohing Ifor as a desper ate olianoe for life; just then I saw your inlet here, made for it, and got my oourse by your signal, and here I am, and there's my hand, and I will talco your bed, and again a thou sand thanks to you for my safety." " You ought to thank God for it, young man; for when the sea rose up to swallow you alive, it was His hand, not mine, that parted tho waters and delivered you." "I do thank God," tho sailor said, "With all my heart, my friend) ana Something just then blanohed the brcrYO young fellow's faoe -whiter than the threatened death out thoro had done, What was it? "What had stopped the ready current of hia talk, out ting short his spcooh ? What was it that made his hand tremble up to lifa moutli in that weak, uncertain way ? Not anything in tlio old Captain's raannor s not the soft, brown eves ot the girl, timidly bont upon him; not the quiet, controlled eyes ot the man on whose arm she loaned. Yet, for a hurried moment, ho was cowed, as no mere physical danger oould have done; ho soomed to the girl to liavo suddonly lost his height of stature and bravory of bearing; to shrink and tremble before the man at her side. She looked alternately into their faees for an answer to his curious bohavlour; but when she turned to tho Professor, the usual gravo, retloont amilo was on his lips, and if tho two men had ever mot boforo, tnoru was no' sign of it in tho,Professor's eyes, which looked dully into tho ovea of the sailor, absent of moanlna or recognition, Whon, still porploxed at the unsolved riddle, sho turned again to the other man, ho was shaking lianas gayly enough with tho old wreoklng-maator j thon "ho gave some direc tions quietly and coolly to his orew about his luggage ana the sinking yaoht. His faoe was turned fully toward hor, and she notiaod that the pallor and fright woro gone from it; that his manner was easy and pos sessed ; that, as ho looked toward her, tnero was a bright, boyish smile in his oyos; and whon Oaptain Brown presented Mr. Luke CJonnor lxpr and tho Professor, tho two men gravely, saluted oaah other after tho fashion of gontlomen, and sho notioed tho bits of talk suocoeding had nothing different in thorn from other bits of talk likely to ohanee be tween two intelligent persons when intro duced to eaoh other. "Wo must' congratulate you cto your dseapo," tho Professor said, " Your yoasel ia sinking, I think you told the Captain." " Yea, she leaked badly before, but that last thumping alio got in the inlet waa too muoh ^or her. She will bo gone in an hour, if sho ia not aire, \y aground." " {Then," aaid Margaret, her rare, sweet smile mocking the uravely apoken worda, " I am afraid tho muctem Jaaon will have nil the dangora of tho voyage and purauit, without finding tho troaauro he seeks," Luke Connor lookod far out to aca as tho girl stopped speaking, as if ho weighed the dangora he had passed, before ho answered her. " I am not so aura of that," he said presently, " Tho god's of to-day, I fancy, aro aB vigilant and strong as those older ones j indeed, I am not sure they aro not tho same, and who knows that they did not send the Now Argo thero, to this Blioro, knowing that here tho modern Jason might find what he sought ? Adventurers aro sailing to-day over every soa in search of it; one is hunting it in tho mines of California or Australia, another in India or Japan, but ovorybody is hunting it some where, I think tho golden fleooo of to-day is only anothor namo for happiness, and I am as likely to find it liera as elsewhero." Tho man's voioo had grown low and solemn and prophotio, and tho girl, notioing his ohanged mannor, looked at him ouriously, If then ho had given ono bold glanoo infr the puro brown oyes before him, or had dared to oast a single admiring look a\ her, or at tho bright masses' of the golden hair, waving so luxuriantly about her nook and faoe, sho would have oaught the hidden aenso of his meaning, and if she had, she would havo avoided him forever after, But his eyes did not orioo meet hers, thoy boing still bent far out at sea; and the girl, too simple and true to be suspioioua or to tako alarm, only simply wondered whoro, among tho melancholy grovos of that grim shore; the golden prisso might hang, But tho Professor, quloltor of thought than she, and mora suspicious too, knew that Mar. garet had curiously attracted Luke Connor, and that tha tawny hair floating about her form typified to the reckless sailor Jaaon's fab led fleeao, Tho Argo had settled at flood tide, but her deok still showed abovo tho surface of thfl shallow rivor, " Shelioa safe enoqgh thore," Luke said. " If yo'u think' hor traps worth the trouble, she is yours to dismantle, Captain Brown, hut her hull is sprained and thumped to pieces," He loolcod baok regretfully at the sunken wrook. They had been good,friends together, the man ana his' boat. If, as be said, the golden ? fleeao was only another name fqr happiness, he had sought that in many places in his yacht. They had shared a good many dangers, lived true, bravo lives together, atrug. gling and wrestling with tompest and sea, and now tho old Argo lay thore in that holo of a river, sunk and wortnloss. It had been a hotter Ufa than any he knew on shore, That was a lever of dissipation, a round o£ pleasure that was unwholesome and vile, The ogly lore he knew there was the love that ho had bought, The lips that kissed the puro brow of J?ayoho, had kissed no pure lips sinoe; the hand made bloody pn that long-ago com raonooment night had never beep clew again, he morbidly lanoied,, Yet in every hour of this man's plunges into vioe and vrotohecj ness, his true, nobler self cried ont for some thing better-for tho swoet, manly life ho had onoe known-for friendship and love, But he know that men looked ooldly on him; that fathers of pure girls novo? asked him to their houses j that, mixed with tho sinoerost interest men ever showed him, there was more than one half morbid curiosity, He knew, when he met his former friends face to faeo, that it they noticed him at all, which few did, they were quietly wondering, as thpy passed on thoif opposite way, how a murderer must feol; what must be tho daily lifo of a man who has osoapod hanging, or what distempered fancies of the murdored viotim tortured hi® by night, If ho oould havo nnsworcd them at all, ho would have said that ho thought of boind hanged, that no ghost of tho doad man who had wronged his sister, over came to him by day or night. But while no ghost ever haunted him, sleeping or waking, tho awful orimo of which his BOUI stood guilty was like a second self, clinging close as his skin, urg ing him forever into tho Lethe of riot and dis sipation. Ho only lived to forgot, to got rid for awhile of himself; and tho pity of it all was, that under the orust of vice that was on it, there was a true, manly, noble self, full of generous impulses, oapable of heroio aohiovo monts, worthy of good men's honor and affeotioHate regard; but indeod it was true, he had buried it all very deep, so that men wont 'on remembering his orime, after thoy should have forgiven and forgotten the actors in it. Wliilo the men whom ha had known in that old, happier time placed a gulf, impossible to bridge over, between him and them, it was curious that womon and little children, with their puro, unerring instincts, came olose to and loved ffio man. It might have beon partly, his genuine, hearty manner, or hiB superb beauty, alive and magnetic with health and strength, or his free thought and free speeoh that beguiled them and won their hearts; but whatever it waB women and olill dron had been very tender of his faults and loving of Luko Oonnor. As he walked bosido Margaret Daunton from the beaoh to the farm-house, his in stincts telling him how puro and gentle a. woman Bhe was, his senso showing him how beautiful and intelligent she was, ho felt as he had never done before; his crime weighed heavily upon him, and ho knew with deadly certainty that the once sweet waters of life that he had muddled, he must drink to the end 5 that a pure woman, saintly in thought and deed, was not for him to gather to his breast. Other mon, with olean hands and un sullied namo, might etflvo to win, and somo one marry her; but ho nlono wns shut out and undor tho ban, In that same hour, if tlio old Arga, lying a spnkon, worthless wreak in tho rivor thero, oould liftvo been made seaworthy again, ho would have plunged oneo moro into the breakers with her, no matter how tho bar threatened, nor what storms prevailed or wlhds blew. Better the sudden death out yonder, than to livo to bear this girl's ro. proaoh. It was not that she had already bo. oorne essential to him, but it was natural that a man out off from white bread for many long years, should loathe the blaok loat for ever lield to hia lips, and hunger for the other; or that a barefooted beggar, passing tho boundaries of a fair domain, should pause for a while to bohold how fair it was, and then to wish that tho title to, it should be made clear to him and his hoirs forover; especially natural would it seom it the bog gar's tastes fitted him to enjoy suoh an estate. Ho, Luke Connor,' was tho man who had oaten only of tho blaok bread of bought, vioious pleasures, whose nature cried out hun grily for better food; he w.as the barefooted beggar, gazing ovor tho wall of a beautiful domain, whose fruitful acres ptretohed away to tho sea and sky-lino-a wall which lio might nevor cross, lest tho ory ol the keeper be raiaod. against him, and ho bo huntod down. Ho folk that ho was not a man while ho could not say to this girl's motlior, " Give mo your ohild, {or I love hor." Other men might go to her, telling tho reverontial love they felt, but ho nover might, Ho oould never do that? his hands wero moody 5 and if it were right for the State, or Justioe, to tako lifo at all, he had no right to his lifo evon, It had been saved, and tho State, or Justioe, cheated out of it by a quib ble, a lawyor'a shrewd oloquonoe, or tho whim of a soft-hearted jury; so ho felt that he bore his life even under a false pretence, and that it had been forfeited long ago. Yet no man loved life bottor .than ho loved his. It was sweet and good to him from the rising to' tho sotting of tho nun; and no man would havo fought more desperately to pxoservo it, if a struggle oamo. . Cut it could never bo a man's full life, ho thought, unloaa ho might love ancl marry as other men oould. He know the danger before him when It was only an hour old, bat he did ijot flee from it, Let tho surly keeper oorae, ho said; Jut ho would first soo tho beautiful flolds, too long, dim paths, tho friendly shadows of tho trees, smell the fragrance of tho flowers and hoar tho songs of birds and plaBh of fountains. Let the keepor come ; the beggar would have olimbed tho wall and soen with his own eyes how broad and fair tho landsoapo was, and as he was turned out again to wander over the rough highways, eating his black bread, what ho had soon and heard would bo a pleas* ant and happy memory to him forevor. So, Luko Connor resolved tfi linger for a day or, two, with tho beautiful woman, undor tho old wrooking-master's roof, and then ho would go bao!( to tho lovo that oould bo bought and ploasuros that bury self and bring forgetful* noBB. But he never would forgot, that ho had soen Margarot Daunton, and that, for a day or two, he had stood up before her, ao counted worthy of lior regard and honor. But ho did not go aftor a day or two, nor yot aftor many days. He, too, after- long, rough yoars, sat down by the sweet waters and ato of tho blissful lotus, whloh brought droamful oasa ajid forgotfulnoss of orimo and trouble. Ho sont to town to have hla horses brought down, he discarded his sailor's suit, and robod himself bravely, as a man does who wishes to appoar at his best in tho eyes of the woman ho loves, The Btory of that old farm-house was re peating itseU at every watering- place,-large and small, along the wliolo Atlantic coast, and at every summer retreat in mountain or valley, Tho old, old story, forever beautiful and new, of two pooplo of opposite sex, coming directly to believe that " all for love, and the world woll lost" is the only true religion, Margaret Daunton and Luke Con nor had learned that faith on the sands, that day by the soa, I think; but then they only saw, as in a glass, darkly; and now, after these many days of ridos and walks and sun set wandorings they would have died at tho stalco for it, bravely as any bigot of tho olden time for bis hiaher oreed. This w$s «|1 yory bqid for the grave old ProfesBor indeed. Be had made a terrible mistake of it, It ho had only, in those old days at home, boen loss blind, less devoted to his stupid books, loss interested in his Groek poetry and Golloge duties} if he had only loved his Hellenfo heroines loss, and oared inoro IoV the beautiful, loving girl whom his stupid affection Galled sister I But he had boon so secure in his possession of the yelloW'lmired little girl that ho had been in no hurry to fall in love with and marry hor, Thoro, at hqrao, his doar old mothor played liouso-dog, pooping wtjtoh ancl ward at the gato, driving all poaohors away; but here, in this Bummer holiday, oame this barefooted beggar, Luke Connor, claiming the fair domain, and making out a good title to it, too, {To bo continued,) 