wksLEYAN CONFERENCE. The opening meeting of the annual Con ference of the Wesleyan Methodist Church was held in the Pirie-Btreet Church on Wed nesday evening, January 17. A prayer meet ing was followed by a public gathering, at which the following delegates were present : —The Revs. R. S. Casely (retiring president of the Conference, in the chair), J. Bickford, T. Raston, C. Lane, T. O. Laurance, T. TJovd. S. Knieht. G. W. Patchell. ALA.. U. T. Burgess, C. H. Goldsmith, J. Allen, T. Edmeades, J. B. Stephenson, A. Stubbs, D. S. Wylie, R. M. Hunter, C. T. Newman, J. Y. Simpson, J. Haslam, J. Nicholson, B. G. Edwards, D. O'Donnell, J. Read, P. C. Thomas, R. W. Campbell, W. B. Mather, J. H. Trevorrow, A. J. Bogle, W. H. Rofe, T. M. Rowe, W. T. Carter, R. Kelly, W. Reed, S. F. Prior, W. A. Langs ford, H. H. Teague, T. E. Thomas, ALA., J. GiUingham, W. LL Hanton, J. Watts, J. N. Mills, S. S. Moncrieff, J. Blight, T. B. Angwin, M. A., W. A. Bainger, J. Blanket, J. H. Goss, 1. Perry, G. E. Rowe, J. P. Chapman, G. Hall, J. Nairn, and J. H. Hadley. The Chairman- delivered the following address : — Dear brethren—It has been customary for the president, when retiring from this chair, to address a few words to the Con ference, and briefly to review the labors of the year. The ex-president ^Mr. Stephenson) did this twelve months since in an interesting and more than usually exhaustive manner. I would personally have preferred to follow the example of my predecessors in this particular, but last Conference decided 'That the presi dent, on the eve of vacating the chair, shall deliver an annual address/' .The resolution is not very clearly expressed, but I assume it to mean that in addition to the usual review of the work in which as a church we have engaged, I should add a few remarks on some things to which the work of the year has called' atten tion, and which may here be publicly stated. | I must, however, say that whatever I may j advance must be accepted as conveying only opinions for which I am solely responsible ; and which in part, or altogether, the Confer ence may accept or disapprove. I would mention with gratitude the kindness of the brethren with most of whom I have officially had more or less to do, and I wish particularly to acknowledge the help in various directions the ex-president has always generously, kindly, and readily given. There have been occasions when it has been particularly valuable. I purpose now briefly to look back on what has been done by us during the past year, and to offer two or three suggestions that I think will be in place on this occasion. Our review of the Methodistic year must bring before us facts both respecting material and spiritual things that are highly gratify ing. So far as results can be tabulated, I ques tion whether |in any former year we have had more abundant evidence of progress. I refer first to building operations, fn Pirie-etreet, Archer-street, Kent Town, and Glenelg cir- ' cuits. then in Kooringa, Moonta, and Kadina, ! we have undertaken work, and in most in- j stances have now about completed it, that has | involved very considerable outlay. Taken altogether, and including the cost of the ; enlargement of Prince Alfred College, \ 1 suppose the outlay has been above '= rather than under £17,000. I do not say i this large sum of money has been raised, ? but in most cases what is regarded as a fair ; proportion of it has. In each instance, I ! think, the buildings erected have been much ! needed, and our trustees have acted with prudence, and yet with laudable enterprise, j There has sIbo been in many circuits a gradual I reduction of trust debt. In this respect we are year by year improving our position, so that some burdens once very oppressive have been j greatly reduced. There are one or two in- j stances of this kind of a very gratifying i nature. Our conncxional funds have been well sustained. Without the help of our home mission and contingent fund we should be unable to continue our labors in some circuits, and in others should be greatly crippled; but this year we had such a total of income at our disposal as enabled us to meet all our pressing claims, and some of them with a degree of liberality that both surprised and encouraged the recipients. We have circuits where the financial difficulties are likely to continue for some time yet, and in the usual course of things we shall require assistance for those that will be called on to provide houses for ministers who soon will enter upon 'full connexion.' I mention this that the necessity for well sustained effort in support of connexional funds may be understood. Our home mission fund must be generously and yet very wisely ad ministered. On the one hand we must cheerfully help the weak, and those circuits coping' with nearly1 : 'difficulties or struggling in arrears where the harvests are poor ; on the jother hand we must strive to avoid pauperising any one place, or of encou raging by our own gifts a dependence on home mission fund support, whilst efforts toward development and in the direction of indepen dence are neglected. We have during the year obtained two young brethren from England; one has been sent to Western Australia, the other into the Northern district. Wenarasent homealsofortwo others. I'our candidates passed the Southern district meeting, and are recommended as proba tioners to this Conference ; and the names of two or three who seek a place in our ministry will come before you at the proper time. Requests for ministers will be laid before Conference from several circuits, and if it is held to be desirable to meet each call and to receive each applicant our ability to supply will, I think, be quite equal to the demand. It is with great pleasure I state that our in- I crease of members is unusually large, and it ! is satisfactory to find upon an examination j of the returns the progress thus indicated is ! safe and reliable. For this we give prayer ful, heartfelt thanks to Almighty God. We find also that old-fashioned Methodist agen cies — the methods our fathers before us adopted — are still, with God's blessing, effec tive. We neither require sensational efforts, nor altered organisation, nor new doctrines to enable us to secure the conversion of men. Old Methodism well worked, the old gospel .faithfully, earnestly preached, the power of the Holy Ghost working through godly, prayeilul men is all we need — is all we seek. We shall, however, all agree in this — that it is very often necessary to ' compel' men to come from the highway and hedges to the gospel feast. Mr. Wesley went among the masses and preached to them ; our fathers made use of cottage and outioor services in order to reach. the unsaved ; and we know it to be necessary now, in order to succeed, that we should be diligent in eeason and out of season. If there are to be found waters in which no other fishermen are toiling, there we must cast our net, and rest not till we draw the fish to the shore. There are no better examples of successful workers than Methodism has had and still employs. Towards those who aim at something sensa tional or novel, who try new plans, who decorate their workers in ribbon or in brass, I have nothing but what is friendly to say. So far as they are doing God's work I rejoice : if in some things they fail, I am not sur prised, yet I do not censure ; but for our selves I repeat I believe we want no change in doctrine, in organisation, in methods; but we do want vigor everywhere — the living energy of divine love, and a sense of personal responsibility to God that will make us diligent in duty even where no human super vision can come. ' As to membership I think it will be appropriate here and now to refer to an oft repeated fact that probably has given us each in turn cause to regret. It is not at all an unusual thing for those who have been members with us perhaps for years to most unceremoniously withdraw from the fellow ship of our church. It is very rarely such persons mention the matter to the minister of the circuit ; in some cases the leader of theclass is not only not consulted, but is not informed of the fact at all. The slightest little un pleasantness is held to be sufficient excuse for such a course. Some fancied offence, some imagined slight on the part of leading mem bers, some trifling grievance, real or supposed, is enough to cause wounded pride, and then withdrawal from our ranks. In other cases it is some novelty in the religious world that charms them away ; a new division springs into existence, a new minister comes to the front, the chance of prominent position else where dazzles, and away go those who owe their little all of spiritual gain to Methodism. And by these Methodism is always afterward held as to blame for the step they have taken. The ministers, or the members are at fault, or else the form of church government is defective. The spiritual lif e is too feeble for them, or the means of doing good arc too restricted. The fault is never with themselves, but always with some other. Yet are we wholly without excuse for much of this? I fear not. That men leave our church for very much less reason than they would. leave a Rechabite club or an Odd fellows' lodge perhaps in part arises from the fact that to enter or leave our societies is far too easily accomplished, and we I think too seldom set forth in our preaching the serious ness both such acts demand. The obliga tions of membership are not understood. With many who leave us there is no sense of bond in church fellowship ; no sense of - the claims gratitude should awaken, or of the family tie all churches re cognise. They have no perception of the sacrcdncss of such relations, and we do not ficquently insist on these particulars. Some treat lightly, because they know no better how to act. their union with the people of God, that should never be dis turbed without strong reason, and then only with prayerful dcliberatcncss. Dr. Cave in his 'Primitive Christianity' cays, speaking of the carl}' Christians :— 'Within themselves they maintained the rnoBt admirable, peace and harmony, and wctc of one heart and soul. Thev lived in the strictest amity, and abhorred all division as a plague and firebrand.' And Mr. Wesley, writing on this subject, says :— 'To separate ourselves from a body of living Christians, with whom we were before united, is a grievous breach of the law of love. The pretences for separation may be innumerable, but want of love is always the real cause.' On this important question there is much reason that we should speak with fidelity. Possibly our leaders are not careful enough in this matter ; in writing up quarterly the names of the members in the class-book, it is very easy indeed to drop a name from the lists, and to heed not an act so likely to be followed by serious results. By such an easy omission men are, so far as we are concerned, shut out of our church, and in time they are forgotten. I hold that no leader is justified in doing this. If what is practically the expulsion of a member is resolved on, it should, after due care, be the act of the pastor of the church, who must himself be responsible to the great head of the church for so solemn and grave an act. 'The power of admission into the church, of reproof, of exhortation, and of excision from it, subject to various guards against abuses, is inthe pastors of achurch.' I venturealsotoadd that we have those worshipping constantly with us, generously supporting our institutions, and living Christian lives, who are members of Christ's church, but who arc not recog nised as members in our branch of it. What ever may be the reason that hinders their closer nnion with us, we owe them pastoral care, and that watchfulness over their spiri tual concerns our relation to them clearly demands. 1 know that we have by the pre paration of a form of service for the ad mission of members sought to lessen the evil I speak of ; but we have not by any means generally adopted it, and I fear our people are not educated to see the- aecessity and the wisdom of demanding it. x turn now ror a moment to a second point, bearing on the duties pertaining to our office, and which, Ithink, is somewhat neglected by us. I am not alone in the opinion that we, neither in our private studies nor in preach ing, give sufficient thought nor prominence to our theology. I will mention some of the fact3 my own experience furnishes that justify .this view. I find very few among the senior scholars in our Sunday-schools who readily answer questions on theological subjects. Young men come up as candidates for our ministry after having been in some cases local preachers for two or three years, and the repues they give in their examinations are often nothing more than disclosures of the little they know of the questions treated. Indeed, 1 think we sometimes find at the end of four years' probation that the know ledge gained is scanty and superficial. It is sometimes pleaded that nervousness on such occasions unfit men for their exami nations, but often nervousness is only another term for impreparcdness.* A man fully conversant with any subject — one who understands it thoroughly — will not fear being questioned upon it. Does it not frequently follow that theological studies are set aside when the final examination is passed V Then, if I mistake not, there is little of decidedly doctrinal preaching heard from our pulpits. I do not mean that doctrinal religion is not taught, but it is seldom distinctively, perhaps never systema tically presented. The cause is not hard to trace. Our itinerant system is charged with the blame. If we are to blame ; if it is, as I think, a blemish — then I urge tliat like many an excuse we make it is only a very little better than having no excuse at all. It is urged against the teachers among the Salvation Army that their theology, so far as it is taught at all, is very uncertain and hazy, and that in carrying on their great work men ore moved more by appeals to their emotional natures than through facts that should also sway the judg ment. Even if the indictment is true, those at the head of that work may plead that they have mainly to do with men iu such a moral condition that through the heart rather than the head they can alone succeed. I hold that both heart and head need to be appealed to and to be cultured. If we are to develop true Christian manhood men must learn to digest strong meat as well as the milk the babes require. In the early days of Metho dism both preachers and people were far more polemic than we arc. They held and taught doctrines then, by some noted men, regarded as unscriptural ; charges were hurled at them by antago nists who were not always very courteous in their style, even if they were not unjust in their charges. Doubtless they sometimes found in Methodism a mode of reply noc much unlike their own attack. I quote an instance our own Mr. Christophers gives relating to the doctrinal strife between the disciples of such teachers as the late Dr. Hawker, of Plymouth, and their Armenian opponents. He says : — ' The face of one old Armenian is still remembered in the West o£ England — one who was always apt at argument, but who was inexhaustible too, inhis use of sarcasm where argument seemed to be fruitless. He was aeon one Sunday morning just outside the door of the Calvanist Chapel bending over the margin of a filthy pool. As the congregation came out he was, in the act of stirring up the stagnant water with a long stick. 'What are you looking for V said his theological antagonist, as they gathered round him. ' I am searching, ' said he, without look ing up, but still starring up the mud, ' I am searching tfor the eternal decrees.' ' But the theology Mr. Wesley taught stands to-day in his sermons so clearly expressed, so in accord with Scriptural teaching that we cannot im prove it. We do not feel that wcare hampered by it— to-day we cordially, intelligently accept it. Mr. Wesley's logic and Mr. Fletcher's clearness and sweetness more than sufficed to enable early Methodists to hold their ground against all comers. But they and many who followed truly, studiously 'gave heed to doctrine.' I readily admit that on many doctrinal questions there is more of general agreement among the churoBcs now than there was in the days to which I refer. But we are not to teach doctrine merely to show the nature of our views, but that men may be ' built up with truth, to possess clear Scriptural teaching, and to understand 'sound words.' It is the practical bearing of this I chiefly seek to enforce, and which we must try to weave into the web and woof of life. Perhaps in some measure the manner in which membership is regarded partly arises from the lack of scriptural knowledge. ' Not unfrequently it is said, as though 'twere charitable so to speak of the churches — ' Ah, well, we are all going one way,' as though the doctrinal opinions that divide us were of no importance. Then others sneer at creeds, and urge ' so that a man loves God it docs not matter what he believes.' Of course love to God is all-important, but there may be God-loving Mormons, with an other wise abhorrent theology. There may be a God-loving Unitarian holding some viewa I should dread to see become popular. Pro fessedly religious men have held doctrines under the sanction of which they have done cruel deeds, and have acted generally as men fit rather for the asylum or the prison cell than for a place among sober persons. We need to give heed to doctrine. Though I think we should clearly set forth doctrinal subjects from the pulpit, I do not urge that we should preach in a controversial manner or tone. Whilst we should declare that which we do most certainly believe, we need not be anxious to state all that is said against the views we hold. We do not stand in the pulpit to show how utterly weak those who differ from us are in our estimate, or to exhibit our skill as logical athletes. To carncetly, and if possible convincingly, set forth truth is far more important than to prove another unorthodox. To speak with the force conviction supplies is better than to raise a doubt even though we may prove its error. To knock down an old shanty because for sanitary reasons it is desirable to do so may be a wise step, but it requires far more skill, and it is far higher work to rear up a palace, or a noble hall. I urge we have not so much to do in the way of demoli tion as in laying good foundations, and then building thereon with 'gold, and silver, and precious stones. ?- We sometimes kick dead dogs rather than nourish the lamba. We ' meditate among the tombs' when we might be better engaged in feeding the hungry. We learn with pleasure that the British Con ference has issued lately a new edition of the 'Catechism,' which undoubtedly is an excel lent manual, and a great improvement on its predecessor. Still, what is it more than index of the subject of which it treats ? Tae teachers of our schools will be far wiser men if they carefully study it, but my conviction is that we should assist them in this direction ; that we should amplify it by addresses or by lectures on the subjects taught, and in some « degree help them to understand how vast and how important the truths are we are sup posed most firmly to believe. While thus stating my case I may mention a wish not unfrequently expressed by my brethren, namely, ttiat we had it in our power to secure and support a theological tutor for the young men who offer for our ministry. Sooner or later we must accomplish this, and the sooner the better. So far as we can, we must see to it that we send them to their life's mission fully equipped for the highest as well as the hardest service ; and as a rule it will, 1 be lieve, l-e found to be far better for us to train our own young men than to obtain them from England. Tho greatest gift God could bestow upon us would be young men of talent, of zeal, of enterprise, of spotless cha racter and unquestionable piety. Then if we can give them adequate theological and literary culture they will repay us a hundred fold, and, by God's blessing, carry to multi tudes around the salvation of the Gospel. I 'venture to add* just one remark more. I see year by year how increasingly nece3sary it ia that we should seek by all possible maans to increase the staff of onr local preachers. South Australian Methodism has in its local preachers' ranks some most able aad very worthy men. They have rendered an incal culable service to our church ; but to many of them is gradually, surely coming the infirmi ties years brine. T,hcy have not lost their zeal — perhaps they are better preachers to day than they ?ever were— but in several in stances the day is far spent, and honored and honorable toil awaits its sure rcirard. We are not, however, increasing our staff . as our growing demands require; it is very difficult indeed to fill our pulpits in some of our circuits, and with paucity of laborers, to open new ground is in many cases a discouraging task. I think it is binding on us to encourage any possessing suitable abilities who may be known to us to unite in this service Jof preaching the gospel. There arc some who could well conduct public worship, but who do not feel themselves able to preach an extempore sermon ; I think these should be asked to read the published sermons that set forth our views. In thisr way they could greatly assist us. Brethren, you are all aware that spheres of labor are always open to us, and if we are ready to seek, and to encourage those who arc in some degree qualified to help us, we shall be able to send both wide and far the mes sage of the GospeL I think in all cur work of evangelisation we must 'hasten slowly,' but we must strive to do what weare clearly called to, 'with our might,' till the shadows of evening lead to the darkness that will soon, very soon, end our day of toil. I need hardly say that in closing this address, I well nigb. complete my official duties, and I aha 11 leave the chair this evening grateful to my brethren for all their kindness to me, grateful for all the success we can speak of, grateful to Al mighty God for many, very many undeserved mercies, and convinced that before us is work angels might covet to engage in, and which we must heartily enter on with clean hands and a pure heart. — A ballot was then taken for the election of a president, and it resulted in the Rev. James Bickford being elected by a majority of twenty-two votes. The Ciiaikm ax said there was no one in the Conference to whom he gave up his seat as president with so much Eleasure as he did to Mr. Bickford, and he oped that during the rev. gentleman's term of office much greater prosperity than they bad ever previously experienced would result. The President 15le-t, who was received with loud and continued ap plause, said he had no idea a few moments ago that he would have been elected to the office of president by so large a majority, although he had been informed that possibly he might be elected to take the chair. He would not like to regard the vote which had just been taken exactly as an ex pression of their confidence. He thought he had had their confidence for a number of years. He believed he had possessed the con fidence of his brother ministers for forty-five years, and he was sure he had had the con fidence of his brethren in South Australia ever since he had been in the colony. (Ap plause.) It had been suggested to him a little time since that possibly a vote of the kind just recorded might be given him for the pur pose of recognising any little service he might have rendered to the church since he returned from England. (Hear, hear.) He rather, therefore, regarded this vote of theirs as a recognition of those services— certainly the best services he could render — first of all in the Kooringa circuit, and during the lost two years at the Port. He had reason, and he wished to make that remark very distinctly, to thank his brothers for having in his absence from the colony appointed him to the Kooringa circuit. (Applause.) He did not think 8,0 perhaps at first, but he felt that possibly God had a work for him to do, and he went to do it. He might be excused if he referred shortly to liis experiences in connection with the two circuits he had named. About fifteen months ago— and he referred to this with all proper humility — he certainly did receive in connection with the special work at the Burra a larger and more abundant blessing of the Holy Ghost than he ever experienced before. He had lost none of that. He had felt its improvement, its blessing, and its grace, all the time he had been at the Port and he thought if ithadnotbeenfor that anointing of God's Spirit, he would hardly have ven tured to take the chair that night to preside over, that most respectable, and he might say, blessed assemblage of Christian people. ( Ap- plause.) There were two or three things that he wished to say to them. The first was that he was a most devout believer in those doc trines to which the ex-president had referred. He hod studied them closely, he had preached them faithfully, and should do so, he had no doubt, to the very day of his death. (Ap plause.) He thought also he had been able to manifest some knowledge of discipline, and he was sure he had always manifested loyalty to the Conference. (Applause.) It was not expected cf bim that he should deliver a long speech after the lengthy and able address they had heard from the ex-president. Next year if he were spared he would doubt less give an address of the same kind. He would like to &ay; what a gratification it was to him that night, in his old circuit in Piric street, to see such a large assembly of God's faithful people ; and he asked the prayers of those present from day to day that the labors of the Conference might be attended with beneficial results. In conclusion he hoped he would as president give satisfaction to the members of the Conference, and he earnestly trusted that the coming year would be the most prosperous they had yet known. (Loud applause.) The Rev. R. M. Hunter was re-elected secretary to the Conference, and in returning thanks he briefly felicitated the president on his election. The Revs. J. Y. Simpson and A. Stubb were chosen assistant secretaries, and the Rev. G. W. Patchell letter-writer. The Rev. J. B. Stephensoit proposed — ' That the hearty thanks of the Conference be presented to the ex-president (the Rev. R. S. Casely) for his diligent, courteous, and faithful discharge of the onerous duties of the presidency during the past year.' In sub mitting the motion he congratulated the president-elect on his occupying for the third time the position of president of a Wesleyan Conference, and remarked that in all his relations with Mr. Bickford he had learnt to respect, to trust, and to love him. As to the ex-president the motion represented to the full his thoughts. Mr. Casely had been most dilligent in carrying out the duties of his office. Indeed so indefatigable had he been that he (Mr. Stephenson) was afraid he would have had undone all the good which had re sulted from his trip to the old country. The Rev. S. Knight seconded the motion in eulo gistic terms, also taking occasion to refer in glowing terms to the services rendered by Mr. Casely during the past year. The motion having been supported by several ministers it was put and carried unanimously. The CiiAiK3iAir presented Mr. Casely with a copy of the Holy Scriptures, and Mr. Caselv suitably responded. Other votes, of thanks were passed, and further business of a formal character having been transacted the proceedings were ad journed until the next day. 