The fact that the Protestant Churches with one accord have agreed to celebrate the fourth centenary of Martin Luther's birth is too reinarlcablo to be lightly passed over. The world is chary of tho honors which it accords to its great men, and this century abovo all others is dis posed to regard the claims of prophets to veneration with indifference. Have we not seen ono after another rise and disappear ; and is not the tide of mofern thought ebbing faster and faster away from the old anchorages ? Nevertheless, this centenary is the first in which tho followers of Luther can point to his work as having borne the test of time. In 15 S3 the Heformation seemed to be falling hack everywhere but in Great Britain. It3 great leaders had passed away ; it was losing ground in Austria aud France, it was almost trampled out in Holland, and its very existence seemed to be bound up with Eli abeth's life in England. In 1GS3 tho situation was even worse. The Thirty Years' War had left Protestant Germany paralysed. The dragonnades had begun in. France, and tbo revolution of the Edictof Nantes was to be the work of tho next year. In England the Xing was a secret Catholic, and the heir to the throne au avowed one. Holland was the ono Protestant power, and Holland had barely escaped absorption by France. In 17S3 the sky was a little brighter. The growth of Frnssia to be a State of the second order had been accepted all the world ovor as a Protestant triumph, and England was. now a powor of the first class, under a royal line forbidden to change their faith. Nevertheless, if a census, of the religious world had been taken at this time Catholics would un doubtedly have numbered three to one against Protestants. Since then Catho- 1 licism has been stationary or retrogressive, j and .Protestantism has been steadily ad- ; vancing. Prussia has expanded into North Germany ; the United States have risen from a cluster of colonies to bo a great federal republic with 50,000,000 inhabitants, and even Eng- 1 land has trebled her numbers and ' enormously increased her proportion of Protestants. The Catholics of Great ' Britain and Ireland were as one in three to the Protestants a hundred years ago. They are now as one in seven. Altogether we believe tho Protestants in the world aro now either equal to the Catholics, or so nearly so that the difference is unimportant The increase of numbers is the smallest els. ment of growth. Catholicism had its stronghold in the countries of old Roman civilisation, and its prestige for cen turies was sustained by the superiority of Catholic nations in government and the arts of peace. Spanish statesman ship and military prowess, the art of Italian painters, sculptors and musi cians, the social and literary dis tinction of the French people, were the forces that really maintained the declining church. It seemed impos sible to believe that the religion of the most civilised States was not also the true religion. At present, if men look for examples of military scienco or political sagacity they turn to German)-, and England and the United States aro the recognised exemplars of wise institutions, of manufacturing in dustry and of world-wide commerce. The predominance of Protestant coun tries in literature and abstract thought is even more remarkable. In proportion to the supremacy of the Roman Catholic Church is the intellectual barrenness of a . modern State. What Spain has been for 200 years Austria was during the Concordat, and Francs threatened to become during the period of priestly power under Louis Napoleon. There is scepticism in Protes tant as well as in Catholic countries, but the scepticism of Protestant countries is a phase of opinion which thoughtful men may or may not hold. The seep- j ticisin of Catholic countries is open re volt, and the scientific man who is not a sceptic is apt to find himself treated as : a hypocrite. j There is, of course, a familiar form of controversial reply to all this. Tho reasonab'e Catholic will admit, as he cannot deny, that the spread of Protes- ; tantism has been accompanied with a ; great increase of national power and prosperity, and will plead that it is not the first purpose of religion to increase exports and imports. Tie will, perhaps, remind liis opponent that the offer of all . the kingdoms of the world was originally made by the Tempter and refused by Christ. Undoubtedly the moral and spiritual life of tho community is that by which its real value is to be measured. Let us consider then what Luther lias done, not merely by contrasting tho pre sent moral condition of Protestant against Catholic countries — though we should bo very willing to join battle on this field — | but by considering what the state of the : world has become through Luther's teaching. Wo think it is not unreason able to say that to him more than any one do we owe the creation and the tradition of family life in its purest form. He it was who declared the father to be the natural priest of the family, and who rescued women and children from the spiritual directorate of the Church. Where Catholicism had at tempted to repress thought lest it should be dangerous, Luther made it free that it might be self respecting. Where tho confessor had familiarised tho mind 'with the dangerous analysis of passion in order that he might guard it against its perils, Luther respected the virginity of the soul, and permitted that fominine reserveunderwhich the woman's thoughts belong .to herself. The result 'is that family life has been elevated and purified all over the world. Tho romances and the histories of the ages of faith are unreadable in the present day, because they are too gross to bo endured. There are sin and shame at this moment in every great country, as there will be so long as human nature endures; but tho conversations and the light literature of tho centuries and the countries that have been predominantly Catholic are now discarded in every direction. Neither can we hesitate to claim it as tho direct result of Luther's teaching that man, like woman, ha3 risen in hi3 own self-respect. The brutal punishments, tho enforced labor, the dis regard of life, that seemed natural when man stood low because the priest stood high, have all disappeared, aud havo disappeared first in Protestant countries, or in Catholic States like France that have been influenced by English ex- amplo or penetrated by secularist in fluences. It has sometimes been said that Luther only arrested and diverted a movement of free thought under which Catholicism would have been naturally regenerated. We cannot agree with this view. The. scholars and thinkers of Luther's time were men who hated and despised the Church more cordially by far than he did. but they were not prepared, like him, to die for their belief, " Even if Luther were blame- " less in all he says," wrote Erasmus " I am not minded to risk my life for " the truth." Leo X. took the measure of these gentlemen when he announced that the proceeds of the indulgences wero needed to purchase the manuscript of a missing book of Livy. The impos ture was to be justified by the money's use. Luther was of other mould-—" re- " solved to strive for the trutli unto " death," and convinced that God would fight for him. Let it bo granted that he was in no sense faultless, The son of a rough peasant in a half bar barous country, educated in the worth less logic of the schools, and subjected to the discipline of the cloister, the wonder is not that Luther was often violent and narrow and superstitious, but that he was able to sbake off the trammels of his early prison house, and to lead out his fellow-captives into free air.' Wo know him, as fow men are known, by acts that filled the world, by writings that shook down the greatest hierarchy ever known, by a correspon dence embracing nearly 3000 letters, and by hundreds of recorded conversa tions in which his words still glow out like coals of fire. His Bible is the fountain of the German language, and his hymns have been sung by warriors on hundreds of battle fields. The Church that took its name from him lias been weakened by kingly manipulation, and the Protestantism of this day in its most accepted forms contains very little that Luther actually held. If, however, his own creed seems to be passing away, the impulse he gave to free thought and reverent examination of accepted articles of faith was never stronger than now ; and the disciples of Mill and Darwin may join in all sincerity with the ortho dox Protestant believer to celebrate the memory of the man who not only had j the courage to declare that tho old Church was dead but the sagacity to divine that the human mind was instinct with undying life. Though the augur and astrologer have disappeared from polite society, we are ' reminded as surely as every Cup Day , comes round that there are people in the : world who still dream prophetic dreams i and find crowds of other people to be-:i lieve in them. On the present occasion we are fortunately able to test tha i claims of the prophets, since they seem to < be more tban usually anxious to ehallcr > t | attention to themselves. The first authentic prediction, it will be ra- 'membered, came from New Zealand. There a young lady in the mes meric trance saw distinctly the triumph of First Demon. She knew nothing of racing, did not even know there was such a horse ; bat on two ' separato occasions the name and figure of 1'irst Demon appeared to her Bleep- locked senses. The circumstance was carefully recorded in more than one paper, and it took place some weeks before tbo Cup was run. WitkiD our own knowledge another young lady in Mel bourne, equally innocent of the arcana of tho stable or the betting ring, twice had tho same experience, with this difference — that the visionary horse was not First Demon but Despot. I Name, color and figure of tha jockey were all projected on hei retina with unerring verisimili tude each night, aud more than one ten-pound note was staked upon her sagacity. The third case has already tbecn given in detail in the columns of j 'J he Aqr. The seer foresaw that Dirk ! Hatteraick would win the Cup, and Martini-Henry the Derby, and that ha himself would be dead before either event took place. Here we have three well authenticated : examples of the dream test applied to racing. The two first are complete and I unmitigated failures ; and the third was only partially successful. Tho dreamer did die, and Martini-Henry did win-the Derby : but we know that tho Cup did not go to Dirk Hatteraick. On tho other hand, there is the familiar instance of the lato Mr. Craig, of Ballarat, who saw in a vison his horse Nimblofoot come in first, ridden by a jockey carrying his colors and with a black crape band round -his arm. The black crape was worn for Mr Craig himself, whose horse won, though he did not live to witness his victory. Tho verification of the vision in this case was very com plete, and taken by itself would favor the popular notion that there is some truth in dreams after all. But the .ques tion is, should it be taken by itself rather than in connection with tha other group of dreams which we have seen did not come true T If we adopt tho latter course it is fatal to the oneiro-critics, be- 1 cause there are throe failures to -one suc- |ces3. One of the failures is only partial, | it is true ; but this makes the case for the dreamers all but hopcloss, since the entire dream would have been propheti cally inspired if any portion of it had been. The proportion of failures to successes being three to one would favor the argu ment put forward by Sir Benjamin Brodie in his I'sychtAojieal Studies, who reminds us that we rarely take cognisance of any dreams but those that come true, and that it would be a very strange thing in tho crowded chapter of accidents if among the vast number of combinations that constitute dreams there were not one or two of them now and then which appear to be realised. This reasoning disposes of the prophetic character of dreams altogether. ; aud leaves the doctrine of chances and the law of ratios to interpret them. It was a mero accident that Mr. Craig was right, and that the anonymous dreamers about the event of Tuesday were wrong. People henceforth who stake their money on the strength of a vision of the night will be as foolish as those who attempt to foretell thoir fortunes on the strength of the lines in the 'palms of their hands. This is the teaching of the hard and unimaginative man of science. On the other hand, we may ask our selves whether, in the face of so much recorded testimony to the contrary, we should be justified in discarding the dream theory altogether ? One of the greatest authorities on the subject of hallucinations, De Boismont, bids us not to forget that men possessed of the acutest intellects, like Bacon and Macchiavelli, admitted the existence of a previsionary faculty in sleep, which is wanting in the waking subject. Our own reading recalls two instances where tho faculty seemed to be just as active as it was in 51 r. Craig. In Foster's Lift of Charles Dichens it is recorded that tha I great novelist, who had always a hanker- I ing after tho supernatural by tho way, f dreamed, while sitting in his library chair, that a lady was brought into the room clad in a striking scarlet shawl, and introduced to him as Miss Napier. He knew of no such person, and had never seen such a face ; but a few mornings after tbo door of his parlor was opened by his sister-in-law, and along with her entered theidenticallady, name, shawl and visage, whom he had seen in his dream. (A'ol. II., p. 2S6). On another page of the same volume we have an instance in which the visionary faculty seemed to be unconsciously alive in the waking subject. The scene was the Doncuster racecoursa Dickens bought a card, wrote down in fun three names for the winners of the three chief races, having never in his life thought of tha horses, " aud, if you " can believe it without your hair stand- " ing on end, thoso three races were " won, one after another, by those three " horses !" (Vol. IT, p. 133). Another kind of witness altogether, namely, Schopenhauer, relatesaeurious experience that may be classed with these. He had upset his inkstand upon the floor, and t-be maid was summoned to wipe it np. While doing so she remarked that she had dreamed the previous night that she was wiping up ink from that very spot, and had mentioned the circum stance to her fellow servant. Schopen hauer, curious and sceptical as usual, instantly called in the servant, asked her to say what dream the girl had told her of in the morning, and found it pre cisely as she had said to him. Ac cording to the clairvoyant philosophy all such marvels are explained by the theory that the soul has the power of projecting itself from the body, and be coming one with the infinite universal spirit of which it is a part ; for which the categories of past, present and future havo no existence ; and to which there is neither here not there, neither now nor then — all place being here, all history being now. This faculty of quitting the body is assigned to the soul by the most respect able philosophers, ancient and modern ; and Goethe goes so far as t'o repeat,, without the infirmity of a doubt, that " it is certain under certain conditions, " through the exercise of its mysterious " functions, it has a power given to it to " ante-date'tbe future, aye, and to see into " the future." Of course, it is the one thing that is not certain, for if it were certain it would no longer be a mystery. Goethe contradicts himself. Ali that is really certain is that circumstances or coincidences are related that cannot be denied, which all seem to point to a prescient or previsionary power. The mystery may be quite in accord with ft cosmic law translating itself Injtq - i l.w of our being; for it most ty 'fimerabercd wo aro judging the j unseen only by our , knowledge of I the seen, and that we see. only in'part. J Lite itself for that matter may be only a . dream and the body stuff that dreams are ' made of ; that is to say, we may be ) living iu a somnambulistic stato, from which these excursions into dreamland may be momentary awakenings, giving us glimpses of the permanent aud the real. The fatal objection to the transcen dental or incorporeal notion of dreams ia their well known dependence upon the conditions of the body. It is sadly derogatory to the soul to hare its lights cfctermined by the state of the stomach, or to know that its inspirations may take their color from the last help : of cold boileJ veal at the Spiritualist Young Men s 1'iculu, or even from the last ; ' prosy speecfi at a Conservative bauquct. Think of the rabble rout of dreams that 1 must harass the midnight soul of a chair man of the Presbyterian Assembly after the distractions of an Anti-Strong debate in the afternoon — would it be surprising if he saw the J lev. Mr. Jlentoul, with the horns of a bull and the tail of a dragon, dancing a war dance over the ; livid corpse of Mr. Orkney, mid the i cheerful whoops of the Pious Editor | wrapped to his chin in the Ap- i peal to Our Christian Friends which we noticed yesterday, and smeared all over with the ink ; in which Sir. Moncure Conway's last lecture to the Secular Society ' was written 1 Such a dream may bo j one of the many vivacious proofs of the 1 independent exigence of the Soul to a I \- thoroughly reverential mind, but the : ' materialist would certainly connect it j with a congested brain and an ovcr.iow- j , ing gall- bladder. If the butter-boat may j contain as many ghosts 03 Clinron's did, ! then soul-lore is to be studied only in the j kitchen : and if the day's events shape the night's fancies, ho who occasionally tips the winner in a dream need not go outside his own consciousness to explain it. The event, too, always comes to the prophet who waits, providing lie is un remitting in his prophecies. The only thing that throws doubts upon this rule is the exceptionally bad luck of the clergy who take to predicting, the destruc tion of the world. Wo could give the names of twenty of them within the pre sent century, including Croly, Eicker- steth, Birks, Elliott and Cumming, who all fixed the dato between 1804-68,' and were all disappointed. 