AQUATICS. " ROWING NGTE3. By Clinked. The dinner givcnin honor of the victorious 'Victorian, eight's brilliant success lit tho lato intercolonial boat raco rauBt bavo been most ' gratifying to those gcntlcincn. His Honor Mr. Justice Williams, who prosified, spoko most, happily in proposing, tho (oast of tho winners, and dwelt with dno sympathy on tho hard work and duo discipline undergone by tho crow in their successful endeavors to bring the aquatic' laurels once more to this colony. Tho toast, it is most unnecessary to say, was enthu siastically honored. Mr. Upward, in reply, was \- to tho point, and expressed tho pleasure tho crew felt in being so agreeably noticed by rowing men and others interested in aquatic sports, and thanked thoso gentlemen both hero and in Sydney for the facilities and comforts afforded tho crew. Altogether the affair passed off most agreeably, and was one of tho most successful rowing dinners I was ever at. Apart from the immediate object of the affair, the assembling together in friendly converse of rowing incD, of tho present, time, of the past, and of others who take an interest in aquatics, must do great and permanent good to rowing, both as an exercise and as an athletic sport. Such re unions filiouUt ho encouraged by the powers that bo. An amusing episode occurred at tho dinner. The toast master, drawing tho company's attcn- tion for tho reply to the chief toast of the even ing, gavo the unassuming- vowel with which the speaker's namo begins snch a long drawn aspi rate that the guests wcro convulsed, Mr. Upward bad to pause for several minutes before he could begin his speech. And yet tbcro are others more prominent than the tcast master at the late dinner who un- ' wittingly fall into errors of this description. A lady, I am told, whoso purse , is of the bulky sort, had occasion to accompany another member of the family to purchase a vehicle. She after wards told a friend of mino that she had bought a very "andsomepony faitment." 1 have been shown tho medals presented by Mjr. . John Murks, M.L.C., of Sydney, for tho winning crew in tuo late intercolonial race. Tho medals are both substantial and artistic in de- . sign, and should prove most interesting souvenirs ' . of the race to the fortunate winners. 'The hon. secretary of tho Melbourne Bowing \- Clnb informs mo that through tho courtesy and kindness of the Bohemian Club a concert will ...be given in aid of the funds for the erection of the now club liouso of tho rowing club. ;Tbo concert is fixod to tnke place on the 8th June, at ' -tfaoAthentenm noil. From the well known ar tistic capabilities of many membore'of tho Bq- heraian Clnb tho concert should prove a great ,,;success. It rests with tho Melbourne Club meni- . ..here to make the concert a success financially. . i A meeting of the committee of tho Victorian RowingAEsocintion will bo held on Tuesday even ing next at Young and Jackson's Hotel. The alteration of tho constitution of tho association will bo tbo principal business to bo dealt with. Members should attend without fail. ,. The fifth competition for the Lo Fcvro trophies in connection with tho Victoria Rowing Club will \- take place this afternoon among tbe club mcm- hera. Tho races will start punctually, and clinker fours will bo used on this occasion. The sculling match between Haitian and Ken- . .iicdy is to be rowod on the 30th inst., Decoration .- .Day. Speaking of this, the London Referee has the following remarks : — "Preparations for tho proposed boat raco between Hanlun and Kennedy, which, by tho way, had almost been forgotten on this sido, luvo advanced yet another stago in view of tho period now close at band when any- ' thing in the wny of a sculling match between celebrities is sure to draw in a considcrubloquan- ti'iy at dollars. Hanlan is nn undoubted celebrity, but tber.fmo can hardly be said of Kennedy, whoso sowing— thai is, his championship rowing— has hitherto been dori? in tbo columns of 'bis own press" — i.e., in tho cul'.imns of the newspaper which has been engaged ts. do the necc3tary bonnoting and bearing up fo'r Jiim. Lcttors and papers latest to .hand announce thnt, nego- tiations as to tbo added money having Been com- pleted, Haitian and Kennedy have agreed to row at -'Point of Pines, Revere Bcacb, Boston, Massaohnsctts, at high water, 0 . p.m., 30lh May, 1S83, Docoratian Day.' This being: a great holiday in tho. States, it is expected that many thousands of anxious' sightseers will' bo present, every ono of whom, wfl! bavo to pay somo pecuniary tribnto or other ' to tbo. greatness of the occasion. Iam informed, oii 'what professes to bo authority, and which, ccrtainly should bo woil in-tlio know, that-very i fiiio terms have. been, ipado by both liunlatj and Kennedy ; the railway and stoapabout companies, ' tho hotel and lodginghonse beepers, the, pro prietors of puddlrng-kenn, the. pool Boilers, - bell , ' owners/ < and all others who may 'fairly | —,qr ' ..unfairly,— expect to . make profit , etit ' . of ' tbo ' raco being . held'- . where i it js fod'ti held, having subscribed munificently. I KrcepV tbat it is better to get tho major -rather, thaitrthe' ininoT share of a' culting- up'stakes, . there rtally seems to bo nd' particular reascir why . cither nan should raticb- rare fortborbsnlt ef tho pending contest. Hanlan would toson good bit oi his reputation if ho wcro (lofcatcd by Ken nedy, but the less of a professional sculler'a re putation, no matter hpw glorious. and how. splen did such reputation may Ecom ia ,tbc hour of vic tory, shouhl not gridvo liim ovor much. Tho cham pion has found inoro. than once that directly tuo gloss of success has worn off lio has had to sub mit to all sorts of unpleasantness', Ho has also known that success is not always too remunera tive. If defeat in his present engagement would mean to Hanlan only supposed ' loss of c'ass, defeat would bo an advantage to hhu', as ho then would bo ablo to get on other, matches, all of them of an easy nature. .Tho- difficulty 'would, however, be to find anyone— any other sculler or any hacker of othor scullers — who would beliovo that Hanlan had been beaten by Kennedy on his merits. Were" Ilanlan 'to bo boaton by Kennedy the accnsation that would bo lovelled against the loser would ho that ho had been roping. And no ono could, unless a very palpable accident h'apponcd during the progress of tho race, lio' brought to bclicvo otherwise. This is tho loss of reputation under which ho would suffer. Konrieily'a expedition reminds ono 'of nothing so 'much' as tho expedition of Jack tho Giant Killer. He comes forth to' do what every ' previous comer litis been utterly unequal to doing. On public form Kennedy has not tho ghost of a chance of beating Ilanian. Notwithstanding this, nil ports of attempts are being made — especially in such papers' as somo time hack, for reasons best known to them selves, began to glorify KcnncJy — to show that ovon if he has not snch a very good chanco of defeating Hanlan bo has not such a very bad one. Kennedy may turn out to bo a veritable wonder ; if so, it is very surprising that lie has not taken an earlier opportunity of exhibiting his wonderfulness. If ho really is good enough to beat Hanlun, he might have mauo lialf-a-uozcn matches with inferior men first, nnd beaten them ono by one. It seems strange ho should want to throw away the immense amount of. money that could thus havo.been made by him— and Kennedy has until now never shown any disregard for this world's goods, or any dosiro to turn bis hack npon money. Tho most wonderful part of tho man's history is that, although his namo is very well known, and ho has boon the subject of nn iinmenso amount of newspaper paragraphing, ho has next to no public record, lie rowed ill n regatta once, and thinks ho might have won it if somo of the others had had fits and fallen overboard, anil lio himself had been able to row a good bit faster. Such an encounter as thnt which is to take place at Point of Tines would not be possible in Kng- land. Kennedy may bo, and doitbticas is, ox- tremoly anxious to get his nnmo in somo wny or other associated with that of Ilanian', more espe cially as it is said he has entered into business as nn hotclkcepcr. In this old nnd worn out country ho would have to piiy a great deal too much for the privileges and advantages accruing from bold advertisement, but in America he may fairly reckon to make good profit out of tho transaction, no matter how badly he is beaten. If bo can only bold Ilanian for any distance, or can only manage' to ranko it appear as though he had an accident early in tho race, or can do any of the myriad things that can bo done and arc done 'by men whon they have no chanco of winning — wiiy then- bo will becomo quite famous, and will fin.', his reward In doubled and trebled takings at the publichouse to which ho is after tho race to devoto his whole and sole attention. There used to bo a story enrrent, about the middle of the last century, of a man who gavo Bronghton, tho famous prizo fighter, five pounds and a suit of clothes lor the privilege of standing tfareo roundB boforo him. llroughton earned' the money and tho clothes, and Iiib benefactor went about for the rest of his life with a broken noso and other dis figurements. But he never lost an opportunity, no matter what the company in which he found himself or what tho conversation, of saying, 'Ah, that reminds mc of tho day on which I fought Brougbton?' Losers in rowing matches do not suffer anything like thoscvero handling that falls to the lot of losers in boxing matches; ii wo need not consider it at' all singular when wo find a man entering upon an engage ment with another roan who is upon every- conceivahlc trial his superior, if defeat will be to him something in the shape of glory, if ho will by means of it mal e money, and if also it is borno in mind tl.at every now and again somo- thing untoward will happen-in a raco to give tho prize tohim who is least deserving of it. Speaking for myself, anil for myself only, I think there is no more reason for supposing the race between Ken nedy and Hanlan is to be a race according to our notions of racing tlian it would bo one if the com petitors were still llaplan of the ono part and Bubcnr, our newest candidate, for high class honors as wo know them now, of tho other. Bnbear's public performances' are no end better than ;tho public, performances of Kennedy; yet, if Bubear wore going to row .Ilanian a raco oither right away, or touch and turn npon any fair day and. faircourso,.! don't think there aro. many pcoplo who wotild expect to sec Hanlan beaten. For all that, I don't doubt that' Bubear would .have a cut in, , if . tho railway companies and the steamboat companies, and tbo publicans and tbe sinncts, and. tbo bookmakers and tbo whelk-sollcrs, and all wbo'cxceptcd to make profit ontof tho affair, guaranteed him a cood deal more than the more return of his own money." On Monday afternoon a- sculling outrigger, bnilt liy Edwards, of Princes-bridge, and des tined to carry tho fortunes of Mr. A. W. Pit tea in- tho forthcoming- Krug sculling contest, to be rowed on tho Pnrramatta on" tho 10th of next month, was launched on tho Yarrn. Mr. Fittcs took a sho'rf spin in bis' now boat, and afterwards expressed his thorough satisfaction with her speed and capabilities. The craft ap pears to carry her owner well,, and holds her way satisfactorily between tbo strokes. Great care i has evidently been shown in tho construction of ,, tbo frail craft, and her lines are apparently rnado for speed combined with a proper floating capacity. Her dimensions are — Length,- . 31 feet ; beam amidships, 11J inches ; Loight- forward, 2J inches ; aft, 2J inches ; amidships, 53 inches, tibo is fitted with tbo wheel carriago slide, tho length of slide beinc 27 incites, with sluice box, rowing clogs and das' riggers. Tbe boat's entire weight is but 2P Ib, " Great credit is due to ths builder for the way in which. tho . boat is turned out. No donbt iii il 19 time it will reflect credit on tho sculler.' 