VALEDICTORY TEA MEETING. Ou Tuesday evening last a tea meeting was tendered the Rev. M. Bullas, for the last two years pastor of the lpcal Wesleyan church, bir his congregation, nrinr to talrinff his departure for Albany, Western Australia, whither lie was removed .at the la?t sittings of the South Australian Conference. Over 200 persons sat down to tea, which had been given by the members of tlie church. The' Revs. J. A. Ball and W. Gray were present, as also was a large portion of the respective congregations of the other churches. The tables were ably' presided over by Mesdames La Roche, Opie, Fenton, Chellew, ReecL Trevena, and Greenwood, and Misses Kaiser, Snell, Treloar, Trevena, Gill, and Needham. Immediately after the tea, a public meeting took place in the church, which wa3 comfortably filled, and at which Mr Kelley presided. The Rev. W. Gray (Presbyterian) who first addressed the meeting, referred to the pleasure which he experienced that evening, owing to the fact that all denomination, had gathered together. (Hear hear.) He tlien said it was a very hard matter to be cheerful at a farewell meeting, aud be gave an illustration to the effect that upon one occasion a minister was preaching his fare well sermon, during the delivery of which all his hearers, with the exception of one person, burst into tears, upon this person being interrogated by the preacher as to how he did not show his sorrow, he ex claimed " that he did not belong to the parish, therefore he was suffering no great loss." He — the speaker — did not feel like fcliafc, but, on the contrary, he Heartily sym pathised with the church at the present time, and he attended the meeting in the hope of mingling his tears with the con gregation. (Hear hear). A friend who had been with them for two years was about to take his departure, and the effects of his ministry must either be for good or for evil. He then alluded to the idea which some people held of ministers of the Gospel, and also to the tender tie which should exist between pastor and congregation. In speaking of Mr Bullas, the rev. gentleman stated tiiere would be many of the residents ot the district who would regret his depar ture. He always found Mr Bullas a good earnest worker, and hoped he would find in Western Australia good friends with loving hearts waiting to receive him and Mrs Bullas. (Applause.) The Rev. J. A. Ball (St John's) did noi: come prepared to make a long speech, but in a few words he desired to wish Mr. Bullas, who was, as all knew, on the eve of his de parture. He asked himself the question, " For what am I here to-night ?" He was there to pay a tribute to a gentleman whom he esteemed, viz., Mr Bullas, and the speaker thought it an honour to have him classed amongst his friends. He spoke of the custom of the Methodists in removing their servants every three years, and was of opinion that the style adopted by the Churcli of England, relative to their ministers, should be enforced, for no sooner did Wesleyan ministers begin to know a few people than they were taken away from our midst, and he felt sorry that such was the case so far as Mr Bullas was eoucerned. He was present at the first meet ing given Mr. Bullas at Lower Homebush, when he wished him " God-speed," and he now reiterated that statement, and if Mr Bullas had not yet seen the result of his two years' ministry in Avoca, they would see the seed spring up and flourish ere long. (Applause.) He had always proved Mr. Bullas a true anc| earnest mau, and full of the Holy Ghost, which was saying a great deal of a man. He always found him ever- obliging cQrteous and kind, and he wished that Mr Bullas could say the same of him. (Applause.) In Mr Bullas, as a minister, the church had a good man, and in the Church losing him they were severing their connection with a man full of hope. (Hear, hear.) He cousidered that the re moval of a good man from a district was one of the greatest calamities which could befall it. They would like to feel cheerful at a meeting similar to the present, but there was always a pang felt when about to part, but the members of the church should remember that their loss is someboby else's gain, and that if they were never again to meet on this earth, they would in Heaven, if they remained true to God. (Applause.) He hoped that before long the revival of the knowledge of the Lord, of the love of the Lord, and of the goodness of the Lord would take place iu Avoca. He concluded by wishing Mr and Mrs Bulla's a pleasant voyage, and all the temporal blessings which God was able to bestow upon them, and that Mr Bullas may be blessed in briuging souls to God. (Applause.) Mr Porter, of Lower Homebush, and Mr. Reed, members of the Wesleyan Church, spoke in complimentary terms of Mr and Mrs Bullas as Christians, and characterised them as earnest and faithful workers, and they also expressed the regret which was felt at their departure from Avoca. Mr. Richards did not intend to make a speech, aud this intention must be fully carried out when lie observed that repre sentatives of the local press were present of whose pencil's they had to be careful, lest they should tread upon the corn's cf those members by making any statement which the press did not like. "He would admit there were some very intelligent and well educated members of the press, but he would also say that there were some very officious members, d&ear;, hear, and applause). He then referred to the able manner in which Mr. Bullas had dis charged his duties, and in reference to Mrs. Bullas he mentioned that she was kind, modest, and all that was good, and she was always foremost in 'push'.."- for ward anything iu church matters.'" He hoped that God's blessing would rest upon them. (Applause). Mr. Treveua, superintendent qf the Sun day School, moved a vote of thanks to the rev. gentlemen who were seated on the platform, to the choir, and also to the triads and ladies who had prepared tho .-C. Mr. Bullas, was the most lovin01 aud truest hearted minister they had for many years past, and he had obtained, through his manner, the warmest part of his— the speaker s-keart. (Applause). Relative to money matters Mr. Bullas was not very particular, so fear a? they concerned liim- self. forhe always said, when spoken to about any balauce of his salary, " I will trust m the Lord, and I shall get paiU'' Applause) Both Mr. and Mrs. Bullas had done their best to promote the "best interests of the church aud Sunday School and he wished them a very pleasant voy'- age and every success. (Applause). Mr. Haines seconded the vote of thanks W was carried by acclamation. 5 lbs Kev. M. Bullas, who met with a very flattering reception, next addressed the meeting He stated 'he had done what lie cousidered his farewell on Sunday even iug last, and he scarcely knew what to sav upon such a splemu occasion. He had "J few remarks to make, however, but after the bud words which had been spoken that evening he felt that his iips were coS pletejy sealed. Relative to the feelin which was displayed when he came to Avoca, ho must pow arrive at the con elusion that they were a satisfied people (applause)— and that he had lived lon« enough m Avoca to earn the love of all at leas l ue hoped all, and especially the love of chose persons who were dissatisfied when he came to Avoca. The kind words which r he had listened to that night would linger long in his memory, but they would not make him feel proud, for he never felt more humbled thau he did that night, but they . would act more as an incentive to do good . in the far- off land whither he was goiug. , Whilst he thanked all the speakers for the . praise which had been bestowed upon him, he must also thank them for the kind expressions of love and good feeling which had been shown to Mrs Bullas that even ing. (Applause.) He looked back with great pleasure upon the two years which lie had spent here. The local preachers and himself had always" worked in harmony, and those preachers were always willing to do the work which he allotted them, and be considered Methodism owed a great deal to these self- denying men. He endorsed all tliafc the Rev. Mr Ball had stated in re gard to spiritual results, and he extremely regretted that greater spiritual results had not followed his labours. He could say that he had never been attacked by the local press for any statements which he had made, or for anything that he had done. (Hear, hear.) With reference to his salary, he always had been paid in full in every circuit in which he had ministered. He did not believe in pushing the church for the whole of his salary every quarter. (Hear, hear.) If he had he may have been told what a friend of his was who asked for arrears of salary, viz., " that John the Baptist lived on locusts and wild honey, and that he should do the same." (Applause.) But there had been no necessity for him to look after, or ask for, liis salary lu Avwo,. (ilea,, tuo>.) Ho was pleased to say that at no quarterly meeting of the church there had not been a jarring strain. (Hear, hear.) In visiting the various members of bis congregation he felt that he was always welcome, and that he could make himself at home. He had always endeavoured to work harmoniously with the ministers of the other denomina tions, whom he had found to bo very courteous, and he returned thanks for the expressions which had been made by them towards himself and his wife aud family, and he would sincerely pray for the blessing of God to rest upon tho churches. He was acquainted with the Rev. D. Lindsay, who was to succeed him, he was a right goon gentleman, and when the congregation saw and heard Mr. Lindsay preach, they would assert that a change of ministers every three years was a grand institution. He (the speaker) had succeeded Mr. Lindsay at a former circuit, but now it was vice versa. Mr Lindsay bad succeeded in mak ing many friends in every circuit where he had been in Victoria, which was a good reference for him. (Applause.) He would like to hare remained in Avoca for another twelve months, but the Conference thought differently. He then dwelt upon the place whither he was going, and hoped that all present when they heard that the mail steamer was at Albany they would think of him and his wife there. He thought it a poor friendship, "out of sight, cut of memory," aud thus he would never, forget the residents of Avoca. He wished the church every success, also Mr. Lindsay, and he again thanked all for their kind ex pressions of good-will. (Loud applause.) The enjoyment of the meeting was added to by the choir rendering several selections of sacred music during the evening. Miss Snell ably presided at the organ. The singing of the Doxology, and the pro= nouncing of the Benedictiou by the Rev. Mr Gray, brought a very enthusiastic' meeting to a termination. 