CORRESP ONDENCE. [We do not identify ourselves woil the opinions of correspondeins.1 MOTHS. TO TIHE EDITOR. Sln,-Thu moths, about whose appnearance in great numbers Mr. S. H. Wiotle bhas written a characteristic account, belong to the family Ilepialidwc, and most probably to the typical genus I c'iauls, of wlhich one species is well known ihL England under the name of the " Ghost-moth." The larvie, or caterpillars, of these moths live underground and feed on the roots of plants. They are often turned up by tin miners In " tripping '" the ground to uncover thi wash dirt, especially where the soil is soft and moist. They are of a fleshy white colour, naked, save for a few straggling hairs, and have a brown horny head. Though found all through theo colony (I captured one last week here in Laun ceoton), they are most abundant in dense forests. Their sudden appearance in great numbers is to be accounted for by the rain, after a long dry season, softening the surface of the soil, and thereby allowing the puplm, or chrysalids, to work their way through to the sua, face. To enable them to do this they are pro vided with short spines round the posterior edge of each segment which point towards the tail. By a " wriggling" motion of the body they gradually push their way to the surface, the spines helping them to advance and pro eating any retrogression. The grubs so frequently found dead, with a fungus growing out of them, are in most cases those of this moth. The well-known " Wattle-moth," whose large grub is no destructive to wattle-trees, is another member of this family, but of another genus. The genus Oikelicus, mentioned by Mr. Wintle, whoso larva live in eases made of twigs, etc., and are often found on eucalyptus and other bushes, belongs to quite another family. If Mr. Wintle had stepped outside his hut to listen, lie would probably have heoard what I have noticed on several occasions, viz., a tolerably laud and continuous humming noise, caused ly the multitude of those moths flying about duringi and for some time after twilight. -Yours, etc,5 EITO MOOOIsT. Launceoton, 23rd Mtay, 1883. 