ALLHALLOW EVE. [By Scotia.] Among the various anniversary celebrations, religious, political, and patriotic, which have comedown tons from the past, some of which' nave lost their original meaning, and even ceased to retain the customs once connceted with them is Allhallow Even, which occurs on the 31st of October, and is the vigil of the festival of AH Saints. This festival was first instituted, it is said, because it was found im . possible to keep a separate day in honor of every one of the numberless saints and mar tyrs, whose claims to distinction of some sort the church nevertheless saw fit to recognise. Therefore, having selected the most distin guished competitors for ' everlasting remem. brance,' they 'lumped' the rest in one grand mass, and constituted the first day of \- Hovember the festival of All Saints. In some way a considerable amount of fun ma . naged to find its way into most of those ancient festivals. Human nature is pretty much the same in all ages, and the young people of the 'good old times' were not half as sedate as our great grandmothers ' would havens oelieve; and I am not at all anre that nineteenth century propriety would , sot be properly shocked if such ' goings on/' were indulged in by the young people of to day. Possibly in the old country some of the ceremonies in connection with Allhallow Eve are still observed ; but in this new land of ours, where we forget anniversaries, and have small reverence for festivals, they certainly are not much thought about, and may even not be generally known. The customs in connection with Hallow Eve vary somewhat, of course, in the various countries that form the kingdom of Great Britain, Notwith ;'- '. : standing the difference of country and the '' ';. . , variety of customs, however, one grand point , _ Beems to have been aimed at in almost all of \- --? them. Bearly all the performers seem to bave been alike actuated by the sublime : desire todiscover some unknown future sweet heart, or to test the fidelity of one already in possession, and to accomplish this end wondrous and varied were the methods tried. Young and delicate maidens forget, or ignored, their habitual nervousness, and ventured out alone, or in couples, at the witching hoar of midnight, and actually had the temerity to invade the dreaded enclosure Of the graveyard itself, for the purpose of satisfactorily settling these all - important questions. No doubt the lads were as brave and fearless as the lasses; and in their turn dared unknown terrors for (he sake of a ghostly vadon of some fab female face. The practice of burning nuts on Allhallow Eve seems to have been universally favored. . The custom had its origin, it would appear, in some heathen sacrifices, which used to be considered necessary by way of propitiating &ef; deities, I suppose. Bat the nuts were tamed to good account by love-lorn damsels and amorous swains. When desirous of ,;: _ , knowing whether their loves would be pro* W;~ fittou* or otherwise, they would burn these ; nuts on Allhallow Eve, for the purpose of ^finding out. In those days men were '0 ?--/ evidently not of the opinion that &£??:. '.I. He either fears his fate too macb, ?:--?} \ Ox his deserts are small, /:? ? ' - -Wboiears to pot itto the touch ;'':.; - : And win or lose it all; V . «nd was very much inclined to know whether ^bewas likely to win or taw before he risked £ -??': anything. In Scotland they put two nuts on ;??;- *b* fi» and name each nut, one for the person burning, and one for the desired sweetheart If the nuts bum quietly together until consumed it is accepted as an indication that the course of true love in that instance isdestinedtorunsmoothly. But should thenuts bounce or jump away from each other the luckless burner regards it as an omen that the two named are never to be married. Iu Ireland the custom is altered somewhat, and the charm is used as a test of the faithful ness or otherwise of acknowledged lovefg. There three nuts are used, being laid, a3 before, on the bars of the grate, and two of them being named after the lovers. But the result is much the same, for 'if a nut .cracks or jumps the lover will prove unfaithful; if. it begins to blaze or burn he has a regard for the per son making the trial, and if the nuts named after the girl and her lover burn together they will be married.' Gay, in his ' Spell*' gives a very good description of this cus tom:— Iwo hazel nuts I threw into the flame, And to each nut I gave a sweetheart's name. This with the loudest bounce me sore amazed, That in a flame of brightest 'color blazed. As blazed the nut so may thy passion grow, Fot 'twas thy rat that did so brightly glow \ Another way in which girls used to find out either who were their true loves or if their secret desires would be gratified, I am not sure which, was by means of peas. If a shell should be found containing nine perfect peas the lucky finder took the treasure home, and secretly placed it above the door, and waited, in great impatience no doubt, to see who would be the first specimen of the ' male persuasion' that should thereafter cross the threshold. I remember seeing this charm tried myself, here in South Australia, and the extreme disgust with which the young lady viewed the clumsy trampkin who passed under her perfectly rounded psa-pod was highly diverting. This custom also Gay describes in amusing fashion : — As peascods once I plucked I chanced to see Ore that was closely filled with three times three, Which when I cropped I safely home conveyed. And o'er the door the spell in secret laid ; The latch moved up, when who should first come in .But, in his proper person — Lobberkin '. Another charm peculiar to Allhallow Eve, and which I have somewhere read used to be very much in favor in Ireland, was the paring of apples. Now, anybody can pare apples, but it by no means follows that everybody can turn apple- paring into a love divination. In order to do this successfully the anxious maiden must take an apple and carefully pare it to that the skin shall come off in one long curL This she throws over her shoulder — the left one I think— and if in falling it forma the first letter of the beloved one's name all will be well. Why the left shoulder is chosen I cannot say. Possibly the fact that the heart is situated in that quarter of the anatomical organisation may be supposed to exercise a benign influence. I pare this pippin round and round again, My shepherd s name to flourish on the plain ; I fling the unbroken paring o'er my head— Upon the grass a perfect !? is read. One other divination by means of apples, or rather their kernels, is described by Gay, who was evidently rather fond of this kind of thing. Men must have been dreadfully faith less in the old days, I am afraid ; for not a few of the spells and charms and divinations were used as a test of their fidelity. This one is of that number, and was made to work by means of sticking an apple kernel on each cheek. On this point, though, 'doctors' seem to differ, one authority holding that they were stuck oh the forehead. The kernels were named, and that which fell first indi cated that the love of him whose name it bore was unsound. Here is Gay's descrip tion:— This pippin shall another trial make ; See, from the core two kernels brown. I take ; This on my cheek for Lubberkin is worn, And Booby Clod on 'tother side is borne. But Booby Clod soon drops upon the ground, A certain token that his love's unsound ; While Lubberkin sticks firmly to the last ; Oh, were his lips to mine bat joined as fast ! Burns describes a great many of those old Halloween customs, among which is the per haps most generally known ops— sowing hemp seed. He says this custom is not common to Scotland. This practice was in favor with lads as well as lasses, from which it would ap pear that the sterner Bex is not much less curious concerning the future than is the weaker vessel. In this case it is orthodox to wait till the solemn hour when ghosts are said to take their walks abroad. When the hoar is folly come the person must steal out un perceived, 'sow a handful of hemp seed with anything you can conveniently draw after you,' repeating now and then Hemp seed, I sow thee ; hemp seed, I sow thee ; And him tor her) that1 s my true love Gome after me and potf tnee. Look over your left shoulder and you will see the appearance of the person invoked in the attitude of pulling hemp. I remember, however, hearing a somewhat different form of the spell, possibly the English rendering. In this case also, the person wishing to divine went out of doors at 12 o'clock at night. A graveyard was, I believe, considered to be the most desirable field for sowing the magic seed, a handfull of which was taken and carefully sown, the sower all the while re peating— Hemp seed I sow, hemp seed must grow ; Whoever^ my true love, come after and mow. And on looking over your shoulder you are supposed to see your future lover coming after you, with an invisible scythe, patiently mow* ing imaginary hemp. But love was not the only deity which pre sided over those Hallow Even festivities. In many places the eve of the 1st of November was regarded as a kind of harvest home, and on [that night bonfires were lighted, and general rejoicings were made, both in thanks giving for the harvest;, and also as a kind of propitiatory sacrifice, previous to opening the stores for the year. After the fires were burned down people were in the habit of divining, by means of burning stones, who was likely to die before the next Hallowtide came round. In North Walea.Salso, this practice of divining by means of fire pre vailed, but with some difference, as here : — ' Every family makes a fire in the most con spicuous place near the house, and when the fire is- almost extinguished everyone throws a white stone into the ashes, having first marked it ; then, having said their prayers, turned round the fire, they go to bed, In the morning as soon as they are up they come to search out the stones, and if any of them are found wanting they have a notion that the person who threw it in will die before another All Saints Eve.9-* Thus were the im portant questions of love and life decided by the most flimsy means. And yet it is more than possible that sometimes the predictions were verified, because in many instances a prediction wor&s; its own verification, thus by their own hopes or fears giving coloring to their own empty superstitions. The Government have appointed. Dr. Toll to succeed the late Dr. Gething as health officer at Port Adelaide. Some of the greatest reforms which have aken place in the world (says the Mount Barker Courier of October 26) have been brought about silently, and on Saturday last the eight hours' system in connection with the various railway contracts of this colony was quietly inaugurated. Mr. Walker, of the firm of Walker & Swan, proceeded as usual to the different cuttings on the Mount Barker and Strathalbyn line for the pur pose of making the monthly; payments to the men, and at each stopping-place he ad dressed them aB follows : — ' Before I pay you I wish to say that I think it is time the men employed on railway works in this colony should get the same hours as are in force elsewhere. In Victoria the eight hours' sys tem is the law of the hind, and it is unfair that South Australians should longer refrain from adopting the same principle. In our tender for the first section of the intercolonial line we stated a price that would allow of the alteration named, and, although we were un successful, having consulted with Messrs. Baillie, Davies, & Wishart, we have both determined to adopt the eight hours' system on our existing contracts. You will see now that the strike of last year was entirely un called for, and that of our own free will we are giving you more than you asked on that occasion. On Monday next we will start to work eight hours. The gangers will exercise their judgment as to the wages ; they will pay their best men 8s. per day and others at from 7s. to 7s. 3d. It was stated last year by the leaden of the strike that more work could be done in eight hours under the new system than was done in nine under the old, and you have now an opportunity of proving the truth of that statement. In any case the contractors will be the losers, as their horses and plant will remain idle for an hour longer each day. I hope sou will consider this, and that, by turning up on the Monday after pay, you will prove your willingness to do as you would be done by. You should not look upon your employers as your natural enemies, for they are as necessary to you as you are to them. I have no objection to your taking liquor, but would suggest that it would be better both for you and for the contractors if you would save your money now and have a big spree when the job is ?done. We have initiated eight hours labor, and we will not revert to the old system again. The hours we intend to work are from 7,30 to 1130 a.m, and from 1 to 5 p.m. each day, except the monthly pay Saturday, when all gangs will knock off at 1 o'clock.' The men received this announce ment with various expressions of approval, and although they were by no means demon strative, there were sufficient signs of a deter mination not to permit any rebograde move ment on the part of any future railway con tractor. If ? Mr. Boblnaon, the successful tenderer for the line from Hairne to Murray bridge, has not calculated to work under the eight hours system it is likely that the recent aetion ef Messrs. Walker & Swan will have a very serious e&eot; upon his pocket. 