A Tennessee (.host Gomes to a house in Hamilton County, and rook8 tlio baby to sleep ovory night. Now, thon, by all tho dwellers in tho nethor gloom, i! there is a restless ghost o! any old ancestor of ours would like to find steady employment at good wagoa in a quiet family and good neighborhood, wo can give the perturbed spirit all it wauts to do in tho silent line of general housework, with Sunday afternoon for itself, and ona night out every week when it oould go around and raiso a ghostly raoket with tho neighbors, and haunt all the lonely houses in tho neighborhood. What a gem of a liouse-sorvant a ghost would be. Never "sasfl" baokj always invisible. Tho pio would oome on the tablo as though it woro sailing through the air ; tho carpet-sweeper would perform its noiseless functions without tho howling aooompaniment of "Gnah-na gnah-na-tha-wali-that wur tho plaoe whayre the whisky is plenthy--whRck I fol dhe rol loll" And at night it oould haut?t all tho objootionablo neighbors until they iled the neighborhood, and property would dopreoiato soventv-flve per oent,, wlion we could buy it in and wliaok up with the ghost. No light and no iiro required for tho ghost's room. No privato watohman wanted on the blook; no clog on the premises. When a burglar climbed in at tho window, and felt tho cold, clammy Angers of tho ghost wriggling down the book of hisneok; whon ho drove a ten- inoh bowie-knife olean through tho ghost's bosom five times, and tho spectre smiled sadly at him, and showed him where his throat had been cut. dear of! nine years boforo-how the robber would drop his kit and wiug his rostless flight to realms beyond tho farther limits of tho oity corporate. And whon tho door-bell rang, tho ghost would just stick its hand dear through the koy-holo and see who was there before tho door was opened. And thoro would be no sweethearts loafing about tho kitchen Sunday nights-ah, no. Truly, a ghost would bo a great boon to tho home, and if any of our readers know of a ghost out of a job, send him at onco to this oflloo.-The Argonaut, 