THE VICTORIAN CLUB MEETING. BY AUGUK. The spirited enterprise displayed by the Victorian Club deserves a bumper attendance at Fiemington to-day. A more sumptuous bill of tare has seldom been provided for one day at Flemington. and those who wend their way to head- quarters this afternoon will have no cause to regret their visit, unless it be thoBe who may speculate upon the chances of the winners and fail to successfully unravel the mystery which has puzzled the most ob serving of critics. Endeavouring to " spot winners" is not a profitable occupation in the long run, for that magical in strument, the little metallic pencil, is bound to emerge triumphant from the contest, while be who perBiBtently sticks toLthe backing game in the hope of recouping him self for previous losses eventually becomes like the fly in the ointment, and fails to ex*, tricate himself from the octopus that he baa been grappling with. To-day backers will have a splendid opportunity of displaying their ability, bnt at the finish of the day the layers will in all probability have the ad vantage. Turf critics always approach the subject of *' selection" with a certain amount of diffidence, not because there is so much difficulty in chooBing a probable winner, but in consequence of the chicanery and deceit indulged in by those who have the manipulation of particular horses, that "go " when It suits certain parties, and " don't go " when the public are on. Market operations have a powerful influence upon many stables, but it is satisfactory to know that there are some which are perfectly inde pendent of betting coteries. They are, how ever, few and far between. It is to be hoped everything will be fair and square to- dajr, and that there will be no occasion to point to this horse patiently waiting for the Australian Cup, or that horse doing a palpable shunt with an eye to the Newmarket Handicap. Yet I dare wager a modest sovereign that I will without difficulty pick out more than one that will start in the Victorian Cup and Bookmakers' Purse with no more intention of winning than 1 have of trying to emulate Blondin on the high rope. In justice to the ring men it must be admitted that they are not responsible for this state of things. They are, however, pretty sharp in sniffing what is vulgarly termed "a stiff 'on," and the manner in which they increase the odds against anything they feel satisfied It not on the job ia quite delightful to witness. The Ballarat division has always proved dangerous in the jumping line, ana with Lady Hampden and Game to do duty for the Dowling Forest stable the Hurdle Race may again be impropriated by " Gorrigan's mount Tbe field is not a particularly strong one. and the best of the three top weights should be vt-ry handy at the finish. Whatever m^y be the selected from Chifuey's Btable will also be hard to beat, though thia trip I ve a fancy for DUNSTAN and GAME With 200 sove. aiiJed to the Two-year old Stakes, there should be a strong muster of juveniles to face Mr. Watson. With Duenna out of the way, Ike should be the best among the heavy-weighted division, but I like no thing so well as TICHBOURNE, who is a etuart colt, though mtber erratic, and should he be in one ot his tantrums, probably HONORA or MUNSOO>" will be the first to catch the judge's eje. Ot the 20 left in the Victorian Cup I ex pect to Bee at least 15 go down to the post. Willeroo comes from New South W ales with a great reputation, aud ever since the weights came out he hae received pleuty of support from those associated with him. Gudarz and Paul are the others of the New South Wales division, aud the better of the pair ought to have something to say at the finish. Gudarz, at Sat. 41b., is well in, and I Bee no reason why he should not finish in the front rank Fryingpau can hardly give his stable companion, Magnet, 121b The latter did not get well away in the Three-year-old Handicap on New Year's Day, but be finished like a racehorse, and at 7st. 41b. he ought to run the mile aud a halt in 2m. 40s. The Plutiger, too, should finish alongside him, for at a slight difference he was at his heels on New Year's Day, aud had uot Anglesey inter fered with him, the judge's verdict might have been reversed. I don't know what to make of Coriolauus, for though in appear ance he lookB one of the most improved colts of the season, he always occupies a position in the rear. 1 know he is a slow beginner, and )B partial to a scope of ground, but with such a light impost as 7st. 71b. he ought to be in the van even of a mile and a half race. Odd Trick is a tiorse of undoubted merit, and if the B&llarat; speculators put down the money witn a will, this hardy chesnat may gain another winning bracket Ever Biuce Little Jack ran at Geelong I have looked upon him as the beet of the St. Albans lot, and the style in which he won the Caul field Cup canuot be easily forgotten ; but on New Year's Day he ran like a fourth rater. I refuse, however, to believe that that was biB true form, and it is quite possible that he may justify my belief in him by winning to-day. Lothair, if he has not lost his pace, should carry Howie's colours very forward. Directly the weights appeared, I selected this tine horse as the pick of the handicap, and I don't Bee auy reason to alter the opinion then expressed. Pollio is well in, but if he is to win to-day, he must not be quite BO round as be was on New Year's Day. Lord of Clyde may win, or he may not, but 1 don't care to Bt&nd; him. Mistaken, too, should run forward, and Leabia looks as well &B; anything upon paper. The Queen Mary party declare that their filly will break 2m, SSs., in which case she ought to win. Is this the Queen Mary that was once beaten at Kensington-park in a pony race? I had in tended to choose Lothair as the probable winner but he went BO short and slovenly in a gallop with Anglesey on Thursday morning as to favonr the idea that he is a trifle sore, and unless it rains he may not be inclined to act to-day. The Brighton folks are backing the Champion winner of 1882, and evidently mean busineBB, and if so, he may win, bnt as he is erratic I shall stand GCDABB or LBSBIA. The Selling Race looks a good thing for SOOTHSAYER or THE GHOST. 1 hardly know what to think of the Steeple chase, bnt I've a fancy for COOUETE, if he be in form; and KANAKA and ABDALLAH should be most dangerous amongst the others. The Bookmakers' Parse is bound to attract a large field, and, with BO many speedy animals to choose from, it is difficult to make a selec tion. Erichthoneus has brought a great repu tation from Ballarat, and since his arrival at Flemington he has fully maintained his character on the track. On the score of breed ing he will compare favourably with anything engaged in the race, for he is by Maribyrnong from Jessie's dam, and nobody could desire anything better than that. A better-looking horse will not go to the post, and, being four years old, 6st 121b. should be a feather to him. Of those down to Sat. I like nothing better than Liberator at 8st. 31b., and Josephine at 7st 111b. reads well. Then Cremorne, Lohengrin, Anglesey, Cooreena, and Declamation all look well upon paper. Bas eanio, who can get a mile without difficulty, is very well treated at 7st 21b., and this fine colt of Sir Thomas Elder's never had each a favourable weight in a handicap. Mistake is a colt possessed of a fine turn of speed, but little nae been seen of him at Flemington, though, as the Brothers Cripps have a little private ground at Moonee Ponds, he may have been doing good work there. Lana, Athena, Claptrap, Sir Charles, Chuckster, and Adven turer are all well treated, and among the dark outsiders there is nothing I like BO well aa Stationer, a fast improving colt, and if there is to be a surprise he may effect it The half-dozen, then, that will provide the winner are, I think, EricthoneuB, Baasanio, Lord of Clyde, Cooreena, Gudarz, Wizard, and Stationer; and of thia lot I like beat STA TIONBB, BASBAJTIO, and ERIOTHOHEDS. 