THE 0SB0RNE HERESY CASE. The District Meeting was continued at the York-street Wesleyan Church* Sydney, when, the inquiry respecting the charge of heresy against the Rev. J. Osborne was continued. On Thursday morning, before entering on the inquiry attention was called, as a matter of privilege, to the reported proceedings of the meeting which bad appeared in the daily papers. He unfortunate writers or inspires of these reports, whom no ooe «emd to know, were rather severely bandied for then ' unbrotbetiy ' and ' dishonourable' con dnct. Several ministers expressed strong indignation that any member or members of the meeting should act ao unworthily as to convey to the secular press reports of the whole case. The reports which had been published were unsparingly condemned at unfaithful. A resolution was then moved and seconded, charging the writers or inspirers of the said reports with a breach of privilege. This endeavour to coerce the independence and liberty of individnal members of the meeting was very warmly resisted, and one gentleman protested that be would not be brought into bondage by any each Star Chamber attempt. This expression was subsequently withdrawn. The resolu tion, however, was ultimately passed by a large majority. On the motion of the Kev G. Hunt, it was then resolved. — ' That a full report of the proceedings, containing theentire evidence, with the findings of the meeting, be published in the daily papers at tbe dose of the case.' The meeting then proceeded to %*ke. evidence on the remaning charges, viz, 'General mode of preaching' and 'Minis- terial conduct on the circuit. ' On the first of these charges, evidence was given by the Rev- J. B. iTaterfaouse. who stated tbat he bad heard Mr. Gsborne's sermon on Budd hism, and felt deeply pained as he left the church at the almost entire absence oE Methodist doctrine throughout the discourse. The Rev. G. Harst, who had heard Me Osborne on several occasions, described what to him appeared objectionable peculiarities in his style of preaching. Regarding Mr; Osborne'a ministerial conduct in the circuit,, evidence was received by letter and by oral testimony, bnt was not regarded as implying anything serious. This completed the evidence in the case. Mr. Osborne then addrssed the meeting at considerable length in his defence. He spoke with great self-possession, clearness, and force, and was listened to throughout with, mnrfrflri attention. He commenced by stating his belief in all the cardinal truths of Christi anity. In referring to his sermon on Prtl'*n Catholicism.he repeated what he had before said, that his purpose on that occasion was honestly and fearlessly to exhibit the excellencies and faults ef the system. He pointed out that nothing be bad then ottered on eome of the excellencies of this system was half so broad or forcible as passages to be found in the writings of Wesley on the «ame subject Two or three of these passages he read. He maintained that his teachingt variance with the standards of the Methodist Church. While be felt that his motives were pare and honest in striving thus to do men good, and especially to be useful to Boauux Catholics, he could not retract anything he had said on tbe subject. He had come to the York-Street Church with no other purpose than to preach Christ and Christianity, and he was determined, should it be the will of his brethren to give him tbe opportunity, to continue to do so with all his might. He had already been greatly encouraged in his work in the city, and sincerely hoped nothing would occur to interrupt him in his work. Mr. Osborne then retired from the meeting, that his presence might in no way embarrass the decision. After long and careful consider ation, the following resolutions were adopted :— 'That after hearing Mr. Osborne'a frank declaration of his belief in the Deity of tbe Lord Jeans Christ, in his atonement for sin by HiB death, io the Deity of the Holy Ghost, in the plenary inspiration of tbe Holy Scriptures, and in the efficacy of prayer, having beard also his declaration of sincere attachment to Methodist doctrine generally ae embodied in our acknowledged standards, we cordially accept bis statements as fall and satisfactory. At the same time we regret that bib method of presenting these truths is at timea bo to produce the impressian oa the minds of some that he is erraneoas in doctrine. -. hi reference to the sermon delivered in the lork-etreet Church on Sanday eveninc. Anril 22\. 1883, on Roman Catholicism ^T^re convinced that Mr. Osborne is sonnd in the doctrines of Protestantism as held by the Methodist Cbnrch. Yet from the evidence we are satisfied that in the former part of his discourse he was so ungaurded in his state- 4 meet* as to appear to advance doctrines not * m harmony with onr standards. 3. That the president communicate the forejzoinz resolu tions to Mr. Oaborne.'- S. uTSn&L;^ Theee was a very good demand on Monday f« the unmarried portion of tbe .mmigrmu* by the Hampshire. The mm^oriihrS the menta, the rate of warn of tbe f ormeTbeuie JW »* a-week, an? tfae latter from «s?to demand for awtMniedoooplei. 7 7 