A TRIP UP NORTH. [CONTRIBUTED.] Continued. Starting from Port Augusta on Monday, 24th., I reached Wilmington at 11.15. The five-horse coach the ancient glory of the road, the starting of which from Port Augusta used to be the sensatioual event of the evening, has become a thing of the past since the construction of the railway ; and has been superseded by an unpretentious waggonette, iu care of the original (in a double sense) driver, Morgan. Nature was iu the full luxuriance of her spring arraj 7 . Crops, grasses, and flowers decked the landscape on. on every side, whilst running waters enhanced the general aspect of fertility. The dam at Wilmington|was full, so there is no necessity to use the well, bored by the Government to a depth of 600 feet, and which is at present covered up inside ihe dam enclosure. As an instance of the luxuriance of the vegetation I may mention that in a little paddock belonging to the caretaker of the dam the rye was level with the top of my hat. Wilmington is a flourishing little town, and boasts a bank (branch of theNationrl), three public houses, a mill (Dunn & Co's.) three stores, saddler's, butcher's, and baker's shops, and about a dozen private houses. The chief store and saddler's shop belong to T. & G. Marshall who are now about the oldest residents. The gardens are a credit to the people, especially that of Mr. George Marshall. The perfection attained in the culture of the rose, ranunculus, and the most delicate of flowers emphatically contradict the libel which it has been endeavored to maintain to the detriment of the north, that its soil is incapable of growing flowers. On Tuesday I left Wilmington for Willowie via Pinda. Pinda is the smallest township that I have yet come across that boasts of the glory of possessing a real, live, special correspondent of the Tirqister. There are three houses in sight, one of which is a public house. Independently of the occupants of the public house, the only solitary resident I saw was the schoolmaster and Rc- ijlM.tr special. At Willowie the government boring is in full work. I was afforded an opportunity of going down the shaft, now bored over 80 feet. The soil was soft and as <lry as a bone. A bore has been previously made but the loose character of the oblique strata of slate prevented a grip being obtained and in consequence the rods kept slipping and the bore therefore went down diagonally. To remedy this the present shaft has had to be timbered all the way down as the work progresses. So soft is the material passed through that the manager was able to drive a crowbar down half its depth in two blows. Should water be struck it will be a vast benefit to the whole of the Willowie plains, the site of the boring being on the main road to Orroroo. As a township Willowie is far superior to Pinda. En route to Melrose we passed Willowie Head Station, which lately passed out of the hands of Mr. Angas. Shearing was in full swing, and a good clip was being realized. Arriving at Melrose we found a goodly number of shearers were noieely investing their accumulated capital in the public house. Melrose is, in my opinion, the most picturesque •township in South Australia. The very name has been invested with a poetical charm by Sir Walter Scott, but its beauties do not, like Sir Walter's Melrose, require the aid of the " pale moonlight " to bring them into relief. In sunlight or moonlight under sunshine or cloud, nestling at the foot of the imposing heights of Mt. Remarkable, Melrose is beautiful; and darkness alone could hide its pictur- «sque charms. I might have said that from Wilmingtou to Willowie the crops are good, where the farming has been of a careful character; but throughout the distance there are evidences of unskilful and slovenly tillage. There was one conspicuous instance in two fields each of about 1,000 acres. Lying opposite each other, with only the road dividing them, upon the same level and with the Same character of noil, the contrast between these two farms wasmoststriking; the one was well plough- SfiS^8"?!* <i rain *8* fan-ows and evenly sowed, •and the husbandmen's careand toil were rewarded by a splendid» even crop. The fencing of the other farm Waa indisrepauythe ground scratched over anyhow and the seed unevenly distributed, the result was that here and there dense tufts were growing rankly, while for a distance around them not a ghost of blade was to be seen. • , On Wednesday I went on to Back Creek in the Germein Gorge. The drive to the Gorge is certainly one of the finest in the colony. Passing through the magnificent park-like scenery of the Hon. A. B. Murray's White Park Estate, studded with fine old stately gums, the drive is of a somewhat circuitous nature, and makes the distance about 13 or 14 miles, a distance which can be reduced to about 6 miles by taking a bridle track (available only on horseback) over the range. On the road to Back Creek we passed fully 100 young lambs, dropped by a travelling flock, which had been knocked on the h»»ad and thrown o\er the fence. Rather barbarous treatment, I could not refrain from thinking. In passing through Mr. Murray's estate here and there were to be seen farm houses going in to disrepair, the occupants having either been dummies or else bought out by the monopolist: a further instance of the utter insufficiency of our present land laws to effect a permanent settlement on the soil. There 'was a sale of a selection, " With the consent of the Commissioner of Crown Lands," at Back Creek. A year or two ago the land was purchased from the Government under the personal residence clause at £10s. 6d. per acre. The personal-residence selector intimated his desire to be permitted to dispose of his land upon the ground that he wished to go home to see his mother. Of course the consent of the Commissioner could not be withheld when such excellent grounds were given, and the land was disposed of for £3 4s. 6d per acre. From the position of the land at the time of its selection had it been sold straight .out without any residence conditions it would have fetched £3to£4peracre; sothatthe people havebeen defrauded of £2 to £3 per acre upon the land. Not scores, but hundreds of similar instances could be quoted. At the sale at Back Creek there were farmers from 8,11 of the Hundreds in which red rust was, at Port Pirie, stated to be prevalent. They utterly pooh-poohed the idea, and although it was early yet to make calculations, said they had every reason to believe that the yield of the coming harvest would exceed any average realized in the past. Starting homewards from Melrose via Gladstone, the Gladstone and Laura railway was found to be in progress of construction. The Laura station is situated just beyond the bridge on the rip-lit hand side entering Laura from Gladstone. The gardens here, again, are a standing testimony to the falseness of the assertions that the north will not grow flowers. The re=t of my journey to Port Adelaide was accomplished by rail and along the line from Laura to Port Adelaide everything wore a promising aspect. I might mention as a peculiarity, in concluding these notes, that on Friday morning we were surprised to get quite a sharp frost. 