ouR i oELBOUi E . LITT'ER. (rkdi o601 owN CORESPONDErNTr.) Now that the nomination list has been filled, and the names are found to be of not such I mixture of party movers as it was at one time'anticipated, matters have assumed a somewihat different aspect, and the chances ol.young members have gone up 50 per cent.: There are a' number of outsiders' who have riot the ghost of a show, and 'oldinenibers are more" then" ever confidnit that their seats will remain" unshaken to the last. The Hon. J. J. Casey's seat for Sandridge is very' doubt. ful against the chances of the local Mayor, and Mr Gardiner's seat for Carlton is to be upset by Or. levers if 'it is to be upset at all. Mr Staugliton seems to'run well for West Bourkle, arid'Mr Francis will, without doubt, be suecceesful in his own little con stituency. Mindurang is a place to which much aettention is - called lately, and opinion is much divided'as to the result.' Mr D. Gaunseon stands again with a fair show for Ararat, and his brother William, for West Melbourne, with no show at all. Mr J. J. Madden, in running the gaunt. let with Sir Johni O'Shanassy, has 'a dilffi cult task before'him, and one which in all probability he will be unable to accomen plish. Mt' Walker: biight to make the running pretty warm for Boroondara, and Mr Pearson will find it hard to hold his own for the Boroughs. For names like Grant, Pattdrson, and Graves, *there is but little .'dhtibt of"tho'result. ".Dr: L. L. Smith's caiince~ for Richmbnd are very doubtful, there .being so many candidates already in the "field again'st him: Mr Wiseoyould, the new canditate' foi North' Melbourne, ought to haivoei good show, and it.is to by trusted ih"e ill sudcded,' for he is one who. ought by. cool-headedhess and quiet wprking gain for his party more perhaps tlani"most" people might imagine. Mr Hall's seat for" Mora is by no means so surp as,it.sva sbome time ago thought to be, whilst Mr Kerferd goes in as usual. For Rodney it is impossible tofix the anu cessful candidate, and for St. Kilda Mr Carter ought to make thinigs lively for the otherp concerned. Williamatown will un doubtedly return Mr A. T. Clark, and Mesars Madden and O'Oallagani ought to be successful in the Wimmera district. Sir W. J. Clarke ran the top price of the sheep market on Tuesday for cross bred wethers from Rockbank. This is not the first time the baronet has realised head offers for his sheep, but with a mar-' ket like the one before him, where the whole of the sheep supply was excellent, and the price good, he has .not hitherto gone do high with the pridude. .The price obtained, 14s wati above the bthers by a ehillifg, idlthouu.lh a small lot from Bacchis Marshwere likely-looking eriough to runi him for the head of the poll. The. discovery of gold in the "tight littlo'asland" has created somewhat of a sensation in the city, and there are num bers of Tasmanians who are seriously debating the question of going over to their old quarters again, in the hope of turning up something where before all was barren. It was stated at one time (that was when the prisoners were re. moved, and .the colony was financially done.for), that one of two things were re quired tO start the place againi either to annex it to Victoria, or for eomeone to drop .acroi; i? icli fifid of' gold 'which would be pbrmanoeit.:' Thoe want of. a population hai,killod the place, and as-the stream of eaisranta never appeard to set in that way, som'nthing of the kind is needpd.. The ihi mnines have advanced, but hIave dope little. good, and now the cry of :gotd' ieing: found has made an alteration in the state of things in general. To annex the island to Victoria is a pro coedlng which\sdaiTasmlh'n dAitat iivbrie to, and not without reason either, but it is clear that should the tide of immigra.' tion set iii over the gold rush there will be a good time' in store for the place before long 1 r' M'Bain's picture gallery, which was sold an Monday last, realisod aesum much under the e'xvectations' of the owner. Some of the pictures were of as valuable kind; and'should have fetchbt higher prices than they did. But the Melbourne public tee a rule don't go in for pictures in that way. Whenever a sale' is cilled of any collection of the kind, the sale:room is always full of dealers, Who buy up the gems of the collection at very easy prices. It his been' the custom of our wealthy colonietesto collect valuable pictures with a vieiv.to'forming a small gallery, but, by' a striange 'coincitdence, whenever one of them takes his diparturd for foreign land`s he usiially:solls the collection for his own benefit. The presbbytery of Melbourne have pro sented to Mr M'Bain theo'mo ey to leave his portrait painted by a well-known Lon don artist. "The 'picture is not to be trusted in the honorable gentleman's hands,. but will be given to his wife on trust, until' her death, after which it is to revert to the church again.' The proceed. ing is a somewhat suggestive one, coming as it did, immediately upon the sale of the pictures. Probably the reverend gentlemen were of opinion that Mr M'Bain could' not take care of himself, and hiis wife was the only fit and proper' person to do so ;" or .probably, after 'the example set by the sole, they may'have thought that Mr 'M'Bain"would have made away. with himself for-baubebs, and' this they were by no moans disposed to allow, but preferred that his wife should have the .care of him, for fear of accidents of any kind. A melancholy incident cropped up in city police court yesterday,. when asyoung woman named Camoron, sued .a young fellow named Fraser, for the support of the illegitimate d6hild of the latter. "The parties met at Warragul in May list, .and the child was .the 'issue of eventb:" Sihe was left without the moans of supporting herself ail the child, ind'could'not bvetn raise none tlh monoy to pttrohtels" snio milk for It. Thes baby preietcited' a wretched aspect, and seemed to be dying in the mothle's arms. She produced hIis letters to hler over thie matter, and stated that at one time lIe had asked her to go to a doctor in-Meolbourno to got rid of the child bdfore its time. After some discus sion, it was fially arranged to postpone the mattct wvithl a view to a settlement Itwas quite 'eviRlent tlhat the child could not live, and its miserable condition ex cited the pity of the bench. The father was induced at last to give the girl £2 to get a doctor for the infint, and she do parted satisatfled. 