THE WESLEIAN CONFERENCE. Tkidat. January 98. Notieei of Motion.— l. By the Ber. J. Nicholson — 'That the Conference regrets that gambling by means of the totalizator Is sanctioned by law, and that the erOs at '''M'''1 are liable to be increased tnereby ; and records its protest against legalized gambling, and resolves to support any movement which may be initiated for the repeal of existing legal sanctions to the use of the totalizator.' 2. By the Bev. C. Lank — ' That in the opinion of this Conference it is desirable that some form of ticket be provided for the recognition of children who are too youn^f or admission to full membership.' 3. By the Kev. S. S. Monc&ieff;, when Question IX. (Church property) is under consideration— ' That, in consequence of the dilapidated condition of the Mission House at Palmerston, it is desirable to make a connezional effort to erect a new one, and that a committee be appointed to take the neces sary steps to secure this object, and also to conserve the vested interests of the Church in the Northern Territory.' The Bey. T. C. Laukance, according to arrange ment, was called upon to make a statement with reference to the interests of the Wesleyan Church in Western Australia. He said it was not needful for him to refer to the extent of Western Atutoalia ; a map would show that it con tained a very lar/e tract of country. Nor did he need to refer to its mineral wealth or jarrah forest. The population, according to the last census, was 29,708, divided thus^Males, 17,062; females, 12,646. During the past eleven years the increase had been 4.923. The population in the chief city, Perth, and the other towns of Western Australia, and the number of members of the Wesleyau Methodist Church, and attendants on public wor ship, were :— rhnr~y, Attendants PopnlaUon. vji^°, on Public Members. Worsbipi Perth ? 5.0M 86 835 Fremantle .. .. 3,641 30 250 Albany .. .. 1,024 15 213 Geraldton .. .. 911 32 670 York ? 757 23 260 Bnnbury .... 533 — — Qnildford .. ..629 2 — The denominations were divided thus : — Religions. 1870. 1881. Decrease. Church of England .. 17,523 16,263 1,260 Boman Catholic .. .. 8,532 8,413 119 Increase. Wesleyan ? 1,647 2,084 437 Congregational .. .* 1,057 1,262 205 Presbyterian .. .. 634 1,001 370 Others ? 815 682 367 Total ? 29,708 There were about 20 Episcopalian clergymen, 14 Boman Catholic, 7 Wesleyan, 2 Congregational, and 1 Presbyterian. Not in a boastful spirit, but as matters of fact which the Conference ought to know, he stated that in the Western Australian District a sum of over £10,000 had been expended in erections, independently of the smaller Church, during the past eighteen years. He had only to add that about the year 1867 they began to raise money for the Foreign Missions, and from that year to the present the annual amount raised had steadily increased, so that last year £136 2s. 3d. was raised as regular missionary income, and in addition Western Australia sent £23 towards liqui dating the debt of the parent Society, and £8 to Bev. George Brown and Fiji Missions. This year the Missionary money raised would equal the amount raised last year for regular income. They had only a debt of about £300 due on the Wesleyan Manse, Northampton, and about £90 due on the Fremantle Church, lately enlarged and reopened. He wished to bear testimony, as the Superinten dent of the Perth Circuit, to the fidelity and earnest ness of his colleague*, and expressed his deep regret at the illness of the Chairman of the District (Bev. W. Lowe) who had, with himself, borne much of the labour and responsibility of the work in Western Australia. He closed by stating that ha should gladly return to labour amongst his kind and long tried friends in Western Australia. Mr. Pope expressed his gratification with Mr. Laurance's address, and the Hon. J. Colton and others acknowledged the value of the information imparted. The President said Mr. Laurance would receive the assurance of such appreciation as equivalent to a formal vote of thanks. CHURCH LOAN FUND. The Hon. J. Cabs presented the balance-sheet for the past year, which was adopted. The total assets of the fund are £5,466, which is lent to various trusts without interest, and the increase of the fund during the year is £229. A donation of £50, to replace a loan made to a trust which had collapsed, had been made by the Treasurer (Hon. J. Carr), and £71 collected from the trusts by the Bev. S. Knight. Cordial thanks were voted to these gentlemen. The usual appointments of Treasurer and Auditors were made, and the regulations reaffirmed without alteration. A request was made by the Port Pirie Circuit to allow of a connezional appeal on behalf of the Port Pirie Church and parsonage by the Bev. C. H. Goldsmith. Statements were made as to the injurious effects of a succession of bad harvests on the Church finances, and the necessity of some special assistance being rendered. The application was granted. The Bev. J. B. Stephensou read the balance sheets of the Book DeDot and the Christian Weekly and Methodist Journal, which were adopted. It was explained that though both the BookDeput and the paper were under the management of the same committee, the accounts were kept separate in order that the financial condition of .each department might be clearly ascertained. The report of the committee respecting the action of the Book Com mittee in acquiring the copyright of the paper was read. It stated that the prospects of the paper had considerably improved, the circulation somewhat increased, and .the outstanding book-debts consider ably reduced. Several members of the Conference referred to the value of the patter as a connexional organ and the general ability with which it was con ducted. A resolution was adopted confirming the action of the committee, and commending the paper to the members of the Church. THE BIBLE IN SCHOOLS. Mr. D. Nock moved the motion standing in his name in favour of the Bible being read in State schools during school hours. He referred to the serious and disastrous results of withholding the principles of the Bible from the education of the children. It was objected by some that this would be the entering wedge for State aid to religion. With that view he did not at all agree. The platform of the Victorian League did not include anything of the kind, nor did the Society established in South Australia. Though the Bible, according to the present Act, might be read before school hours it was excluded during them, and that practically in volved exclusion altogether. He quoted the testi monies of both Mr Gladstone and Mr. Forster to prove that there was no real difficulty in having the Bible read as he desired. The objection was only theoretical. He felt it to be most offensive in the sight of God that this one bo«k, the foundation of all true morality, should be practically excluded from State Bchools. The Bev. C. H. Goldsmith seconded, and urged that the spirit of the ancient principle, which required children to be trained in the knowledge ana fear of God, was still in exis tence. The most important part of education dealt with the moral sentiments, and the Bible was the only foundation for such teaching. He hoped the time would soon come when the existing blot on the BTBtem would be removed. The Bev. J. Nichol son said they should all agree that the Bible was the foundation of moral training. It was necessary to be cautions how they encouraged the formation of a rabid secular opinion. He bad witnessed the process, and the sad results of the exclusion of the Bible from the schools in Victoria. He believed to that fact was partly due the growth of larriMnism. As to the religious difficulty, the experience of the London School Board quite disposed of it The union of denominations on the question was a beautiful illustration of the substantial unity of Christianity. Bespecting the opinions of those who differed from him; he yet found it difficult to understand their attitude, in view of the responsibilities laid upon them when they opposed the reading of the Bible in State schools. The Bev. W. T. Caeter opposed the motion. He deprecated the spirit assumed towards those who thought with him. He revered and believed in the power of the Bible, bnt objected to any departure from the principle of let and let think. Protestantism was in favour of liberty and opposed to coercion. He held that the programme of the Bible in Schools Society involved State aid to religion. Superficially there was something very attractive in bringing the power of the State to bear in this direction. Principles were all very well, but, as Mr. Joseph Cook had said, they must not let their principles carry them over Niagara. There was a coercive element in the programme, because any child with drawn from the Scripture lesson was put to some secular task. The proposed legislation was opposed to the genius of Australian life. British freedom in Australia was freer than in England, and should not te interfered with. The practical solution of the difficulty was for them to do their best to teach Bible truth, as they found opportunity in the way that some earnest people had done. The Bev. J. Allen sup ported the motion. Was such Bible teaching right ? The historical value of the book was sufficient answer. Was it expedient? He said it was, that the needs of the children of irreligious parents might be met, because to avoid it did not meet the case of Boman Catholics and others who objected to religion, for the maintenance of the moral stamina of the nation, and because of the numbers of parents who had signified their wishes in that direction. Mr. Watt said liberty to enjoy the privileges of Bible reading and instruction had been purchased by the best blood of their ancestors, and the withdrawal of it by Parliament was a serious wrong. Mr. Chapple, replying to the Bev. W. T. Carter, said his argu ments did the very thing to which he objected, for they were illustrations of following principles over Niagara. They all wished the youth of the land to be brought up in morality, and Bible truths presented to the minds of the young at some time or other, whether in the schools or not. About the only trustworthy source, and the great standard of morality, was the Bible. Ihe State inculcation of morality was a very different tiling from State aid to denomina tionalism. These great truths were not the shibbo leths of any or all of the Churches. In opposing this Mr. Carter allowed the principle of no State aid to religion to carry him over Niagara. The question of freedom also must be taken with limitations. They were not free to be ignorant or immoral. Com pulsion wa» put upon parents in a given district to send their children to fc particular school. Freedom in such cases was withdrawn, and so the principle insisted on could be carried too far. Here again devotion to liberty carried Mr. Carter over Niagara. As to the suggested remedy, it had been tried hi England, where the conditions wen far more favou rable, and yet the system had failed, while the present plan was succeeding. He doubted whether ministers generally could successfully carry out the plan. With all respect he said that the school masters were better fitted for this work of teaching. The attendance at the Bible lessons he conducted was entirely voluntary, and yet there was only one boy at the College that did not attend. It would be a retrogressive act for them to fall back on a system that had failed and been abandoned. The Bev. B. M. Hcntee said that of all the ghosts that trouble men that of State aid to religion was about the biggest, ugliest, and most bodiless. Morality was inseparable from Christianity, and could not, be taught apart from the Bible. Though some so taught found their way into crime and so into prison, it did not prove that the teaching was valueless.- But for it very many more woold have followed. Borne masters were add to be unfit to #ive a Bible lesson, and if so theyhad better be cashiered forthwith. The Bev. G. W. Patchell, whose speech has since acquired a melancholy interest, commenced by saying that the State had taken the work of education in hand, and monopolized all the time of the chil dren. He referred to the derivation of the term 'educate,' and said it meant a drawing out of the powers that the children possessed. This a purely secular system could not accomplish. It dealt with only one-part of the nature, and that the least important It developed the intellectual faculties but left the moral nature entirely un touched. Such an education was necessarily incom plete, and therefore hs advocated the introduction of the Bible into the system. He urged in support of the motion that it was the expressed wish of the parents in South Australia, who had voted 8 to 1 In favour of it. As to the permission to read the Bible now in the Act it was a dead letter, and the time specified did not suit. It was said that the Sunday schools might supply the lack of service, but statistics of the number of children attending day and Sabbath schools respectively proved that not the half of them belonged to the latter. He did not believe that there was any difficulty in teaching either the great historical .lessons of the B-ble or the moral law which it contained. It would be a sad thing if the Ten Commandments were not incul cated upon the young, for they were the true sanctions of morality. He had been glad to hear so many speeches on the subject, and most of them on the same side, for at the last Conference he was the only speaker. There was then a majority of twoand a-half to one in favour of the motion, but this time he hoped all would be convinced of its propriety and it would be carried unanimously. Towards the close of his speech, Mr. Patchell's voice became weak, and he sat down somewhat abruptly, but it did not excite any apprehension. A brief conversation took place as to whether the debate should go on, as the speaking was almost exclusively on one side. Mr. Millington pressed to be heard, and the President said they would then take the vote unless there was any opponent of the motion. After Mr. Millington had spoken in support of the motion, it was about to be nut, when the Bev. B. S. Casely said, as the Bev. J. B. Stephenson, who with himself intended to vote on the other side, had been compelled to leave, he wished to state why they disagreed with it. He regarded it as a form of State aid to religion, to which he objected, and be thought the present arrangements in the Act should not be dis turbed. While Mr. Casely wis continuing his remarks the Bev. G. W. Patchell was seen to bink partly from his chair. The Bev. H. T. Burgess, who sat next, supported him for a few moments, and then, with the Bevs. C. T. New man and S. Knight, carried him to the open air. It was at once seen that the seizure was of a most serious character, and the Conference broke up in alarm. Medical aid was obtained at once, but the symptoms grew rapidly worse. The afflicted minister was carried into one of the vestries, where Dr. O'Connor, Dr. Henry, and subsequently Dr. Stirling were in attendance. After a brief interval the Pre sident requested the members of the Conference to reassemble in the Church and engage hi prayer. This was continued until it was pronounced that tho seizure was manifestly fatal, and even then groups of ministers and lay gentlemen gathered in various places to pray for the wife and children of the departing minister. The scene was one of extraordinary solemnity, which reached its climax when the announcement was made that all was over, which occurred in less than an hour from the time when Mr. Patchell concluded his speech. EVENING SESSION. It has been arranged for a ministerial session of the Conference to be held in the evening to complete the third reading of the stations. The ministers assembled at half-past 6, and it was immediately agreed that the business could not be proceeded with. Part of a hymn commencing ' Why do we mourn departing friends' was sung, and prayer offered. It was resolved that a message of condo lence be telegraphed to Mrs. Patchell and family. The President of the Conference was requested to preach a funeral sermon in the Pirie-street Church on Sunday evening ; and the Bev. B. S. Casely to prepare an obituary notice. Some other funeral arrangements were made, and the Conference adjourned. 