CHAPTER LII. MRS. MORTON. Among the patients that Mr! Frank Mende, KlllC.S., had of his own chanced to be one Mrs. Morton, whose husband had taken a house for a few weeks in the neighbourhood of Mogadion, though at the distance of some miles from it. This lady was a very pretty and interesting bride, and it was a great annoyance bo Mr. Morton, who knew the neighbourhood, that the place he had fixed upon without consulting her, and as ' a surprise ' for their honeymoon, in the midst of so many charming-walks and irives, should have been a comparative failure from her inability to enjoy them. She had sprained her ankle on the first day of her arrival, and had 'never left the house. The ense was curious, for though she professed herself to be in some pain, and quite unable to move, there were no external symptoms of any mischief. Mr. Morton, who was much her senior, and pas sionately devoted to her, was greatly concerned about her; and ' Frank had promised him, though the1, patient expressed herself as strongly opposed to it, that if the matter was not set right by a'certain date he would call in another opinion, and in the mean time would pay the patient a daily visit. A sprained ankle is a small thing — and Mrs. Morton's ankle was a very small thing— but there were circumstances in the case which, independent of the youth and beauty of the sufferer, and even of her 'confidence in his professional skill, made it., a-., very interesting one to her medical adviser. Upon his first being called in to Mrs. Morton he was struck by a very extraordinary resemblance she bore to the little girl whose life, as lias been mentioned, he had in vain attempted to save in the London hospital, and to whom, in fact he had sacrificed his health. The child in question, however being of humble rank, and very unlikely to be connected with a lady of his new patient's social position, he had endeavoured to dismiss the matter from his mind as being a mere coincidence. Nevertheless, the more he saw of Mrs. Morton the more the resemblance grew upon him, and on .one occasion, when they happened to be alone together, he ventured to allude to the subject. 'I once had a little patient at my hospital in London,' he said, ' ' of whom' you remind me exceedingly. ' 'What!' she cried, 'is it possible that you are the Mr. Meade who attended ' little Alice?'' (So she had been called in the ward, .?where she was a great favourite, and by that name mentioned in the papers, for the case had been quite a cause cdUbre in the medical world. ) ' ' It was I who attended her,' he answered, modestly, 'though, as it turned out, poor child, to very little purpose.' 'But with consequences to yourself, as I understood,' she put in, in a trembling voice, 'of a very serious kind.' 'Oh ? I am getting better of all that,' he answered, smiling. But she did not seem to hear him. The colour had fled from her face, and she had become extremely agitated. 'Mr. Meade,' she said, 'that was my.sister ! You may well look astonished. It strikes, you, no doubt, as strange that any relation of mine should have been so poor and so neglected.' Here the tears came into her eyes ; and it was with eager haste that the young doctor began to utter some commonplaces about a hospital being the very best place, whether for rich or poor, for a patient to receive care and attention. She waved her hand impatiently, as if to dismiss such argu ments. 'I was poor myself at that time,' she said. 'Up to the day my good husband married me I was quite a poor girl. I am not ashamed of that.' , She hesitated. The young doctor's face was an expressive one, though he had learnt in the practice' of his profession to school it. She read in it the .deduction he. had drawn, and the colour flew to her cheeks. ' ? 'And whatever I may have been,' she added with vehemence, 'I have no secrets from my husband.' 'Indeed, madam,' said Frank earnestly, 'I have never supposed it.' ' No ; ^you 'd'6''gtK)d to your fellow-creatures ; you are not a man wK6 presu)5iJdsesVvil of all womankind,' she continued ? rapidljv^' *' and you nrfc a gentleman, I am sure. Though my husband kno.wjs'- ins; Jfdrmer humble position, and everything ifconn'ecte^v^fch it, r.ha/'e — being a woman,' here she smiled like f an ang^.^ some, foolish pride. I do not wish others to know i ?-$?q hur^on.'jfe'ing will hear one word of it through me, isjulrfn^^--^ 'Tao'hot fear it. If I did, I should still not regret having made you the confession. I owed it to you for my dear sister's sake.' The young doctor made haste to dismiss the subject. There was no further allusion to it on either side, but from henceforth he took a great interest in his patient, while she, on her part, seemed to reciprocate it, since she talked to him unreservedly upon his own position and prospects, and even drew from him, with womanly touch, how matters stood with him in connexion with Maude and friends at the Knoll. This last information made her look so unaccountably grave, that, if Frank had been ever so little of a coxcomb he might have flattered himself that she was jealous of his intended. But the attachment between the young doctor and his patient, though it was very genuine, was quite Platonic. What was curious, and exhibited a power of the emotions over the muscles not generally admited, as soon as Mrs. Morton understood that Frank wanted to get away to Dartmoor (for he actually made her the depository of that dead secret), than her ankle began to grow stronger, and he found himself able to undertake the expedition at an earlier date than he had fixed for it. His first step was to reveal what Abel Deedes had told him to the rector, who at once expressed his conviction that there was f something amiss .in that story of Kit's death and burial. 'My opinion of Christopher Garston, as you know, Frank, was never a good one. With all his cleverness and good looks that man . was morally a ' Claf horer. '' ; 'That sounds very bad,' said Frank, who was under the dis- ! advantage of not understanding the old Cornish tongue. ':? 'u . ''Clafhorer' means 'leper,'' explained the rector ; 'that young man was a very bad lot, and I shall not be surprised at anything that comes out against him.' Instead of going his usual round among his patients, Frank ' started the next morning with Mr. Penryn for the convict prison. ' In no habitable part of Great Britain,' writes one who had . good reason for his statement, having himself ' worked out bis time' there, 'is the severity of winter felt more than at Dartmoor. Knin is thought nothing of, as it mostly rains or drizzles, but the thick fogs soak through everything.' Though the winter had not set in when Frank and the rector visited the place, the fogs had. They had a weird and desolate drive from the railway station over the moor, where the mist lay so thick that they came upon the picket of the civil guard, armed with rifle and bayonet, who form a cordon round the gaol, before the I cloomy pile itself loomed up before them. 'What a .place,' I was the secret thought of both of them,- ' for a man of Chris I topber Garston's temperament to have been' immured, and what I desperate plan would he not have been capable of adopting to I escape from it?' I The gaol chaplain received them with cordiality, and showed I them over the dread domain. They saw the cell in which JCit I had been confined, with its narrow window of rough glass, I through which but- a strip of dull sky was 'visible ;; its rude flat I table, its narrow shelf and dreary ;?, fittings— a melancholy cage,: I indeed, for such a song-bird. Then they were introduced to the I infirmary, where' he had occupied a double-bedded room. His I companion had been a brother of one of the warders, himself I employed in the prison, but admitted as a patient by favour, I who had died within a day or two of ;Kit himself. The warder I had since left the prison, and there was none to speak with much I personal knowledge of Kit's last hours. The chaplain had not I been called in to him, as he had died suddenly in the night, arid I the doctor who had attended him. was a stranger; who had acted as the locum lenens of the ordinary surgeon, who had been away upon his holiday. I This information all tended to confirm the visitors' suspicions, which, when they had heard all he had to say, they communi cated.to their host, the chaplain. That gentleman, though by no means staggered by their story— he was in the habit of receiving such amazing revelations from the members of his tainted flock that a mild surprise was the most of '.which his nature was now capable— thought it of sufficient importance to lay before the governor, to whom they were in consequence introduced. -He listened to their narrative with great politeness, but with a somewhat amused expression of countenance. There were not many subjects open to humorous treatment at Dartmoor, but any notion that 'our system,' could be in fault, or that the'-' authorities could be deceived, was always a good joke. Prisoners sometimes expired, he allowed, at Dartmoor before their sentences did; but none ever left the place, alive before the proper time. Such an incident was contrary to experience, common sense, and even possibility. However, since the 'system' had been impugned, it was necessary to establish his infallibility. His position invested him with special powers ; he could have a convict's body exhumed without application to the Home Secretary. If the remains of 18,422 (the number Avhich sufficed poor Kit for name while an inmate of the prison) should he found where, they were supposed to be, and identified, he concluded that Mr. Penryn. and. his young friend would acknow ledge their suspicions to be unfounded ; but to that end they must accept his hospitality for the night. To this, of course, they consented; and the next morning, accompanied by certain officials, all repaired to the little church yard. A small headstone, ordered by Trenna, was being pre pared by the village stonemason for her brother's grave/ but at present it lay bare and naked enough, without eve n the turf upon it. It was but the work of a few minutes to dig down through the soft earth to the deal coffin, to open which as little time sufficed. Its contents, instead- of ' the house not built with hands ' which ought to have been' there, were the mate rials for an actual dwelling house — bricks and plaster. The general amazement was pretty considerable, but that of the governor bordered on the sublime. 'Why, goodness gracious!' he exclaimed. Our whole system has broken down !' ' ? -' And so it had. On a searching inquiry, the facts, of Kit's escape, which it is fair (to the system) to add had been greatly aided by circumstances — were as follows :— The warder of the infirmary had been bribed. When his brother died he. had called in the locum tenens of the prison surgeon, who knew none of its inmates, and given the name of the deceased as that of Christopher Garston, in whose name the certificate of death was duly made out. For the interment a coffin and the brickbats were at once provided, but the body was retained to play another part. The regular prison surgeon, who was to return next day to his duties, of course made no difficulty in giving a certificate of death in the name of the warder's brother ; while No. 18,422 was already struck off the prison roll. Though not easy, it therefore became not impossible to smuggle him out of the gnol ; and, without doubt, this had been effected. Where the money had come from to accomplish all these objects no one knew ; but that money had done it. aided by assistance from without, was certain. It is possible that the Rook's Creek mine, though it did not turn out satisfactorily to the shareholders, had been worked to a profit by its enterprising originator ; or perhaps some denier in the precious metals, less fortunate than Mr. Fleskor (who did get back his diamond), had contributed to Kit's privnte stores. The Rio ship had been an ordinary trader, the captain of which had been induced by certain golden arguments to take two brothers ns passengers in lieu of t-art of his freight. All this was in time made ns clear ns daylight to every one but the person whom it wan most important to convince. The belief of a lifetime was not to be shaken by a fact or two, adduced, also, by persons who had a personal interest in their acceptance. ?Uoe8 a mother believe in her darling's guilt because the world aoes so, or a miserable minority of it— say twelve— have hap 5?n,ea to convipt him? And Mark's love for Kit, if not equal to that of a mother for her oftspring, surpassed that of brother for brother. The sense, too, of loving service done, always strong in. grateful hearts, no doubt helped to close his ears against the Voice of reason. Lnstly, he clung to the belief that Kit's aifec tionfor him had, in truth, survived death itself ; and that, no matter what story might bo devised to take from him that comfort, he had, indeed, beheld his old friend in the spirit, and listened to his voice from beyond the grave. Mr. Penryn, indeed, took another view of the position. If, ho said, we find so many persons who pretend to believe that they Have Been a ghost, still sticking to their story, in the teeth both +u n.r£urnonts and ridicule, how much more was it to be expected that a man who really believed he bad seen one should refuse to bo convinced to the contrary? But the rector had no matrimonial intentions to which Mark's scepticism presented the only obstacle, and could therefore nttord J° be philosophic ; while Mr. Frank Meade could not. That bis marriage would take place, notwithstanding Mark's continued opposition, was probable enough ; but, in that ease, it would be a very different affair from what both Maud and himself bad Pictured. As mutters stood, its accomplishment bade fair to weak up the little household at the Knoll altogether. The circumstances, ho every way painful and peculiar, were, of course, kept to themselves us much us possible ; but Mrs. Morton was one ot the few persons to whom Frank unreservedly confided «iem. It is difficult for a man to decline the proffered sympathy nf aPre**J' tln.d interesting young woman in any case, but the tie ot ner dead sister bound her and Frank together far closer than '|ny. new-made friendship could have done. Moreover, the period «*? Airs. Morton's sojourn in tho neighbourhood of Mogadion was v-oming to an end, and tho sense of parting, perhaps, drew her nearer to him. She was no longer his patient, though strange n?,Si I re?overy of her health did not result in those walks w™ ,hc ° ^hlc\her huBband! looked forward; but on the day before her departure he came ,tp pay her a' farewell visit. +;«,, ^i e be the occasion of a very strange communica affairs a revolution of a surprising nature in his'own „,»' M+' JreatJe-'.' she said, ' if this were not the last time we were to meet— in all probability for ever— perhaps I should hesitate to do ^vhat I am about to do, even for your sake. It will cost me something, but it will coat me less than if you knew what it cost me. .Therefore, I must beg of you— no matter what surprise you may feel at what I have to say to you— that you will askmeno questions.' Frank's surprise was certainly very considerable, but he bowed respectful acquiescence. ; , Hereis a letter, she went on, 'which, without saying one more word than is necessary to account for your possession of it, a'thons1e you to give to the person to whom it is addressed.' Me took the letter, which; to his amazement, he saw was addressed to Mark Medway. . , ' But, my dear. madam,' he remonstrated, 'if this, as I venture to conclude, has any reference to myself or my own attairs, 1 mus,t needs say that in Mark's present state of mind — ' khe put up her hand to stop him. ' You are about to say, no doubt, that my interposition on the part of a stranger on your behalf cannot possibly affect Mr. Medway except for ill. You are mistaken there ; it will affect him and your own interests very much, and for good. It may be necessary, perhaps, to state, here her voice ialtered, and the tears came suddenly into her eyes, that I am not altogether a stranger to your friend. To ask more of me in the way of explanation would be a breach of the promise you have tacitly given me.' _ Then I will say no more, madam, but will gratefully do your bidding, ; said Frank, gently. 'Even if nothing should come of it, I shall never forget your generous intention. 'r And while, the, memory of my little sister abides with me, Mr. Meade, I- shall never forget you and what you did for her. It is curious,' she added, with' a faint smile, 'but though you will reap the benefit of it, you will never know what I have done for you.' In a few minutes afterwards Frank had taken his leave and turned his horse's head (well did that steed know his road by this time) to the Knoll. Upon the way, «as it happened, he met Mark, taking one of his solitary walks. He would, perhaps, have passed the other without speaking to him — so far had the gulf widened between them— had not Frank stopped him to give him Mrs. Morton's letter. Mark looked at the superscription, started, turned very red, and then asked shortly, 'Who gave you this?' 'The writer,' answered Frank, quietly. Instinct, or perhaps mere curiosity, prompted him to check his horse, and remain where he was. It was possible, moreover, that some answer might be entrusted to him. Mark became at once too intensely absorbed in thg contents of the letter to know whether the other had gone on or still stood there. 'Dear Mr. Medway,' it ran, ' I little thought that I should ever give you the pain of once more receiving any. communication from my hand. It is not for my own sake that I address you, but for yours ; to save you' from the persistence in a great wrong to one of the best and worthiest of men, and to open your eyes, since no one else, can do it, as regards — ? ' (here there was an erasure ; was it possible she had written 'the worst,' and that some tender remem brance of the past had caused her to blot it out?)— 'as regards another man. In your last letter to me, full of unmerited gentleness and forbearance towards myself, you expressed your self with the utmost bitterness and indignation against a certain person, but for whom, as you imagined. I might have been worthy of your love. Against that person (think of what it costs -me to write all this, and then judge whether aught of it can be less than truth itself?), against that person I may have wrongs to urge, but not the wrong you imputed to him. Instead of his name put that of Christopher Garston, and the indignation you. have expressed will be just. My lot is a happy one, blessed beyond all hope or merit, as the bearer of this note will tell you ; but it is no thanks to Christopher Garston, by whom my young life was cankered in the bud, that I am not a sinner and a castaway. If I ever read your heart aright I am sure of these two things— first, that after reading this, written, as it seems to me, with my life s blood, you will destroy it ; secondly, that you will take to your heart the man who gives it to you, and keep him there to fill the place from which these words of mine will have cast out an unworthy tenant. I am giving you terrible pain, I know, for lean feel for you. There was a time, Heaven knows, when Christopher Garston was all in all to me.'' There was nothing more — not even a signature. Mark looked up with a sigh that seemed to come from his very soul, and saw Frank standing near, his bridle under his arm, and his horse cropping the' grass. 'Who is she?'1 The words were simple enough, but the tone in which they were uttered conveyed another meaning. Frank understood at once that what the other meant was, ' Who is she now t' When he had told him all he knew of her, Mark asked, with the red in his cheek, whether she had been long in her present place of residence? \ , ' ' Three months. She has had a sprained ankle, which confined her to the house!' he answered, replying to the others' thought, 'Why have I not seen her?' The explanation of poor Mrs. Morton's complaint was now plain enough. She had had her' reasons for keeping .within' doors. ' She leaves this neighbourhood to- morrow, ' continued Frank, significantly. ; ? Mark sighed again, but this tune there was relief, as well as regret, in it. . ' ' ? . 'Better so,' he murmured. Then he held out his hand, 'Frank, I have been very wrong.' ? ' Say wronged, Mark,' was the grave rejoinder. 'Hush, hush; you will forgive me, I know, but do not let your generosity stop there. I thought him dead. He is dead to me now ; let him be dead to you, and being so, speak no ill of him.' ' I never will, Mark. Let us forget him.' ? ' Forget him ? That I can never do. Poor Kit : poor Kit. And for the first time in his life, Frank beheld ins friend in tears. , , _, . ' , And both men kept their words. From that day Christopher Garston was but a memory. It wns understood at the Knoll that there were no questions to be asked concerning Mark's change of opinion. The ladles were too glad to find that it had changed to be curious as to the means whereby that had been brought about. Scarce Frank himself was more impatient for his marriage-day than Mark now became to witness it. It seemed that he could never do enough in the way of friendship and brotherly love to make up for his recent antagonism. In time — though it took a long time — Mark resumed Ins old ways and work ; and . it is thought not impossible that by the time he is a great-uncle he will be in a position to publish the first volume of his county history. The parallel there ceases, for the work being in quarto, the phrase ' Welcome, little stranger,' would be not altogether appropriate to its appearance. From this delicate allusion \t will have been manifest that Frank and Maud were duly united. How their wedding-day, though long fixed, should have been known so far away they could never discover ; it was only one more mystery added to many in con nexion with the persons concerned ; but on that very morning the last missive Maud Medway received in her maiden name was a telegram from Valparaiso. 'All happiness attend you both. We are as you would wisli us to be. Farewell. — Trenna.' From which it was gathered (I trust rightly) that in another clime, and under other circumstances, Kit is leading a now life, and doing well. ' THE END. 