Amusements. Theatre Royal. — The days of ' Henry V.,' are now numbered, as it will be taken off after Friday night next to make room for G. E. ft'ms's latest Lon don success, entitled, ' Eomany Eye,' which has now been in active rehearsal for some time. Opera House. — The 'Strategist' still draws crowded houses : and, judging from present appear ances, is not likely to be withdrawn for some time to come. Mr. Wilson, the spirited lessee has certainly struck a bonanza .in the Polks' engagement. Gatett Theatee. — Mr. Sheridan repeated his performance of '' Hamlet ' at this place -of amuse ment -on Saturday night wlien the house was -crowded in every part. Mr. Sheridan has thoroughly estab lished iia reputation here as an actor of great ability, and every fresh Shakespearian representation he makes is marked with much interest. In his por trayal of the part of the Danish Prince thov^ ate signs of a somewhat hasty study, for the a-_t.;r is anything but perfect in the test. The pecu liar manner he has of clipping the ends of many words is particularly noticeable in this per formance, but with these exceptions Mr. Sheri dan .gives a, good Bcholarly renoering of the character, -which, however, is by no means one of his best parts. In eome of the scenes he was particularly vigorous — -perhaps more so than the occasion re quired, but his efforts were highly appreciated, and fie -was frequently called before the curtain. On the whole the support accorded him by the other mem bers of the company was only moderate. The Eoratio of Mr. Burton Licked almost everything essential to the friend and companion of the Prince. The ^rhost of Mr. Eaicford was rather a ' doubtful'' than an ' honest' ghost ; but Mr. Gates gax& sl, care ful rendering of the part of Laertes, while Mr. Joe Stark as Polonius was excellent. In the hands of Mr. Joe Eaynor the character of Claudius lost nothing, and proves that age has little effect upon ?fclng fine old actor except te jnake him, like wine, improve. Miss Davenport as Ophelia, had a part to which she was more suited than to anything in which we have yet seen her. Miss Bella Camni, though somewhat nervous, made a dainty Osric. Miss MoLvillo irajj unmewTint. nvpr-weiirTiierl ass the Oncan. and Miss Mowbray did what little she had to do as the player of Queen satisfactorily. Last night by special desire 'The Marble Heart' waa reproduced tnd was as upon former occasions a great success. Tie house was crowded. To- night is the last night of the present season, and the occasion will be masked by a special programme for the benefit of Mir, Frank -Gates, on which occasion that gentle man will appear as Iago for the first time. Mr. Sheridan will sustain the part of iho Moor, and Miss Davenport that of Desdemona ; so that a treat of no ordinary kind may be anticipated. After to night the theatre will be -closed until Saturday, when gL -new dramatic eeason will -conimenco under the direct auspices of Mr. Bayless. 