The Wheels. There is tremendous excitement among the wheels, for there are to be races on Boxinsr Day and New Year's Day, and the training done is wonderful, especially the New-ste(a)ed man who distinguished himself at the Inst races. Didd; has made a wager that Stom can't do two miles under^ seven minutes. Two daring roadster men arc going to Warwick on their bikes via Cunningham's Gap. Best of all, though, there is talk of a camp at Southport. The fellows are all on the qui vive for the Ipswich races. There are already 10 entries from Brisbane for these. Yet, somehow, FIGARO thinks the Brisbane races will be the most interesting, because at these some five or six trained well matched boys are to start." White-and-blue is my tip for the Ipswich event, but I am afraid to give any for the Brisbane race. . Ted Mark well and Stom went to Ipswich on Sunday morning. The trip up was delightful. A light fresh wind was blowing and the road was very good. The journey up there occupied 3£ hours, including half-an-h our stoppage for breakfast. It was when they started to come back that all the fan commenced; because they found a most determined shiftful gale blowing right ahead. Ted climbed up Limestone Hill in the teeth of it and remarked when he got to the top- that he never worked harder in his life. Stom don't like hard work, so he walked up. It took the pair two hours to do seven or eisght miles, working like niggers, too. Ted swore like a Trojan. Stom took it quietly because the wind had played him that trick often before at times when he had been coming from Ipswich in the afternoon. He merely told Ted that he once euchred it, by turning back when he got to Goodna! The travellers, however, fortified with a jolly tuck in, or blow out, whichever you like, at . Goodna, and, lighting their lamps, for: night had nearly closed in, buckled to working their passage again. When Pullen Pullen Plat was reached, both Limps were out and the bikes were gliding along in the dark, like ghosts. Suddenly, Stom got oif to examine something that looked like a " drunk and disorderly," and found it to be a stump right in the middle of the track. At the same time, Ted got mixed in the branches o a tree. The rest of the distance to Oxley was walked, the pair keeping their peckers up by singing Salvation Army hymns! When Oxley was reached, lamps were relighted and a spurt made for home. Phelan has no more filling in him than a broomstick. He has been rooting up holes on the Cleveland road again. Un-phelan feline! 