M'Kenzie's Ghost. BY SILVERLEAF. It was in the month of April, when the summer with its long days and intolerable heat had become a thing of the past, and been succeeded by sunshiny days with cool breezes and heavy night dews— a welcome change, for, during the long summer, on the plains of the interior, the nights are dewless. — Dan Cassidy and I were camped oat on the edge of a thick scrub, moonlighting cattle. Who and what I was is of very little consequence to anybody: the matter of the greatest moment to me was the fact that I was 'down on my luck.' My colonial experience had resulted in a very short time in empty pockets, and the principal concern with me just thai was to get them replenished, or to learn how to get on without the needful, which I had valued so lightly and got rid of so easily. I waa now on a visit to my friend Delamere, at his sta tion some 400 miles from Sydney, on the great grassy plains, where for miles and miles not & hill is to be seen, the only variation in the landscape bong the difference between vast plains, box forests, and pine scrubs, and where the eye aches for the changes of hill and dale, and rolling river, and the many beauties of wild and rugged scenery. Delamere and I had been cihums at school in the bygone past and faBt friends afterwards, but we had been parted many years, during which he had gone ap whilst I had been going down, having dissipated my patrimony like tbe prodigal eon in riotous living, while my steady friend had, by dint of perseverance and hard work, added little by little to. the very slender means with which he began life, until, at the time of 'which I write, he was a prosperous man, with a good run, well secured and improved, and happy in the possesion of a charming wife and three lovely children. With as good or better abilities than my friend, with greater means and more chances, I had let all life's prizes drift by me. I had forfeited the love of a noble woman, who bad given me np becaase, as she said, she dared not riek ber life's happiness with one Bhe could not respect. So here I was, at the age of 35, without means or prospects, and availing myself of my friend's invitation whilst awaiting remittances from home, and of which I was anything but sanguine, from the tenor of mv father's last letter, as he said in justice to the rest of the family he could do no more forme. Being a good rider, having been a daring fox hunter in the old country, I was ready and willing to assist my friend in the station work. So this is how it was that the stockman, Dan, and I were waiting, with what patience we might, the stringing in of the scrub cattle on to the plains to feed ; other parties were Btationed as we were, whilst another herded a mob of quiet cattle on the plains, in the hope that they might act as decoys to entice the wilder animals to join them. The run had been recently fenced and many of the scrub tattle had been left outside, a portion of the fence had been intentionally left open, and it was our object to get these gentry in. After supper we separated, to await the rising of the moon and the advent of our unsuspecting game. . I attached myself to Dan Cassidy, stockman, horse breaker, rough-rider, and factotum in general as to horses and cattle. I thought he looked dubiously at me, as being a new chum, but be said nothing, and he knew that a6 far as going went, I could both stick on, and go as if the Father of Evil were behind me. ' It isn't the goin' ; any fool can do that,' remarked Dan sententiously ; 'it's the gineralship as does it, to get scrubbers a jnan must be a good gineral ; all you've got to do is to follow me, when I go aisy aisy it is, and when I gives the mare the spur, go like the mischief ; but don't go on your own account at thim bastes like a bull at a gate, because if ye do ve'll lose every hoof of thim.' The waiting seemed veiy long to me, the moon appeared to be behind time, and aB if it would fail to keep its appointment. I fidgeted and fumed, and looked at my watch repeatedly by the light of the fire. 'My watch must have stopped,' said I, 'it is not 8 yet, and the moon does not rise till 9. Don't you think we would do better if we were to ride into the scrub a&d; rouse them out ; it is such slow work waiting.' ?' Fair and aisy,' said D-»n. ' Huriy never caught any thing yet, barrin flays, and I do&'t know but thims asier tuk goin' stiddy at it ; ye'llhave worrttk and plinty before ye are two hours older ; so justkape yersilf inresarve.' While .he spoke Dan kept puffing away at his short clay pipe, and by the light of the fire carving his stockwhip handle; this was an unfailing source of amusement ana employment to him, and mnch time and labour had been expended upon it. The substance was the sweet-scented myall wood, and on it he had carved, in his idle moments, specimens of the fauna and flora by which he was sur rounded, emu, swans, bralga (native, companion), snakes, trees, and flowers, all faithfully depicted in minute and beautiful characters, not in high relief, but, so clearly and oorrectly, as to show ability of no mean order. Use had put I a fine polish on the whole. When I first beheld this primitive work of art I considered it perfect, but Dan always had | something to do to it; and now was busying himself in elaborating the feathers of the emu, though he must have had keen eyesight to work in the uncertain light of the fire. I4hrew myrelf down, resolved to wait as'patiently as I could ; but thoughts, haunting, clinging thoughts, that would not be shaken off, but would intrude, tormenting me with might have-beens, made it terribly wearisome. Long ago I had found out that active employment is the great panacea for trouble and care— labour of some exhaustive kind which gives no time for fretting and fuming, and if it does not cure \- life's ills at least makes us forget them. But to wait here in the dim light, restless but inactive, withnothing to do but think, think, was maddening to one of my irritable tem perament, more especially as conscience, that stern monitor, told me with still but never .ceasing tongue that my troubles had been of -toy own making. I had with a liberal baud scattered the thorns on my couch, and had no right to start and writhe at the sharp stabs they gave me. ' Tell me a yarn, Dan,' said I, no longer able to bear the silence. and monotony; 'something to pass the time and enable a fellow to shake off the blues.' Sure, Misther Stanley,' said he, ' ye've heard most of my yams more than wonst, and I don't suppose you'd care tfthear them again.' 'Oh, I don't care, tell me what you like. Your stories, - Dan, are worth hearing twice, and that's more than I can say for those of most folks.' ' Did l ever tell you about that ghost I saw when I lived the other side or the Bliie Mountains wid Misther O'Mulligan?' '' No, but that's a sice pleasant subject to cheer up a man with who is down in the dumps ; but fire away, a fine lively ghost may scare away the phantoms which haunt me so ^ Dan laitT aside his pipe, and threw a pine branch on the fire, resumed his carving, and commenced his yarn. 44 1 wasn't always a stockman, though I've been amongst horses and stock most all my life. When I fust come out fr$in ould . Ireland {sorra's the day I left her) I tuk sarvice wid Misther O'Mulligan as coachman. I liked the place well enough* but the missis's narves was tryin'. She was always afeard of stumpholes and being run into, and kep' a telling me to look out for danger when there' was ne'er a thing nigh, that I was time and again close up having a rale accident. 'Well, the masther come back from Sydney won day, bringing a painter chap from the ould country as had brought 'letthers to inthrojuice him. And themasther, being good-natured-like, invited him to pay him a visit, telling him the scenery was grand, and he would be charmed with it ; though what there was to look at barrin hills, trees, and roc&s;, wid a glimpse of the say beyant, passes me, foe houses was mighty scarce, and there wasn't a dacent bit of road for miles; and the stones were that bad that the horses was for ever casting their shoes and breaking their feet. ' Well, when I was driving the masther and him from the train, I beard him a telling that there warn't no worrk for his purfession, and that he was mortal sorry he ever set fut in Australy. He'd painted two pictures and couldn't git nobody to buy them ; won I heard say was ' Melrose Abbey in a Fog,' and the other ' Sydney in a Brickfielder.' f. saw them afther— for he persuaded the masther to buy them — and if thims pictures. I could do betther myself, for ye couldn't see ne'er a thing in ayther of 'em but fog and dust. A gentleman says one day to the masther, ? Ye've had je're pictures damaged, and most oblite rated,' and the masther had to explain ; but the painter chap said as he knowed nothing of art. ' Well, whin he'd been there a wake or two, aad I seen as he looked ravther out at elbows, I thought to a done him a good turn. There was an ould dray that ye could not tell what colour it might have been, bo little paint was left on it ; and there was some wather casks and tanks as wanted painting powerful bad; so I sayBto him one day when I was driving him to a place as he wanted to make a picture of— though it was nothing but a great rock wid a i ree overhanging it, wid a tiny spring trickling out of it — ' * I can put ye up to a job,' says I. 1 1 knows Eomewan as wants some painting done, and would pay well for it, ayther by the day or for the lump.' ' * Who is it?' says he, quite brisk. \-- - why, themasther,' says I. ' Sure there's our ould dray, and all the tanks and casks, they have'nt had thelaste taste of a brush th*'s many a day, and if ye done thim well ye might git the house itself to do both inside and out.'_ ' Now, would yon belave it. sor, the painter chap, instead of being grateful, he first couldn't spake for passion, and thin he called me all sorts of names^ and abused ould Ireland in such an ondacent fashion tbat if he hadn't been such a mere thrid-paper of a fellow, not weighing more than eight stone, x'd a lam'd him down to righto. ' When we got back he nps and tells the masther as I I'd insulted bim ; but when I'd explained, the masther saw atwanstas I'd been wishful to do him a kindness. But, lor! how he laffed, and I heerd him a telling the missis. Whativer he tould the painter chap I don't know, but he comes out to me whilst I was a grooming my horses, and makes me an apology, so handsome that we was as good friends as iver. Poor chap, he puts his hands into his tickets, falin' for what I knowed as well as bim 7, H there, and blushed as he said, * Well, Din, if i waiT \ IB man I'd give you something worth having, but whenV«ii - B some of my pictures I won't forget vou.' ES ' After this 1 took him out more than iver ? h SB were as narvous as a woman, still it mostwava lui! ? that the places he fancied was alwavs the' harde*?n? |B come bv. w « He*'d gone a long drive won day, and the sua *u . H going down, and I kep a calling to him to hurrv as ii dark quick in thim mountains. * ' « 'All right, Dan,' says he, 'in a minute;' 'but he ken' on H working away at a great tree as had been struck bv liiht H ning, which showed he were a fool, for there was good timW close anigh him. ?? ' At last the sun was gone, and it got dusk all at wamf ''It'll take us two good hours,' says I, « gittin back L H the road goes a long way round. We should a made thrill H an hour or more ago.' 3 ' ' Is there not a shorter road ?' said he. ' 'Well, there is,* saya I, « but I'm afraid you'll ;/ H mighty rough.' ' ' Oh, I don't mind that,' says he. ' ' And I ain't that sure of it, meself,' save I. ' ' I'm not afraid to trust myself to your guidano* ' he, « and I'd like to go a new road. See ! the moon is mat rising, and I may see a new and beautiful view by her liiht Let us go tbe short cut, I much prefer it.' ° ' Well, truth to tell, I didn't care about this short cut and I was sorry enough I'd spoke of it. Before my time a H man named M'Kenzie had hanged himself on an ould tree ^B that had its branches right across the track. Poorchau' I ^B suppose he tried a quick and aisy road out of this world and its troubles. However that may be, he didn't ssatn to ^B find the nixt any aiBier, for more than wtin teiled ms that ^B they'd seen his ghost a hanging on that tree on moonlight ^B ' I warn't afeard of ghosts, nivor a wan ; more by tokea I ^B seen too many in the ould country— ghosts with gun*-toa ^B skulking behind hedges, as it wouldn't be safe for an agiat ^B or landlord to meet; but all the same I liked the other road ^B especially at nighttime, but I didn't like to own up to that ^B painter chap, so I started. ' Then I began telling him all about M'Kenzie, and how H he'd put an end to himself on this road, and how we had to ^B pass right under the tree where he hanged himself, for than ^B was a deep gully on one side and a high cliff on the other ^B so there waB no possible turn off. ' ?' He was powerful interested, and kep' asking me at every ^B tree if tbat was it. ' ^B ' ' Jist the next turn in the road,' nays I; -a tree with a ^B laninglimb; it's close handy.' ^B ' The moon waa purty Bright by this time, and as wa ^B drove round a rock there was the tree wid its white bark ^B gleaming in the moonlight, and a gaunt limb barring the ^B way, and, as I live, there was M'Kenzie a hanging on it ^B 'The painter chap clung to me, his teeth chattering H andjhis face as white as ashes. He tried to spake, but uttered ^B niver a word. ^B 'I plucked up spirits, though, truth to tell, my heart was ^B in my boots. If it had been possible I'd turned round and ^B druv back, but the road was too narrow, so I whipped up ^B the horse, but he seen the ghost too, and divil a fut would ^B he stir, but my timper got up, and I give him the lash ; he ^B made a violent plunge, then a rear and a swerve, and the ^B nixt I knew, the buggy, horse, painter, and me wag all ^B a struggling and kicking together within a foot of the pre- ^B cipice; tbe horse soon kicked himself free, and flew like a ^B deer away from the tree. I looked back over my shoulder, ^B and there was the ghost a wavin' in the wind, and it seemed ^B to me as if it was coming down after us, so I just cot ^B hoult of the painter chap, aud shouted in his ear, ? Bin, my bye, rin, the divil's afther us.' He needed no ^B second, bidding you may belave ; he jist did rin, and I with ^B him, and wher'd we'd a stopped it is hard to say if we'd not ^B seen a light twinkling up on the side of the bill. Wa made ^B for it, and was not long bursting in and barring the door, ^B tbe people thinking as we'd gone mad. ^B ' The painter chap just stepped over the flure, whia he ^B stumbled and fell, and fainted away like a girl. ^B ' The good woman, instead of bothering us wid questions, fust brought the painter to, and then gave us some supper. She put before us some f uet-rate soup, and whin I'd disposed of about a quart of it I began to tell thim of the ghost, and ^B — would you belave it— thim haythene laffed. If yc don't believe me,' says I, mighty fierce, 'ye : may go and see for yersilves. I'll take my oath that there's | an ould man a hanging on M'Kenzie's tree thu biassed ^B night.' m I ' Thrue for ye,' says wan strip of a gossoon. ' I'll go I bail for ye, there's an ould man banging there.' ^B | ' ' Then what the mischief did ye latf at me for whin I ^B | tould ve ? ' ^B I t laffed,' says he, ' becase ye said ye'd seen a ghost \- Now, I don't belave in ghosts, but 1 know there's an ouli [ man there, for mo ana Tim hung him there tnis very ^B forenoon.' ^B ' ' Ye murtherin' hounds ! ' says I, catching hoult of the ^B painter, ' let's out of this whilst we've any life left.' ' At this they laffed more than ever, till they shrieked ^B again, wan of them barring the deore so aB we couldn't git ^B out. I determined to sell my life dear, so, seizing a knife and putting my back agin the wail, I says : ' Uome on, ^B ye bloodthirsty villains; Dan Cassidy will make some ^B on ye bite the dust ;' whilst the painter chap tuk up his ^B empty plate and held it fornist him like a shield, a ^B shaking all the time as if he'd the ague. ' ' Don't make a fule of yersilf, Dan Cassidy, man,' says ^B the ould woman ; ' the byes are jist a foolin* wid yc. ^ It's ^B an ould man kangaroo as the dog cot, and nought else.' ^B ' ' 'Twas no kangaroo,' says I, too, sharp. ' Wudn't a kangaroo have a tail ? T his ghost had just two legs a hanging ^B down, and his two arms a wavin in the wind ; if it w*r a kangaroo where was his tail?' ' ' Why,' says she, 'in this here pot, and very good soup it made, as you ought to know.' ' Then I saw how I'd been tuk in, and 1 remembered #» how the ghost had powerful long legs, and only darny bits of armB. I now laffed aB loud as any ot thim, and beggol pardon, and we shuk hands ail round. , , ,, . '.The painter chap waa to done up that he asked the ola woman to give him a bed, aud then lads kem along a me to look for the horse; we soon found him, for he had got tno reins tangled in a bush. We then went to M'Kenzie s tree, and there, sure enough, was the biggest kangaroo I ever seen in thim parts (I seen bigger here). I helped tnem carry it home. The buggy was so smashed up that I naaro lave it till I could come wid a dray, and I rode home bare ' I often heard tales after of the ghost being seen on taa tree, and I've thought as it might sometimes be sometning not quite bo innocent as the wan we saw, for many a i ^ bullock and sheep disappeared, as I think thim chaps ! co have accounted for, and that they hung the carcase on M'Kenzie tree to scare folks off.' , . „ Our fire had died down during Dan's yarn, and the moos had risen, and we, mounted on our horses, sat lik ? . ready to intercept the cattle, and prevent their ret 'o into the sheltering scrub. , hMrd We bad not long to wait, the tramp of hoofs wMhaara, and twigB and branches breaking, to cease at wterva the cunning animals stopped to reconnoitre, a a repeated as they became reassured ; soon tne Dlain was dotted with cattle of ail ages, \Ve had a glorious chase after them, and ing a great number, some of which badnot bee : ^ since they were branded, and to judge ^ , ^jch hides, might rank with the oldest lnhabiton , -t0 a8 proved to be ugly. customers at cl,°,s,® quav-t'liost powerful to scare a new chum as M Kenzie s °&os; ? ^ j^B Ou reaching the homestead I letter of arrived, bringing me a budget from EnglM f ^ loyjng ?! stern admonition and rebuke, from my f i entreaties, from my mother ^d sisters, ,an ^ ^ mortflj my old parsimonious aunt Betsy had ebu. doae tad coil,' not making me her heir, as she w ^ahes, bat I been more considerate cf !her *bjma i t and make » leaving me sufficient to liquidate all my mcdest start in life. momorv of Aunt Betsy. With a blessing breathed on the memoir ® DeUmen- I started to build up my 6hare, Itooknp* admitted me into partnership with a smi Mt i . ^ on lt I 640 acre selection on an insecure part or me ^ ^ ag mT have erected a comfortable dwell10?, of niy ^^B right band, I live in peace and cont^taent. ^ i y _ reformation and Bteadmess has go life WIu b,- without hopes that the broken lmks 0 £ sg3 1 ^B i mended, and tbat a happiness such as ono _ d&red; not even dream, of, owy yet ^ 