THE B«mE4iID OF PHYSICAL SGIESCE. [?] TsvXIA Br: SL t>o S. - Is it seruzj tra ta: tiecsnszn- u a. Ejzbcisss apcacgj beetid w frf1 tnV fit psnSKZE. XiAEdS- . fftt-'"- £e £3i c&-tcss&6 »LL si WT. k« rf safe Ktaad to «kx a Isre ' -v «t B£J fed TCBdSel c. S3£ ; occsias- ass esy fcypxboiE wise oac, -Z, ir r-swec cj. my cocsaee&ise; Ug-.-r -i. to rgrr, B— is t»s rt- tis if erec. we ear-j'S ra=:?w we zwsCa e&H; rasas igyirant o£ c tr&e; ciizrt cc assist- Is iw iM '« sswkfe » psr- f.f- orr Wjrfgt?van« fE-rt7i.gr tfcE V3f to btczs & csttdbttcrw i£e& of sfce iiT --22=: tisleraiijes ibe vutfafc pbe- iQEDes&. ! T: b«rgp, iH L»'irjt «piisjax k IrrrosLiit OCT CEST k imvid 8c gyrng mSA esdrsesce cc pcjiiai iawe cp to & job: frtix tipiiisf tr c/i-e a" E— ts»fc »i; a-rd wirsfw of sass. fets ik bercc»d at bxfisstasd of «as=»». Bt Siii . cf rbt jIij fax-wzfaee k rrraeatcp-y tc- oxira pMvwaggiwL Tbe rsa wri crsdiei ts«t c sx&i.; szt£ ba.e i>»i fA". r.sic! fc rpTF?'-g grtar pcTsa. op#rxa3BE Ttst &x; sa2»d % cccfes ibl trey W-t m> Trrsk Kewrsoe. cra: V u> a Httfe rrrrVi pthwhtg sp «. tirt &->3£. be&ci-; ac?5 is. his f;fr r%irrrls-=£ £sii : — The Layc e fir to ciy.Bi U : r-> " X&n;&Z; bKsef: caz. tVVTI.i V- ffT)5E tie ITLLf y">-r — '-- Z.- - ZZ-Z cii 'yhcc «pcu c i tit ttii-'.ni-c. E-tiihoccri carfcot-w- errzAer. v_ tit t-tr.isr% ast ttt , ti-t3 bt ss cn.ti ir tit cart s£ e-r«r. it try- b; v. fiajrt: tie p«r direc3t£ tier i sr"l r - pan y=_ T:_is CMit not v. cri— bt: rt-. tv ---- i:.-n jgy. rzzk'.n ftr rt-i- '- v. tib irtiprtrr li'/'it.c. cf '--' eartcij ww?. W-r ilii ter j fcvr vrl t4 tc estt'jSsr. As tie visa fir vt art ;i> y ea-tec tia; tiS aurari «ii ' iae cssi ter n ti oeaae. T«fc U & gratj iecrir lafcccr tse erocift u c,i y V/rgis-nhg tc aid riis wEi be rtvrt at-t Ei-yre ct.iezwxo a& tree wiscca: i Iik tie trt -will hsrA fact v. i gyyi atcd jroei so be Srat. c: t: "-- Sip re=ue Ifirfcctor of ali Ii tie tpri: of the forejrclL f-ettei >« t. ate t; rea.sotfT.g<K. a lice whki, at tie tft. it C" -.' ' tet-tivfe, I ii try to errlait wiat etierial iectioiti mtr be ttppobssd tc cac$e Li i-,t j m it lot -Brith matter zt wt kz»'jw it. VT pres«idiiig to kso waat ether k, T" a g->crd reaaon to ascme it ezkt- eice at e have to asscsae tie fTOazrfe of tie atrr.itpiere:. The latter wag cnfaiown fir tiocsaiidt of yean, and at lart ociy ci«- c. vered by aeddest. I may a well s r here at oste tbat I do not believe in the electric riti — erfic one Eni'i let alcoe tac — viici aorne people still gravely talk abon;. Tie action of as electric ccrrect along a wire my be oi-cipared with the now of water in a p-ipe, between two neervoira. oae & little liver than the other. At the latter the y't. ter rtr.% in with a ccrrerf determined by tie cierense of ierele Is the refcervoiia. and the friction of the pipe. In the upper eopply Here is an extra head, or pretenre which, at tie lower, appears in the tons of motion. It U the direr&sn; of this motion which ie called in electrical tence. the poeilive ; and the other, or supplying end, k the negative. Tie latter k the reserve of force, and as this i>: need op, working power appears in its place. Now, if we regard the giving and tie receiving ends of car water tspply ae aial agose to an electrical eyiletn. we ita-e " only to acconst for the power wilch originally fivee the head or povcti&j; energy. With water this power v. the Mn : ant it ie also the ran which gives tie head or electro- motive energy tc a conrso machine. Tciz I thall explain a little fsrther on. As I have denied the ex- j uten ce of any Epedal electric Scid, it is ne- teefary w point cut that, although for pur- pose of Ulcfetratlon, I hare intndcvfii a vrat'rT-pipr: ii pkce of a wire — that there u a grand distinction between tiieisae carrier t'of i eie'i. In the pipe the 1X712 matter ttjc-'ul I b'.-i::y. and it tranrirred from one place to j ai er. In the wire no transference "A .natter The active agent ether k evtri'v/h-ire, and the only thing paj-ri'-.g i>. an etherln! thirer or vibration, ranilar no bit '.liiker than a heat wave. The current f.:..y Aiilert from the latter aJTectioi in its c.-it' t or mode of tranrrnisticn. To a oertnic h refeernblfcg feocfcd. If we ootid pe:.d a long steel bar on pro'-errly- ictoiated L-rrportf- and strike one end with a hammer. t'.'-- iid would travel at the rate of 19,000 fo-.t ir. a second, or upwards of 300 miles in a zr.fizte. This may be called rapid tranaznis- e:on ; Ijct it i- a TiaJl:e pace com- p ired with ether movercerit. In the steel r vh it hi aa interchange of moUcjiar rape from end to end. With the ether, aU that the wire dotw is to give direction to the ctrrent— the wave for any ordinary distance is practical fy instantaneous. Hence the mo«>talar bonds of the metal conductor are cot raptured, and nothing passes grmtTar to the rat ore of common matter. H a Sold did the w ork, it would imply that the matter of racb a enfceiance was always being mann- fyrtnred and consumed. Such a supposition would reduce electrical science to a species of operative chemistry, where the heJar.m could have no place, agd this, I should think, with onr knowledge of the indes tructibility of matter, is sufficient to reduce the whole conception, to an absurdity. I w on Id not object to names if tbey con veyed correct ideas. Everybody is supposed to understand what is meant by the term £2 fd ; and probably that h the reason why the word was first applied to the singular action of electrified bodies. The phenomena are, to say the least, wonderful, and if they ; had been mnch noticed before the time of William Gilbert or Otto Qoericke, some other name would have been taken from metaphysical literature. There wae no scarcity of words to describe unuKoal or magical operations, and even the meet ignorant bad a theory which explained everything in the readiest manner — and so far as physical science was concerned, the most learned men were very little above the lerel of the multitude. This was all altered by Lord Bacon, he clearly demon strated that medkeval scholarship was a fall are. and that the so-called learning of the time was not real knowledge. It was rather a fungus and unnatural growth fostered not in light but in darkness. After Bacon had shown the true method of progress, which conrirted in appealing for inwMHmi direct to nature, modern science became possible. As new discoveries were made'ihe old words had to be rued in describing the phenomena. Ixmg after Bacone time Newton and Boyle avuua isua as useful as Kngt«»t» in describ ing the results of their experiments. And from Mochenbrock, the contriver of the Leyden jar, up to Volta the discoverer of the chemical pile, no better word than fluid conld be loo nd for eleetricity. Another . great discoveiy which <rae slowly elaborated during the seventeenth and eighteenth cen turies was in a elm liar predicament. Xo name could be found for the vapour of coal except spirit His word was a favorite with medieval Rbolnm — fJtow Imow ell aW>nt >t before they had any conception of thelaws of matter. After coal smoke had received all sorts of uncouth names it was found that ao alcbymist living -in sbcoo'i Van Helmont had used the term gbeist or ghost to describe . invisible vapour. This bid , li3?nn?n eqnivalent for something dlsem- - -i)6aied or mmlriaiifid was couvriiiently , shortened into an. It Urns aimears that gajh- smdr-like all ennnnou sabitances; can W wwghedbnd mramred, d "ires' Its flbin tfc' immaterial worid, -whDstits breat i couipetitnr, impopdemblr and almost mTOTft- i bWe, stjn rrty'dtom tfd sworistiniii. tle'f 