WoveHst. A STRANDED SHIP, A STORY 01? SEA AND SHORE. , BY L. CLARKE DAVIS. 'If tlio rod slayer thinks bo slays, . . - Or if tho slain thinks lio is aluin, ... , . Tlioy know not well tho subtlo ways I licop, and pass, and tarn ngnin.' . i lUi.rn Waldo JJmeiison. (Continued.) ? Now slangeringbenoath and mounting trium phantly again to tho surfaeo of tho wavos, . . rearing nnd plunging like a horso unused to ? goading and feeling whip and spur for the /first timo, thoy aohtsniled on ; when,fromtho wrookingrstation, below about which wreckers and fishermen had gathered in haste to watch tho advontnrous craft, a signal was run up. ' Make half a point south,' it said. Instantly thoyachtwassquaredaway asindicated, when, coming full before tho wind, hor jib-slicots wore torn away one by one, tho top-sail shivered for a moment in tho galo and then was ripped ont, and fluttered away liko a cloud; yet, all unmindful of tho- wreck abovo and below, tho man at tho holm kept hor bow that half a point south, for thoro lay the nar row inlet, dangerous and uncertain in fairest \- weather, as its breakers roared and brolto, but now a desporate, almost a hopeless chanco. Margaret Daunton held tho Professor's arm with a liorco grip. ' Will tho man make the inlet ? ' she askod. ' Is ho suro to do it? ' \ 'I don't know; it is a poor chance,' tho Professor said. ' But why moro anxiety for that handsome, daring devil at tho holm than for the two or tlireo other men thero, Mar garet 1 ' ' Can you look at the different mon, and ask that ? lie stands erect, head and shoulders above thom all. I'rom hero you can see tho coward-look in their shrinking figures, but there is nono in his. Ho is not careless of his lifo ; ho is bending overy nervo and muscle to savo himself and them, and yet, when ho will be within a single moment of his death, he will not moro certainly look it in the face than ho is doing now. Why should I not give my sympathy to tho bravo man instead of to tho cowards thoro?' 'Becauso, Margaret, tho cowards thero may have wives and children at home ; and that fellow has none, or ho would givo this lee-shore a wide berth.' Then a cloud of suspicion or doubt fell be tween these two that had never been thoro be fore, and thoy walked on down tho beach to tho inlet in silence which neither cared to disturb. The Professor was annoyed and vexed by tho girl's interest in this stranger, who guided his boat among the breakers with . Buch free and skilful daring ; and sho, too, was annoyed that the Professor, always before just and generous, should withhold any credit from tho bravo fellow out thero, strugg ling so grandly for life. Yet what could it matter to tho old Pro fessor for whom she interested herself ? Were not his loves and romances away back there among tho dead Hollonio fables ? Ho had said bo, yet the man's heart boat uneasily when ho saw this girl, whom he had grown to consider ? his very own by ovory tie of gratitude and affection, bestowing her 'sympathy and show ing deep feeling for another, and that other a ? stranger ; dimly seen as yet far out at sea. .He had forgotten, in his annoyance at Sfatgaret, to watch tho courso of tho yacht, when a sharp cry from her suddenly drew his attention to the struggling boat. An ugly squall had struck lier nt an imminent mo ment, tearing out tho deck fastenings, which Jiold tho main-sail square away, and in an in stant it was flung aloft, caught by tho galo, nod wound about and around tho pliant mast, ivlueh bent like steel. Top-sails nnd jibs and mainsail wore gone, and nothing loft but tho foresail now, which, in the llawy galo, threat cued momentarily to jibe, in which case all previous efforts would be rendered futile. But itlio blue-co&tcd; sailor at the helm held the 0 Sittlo vessel on her courso as undaunted as if }ie know every drop of water under him. Tho koic and thunder of the surf wore too dsep for iliose on shoro to hear his voico, but from his gestures they knew that ho was giving orders whioh were not obeyed by tho demoralized crew. Tho yacht was of twelve feet beam, while tho entrance to tho inlet was barely twenty ' feet in all. So that even in caso the sailor's quiolc eye detected the very centre of the ohannol, he would have scarcely four feet of wator on either gunwale. . Captain Brown stood among his men, who, roBting'on tlio sidos of the life-boats, keenly watched tho daring sailor. i ' Sho novor ken mako it, Cap'en Brown ; , of ho luffs, sli'll jibe, an' of ho don't luff, that bit of . canvas 'ill go by the wind,' said a * samoky-skinned, wheezy -voiced old follow at Ae Captain's sido. Woll now, I don't know about that, '.William. Its's oncortain. You see, that ^oung fellow's peart, ho is, and he's got truo ' ;grit, an' lie's plucky, an'.ho's got a cloar qyc :an' a steady, cool hand, an' ho wouldn't sur prise mo if ho won, aftor all,' tho Captain drawled out, sontontiously. Tho yaoht hnd approached tho mouth of tho seething holl of the breakers that already sprang at her bows and leaped upbn hor deck, ? whon she lurched to leeward, and her fore-sail, whioh hitherto had stood the fury of tho gale unuathcd, parted from boom to gaff, and directly was only a flaunting mass of ribbons in the' wind. Tho.lifo-boats wero hurriedly run down to tho shoro, as quickly manned, and a dozen brawny fishermen stood by, ready to launch theni when tho littlo craft struck tho bar. But nho did not strike at all. Sho was suddenly put hard to windward, tho gale caught a few yards of tho main-sail still unfurled about tho peak, she obeyed tho hand at tho helm, and whilo tho eager crowd looked on and held thoir breath whilo a hundred seoonds might bo told off, tho yacht lifted up hor bow again, struck the crest of tho last defeated breakor, plunged and roso and plunged and roso, and ,tho noxt instant sailed quietly into tho itinrullle ' surface of tho river. Witho':' any seemiug haste or excitement .alio wa3^b' - lown; after somo trunks .?and bagghgo „ ore brought up from below, hor (Chattered sails were furledi her rigging cut away, her decks cleared, her yawl was laun ohed, tho luggago stowod into it, nnd then tho ciew and tho blue-coatod sailor landed. Ho was mot by tho wrecking-mastor, who extended his brawny hand in token of wol oomo and fellowship for tho old follow had boon a Bailor before tho other was born. . ' Thanks for your timely signal, Captain. Tho littlo Argo would scarcely liavo brought us safely to shore without it ; and in that caso tho golden flcccc would have boon alto, gotltor lost to mo, I am afraid.' H I dunno about that fleeco, Cap'en, but I do know you've just saved your bacon, and ? although I say it to your faco, which I shouln't, you're a brave follow, and I'd liko to shako hands agon if you don't mind it ; also, whilo you'ro horo, I'd liko it mightily if you'd mako my houso your own, just to stay at or como and go to, as you liko; a bed's bettor ?or a hammock any time, and similarly, dry land bottor nor wator; but,' said the Cap tain, 'why in thunder did you, a peart enough sailor, as I'vo seen to-day, run onto a ,Ico-shoro in a nor'-easter? ' ' The last thing first, thon, Captain. The yaoht has sottlcd six inches sinco she crossed thatr last breaker; that strained and ham mered her to doath ; but sho was sinking be foro the galo came on, and I ran on a Ice-shorc, thinking only of beaching hor as a desper ate chance for life; just then I saw your inlet lioro, made for it, and got my course by your signal, and hero I am, and thero's my hand, and I will take your bed, and again a thou sand thanks to you for my safety.' 'You ought to thank God. for it, young man; for when the sea rose up to swallow you alivo, it was His hand, not mine, that parted tho waters and' delivered you.' 'I do thank God,' tho sailor said, 'with all my heart; my friond, and- — ' Something just thon blanohod tho brave young fellow's face whiter than the threatened death out thero had done. What was it? 'What had stopped tho ready current of his talk, cut ting short his speech? 'What was it that made his hand tromblo up to his month in that woak, uncertain way? Not anything in tho old Captain's manner ; not tho soft, brown eyes of tho girl, timidly bent upon him ; not the quiet, controlled eyes of tho man on whoso arm sho leaned. Yot, for a hurried moment, lie was cowed, as no mero physical danger could have done ; ho seemed to the girl to have suddenly lost his height of stature and bravery of bearing; to shrink nnd tremble before the man at her side. She looked alternately into their faces for an answer to his curious behaviour ; but whon sho turned to the Professor, the usual gravo, reticent smile was on his lips, and if the two men had over met before, there was no sign of it in tho Professor's eyes, which looked* dully into tho eyes of tho sailor, absent of meaning or recognition. When, still perplexed at the unsolved riddle, she turned again to tho other man, ho was shaking hands gayly enough with the old wrecking-master ; then he gave somo direc tions quietly and coolly to his crew about his luggage and the sinking yacht. His face was turned fully toward her, and she noticed that the pallor and fright were gone from it ; that his mannor was easy and pos sessed ; that, as he looked toward her, thero was a bright, boyish smile in his oyes ; and when Captain Brown presented Mr. Luko Connor to her and the Professor, the two men gravely salutod each other aftor tho fashion of gentlemen, and sho noticed the bits of talk succeeding had nothing difforcnt in them from othor bits of talk likely to chanco be tween two intelligent persons when intro duced to each other. ' Wo must congratulate you on your escape;' tlio Professor said. ' Your vessel is sinking, I think you told tho Captain.' ' Yes, Bhe leaked badly before, but that last thumping sho got in tho inlet was too much f for her. Sho will bo gone in an hour, if sho is ' not already aground.' ' Then,' said Margaret, hor rare, sweet smile mocking the gravely spokon words, ' I am afraid tho modern Jason will have all the . dangers of the voyage and pursuit, without, finding tho treasure he seeks.' Luko Connor looked far out to sea as tho girl stopped speaking, as if he weighed tho dangers ho had passed, before lie answered her. ' I am not so sure of that,' he said presently. 'The gods of to-day, I fancy, aro as vigilant and strong as those older ones; indeed, lam not sure they arc not the same, and who knows that they did not send the New Argo there, to this shore, knowing that here tho modem Jason might find what he sought ? Adventurers aro sailing to-day over every sea in search of it ; one is hunting it in the mines of California or Australia, another in India or Japan, but everybody is hunting it some where. I think the golden fleece of to-day is only another name for happiness, and I am as likely to find it here as elsewhere.'. The man's voice had grown low and solemn and prophetic, and the girl, noticing his changed manner, looked at him curiously. If then he had given one bold glance into the pure brown eyes before him, or had dared to cast a single admiring look at hor, or at the bright masses of tho golden hair, waving so luxuriantly about her neck and face, she would have caught tho hidden sense of his meaning, and if she had, she would have avoided him forever aftor. But his eyes did not once meet hers, they being still bent far out at sea ; and the girl, too simple and true to bo suspicious or to take alarm, only simply wondered where, among the melancholy groves of that grim shore, the golden prize might hang. But tho Professor, quicker of thought than she, and moro suspicious too, knew that Mar garet had curiously attracted Luko Connor, and that the tawny hair floating about her form typified to the reckless sailor Jason'sfab led fleeco. The Argo had settled at flood tide, but her deck still showed abovo the surface . of the shallow river. 'She lies safo enough there,' Luke said. ' If you think her traps worth the trouble, she is yours to dismantle, Captain Brown, but hor hull is sprained aud thumped to pieces.' Ho looked back regretfully at tho sunken wreck. They had been good friends together, tho man and his boat. If, as ho said, the golden fleece was only another name f.or happiness, ho had sought that in many places in his yacht. They had shared a good many dangers, lived truo, brave lives together, strug gling and wrestling with tempest and sea, and how the old Argo lay there in that holo of a rlvor, sunk and worthless. Jt had been a better life than any he knew on shore. That was a fever of dissipation, a round of pleasure that was unwholesome and vile. The only lovo he knew there was tho love that he had bought. Tho lips that kissed the pure brow of Psyche, hadkissod no pure lips since ; tho hand mado bloody on that long-ago com mencement night had novor boon- clear again, lie morbidly fancied. Yot in every hour, of this man's plunges into vice and wretched ness, his true, nobler self cried out for some thing bettor — for tho sweet, manly life ho had once known — for friendship and love. But he knew that men looked coldly on him ; that fathors of pure girls never asked him to their houses ; that, mixed with the sincorest interest mon ever Bhowcd him, there was more than on^ *half morbid curiosity. lie know, when he mot hiB former friends face to face, that if thoy noticed him at all, which few did, they wero quietly wondering, as they passed on their opposite way, how a murdcror must feol ; what must bo the daily life of a man who has escaped hanging, or what distemporod fancies of tho murdered victim tortured him by ; night. If ho could have answered them at all, lie would havo said that no thought of beinfl hanged, that no ghost of the dead man who had wronged his sinter, ever camo to him by day or night. But while no ghost ovor hauntod him, sleeping or waking, tho awful I orimo of which his soul stood guilty was like j a second self, clinging closo as his skin, urg ing him forever into tho Lothe of riot and dis sipation. He only lived to forget, to got rid for awhile of himself; and the pity of it all was, that under tho crust of vice that was on it, there was a truo, manly, noble solf, full of generous impulses, capable of horoio achieve ments, worthy of good men's honor and affectionate regard; but indeed it was true, he had buried it all very deep, so that men went on remembering his crime, after thoy should havo forgiven and forgotten the actors in it. Whilo the mon whom ho had known in that old, happier timo placcd a guU, impossible to bridge over, between him and thom, it was ourious that women and littlo childron, with their pure, unerring instincts, camo closo to and loved the man. It might have been partly his gonuine, hearty manner, or his superb beauty, alive and magnetic with health and strength, or his freo thought and free speech that beguiled them and won their hearts ; but whatever it was women and chil dren had been vory tondor of his faults and loving of Luko Connor. As ho walked beside Margaret Daunton from the beach to tho farm-house, his in stincts tolling him how pure and gentle a woman she was, his sonse showing him how boautiful and intelligent she was, he felt as ho had novor done before ; his crimo weighed heavily upon him, and lie knew with deadly certainty that the onco sweet wators of life that ho had muddied, he must drink to tho end; that a pure woman, saintly in thought and deed, was not for him to gather to his breast. Othor men, with clean hands and un sullied name, might strive to win, and some one marry her; but ho alone was shut out and undor the ban. In that samo hour, if the old Argo, lying a sunken, worthless wreck in tho river there, could havo been mado seaworthy again, ho would havo plunged once moro into tho breakers with her, no matter how the bar threatoncd, nor what storms prevailed or winds blow. Better the sudden death out yonder, than to live to boar this girl's re proach. It was not that she had already be come essential to him, but it was natural that a man cut off from whito bread for many long years, should loathe the black loaf for ever hold to his lips, and hunger1 for tho othor; or that a barefooted beggar, passing the boundaries of a fair domain, should pauso for a whilo to behold how fair it was, and 1 then to wish that tho titlo to it should bo mado clear to him and his heirs forever ; especially natural would it seem if the beg gar's tastes fitted him to enjoy such an estate. He, Luke Connor, was tho man who had eaten only of the black brc'ad of bought, vicious pleasures, whose nature cried out hun grily for better food ; he was tho barefooted beggar, gazing ovor the wall of a beautiful domain, whoso fruitful acres stretched away to the sea and sky-lino— a wall which ho might nover cross, lest the cry of the keeper bo raised against him, and ho be liuntod down. Ho folt that he was not a man while he could not say to this girl's mother, ' Givo mo your child, for I lovo her.' Other men might go to her, tolling the roverontial lovo they felt, but ho never might. Ho could never do that his hands woro bloody ; and if ife woro right for the State, or Justice, to take lifo at all, ho had no right to his life even. It had been saved, and the Stato, or Justice, cheated out of it by a quib ble, a lawyer's shrewd eloquence, or tho whim of a soft-hearted jury ; so he felt that he bore his lifo even under a false pretence, and that it had been forfeited long ago. Yot no man loved lifo better than lie loved his. It was sweet and good to him from the rising to the* setting of the sun ; and no man would have fought more desperately to preserve it, if a struggle came. But it could nevor be a man's full lifo, he thought, unless he might love and marry as other men could. Ho know tho danger before him when it was only an hour old, but ho did not flee from it. Let tho surly keeper come, ho said ; but ho would first soe the beautiful fields, the long, dim paths, the friendly shadows of tho trees, smell the fragrance of tho flowers and hear tho songs of birds and plash of fountains. Let the keeper como; tho beggar would have climbed the wall and seen with his own eyes how broad and fair the landscape was, and as he was turned out again to wander ovor tho rough highways, eating his black bread, what he had seen and heard would be a pleas ant and happy memory to him forever. So, Luko Connor resolved to linger for a day or two, with tho beautiful woman, under tho old wrecking- master's roof, and then he would go back to the lovo that could bo bought and pleasures that bury self and bring forgetful ness. But he never would forgot, that, ho had' seen Margaret Daunton, and that, for a day or two, he had stood up before her, ac counted worthy of her regard and honor. But he did not go after a day or two, nor yet after many days. He, too, after long, rough years, sat down by the sweet waters and ate of' the blissful lotus, which brought dreamful oaso and forgetfulness of crimo and trouble. Ho sent to town to havo his horses brought down, he discarded his sailor's suit, and robed himself bravely, as a man does who wishes to appear at his best in the eyes of the woman ho loves. The story of that old farm-house was re peating itself at every watering-place, largo and small, along tho wholo Atlantic coast, and at every summer retreat in mountain or valley. The old, old story, forever boautiful and new, of two peoplo of opposite sex, coming directly to believe that ' all- for love, and the world well lost ' is tho only truo religion. Margaret Daunton and Luko Con nor had learned that faith on the sands, that day by tho sea, I think ; but then thoy only Baw, as in a glass, darkly ; and now, aftor these many days of rides and walks and sun set wanderings they would have died at tho stake for it, bravely as any bigot of tho olden timo for his higher creed. This was all very bad for the grave old Professor indeed. He had mado a terrible mistake of it. If he had only, in thoso old days at home, beon less blind, less devoted to his stupid books, loss interested in his Greek poetry and College dutiea; if he had only loved his Hellenic heroines less, and oared more for the beautiful, loving girl whom his stupid affection called sister ! But he. had been so secure in his possession of the yellow-haired little girl that he had been in no hurry to fall in love with and marry her. Thero, at homo, his dear old mother played house-dog, keeping watch and ward at tho gate, driving all poachers away; but here, in this summer holiday, came this barefooted beggar, Luke Connoir, claiming tho fair domain, and making out a. good title to it, too. I (To be continued .)| 