OX THE PACIFIC. Br Moncork D. Conwat. Innumerable people have related their ex periences of tbe Toyage from San Francisco ; many havo printed them, and can there be room for one more ? Aa I have a story to tell, I will plant myself on high philosophy, and maintain that the same voyage was never taken twice, and that each who should report it truly would bring tidings of a world asnew as that discovered by Columbus, but Suspected of being the older world after all. It was the new eye that made the now world, and can make the new Pacific ; and every eye is new. Wo started out from the Golden Gate in the steamship Australia, and voyaged the Pacific for 27 days without sighting a sail; and I feel sure that We uere tbo first that etcr burst Into tb&t; silent eca. There is a'pleasaut American tale in which A lad who ran away to sea returned from varions hardships quite sick of it all ; ho wa9 now a youth, and when he reached home and crept up to his old room his first act was- to tako down Bobinson Crusoe from bis shelf and burn it to ashes. That was - the book whose "lies" had beguiled him from home, and even inspired secret hopo3 of shipwreck. In the same way I now find myself mentally picking out a number of narratives about the Pacific which I mean to burn when 1 reach home again, They told me that the coasts and islands are filled with happy and interest ing natives ; but if ever it was so, it is true no more. What we chiefiy saw in that line were white traders, missionaries, churches, public- houses, and soma sadly "saved" natives. This may have been due to the fact that on the only island whero we stopped before reach ing Auckland, wo were wrecked. I observed that our excellent Captain Bannerman, on his arrival at " Sydney, did not report ' that we were wrecked at Honolulu, but it is true ' nevertheless ; wo all found ourselves cast, upon a Sabbatarian Za hara, where wc-had to wander about all day in joyless, streets, or visit churches in which wo met the familiar long face, of tho civilised man who lias been waylaid by the Sabbath. Tho Sandwich Islands were occupied by mis sionaries from America about GO years ago; In payment for promissory notes redeemable in another world, they became possessed of some of tho fairest lands of this World ; they became the landed aristocracy of the islands ; and, although -they came from a country where church and stato are severely sundered, they straightway passed laws making it penal for the Hawaiians to worship their deity or oven to ride a horse on Sunday. The Hawaiian Sabbath is tho hardest I havo ever encountered, though I know what it is to bo imprisoned in a small Scottish town on the first day of the week. The heat was fearful, yet not even a cup of cold water could bo got, because the sale of ice is prohibited on that day. ' I recognised a certain irony in this outcome of the discovery of Cap tain Cook, whose monument has lately been erected on the spot where he fell in a neigh boring island. I believe no book gives an ex planation of the death of the captain, but I have read a statement made 70 years ago by one - Obooltiah, a "converted" Hawaiian, of the islanders' tradition, which no doubt is true. There had been a quarrel between tho English sailors and the natives, about a boat which had drifted out to sea, but which the enilors said was stolen. Tbe natives refused to give tho sailors firewood, and the latter seized an old wooden god, and cut hiiu up for their fire. Thi3 led to a riot, in which Cook, as he came out to learh about tho trouble, was killed. I could hot help feeling that the na tives had now got back their wooden deity again, for a more- grim and hard-featurod idol than that which met us at every turn in tho Hawaiian Sabbath could hardly be blockud out by the .terrors of barbarian superstition. A pleasanter scone greeted us as wo passed by the island Tutuila, where some Snmoaus came out in their canoes. Each cAnoe skimmed tho waves as if son-born, like some largo nautilus, and the fine looking natives were ar tistically tattooed from hip to kneo so as to seem dressed. But the steeple of a Catholic church was visible on the island, and it was a sony thing to learn that the poor Snmoaus are kept in chronic civil war by having been drawn into the immemorial discords of Catho- lie and Protestant. Every time an official is to be elected there is an Oraoge- Fenian fight. When Columbus first set foot on the shores of tho new world, tho natives there had never seen a weapon. They examined the white men's swords so , incautiously as to cut their hands ; but where now is there any point of land in the planet where the black arts of so-called civilisation have not been cultivated ? Near Auckland I visited a beautiful ' hill called Kden. On a granite block at tho fop was tbo p.lacard of a Salvation Army meeting, and around it were growing thick the thistles whose parent is said to have been imported by a pious and patriotic Scotchman. I havo now got through my grumble. Let tbe thousands of things that may be truly said on the other side bo " taken as read." One who voyages tire Pacific would not like a gone: ral relapse from such civilisation as wo have. It woiild not be pleasant to ' lmvo our good ship Australia, which it took ten thousand years to build, sink back from century to cen tury until it became you Samoau canoe pad dled by its naked' fisherman. So wo will now look at the bright .side. If "we,, who for a month have become floating Pacific islanders, are somstimes chilled, under Lhe shadov.3 of civilisation, wc are oftcner cheered by its sun shine.' Though we may prefer some peculiar institutions of onr country when their foot is cm Ih'eir native heath, there are things of un- nsual benefit which bring to our eyes, wherever we move, the light that never was on land or sea. It is tho light tho eye brings with it from the fountains of science and poetry. We lpok.upon this ocean and. its islands with eyes, gained from him who here sailed on - tho "Beagle" fifty years ago, and can sec the coral architect at his work of mons, and con tinents rising and falling like the waves which now for a time cover' all ,but thoir mountain heights. The poets - have preceded us,' and thrown ah enchantment of beauty aud intelligence around every object.' Here b a new thought-created world, wherein is no senseless object, in which tbe demon nnd ghost of Caliban's mythology has turned into the embodied ideals of l'rospero. Coleridge has waved his poetic wand over that albatross, and it holds us with its glittering eye while it tells us the " Rime of . the Ancient Mariner," as it was never told before. Or svIiod our ship runs down the cver-recorering fleet of "Portu guese Men-of-War," on each tiny sail of thp chambered shell, that leaves its old dwelling for the new, is written the sweet hymn it inspired !n Oliver Wendell Holmes — . Build thee more stately mansions, O my soni, As tbe swift soast ns roil, ' ' Let each new dwelling nobler than the last Shut tlico from heaven wjiho dome more vast, Till thou at Uftigth art free. Leaving Uliue outworn shell on life'sunaou tided sea. When tlio islanders come out in their boats, I find 'myself scanning their faces, through a lorgnette— for whom ? For Kobert Brown ing's " Waring," the poet who disappeared from inappreciative London to be an avatar in Borne far region. For the moment I will forget'that what the poet, really did ( was to make a fortune in New Zealand, and go home with a poem' "long, as' the Iliad; Perhaps anothtr Waring may be hiding under bronzed and tattoed guise in that canoe, ' In the bland of Oahu, I went to a beautiful beach, amid palm and cocoanut -tree, amid all manner of floral luxuriance, whpre a number of youths aud children were swimming - in the sparkling surf. For once I sbotild have becu glad to boar no undertone or overtone to tbe laughter of rippling waves and merry hearts ; but it was impossible; I must needs from afar inland place ' See the children snorl upon the shore. And hear the mighty waters rolliug.ovcrinurc. Not only has Wordsworth summoned there the mystic sea that brought us hither, but Tennyson has evidently painted this very Oahu paradise in " The Islet.',' It was hither that the young bride would fain go — "Thither, O'thither, love, let us go 1" and, alas, it was of this islet thnt the lover sadly1 spake— . . ' "No. no, no! ' Fur iu all that exquisite isle, my licit, , There is hut oho bird with a musical throat, And bis compass is but of a single note, Tnat it makes one weary to hear," " .Mock mo not, meok me not, love let us go " tie. love, no f For the bud ever breaks into bloom on the tree, And a stortn never breaks on the lonofy sea ; And a worm is there in the lonely wood. That pierces the liver and blackens the'blood ; And makes it a sorrow to be." Every rough day, as 1 gaze on waves foaming with wrath, "white as the bitter lip of hate," because man has mastered them, — safe above their malice as yon Southern Cross — all nature seems a devouring automatic monster. But my beloved Arthur Clough draws near and raises my heart out of its darkness. " Hope evermore aud believe, O man, for e'en as thy thouehl So arc the things that thou secst; e'en as tby hope aud belief. Cowardly art liiou and timid ? They rise to provoke tbcc against them. Hast thou courage t Keouch : see them exulting to yield. Yea, tho rough rock, tbo dull earth, the wild sea'a furying waters (Violent, Es.iy' et thou, and hard ? mighty, thou thiuk'st to destroy?) All with ineffable longing aro waiting their invader. All with' one varying voice call to Hiui, 'Come aud subdue !' Still for their conqueror call, and but for the joy of being conquered . (Rapture they . will not forego) dare to resist and rebel. .' ' Still, while resisting and raging, in soft undcrtoucs say unto him, . Fear not, retire not, O Man; hope evermore and believe ; Go from the cast to the west as the sun and the stars direct tbcc, . ' With the great girdle of God go and eucompass the earth." The islanders, too, have their poetry, hut. none of it that I havo been able to find in English books concerning them appeared to me so poetical as somo of their legends and myths. One of these, related to me by Mr. J. L. Young, of the Society Islands, is of especial interest, as bearing some resemblance to onr Enropcan legend of the Flying Dutchman. The doomed Pacific Wanderer is one Omoo, and his offence, like that of Yauder- decken aud of . Ahasuerus, was defiance of the gods. Once, when his tribe pro posed . to consult their gocs through their priests before going to battle, Omoo said he did not care what the gods might think. In ono version ho is now doomed to for ever try and build an impossible bridge over somo vast chasm, whatever he builds being speedily de stroyed by " the demons of Omoo "—a pro verbial phrase. In another version it is said his eternal task is to build a canoo out of alder pith, which alone might bear liitn to tho island where he conld find the roposo of death. So far as the impossible tasks arc concerned this myth closely resembles that of Trcgoaglc, of Cornwall, England, whose "roar" is still heard by a decreasing number of poastmt cars as lie plies the ever-failing seaside task to whioh he is doomed for some unknown, reason. But so far as the cause of the doom is con cerned it corresponds with that of the Won dering Jew, of which the Flyitig Dtitoliman is a variant. It is not generally' known, I be lieve, that this horo of Wagner's fine opera was a real personage — ono Bernard Fokke, a noted Dutch captain of tho l/th century. There were several things about this Fokke that appeared -" uncanny ;" he was a huge powerful man, who swore a good deal, but the worst thing was that lio was tho first who used iron about the sides and-mas.ts of the ship. Of course this iron ought naturally to have', sunk tho ship ; so far from it Fokke'B sltip: made the swiftest voyages known in that time. He. sailed from llotterdam to Batavia in ninety days. That was enough to base a diabolical reputation upon, and. when from one voyage neither Bernard Fokke, nor bis ship, nor any of the crew, ever returned, a rutuor was wafted up .that the heaveu-dofying cap- tain was still trying to round the Cape of Good Hope. The particulars were not long in following. It was said that after hav ing been repeatedly -driven back by storms, the captain swore a great oath that1 ho would routtd that Cape if it ' took bitn till Judgment . Day ;" whereto a voice of thunder ' answered, . " Till Judgment Day !" The Holland and the Pacific legends have, of course, no ethnological connection ; they grew as grew the grass, and they are all the more ' interesting as indications of the unity of tbe human mind, There is another (Hawaiian) superstition of a spectre fisherman eitting in a canoe, also of u spectral procession of ghosts, who periodically pass into Hades at a certain point ; and tliesq correspond with the phantom steamboat of .the Mississippi, mentioned by Mark Twain in his last book, to the "burning ship" on the New England coast, and to the spectral processions of "Woldotnar, Woden, Arthur aud the Orand Vcnetir in Europe. Among some papers given me by Mr. Thrum, editor of a Honolulu paper, I find a legend re- ncnibling those of-, flcrakles and Aleestis, . Orpheus and Eurydico, and the recovery of Islitar from the Assyrian Hades. The Ha waiian horo, Hiku, following the leading of a magic, arrow, wliie.lt lie shoots before him from time to time,, is guided to a distant realm, and) to the fair princess Kawclu, who falls in love with him. . But Hiku. had promised his mother to return, and leaves suddenly ; after which Kawclu pines away and dies. Hearing of thin, Hiku determines to- descend into the abode of the dead. (Lua-o-Milu). and bring her back to life. : For this expedition Hiku covered himself, with rancid cocoanut oil 'in order ' to smell like a corpse,; then, providing himself, with, a swing, of eoovolvulus-viue, and a cocoanut shell divided into two 'close fitting parts, he was, lpwofcd- by his friends -into the abyss, Owing to the. rancid oil he is not suspected . there of being alive.- Kawolu's bouI recognises himj and accepts bis' invitation to swing ; and while' they aro on, the- convolvulus ;swing they aro gently drawn upwards by Hiku's friends. At one time Knwelu'a spul was about to .flit away like a butterfly, .but Hiku enclosed it in tho cocoanut shell. When they had arrived at upper earth, Hiku repaired to' the dead body of lvawclu, bored a hole in the big toe of the- left foot, forced the reluctant soul from the shell into the foot, and by rub-, bing -carried it up -the leg and at length; through, tho whole form. , Kawclu hod uo consciousness of where she had. been ; bar first words were, "How could you be so cruel as to leave me ? " . Of course'he leaves her no more. How completely lias the world i been ob served and catalogued' by that primitive scienccjwhich to the modern man is mytho logy ! i 'Primitive' man left nothing without its explanation. Those magnificent water spouts on which we gazed are. the Afreets of Arabian folklore,' one of which "a fisherman liberated from the Bmali casket where he had been scaled up by Solomon Trad cast into the sea. Tt sounds like a' dream of the Afreet which Watt liberated from the kettle and commanded to bear the burtlicns of the world. We see many xvhalcs- spouting where the Micmac3 of Nova Scotia saw them Bmoking the tobacco which Glooscap gave their pro genitor for carrying / him, . Jonah- like, to the Isle of the Blest. Some of these primitive explanations ' require explana tion. , Why ia the constellation of tho Southern Cross called by a phrase which means " the nose of the man that fell after eating sugar cane?" I am told that no islander can tell nuythiog about this man. Was ho some legendary Adam for whom sugar cane was the forbidden fruit? It is to be hoped that ere long a Folklore Society will exist in' th-» colonies, and that it will gather up these fables and myths of the Pacific. Such products of the human mind and heart are more precious than any' pearls for which these seas are searched j and no coral can be com- I pared , to . that which represents this early j idealisation of natnrc. Mr. Gill, in his Myths I atui. Sonysfroml the South Pacific, has shown that tbe mythology of some of the islanders is exceedingly rich, Mr. Young, with whom I had the pleasure of travelling, has a fine col lection of native legends, which I hope he will publish. Now Snd then wc find one which seems to show that their religion has had a slight development in the direction of the great historic religions. As Brahma was superseded by Vishnu, and left no temple ; ns.Saturn wa3 dethroned by Jove ; as Jahve was superseded by Jesus, and even as First Person has no .temple dedicated to hhn ; so.it Would appear that, among tho Mnngaians, the old god flu came to ait eud by his son Maui. That was in the time when the sky was nearer earth lhau now, and ovory body had thiit familiar knowledge of things in heaven which is now confined to theologians. The sky was then seen to be built of blue stone, and it rested on the stout leaves of the teve. Man kind were pent up in the small space be tween earth and sky,'- Ra compassionately tried to raise the sky a little, and hence was called " Sky-supporter." His dwarfish son M.iui contemptuously asked him what he was about, and flu burled him to a great height. Maui changed himself for the moment to a bird, and when he. bad alighted' huHed bis father Iiu and his sky too to such a tremendous height that they never got back again. Ku became hopelessly entangled amid the - stars.; his body rotted away, and his bones tumbled, down to earth from time to time, and they may be seen in the couutlcss fragments . of bluestone in Mangaia. This way of dealing with the early "sky-sup- porters" by their earth-snpporting sons is savage. Not even the devil is treated so now. Man Friday asks Crusoe,.' Why not God. kill devil ?" It is difficult to make these simple people understand that it Jahve were to slay Baton outright there couldn't be any more churches, nor bishops, nor doctors of divinity.. Civilisation lias changod all that, and the old deity is compromised with and given a cere monial position in the new scheme— till that too waxes old, and can continue only as seal to the authority pf a successor. ' ,' , As we caino near Sydney, and the time was at hand when our little floating island com munity must eud its few weeks of existence; a shade of sadness was upon us. . Dr. Johnson described a sea voyago as " imprisonment,' with a chanco of being drowned ;" but wc had made our prison so pleasant that, like the pri soner of Chillon, we didn't like to leave , it.' Two discoveries a philosopher may make on a long sea voyage: one is that man is a very adaptable creature, and that if need be he can gradually make little things yield him as mnch mirth and delight as big ones ; and tho other is that this world might bo happier if we looked opon it as a larger ship voyaging an invisible ccan with neither shore in "sight, its fellow- travellers borne amid common dangers, fol lowing the same hopes, and to the same silent land. 