LAYING FOUNDATION STONE OF THE PRESBYTERIAN MANSE. THE above interesting ceremony took place last Thursday afternoon. Shortly after four o'clock a goodly number of persons had assembled on the manse ground, adjoining St. Stephen's Church; everything being in readiness the Rev. IR. A. Steel announced the 100th Psahnl, after this had been sung the reverend gentleman read the 132nd Psalm and offered up prayer. Ar. Stool then reviewed the work of the manse commnittee, the progress nado ill collecting funds for the building, the calling of tenders, acceptance of one which afterwards fell through and the subsequent acceptance of the tender of Mr. J. Keahlnasn, who contracted to build the manse, with certain deviations from the plans, (kindly presented to the committee by lMr. J. Biarnet, Colonial Architect), for the sum of £;650 ; Mr. Kealhan was making headway with the building, as they could see for themselves, and they had now assembled to lay the corner stone ; they had a good sum of money already in hand and hoped soon to have mucltlh more as several persons had promised to give subscrip tions when they saw the building really cons menced. He would call upon Mirs. Charles M'Kea?nie to lay the stone; this good lady had laid the stone of the pretty Church just beside tlihem, and he thought it fitting she should per formn the same oceremony for the mllanse; but L.e had something to tell them first-a friend had comeu to him and learning that Mrs. M.'Kenhnu i hald not received a trowel and mallet when she had laid the church stone, told him (M?r. Stool) to procure these articles at his (the friend's) ex Speiso; of course he took his friend at his word and had purchased those articles. A sealed bottle, containing a copy of the Quetuibeyans Alge, 'Presbyteriani, aild some manu scripts, l'aving beeoo placed in the cavity, and the stono fixed in position, Tile lv. Mr. Steel handed a handsome silver trowel and black-wood mallet to Mrs. DM'Keah iio, who spoke a few feeling words of thanks, and theo, spreading the mortar, the stone was lowered in its place, and with a tap of the nmal let Mr's D s' ioalnie, "in the insne of theFather, Sun,andHoly Ghost," declared the stone "well sad duly laid." Donations welo then laid upon the stoneo; when cousited, these amounted to the sumi of £30 Oa. (id. mosit of it in gold and notes. Mlr. Steel said he much regretted the absence of several otlher speakers whom he had expeooted would lhars been present to address themoi, but they were doubtless unavoidably provented. The 1)oxoloy was thou suing, and the company disleraed, to smeet agai an an hour lathitor at TiHE TREA-S.EETINO whilch was Ihld in the Temnporance Hall. The tables were landued with the usual delicacies, and lookcd very pretty with their decorations of flowers iand fruit. About 100 personts ant droiwn to tea, the tables ibeinig presideod over by MItsedames Stool, Graiham, oanlmals, Porvival, ThlonIpsons, anlld McGnOrry ; several others seolding handsouoe contributions ; these good ladies were kept busy for soame thim, bIut iat last evorybody s appletit was appeaseil and the tables removed anud thlle hnll arranged for the publilo mooting. 'Thu hproceeodinuies cominnoncod with the slnitngl of the hlynmn, ".iesus of Nauarethll Passeth By, itfter wiehi the 1etv. R. A. Stoul offereu up lr. WV. Atlleok, who occdpled- the chair, msido It fw retmnlarks, i. tile course ef whloh lie sall le hrus like Ra fls outl of water, HIo had ' made no preparation for a speech as lie had only arrived in town that morning and had no idea that he would be recnested to ,?resih, over this '- .L;ng; he highly liaptpre ed the ? irtit our conferred dn hint B ?'i ?l?tit i?jifeoll had alshays dild Whllitt hd dcilt to ldlp on liia Presbyterian Church in various ways. He spoke highly of Mr. Steel's zeal and ability in working the district; his popularity amongast members of all denoinjnations and said lie would do his best to ansist hint in his ork. 'I'he eveint of laying the Afodndatiori s6ine of a manse.woult perhaps rittiur hlsqpIdieii.a ii ; lie trts?ted oi the completiiti of lid bLtilding that their sestiected pastor might be spared for many years to labour and live amongst them. He urged the members of the church to give liberally and work toetheor so that the manse would soon be ready ?or ocupation; by so dor iltg they uould greatly assist the cause. Quean boyan was the centre of the district and while Mr. Steeol rsided at Bdngeinddore hid labomired ai or masinly didad edntngg. ld thei Soronr the tliildlig was completed thOe better it would be for all parties. Heo would liked to have seen a better attendance at the tea so that none of the good things so abundantly provided by tne ladies would huiveb been loft. The speaker wolld suiggest that the provisions left should be sold by auctionl And ttes prodeeds ivesl to the linaso fdiu. O(i oiso occasion a similar thing was done at Gundaroo iand a sice sum realized. He would now leave thie speech making to those p nore practised ill the art and proceed with tllopiobgraiuiile. (Applhuse.) Thie hymn, :" Sweet Hour of Prayer," was then sung, and the chlairmanst called uplon the Rev. S. J. Gibson to address the nmeeting. Mr. Gibsoi said it gave hint great pleasure to be present that evening. He was glad to iee the Presbyterianl Church keeping pace with the towi. The laying of the foundation of a mianse was a sign tlhatl0hristianitymwassnotdying out as some people imagined, but was rapidly spreading throughout the length and breath of the land and msaking its poter and influence felt. He heartily sympathised with Mr. Steel in the many trials through which lie halid and must continue to battle. Sometimes ministers of the gospel received little encouragement from their people; moiney was not the ornly necessary assistanmce; ministers needed the prayers, syspathy and co- operation of their flock. During the three years Mr. Steel had been amongst tlhem lie had laboured hard to forward the cause of Christianity; the Gospel of Galilee was the reward for all the worker's ills. At some future time lhe hoped to visit Queanbeyan and to find Mr. Steel still amongst them and the cause flourishing. He urged ulrn those present to use all their talents for good and encourage their minister by clearing their manse of debt, and concluded by wishing prosperity to the Presbyterian Church in Qoueanbeyan. Tihe hymn "Sweet Hopr of Prayer," then followed. Mr. Wright was pleased to see so many pro sent and looked upon it as an expression of public opinion to have the foundation stone of a iioulsos laid in Queanbeyan. It showed that we still believe in the old doctrines and in Christ as the Saviour of the world. He did not believe in sectarianism being introduced on secular matters. He would have beeo glad had nlore newspapers boon put in the b'tle placed tiunder the stone. He hoped the present meeting would be a procurilor of maniy such mootings to prove that the work of tile Re foruierswas still being carrie. on and lie trusted it would be carried on till the end of time. Ho hoped anything he imight have said in the warmth of his enthusiasm which might have bIeen displeasing to ally one present would be forgotten. After the singhing of the hyni '' Pull for tile Shore," the Rev. Mr. Steel rose and said that as his voice was so often heard ihe would not inflict a speech upon the audience. But as this was an ansniversary lihe would refer to his past labours. He had now entered upon his third year in Queanbeyan. There was some analogy between tile parable of .the barren fig-tree and his labours here; yet he had some encouragement. New places had bcon opened up for the preaching of the gospel. During thle past year ihe had travelled 5000 miles. He loved study and tried not to bring dishonour upon the great theme of the gospel by not nmak ingppropir preparation. This was a redlotterday in the history of the Presbyterian Church and he hoped the work betun that day would when completed last for years and by and bye both church and manse prove too small. He had received nuchll encouragement and many ox pressions of approval and his whole desire by his life and work was in tho hands of God to make the people better. To accomplish this he asked for and needed thle prayers of hIis congrogrations. For like Moses when hlis hands were uphold success attended him, so lie when his hlands were uphold by the prayers of his people could look forward to the pros perity of the cause they loved. He thanked tllhose in attendance for their presence both at that nmeeting and at thle laying of the stone. Hoe pIayed that god's blessing would rest upon them as a people. With rogard to the remarks Inade by two previous speakers in reference to only one newspaper published in the town bo ing placed in the bottle, Mr. Steel said lie felt ,quite justified in tile cours ho had pursued and his people would thoroughly undeorstand his actions in the niatt-r. The rev. gentleman resumed his seat amidst loud applause. " What a Friend we have in Jesus," witas nicely sung, after which A vote of thanks to the ladies who had pro vided the tea was proposed by Mr. Charles McKeaknio and seconded by the Rev. S. J. Gibson in a few gallant remarks. Mr. Wright proposed and Mr. Kealman seconded a vote of thanks to the chairman, which was carried by acclamation. Mr. AfIleck suitably rosponded. saying hlis duties as chairmnan had been exceedingly light. Apologies were soult Iy the Rev. J. Auclin lech-Ross, who was seriously indisposed, also by Mr. Jolhn Gale who was unavoidedly absent lit SydnIey. Tile prosounoing of the benediction toerLin noed tihe proceedings. 