OWCWITTING THE BRIGANDS. It Qn sach amornirig as we fog-nur tured islanders seldom witness at home, that - J pod upon the deck of the good steamer Coumoundouros, watahiogthenearing shores of the Piraeus, which u ktl tlie world knows, or ehouldknow, is the port of the dlassic city of Athens. Thebeaotiful unclouded Bky; tbfc.brightoutline of the sunbathed aoastj ihe-air4»den with fcbescent of-tbe distant Bjatettns; the far enainenoe with the ^grand old Acropolis staridingout white #nd bold wni .tbe dew atmosphere ; and oleee it land tbe taouldering tomb of- Theroistoclea—*11 com bined to arouse such poelio fancies m my mind, that I forgot for tbe moment the pro eaic^business opon • wbicb l had coffle. The screaming engine of ;tbe' busy little railway which carries tlie traveller from tbe Fuwub t»» A ^Jw»nB, goon ■ reminded tne, however, that I Was, 'accredited with a mission from a London Greek firm to their friends in tbe Attic city'; and I was soon whirling over the *aci»d ground >'\ ■ . =Whej)e History gives to.every rood a p^®1 - We passed tbe monuments of those doughty champions; of. the War of Indepepdenoe, Xaiiadkakifl and Miaulis, and many other ohjwts pf interest; and after a ride of three or .four miles, I found myself at my destina tion. . , . ' • A,fter tbe first few days, I certainty had a very plfftfflnfr time of • it, the few hours' wore iwrb day acting only as a stimulus ;to toy' varied pleasures ; and -baring''examined the Acropolis, andjunched by tbe fallen pillar of Jupiter, seated myself in the ruins of tbe Pnji—wtenoe Demosthenes declaimed, and Pericles evolved. bis plans—I - looked a^otttid , Jike'Alexander, for mere worlds to conquer. I thereupon consulted my genial bit' 'ntf ™lirf boat- Kyrifl -Antonio Pericles Pappa demetracoponlos—wba, although Plato was to" hiin » text-book, and the sayings of Socrates as familiar as the story of Tommy " and Harry to an English schoolboys was always,as dirty as a sweep—upon tbb pro priety of betaluDgmyaeJf to where The mountains lookon Marathon, AnilMarathon looks on tiie aea. For one might as well go to Egypt without visiting the Pyramids, or to Bome without entering |3fc. Peter's, as to ' do' Greece and leave Marathon unexplored. And when my bost tried to dissuade me by asBUringine that a Grj»k gentleman's ear . bad beensint a fortaigbtbeforiB by the brigands to bis obsti nate relatives tohurrythe negotiations for (lie ransom it so roused my blood that I Vowed I'would, go if I returned as close cropped as; an English terrier. So away we started—myself and Themistocles, the son of my host, a sallow, unshaven youth dirtier tban.lus father—mounted upon two jugli spirited donkeys, our revolvers well primed, and our commissariat well stocked. * Addit Kyrie!' : shouted my long-named host as jre.cantoned off.. ' NeverJear£ I replied, .waving my revolver defiantly, andfeeling that I should be greatly disappointed if the rascals did not show them selves; On we went, enjoying the scenery and hold ing: a hybrid conversation—he in broken English, and I in sadly mutilated Greek— •until in tbe excitement . of tbe ride, and tbe glorious panorama .constantly unfolding itself to our view, I entirely forgot that there were, such beings as brigands in existence/ * Now,* said I to Themistocles, after a ride of some hours, during which my appetite had become unpleasantly sharpened, ' let Ue look about for a spot where we can bivouac'in ! comfort.' * i Wesoon found a delightful place, sheltered 1 all round, save where, through a small open- | ing, we obtained a view of a charming land- 1 scape. IHsmounting, and allowing our i animals to refresh themselves on the grate, we soon made havoc of the good things we. | bad brought. I was lying upon my back smoking a cigarette after the meal, ga^ng | dreamily at tbe blue firmanent; and being too lazy to rise had called upon Themistocles i to pass the bottle. * Has the fellow gone to sleep?' thought I, still indisposed to turn my bead. ' Themis- j tocles!' '; ' i : ButThemistoclea beard me not; and when I raised myself upon my elbow, I saw him 1 standing, 'as if struck dumb and motionless -with fear, staring upon the opening.' In- ! stinctively I leaped up and' clutched my re volver ; but before I took a stop tbe cause of Themistodles* fear became apparent;' and . three' shaggy forms 'behind three blunder busses aimed direct at me, made me fully | aware that I was in the presence of those j scourges of Greece—the brigands 1 But oh" ^ what; <a metamorphosis! Where were tbe natty green jackets With silver buttons, tbe plumed bats, and the tout ensemble of the brigatids of my'youth, of the operas, and ttie ! picture books f Three ragged, disreputable-' j lobkingfie urea," clad in greasyeheep-skins and dirty clothes, unkempt, unshaven, took the place Of those timelledheroeg.and with stern gestures and muttered threat#, ordered us to j follow (beau ' Myfirst thought was resist- | sticA? but when l showed tbe slightest signs, ; tbe' three bell- mouthed muskets were bent i towards me; and I .felt-that' the odds were : too many, and determining to wait Events, j grimly submitted to be led down the mountain j by our unsavory guides. "" ' . * ' ] At last, after winding through ravines and hollows, across -glen*, andover mountain pa€lis innumerable, this most' unpleasant journey ended by our guides calling a halt as we gained the sumtnitof an' eminence sur rounded by trees and small rocks, forming an extraordinarynatural- fortress. Beueath our feet,: in a deep raviiie, withseeroingly but one outlet, and excellently sheltered by over-hiang irig foliage, was- tbe camp df 'the brigandsj and hers we found tbe rest of the shaggy mffiane—with the exception of one "Who stood sentinel—enjoying their seista with' in dolent content. A shrill whistle soon brought the rascals to their feel? and rushing np to meet us, they displayed- a - dozen' of as unfavorable speci mens of tbe human race as could well be found. Seizing ctar asses bj their bridles, they relieved our captors, and led us down the ravine, and having roughly assisted ns to dismount, brought os into the presence of the chief of tbe band; 'Bravo, lads! excellent, excellent!' he shouted, ss liis sparkling eyes bent upon us in delight; and after a cursory examination, we*were conducted,'amid the excited gesticu lations of tbe brigands, and without undue ceremony, into a dark cavern within tbe ravine. ... ' Shiver my maintops!1 exclaimed a -voice as I groped my way in; ' thej might give us 8ea-room,the vagabonds, and not land ns in this lubberly creek; and . now they .are shoving more craft into anchor!' ' Haul in, Jack, old. chum!' answered another; * wemuBtmake the best of a bad. job,mate.' {To say that my heart leaped-into my month at hearing such unexpected words, and find ing myself in the .company of my own countrjmen, would no. mora than describe, the cheeripg sensation that thrilled through; me. •""" ...... 'What cheer, mBtes ?' I cried in the dark-. ness. ' Answering exclamations of astonish ment Jgreeted my words; and in s few minutes our stories wen . told; and I learned my new-found friends were the Captain. and supertatrgo of a ehip .then lying in the : port of the Piraeus, who, aeekingalike object i'ad met with a similar fate to my own. * Jind now,' said Captain Jack Jenkins, «how are we to get out of this scrape? II I had Tim, and Joe, and Black Tom, each with a cutlass sod a barking-iron here, we'd soon make a passage, I'd warrant! ' 'Thats all rerj well,'said Will Johnson the Bspercargo; 1 but we haven't. If Td hut tie opportunity given me, I'dguarantee* •Whatever the supercargo was about to say was cut short by the advent of two dock heads at tbe little opening of our prison, and two harsh voices calling ub—as my guide (Tbemistoclea informed <u to partake of a. feast; for we leaned afterwards that the rchief, in commemoration of having made auch .a good haul, had decided to allow ub, his prisoners, to partaie of the general fee ' tivity. But as a preliminary, we had-to, undergo an examination-us to our capability ;of paying the anticipated ransoms. . First, we, | were relieved of our watches and rings, the . : Caption using language rather strong for • translation to thesepages, tothegreat amuse- „ ; jmentoflus tormentors, who with similar ges- { 'ticulationg to his, endeavored to imitate the : sound oftliei Captain'p words,whichof course only added 16 liis wrath and their hilarity. 'You uncombed, dirty-fjiced vagabonds!' ; he iBhouied, 'ifl had a few of you Aboard the , Ann ip Jlarlin, Fd twist your ugly heads oyer the yard-arm in the twiiikling of a jiffy!' ! Of'couree they only-laughedtlie louder at his impotent jage; and I thought it quite as well that ihey did not understand the lan guage -irrwhicta he gave it vent. The ,operation of stripping ns of our valu ables gave me pn opportunity to observe the appeai^nce pf mj companions. Captain Jen- . kins'Was the beau-idealo£ an English seamap. Iio age aboilt tliirty-five, of a. large and robust' build, a .face. browi. manly, and bearded, and : limbs aucH as would delight a SCnlptor to copy. Jjis height wae nearly six,feet ;and he hpid an air of command. about him wliich ■ 'Was doubtless Ibred of bis occupation. TJie 8upercsrgjo, Will Johnson, was perhaps ten yean younger; nearly as tall as his friepd, strong and active; and take us altogether^: fori ampf op mean stature myself—wis were three .men who, under any circumstances, would be no disgrace to our country ; and if any opportunity should arise for an attempt at an' escape, I felt certain that we should give as gdpd an account of ourselves as any acrafebthrep, here or there. . ' Having satisfied themselves of the value of my late father's watch, which I parted from with some emotion, and of the intrinsic worth of the Captain's gold chronometer, as 'Well as the supercargoes watch and "diamond ring, we were interrogated. through ThemiBtocles, as to our means. For myself, the name o£ the firm I was' travelling for acted vitha talis manic effofct upon them, and, I Was imme diately assessed—notwithstanding my protes tations—at three hundred pounds. At this prire, tooj theCaptain's freedom was valued; while the unfortunate Supercargo — whoBe business they persisted in confounding with that of owner of the'cargb and ship—was , unanimously voted to be, worth twice, our ransom. " Having arranged this matter to their own satisfaction, if not to ours, we were told to ait down anil enjoy ourselves with what appetite' we could muster.' : The smell of th6 roast lamb and the fresby baked meal cakefe, however, soon aroused pleasanter £ensfttione.arid dimmed for a time the memory of our griefs ; more especially as, under the apparent certainty of obtaining his booty, the chief condescended to be quite patronising towards us, carving the joints himself for us, and delicately handing on the point of a dagger, our several portions. After we had satisfied our hunger with' the more solid viands, we were regaled with dried fruits as dessert j and a luge jar of a peculiar sherry-colored but bad tasting wiue of a re sinous flavor—which ThemiBtocles- described as the common wine of the coupjTy—was brought in and set down in the imidst of ub. This we told them we could not drink ; and the chief very generously ordered us a couple of bottles from his own particular store,'doubt less the proceeds of a raidupon some well-to do householder. Will Johnson after a time managed to in gratiate himself in the favor of ow shaggy hoBtand his friends by hia genial happy man ner and frank bearingj favoring-the company with .many remarks. whicb,' translated by Themii-tocles, evidently pleased them. 'When, too, by. sleight-of-hard—m wlrich he was an adept—he performed soine shnple tricks, and gave them & music-hall song wiiha rollicking chorus, and wound'up with a hbriipipe ac-.. companied by the Captain with a. pocket comb and a piece of paper, the general en thusiasm knew no bounds,-and the beetle browed vagabonds laughed till the tears rolled down their cheeks. Will now became on such excellent termB with them all, that he proceeded to take some freedoms with them ; Jmd when he snatched the horn, from the cup- beai-er; and installed himself in tbe official's place, ladling, the wine out of the wide-mouthed jar and handing it around to the company, his triumph was complete. - - ' For heaven's sake!' said he as he passed us, 'don't take' any of this stuff, and don't drink much-of your, own." ' ... 'Never fear,' said Jenkins,, making a wry face j 'one taste is sufficient.' And so Will went ronnd with the cup, mak ing a comical remark to this one, and a grim ace to that, until the chief—evidently fearing from their hilarity-that they were taking too much?—ordered tbein to desist from drinking and return to'their several duties. -Meanwhile,' we w« re sent back into our dungeon, with a sentinel stationed at the opening. 'Notaword,' whispered Will, as we sett-led down iu our prison — * Here's something, Captain,' hp continued,' that belongs to you.' ' Why,' said the Captain in reply, as; Will banded hrm 'the article mentioned, ' this is a stopper out of my med:cine chest.' 'To be sure it is, Jack,' returned Will; and I must apologise for the liberty of taking jour laudanum phial'; but my confounded pack.topth was so- painful op board the ship last., night, that I got -up and took it, and luckily forgot to return it this morning. You must debit me with the bottle and its contents, for I dropped them both into tbe vagabonds' ! wine-jar.' ' What !' we all exclaimed in a breath. ' Now, stop your clappers!' continued the supercargo.—'Jack, you know I am not bad at sleight-pf-hand tricks. Well, in the first place, having contrived to secrete the bottle while: the .blackguards were relieving me of , my valuables, and then having attained the' position of waiter, what was easier than to' wriggle the, bottle down my sleeve, whip out tbe stopper, and drop the lot into their swipes; giving the bottle a crack and stirring the laudanum up,, every time I dipped the horn into.it!' 'Bravo, Will!'cried the Captain, seizing his hand ^ind giving it a hearty shake. ' If | that's the case, we're, safe; for the blackfaced rascals won't;wake up for a dozen hours I'll be-bound.. There! our guard has dropped off already!' And sure enough, the drowsy ruffian had planted himself right acrosB the opening and was snoring loudly* * Now for it 1' cried the impetuous Jack Jenkins, rising* '-Hold hard!' said Will. 'Let them get well off.' So, setting ourselves down for half an hour, we talked .the matter over. At the end of ■ this time, we sent the trembling Themistocles to see how tilings were outside; and after peeping oyer the prostrate sentinel, he gave' us to .understand that they were all sleeping except three, and they were retiring to the other end of the ravine, and would- in a. minute be oat of sight. 1 Capital!' said Will, with suppressed ex citement. 'Sow -each take a pistol and a cutlass from the fellows and follow me.' One after the other we stepped across the sleeping brigand at the entrance, Will reliev ing him off his pistol, dirk, and blunderbuss; while tbe Captain and 1 stood by jeady to give him his quietus at the slightest: of his waking. Then the four of us, gliding like ghosts, assisted -ourselves to whatever Weapons we could-moBt etisily lay hands upon ; and as Themis tod es was not of much use for .fight ing, we. gave him the bag containing. our valuables:—which we: fonnd by the side of the sleeping chief—if well as several spare pistols, to cany. Picking our way without speaking a word, we advanced towards the . open end of the ravine; and just as we tnrned round a lotting piece of rock, we saw three Bentioels, seemingly in earnest conversation. 'Haiti' whispered Will. 'Now for a rush!' and each singling out his man and hisrifle by the barrel-—for we avoided the noise of .shooting—we sprang forward. Al most simultaneously, and before the'enemy had time to observe us, we were upon them, and three rifle-stocks descended upon three shock heads with such force, that two of the fellows dropped -like stones. The stock ofmy rifle glanced off the hard head of my antago nist and .crashed against the rock. With a stifled ciy,: he turned; but in an instant my hand- was upon his throat,' and the sound died in his gullet; while with the Btrfebgth of desperation, I dashed his head against the wall-like rock ; and after a struggle—inwhich he wpunded me with his dagger—he fell from my grasp, apparently lifeless. . 'Now,' said the Captain, 'where are the donkeys ?—Come, Greeky!' he cried : to Themistocles; ♦ bear a hand;' and looking around, we espied our four animals just as we left them, but with a brigand sitting by them. Here was an unlooked-for rencontre ! He was fully a hundred yards trfF, and to get at him, we should have to cross a small plateauj ' Ijeave him to me! -' cried Jenkins, prepar ing -to rash forward. But uniier the" ad f ice of the supercargo, he stopped. ; We coiilq have picked him off easily, bat dared not for the noise of the rifles. " ^ r.vL j 'Hang it!' impatiently muttered Jenkins, * we shall be trapped again, after all j' and without further parley, the impetuous fellow startedoff, running on tbe tips of his: toes, with a drawn cutlass in oiie hand and apis tol in the' other. Just as he was within ja few yards of .the brigand, the latter turned round, and seeing how matters stood, made fpr his rifle, which wqs leaning against a tree a few feet off; but a revelver huried deftly By Will Johjison—for we hsd all followed—catching him directly in the face, so effectually stopped his-progress, that he fell'stunncia tri the ground. ' ' You persist in doing all the work,' said Jenkins as we came up to him. ♦ But quick, lads; off we go:' and in a moment we were on our asses, and under the guidappQ of our Greek companion, were making with break neck speed for Athens. Up hill, down dale, on we went for a ccuple of hours without stopping or meeting a human. being; then, just as we were about to cross the summit of a mountain at which we had arrived, a harm less-looking ' peasant wished us ' good day,' and was about to pass on. * Seize him!' cried Themisfo?'«s; he's a scout.' 'So seize him we did, for caution's sake; and as. there were no trees near, we tied bis hands and legs together, and left him begging formeny. But there was no mercy in us, more especially as Themistocles' explained that there was such a curirus and mysterious connection between the brigands and villagers, that it was' by no means unlikely—bad we allowed him to go free—he would hive hied to the nearest village' and roused a swarm of semi-brigands about us. Having travelled for foiir hours, and as our asses could scarcely get along for fatigue, we called a halt! and after resting ourselves pnd watering our animals, we continued our journey until, late at night we, leached Alliens, where, round the hospitable board tit ourhloftt. we soon foreotonr troubles. -Chamber's Journal. 