WILLIAMSTOWN RACES. Tho Easter meeting of iho WilliamstowtL Racing Clnh was hold on Monday on tho local ' course noar Point Cook, Tho weather during. . the earlier part of tho day was fino, though' rather oppressive, Botween three o'clock andk half-past a fall of rain took place, causing thoserj nresent to sook shelter, of which very littlo was obtainable. Tho attendance was good, a large number of visitors from tho metropolis being present. Tho stand was well filled, prin cipally by ladies. Tho arrangements goneralia, wore good, though thero aro two exceptions- ta this statement. Tho first was in connection with tho railway arrangements, tha club having, advertised that visitors would bo convoyed di rect to tho courso. Those who went by rail, however, found that they had been impose, upon, as thoy had to walk over paddocks and ienccB for upwards of a milo to tho course. Tha second causo of complaint was tho badjjtarting. Itt thoAltonaHandicapsomothing like 20minutos was spent before tho four hortes wero sent away foe thoir short spin. Tho starring of tho next raca . also was a failure, ICauootu in tho first plnca bolting and wasting somo time, and Plato after wards turning round instead of going off with tho other horses when the flag fell. Tho fields wero small, but soreral excellent finishes took plaeo, particularly iu tho Altona Handicap, which was won on the post by Tho Ghost, who was brought up in splendid stylo by his jockey, Kilby. Too nurdlo Raco resulted in a win foe Yarrec, wiio finished in good style; Stormbird was second, and Merry Maid third. Eros, the only othor starter, fell over tho last hurdlo, and! so spoilt his chance. Tha Telegraph Stakes— a soiling raco— went to Doctor, who defeatod Queen Elizabeth and Kanoota with case. The latter only carried 4 st. G lb., his weigh! having been reduced to this by selling allow ances. Tho winner was sold for £5G, tho club - profiling .by £30. Tho .rain commonccd just before tho Galloway Raco was run, making the courso in rathor a greasy condition. The contest was- -not at .all oxciting, or evon interesting, Prattle winning as sho pleased from Villago Lass, tho only other starter, Flying Bee, never appear ing to bavo a show of winning. The Steeplechase brought forth, six. competitors, aud was a good race. Notwithstanding Iho condition of the courso after .the /-heavy ehowor, not a emglo full look place. . The result proved a victory for Premier. Breechloader running liini very closely' , for pride of place : Ascot finished third and Governor fourth. Th«g programme . concluded with the Soafonr Ilaudicap, wh|oh;brought out seven starters. It resulted in n victory for Black Diamond, who led almost from the stark Dougalston made a good offott, but vjas defeated by a neck ; L'Africaino finished third. - No official tirao was taken for any of the events. The following are the details of the racing 17- Handicap Hurdle. Race, of 00 sova. Two mllos. G. Cripps's brm.Yarrcc, by Khedive » Ib. It/Batlr's b ir 9toroibird, 0 st. .. .. OV®!5 \ M. Jacobs's cn m Mcrrymaid, 10 st. . . 3 B.Y6ond'3ch ff Eros,.llst. 4lb (Kilduff) 0 Bettin" : ''Even on Eros, 3 to X each against Stormbiid and Merry Maid, 4 to 1 An trcn start took place, Stormbird gottlnc. off quickest, but immediately giving way to Merry Maid, who led for a short disUnco. Stormbird, however, wain went to the front and led over the first hurdle, Kro3 being last.' Over the next juum the ordor was Stormbird, Ynrree, Merry Maid and Eros. Round the U ft, towards the atraight, the order remained un- changed. Coming up tlio straight Stormbird. Merrj JIaid ami Ynrrcowcre almost abreast, Lro? still being last,- Rounding tbc.tan again Lros went Up to third place, Improving his position us they wonkaleng the qnposito side of the course until he was at tho head 01 irt?aira. The pace wa3 increased very much as they rouuded the turn towards home, Ynrree being last, but close to the others. At tho last hurdle Eros, who bcld n good position on tho Insldo, fell, leaving the finish to be docidcd between tho other three. Tho little mare, Yarree, proved herself best, winning by about fix lengths from Stormbird, who was a couple of lorigths in front of Merry Maid, Alto.na Handicap, of 50 sovs. Five furlong?. C. Jones's ch or ro h The Ghost 6 ym., 3 si., by Tregcaglc (KUby) 1 J. M'liittlngham's br f Honora, 2 yra.,7 Bt. 4 lb, .. (St. Bacchus) 2 L. lu Smith's b m XJaidec of the Hills, 6 yra., 8 st. 81b. .. .. (UUey) 3 W. Langlcy's br h Stationer, 4 yra-j 8 et. 4 lb. .. (Kelly) 0 Belling : Even on Ilaidee of the Hills, 5 to 2 against Honora, 3 to 1 Ghost, 4 to 1. Stationer. After a very large number of attempts the horses got off fairly well, Honora being tho firit to Bhow in front, attended by Stationer and HnJdec of tho Hills, The Ghost being last. "He soou improved his position, going past Sta tioner to third place. This was the order m which tlioy rouuded the turn. In the straight the race looked a certainty for H-mora, but The Ghost was brought up on the Insnde In splendid etyle by KHby. and, gaining ground by every stride, won a well contested race bva bead on the post, iiaidcc of the Hills was a bad third, and Stationer last. Telegraph Staiies, of 50 sovs. llalf-a-milc. Weight for ago. Winner to bo sold for £00. Selling allow anccs, 7 lb. lorcvory £10 reduction in price. J. A. king's br h Doctor, by Argus Scandal, 4 yrs., 7 St. 7 lb. (£20). .. (Walker) 1 T. Jones's bll: or br f Queen .Elizabeth, 3 yrs.. G at. 12 lb. (£20). . .. .. . .. (KUby) 2 8\. Miller's ch g Kanoota, 2 yra., 4 st. 01b. (nil) .. .. ' .. .. .. .. .. (Tc- omcy) 3 A. DoirUug ne, b c Plato, 2 yrs., 4 st. 0 lb. (nil) .. .r ... . . ... ... .. .... .(Barr) 0 Betting : .7 to J on Doctor, 5 to 2 against . Kanoota. After Kanoota had done a preliminary on his own ac count, the starter sent them off, but I'lato, iii3toadof going away, ran round the first post, ami put himself out of the race. Doctor went off with the lead, having Queeft.' Elizabeth next to Win, Kanoota being last, lie, however, at once began to go up, and A9 they rounded tho turn towards the straight, their chances appeared tolerably even. Doctor, on the inside, was first iuto the straight, and succeeded In maintaining his adyaniago to the finish, winning from Queen Elisabeth by about a length; Kanoota being third, about three longtbs off. Galloway Stares.— Handicap of 25 sovs. Five furr longs. For Galloways, 3 yra. old and upwards, 14 hands - inches, and umler (to bo measured before starting). J. DalUway ns bm Frattlo,4 yrs., by Buckingham, 8 st. 4 lb. .. .. (lluht) 1 J. Cripps's b m Village Lass, 5 yrs., 7 st. 10 lb. .. .. .. .. .. .. (Walker) 2 S. Moore ns b m Flying Bee, 5 yrs., 8 et. 2 lb. .. .. .. .. (Burton) 3 Betting: 0t'o 2on Prattle. At tho fall of the flag the favorite went to the front, attended by Village Lass, who disputed precedence with her for a short distance. Tho first mentioned, however, soon as serted her superiority, and won easily by two lengths. Flying Bee never appeared to be in it, and fluishod somo distance behind tho'othors. Steeplechase, of 50 sovs. Two miles. T. Coffey's ch h Premier, by Yellow Jack, G yrs., 10 st. 7 lb (lluht) 1 It. Howie's b g Breechloader, aged, 10 St. 41b. .. .. (Keating) 2 A. F. Bradshaw's b g Ascot, G yrs. , 10 st. (Chalker) 3 G. Glasscock's br g Governor, 4 yra., Of). 71b. ;. .. (Kilduff) 0 J. W. Clarke's br g Cruiser, aged, 0 st. 4 lb. (M'Douald) 0 J. Cripps's b gIlector,aged, 9 st. 7 lb. .. (llowitt) O Betting: 7 to 4 against Premier, 6 to 2 Breech loader,. Hector and Ascot, were tho first to show to tho front, tho firetnamed leading over tho first fence, slipping as he landed from the jump aud almost coming to grief. Tbo horses soon became separated by considerable distances, from Hector, Cruiser and Ascot lu the van to Breechloader, who was going tast. Rounding tho turn Cruiser and Premier were at the liead of , affairs, tho pair leading over tho jumps in front of tbo stand. Round the turn thoso most pro minent wcro Premier, Ascot, Cruiser. After getting over thc fcucc at tbo turu Hector rau off the courso and destroyed his eliance. Going along the back of tbo courso Premier and Ascot were in front. Breech- loador then wont up to second place, the order as they came round tho turn towards the straight being l'rcraior, Breechloader, Ascot, Governor and Cruiser. Those positions were maintained to the finish, Pro- jiicr, on the Inside, winning by a length and a half, Accot a bad third, Governor feurtti and Cruiser fifth. SrApokd Handicap, of 7G flovs. Ouo mile aud a quarter. ._ J. Patorson'o blk g Black Diamond, Gyrs., by Her- - 'cules, 7 st, i. .. ,, .. (Dobson) 1 L. L. Smith's bh; Dougzlaton, 6 yra., 7 St. 7 lb. „ (Barton) 2 J. WhUtinghnm's br f L'Africano, 3 yrs., 6 st. 4 lb. . .. (Bacchus) 3 S. Q. Calvert's bmUrnla, 4 yrs., 7at. 12ib. (Bell) 0 H. Yeend'a br h Balthazar, 6 yrs., 7 st. 71b. '- (Walker) 0 E. ErauB's br h Lapstone, 4 yrs., G fit. 10 lb. _ - (Bfonan) O H. Haines's b m Lucinda, aged, 0 fit, 6Mb. (Swallow) 0 Betting: 5 to 2 against Black Diamond, 2 to 1 Undo, 5 to X I/Afrioaine. L'Africaino and Lap- Ftonc on tho insldo got well away, Black Diamond also taking a good position, Dougal- olon being last. Bounding the turn Black Diamond had the load, Linda improvingher position, And Luciuda falling back lost, Tho black gelding still led along the back of the course, L'Africaino being close to.hlra. Turning into tho straight, the blackhad the Advaiitogo of the inside running. Dougalston now ;auio In good style, but could tiotsucceedln catching alio leader, who won by u neck, after an exciting finish botweoiubo pain L'Africaino was a bad third, then came Balthazar, Lapstonc, , Linda, and Luciuda Utt, . ,. 