The Lover up a Tree. Well, here's a situation, For a yonng man up a tree: With a bull-dog standing under, Looking lovingly at me I Treed 1 by all the arts of Cupid; Like a 'possum, or a 'ooon 1 What an aspect for a lover,j By the dim light of the moon I Oame to serenade my Julia ; Lightly climbed the garden-wall: Tuned my guitar 'neath her window, yonder where the shadows fall: Got as far as " Sleep, my darling,'" When a deep base bow 1 wow I wnl| Out of tune and time salutedme— I hear its echo now. And a snapping close behind me, \- Warned me a foe was near; So I beat a quick retreat from that, And found a lodgment here ! As I climbed this smooth alanthm, I felt a something tear; Let's see : yes, here's a rent behind j I know how it came there I Plague take the canine creature! wagging hie stiff bob-tail, As though he thought his narrative Would finallyprevail 1 But such dogmatic arguments Have no effect on me. And such waggish illustrations - With my temper don't agree, Yonder where the snowy cnrtain| In ths mellow moonlight shinet,! Unconscious of my sad mishap, My Julia dear reclines. I would not now for all ths world, That she should see me here, Dangling in this old alanthus, ^ ith a white flagin my resrl Oh 1 for a bit of strychnine, Or a poison of some sort I- I'd stop the wagging of that tail. And all this canine sport; 'Tis midnight, and I hope if now A ghost is on the jog, He'll come this way and frighten oS This most pugnacious dog. If fairies in the moonlight danoe, I trust some light oarouser Will come and ' play dog' for s whSi With this infernal "Bowser I" The merry stars seem laughing In their places up afar, But I am looking downward On a dangerous dog star, ^hen AotiBon looked on Dian, With her naked nymphs around, The angry huntress changed theboM Intruder to a hound. i . Oh 1 tor the power to change this i'l | Into a strapping fellow I I'd mounbJhim in a minute, And turn his bark tobellow. Hark'l what ie that?—an old tornMl ] Around the porch is crawling: Poor Tom 1 I've a fellow feline For your sad caterwauling I Now Bowser hears him I see, he tnmj 1 Confound the twigl its fastened in . . The rent within my trowser I He's gonel .and dog and cat are sw In mad and desperate chase; . 'Tis a very proper time, I think. For me to leave this plaoe.l 0 Julia I sleep i sleep sound, my W 1 j O do not vmke juBt yet, To view the rent"in my trowserloOMi Made by yonr canine pet 1 , And if yon never wake nntU My soft guitar you hear, You'll slumber till old Gabriel's hon Shall break your sleep, my djK 1 Cej'Ldhood shows the man, asm®® shows the day.—Milton. 