THE ROMANCE OF RYDE PIER. I. The pier is the most important ad- ict to the town, as it is to that Ryde es its prosperity. Before its erection 1814, the place was an insignificant iage ; now it is a municipal borough, h a resident population of fourteen or een thousand souls, to say nothing of : visitors who annually flock to its ires. The pier was at first only one -nsand seven hundred and forty feet g, but in 1824 and 1833 it was in- ased to its present length of about if a mile.' 'So says the guide-book ; and to the iinary reader the depth of romance itained in these dry statistics and rleton details may not readily appear, lo not allude to the singular fact that de, according to the guide-book, is in cited by thousands of disembodied lis ; though a town of ghosts is cer- nly singular enough to make an annual ck of curious visitors inevitable in :se days of spiritnal enquiry. I do t allude to this for the simple reason it, judging from my own experience, de contains exactly as many bodies as uls. And, as the guide-book determines say nothing of the visitors, I shall do e same, though no donbt every visitor s, or has bad, or will have, a romance his or her own. The point to which I aw special attention is this : that in e year 1823, Ryde Pier was only five indred and eighty yards long ; in 1833 e length had grown to about eight indred and eighty yards. Now the aerence between five hundred and ;nty, ana eignt nnnarea ana eignty is ecisely three hundred ; and precisely on those additional three hundred rds of planking is built the history of 0 human lives. If the authorities of the mnnicipal borough had stopped at e thousand seven hundred and forty t, Ryde Pier would have been three ?dred yards shorter, and I — but it is e to speculate upon what might have en. 1 might have been an Englishman, a elshmau, an Irishman, a Manxman, or Channel Islander. Happily, I am none these. And, being no native of Ryde, 7 soul and body were born together, d they had the wisdom to be born at umferlie, a parish which (in proportion the number of its population, and to e extent of their opportunities) has iduced a greater number of distin- isbed men thau any in the rest of the irld. It was mainly, if not altogether, habited by my own relations, both on e father's and the mother's side ; nor n I call to mind one who has not ortbily reached exceptional and not !dom extraordinary distinction. The me of my uncle Archie, as a poet only cond, if second, to Robert Burns, ached from one end of the parish to e other, and even into the next. There is not a man or woman in the family 10 had more faith in the natural med al skill of my paternal grandmother, an in that of all the faculty in Edin- irgh, and justly so, for scarcely one of ever ailed, or died under the full term three score and ten. The sermons of y kinsman, who waB for forty years inister of Drumfetlie, were just the ngest and deepest of any that I ever sard ; and as to my father, if he hadn't id the good luck to be a Drumferlie an, be must have had the bad one to i a Cabinet minister, for he was the isest man I ever knew, andjust flowing rer with philosophy. But I needn't go trough my pedigree. As for myself, 11 say nothing. But it's my hope to do ell enough to be worthy of having my >nes laid in the dear old town when my rn comes to die. One comfort is, do hat I will, I can't unmake myself a rumferlie man — a Plackless of Drum- riie. And that alone is more than ippens to men who are born elsewhere ith other names. I was an only son, and learned Latin, uglish, and mathematics at the common hool, and I don't find that I know them e worse for not having beeD at Eton, ne might think, considering that I had e blood of a poet in me, and that rumferlie is unquestionably the most autiful as well as the least frequented rish in the county, that I should have herited a rag or two of Uncle Archie's intle. But the numbers in which I iped were of a more practical kind, and itter adapted for charming open the irld's oyster-shell. I have already own that I have a statistical turn, and believe could pnt two and two together fore Nature had done it for me on my irth birthday. ' Bnt you mustn't be imagining, James,' d my father when I was setting out r college, ' that increase always comes addition ; no, nor even by mnltipli- tion, when addition means marrying, d multiplication a family. It's troe I ok your mother without a penny, and it- done ill thereby; but then that's cause your mother's your mother, with body else to match her in all Drumfer- Stick tight to the books, lad, till u see your way clear, and don't let me e to see my James wrestling the world th some feckless lass pulling down his nds, and a basketful of bairns at the re back of him. To put mnltum in rvo, James,. God bless you, and what- er you are, <3un't be a fool.' ' Indeed I \ton't,' said I, a little sur- ised at the rjature of my father's part ; advice, for I had never looked twice a girl, and indeed regarded the whole f as made to iuspire rather an awkward rt of awe than any sort of attraction, it, oddly enough, my mother was in the me song. ' Ye'll light on better favoured lasses sere ye're going, than any that are iwing up just now in Drumferlie,' d she. ' And they'll have eyes in sir heads for a well-looking lad, and iybe ye'll find a blink or two in your m for thrm Bat haste's no speed ; :e your own time. 'Tis true I took |ir father without a penny, and not oe that ill ; but then your father's ar father, with nobody else to match n in all Drumferlie.' She suddenly pped and turned away, ' Don't think i crying because ye're gung where it's id for ye to be,' said she sharply. ' I've I a bad cold for days, bnt 'twill be II when ye're home.' don't suppose that It was owing to advice of my parents that I acted, la out in the world, in the strictest irdance with their most unreasonable ires. Not in the great city of Aber- u did I meet with one who appeared ler by nature or by dowry fit to me His tress James Plackless of Drumferlie. My father was light. There was nobody like my mother, even in Aberdeen. I studied with fair in dustry and success, and grew up into a big callant with five foot eleven inches of length, a dne proportion of breadth and girth, a decently famished head, and plenty of muscle and bone. I hadn't fully made np my mind what I was going to be, sometimes I was fixed with an ambition to fill a professor's chair, another time I was fascinated by medi cine, another time by law, and then again London and letters drew me with the magnet that has proved to so many of my fellow countrymen an irresistible charm. Indeed, my ancestors had dis tinguished themselves in so many different and opposite directions, that some new drop ot hereditary blood seemed to speak out in me every new day. Business alone bad no attraction for me, doubtless owing to tbe fact that commerce is the one department of life in which no Flacklese — so far as I was then aware — had ever reached distinction. On the whole, however, the desire to be a soldier took more and more hold of me nntil it bade fair to extinguish every other. Only the purchase money of a commission was oat of the question, and the days were past when the ranks of foreign services opened a fitting career for a Scottish scholar and gentleman. And so things were floating aod drift ing, as they will for a while in most lives, when my father, while we were one morning strolling together round the toun-croft, as oar bit of a farm was called, presently sat down npon a top bar of a gate, pulled out his pipe, filled, and lighted it, and having taken a very deliberate pnff or two, began : 'James, yon've never heard of my first cousin, Andrew Beid V ' Never. Have we any cousins whom I don't know V 'I've told ye — Andrew Reid. His mother was Enpbemia Plackless, that was my aunt, and would be your own great aunt if she was alive ; bat she wasn't spoken of in tbe family, because she went off with William Reid ; it was an ngly story, and the less we say of that chapter of it the better. However, Andrew Raid's their son, and, in spite of his name, he seems to have turned out as good a Plackless as ye'll find even here in Dramferlie — except that he's made enough money out in the colonies to buy up the whole town. Ye're listening, James V I was certainly listening — rich relations were not heard of every day. ' And he must be his mother's own son ; for I, as the head of the family, had a letter from him about the time you first went to Aberdeen, saying it was her last dying wish that her sou should become friends with her own people. Only the lad hadn't liked to write sooner, because he wouldn't come back like a beggar to the folk that had turned her out of doors, or while one of them that had treated her that gait was alive. It was a good, stout-hearted, honest, decent letter, James, like a man wonld write to a man ; and I felt my fist stretching out to him all the way to Canada — for that's where the Reids had gone. Bat as a man of the world, I made enquiries ; and I'm bound to say the lad had made his fortune, and his letter was all as true as it seemed. Since then I wrote, and then he wrote again ; and though we've never set eyes on each other yet, we're good consins and friends. And well we may be, for we're his only kith and kin, and we've some wrong to see undone, I fear — it can't be much, seeing that we're Piacklesses of Drumferlie, but still some.' ' I'm glad to have heard that story,' said I. ' I shonld like to see my consin, Andrew Reid, who, for bis dying mother's sake, gave up his pride.' 'Yes,' said my father, 'I should like ye to be acquainted with hira too. And as he's come from Canada, I think 'twould be the right thing to aieet him, aad give him a welcome home, and briDg him down with ye to Drumferlie, if ye find him not too fine for our homely ways. And, James, it's but fair to tell ye he's got one daughter — just one, who'll come in for all his money, and who's the apple of his eye. And, James, it's Andrew Reid's self that has written to me : ' What if your James and my Effie take it into their heads to heal the old feud in the surest way of all V My father blew a long slow cloud, and did Dot even look at me. If he had he would have seen me turn as red as fire — though for no deeper cause than that a woman's name should be coupled with mine. Whether my father went the right way to work in order to bring about a marriage, npon which, I coold plainly see, he had set his heart, may be questioned. When I have told thisstoiy, I have heard it urged that the way to set young people against one another is to arrange a mar riage between them in royal fsshion, and that the way to bring them together is just to let them take their chanoe, with an understanding that the bannB shall be forbidden, But my father's policy was invariably that which is popularly as cribed to the German Chancellor. He always went to his point aa straight as lira nrmle? art art/? rrnt fliom refliav mawa fcj'f gwv nuvtv swhivl iuvt« often than otherwise. Of course I did not for a moment ' suppose that his sug gestion was made for sentimental reasons ; and yet my instinct told me that with out those sentimental reasons it wonld never have been made. He wanted to bring money into the bouse of Plackless, and also lelt that the gold, in this case, would bring with it the bless ing promised to peace-makers, so that, for once, profit and brotherly love went hand in hand. And wherefore no ? Now I understood why, jnst at the time of my departure from Aberdeen, both my father and mother had been so anxious to save me from the nets of strange women. Was I glad to bear of this plan, accepted as it was by both of the high contracting parties, or no I No ; I was not glad. Bat, on the other hand I was not sorry. I had no affairs of the heart — I had never had one of the slightest kind. I had no perverse' pre judice against the idea of manyiog. I knew the need of money at Drumferlie, and I saw a coveted, hitherto hopeless, pair of epaulettes glittering before me In the air. Moreover, I had been touched by the story of Euphemia Reid and her son ; and I had no fear of not making a tolerably good husband, as husbands go, with my father's example .before me. As for the girl herself— bat that time alone could show. I did not even ask myself if she were likely to prove pretty or plain. And even now, I am not sure that, if I were looking for a wife, I should be particularly fastidious in tbe matter of beauty. I had a very high opinion of my own sense, as acquired at Drumferlie and cultivated at Aberdeen ; and a sen sible marriage, concluded on both advan tageous and honourable grounds, was hardly more to my fathers liking — at least in theory — than my own. ' Where are they ? asked L 'Ye're a good lad, James,' said my father, looking me over approvingly. ' I was snre ye'd never let yourself be caught by any of those daughters of Heth in TLoeraeen. june ueia, ye see, is a Dramferlie girl, on her grandmother's side — and ' Marry over the midden' is an old word and a true. They're at a place in the south, called Ryde. It's a long way oat into the world ; but it'e not as if ye hadn't been out into the world before. Ye'll go ?' My mother said not a word about either the fact of my journey or it's object, bat I could see, nevertheless, that my father had not that object at heart more than she. We were simple people after our fashion, and, in spite of Uncle Archie's poetry, were ignorant that it is the bonnden duty of every man and every woman to live and die unmarried anless he or she is capable of a grand, poetical romantic, artistic passion. And as not one in ten millions is capable of such a thing, it is clear that npon the practical adoption of our sordid and prosaic creed the continuance of the human race de pends. Indeed, I sometimes almost suspect that passion and sentiment (out of books) are impostures and shams. And I should more than only almost saspectitif But 'if' is the longest word in any language, and I cannot leap over it at a single bound. Chapter II. The sun shone gloriously as I stepped npon the seaward head of Ryde Pier. That is, indeed, a long leap at a single bound — all the way from Dramferlie to Ryde. It was, indeed, by far tbe longeBt journey I had ever made in my life, and I had ran throngh the whole length of England at a swoop on the very first occasion of my crossing the Tweed. It was a more novel experience to me than an American's first visit to Pari6 ; for, to tell the troth, my views of South Britain were a good deal coloured by very old- fashioned prejudices and ancient tradition. Nevertheless, many of my beliefs had been amply confirmed. Cer tainly not at Drumferlie, and not even in the midst of the extravagance and luxury of Aberdeen, had my not over well-stocked purse received so many calls as it had been obliged to answer in the comparatively hours between Berwick- npon-Tweed and Stokes Bay. And now, so soon as I landed, what with porters and pier dues, 'baDg went sixpence again !' Bnt, as I have said, the sun shone as, I am bound in fairness to allow, it very seldom sbone even at Drumferlie, wbere the sun is famous for shining withont doing it often enough to detract from the fame of the thing by making it over common. The sea was laughing all over with blue and light, and there was a delicious summer breeze, warm, bnt still salt, and fresh, and appetising. Not- that 1 was hungry, for I had fed amply on the road, and was moreover far too excited with the novelty of things to think of dinner. How long ago, how far away, Drumferlie seemed ! I seemed to have been away a month, and to have travelled a thousand miles — and yet I was not home- sick ; I had survived all that nonsense in my first few college days. I was fairly out in the world now — aye, and seeking my fortune with a vengeance, and a wife as well. And now, I own, I did begin to wonder about what Miss Effie Reid wonld turn out to be. 1 knew she was young, but that tells one nothing. I had never even seen her photograph : such things were less com- mon then than now ; and if I had, I should even then have had too much sense to trust an artist bo extravagantly incapable of trnth as the sun. So much for what I should think, when I saw her, of Effie Reid. But ah ! what would Effie Reid think, on her side, of me ? It was wonderful to think I had been so bold and confident a wooer at Dramferlie when, in the Isle of Wight, my courage had already oozed as far as the tips of my fingers. Was any left in the end of my tongue ? I felt instinctively that mathematbics nor metaphysics, nor even the weather and the crops, would be sabjeuts likely to win a lady's ear ; and when I compared my apparel with that of the fine gentlemen lounging np and down, I felt, for the first time in my life, distrastfol of the skill of MacEail, our town tailor, though he and his forefathers had clothed me and mine for over eighty years. At home, I always felt dressed with the best, here, on the contrary, ray sleeves felt quarrelling with my elbows, and my trousers shrunken ; I felt raw- boned and ill at ease. My boots, too, suddenly seemed to grow in size and weight, and the same feeling came over my ungloved hands. I can confess it now without a pang— I felt exactly what I am sure I must have looked : a raw, rough, ungainly, shy, awkward RiVltA lad ae mnnlt nr>4 __ _ _ — -,wv > " vui> ui iiautj aiuuug the disembodied residents and the annually flocking visitors as most of these would have been if pitched down in the middle of Eerie Moss in a mist at three o'clock of a 'wintry morning. However, faint heart never won fair lady, nor her fair fortane either, and it is not your raw, rough, ungainly, shy, awkward Scots lad, wherever he may be pitched by fate, who is given to fell. I certainly was not going to put the tail of a Plackless of Dramferlie between hie legs ; andjust then the band at the pier head struck up a tune. I don't know what it was, bnt it was a lively crash, and seemed to suit with the soft yet fresh blow of tbe breeze and the laughing sea. So I gave my portmanteau in charge to be taken to the town end of the pier, and set out to walk, thinking, to tbe tune of the band, what I should think of Effie, and what Effie would think of me And then — then I saw my whole life jnrolling itself before me like a virion : lieutenant In the Black Watch, captain, major, lieutenant-colonel, general, baronet, field-msrabal, and G.C.B-, Anally, Laird of Dfumferlia, and restorer to the house of Plackless to all generations. And I'd never forget whose silver had bought me my first steps, arid Fd be a true and grate&d; husband, to the silver lady. ' My hat — oUmy intf cried a voice); oh, it's gone!' and before my face, almost into my eyes, flew thing of feathers and lace, the tightofwhfoh wonld have startled my mother even more than it did me. I make a plunge after it, and was jost in time to save it from the sea. As it was, I was nearly into the sea myself for I had to doable myself over the rails, and reach down till, in spite of tbe length of my legs, my toes were nearly off the floor. 'Thank yon bo much !' said the voice again, with a little laugh that sug gested, in a carious manner, brightness and freshness of the sea'6 sparkling smile. I have said that I had never loosed at a woman twice, ddc 1 nad several times done so once, and, as I returned the hat, not mnch the worse for its attempted flight, I looked once at the owner. She arranged it as well as she could without a looking-glass, and did not seem to see or heed whether I looked at her or no ; so I looked again. And so would yon have looked a second, or, if yon had the chance, a third time, j She was jnst the daintiest little creature I had never seen — not higher than my < shoulder, hat, hair, and all, and prettier than the snnshine, like a princess out of a fairy tale. My node Archie could have knocked her off in a stanza, I dare ! say, bnt I can only swear that I'd never j seen eyes, nor cheeks, nor hair, nor lips, nor anything before. And I can tell you, withont a rag of Uncle Archie's mantle, j that her eyes were of a wonderful sort of deep bine, and her hair an equally wonderful sort of brown, and her colour as bright and glowing as a sunrise at home. But above all, there was a win some look about her, half sancy, half gentle and tender, that seemed to Reader, I have spent twenty-six minutes trying to find words wherewith to express wnat is seemea to ao, ana tne more try the more I faiL Even her dress was something wonderfal, and as if it had been made by Titani&'s court dressmaker. I'd not seen many well-dressed girls then, it's true ; hut I've seen plenty since, and I still hold to my first opinion, that not one of them Is fit to be named with that girl even in the matter of clothes, and all the while she'd have looked like a fairy princess if she'd chosen to dress like Cin derella after the clock struck twelve. If Effie Reid was to look like this, there was only one thing to be done — to ran back again from Ryde to Drumferlie as fast as steam could carry me, and never to think of a pair of epaulettes again. Ask a girl like that to marry me ! I wouldn't dare to ask her shoe. I suppose I look like a gowk ; I know I felt like one. . ' Thank you very much,' she said again, when her bat was quite arranged. And then, with a bow, she turned to go. I lingered to see if she was with any friends, and also to see her walk ; for that also was a graceful thing to see. And on my hononr I believed myself to be simply and soberly admiring some beautifal work of Natare in a foreign land, as if she were a lake or a waterfalL It was even a relief to think that neither Effie Reid, nor any other girl, could approach this one in beanty, and that, having seen the best, it wonld be easier to deal with her inferiors. I believe that was the first work of creation that, out of Drumferlie, I had ever consciously ad mired. Perhaps I had a dnll sort of a heart, which wanted, for its waking into life, something beyond the common. Anyhow, I knew that not only had I never seen eyes or iipa, bnt that I had never seen a woman, till now ; and for the first time, as they came ioto my mind, I understood Uncle Archie's im mortal lines : O lassie wi' the lily bree An' een c&e; blithe an' bine, Or e'er I leart to lilt o' thee Nae ancht I lilted true. Tbe rose o' lowe, the rose o' snaw I sang — but, bonnie Bell, Noobt bnt her name I'd kent ara, Noo haith, I've seen hereel' 7 And Bell, according to the family tradition, was but a cotter's daughter with nothing of the rose ahnnfc her excepting in her hair, whom Uncle Archie had made famons because her name was rich in rhymes. If he had seen this girl — where would Barns have been ? Archi bald Plackless would have played first fiddle, Robert Barns wonld hare been a good second, and everybody else — no where. The girl joined no friends, but stood by herself, looking at the sea and listen ing to the band. I often ham to my self that tnne, even now, and would not know its name for the world. Bat pre sently I saw her speak to a porter, waiting for jobs from the boats, and, though I could not hear her words, I could hear his, and learned that she was in some luggage trouble. Should I have interfered, bad this ntter stranger been old, ugly, and every thing that nobody could call her? I hope so — but I cannot say that my hope reaches faith in this matter. At any rate I did interfere ; and I learned that she also had been a passenger in one of the boats from Southampton, that she was waiting to see and claim her luggage, and that it had vanished half an hour ago, Suddenly I remembered that my own portmanteau, when I had sent it off before me to the pier gateB, had been accom panied by a large trunk, not my own, W ... T li uub uom >ug uij unu iuimid, «i , X bull- larly painted in large white letters upon a black cover. ' And so Fm afraid Fv carried off your luggage as well as my own,' said L ' ' It'6 a carious coincidence that our initials should be tbe same.' ' Xt must have been mine — Miss Jessie Pennant, I have to thank you twice, now ; once for my hat, and once for my luggage.' ' Which you would not, but - for me, have lost at all,' said I, as politely as I could, and welcoming the accident which, without an introduction, had pat me in possession of her name. Somehow I should never have taken her for a Jessie, becanse there was a Jessie in Dramferlie, a good old body from whom I had drawn my ideas of Jessies in general, but now tbe name seemed to spell itself differently, and to fit its new bearer as well as her gloves, or her voice, or her eyes. ' It mil be waiting for us at the gate,' said L 'Shall I go and see if it's safe ? , Or what shall I do ! ' I think Fd better see to it myself ; it might not be there after all. Oh, pm neither so weak nor so lazy that I can't walk the length of tbe pier.' Had X then known more ot mBu arid manners, I should have seen at once that Miss Pennant bad been something of a traveller, from, the easy matter-of-course manner in which she accepted the casual civility of a chance -Stranger, without thinking it necessary to assert tbestrict- oew of her insular propriety by enqbbLog him on the one hand, or, on the other, letting him feel any consciousness on her part of anything special or nnnsnal in the relation of a young man and a young woman merely because accident throws them into company for some passing teD minutes in their lives. She was a traveller who had missed her trunk — I a traveller who could put her in the way of getting it again — that was alL She conld not have started on that walk with the least difference of manner had I been three times my age and ten times the gowk IDtth UUW U1U1C ouou c»ct JL icui Ui/ocu. w be. Bnt if she fbnnd nothing out of the common course of travelling in walking some eight hundred and odd yards with a fellow-passenger whom she had never seen before, and wonld probably never see again, there was a great deal oat of the common coarse of life to me. I could not help feeling myself the observed of all observers as I walked beside thfe dainty little creature, as if we were beauty and the beast out for a stroll ; and I became filled with a kind of dirty pride — a little glorious is fact, as though I had been taking a third tumbler of my father's famous Highland Dew. Nothing would have given me greater pleasure than for one of the biggest of those dandified loons to come up and insult | Miss Jessie Pennant in order that I | might have the pleasure of knocking him i down. It never came into my head, however, to e.y a word ; I was even spared the braia- beating that ensues when we want to say eomethiog and can't, for the life of : us, find anything to say, for the simple ; reason that the need of speech was as far from my thoughts as its possibility. But T M n V mam ak «, k A M A VMAVt A n rt »« tl) 4 x ouppuBC wuav nucu a lucmi gou t ui nuu v speak, a woman mnst, if it's only to fiud out if he's dumb. ' It's a pleasant day for travelling, especially on the water,' said she, as easily as if speaking were the simplest thing in the world. ' It's just heavenly weather,' said I, finding it simple enongh now. ' I sup pose you'll have come from far J' for I really could not suppose that Bhe came from an everyday world. 'Only from Southampton,' said Miss PeDnant. 'How well the town and the sea and tbe trees look from here ! But I suppose it must look all very poor and tame to you who know the Scotch lakes aud hills.' ' Why, you must be a witch !' ex claimed I in surprise. ' How on earth can you tell me I came from Scotland ? It's a fact, though — I never crossed the Border till to-day.' She smiled. " It doesn't need a witch to tell when anybody hails from bonuie Scotland,' said she. ' It's true I wouldn't have the English accent,' said I, ' and it happens I come from Drumferlie, which is famous for speaking the language in its ancieDt purity. When you next go to Scotland you should go to Drumferlie. It's graud.' ' I've never been in Scotland,' said she, Aod I'd never been in England — now isn't that strange ? Aud that we've both met at the same place on the same day.' ' It would have been even stranger if we bad met at different places at different days. This is a very loDg pier. Is it far to the end V ' I hope so — that is, I mean it doesn't seem such a very long pier.1 ' I suppose yon have longer ones — per haps at Dramferlie f' ' Not exactly at Drumferlie. In fact at Dramferlie there isn't a pier at all. We're jnst at the top of one hill and the bottom of another. Yon -don't live, then, at this place — Ryde ?' ' I've never oeen here before.' ' Why, there's a coincidence for every - board in the pier — nor have L And I suppose you're not staying here very long ?' 1 conld not help a sigh, too deep to be heard ; for it is of the nature of such meeting with snch people that they should be brief, and should come bnt once, and never more. Perhaps if I had been less absorbed in the thought, I shonld never ' have asked a question that just over stepped the line between civil speech and curious questioning. But I've since observed that, under certain circum stances, it's very hard to keep both feet fairly on the right side of the line, with out at least a toe lapping over to the wrong. ' For a day or two,' said Miss Pennant — just as I supposed ; and yet, somehow, a hope died, so to speak, withont having been born. I felt my heart going out of me to wards a strange girl, on whom I had not set eyes till some ten minutes ago — of whom I knew nothing but the name. Don't say yet that she might be a mere adventuress, or worse, for anything I could tell— that her account of her luggage might be a fiction, or any thug else of that kind that may, aDd no doubt will occur to you, I don't think any thing of that kind wonld have occurred to you while under the immediate in fluence of her voice and her eyes. But, apart from this, here was I, a cold- hflSllfll) oltAanfltfir nannn young fellow, from the land of long heads well screwed on, letting myself go down before a girl of whom, to say the least of it, I knew absolutely nothing at all — if no ill, certainly no good, either. Has every man a fete ? Certainly not, though X have heard hopeless idiots say so. Had I met mine ? Were the hopeless idiots right after all ? CHAPTER III. I should think we must have reached the middle of tbe pier when a man — I suppose I mnBt, for distinction's sake, call him a gentleman — came into sight, aud advanced towards us with a bow aud a smile. I hated him from the first moment I set eyes on him. And yet I conld not deny that he was a fine-looking fellow, between whose appearance and my own no comparison, except in his favour, conld possibly be made. He was hand some in the Italian style, with a grand figure, a clear brown face, regular features, a fine heavy black moustache, and was dressed to perfection. He made me feel rougher and more raw-boned than ever ; and, for the first time, I was seized with an uncomfortable suspicion that Miss Jessie Pennant had -been draw ing me out and making me talk arid look as well as feel, tike a fooL At any rate, the manner in which she met this unexpected friend was irritating to an extreme" degree. Serious Interest, a fonder gravity! took the place of her bright smile as she held ont her hand, and allowed it to be grasped warmly and held long. She let him hold it while I could, elowly and deliberately— couDt flV6, Well — what was it to me? Had I supposed that a gtrl tike that would be without a hundred desperate adoreral And who was I, that a ten minutes' acquaintance should give me the smallest right to feel hurt even if she had come to Ryde to be married to-morrow ? Absurd! And Mire Pennant had forgotten my » a aIaaJw ma if T AtOrO riBfl (if existence « UCMIJT U A — — - — the invisible residents of Ryde. I lounged off to the tide of the pier, so that I might let the friends— lovers — acquaintances — betrothed — whatever they were, continue their conversation undisturbed. I even placed myself at such a distance, behind the corner of some wooden edifice or other, that I could not overhear a tingle word of their conversation, -even if I tried. And of course my ears, in spite of my firm determination that they should hear nothing, strained themBelveB all the more. How long was the interview going to last ? One hour— two hoars — three ? I thought gloomily of finishing the remaining planks of the pier by myself) seeing about the luggage, and leaving some porter in charge ot Mies Pennant's trunk till she came to claim it with more congenial and efficient aid than mine had been. Bnt I conld not contrive to move; I hovered abont like the proverbial moth who courts the candle. The voices became yet more earnest and yet more low. They approached my oorner ; I was bonnd to hear something, WUCtUCf X WUUIU VI UUU uuv a» uiu uwv signify — they were speaking Italian — and though I don't know Italian, thank Heaven, I was Latiuist enough to recognise Amor and Anima — Love and Soul. A minute afterwards, Miss Pennant was proceeding on her way slowly, and alone. I lounged up to her, with an air of having been humbly writing her commands and her inconvenience, and walked silently by her eide Oh I' she exclaimed, the light coming back into her face, 'how rude I have been ! But I had no idea that yon had been waiting — of oourse I thought you would have gone on to the gates. Well, I must do my best by helping you to make up for lost time.' And she quickened her speed, at the same time I Blackened mine, and so the balance soon became even again. ' This really is a very long pier !' she said. ' It's long enough to act out a whole story while one's walking the length of it — beginning, middle, and end.' ' No doubt — if one stops long enough in the middle,' said I sullenly. ' Now that is not kind — to remind me of my misdeeds. But really I don't know why you should have waited.' 'No. After all, your friend could have recovered your luggage just as well as L A great deal better, I dare say.' ' I really think we had better hurry on.' ' Ob, Fui in no huny at ail I haven't got to catch a train and my business will keep — very well indeed.' ' Then there's not mnch barm done. If I thought yon had been only writing to enjoy the sunshine— — ' 'Sunshine? I don't call this snnshine. We call a day like this clondy at Dram ferlie.' ' I haven't noticed any change. The gentlemen who spoke to me jnst now was saying that he had never seen love lier weather away from Naples ' ' Oh — he is Italian, then !' ' An Italian count ' Oh— then that acconnts for it They always do.' Who alwavs Hn what f astpjl shp ' Always say that everything's the loveliest they ever saw. I mean connts always do — I mean Italians.' ' I suppose you bad a large experience of Italians — at Dramferlie ?' ' No, I haven't — thank Heaven !' ' Might not the thanks be mutual? Fm afraid Drumferlie most be ' ' What V I asked, rather fiercely I am afraid — 'Just a little prejudiced— just the least little bit in the world.' It was astounding. I had not traversed three quarters of Ryde Pier by the time that 1, hitherto guiltless of . the smallest flirtation, had met my fete, had fallen in love, had plunged into the agonies of jealousy, and was now in the middle of a sharp qnatreL How on earth had it all happened ? And yet there had been nothing forced, nothing unnatural, nothing improbable even, thongh it mostly takes a month to get through ae mnch life as I had lived in no time. But suddenly ehe smiled, 'And I like prejudice," she said, 'so long as it's thorough-going— every sort and kind. One does get so little — everybody seems to care for nothing bnt what he hasn't got and can't get ; after all, I wouldn't give a straw for anybody who doesn't believe in his own nest first, wjjatever it may oe. Were we to be friends again ? So it seemed. The Italian count still blotted ont the sunshine but her smile came like at least a stray beam through the cloud. Alas ! friends -for five minutes more, and then — good bye. ; And your own nest, what is that ?' asked I, 'and where ? In — in — Italy !' In a sort ot Italy.' A sort of Italy ? I never heard of a sort of Italy.' ' Oh, there's an Italy in Europe, and an Italy in England, too. I happen to have an aunt who married a Binging master — that very gentleman who was talking to me justnow — and Pve been liv ing with them this last year. . They never speak English, and never eat anything English, and have no English friends. That's what I mBan by a sort of Italy.' 'Then he — that count — is your ancle by marriage ?' ' Of course.' Oat came the sun again, brighter, for a moment, than when be had first shone. But tbe pier gates were growing nearer and nearer now. And conld I, a with a heart and a will, make myself each a slave to the actidenteof time and space as to let myself slip adrift from Jessie Pennant, without snch an effort as a man might make to keep the first thing that he had . ever fbnnd worth keeping? Beyond (hose nesting gates we Bhonld part; the mashes of family life would Irrevocably and inevitably. dow uif toindt fail «bo would be iirept ' off from Ryde, and flutter away down the wind, ont of the world. There were Italians and Italians ; and though one might be her ancle, another might become what I wonld give all I was worth to be. Not that I was worth mnch ; bnt had I been a Dives instead of a Plackless it wonld have been the same. And yet, even then, with thoBe gates in sight that most lead me forth from Eden, I conld scarcely forbear question ing my own prudence, or rather how my state of mind would look in other eyes. Suppose I could so manage matters that this shonld not be my last as well as my first interview with Jessie, for so alone my heart called her now, forgetting her name. Suppose that Bhe could learn to like me a thousandth part as mnch as I liked her ; and a thousandth part wonld be enongb, seeing the difference between a fairy and a bear. What, if all went as I was desperate enough to dream, what would my father, what would every Plackless in Dramferlie eay, when I proposed to bring home a foreign girl, h«lf an Italian — perhaps a Papist into the bargain — with at least twenty guineas on her back and on her head, and most likely not a penny anywhere else about her? It was a bewildering and an awful thought for a man who never felt or thought otherwise than as a Plackless or Dramferlie since he was bora. But I have before been brought up hard by an "if" — "but" brings me up harder. Suppose her clothes were her whole fortune, I couldn't but believe in the. girl's goodness and honesty ; I couldn't help seeing in her a lady born," who would brine grace and manners into a home which now seemed to me to monopolise each things less completely than some eleven minutes ago. Perhaps there were just a few prejudices in Drumferlie, after alL And if she were even a Papist, a very short course of the sermons of my cousin the minister would be enongh to satisfy the Pope himself) and two or three would be quite ae many as the most obstinate of opponents wonld want to hear. It doesn't take the time for stepping over a single plank to think what would take a week for writing. And all at once it was borne in upon me: what was I, after all, but a base, mean, fortnne- hnnting, mercenary adventurer, who wanted to bay a commission with a girl's money, and was going to catch her for a wife because he couldn't get the money without the girl ? But supposing I were, what then ? I vowed I wouldn't even eay a civil word to Effie Reid ; but that wouldn't bring me a step nearer to Jessie. I had dreamed my dream out ; it was time to wake now. And I'd wake before we reached those gates in front of us. 'So,' I said, 'your not going to be long in this town ?' There must have been something odd abont either my question or my way 'of asking it for she looked at me quickly, with a sort of emprise. ' No,' said ehe. 'Not many hours, I have jnst heard.' Then we conld never meet again. 'Then Fm just in the eame boat myself,' said L ' Fve only just come to see — the pier ; and then I'm going home, this very day.' ' How strange 1 You have come all the way from Scotland to tbe Isle of Wight only to see Ryde Pier? Is it one of the eeven wonders of the world ?' ' It's not one of them ; it'e all of them in one. I suppose you think you've been walking all this while with a madman, to hear me talk like that of a few eticke and boards, with a band at one end and a portmanteau at the other, and I don't see why I wouldn't, because one can't take twelve mouths to walk from end to end, try as slow as we can.' ' Sunnose. then, we trv a little fmteri' said she. 'Then you do think I am dangerous,' said L ' Oh no ; not at all.' But she quickened her pace all the same. ' Lunatic, I mean. Never mind ; think it, if you must But I - want to say something now, because I'll never say it again to auybody, anywhere ; and I'd like to say it once, to one, before I die. It won't hurt yon when yon think of this place, and it may be fun, to remember that a hard-nearted Dramferlie man couldn't walk with yon from the band to the portmanteau without finding out he'd got a heart as well as a head, and giving yon both of them to carry away with yon wherever yon go. I don't know how most women wonld receive each a declaration nnder each circumstances, though no donbt many of them can decide offhand, and yet cor rectly, whether the declaration were an insula an act of lunacy, or ao honest im pulse fairly resulting from their own in vincible fascination. Mies Pennant cer tainly flashed np and atared at me, but she otherwise betrayed neither fear or confusion, nor lost an atom of her dignity. ' This is very extraordinary behaviour,' said she. 'I don't even know your name.' I conld not even make out wuetuer sue was «ugry— aur Lace, xuoiigu certainly flushed, told me nothing at all. ' Very,' echoed L ' Bnt it isn't half so extraordinary as what I feeL If you were to bid me jump over into the sea and never come out again Fd do it gladly. But I can't undo what has been done, and if I could I wouldn't. What does it matter what I Bay when in another minute you will be gone, and I shall never see you again ? So I'll speak my heart out, just for once, before I crush it down for the rest of my days. My name's James Plackless, the only son of a small Scotch farmer ; I'm of no pro fession at present, and I'm a Master of Arts of Aberdeen. Pve got no fortane of my own, and no particular prospects except the farm at Drumferlie, and I don't suppose IH.ever have that if I were to marry against my Gather's views, and I don't know that it'e.muoh worth having. But you can see for yourself I'm big enough to make my own way in the world and the way nf any woman who'd troet me, and no Plackless, thongh he mostly wants money, ever wanted brains. I don't think Fve ever done a redly wrong thing, except one — and that's' coming to Ryde to conrt a second cousin, Enphemia Reid by mame, that Fve never seen, jost because 'she's rich and I'm poor. ' That's bad ; but I gave it np ages ago before we got beyond the middle ot the pier. And' now you know me-as . well as I know, myself ; and' if there wastiw leMt bit pf g chMiue to 1 win yon for a wife I'd do anything on earth that a Plackless of Dramferlie may and wait for you as long as you please! so it's on this side of for ever.' ' Really I don't know whether to be angry or to langh,' she said. ' I cjo'j help believing that you're a gentleman, thongh a strange kind of one. Yon clearly are not in the habit of writing for the grass to grow on your form. Do you know that we never met in our Uvea till some fifteen minutes ago ?' ' Fm quite sore Fve known yoa fif. teen hundred years ; thongh it is not fifteen minutes, it is only twelve.' ' ' And that, though I know now who you are, you have learned nothing, in all those fifteen hundred years, of me ?' ' I know all I want,' said L ' Now listen to me, Mr. Placklees, and believe that, though I'm young and have never been at Dramferlie, I know some thing of the world. I do know enongh of yon — in twelve minutes — to feel that I may speak to you like a— like a mother. Yonr father, yon say, is a former in a small way in a place — well, in Dramferlie. I can see the whole picture as if it were before my eyes. What wonld he say if the only eon whom he intends to make the fortune of the family, whom be has kept it college, and all the rest — what would he say if he heard that you had thrown yourself away ' 'Thrown myself away f 'I can hear him eay it— thrown your self away upon a foreigner, an actreee, a strolling woman who has nothing a week but a trifle she can earn in a play house ? I know what he would say 1' And so did I ! And I know what I shonld have said myself thirteen mlnota ago. ' Why, a good honest sheep-dog might ae well ask a butterfly to marry him.' 1 He might ; and he does,' said I. ' Yon are really a remarkable yotmg man. And the sheep-dog thinks that the butterfly wonld care to give up- well, whatever bntterfliee think worth having — to milk the cows and bake the cakes in a Scotch farm, with no eyee to admire her but youret You think Up bargain wonld be fair ?' ' No, I don't,' said I, growing dogged and stubborn. ' For your sake I would give np even Dramferlie. I'd work ; and there are some things won't let a man fail when he works for them. I'd wis them — you'd have all I could give you, and I'd have you.' ' And your father ? And have yoa oe mother ? Yes — a man like you is sue to have a mother. What of them ?' ' They'd be put out at first ; but they married without a fortune, and they've not done ilL It wonld take them a year to come round, when they saw me mak ing a fortane, and found out why, and what a prize I'd won, fortane or no.1 'And what prize am I to have! Yon!' ' I'm not much to look at, I own, bit if yon want a better husband than I'll be to the only woman I'll ever love, yonll have to writ long and go for.' ' Ah, farther than the length of apierl And you — you would let yonr wife act in plays f ' No, I wouldn't' ' If she insisted ?' ' Oh, but she wouldn't When there1! a difference of opinion, you know, it's for the hnsband to decide — that's clear.' . ' Yon are really an extraordinary yoong man. I think — I think yoa had better see Miss — what was the name ? — Hisa Euphemia Reid. You haven't by any means a bad idea of love-making, for a first attempt I've seen for worse action on tbe stage. Only, the next time, don't tell the lady beforehand that you're not going to let her have her owo way. Of course it'e nothing to tne, but it might lose you the heart, as well as the fortane of Miss Euphemia Reid. ' Hang Miss Luphemia Reid ! i am not sure that my imprecation was not stronger stiU. ' And hang her fortune too 1 Fm not going to say, even forthe sake of winning you, that I won't be master in my own house, for that I will ; but I'li win you for a wife — you or none 'I really believe you mean it,' said she. ' I — I believe I'm safe in doing an extraordinary thing — as extraordinary aa — as .' She paused. ' After all, the great thing is not for you to know me, but for me to know you, aud you've let me 8ee throngh you and know yonae clearly as if yon were made of glass un stained — of crystal. . . . You are as prejudiced as yon're high ; yoa are honest at heart, and if yon once got an idea fairly into yonr head, nobody and nothing wonld get it out again ; aod yon haven't paid me a tingle compliment- not onei I don't believe yon know bow. I think— — Ah ! we are very near oar luggage now.1 1 And I won't pass that gate till Iknow if you'll let me love you — not that yon can help it— bnt with hope. With or without, which is it to be ? Will yn ever be the wife of a man who'll love yon and live for you better than anybody else ever can ' , , ' And rale me ?' Then — yes ; I wilL (To be concluded in our next) 