TURF GOSSIP. By Augur. The weights for the Summer Cup of the A. J.C. and Tattersall's Cup appeared in due course on Tuesday morning. Mr. Scarr has once more succeeded in framing handicaps which shoald give pretty general satisfaction. The Drummer's performance in (he Wogga Cup necessitated the imposition of an extra pound or two upon Mr. Smart's horse in the Summer Cup, and at 9st 71b. he cannot be regarded as an ill-uaed animal, nor is Sir Modred at 9st 21b. I cannot understand why the light of the New Zealander was so persistently hid under a bushel while he was in Victoria a few weeks ago. He is a brilliant horse up to a mile and a half, perhaps further, and at 9st 21b. I would as soon stand I him as anything else engaged. Martini Henry's triumphs at Flemington fairly J entitled him to a prominent position in the handicap, bat I doubt if he would have any show at 9st, and therefore I'm not surprised j to see that he has been scratched. It doubtful, however, if he would have started even had his weight been of a much more I flattering character, there being metal more ] attractive in the autumn, for which he will very wisely be reserved. The Gem is not 1 badly used at 9st, nor is Sweet William at | 8st 121b. Sardonyx is fairly well in at 8st 121b., and as the distance is to his liking, this gallant little descendant of old Jnliet may again run into a place. If The Plunger were himself he ought to have a show at 8st 101b., hut he will not put in an appearance at Rand wick, for some time at all events. Willeroo has no more than he deserved, and Morpeth has been such a consistently good performer that Mr. Scarr conld not give him an ounce less than Sst. 81b. I cannot see that Segenhoe is entitled to more than Pell Mell,even though the latter has performed so ignominously of late. Certainly if Pell MeU's recent doings are to be taken as a fair criterion of his merits he isn't worth his oats, bnt as the season advances perhapB he will! improve under the " speedy halls" ad ministered by his astute trainer, T. Brown. Soldier Boy's performance at Wagga has not, been lost sight of by Mr. Scarr, and Legrand and Archie have been placed upon a par, 8st. 41b. each. Fit and well, and the colt's head loose, I think Archie could give Legrand 10lb. and beat him. Some day perhaps he will corroborate the high opinion I have formed of him. Glencoe and Pollio have quite as much as they are entitled to, but Bristol and First Demon are fairly i well used, and the better of the pair should occupy a situation. Coriolanu8 is not badly off at 7st 101b., and among other Victorians that have a show of success are Dukedom mid Merman. I notice that Mr. De Mestre has a chesnut colt and a bay colt engaged; what a pity it is that he does not have a general, christening day at Terrara, Bosca wen at 7at 21b., Wallangra at 7st 21b., Stella at Gat 121b., Adam an tea at 6sti 81b., Jack of Clubs at 6st Bib., Prima Donna at 6st. 51b., and Boniface at 6sL 31b. all look well npon paper, bnt it° would be absnrd to, attempt to select a probable winner jnst now. In the handicap for Tattersall'a Cup, Mr. Scarr has commenced a couple of pounds lighter with The Drummer, who has to con cede a couple of pounds to Sling, for what reason I cannot understand, seeing that the last time they met after a capital race in the Randwick Fl&tejftang; beat The Drummer by hftlia length. That Sting has sot lost his form he proved in the Adelaide Cup, yet Mr. Scarr makes Mr. Smart's horse give him 21b. This is what omrht be termed specula tive handicapping. Martini-Henry has 31b. less than in the Summer Cup, Sweet William lib., Sardonyx 21b., Fell Hell 21b., and Segen-. hoe 21b. Pell Mefl reads wonderfully well at 8sfc 61b.. and if he does return to his old I' what a picnic/his friends will have. form' . ^ Legrand and Axchie have 61b. less than in the Summer Cop, bates neither c&nget; two miles in first-class company. 1 don't think any danger need be' apprehended. I like Flirt Demon at 7st 8fb., Dukedcftn at -7st 41b., and Merman at 7st Sib. Wing at 7st 21b., and Bosca wen at 7st also read welL Pell Mell, however, stands out in bold relief | at Set. 51b., and if he la himself again, then be ought to win. The full programme of the Tasmania® Turf Club meeting appears this week, and is framed similarly to that of last year. The dan. chosea arp the 20th and. 21st of February, and on the first the chief item will be toelAurioestdn Cup of 990 so vs., the dis tance being a mile ana .three quarters. This moe b always In famrn With Victorians, and so it Bhopld be, seeing that they have won it so many times. A. moe which Tasmanion sportsmen ought to supportls the Two-year old Stakes of lOOabm Tbtelsopen only to horses located in Tasmania three months prior to thh day of the race Finding that it was nest; to impossible for the backward Tasmanion youngsters to cope with the. mere precocious jivenilSs of the continent, the islanders hats gone In for a little protection, though thfey do hot ttmflneths stake to horses hwd In ftsmania, merely stipulating that titer ahalirM kwafod to the Island riiree months pmvfoua to the race. The New Chum HamdlottofBO fovs. has soinewhat similar conditions. hpt th# Mowbray Hurdle Jfoce.ia open to all. The second day's bill contains another hurdle race of 50 so vs., T.T.C. Handicap of 100 so vs., All-aged Handicap of 50 sova, Steeplechase of 100 sova., and Free Handicap of 80 sova Entries for the Two year-old Stakes, Launceaton Cap, T.T.C. Handicap, and Steeplechase close on the 3rd January, the same day as the Hobart Cup, &c.;, but the weights will not be declared until after the Hobart meeting. A gentleman who takes a deep interest in sporting matters in the northern portion of the island writes me thatthe new rules of racing have been adopted, and they are almost entirely the same as those of the V.R.C., except that the minimum handicap weight has been made fist., instead of 6sh 71b., a very judicious alteration. Breeders and others who have youngsters engaged in the Geelong Mares' Produce Stakes, to be run at the next February meet ing, are reminded that they mUBt pay the first forfeit of two sovereigns on Monday next, otherwise they will be liable for the half forfeit There are several good animals engaged in this race, which is likely to be one of the most interesting of the kind ever ran under the auspices of the G. R. C.__ Off Colour, Legrand, Wheatmeat, Copra, Hawkesbury, Signor, Hurricane, St Lawrence, Lord Wil ton, Anagram, PreciouB Stone, and others are in the list, and it is to be regretted, I think, that such names as Chandos, Coquette, and Ad Valorem appear among the nomina tions, for already we have had distinguished animals bearing the same names, and in years to come the similarity is bound to lead to some confusion. 1 am glad to see it announced in the Qtteenslander that Mr. J. Williams intends to send his colt Wheatmeat to the southern colonies, and it is possible therefore that he may measure strides with Martini-Henry and Co. in the V.R.C. St Leger, in which he is engaged. Wheatmeat is described as one of the very best colts that has ever been bred in Queensland, and as his breeding will bear favourable comparison with anything we possess, his credentials a rC first-class. During a severe storm which visited Ade laide one night last week the roof of the old grand stand on the Corporation' course was carried away. Mr. Bond has good reason to be satisfied with the entries received for the V.AT.C. summer meeting. For the Selling Race there are 22 nominations, including such performers as Creswick, Paul, and Anagram. In the Hurdle Race there are 21, and for the Summer Cup 34. The Juvenile Stakes closed some time ago with 65 nominations, including several from New South Wales and South Australia. For the Steeplechase there are 14, and the Malvern Handicap has 41 engaged. This is an excellent show, and if the handi caps are well framed, the summer meeting of the V.AT.C. should provide one of the best day's sport of the season. Countryman (late Cetewayo) has, I believe, grown into a grand colt, and the manner in which he carried his lOst. in the Waggal Ladies' Bracelet to victory quite astonished even the best judges. It is a pity his owner, I when changing his name, could not have I found something more original than that of j his sire. On Monday next, at Kirk's Bazaar,Messrs. W. Yuille and Co. will dispose of the stud horse Saunterer, full brother to Cap-a-pie, who first beat Chester for the AJ.C. St Leger. He should make a first-class station sire. The Daylesford Turf Club is in the field with a programme for New Year's Day. It is published this week, and contains half a dozen events, the principal being the Dayles ford Handicap, entries for which close with [ the hon. secretary, Mr. R, Hill, on Friday, December 14. The Pleasant Creek meeting will be held on the 26th December. Full particulars will be found in the advertising columns of The Australasian. The condition that three ■ horses will have to start or a race will be void is contrary to the spirit of the V.R.C. rales, and I believe the leading club intends [ to take some action in reference to this con dition, which is so often inserted in up country programmes. Entries for the Borough Handicap close with the hon. secre tary, Mr. A. Brown, on the 13th December. Tanangower races take place on the 20th December. The programme appears this week. Wagga Wagga is lucky, indeed, in the mat ter of its gold caps. Last week we announced that Mr. Chisholm had promised a golden trophy for the big race of 1884, and Mr. Gormley followed suit for 1885. At the settling, Mr. HI J. Bowler promised a cup for 1886, Mr. G. P. Wilson for 1887, Mr. Cox for 1886, Mr. C. Bolton for 1889, Mr. 0. Cox for 1890, Mr. P. Donolly for 1891, and Mr. T. R. j Pearson for 1892. At a meeting of the Benalla Race Club it was resolved to hold a race meeting on the 1st of January, when prizes to the value of £75 will be given. Settling over the late Wagga meeting was gone through on Monday, and passed off satisfactorily. The Bendigo meeting has monopolised most of the attention of ring men during the week, the Champion Race as yet being a dead letter, and there is nothing in Victoria <ra New Year's Day that is likely to create any speculation until a day or two before the races. In Sydney double-event books have been opened on the AJ.C. Summer Cup and Tattersall's Cop, and these two races wul probably be made the mediums of some important speculation during the ensuing month. At Kirk's Bazaar, last week, a report was circulated that Mr. Weeks's colt Mistaken had won the Viceroy's Cup and other races at the Calcutta meeting, but as there was nothing definite I considered it advisable to await the arrival of the mail. There is no record of such victories in any of the Indian papers, and, moreover, I am informed by Mr. Kcronse, Mr. Warren, and other Indian traders that, the Calcutta meeting does not take plade until December; so there cannot be any truth In the rumour that Mistaken had won the Viceroy's Cup. At the Meant (India) Autumn meeting Lord William Beresrord's Australian gelding Jack won the Maiden Steeplechase, and Glad Tidings was successful in the Trial Stakes and Civil Service Stakes, carrying fist. ISlb. in each. From an Indian paper I leant that an Aus trafianlad named Kendall was killed in Calcutta while exercising one of Mr. B&ldock;'s horses. It appears that the accident occurred at Hart's btables in Calcutta, the home fall-; teg and rolling on the poor lad, who died in afew boors. Kendall went to Australia with j Mr. Balttock,"And has friends in Melbourne. What the Melbourne Cup is to Australian racing in the spring, so is the Sydney.Cop in: the autumn, and thoughtbeAJ.C. has not yet increased the added xnoney.to L'OOOaov&v; a not very remote probability, Ihope—it will doubtless receive plenty of patronage from the racing tpen of Victoria. Mir., Ctfbbpm < may redton -on a numerous entry fromthis j side ^of ths Mhtray, because the condition a, j which, by the ttpytwear this week, era so liberal that Victorians are sure to respond in a beooming mattner. The single sovereign forfeit is a meet potehft inducement to toeing men to nominate, and I fplly expect -to see the toor&y;, Storefcaiy Of the AJ.C. xeceive nearly. If not amte.100 entries. . The added money is 500 govs., and the day of closing is Monday, February 1L The oonditkaiB of the Maiden Plate also appear this week, and, according to the very ridiculous rale of the A.J.C. which governs maiden plates, a colt might be entered now, and win the V.R.C. St Leger and Champion Stakes, and then ran for this Maiden Plate. It is a pity the committee of the A.J.C. did not after this rule, for it ie about the most absurd at pre sent in existence in Australia Tetang Racing Club programme appears this week, and it will be seen that the Temng Cup is the principal item therein. A sum of 50 so vs. is added, and there are seven other events, including a Hurdle Race, Steeple chase, and Maiden Plate, so that the resi dents of the district are likely to have a rare day's fun on the first of January. Entries for the Cup, Hnrdle Race, Steeple chase, and Trot close with the secretary, Mr. Andrew Jack, on Friday next, December 7. Albury, Melbourne, Gloucester, Despot, Martini-Henry, Blue and White, Lecture, and The Gem have been scratched for the A.J.C. Summer Cup, and Albury, Despot, Gloucester, Martini-Henry, Blue and White, The Gem, and Wing for Tattersall's Cap. Byannouncementintbeadvertisingcolumns of The Australasian it will be seen that the Sydney Cup is to be run on Easter Monday. Formerly it was the custom to commence the meeting on Easter Monday, when the St. Leger was the attraction ; but now the three year-old event is to be decided on Easter Saturday, and the great handicap on Easter Monday. I'm satisfied that this alteration will prove eminently satisfactory to the dub, whose exchequer will be considerably increased by the change. Referring to tfits" A.J.C. St Leger reminds me that Archie is not engaged in that event, but Warwick will in all probability carry Mr. Smart's colours therein, and as Off Colour, Legrand, and the Queensland colt Wheat meat are also engaged, Martini-Henry will have some opposition, even though it may not he strong enough to oust nim from the position of champion three year old of the season. This St Leger will be the last held nnder the old dispensation, and the Derby of 1884 will open a new era in racing under the auspices of the A. J.C. Hitherto it has been the custom of the leading clnb of the sister colony to allow owners to ran for their own money in the Champagne, Derby, and St Leger Stakes, hat the finances of the dub having improved considerably daring the past few years it has been deemed advisable to subsidise these events, which, from their poverty, had become objects of but little interest to racing men, many of whom preferred to reserve their colts and fillies for the richer stakes at the V.R.C. meetings. In 1884, however, the Derby will have its 500 so vs. of added mpney, just the same as that of the V. R,C., and as the second horse is to receive 100 so vs., and the third to save its stake, it is almost beyond a doubt that the field will be larger than usual. It is almost incredible that the first Derby under the new conditions was not better patronised by Victorian owners, Mr. John Whittingham being the only one represented. Somehow or other our Victorian racing men seem to be quite overshadowed or overawed by the New South Welshmen in these con tests for two and three year old events. If the former cannot breed the best horses they have the pluck and spirit to pur chase a majority of those that may he superior to them, and thus they carry off most of the good things of the season. Goldshrongh, Melbourne, Darebin, and Archie were taken from us in this way ;but next season I hope to see some young King Coles and Anglers ranning in the interests of Victorians, and turning the tables upon our triumphant friends across the border. If we have bred Goldsbroughs, Commotions, Archies, Progresses, ana Darebins in the past, 60 we can in Hie future, hat we must make an attempt to retain them when we get them, otherwise we shall always have to play second fiddle to New Sonth Wales. Mooroopna programme appears this week. The chief race is the Mooroopna Handicap, and entries close with the secretary, Mr. J. Morrow, on Friday, December 14. The profit on the late V.R.C. meeting amounts, I believer to something like £9,000. Had it not beenxor the wet Saturday, this would have been increased some £2,000. At a meeting of the stewards of the Geelong Racing Club the programme for the annual tryst on the banks of the Bar won was framed, and appears this week. The dates chosen are Thursday, January 31, and Satur day, February 2. Death having removed Messrs. A. K. Finlayand C. Ibbotson, who acted as stewards, and Mr. Noble having re< signed, the names of Messrs. D. S. Wallace, A. Ibbotson, and R. Chirnside, jun., have been substituted. The first day's Dill contains six events, commencing with Hie Hnrdle Race of 75 so vs., and this is followed by the Trial Stakes, which is now a handicap instead of a weight-for-age race. The Geelong Gold Cup conditions are much the same as usual, the added money being200 sovs., and the sweep 10 sovs., while Hie stewards will again give a cup value 100 guineas. The Sites' Produce Stakes comes next, and to this the owners of sireB contribute 880 sovs., and the club 100 so vs., so it is likely to be & rich stake. The Connewarre Plate of 75 sovs.. and Grand Stand Stakes, of 60sovs., complete the first day. The second commences with the Bar won Stakes of 75 sovs., for two year olds, and then follow the Mares Produce Stakes of UK) sovs., Selling Stakes of 50 sovs., Geelong Handicap of 125 sovs., Steeplechase, of 10fl sovs., and Stewards* Purse of 75 sovs. Entries for the Gold Cup and several other events close on the 28th December, when Mr. J. D. Robinson will be glad to attend to his patrons. Messrs. Bladder and Ferry have at last received an amended lease of the Adelaide racecourse from the corporation, and as the totalisator will not be legal after May next, I suppose the energetic pair will make my while the sun shines. Just now, however, a number of the best of the Sooth Australian horses are located at Ftemingtxm, and the fields in Adelaide will necessarily be small. Victorian racecourse habitudu will remem ber Mr. Robert Orr'e gallant cheunut steeple chaser All Fours, one of the cleverest cross country horses that ever figured a* Fleming ton. For -some!years he has been the pro perty of Mr. W. E. Power, of Gipps Land, andhae done e tad duty, but I regret to say that: on Sunday last he was found dead in one. bt the* paddocks of hisiownenand it is believed rth«f he died from the effects of: a hick leoeived from a mare. .,, ^Itda SB^orted thwt^oolabahhas been aold ^AMbe yfmggt!nriMwerMt A. F. Smart announced that he would subscribe £50 to the local hosnitaL : > • John Kean. who arrived from, Adelaide daring the week, brought with him Cremoroe, Country Bqy, Jocular, and the ateepleohaea horse Governor. .. • k ... •. Hi Totbill returned from Adeliuae on Thursday, and rwf» .aoeopgxmied by Low Wilton and Rrince Pakrick. , ^ * i . Sardius, who ran a nail into one <a his Jeel on Monday rooming.i* ailrigb The Hoi^dm mles _ hae luck by Chrysolite producing a colt foal to C^own Prince. The sire of this youngster was one of the grandest yearlings I ever saw, but an accident prevented him e porting his owner's colours, and he was put to the stud. As he is by Kelpie from Queen's Head by Vattendon, he is quite wejl enough bred to mate with even such an aristocratic dame as the dam oi Lapidist, Robinson Ctus'jc, and ^"nlat a pity it is that the Christcburch Jockey Club and Auckland Racing Club hold their meetings so close together. By the last mail rec'jpls of the stakes paid over by C.J.C. are to hand, and I notice that Dan O'Brien was at the head of the list with £1.235, £1,140 of which was lot the -New Zealand Cup won by Tasman. The Hon w. Robinson came next with £872, and then air. j J. Pilbrow with £627. At the Auckland meeting several Aus tralian horses figured, and they acquitted j themselves very creditably, first ot ail, J Nelson, by King Cole from My Idea, won the j Trial .Stakes. The principal race ot the day, | the Spring Handicap, fell to Maori- who was j better known on the Australian turf as Auck- j land, a verv uncertain son of Sydney Tim | Whiffler, and then our old friend Lone Hand ] carried 12-t. lib. to victory in the Ladies j Purse. What a sound horse the son of Panic j must be. The Welcome Stakes for two year j olds was won by Colonel Fraser's brown colt Trenton, by Musket from Frailty, two other Muskets getting the other situations. Mar tini-Henry's full sister Wood Nymph started, but did not get a place. At the Ashburton (N.Z.) meeting a sharper presented a forged ticket; he was_appre hended, and received a sentence ot three months' imprisonment I notice also that in Dunedin prosecutions were instituted under the Gaming and Lotteries Act and Thomas Bamett, charged with being in the occupa tion of premises known as Tattersall's Club, was fined £50 and costs, or, in default, two months' imprisonment The other defend ants, who were found in the room when the police made a raid, were fined £2 each. The weights for the Dunedin Cup appear in another column. Welcome Jack heads the list at 9st 71b., but he has been scratched. Tasman comes next at 9st 51b., and then Mata at 8st 121b. The Australians Lady Emma and Turquoise have 8st 51b. and 8st 31b. respectively. Tbenge, 7st 131b.; Emir Bev, 7st 71b. ; Tairoa, 6st 91b.; Sou'-wester, 6st 101b.; Hilarious, 6st 71b.; and Stock flower, 5st 81b., Sir Bedivere; at 7st 71b., and July, 7st 4lb., read as well as anything engaged. Sir. E Griffiths was appointed handicapper to the Oboka and Eyreton Meeting in New Zealand, but his productions were so altered by two members of the committee that he resigned. I should think so. Allan Hobbs, a well-known rider and trainer in New Zealand, was drowned while on his way back from Ashburton Races. Mr. S. Noeworthy's horses were disposed of in Christchurch (N.Z.) on the 10th November. The highest-priced one of the lot was the brood mare No Name, who had a colt foal by Albany at foot After some spirited bidding the daughter of Traducer was knocked down to Mr- H- Hereford ax 975 guineas. A colt, by Cadogsn from Waterwitch (half sister to Lur line) was sold to Mr. Parsons for 500guineas; and a filly, by Cadogan from Malice sister to Lnrline), to Mr. J. Pilbrow for 350 guineas.' Waterwitch was sold to Mr. M. H. Smith for 275 guineas, and Awatea to Mr. Redwood at 150 guineas. Mr. Cox informs me that he has increased the stakes in the Selling Race, Steeplechase, and Harvest Handicap to 50 sotb. each. Ttvese events are to be run at the Moonee Valley meeting, which takes place cm Satur day, the 15th December, and 1 may here re mind owners of bones that die nominations close at the Victoria Hotel, Bourke-street, at 4 pjn. on Thursday next, December 6. The Ararat Annual Race Meeting has been fired for the 6th and 7th February. D. Callanan, the well-known cross-country jockey, has returned from Siam, whither he went in charge of a number of horses for the King. Denny remained some time breaking in the shipment, but he says he prefers Vie* toria, though it is quite likely he will pay tire country another visit An Australian jockey named Cairig, who went to India with Mr. Macklin, died from an Attack of cholera. Mr. IL Madden returned from India by die mail steamer, after a most successful trip, and I was very glad to hear from him that | there was no truth in the report that Sam Haynes had died in Madras. He tells me that he saw him acting as a billiard-marker at an hotel kept by an Australian named I Duffy, who was a jockey here some years j ago. j From India I have received a letter from Mr. R. K. Maitland, who writes from < Hyderabad, and informs me that the homes be took from Melbourne, Sylvan us and Gudarz, had been suffering from the effects i of a cold, but he hoped to nave them well by j the Calcutta meeting, whcli, he Bays, pro mises to be the most successful ever held in | India. Further, that the Australians Somer- j set, Queensland, Statesman, Ween, Sunny locks, and Palmers ton were all doing good work, also that Lord W. Beresford's three English horses, Reputation, Little Charlie, and Father Front, were also proceeding satis factorily in their preparation. Continuing about the Calcutta meeting, he remarks that there is a great chance tor a reliable Austra lian bookmaker or two to make a pile in India during the racing season. Two Eng lishmen named Miller and Brittain cleared about £2,000 at a little meeting at Poona, and expect to appropriate a lac of rupees before they leave India. It is reported that the Johdpore people have purchased Mistaken, The Ghost. Red Rover, and Delos from Mr. E. Weeks for 30,000 rupees. I shall be glad to hear from Mr. Maitland again, for Austra lians are now deeply interested in the Indian performances of homes bred in Australia, and any news respecting them will be accept able. Mr. James Redfearn removed The Plunger from Flemington to Williams town early in the week, audit is pleasing to know that there is a prospect of the horse being able to race again. Mr. Redfearn informs me that he does not think be has been permanently in jured, and after a few months' spell he hopes to be able to put him into work again. By the mail steamer I have received a /circular from the Sandown-park Racing Club notifying a slight alteration'in the conditions of the Eclipse fits , Stakes. It is as follows" In the Interests of those who may enter homes in the above race, the time tea the declaration of the first forfeit has been extended from the but in drderto entice Australians fr6m their homes, the authorities at Sandown-p&rk; must in any future venture make some ■ allowance to Australian hoi rses. much in the •asm manner that we do to homes foaled north of the line. Oti Thursday next, at the Royal Horse Sssaar. Adelaide.~Mr. HRArnard will dis pose pf the steeplechaser Bob Cooper, who atajfcheV.R.C. Owrigan,°J. SroWeTor ! J. Kilduff, BobCoope would be hard to beat | in any fielL I The Sandhurst Cop fell to a good | sportsman in Mr. Evan Evans, who thought ! be had a useful mare in Metres. She is half ; Bister to The Diver, being by Proto-Martyr ' from Gwendoline, and, therefore, ought to i race a bit Of coarse, it was no great perform I mice to beat Linda, because the latter was j conceding a couple of stone, but Victress showed her ability to gallop, and Mr. Whitty is to be congratulated upon bringing her to the post in such excellent condition. Pan berley did Mr. C Fraser a good turn by win j ning the Open and Selling Hurdle Race, and I he got him back cheap enough at 50 guineas. 1 Who is there that would not be glad at Steve i Mahon's success with Boisterous ? On the | second day at Sandhurst, that really good ) handicap horse Odd Trick Landed a nice little ojup f'W the Ball&rat; party. Mr. Thomas i Wilson has been very successful with this son I of King of Clubs, whose expatriation to New Zealand was a decided loss to Victoria, which is so lamentably deficient in good sires just now. It was unfortunate, indeed, for the Middle-park dub tbar this descendant of Ace of Clubs and Marchioness was killed ao i soon after his arrival in New Zealand. Pem | berley was lucky in winning another Hurdle Race, but Trumpeter, who was a tremendous favourite for the Steeplechase, got bowled over by a rank outsider in Napoleon. This was a good thing for the wieldera of the pencil, who had had the worst of it up to this race. Everybody was glad to see Mr. Evans win the bracelet with his speedy daughter of Proto-Martyr, and this success may give the winners sire a fillip. The defeat of Liddington in the belling Race was another throw-in for the fielders. From all sides I hear that it was one of the pleasantest | meetings ever held on rite course of the i Forest City, and it U gratifying to know that it was also a pecuniary success. Those who have horses engaged in the Sydney TattersaU's Cup are reminded that they must declare the first forfeit on Wednes day next, December 5, otherwise they will be liable f>r another forfeit A match has been made between Leitham stead and Nellie, the winner of the Sand hurst trotting race, to trot three miles for £100 a side. The 29th December is the day chosen for the decision of the match, and it will take place at Elstemwick-park. I'm told that W. Veomans has sold Countryman (late Cetewayo) to Mr. A. F. Smart 