fOMecellaneous. Richard Wagner. Some flashes of Riohard Wagnor's quaint dry humor aro perceptible in ono of his own skotohes of his boyish faneios, tastes, and ambitions. "Whon I. was nino yours old," bo writosl " nothing ploasod mo so well as 1 Frcisohuotz.' 'I ofton saw Webor pass our houso as he oamo from rehearsal ; I over contemplated him with sacred awe. My tutor, whoBO regular function it was to explain Cornolius Nopos to mo, was obliged at last to consent to give mo pianoforte lessons. As Boon as I had mastered a few finger oxcroiscs, I sot to work soorotly— and at first without tho notes— to learn tne' 1 Freischuetz.' over ture. ! Ono day my tutor happened to hear mo practising, and observed that 'I should novor do any good.' Ho was quita right ; all my life long I havo novor boon ablo to le&rn; to play tho piano. Howovor, I went on play ing for my own solo pleaouro— nothing but overtures, and with vilost fingoring imaginable. . . . , My musioal occu- pations wero, of courso, secondary matters; tho ehiof ones woro Grcok, Latin, Mythology, and Ancient History. I wroto poems, too. Once a schoolfellow -died, and wo boys woro instructed by. our master to writo, each of us, a set of verses upon tho death ; tho best of all, ho said, oliould bo printed. Mino it was that obtained tho honors of type, bat not until I had pruned it of many oxorosconccs. At that timo I was olovon years old. Nothing would do, naturally, but I muRt becomo a poot. I therefore sketched out an enormous tragedy, mado up of about equal parts of Hamlet ' and King Lear-' Tho plot was really most tremendous. Forty-two human beings per ished in tho courso of the pieco, and I found myself compollcd, in order to ronder a per formance feasible, to bring most of my oharaotcrs on ' again as ghosts, as othcrwiso I should havo been short of dramatis personcc for my last two nots. I was busy with this play for two whole years. At sohool (LoipzigV I becamo idle aod knavish. Tho only tiling I cared for was my great tragedy. Bcthoven's musio to Egmont ' stirred mo so poworfally jast thon that I resolved not to bring oat my play upon any account until it should bo sot to musio of a similar character. I had por- feet confidence in my own capacity to writo tho reqaisito musio, but thought it might per haps bo as well, beforo beginning to compose it, to enlighten mysolf with rcspcot to a fow elementary laws of thorough-bass. To this end I borrowed Logior's 'Method ' for a weok, and studied it eagerly, bat not with suoh fruitful results as I had antieipatcd. Tho difficulties of eountcrpoint at onoo irritated and fascinated mo : I resolved to becomo a musician. Meanwhilo my huge tragedy had been discovered by my family, and had pro foundly saddened them by conolusively prov ing that I must have thoroughly nogleoted my sohoolwork on its account, under theso circumstances I held my tongue about my now vocation as a musician: bat nono the less did I furtively compose a sonata, a quar tette, and on aria. As soon as I felt myself sufficiently matured by my solf-imposod musi cal studies, I made full confession to my people, with whom I had hard battlos to fight; for thoy very naturally regarded my musical yearning as a pasBing passion— all tho moro so as it certainly was hot baced upon any real preparatory Btudy, or oven upon a oortain amount of faculty in playing upon any instru ment Just then tho Jaly Revo lution broko oat; instantly I becamo a revo lutionist, and came to tho conviction that a man possessed of a grain of energy cannot but bo bound to occupy himself exclusively with politics. Forthwith I began an over ture on a political subjcot, quitted school, and entered tho University — not to devoto myself to the study of a | Faculty,' for I folt myself dodicatcd to a musical career, but to pick up philosophy and aesthetics, I took no a'dvan- tngo whatsoever, howovcr, of this opportunity to improvo my education, but plunged into all mannor of student excesses, with suoh fri volity and cxtr&vaganco; that I Boon got siok of them. When I came to my sonsca again, I felt tha necessity of recommencing my musical studies at tho very beginning, and 8ticiung to vnem sternly. Frovidcnco per mitted mo to light apon tho right man to in spire mo with now lovo for the art, and render it intelligible to mo by fundamental instruc tion. That man was Theodor Woinh'g. Under him I studied counterpoint, and learned to know and deeply lovo Mozart." 