ITEMS OF NEWS. An extraordinary occurrence took place yes terday evening between six and seven o'clock at Wattle Flat. . As three young men were going to the house of Mr Alexander Thomson, who is Known us u uunui ueuior, wiey neuru a HitOL, whichsounded as if it proceeded from the yard. They took 110 notice of this, but when tlioy reached the residenco of Mr Thomson lie was at the gate, leaning on a post bleeding ; and on being asked what had happened ho gave a con fused and incoherent account of his brains being knocked out with a hatchet by some young man, and of being shot, also of firing gravel in the air. He had evidently been drinking, arid did not know clearly what he was doing or sayiug. A report quickly spread through town that he had shot himself, whereupon Constables Glen- denning and Gilligan proceeded in a cab to the residence of Thomson, whom they found in bed, his face . covered with blood,! and two . large patches of blood on the floor. They put him into the cab and had him brought to the hospital at 9 o'clock, and >vhen he reached the gate he walked,' leaning oil a con stable's arm, into the institution. Dr. M'Grath who was present, examined Thomson, and found he had a shallow wound on the temple of about half an inch long, and another wound on the left temple that was filled up with clotted blood. There was 110 shot in either. -A single barrel gun was brought by the police from the house of Thomson ; it was unloaded, and had 110 ram rod. Beyond him being in a state of stupor, probably from over-indulgence, nothing further could be learned from him, except some inco herences about being killed, , There was no one < seen about his premises, but there was a young man in a field beyond. Thomson has not, suf fered " much; and will sobn recover 'from the slight abrasions he has sustained... ! . i .i - A singular robbery occurred at the Harcourt railway station between 114 o'clock on Satur day night and 5|, o'clock on Sunday morning. Upon leavirig on the former evening, the station- master had in his, drawer two half-sovereigns and L4 16s in silver, but he did not happen to lock the drawer.. ; On coming to the office yes-; terday- morning lie' discovered the window had1 been raised, and -an entrance' effected thereby., There is no riierition of any suspicious characters' being about; and at present ' the robbery is in-! volved in mystery. '.y.' V.' V. ! '; There were three inebriates in the watchhousei last night, who had been locked up since Satur- - day.- .... >. A : A meeting of ladies in connection with the. New Year's Day ' Carnival will be held in the : Town Hall to-morrow afternoon. y Our Melbourne correspondent states that the ; health of the Horn J,-':G.- Francis is causing- great apprehension to his . friends, arid that:hiS' medical attendants regard his' condition as ex tremely critical. 7 ' ' '' ; " One" of the attractions iii connection with the i Fryers' Miners. Association Sports on the Camp ! Reserve oh the 5th December, will be the Mem-; bers' Bicycle Race, which "was postponed at' the i recent race'meetirig of the club. The cutting of the. Harcourt branch race for' water supply is about to be proceeded with," and! offers will be received for. excavating "short sec- ! tions by Mr Kemp,' of Sandhiirst. Specifications . for the work ban be seen at' the "Water Supply- office, Castlemaine. i A large picnic will take place on Wednesday: at Harcourt with the Sunday school scholars of! the- 1 Wesley an and -Presbyterian Churches. ; They all join in going by train to Harcourt,' arid as they will number about 300, exclusive of; teachers and adult caretakers, the gathering will be a large one. In the Guildford district liay-making is now in full swing,, and the recent rains, although slightly damaging' the., crops in the! low-lying lands, have materially. increased- the yield in the- more elevated grounds. MesSrs' Gi Godfree arid' 0\. Faull have at present several acres down, and expect a yield of 24 tons per acre. The season has also been very .favourable for the barley, wheat and oat crops, and should notliing; happen before the New Year, an abundant har vest will bo gathered. There was an unusually large number of peo ple' in the streets on Saturday night, 'who' no. doubt came out with the intention of; seeing the; Salvation Army " open fire ". ori the ! town, it! being rumoured during the week"' that a " de-' tachraent " would arrive from Sandhurst to start operations. A great number of people went, to, the.statiori, but met with disappointment, and; the nearest approach to anything like Salva-; tionism . was a party of youths who . patrolled Ly ttleton-street singing several of the Army's hymns. . i The weather on Saturday was rendered less oppressive by a slight rain which fell in the af ternoon, but this was of short duration, and to wards the evening it was again very close and sultry. Yesterday the heat was intense until five o'clock in the evening, when a thunderstorm gathered in the south-west, and soon there was, much vivid lightning . and great thunder peals.. Directly south the sky was clear, but in the south-east another thunderstorm gathered and broke with great force, forked lightning darted! out of the dark cloud masses, and thunder pealsj of , terrific loudness reverberated .'around, and; spread; towards the north.. After tliese electrical discharges a slight shower fell, arid though the' atmosphere thereafter became cooler, it was still sultry.;-. . ..- . . ; ; . j Maldon is to be enlivened on Thursday even ing by the banquet to its representative, Mr M'Intyre, which is to be attended by Conserva- tive and Liberal .quite , irrespective 'of politics. Many members of Parliament are expected to be present, so there will be' speech making in, abundance. A Committee of great Btrerigth has- been formed to- ensure the' oration being a sig- nificftiit one, as expressive of appreciation of the exertions of Mr M'Intyre in proriioting the1 interests of .his 'constituents. His mission toj England being to bring back capital for develop- ing .mines has their hearty concurrence. The catering for the banquet hits been entrusted to. Host Page, which is an assurance that it .will be satisfactory, and in order that electors who feel disposed to join in it may not be'doterred on ac count of costliness the tickets-are to be but 5s, exclusive of liquors. - .7 An accident;' which for the moment gave a surprise and a sharp shock to those who observed its occurrence, passed off harmlessly on Satur day afternoon under a fortuitous combination of improbabilities. As a young man was driving a horse in a spring cart laden with bread, the pro perty of Mr Duffy, down Barkers street, there was an abrupt stoppage. A wheel flew off through the breakage of the axle, one side of the cart dropped in the street, the, driver serenely jumped- put from his cart, the horse stood still, Several persons rushed to secure it, but it neither bolted nor kicked, so with all the elements for a sensation that did not come off. The horse was unyoked, the spring cart pulled off on one wheel opposite to the Cumberland Hotel, in Lyttleton street, and as no one even ventured to Bteal the loaves pending the time another con veyance was procured, the whole collapsed with out quickening a pulsation beyond the initiatory one of expectancy. Our German citizens of Castlemaine and neighbourhood yesterday celebrated the 400th anniversary of Dr Martin Luther, the great Re former of their church. The church was beau tifully decorated for the occasion by the Misses Nlebuhr, Jors, and Bohrmann. Luther's hymns were sung by tho congregation with spirit, espe cially the renowned song "A strong castle is our God." Tho Rov. F. Leypoldt preached from Ephesians, 6th chap., 10th to 18th verses, and a v.ory impressive and ardent sermon was delivered. The. battle which, our Reformer fought, and which overy_ true Christian still has to fight — 1. The onemios he fought with ; 2. The weapons which he used in the fight ; 3, Tlje treasures for which ho fought. The preacher exhorted his congregation to provo themselves n» true children of tho Reformation, and to pre serve and use well the treasures for which Luthor and Mclanchon fought so bravely and well. - A rrieeting of tho committee appointed for the purpose of getting tho water for Bluicing pur poses carried down tho eastern side of Campbells Creek, was held 011 Saturday evening at Appel's Hotel. Mr Mitchell in the chair. ' The minutes of the last meeting being read and confirmed,-- a communication was received from the depart ment refusing to comply with tho request of tho petitioners, alleging as reasons for refusal that a similar extension had been carried out at Sand hurst and Barkers Creek, and that they were not paying tho coat of supervision. Tho secretary was instructed to write to the members show ing them ; that becauso other districts had not succeeded that this was 110 reason for refusing the application, and at the same time reminding the : department that the money for water supply purposes came from a sum sot apart for this object, and calling attention to the fact that the inhabitants of other districts had as yet obtained 110 benefit from the supply of water for sluicing purposes. It was then decided that Mr John Mitchell and Mr Morris, M.M.B., obtain from the Mining Surveyor all "the information available, and, on the return of the Premier from '' Sydney, interview him on' the subject; also that our members be asked to support the deputation. It is a general opinion that a much larger area of ground than was represented to the department is available for sluicing and would give good returns, as miners are now ob taining good results with very little water. The Baptist collection for the local charities having been postponed in consequence of special services was taken up last evening, and resulted in the sum of L2 2s 6d being gathered. The Rev. W. A. Whitney preached to a very poor congregation, the weather being sultry and threatening. The text was from Haggai 2nd eliap. 9th verse — " And in this place will I give peace, saith the Lord of Hosts." The preacher showed that the text referred exclusively to the future, -and typified the passing away of tho kingdoms of the earth and the establishment of the kingdom of God and his Christ. He showed that men needed peace ; that peace is the gift of the Lord of-Hosts ; that peace is secured by the reoe'ption of the Gospel ; and is intended for the world only in connection with belief in the Gos- pel. L, Mr C. A. Moore, evangelist, of Melbourne, preached at Barker's Creek yesterday morning, clidoffirig for" his" "text Hebrews 13tli cliap," "5tli verse—" Let' your' conversation' be ' without covetousness ; , and be content with such tilings as ye' have ;'for he hath said, I will never leave thee, nor forsake thee." . In the afternoon he preached from Acts; lOtli chap." 14th verse — " Arid a certain woman named Hydia, a seller of purple,- of the city of Tliyatira, winch ..worshipped God, .heard us ; whose heart the Lord opened, that; she attended unto tlio things which were spoken of Paul." Mr Moore preached in the Mechanics' Institute last night to a good audience, -and selected for hiB text St. Matthew 28tli chap.; 19th verse — " Go ye; therefore, arid' teach all nations, baptizing them iri the name of the Father, and-'of the-Sori, and 'of the-Holy Ghost." The preacher spoke of.the.com mission as given by all the historians, and as preached by the different orders in the world, pointing out very clearly the three dif ferent leading orders, and talcing up the order as delivered by Peter in the 2nd chapter of Acts, for the purpose of showing which was the correct one of the three. -The sermon was lis tened- to attentively by a good congregation. At the Wesleyan Church, Barker-street, yes terday morning, the Rev. John- Cowpertlnvaite, of Echuca,, preached, choosing as his text part of the- 20 th yerse'.of 3rcV chapter of the Epistle to the Pliilippians, " For our citizenship is in Heaven." He remarked that great changes have occurred in the world- of politics. Nationality hasto-day taken the -place of: the citizenship of ancient times.' About eight centuries before Christ a bancl of adventurers founded a city on the left bank of the Tiber, which rapidly grew, and became the greatest 'of all cities, viz. , Rome. Provinces and colonies were formed, and the rights and privileges of citizens were conferred upon their inhabitants. Citizenship was ac quired by natural legitimate inheritance, or con ferred" for distinguished services, &c.; A relic remainstp this day, in tlio bestowal of the free dom of great cities-upon distinguished statesmen and warriors. He proceeded 1 to notice': the na ture, the obligations, and the glorious privileges of the citizenship of Heaven. /In her best days Rome would have scorned to sell for money the precious , privilege, but in :degenerate.times we find the centurion saying -to Paul, . " For a great sum obtained I this freedom,''- and the Apostle replied f'-But I' was free-born.'' ' There; was special appropriateness in the text as written '.to tho .Tphllippians, they - being ri. Roman - citi- ,zeii8, though living . in Macedonia. The citizenship of Heaven cannot - be ob- \- tained for money, although1 that -is almost omnipotent in . the world, - and seven in thechurch,for it has purchased a bishop's mitre, a parson's- living," and the . chief seats for the careless rich. The Heavenly citizenship can only be obtained through'faith in Christ. This en tails great arid solemn obligations— namely, obe dience to Heaven's laws, which are all included in the great and primal law of love. Love to God and to our fellow creatures— devotion to Heaven's interest, as the Roman colonists were devoted to her interest. Treasonable communi cation with tlie enemy, or refusal to enlist in her service, forfeited citizeusliip. Intrinsic dignity and honour attached to Roman citizenship, a citizen considering himself superior to a bar barian king, but how insignificant compared with a citizen of Heaven, who is surrounded by an impregnable panoply, aud having a title to enter Heaven— tho home of angels, the banquet ing chamber of everlasting love. Can we say with Paul we are citizens of Heaven, if so, what joy ? ' See that we do not barter tlie privilege for the world's pleasure then. Our feet shall tread its golden streets, our hands shall olasp its palms of victory, our eyes shall seethe king in liis beauty and the land that is afar off. : - \- Another lamentablo mining accident occurred on Saturday morning at the St. Mungo Com pany's mine, Eagleliawk, by which a miner named John Morgan, residing in Victoria-street, was hurried into eternity without a moment's notice. It appears, says the Bendigo Evening Netvs, that lie was removing some mullock in one of the levels, when a prop suddenly -gave way and a, quantity of dirt fell on top of him, smothering the unfortunate fellow. Dr Thorn was quickly summoned to the mine, but on his arrival he pronounced life to be extinct. The medical examination showed that death resulted from suffocation, as there were no bones broken. Morgan was a prominent member of the Salva tion Army. He was 40 years old. leaves a wife and one child to mourn their loss. Great re gret is oxpressed in Eagleliawk at Morgan's untimely death, he being a man respected by almost all with whom I10 came into contact; On Sunday evening two young ladies,.' Miss Wannup and Miss Hayes, were taking a walk along tho bank of the Murray, in the vicinity of the homestead at Brandon Park, Torrumbarry, when they were somowhat startled by observing a large tiger snake taking an airing in-the sun. The reptilo was apparently asleep, and the ladies rather foolishly thought they would rouse it; they commenced throwing pioces of sticks at it when it suddenly turned tho tables of springing towards them. The ladies fled homeward, closoly pursued by the snake, but their onward progress was Bomowhat cheeked by a high fence over which they had to clamber. Froin this placo, however, they could not escape for a quar ter of an hour, as notwithstanding their screams 110 011c came to their assistance. Evontually, however, tho snake turned tail and slunk away to a hollow' log, where he disappeared, much to the relief of the' ladies; The snuke was of tho tigor species, and about 7 feet long. Persons travelling in tho bush at this season of the year should be cautious and keep a good look for snakes in the grass. — Riverine Herald. The Rov. William Sherriff, a Presbyterian clergyman, of Wellington, ' New Zealand, hung himself during a fit of insanity on Fri day. A fatal accident occurred at Appila, near Adelaide, when a man named Kurger, who was working in a hay-field, foil off a load of hay, and broke his. neck. . > No ws has roacbod Ballina, New South Wales, of the landing of six- Frenchmen from u large decked boat, six miles north of the Brunswick River. They are from Now Caledonia, und are supposed to be escapees. A mail named Charles Shoppard, while en gaged in the removal of a large gaspipd at the Australian Gas Company's works, Sydney, lost his life. The pipe was being raised, when it gave way, falling upon Slieppard's head and chest, and killing him instantaneously. 1 Two men, named Nowman aud Ray, woro carrying a quantity of timber in a small boat, at Brisbane, on Friday, when tlie boat capsized, and Newman was drowned before assistance could be rendered liirn. Ray clung to the boat until ho was rescued. The deceased was a widower, with six young children. A satisfactory report was presented at the an nual meeting of the Adelaide Aborigines' Friends Association on' Friday. The institution is' at Point Macleay, on the River Murray. During the year 416289 was expended by the Governs uient upon 6346 natives. Private subscriptions and returns from produce raised by tho natives have supplied the wants of the mission, and left a balance in hand for tho year. Tho Earl of Carnarvon, who was Secretary of State for the Colonies in tho last Conservative Government, has recently purchased, through a solicitor in Sydney, valuable property in that city, and lias forwarded instructions for the pur chase of a large property in the vicinity of Syd ney, which will have a prospective value. This lie purposes setting apart for the benefit of bis younger son when be comes of age. 1 During the passage of tho steamer Brighton from Manly to Sydney on Friday evening, 'one of the passengers, an elderly mail, who appeared to be sleeping on deck, fell backwayd into ' the water. The engines were immediately stopped, and a boat was promptly lowered, wliiclr suc ceeded in rescuing the man in a few 'minutes. When brought on board, however, he was found to be lifeless. The deceased has not been iden- tified- A case of drowning occurred at Sbepparton on Friday afternoon. A swagman named Doyle, aged about 34 years, went to bathe in a: blind preek of tlie Goulburn River. While in': the Water he was suddenly seized with cramp, which rendered him quite helpless. He called out for assistance, but before anyoue arrived be had disappeared. The police dragged the crook and recovered the body, but life was quite ex tinct. . . ; 1 The Earl of Rosebery, who is now on a visit to Sydney, is the son of the late Archibald Lord Dalineny by Lady Catherine Lucy Willielmina, only daughter of the fourth Earl Stanhope. - He was born in London in 1847, and received his education at Eton and Christ Church, Oxford. He succeeded to the title on the death of liis grandfather, the fourth Earl of Rosebery, in 1868\. His lordship married, 20th March, 1878, Hannah, daughter of Baron Meyer de Roths child. A man named Walter Rogers, a plasterer by trade, was found dead in a yard at Wangaratta. on Friday. He had been drinking Birioe his ar rival there, but was seen and spoken to about 8 o'clock. Shortly afterwards he was seenlying on one of the pathways, and as it was .-supposed that he was merely drunk he was placed in the yard under the shade. ' A few hours subse quently he was found to be dead. An inquiry was held, when a finding was given that death had resulted-froin congestion of the brain. The New Zealand Herald of the 15th in6t. has the following telegram from Ohinemutu " Mr Martin, from Auckland, lias just returned from Rotomaliana, having succeeded in photo graphing an unprecedented sight. The Great Geyser, at the top of the White Terrace, emptied itself completely, and then suddenly a column of water about 3ft. through shot up straight and unbroken to the height of fully 20Q1V All the other geysers were at tho same time propor« tionately active. The oldest inhabitants there said that there were only traditions of- such ari event having occurred before." 1 A gentleman now residing in Melbourne, who (says the Argus) was at one time iri' the service of the Midland Railway Company, in England, speaks very highly of Mr Richard Speight, who comes from that company to he chairman of the Railway commissioners in Victoria. Mr Speight's advancement to a high position in the service was, ho says, creditable alike to his in dustry and ability and to the good judgment of the directors- He was a good administrator, and, unlike most men who rise from - the rankB to high offices, he constantly evinced com mendable consideration for those below him. His retirement from the Midland will, says our informant, be a serious loss to that company. It is not often that milk from tho oow is utilised in extinguishing a fire, as was the case in the following instance, .recorded in a local paper : — The dwellinghouse of Mr Reichael, carter, Melbourne-road, .Creswick, ; had a won derfully narrow escape from . being burnt down on Wednesday morning. A fire bad. been lit in the o ven early in the morning, and' some pine lining-boards alongside caught fire. On the alarm being given, a young woman- next door, who was milking a cow, ran' with the bucket of milk and threw it on the burning wood, thus putting it out, before the local fire brigade ar rived. At the Durham Ox police court on Friday, a young woman named Bridget Catherine Buck ley,' the daughter of a well-known and highly respeotable farmer residing at the Pyramid, was proceeded against on a charge of infanticide. From the evidence, which was voluminous, it appeared that the young woman had . been se duced by a young man named Johnson, a far mer residing near Kerang, and that on the 23rd of last October the aooused was confined of a feminine child in a paddock belonging to her father at the Pyramid. The child was wrapped in a piece of flannel, and left alongside a log fenoe, and covered over with grass. Next day the dead body of the infant was found in a bag in. a water-hole near the Buckleys' residence by a platelayer 011 the railway named .William Thompson,. who handod.thq bag, and the con tents over to the police. The accused admitted that she.;was-the mother of the child. The bonoh, being of opinion that a strong case had been made out for a jury, committed the ao oused for trial -at the next Court of AssizoB at Sandhurst. . A singular case of blood poisoning happened to a oinn in t.Vin Amlinrat. rlintriot Ho wnu' bitten on. the hand by a magpie which had been fossicking about in tlio pigstyo. Great pain and swelling extending up to- the- shoulder ensued, and fears were : entertained lest amputation would be nocessary, but owing to the attention and skill of the hospital dootor_ any danger has been averted; - ' Tho recont alarming explosion of war rockets at Woolwich affords a remarkable iillustration of tho comparative uselossrio'ss of thoso engines of war. A doiiBoly populated quarter) was bom barded for an hour by tho rockets stored in England's central arsonal, and with tlio excep tion of two unfortunate men working -in the midst of the rockot mine ..' when it ex ploded, nobody was killed, - and hardly anybody was scratched. The terrible appli ances of modern warfare are often much - more terrible in imagination than in reality. The Alexandrian forts were almost unscathed by tlie' heavy guns of our ironclads, and Wool wich, on which were showered sufficient rockets to have soared all tho tribes of Africa from Morocco to Natal, also oscapod almost unhurt. A startling phenomenon is reported from Kingston, Canada, in tho shape of a curate who has joined the Salvation Army. The Rov. Dr. Wilson, tho curate in question, has not resigned his curacy, aB he desiriss- to- livo and die in tho service of the Church' of 'England. But as he goes about speaking at the ' meetings of tho " Army," and vows -lie will stick to the "Army'.' as long as it "picks up the drunken and depraved and makes! them ' pious and happy," there is ii great commotion in the Anglican fold. Pressure is brought to bear upon the Dean to'liavo the objectionable curate dismissed, the Dean has written to tho Bishop, and the public lias sided with the curate, " whoso long : service iri the Church, liis popularity. in tlio; city, and tho exceeding usefulness Of 'liis career," are all pleaded in liis favour by those who object to his excommunication. As for the curate, ho is incorrigible. Tlie " Army," he says, converted an archdeacon's brother who had been proof against ordinary agencies, to say nothing of drunken members ' of the Church' of England. A correspondent, writing to the London Times, says : — " It is an admitted fact that among the clergy of the Church of England there is an amount of personal poverty simply appalling." A most peculiar and terrible sentence was passed upon a Chinese merchant at Amoy, who was tried for killing his wife and found guilty of murder. Ho was sentenced to death by the privation of sleep. He was placed in a cage .under the watch of four policemen, who watched him 'six hours each during the twenty-four and he was never for a moment alone. He could eat and drink as much as he cared, but neither night nor day was I10 allowed to close an eye. The unhappy man lived nineteen days. At tho beginning of the eighth day his sufferings were so great that lie begged them to take his life, either by shooting, drowning, burning; hanging, beheading, or felling, but the guards turned a- deaf ear to him. S'uoh executions are too expensive to become general. ' ' 