Light and Shade. BY ENDYMION. POOR old Sir Arthur! Great, apres tout, is the irony of fate! and to think that, after battling with and escaping the tropic horrors of the deadly west coast of that "dark conti- nent,"its east coast should still receive his latest breath, and that he was destined, yet, to die in Africa; not, as seemed so likely, circa 1852 but, when less looked for, in 1883; and the day when the news reached Brisbane on the elec tric wires was fine, clear, and sunny, as all June days should be here. But, mark you! when once they raised the half-mast Union Jack on the central dome of Parliament House a small dim rainbow, typical of smiles and tears, of sun and showers, of the light that ever gladdens gloom, and which must, in the end, con quer all gloom, however strangely mingled all auch opposite things may be for a while—a tiny rainbow wm at once seen to rest one foot on thfldroopiagflftgi taditwoheditronger andgrew deeper in hue when the rain and the sun fought well for the mastery, as if Nature would fain drop tears on the spot where the old man, erst while, held chief sway; and so they bedewed the old flag that symbolised his deputed dominion, and the rain drift now waxed, now waned, but the rainbow's fort never once moved nor flinched, from the flag till the glorious sun had conquered at last, and the prismatic drops had ceased to falL It was a singular coincidence all through, and to those who believe in more things than meet the eye it was suggestive of victory and of pleasant thoughts that will, in spite of us, mingle even with the dim dread subject; and Sir Arthur, as you know, was a soldier, both in St. Paul's sense of tho word and in every other sense of it; and he was still a conqueror, though, like some other conquerors, he never saw his native land again. I hope we shall get one of the burning questions well out of the fire before long; for Parliament meets directly, and how the Speech is to be properly rounded off without a settle ment of the New Guinea difficulty I cannot tell. All Queensland is agreed that Sir Thomas has done quite right; but what shall be said of the man who will annex the New Hebrides? It seems to me we are sadly trying the patience of our dear old Mother. Britannia's youngsters always were fast; and they have usually gone a long way ahead of her in the matter of picking up small unconsidered trifles of terri tory lying loose about the world. While Queenslanders have been playing Yankee grab with New Guinea, and the Victorians are thinking of beggar-my-neighbour with the New Hebrides, a British Company have been euchreing everybody else out of the small island of Borneo. But the world changes, or the people in it do, which is much the same thing. France and Germany and Italy all begin to see that there's a good thing to be done in colonies. France ought to be satisfied with Algeria and Tonquin and Madagascar; but somehow she can't do without the New Hebrides, just for a convict station; Germany has a great idea of Samoa, and at one time thought a good deal about New Guinea; while Italy remembers what D'Albertis did with the assistance of Sydney merchants, though she for gets where the cash came from; and by-and-by Russia will be putting in a claim by virtue of Baron Macleay's explorations. But it's no use ; we're bound to have New Guinea anyway, and those other islands too, if possible. The tele gram from the Agents-General the other day about the funds seems quite out of place when patriotism and the British Empire are at stake. But we shall be quite ready to annex the islands, and pay something towards looking after them too, if we get enough of our own way in the business. How the papers will talk to us when they hear that we are not content with New Guinea! Probably we shall be asked to try our hand at taking a slice out of Europe next; or shall we be sarcastically asked if our mater nal relative is aware of our absence from home ? One small possibility does not appear to have struck anyone. But it seems to me quite on the cards that France may have quietly taken her share among the Pacific Islands while we have been thinking of it. I'm quite sure there's no time to lose, and I should not be surprised any day to hear that the tricolour had been hoisted on Mallicolo or Espiritu Santo. Bur what is the Annexation question, or even the Transcontinental scheme, to a country where one divisional board can single-handed give to every allotment in a given street a water frontage with free rights of navigation ? That's what the Booroodabin Board did the other day. At least Beattie did it, and no one has yet been found clever enough to lay down the boundaries between Beattie and the board. The board is Beattie, and Beattie is the board. It will scarcely be credited, but although this hard-working and much-abused man ac tually got a canal 14ft. wide and 4ft. deep cut along a street that formerly was nothing but an ordinary—a very ordinary—92ft. roadway, giving it direct communication with the For titude Valley drainage system on the one hand and the Brisbane River on the other, still the ratepayers are not satisfied. Indeed they threaten to upset the board, and even to turn Beattie out of his seat for the Valley. The many advantages of this canal must surely have been overlooked by those discontented ratepayers. They may fall into it and claim damages from the board; their mother-in-law can scarcely attempt to visit thera, at least by night, without furnishing grounds for an action for loss of services and pain of mind from bereavement; and as for teaching the young idea how to swim and sail boats, and—get muddy, the openings are numberless. In fact, there is one big opening from end to end of the canal. But, then, the people call it a drain and other nasty names, and make themselves dis satisfied, until you could not please them with fifty canals. The voluntary system has its drawbacks cer tainly; but if our squatting friends would adopt the suggestion made by a colonial Bishop somo years ago the Church funis would suffice for all demands made upon them. In a letter, written more than twenty years ago, the episcopal gentleman alluded to proposes that, by way of providing for the stipends of the clergy, the squatters should assess them selves at the rate of £1 for each 1000 sheep and £1 for each 250 head of cattle, besides collect ing from their labourers any subscription they might be willing to contribute towards the same object. The same note very mode rately asks a donation towards a par sonage at W , and an annual sub scription towards a fund for maintenance of schools; and winds up by laying the founda tion for an invitation to spend a few days at the station. This iB certainly one of the most moderate begging letters I ever read. I like a man who will say outright what he wants, and not Mk for one thing to*d»y wid someth-Og else as soon as his first request is met. But the idea of an assessment on stock for such a purpose so tickled the worthy squatter that he has been chuckling over it ever since. He gets things rather mixed, however, for he is apt to refer to that bishop as a chief inspector, and occasionally speaks of a clergyman as a " sub." I confess the assessment is rather high, but if it would keep the squatter and his run free from moral burrs and other noxious weeds of a spiritual nature, and destroy the marsupials always ready to eat off every growth of good in us, perhaps he wouldn't be very far out at the end of the year. I rather fancy the donations and subscriptions and visit at the close of the letter proved too much for the worthy squatter; for the assessment was never paid to this day. Roma is not such an important city as it was. Local men and politicians—when they are talk ing to local men—call it the city of the plains, the new Chicago, and other complimentary names; but a lot of its glory has departed. Time was when Roma possessed a town band; the band consisted of a big drum, and the per formers were the editor of the local paper and the secretary of the School of Arts. One man held the two posts. There was never a festive occasion when the big drum did not figure prominently, nor was a political or other meeting considered complete unless the editor was there to discourse sweet strains. Never theless, this is at an end. The editor writes in Roma no more, and the big drum's boom no longer awakens the echoing hills. I may as well mention that there aren't any hills about Roma, but there ought to be; and if the well sounding sentence isn't true to nature the fault's not mine. Toowoomba tyrants have despoiled the Romans of both editor and drum, and are proud of their victory, while the sufferers go round disconsolately and weep. But apropos of this. There was a banquet recently in Roma, at which the editor was to play his drum, and a Highland piper was engaged to assist in enrapturing the guests. But the musicians fell out, as all great musi cians do; it is characteristic of great souls to be pugnaciously querulous; my readers will notice how exceedingly ill-tempered I some times appear. But to our muttons. A dread ful combat took place. The drum beat boldly, and the pipes shrieked weirdly, and the players appeared equal in their greatness; but the pace was too warm, and with one maddening rush of righteous rage the newspaper man fell re lentlessly on his Highland foe, doubled him up in no time, and stuffed him pipes and all into the drum. The pipes ceased, and the piper, after a few frantic kicks, gave up the ghost. But these frantic kicks were a great success for the drum, the audience admitting that it never discoursed so sweetly before. Now of nights, when the editor man is tired, he sits down and whistles "The Lass o' Gowrie," and at the invocation the spirit of the Scotchman gets into the drum and energetically kicks. We all know how strong a Scotchman's spirit is—the Bladnoch brand for instance—and the music of the drum is truly Wagnerian in the sublimity of its expressiveness. It is said to be spirit-stirring—the Scotchman's spirit stirring. I don't know that this story is true; it was told to me and is a Roman boast, and I know it has some foundation in fact. We hear a lot of this "Unholy Alliance" business in politics, and of the inconsistency and indecency of the Grifith party and the ultra-squatters forming themselves into a Mutual Advantage Society. Now, as to the decency of the coalition, I have nothing to say; that is, in the words of Mr. Griffith, between the parties and their consciences—if political parties have consciences—but I flatly deny that there is any inconsistency. The Opposi tion people come into power \ Western set tlement is checked, selectors sell out, large tracts are knocked off by auction; and the ultra-squatters' millennium is reached. On the other hand, the ultra-squatters vote for Grif fith and Oo.; that combination attains power, place, and pay; and the Liberal millennium is reached. Hence the consistency of the mutual support. Of course, I only write this for argu ment's sake; no one will believe it, and I sup pose my friends the Libs, will think that I have not looked at it from the correct point of view. They were in the drawing-room by them selves. She had, just a week previously, been vaccinated, and it was his dearest wish to be inoculated with lymph from her arm. He thought he could perform the operation him self, and had made several scratches across his 6in. biceps with a pocket lance, when she gently chid him for " scoring his poor arm like that." Handing her the instrument, " Pet, you lance!" he exclaimed, with just the faintest tinge of pet-u-lance. 