Our American Letter. Sait ir&ANcisco.; February 12. There has been a succession of serious .acci dents since the date of my last letter, attended byheayyloBs of life and property. When the previous mail left, news had been received of the New Hall House disaster, in Milwaukee, the loss of life being variously estimated at from 80 to J.W. .LUCie la IKUgSKJlL. w UCUCIQ Uliau UICL o.w lives were sacrificed in that firfl. And what makes the affair worse is the fact, which has been developed on the investigation, that the hotel was set on fire to secure tlio insurance on tlie stock of liquors in the bar, which had been let to a tenant, and was not run in connection with the house. This i» not an unusual arrangement in this country. It is alleged that the barkeeper removed most of his stock, and then turned on the gas, starting a fire meanwhile which in time communicated with the gas and caused the flames to spread with great rapidity. Thin was denied by the accused, who has been held in bonds to stand, his trial. His counsel states that he will prove, at his trial, that the fire -was started by a trusted servant of the hotel, and will produce the books, which it was claimed had been burned. One very remarkable feature of the case is this, the night clerk swore that fully 25 minutes elapsed from the time the alarm was given until the fire began to spread, and that he might have aroused all the inmates of the house in time to {escape. Why did he not do bo? he was asked; to which he replied, that he had more important matters to attend to — looking after ? the papers of the hotel, as he knew that th« cafe was no use. It follows, therefore, that whoever started the fire was ablv seconded in his work by the responsible official of the hotel on whose intelligence and attention the lives of the guests depended when the general manager had retired. In addition to this damming evidence of criminal neglect, there is the further fact tha» the fire-hose had not been tried for several years, and was rotten. The hose of the 'fire brigade was little better, thoir escape ladders were too short, and the net work of telegraph wires prevented the free hand ling of them, such as they were. This stupendous crime will probably go unpnnished. The coro ner'* jury censured the proprietor of the hotel for not taking ordinary precautions against fire.. but there the matter will rest, so far as he is concerned. There is no one to bring criminal charge's against him, and if the insurance com panies are not called upon to pay they will pro bably have the charge of arson against the barkeeper dismissed. Human life is the least valuable commodity in the United States. Any thing that has a money value is more highly esteemed than a man's life. Hence the almost universal resort to the pistol, and the equally universal sympathy with the murderer. Tiiis is a phase of American Eocial development which has not been studied as It UCDCl VCD iflJ UC TZBBIBLE RA.ILEOAD ACCIDENT. A very distressing accident occurred on the Southern Pacific railroad, one night recently, by which at least 20 lives were lost. The details are given at length in the newspapers which go to the colonies by this mail. I need not, therefore, do more than state the broad facts. It appears that the eastbound overland train from San Francisco had reached the summit at Teaachapai Pass, near the celebrated 'loop' in the Sierra Madre range, when the engine was detached and put on the turn-table, as was usual at this point, before making the descent on the Los Angeles side. The conductor, whose duty it was to see the air breaks attached, left the train to telegraph its arrival ; and the breakman, whose place was on the cars, left it also to escort a lady to the station. The night wa« cold, the lady entertaining, and when he returned the train was gone — had teen started down grade by the force of the wind. There was no train hand on the cars to apply the hand-breaks, and as the sleepers were locked, the passengers having retired for the night, it was impossible for anyone to obtain access to them. The train consisted of two ordinary cars and two sleepers. Those on board the cars became alarmed at the velocity with which they were travelling, and on looking out they realised their peril. An old railroad uian named M'Kenzie. was a passenger, and he applied the hand breaks in the cars, and endea voured to enter the sleepers for the same purpose, but could not. The breaks steadied the cars and' kept them on the track, but the sleepers jumped it at a sharp curve and became detached. They ?were dashed down a precipitous incline at the rate of 80 miles an hour, and became a complete wreck. The live coal stoves and oil lamps set the wreck on fire, and those only who were able to detach themselves at once from the mass of bedding and timber aud clamber out of the win dows above escaped. These were few in number, and in a short time only the charred remains of at least 20 men and women, burned to a cinder, were all that was left to evidence their former existence. Among those saved was ex-Governor Downey, but his wife was burned, with others, past recognition. The conduct of the railroad officials has been severely censured by the Press of the States, but very unworthy attempts have been made in the interest of the railroad company, to lay the blame of the accident upoa three tramps — purely mythical personages, who boarded the train, and started it downgrade to wreck and plunder it at this par ticular point where the accident occurred. There is not a shadow of ground for such a story, but it was suggested to the railroad people by an attack upon the Central Pacific train, close to the Utah and Nevada line, by a well-armed and mounted band from Utah, who have since been captured. A poor devil of a tramp, stealing a ride on the car, was killed. He would have fared better on foot. An attempt was also made to create an impression that the loss of life. was trifling. Mangled and roasted flesh was gathered up and packed in boxes. The railroad doctors declared that this flesh was not human remains at all, but beef that was in the cars going to Los Angeles ! At once the railroad organs took this . cue, as they had done about the tramps, and the tramps, and the trifling character of the accident was noised abroad. On the arrival of the boxes at Los Angeles, however-, thev were examined, and proved t» contain human remains. These boxes -hare been buriSS Ifi fhe Los Angeles ceme tery, in numbered graves, but no man can guess whotkey are, nor, can any one tall how many were in the sleepers, as the porter shared the fate of the passengers, and there is no record. Doubtless, several strangers ircre on board, ?whos* fats will ever remain a mystery to thoir friends. The truth is, the over land train on the Southern Pacific was abandoned by all the train hands, the engine being detached, at the dead of a wild night on a mountain top', without the breaks being applied, and as a natural consequence it rushed down grade to destruction. Every .effort is being made to re lieve the railroad company from legal and moral responsibility. Anyhow, the train of cars itself was undermanned, but the wealth and influence . of the corporation will probably enable it to escape all unpleasant consequences. Two points have arisen in connection with the NewhaLl House Fire and the Southern Pacific Accident. One is, the necessity for fixing large electric gongs on each story of a hotel, to Bound fire alarms and roase all sleepers simultaneously. This plan has already been adopted by one Sew York hotel, and will doubtless become general. The second point is a demand, on the part of the public, that railroad cars shall be lighted and heated by some other contrivance than oil lamps \- and coal stores. A, bill compelling this change has been introduced in the California legislature. Another natter cognate thereto is the necessity for carrying tools and crowbars on each train. Bad any appliance of this kind been available several lives might have been saved at the Tchachapai accident. One young lady 'vainly implored lor aid. She said she was not hurt in anj way, but could not free herself from the jrreck and get out of the window. She stood tberehelx-iese until tbefire approached and burned ber to * cinder. Those whewitoessed this tragic incident will never forget it. 8HWW&BCKS; ABB W» OF JjOT. The fine new Iron collier, Taooma, belonging to ' th« Central Pacific Bailroad, was lost on &e; oori^ani coast of California, wife 3200 tons «f ooal vnhoved, fifae m» ronaehore inca&m; weather «mda»m(M*h«4.' 7!mmea.vereM0wni&, utter Murrfring 40 hdiuum #» wreck before the/ wer* ?wept * war. ? ?*? **4 *».JW heMriHt ndief their position became known. The captain, offi cers, and eight men landed in a boat, after great hardships. Ati inquiry has yet ti be held. The ship was one of the finest vessels of her class that ever entered this harbour. She was built on the Delaware. I cannot help thinking that due precautions were not taken in navigating her. The weather was so fine that the captain retired at 9 p.m. on the night of the accident. The ship ?was left too close in shore, and struck on an out lying' ledge. Pour lives were subsequently lost through the burning of a email stern wheel steamer on Puget Sound. These are eome of the more prominent acci dents of the month. There have been at least half a dozen railroad accidents, attended by seri ous loss of life in the ae-sreffate. and all of them attributable in degree to carelessness more or less criminal. I need not, however, burden you ?with details. The finnan Company's Dock at New York has been burned. DBEADFtrli WEATHER A-.'D FLOODS. The weather has been unusually severe all over this continent. Great floods have occurred in Ohio, Pennsylvania, and tFest Virginia, in which vast stretches of country have been sub merged. Cities and towns were inundated, the inhabitants escaping from the upper stories of their dwellings in boats. Hundreds have t^en rendered homeless, and very considerable dis tress prevails. The l»ss of property has been very great. The States lying west of the lakes have experienced a very close approximation to the glacial period, the ' blizzard' going on the rampage on snow shoes with a venge ance. Snow slides, snow blockades, men frozen to death in their beds and on journeys, and cattle Buffering from want of pasture are common inci dents, loo gorges have formed in the rivers, and more floods are anticipated. It is remarkable, however, that the weather has been mild on the I iine of the Northern Pacific railroad, which will be connected with Pugat Sound by next Septem- j ber. Texas has been swept by a cold wavo. The temperature fell 70deg in one day in that State, causing great mortality among sheep. W« have had a cold spell also on the _ Pacific coast, but nothing to hurt, although 2 inches of snow fell one night over the southerly sections of tha San Jbaquin Valley, where snow had never been 'known to lie before. The crop outlook on this coast is excellent. There is fully 25 per cent, more wheat sown this season than last one, and, with favourable weather, we should export 1,700,000 tons of a wheat surplus next harvest. POLITICAL POINTS — CLERICAL HUMBUGS. The 47th Congress is 'fast' drawing to a close, and there remains a --reat deal of routine legisla tive work to be done. The Appropriation Bills have not yet been passed, but there is a declared intention on the part of the Kepublicana to change the rules, ana rusn them through to admit of passing the Tariff Bill. The schedule, as it stands in the House, is a strong protective, measure, more so than the existing tariff, it is less so in the Senate, but in neither Chamber has it assumed the shape the country had a right to expect. It may be come, necessary to ca.ll an extra session, because 1 greatly doubt if any tariff bill at all can pass, j Theattendance is very small, and no one appears | to give fiscal legislation a thought except the manufacturers. The Californian Legislature is in session. It is engaged in an anti-railroad light, in which the railroad is sure to win. The Sunday law lias j been repealed, as the direct result of the stupid i and unnecessary prohibition campaign. Indeed, J the folly of pushing temperance principles to an j extreme is made manifest, by a, general reaction j and an alarming increase of drunkenness nil [ over the country. The pulpit has lost nearly nil ! its moral influence, and its occupants are Bimply ' regarded as men who adopt preaching as a money- j making occupation, to be discarded lor anything j which promises better pay. One of these typical t parsons, the liev. Dr. Oox, belter known here as | *' Hallelujah Cox,' for his zeal as a gospeller, j was a shining light among the Methodists, and ) as secretary of the Toung Men's Christian Asso- i ciatdon he did a good deal of street missionary I work. He turned insurance agent and ran a good businers ; he was a. stump orator on thr I&pablican; side, and was rewarded with the lucrative office of pension agent, in which capacity lie was detected in the ungodly trick of swindling- an old blind pen sioner 'out of 5i-00 dollars. The facts became public ; the newspapers took it up, and the pen sion agent disgorged. He will be relieved ot his omw ; um .Lie iinjivuiices i-jllll lit! « lll jrtfsumts preaching in the Wesleyan Episcopal Church, in ! which he has always had great success ! If it j hud not been for the publicity given to this j shady transaction, however, the Lf eLuodist pulpit I would have had no attractions for him. I should j also add that he was eng.vred in very shady j mining transactions, one o. uriiiuh tf&s; brought : into court lately. j Speaking- of clerico-niininpr swindles reminds : one of the ' Methodist Silver Mine,' so called because it was engineered by Dr. Fowler, of the | -'Christian Advocate,' and other lights of the ' Methodist Church in tho East, who disposed of the stock of the Isabella Mining Company to their brother saints. Of course, it was a swindle from the grass roots down, and, as the victims are going to law, nice developments are anticipated. W« had two Presbyterian parsons here also who dabbled in Arizona wildcats, and salted a great deal of worthless stock to the godly. Ton may set it down as a maxim that when one or two parsons become touters for any mining specula tion it is a baretaced. swindle. I nave known many such enterprises here and elsewhere ; but never have 1 known an exception to the rule. When a minister gets off colour he becomes very spotted indeed ? GEKEBAIi ITJ2HS. The State Treasurer of Alabama, Mr. Vincent, one of the ' Chios,' has bolted, leaving a defi ciency of 225,000 dollars. A reward of 5000 dol lars has been offered for his capture. Jem Mace and Siade.the half-caste maori, -were met at the new Jersey depot and escorted to New York by about 1500 leading citizens. Mr. Bergh, ' the animals friend,' took measures to stop their sparring match, and in default of finding bail i they were lodged in gaol. They were released by the Supreme Court, which ruled that such exhi bitions were not illegal. Subsequently they raked in a heap of money, the proceedings against them, having served as an advertise menfc. A match ha* not been arranged between Sullivan and either, of the visitors, but he says he is wil ling to fight either man within three or six months for 10,000 dollars. Mace having received news of his son's death, by drowning in the Thames, goes on to England. Charles B. Thome, junior, the actor is dead. , He wai well known on the stage in this country. .Theatrical business is active in the States. The. Countess Modjeska contemplates an Australian tour. Charles Bright returns by the City of New York. A large fund was subscribed in America in aid of the sufferers by floods in Germany. The Ger man Fair in San Francisco was verv eniovable. and added a considerable amount to the Gejman relief fund. Consul Kahlo has not had any influence in. shaping the wool tariff. Minor Government officials never have any influence with Congress in this country. ' A DEDICATION CEBEMONT.' I have said something about clerical humbugs, and cited cases in point. Let me present the busi ness instincts of the Babbis in quite a different light. Lest I should be accused of bias or an attempt to burlesque a very worthy class of people,'! append the telegraphic despatch illus trating tho point, as it was received' and printed in the Pacific coast newspapers : — *? New York, January 30. — The Jewish Temple called 'Gates of Hope/ on Eiglity-sixth-street, was dedicated yesterday afternoon. The building wo* built by the Methodists and used by them for several years, became too small for them, and was sold to a Jewish congregation, who remodeled it. When the ceremoniee begun the lights were turned down and the shutters closed. Rabbi Bev. Dr. Brown preached the dedication eermon, one of the most remarkable in the history of the pulpit. Ha said be would address bis hearers as business men. ' The congregation/ he eaid, ' has taken a house thai has been used by the sfetho ldisfc Episcopal worshipers ; therefore, in business ^parlance, this 4s Pimply a reopening of the old arm, which consisted of the Father, Son, and Holy-Ohost, and which the new nar£norsbipbjui. dissolved. - Thb1Boj*and' Holy Ghost hare «tep pad down &nd;#ut, bat the business' «riU b#JI be proOnued by fee Fatter, the old bead «*'«», firm, one you have always trusted. The same goods mil be offered for sale. We shall continue to deal in charity, brotherly love and all the vir tues, and we appeal to all old customers to con tinue their trade.' CKOW QUILL. 