Harvest Service. The following is the sermon preached by tho Bov. J. Best, on the night of the 14th inst., at tho Harvest Service held in tho School Church, Nowra : — ' All thy works shall praise Thee, O Lobd ; and Thy saints shall bless Theo,'— Psalm cxlv, loth verse. This psalm and tho five which follow it are psalms of praise. They come immediately aftdr five psalms which are composed of prayers. Thus we find illustrated the experience of believers that after prayer follows praiso. Tho service in which wo are at present engaged is one' of praise. I have frequently hoard of Harvest Festival Services in England ; I heard of thom in Milton. And seeing that a great number of tho parishionors of Shoalhaven reap ' a livelihood from the harvest, and that almost all tho others are dependent, though not in so iminodiato n sonso, upon the crops from tho land, it seemed fitting to thank and praiso God in this special manner for His bountiful gocd noss to us all. Praiso bccomos us, because wo all are oroaturos depending ontirely upon tho goodnoss of God. And it is bocauso all things hang upon Him and saints owe their redemption to Him that the Psalmist says, ' All Thy works shall praise Theo O Lord ; and Thy saints shall bless Theo.' The first groat Bimple truth which is presented to us in this text is that — I. All God's works olull praise Him, (1.) Tho universe, tho whole system of oroated things, is God's workmanship. The heaven wo see abovo us with its million sparkling orbs traversing their sot paths through space, tho sun in his bright iiuoo, mi uiuu.t »uu moun tains adorned with lovoly foliage or capped with ohilling snow, the valloys with tlioir rioh and verdant clothing, tho cattlo that feed upon tho grassy fields or rove tho extensive forosts, tho quietly flowing river and tho mighty rolling ocean ' with its teeming moving inhabitants are all tho result of tho Almighty's word. ' For He spake tho word nud they wero created.' Thoy are all His works. 'Xhoy would not havo existed had Ho not called them into being. The Lord is the Groat First Cause who brought matter into existence and moulded it in all its beauty and perfection. (2.) All His works display His power, wisdom, and goodnoss. His power is seon in tho production of His works, whother they bo groat or small. That powor is infinite, whethor exorcised in tho production of a dowdrop or tho forming of the sun. ' AU acts with Dim lire equal ; for no moro It costH Omnipotence to build a world, And set (i sun amidst (lie ilrranmcnt, Than mould a dewdrop and light up its gem.' His wisdom can bo traced to bo infinite in tho vastness of nnturo, and the porfect manner in which it works. We say that a man is wiso because he has invented and can work somo vast piece of machinery. How wiso then must Ho ho who has planned and mado tho vnst machinery of tho universe ! IIow wise must Ho bo who governs and sustains in motion all created things ! Yoa, God is infinitely wise. | Ho is good, too— infinitoly good. He has mado provision for tho wants o f all living creatures. An earthly fathor is said to bo good bocauso ho provides for all tho wants of his family. God our Heavonly Father has made abundant pro vision for His universal family ! Ho leaves not out even those who are the most ungrateful. God's works, therefore, display His power, wis dom, and goodnoss, and it is fitting that they should praiso Him. (3.) But how do they praiso Him ? Some with their voices, and others in silence. The rushing cataract, as it leaps from rock to rock, and splashes its white foam, praises God with its roaring noise ; the smallest bird, hopping from branch to branch, praises Him with his tiny, sweet voico. Othors praise Him silently. Thus we read that ' Tho heavens declare tho glory of God, and the firmament ouuwouu.uit. uuwunuin . g»j speech, night unto night showeth knowledge.' But how is this dono P The next verse tells us, not indoed as wo have it, but with tho italics omitted : ' There is no speech nor language, thoir voico is not heard.' It is a silent testimony they bear, and hence its peculiar improssivoness and sij nificanco Tho heavens praiso God — but silently— in their solomn stillness. As you look up at the stars in the winter sky, you must be conscious that thoy are all praising your Great God and Creator. We have seen that all God's works do praise Him. For such is the case, although some are so bold and misguided as to disavow tho existence of the Creator. But if it is a truth that all God's worlcs praiso Him, it is also a truth that II His saints bless Ilim. 'AUThv works sh ill praise Thee, O Lord, and Thy siiints shall bloss Theo.' (1.) God's saints bless Him. Saints are holy people, who liavebeen redeemed by tho blood of Christ, renewed by His Holy Spirit through faith, and sanctified by the Holy Ghost. Those, whether they have passed into tho presence of thoir Saviour, or remain still unon earth, bloss tho Lord. (2.) They Mess tho Lord. The vmrks of the Lord do praise Him: but His saints bless Him. To bless, signifies to prais' with reverence. God's works, as signified by the text, have no mind wherewith to bless God ; but man, tho noblest of His creature', has a miuu. And with his mind he can bless his Creator. Saints shnii ascribe to tho Lord tho glory duo to His holy name.- '(3.) 1'iiey blo-s Him for their redemption nnd solvation. When they were sold under sin, nnd wore the captive slaves of satan, tho Lord .Tews paid the ransom of His own blood for their redemption. And having redeemed them, He also renewed thom by His Holy Spirit, and tacy walk in newness of life. They havo been raised from tli* doath of sin unto the life of righteousness. They hero been rescued by the Lord from sin and hell, nnd brought into the kingdom of hoaven. Therefore do the saints of God bloss Him. (4.) Moreover they bless Him for His earthly gifts— for pros perity and pleasure, for health, for clothing, and for food. And this consideration loads our thoughts to God's gift of the harvest. Not the least of His freo bestowals is the harvest.- After tho flood, God, when he saw man was afraid of futuro calamities, qave His word that ' while the earth remained, seed-time and harvest , and cold and heat, and summer and winter, .and-day and night, should not cease.' (Gen. viii 22.) And God has kept His word. ' According to His promiso, no has from ago to ago boen kind even to the unthankful and the ovil.j ' causing His sun to shino on the evil and on tho goo 1, and sending rain on tho just and on the unjust;' He has been mindful of those who wero forget ful of Him ; good to those who were rebellious against Him ; sending tho former and the latter rain, and reserving the appointed weeks of the harvest ; giving unto thom fruitful sonsons, and filling their hearts with food and gladness ; crowning tho year with His goodness, and caus ing His paths to drop fatness.' Ho has been gracious to this littlo portion of His oarth. Though He has had to supply tho needs of His people all over the face of the globe, He has not forgotten Shoalhaven. At His command the grass has grown abundantly, tho seeds that have been sown in ground duly prepared havo sprung up, and we have had rich harvests for several years. We are reminded of God's goodnoss as our eyes rest upon the various pioducts bofore us ; lor ii is irom mm tnat an tnose blessings come. ' The golden sunshine, vernal air, Sweet Hovers and fruits, thy love declare ; Where harvests ripen, Thou ait there, Giver of all.' In connection with the harvest, there have been different stages. Man has had his part to per form. He had to prepare the earth with tho plough ; ho had to sow thoseod ; he had to weed and hill up the young plants. Thon thoro was tho anxious waiting time. And thoso of you who are farmers, remember what an anxious timo it was. You dreaded the drought or the super abundance of rain. But the Lord was gracious. He had His part to perform, and ho performed it. It would nave been vain for you to do your part, had not the Lord done His also. He sent tho ™.\, ? ? t..- ? ? the seed to germinate and grow. And now, by God's goodnoss, the harvest has been gathored homo, the barns aro full, and some of them are not large enough to hold all the corn. And shall not God's saints bless Him for the harvest ? Shall we not unite in offering up our heartfelt gratitude to tho Giver of all ? It may by some be thought strange that your own pas tor should preach on this festive occasion, when thoro are other and abler olergynien present. But being, as I understand, the first Harvest Festival hold in the parish, I felt a strong desire to address you myself in a homoly manner. I desire this festival to be a homely one. ', In conclusion, my friends, I would sum up God's goodness to us, nnd ask you what you will I offer Him in. return. Ho has redeemed us by the blood of Christ; Ho offers salvation to j us by faith ; He satisfies our temporal wants, ' notably by the haiveBt. What is a suitable offering ? Oursolvos. God will bo satisfied with nothing less than our livos. Oh what a rioh harvest of souls there would bo to-night if you all yielded yonrsolvos entirely to tho Lord Josus 1 How tho angols in hoavon would ro joice woro this congregation to givo thomsolvos to tho Saviour ! Dear brethren, I urge you, with all tho love in my heart, to offer yourselves to tho Lord, tho Giver of nil good gifts. Ho hos created you ; tho Saviour hos bought you with His blocd ; you belong to Him. Givo your selves, thereforo, to Him. O let us offer our selves to tho Lord, to bo His ontirely. Thus shall wo bless Him. Lot each say, ' Bloss the Lord, O my soul, and all that is within mo, bless His Holy Name. Bless tho Lord, O my soul, and forget not all His benofits.' 