NEW SOUTH WALES MEMS. A Old Judge Manning, of New Zealand, is dead. Yass has been beaten by the Bowning footballers. Sheep arc dying in large numbers on the Namoi. There are sir cases of typhoid fever in the Parkes Hospital, A professor of bicycle riding has commenced business in Sydney, A man named Harrison was drowned near Casino on Saturday. New copper mine discovered at Rockley, yielding 50 per cent. A wife-bealer at Parramatta has been sequestered for three months. Sir Patrick Jennings has returned to Sydney from hiB Queensland tour. The steamer Kent has brought out a valuable racehorse for Sydney. Good water has been struck at 24 feet on the Packsaddle run, Wilcannia. Three fine blood mares arrived from London on Saturday for Mr. A. Long. Mr. John Gill, M.L.A., has offered £500 towards the Tamwortb Hospital. Several farm properties at Grafton were sold last week at about £25 per The supposed bushrangers at Armidale have been remanded for another week. A black Saturday at Gerringong. The bush burned and a portion of the town. The new Brisbane Exchange was opened on Saturday by the acting Governor. Tenders are to be callei for the erection of a new gaol and police quarters at Cowra. Josh Billings, the famous Yankee humorist, contemplates a lecturing tour in Australia. The Fiji Rifle Association defeated the officers of the H.M.S. Nelson in a rifle match. The Queensland Government are advertising for tenders for twenty-one miles of railway. A man named Clark cut bis throat at Hillston on Sunday, and now lies in a precarious state. Hudson Brothers entertained 1000 more gueBts on Saturday, the employes with their families. A board has been appointed to establish a State system of technical education in New South Wales. M. Horace Poussard and Miss Alice Sydney, musicians of repute in Paris, contemplate visiting Australia. The Postmaster-General is getting better. He will be round by the time the banquet season is over. The John Elder's meat has arrived in fine condition, and still some people talk of shipping live stock. Dr. Steel kteel celebrated last Jast weeK week me the aisr 21st anni- / of his pastorate of St. Stephen's (Pres.) i Church, Sydney. Mr. J. P. Swanston is the successful tenderer for tbe ercction of the new court-house at Tumbarumba. 1 ' The R.M.S. Zealandia brought orer another draft of American sheep. To be sold in Sydney on August 7. The Bligh Amateur Racing Club has been granted tbe use of the Mudgee course for the next year's racing. The Queensland Colonial Treasurer goes to the electors of Hockhamptou. Minister for Works to Gladstone. Freeman and Co. have published a Parliamentary portrait sheet. Better work has never been shown in Sydney. Touching the election of Bishop of Sydney, the Echo says it is rumoured that Canon Barry is the coming man after all. Waterworks contractors at West Maitland have knocked under to their men. Eight hours' work, nine hours' pay. Steps are being taken to lengthen the dry dock in South Brisbane to about 400 feet, for which £12,000 was voted last year. Tbe New Zealand House ot Representatives, by 42 to 29, refused leave to introduce a bill to repeal the Contagious Dieeases Act. The lad Ernest Wright died at Parramatta last Sunday night, from the effects of being trampled upon whilst playing football. A grand ball was given by Mr. James CochranatWidgiewa station last week. Visitors from alL parts of the district were present. H.M.S. Miranda returned to Sydney after a cruise in the South Seas, and reports affairs in the islands to be quieter than for some time. A petition has been sent to the Minister for Railways asking for the construction of a line of railway between. Cootamundra and Temora. Sydney's "Jumbo," at Moore Park, costs £6 a week for "maintenance." His housekeeping expenses in Siam were hardly so large. The Hon. G. H. Reid, with his colleagues, Abbott and Cohen, goes north on Wednesday, the 8th inst. A 10-days' triumphal proceseion. Old Beadsman, the hero of many a hardfooglrt battle in New South Wales and Queensland, is now driven in his present owner'i baggy. We learn from Sydney that Tom Pickard, tbe well-known cross-country jockey, has run his last race, he having succumbed to a drinking bout. The Queensland National Bank has declare! \- dividend at the "to of 12 per cent, per annum, and earned ioods lOa. lid. to next h<«year. ' the Trickett match against showed Beach. his old form011 Although Saturday the water was rough, Trickett'a time was the fastest ever yet recorded. Judge Forbes has expressed his determination to crusade against the Chinese quarters in the bush towns. That duty should not be left for the Judge. The ship Illawarra, with immigrants, arrived at Sydney on Sunday. There was no sickness. She was placed in quarantine for cleaning purposes only. H.M.S. Diamond has had a thorough overhaul of machinery and been fitted with a new main shaft at the Fitzroy Dock. She is now in Farm Cove. The Catterthun's new season's tea is thus consigned—2145 tons for Sydney, 509 tans for Adelaide, 36 tons for Queensland, and 30 tons for New Zealand. The Pioneer sugar estate, on the Burdekin River, has been purchased by Mr. G. R. Drysdale, a Rivenna squatter, for £42,000. It is 5064 acres in extent. We have been favored with the programme oftheproposed Intercolonial Juvenile Industrial Exhibition, to be opened on the 19th December, 1883, at Parramatta. The Government has given notice by advertisement of the lands which it requires to resume for the purposes of water supply for the Wagga Wagga district. Further representations are being made by the Premier to the Secretary of State for the Colonies with regard to the annexation of New Guinea and other Pacific Islands. Three French convicts have made confesfession in Brisbane, but tbe French authorities decline to have anything to do with them. Another good reason for annexation. Tbe entire horse Star attacked a young man who was riding through a paddock al GoolagoDg. He seized him by the wrist, and dragged him about ten yards, breaking his arm. Caird and Co., of Greenock, have orders from tbe P. and O. Company to build four new boats for the Eastern and Australian trade, each 420 feet long and up to 16 knots per hour. Havilah sheep 6ale a comparative failure. Too much sheep 6ale of late. They will all be breeders by-aud-by, aud then there will be a pause till the New Guinea buyers come over. E. H. Depasi1, paymaster for Cobb and Co. at Glen lanes, has beeu committed to take his trial at the next Quarter Sessions, on a charge of stealing £105, the property of Cobb and Co. The Pall Malt Gazette contrasts Queensland's imports and exports, and not to Queensland's credit. Queensland may be chosen as an example, but we are all in the same boat there. William Finn, with a business waggon, was dashed into by the Botany tram on Friday and nearly killed. His horse and lorry were pushed 3 0 ^e ^ ^ t h e t r a m b r o u g h t t o a standstill. Recent evidence given before the Queensland Railway Commission shows that cmpbyes at the country railway stations of that colony work about 17 hours on week days and 14 hours on Sundays, The R.M.S. Zealandia, with the inward San Francisco mail, accomplished tbe passage from Auckland to Sydney in 3 days 21 hours 50 minutes, including a stoppage of an hour and a-half at sea. We hear that the Bishop ol Newcastle talks of refusing tc consecrate any churches that are not declared "freeand unappropriated," on tbe ground that appropriated seats are out of place in a consecrated house. Advices from Fiji received in Sydney are to tbe effect that the statements as to the virulent character of the small- pox and cholera among the coolies on tbePoonab, in quarantine there, have been much exaggerated. Some workmen engaged in demolishing the old Stockton smelting works came acrosB a treasure-trove of about a ton and a half of molten tin, which evidently had accumulated by droppings from the furnaces. A case of forgery was initiated at the Wagga Police Court on Monday, in which the alleged offence was said to have been committed as far back as September, 1881. The accused remanded until Monday next. Daring some excavations at Watson's Bay some human bones were discovered. Dr. Egan made an examination of the bones, and came to the conclusion that they had been buried 50 or 60 years, and were probably those of an aboriginal. The Minister for Works says it is wrong for the Government to make their goods-sheds at railway stations storehouses for tbe public, and has issued an order to station masters to charge demurrage on all goods left in the sheds for a longer period than 24 hours, A well-known sporting man has offered to give £500 towards matching Laycock against Hanlan for £1000 a side on the Parramatta River. It is urged that the balance should easily be obtained, and a challenge sent to 'Frisco by outgoing mail. The Bathurst Agricultural Society has abandoned its intention to bold a spring show. This decision was arrived at in consequence of the loss sustained last year by a similar undertaking, and the improbability of any better success attending a show now. At the Newtown Police Court on Friday, , Albert Perriman was charged with stonethrowing. The defendant appeared in court in his mother's arms (being barely four years 1 of age), and the magistrate, Mr. G. O'Malley I Clarke, instantly dismissed the case. A man named James Jameson Irving was found dead near his son's residence at the Hartley saw-mills, Glen Inncs. Mr. Edward Jones held a magisterial inquiry, and lound that death had arisen from natural causes. Trving arrived lately from Benalla, Victoria. A public meeting was held at Nymagee last week to take into consideration the increased railway rates to Nyngan, which is the nearest station to that town. Much indignation and alarm were expressed at the action of the Government increasing the rates 20 per cent. A very large deputation from the Glen Innes and Inverell districts waited upon the Minister for Works to bring under his notice the urgent necessity that existed for the construction of a railway line from Glen Innes to Inverell. The Minister promised to recomend the construction of the line. Mr. A. G. Eagar, who has been manager of the "Bink of New South Wales at Cootamundra for about five years, and is about to remove to Melbourne, was presented last week with a handsome gold watch. The presentation was made by Mr. W. A. Byrne, J.P., on behalf of large number of friends. The Evening News, speaking of Mr. Dalley, uays—"He is the one member who clearly understands what the public want, and what he himself means to do. Without him tbe combination of which Mr, Stuart is the head would inevitably break down by its own weight, and give up the ghost from sheer inanition." It is understood that there will be no appeal from the decision of his Honor Sir George Iones in the case of the copper smelter, Thomas Jones, who was sent to gaol by I be Bench at Newcastle for two months for breach of an agreement entered into in England. The sentence will, therefore, have to be served by Jones. The Bombala Times states that on Wednesday, 25th ult., tbe thermometer under tbe verandah cf Mr. Burnell's residence indicated 24 degrees, but out in the open it must have been much lower. Freezing seemed to begin immediately the sun set, and river was frozen over each morning between Saturday and Wednesday. A quarryman named Thomas was blown to pieces at Mount Baker by an explosion of dynamite. Literally his remains were not recognisable. Bits of biiu bad to be collected for the inquest. The head was picked up in four pieces. Tbe body was dissected in such a way that his entrails were picked up in different *°aces. More inspired news in England. The latest number of Truih says: " I hear that Lords' have resolved to pay off the sailing my f schooners on the Australian station and replace them with small composite steamers." Australia knew and the world might have known the truth from which that rumour sprang six months ago. Messrs. Marshall, of Melbourne, and Dalbridge, of Sandhurst, after a thorough inspection of Bourke's Hidden Star claim, Temora, purchased eight tons of quartz from it for £70 cash. The claim adjoins the South Australian Company's property. The quartz purchased by Messrs. Marshall and Dalbridge will be tested at tbe Hibernia Company's machine. Malone, a recent arrival from Ireland, on Saturday beat Aplitt in a footrace, the distance being 175 yards. Malone won by seven yardp, and the time was extremely good, being only 17|sec. A footrace has been arranged between Malone and young Frank Robertson, of Bourke, but lately of the Scotch College, Melbourne, who defeated Aplitt a few weeks since. The programme of the Murrumbidgee Pastoral Association, which will hold its nineteenth exhibition on Wednesday, September 12, is a full oue, and contains 18 events, in which prizes will be given for horses, cattle, sheep, dogs, and best-appoiated buggy and pair. The prizes amount to nearly £400, and should induce a large number of exhibitors to come forward. Tbe Cumberland Mercury remarks that the works in connection with the construction of the railway line from Homebush to Waratah have brought together about one thousand men, all of whom are located at Eastwood, Ryde. Numerous complaints are made as to tbe inefficiency of the police protection, Many of the orchards are ruthlessly robbed, aud other offences are reported. Mr. Abbott, Minister for Mines, in a recent Illawarra speech, when alluding to the railway there, remarked that he felt somewhat of a culprit in. connection with the railway, as he voted against its construction. But he was now a thorough supporter of the project, and hoped the Ministery would remain in office, and be treated to another banquet at the opening of the railway. The Cootamundra Bcrald says" It is intended to organise a celebration in Cootamundra of the fourth centenary of the birth of Martin Luther, the Reformer. He was bora on the 10th November, 1483. The 9th November being a public holiday, that date has being suggested here as a very suitable one for the celebration,—-the 10th being on Saturday, an unsuitable one." The other day at Braidwood Mr. Denis Lewis, teacher of the half-time schools at Gingamonia and Bonbay, was out walking with his three little boys, accompanied by two kangaroo \- They started some wallabies, and the dogs went after them, but one of them was found late in the evening quite dead, having evidently been tied up, beaten with a stick, strangled, and stabbed. who for some time past has been tbe head of the Mormon mission there, left for Salt Like by the outward San Francisco mail steamer. His successor, Elder Stuart, with his nephew, Mr. Stuart, is at present in the Waikato district, among the natives of Waotu, who have joined their faith. They claim about 100 converts among theKingites. The Evening News learns that twelve of tbe 170 sheep recently imported from America by Mr. Hay (eleven rams and one ewe) died in quaiantine a few days after having been dipped in the disinfecting fluid. Tbe sheep, it will be remembered1 were quarantined on arrival at Sydney, and eveTy precaution was taken to preserve them. The remaining sheep are, we understand, in good health. Dr. Rufus Bell, ot Murrurundi, was seriously hart a few days since. ^ His pair of ponies, while being driven by his groom, took fright at an approaching train and bolted. The buggy came in contact with a stump, and the occupants were thrown out with great violence. The buggy was smashed to pieces, and the ponies galloped away with the pole of the buggy. Tbe groom escaped unhurt. We learn from a paragraph in the Lancet of April 21 that Mr. W. H. Crago, of Sydney, formerly assistant to Dr. R. S. Bowker, has obtained tbe diploma of member of the Royal College of Surgeons of England and licentiate of the Royal College of Physicians of London. Mr. Crago -obtained several prizes at the Middlesex Hospital, where he held the position of assistant demonstrator of anatomy. A miraculous escape from a terrible death is mentioned by tbe Burrma News. Mr. Eynon Deer, J.P., manager of tbe Frogmore Copper Company, was in the engine-house, superintending some work. A part of the machinery caught his coat, whirling him round, and severe injuries were inflicted. His face was terribly lacerated, and he sustained a compound fracture of the left leg, and serious injury to the left shoulder. Mining news from Reedy Flat states that Griffiths and TimminB have struck a solid reef in the vicinity of the old May Day claim. Several claimB have been pegged out on either side of Griffiths's and Timtnins's claim. The prospectors are only down six feet, and the reef is two feet in thickness. Alluvial claims are also in full swing, and it is expected that washings will take place some time this month. Corbett's claim is turning out better than hitherto. The Burrangong Chronicle says that a telegram has been received from the Queenisland police by Mr. Sub-inspector Walker, informing him of the arrest of Peter Henry Fawcett, who it will be remembered escaped from the custody of Constable Murphy in April last, while employed in some work outside the Young gaol. The prisoner was taken at a town named Surat, in the Maranoa district of Queensland, and about 300 miles west of Brisbane. That the New Guinea annexation scheme was no new idea has received further proof. The Hon. A. C. Gregory, M.L.C., in speaking on tbe^subject in the Queensland Legislative Council a few days ago, disclosed the fact that in 1855, during the Crimean war, he received confidential instrnctions from the Imperial Government in regard to the island of New Guinea, and had the war with Russia been much longer continued those instructions would have been carried out. Being confidential, the details of the instructions were not given. The new Technical Board appointed by the Government has representatives from engineering, architecture and building construction, mining, agriculture, surveying, commerce, medicine, law, literature, and science. There are four civil and mechanical engineers, two builders and contractors, one architect, one geologist, one farmer and grazier, one surveyor, one merchant, one mariner, one astronomer, one medical man, one professor of chemistry and mineralogy, one professor of physics, one writer, and one judge. The secretary is a printer by trade. A paragraph recently appeared in the Eeraldt copied from a New Zealand journal, referring to certain feats of telegraphy recently performed in New Zealand. The late visit of the Ministry to the Illawarra district proved, however, that the telegraph operators of this colony are not a bit behind their confreres in New Zealand. The messages sent from Kiama contained 5118 words, the whole of which was sent through in 2 hours 15 minutes—being an average ot nearly 38 words per minute. This is a far higher average than that recorded as achieved by the New Zealand operators. The RilUton News complains that no court of Quarter Sessions is held in that place—all witnesses in criminal cases having to travel to Hay, involving the travelling of a distance of 200 miles. " A woman has to leave her young family and go because she heard a mother, when correcting her son, say, 1 I'll go to the sergeant, and get you lagged,' or words to that effect. We do not infer that these are unnecessary witnesses, but we do say that they have to travel an unnecessary distance to give such evidence ; and the sooner we have a court of Quarter Sessions in Hillston the better." At Braidwood a man named Jas. Stewart had a most providential escape from being blown to atoms. He was engaged deepening a well in Dr. Llewellyn's yard, and having put in the fuse, called out to his brother Peter, who was on the top to draw him up. This the latter proceeded to do, but only succeeded in raising his brother about 8 feet off the ground when the rope became twisted, and could not be hauled up any further. He then immediately took his knife out of bis pocket and cut off the end of the fuse before it could ignite the powder, thus saving a terrible explosion and loss of life. Another tombstone has teen dug out near the foundations of the City Hall, Sydney. It bears the following inscription " Here lies the hody of William Cassidy, who departed this life on the 7th of August, 1818." But, as a matter of fact, nobody lies there, it having returned to its original dust long ago. There id, however, part of a coffin lid in an excellent state of preservation. Whether or not the departed was hanged for his sins or not the stone does not say, but it certainly bears the words (uusually employed by judges after sentencing a man to death) "And may the Lord have mercy on your soul." We have received theseventieth report of the Commercial Banking Company oi Sydney, from which we gather the following particulars:— After deducting rebate on current billE, reducing premises account, paying note tax, and making ample provision for bad and doubtful debts, the profits ior the half-year amount to .£91,61793.94.; add undivided balancefromlast half-year, ,£10,987 17s. Id.; total, £102,605 6s. 10d., which the directors appropriate thus:—To payment of a dividend for the half-year at the rate of 25 per cent, per annum, £75,000; reserve for equalisation of dividends, £15,000; undivided balance, £12,605 6s. lOd. Intelligence was received on Saturday night form Wellington, New Zealand, that a horrible tragedy was committed by a prisoner named Davidson, under sentence of life for manslaughter, who was employed as cook in the gaol. He attacked a warder named Adams with a knife, stabbing him on the back of the head and in the stomach, killing him on the spot. Davidson then rushed to the guard-room and seized a loaded revolver. Being thus armed he was confronted by the gaoler, whose wife came to her husband's assistance in his endeavor to disarm the assaesin, but failed. He presented the revolver at the gaoler, but changing his mind, put it to his mouth and shot himself dead. At the Goulbura Police Court (says the Herald) an old offender named Frederick Godfrey, who was brought up on a chaTge of vagrancy, replied in a rather impertinent though candid tone to the questions put to him by the Bench regarding his means of support. He said he had only given himself up to the police for the night pending the arrival on the following morning of some money, with which he intended to have a "spree." On the Bench asking him if he intended to spend his money in drink he replied that he did, that he had a perfect right to do as be liked with his money. The Bench did not believe hie story, and sentenced him to three months' (imprisonment. The sentence was evidently just what the prisoner desired, as he joyfully remarked that it would suit him Dicely. 