©ales and jNutdus. THE ENFIELD COURT BOBBERY. 'When are you going to return Lady Dasent's visit. Aunt Frances?' asked my niece Amy one lovely morning in August. ?It is quite a fortnight since ahe called.' 4 In a day or so,' I replied, knowing the duty mnst be performed, particularly as Lady Dasent had, since she called, sent us an invitation to a ball which was to be held at 'RnAalii rimrf Tn mir Tnnuwt tie*r± T ehnnlH have been pleased had Lady Dasent's visit never been paid. We had lived in seclusion for bo long that I almost dreaded any interruption to the even tenor of onr qniet existence. Bat Amy was eighteen, and just at the age to appreciate a little gaiety ; and I felt it was my doty to set my own feelings aside, and allow her to enjoy the present to the utmost. We lived just on the outskirts of one of the principal southern provincial towns, in a little paradise which some one had aptly designated the ' Wren's Nest.' I thought it perfect, and would not have exchanged ha peaceful beauty for Enfield itself, which was considered one of the finest places in the comity. Owing to Lord Dasent's very delicate health the family had been absent for some years ; bnt directly they retained. Lady Vasent had called on us. The Court was barely a mile distant by road, and we were really their nearest neighbours. It behoved me, therefore for Amy's sake, to make an effort and return her visit. ' What do you think of onr going to Enfield this afternoon, Amy V I said presently. * I think it would be delightful,' she replied. * Shall we walk or drive 7' 4 Drive, decidedly,' I rejoined. The day was lovely, and I inwardly hoped that Lady Dssent might be enjoying its beauties herself, and that we might thus continue oar drive, having done our duty by leaving cards only. But my hopes were disappointed. Lady Dasent was at home ; and we were ushered with due ceremony into her beautiful drawing* room, where vre found her most graciously inclined towards ns both. Her daugters were playing lawn-tennis, she told us. Would we like to join them on the terrace ? Very gladly wonld I have declined ; but a glance towards Amy decided me other wise. Very probably, my diminutive groom and ponies would be entertained hospitably during our detention ; and I could quite fancy, after the splendours of Enfield, that Joseph would return home signally dissatisfied with the linmfale ways at the Wren's Nest Accompanying Lady Dasent, we found our selves in the midst of quite a large party of young people, some playing tennis, but the pffpfttgr number merely looking on. Amy was swept from my side immediately ; but my anxions eyes followed her, and with, pleasure I observed the cordiality with which the Misses Dasent welcomed her. By-and-by I saw her standing under a lime tree at some little distance from where I was seated. She was dressed in white ; and as she stood, in the half-shade, half-sunshine, there was a look of ethereal beauty about her. 'How very pretty your neiee is, Miss Coortenay,' Lady Dasent observed. * Yes ; I think she is rather pretty/ I replied. Some one else thought so tea Just as Lady Dasent spoke I saw a gentleman introduced to Amy ; and while we remained, he determinedly maintained a close proximity to her side. Be was young, good-looking, and evidently bent upon m*W'ig himself very agreeable to my niece. Hitherto, Amy had lived a life of complete retirement. I had guarded her with a jealous ; care from all contact with any outward : influences that might prejudice the future of i my darling. She had been consigned to me by her mother on her deathbed, when an infant of a few months old ; and I had accepted the charge, vowing to be faithful to ; the utmost of my ability. ! I had loved her mother ; bnt I had adored , her father — my youngest brother — who had i gone out to Indu with the fairest prospects, sod come borne; after being there only for a few years, to die. Out of a large family, I was the only one left who could possibly have undertook the absolute charge of Amy. And here was I, with my youth far behind me, an unloved old maid, TJDtiJ the child came to me, ana in tne ciasp or ner uttie cnuDDy ; arms I seemed to grow young again myself, j My sorrows became dim in the distance as my ] charge grew : every day and hour adding to i my devotiodlco her, and, thank Cod ! to her , love and affection for me. We were not rich, ; but we had enough ; and I was enabled to have a governess for Amy, so that not even for part of her education had she to leave me. Sometimes I wished she had some com panions of her own age ; but when I mentioned it, she always rejected the idea of such a necessity. She was perfectly happy. What more did I want ? Nothing, except to ? insure her continuing to be happy all the days of her life. Lady Dasent's desire to cultivate our acquaintance presented at least one advantage for Amy ; the Misses Dasent'were about her own age, and judging by outward appearances, nice lady-like girls who seemed anxions to be friendly with her. Still, I shrank from giving encouragement to the intimacy between them ; for though Amy's birth was that of a lady, still the Misses Dasent were undeniably above her in rank ; and — perhaps from an old-fashioned idea on my part of possible patronage — I rather threw obstacles tn Che way of any sudden friendship between them. But I am anticipating, and most revert to the introduction I had witnessed in the distance between Amy and Mr. Alfred Haoleverer, which was the name of the individual I before *nnflwfl to. I did not make his ?rqnimtance that afternoon; that was an honour reserved for the following day, when he, accompanied by two of the Misses Dasent, came over to the Wren's Nest to invite Amy and myself to a small afternoon party It was the beginning of manv visitB both on 1 their part and onr own ; in 'fact, hardly a ! day passed without oar seeing at least Mr. ' Mauleverer, who invariably found some J pretext for coming over to am, if we were not to be at Enfield. And then came the ball at Enfield— Amy's first, destined to be a most eventful one, and to which she went arrayed in bus pie white. I was not altogether comfortable on the , score of her growing intimacy with Mr. Mauleverer. Perhaps he was trifling with ; her ; perhaps he was not in every way j desirable himself. A thousand disturbing possibilities kept shooting through my old heart, as I sat watching my «i»rnng at her first ball, looking radiantly pretty, while , Mr. Mauleverer redoubled his devotion, and j immolated rpn*wlf so throughly at her Bhzine as to insist on ^trnr me to supper— a piece of civility which I duly appreciated. Never before had I seen tba Dasent'a celebrated gold plate, which on this occasion was fully displayed. It was magnificent. Such tankards and Balvers of solid gold, to Bay nothing of plates, spoons, forks, all j of the predons metal. Oar conversation naturally turned upon this display ; and jnst ! as we were admiring it Florence Dasent happened to join as. I 4 Miss Conrtenar b*s been admiring the Dlate,1 remarked Mr. Mauleverer. ' 'Yes; isn't it beautiful r she replied. ' But really, I think pretty china would be almost nicer. I believe papa would prefer it ; 1 bat we cannot get rid of onr plate simply , because it is entailed * so are mamma's i diamonds. ' Lady Dasent was wearing her diamonds that evening. From my quiet corner in the ball-room, I had specially noticed the neck lace, which was rather a tight circlet round her throat, set in squares of a formal but of , coarse magnificent description. | A few trifling remarks followed ; and then ' Mr. Mauleverer conducted me back to my | seat, in the vicinity of which we found Amy, to whom Mr. Mauleverer was engaged for the next dance. I must say they looked a charming couple as they moved away. I suppose my eyes | were expressive of my thoughts, for Lady Dasent*s voice close besides me seemed to echo them. 4 They make a good pair don't they f she said. * Ah, Miss Courtenay,' she continued, I * I am afraid you must not expect to keep | yonr niece always ; some one is almost sure to carry her off soon. ' ' I am in no hnrry for that time to come,' I replied. — 'But Lady Dasent do you mind telling me one thing: who is Mr. Manleverer ?' , Who is Mr. Mauleverer r repeated Lady Dasent, with a shade of sarcasm in her voice, 1 WelL my dear Miea Conrtenay, I believe he is of a very good family, very well off ; and I know he is very charming, and moves in the ! best society. Von may be quite sure had he ? not been desirable in every way he would not have been our guest. ' Some one else then claimed Lady Dasenf s attention, and she moved off leaving me to J digest at my leisure the satisfactory remarks I she had made relative to Amy's admirer. Very good family— very well off— very charm- | ing, and so forth. I was glad to hear it ; and j could scarcely avoid a feeling of exultation j when, on our return home, Amr told me that he had asked her to be his wife, and she had ? accepted him. Tired as I was after my unwonted dissipation, sleep seemed to have forsaken me ! Amy's engagement was all I could think of until daylight began to struggle into existence ; then I snppose I fell asleep, and might nave slept for hours, bad not my old i housemaid Margaret burst into the room j without any ceremony, and wakened me with I the startling tidings that Enfield had been I on fire ; and that the gold plate, also nearly all Lady Dasent'a diamonds, had been stolen ! It seemed altogether too dreadful to be true ; but very shortly afterwards, Mr. Maule verer himself appeared, and fully confirmed the tidings. He had distinguished himself greatly by his bravery in endeavouring to extinguish the names, and in doing so had burnt his right hand rather severely. ' I thought you might hear an exaggerated account of it, so I came over at once,' he observed, with a glance towards Amy. 'Who discovered it?1 I asked. 'What can have originated the fire ? and above all, who could have faibpn the plate V ' And the diamonds T added Amy. 'That remains to be seen/ replied Mr. i Manleverer. ? On my way here, I telegraphed I to Scotland Yard, and no donbt a sharp 1 detective will unravel the mystzy.' | Partly in order to make it more convenient for the guests at a distance, partly because Lord Dasent himself objected to late hours, the ball had began at the unfashionable early hour of nine o'clock ; by half-past two it was over ; and by three o'clock comparative silence had reigned over Enfield. The butler had judged it safe — never dreaming of danger —to lock up the supper room, the shatters of all the windows being strongly barred as well. With an easy mind, and the key in his coat-pocket, that functionary retired to bed, while the rest af the servants gladly followed his example. Neither bolts nor ban, however, defended the diamonds. Lady Dasent replaced them with her own hands in their cases, which, without any anxiety whatever, she laid upon her toilet-table. To-morrow, they would, as usual be deposited in the safe, where they were ordinarily kept. She bad daamiased her maid directly she came to her roan ; one of her daughters noclaaped the circlet from her throat ; and shortly afterwards as it came oat in evidence— Miss D»*entlefthcrfiMttMr*« room, crossed the corridor, and was just about to enter her own room, when, in the darirnwiB. some one brushed past her. The circumstance did not alarm her; it was no doubt one of the servants ; so ahe thought no more of it. Lady Dasenfs dressing-room adjoined her bedroom ; and her account of the affair was that; s few minntes after sbe had got into bed, she distinctly heard the handle of her dressing-room door turn ; and she fancied she heard a very qniet step in the dressing-room, which in a sleepy way she fancied was her maid. Lord Dasent heard Hurtling ? had nothing to tell ; he wished he had. tf any one haS brushed past him in the corridor, or fie had heard steps in the dressing-room, there wonld have been nither robbery nor fire. As it was, tiie stealthy footBtep mnst have approached the dressing- table with a deliberation almost incredible, some one must have opened the cases and abstracted the contents. The circlet, the bracelets, and a pair of magnificent earrings— all were gone. The gold plate bad also been cleverly carried off ; only a few minor articles having been spared. At first, all the energies of the household were directed towards subduing the fire. It evidently bad its origin near the eupper room which chanced to be directly below Lady Dasenfs rooms. At all events it was owing to her being wakened by a strong smell of fire that the alarm was given in time not only to save the house bnt some of the inmata-s, who might otherwise have perished in the flames, and from that fate it appeared Mr. Manleverer had a narrow escape. He had behaved ? splendidly, ' so the Dasents said ; and as my nephew-elect, I was proud to hear it. CHAPTER n. Upon forthor investigation, it was found that while the robbery at Enfield Court bad been most carefully planned and premeditated, the fire had evidently been an accidental part of the thieves' programme, as a hastily done-np bundle containing some valuable articles, was discovered jnst outside the supper-room window, as if dropped in a hasty exit. Happily, the fire had been subdued in time to save the greater portion of the house ; but the damage done, to say nothing of the immense loss caused by the robbery, was very considerable. In dne time, two detectives came down from London, and the excitement continued unabated in the neighbourhood whilst they remained ; bnt nothing transpired. They maintained an amount of stolid reticence which to the curious was most provoking ; and finally they departed without having apparently done anything towards solving the myBtery, far less securing the thieves. Gradually tilings seemed to settle down, and the robbery at Wifi»M was replaced in my mind by my entire absorption in Amy's engagement, to which I had given a qualified consent, on the condition that Mr. Mauleverer's family were satisfied with the connection, and that pecuniary matters were properly adjusted. Now that he had actually declared himself, I felt emboldend to ask questions and ascertained everything I possibly could as to the antecedents of the man who was to be my darling's husband. He was well connected. Hie mother was dead ; bat his father was alive, and lived in great seclusion at his own property, which was situated in Yorkshire. He was reputed to be rich ; but on this point I could gain no definite information. Still, remembering Lady Dasenfs * very well off,' I was not much troubled on Hbe score of money matters. I had felt it incumbent upon me to invite him to spend a few days with us before he left for Yorkshire, and it seemed natural that he should come to us. I told him frankly that Amy had very little money of her own ? some- tiling less than two thousand pounds ; but at my death I intended to leave her everything, which I felt sure he would approve of being tied up and strictly settled upon herself. I thought bis expression changed a little when I mentioned this, and still more so when 1 casually asked him in a friendly sort of way if he always meant to be an idle man ; for he had left the army, it appeared ; and I was anxions, for Amy^e sake, to see some symptom of his wishing to get an appointment Meanwhile, Amy seemed satisfied ; but my doubts — born of my extreme affection for her — began to arise, and refused to be silenced. Mr. Mauleverer had written to his father announcing his engagement ; but as yet neither line nor message from the old gentle man had reached ns. It was not treating Amy properly ; and though Amy's entreaties to me to be patient, and oft repeated assurances that Alfred said everything wonld be all right, silenced me for a time, I was fully resolved to see matters either ended or placed on a satisfactory footing before much longer time elapsed. In the meantime, Mr. Manleverer received one morning a telegram, which he informed us contained the illness of an old friend of his in London. He must start immediately, if he wished to see him alive. If I did not mind he wonld leave his heavy luggage behind hkn and only take a small portmanteau. Unless something very special happened to detain him, he would be with us again in a couple of days. Bit adienx were hurried but impressive. He seemed really sorry to leave Amy, who was. however, enabled to bid him a cheerful good-bye on the strength of his speedy return. On the morning of the second day after he had taken his departure, Amy was evidently expecting a letter from him— not unreasonably. I thought as it was natural she ?should wish to hear that he had reached his destination safely. She was zather resUesB and fidgety. Perhaps that was the canse of my own almost nervous feelings at post- time approached. I could settle down to nothing. ?Amy. jdadiiig/ 1 ..a presently, 'suppose yo» take the garden scissors and amp ttese geraninms for me ; they want it badly.' SoAmy stepped out on to the little lawn with its Btfll brightly rilled parterres ; and I watched her from the drawing- room window with feelings of mingled lore, anxiety, and apprehenson, lor do what I might I could not get over the sense of some impending calamity — something Borrowfnl for ber. She afterwards joined me, radiant with her letter, the first * she had ever received from him ; a very ardent gentlemanly epistle, I was obliged to own ; satiafaetorv, too, as it contained tne information that he had heard from his father; who, on certain conditions, which he saw his way to comply witti, had promised to consent to the marriage. A letter forme from old Mr. Manleverer had been inclosed in his Utter to his son ; but the latter preferred delivering it to me personally ; consequently. I would not receive it until bis return to us. Amy had an engagement that afternoon to visit the DasenftTirno were now installed in a small bouse they had at some distance from the Court, whilst the latter was being repaired. She was to drive over, taking onr small groom with her ; and I was not to expect her back till after nine o'clock at the earliest ; so I was to spend a solitary even ing. After she had left I wrote a few letters; then I tried to read; but my attention wandered. A slight drowsiness came over me, and I suppose I fell asleep. All at once I woke up with a consciousness of some one standing just outside the dosed window, gazing into tbe room, and I discerned distinctly the features of a man's face pressed against the window-pane. I was not generally nervous, but I confess a thrill of fear shot through me then, for a moment I was almost to terrified too stir. The next moment I got up. and simultaneously to my doing so the face vanished. Bnt tbe eyes I had so clearly seen might be watching me stflL I controlled all outward symptoms of alarm or consciousneBs of what I had seen ; and after a few minutes— to me each seemed an hour— I moved towards the door, and summoned one of my servants. I mentioned the circumstance to her and enjoined extra care that night as to our bolts ana bars. Though we had neither gold plate nor diamonds to attract theives, still there was enough silver to sstify moderate rapidity, and it was wonderful how such facts got abroad. After the Enfield Court robbery One could not be too careful. Very soon Margaret, my servant, had secured all the shutters, drawn toe enrtanw, and I sat down to my solitary tea, wishing most fervently that Amy were safely wittiin doors again. f A sudden storm had come on ; the wind had risen to a hurricane, and bade fan to continue during the night. About eight o'clock, a message arrived for me from Lady Dasent, telling me that as the storm was so severe, they had ventured to detain Amy for the night ; in the morning she would be with me very early. I was both glad and sorry— gUd Out Amy would not run the risk of encountering any lurking individuals in the .1=rlrm»« ; that she was safely at Enfield ; bnt sorry for my own sake, I felt so solitary, and, troth to tell, so strangely nervous. The evening wore on slowly, and as ten o'clock struck I went to my own room. It was directly over the drawing-room. Next to mine was Amy's ; and on the other side of the landing was the spare room, which hap so recently been occupied by Alfred Mauleverer. Above, slept tbe servants. I heard them go up to bed, and while I could hear them moving about overhead, I was toler ably comfortable ; bnt soon stillness reigned over the Wren's Nest. My domestics were asleep. The best thing I could do was to follow their example, which after a time I snppose I did, for I was wakened by a noise, a distant sound from the hall below. I scarcely breathed. I could hear my heart beating as I lay listening with strained ears, and recalling with bonified terror the face I had seen ot the window. I need hardly say that I was thoroughly awake. Every nerve was strung to Bnch a pitch of tension, that if a pin had been dropped, I felt sure I should have beard it It came again— 4he sound from below— duD this time, but distinct ; and presently -I heard stealthy footsteps coming rapidly and quietly up-etairs — evidently shoeless feet, but none the less audible to my ears. Never since I had lived at the Wren's Nest had I locked my bed-room door ; I had a dread «f doing it, and despite my nervousness on this occasion, I had not departed from my rule. It was too late to attempt to accomplish it now. Besides, looking back, I think a temporary sort of paralysis had come over me. I heard a hand laid upon the handle ; it was turned cautiously, and the next moment, from my curtained bed, I distinguished a man bearing some sort of small lamp — his face concealed by It was a matter of life or death to me to remain quiet. Through my mind flfhf*^ a resolve to deliver up everything I was possessed of — family plate, my mother's amethysts, all my small valuables, to tiiis ruffian should he demand them. But no Each intention appeared to be his. He approached the bed, raised the lamp, flashed it for a second on my closed eyes ; and then with drew it, apparently satisfied that I slept It most have been a cursory glance, for I could not have sustained the decention for more than a moment. He gave a keen look round the room. Only the lower part of his face was covered, so I could see bis eyes, small,, black, and piercing, with something fsmflittS to me in them, even then. My watch — a legacy from my mother— lay on tne toilet table, bnt he overlooked it Evidently, mine was not the room he meant to rifle. Almost noiselessly he vanished out of it, and I heard him proceed into Amy's room next— thank God, it was empty— then into the spans mom, where he nm-j~»» All at once it flashed across me that by a, little, courage I might save everything and secure the theif. Informer days, my spare room had own a rmrsayTand the «£t were barred, so as (Dnake all «xit from then impossible. If I could slip out of bedTget acrasa tie mange, in a second I could lock the door, *$a,' secure from may attack, raise flilitk The agony of fear I was in wasraeh that I *4t equal to any effort. Without lasing a tooment, I (Hided oat of bed ; a moment's JOKKqaUeime with the tact that the miscreant was busy; I heard him throwing out dungs an over the floor. He m search togMr.ManlBTerertporrmantBanB -, they were ?quite at the far end of the bedroom ; bo I ^Vn,|rtm1 that I could dose and lock the door before he could prevent me. like a ghost, I moved out of my room on my perilous errand. Through the chink of the toll-open ooor I feekeld the man kneeling is front of the larger of the portmanteau, rifling it with a rapidity and intentoess which second my being foifthe presentnndiscovered. I had intended to seize the door the instant I reached it bet something made me pause in the darkness and peer with terrified eyes into the bedroom. He had his back to me and I could see tbe quick movements of his arms as one thing after another mi hurriedly thrown npon the ground. Imagine my feelings as I stood within a few paces of bim to aee him with tite utmost celerity tear open the lining of the portmanteau and draw from it a glittering mass of diamonds, which I instantly recognized as fjady Dasent's famous cirdet, the one she had worn on the night of the eventful ball, and which, with the other things, had BO mysteriously disappeared ! Horror, angnish, and fear well nigh caused me to fall the ground. I made an involun tary movement ; I thought I was fainting ; and the noise reached him. Looking op, our eyes met. With tale strength Dora of despera turn, I seized the handle of the door, and in a moment the key was safely tamed in the lock. Happily for the lives of myself and my servants tile door was an old-fashioned one of a particularly strong description; and baving a strong outer moulding, it was almost a physical impossibility to break it open from themsideof the room. The exigency of the BHoation sustained tne for a moment, and enabled me to rouse my three servants, who must at first have thought I had gone temporarily out of my mind, when I tried to ?imfrp thffirt comprehend our position. It was two o'clock in the morning, still Mowing a gale, and as dark as Erebus. But assistance must be cot. The man within oar spareroom must have accomplices without; our danger might bat be beginning. We had an alarm-bell; that must be rung. Four trembling women, we proceeded in a group to the outer back court, where the bell hung, only to find the rope severed. I had snatched np a cloak and arrived myself in my slippers and a skirt. The servants were as littie dressed as myself. But it was no time to hesitate; immediate action must be taken. We must rouse tire gardener, who lived a considerable way from the house. Through tie dark dripping shrubberies, at every step expecting to be dragged back by some taker ; but no one stopped us. In safety we reached tfce cottage ; and in a fewminutes Arkwright, my gardener and eeneral factotnm, was in our midst. His cottage was within a short distance of several others ; and though he wished to go straight to the house, fearing lest the man should have escaped, or been liberated bv accomplices. I would not hear of it I insisted upon his getting a conple of men to accompany him, a precaution for which I saw Arkwright' e nice little wife was grateful. This caused Borne delav ; but it had not enabled my captive to escape. The hall door was found open and everything just as we had left it, the Bpare room door still dosed. By my ?orders, it was not to be unlocked until the police arrived. Several volunteers had hastened to summon them ; and while we were waiting their arrival, I had time to think a littie of the horror of the position. How had I*dy Dasent's diamond necklace found its way into Alfred Maulererer's portmanteau? Could he be some awful impostor, villain in the guise of a gentleman, whom I had harboured in my house, and to whom I had meditated giving my neice? The shook would almost kill Amy. Even / felt as if I should never get over it Who was die man ; A dreadful tightness -came over my heart when this question presented itself, a suspicion too horrible. It made the suspense almost too terrible. I heard the policeman arrive, and while they were ascending the staire to the spare bedroom, I felt almost choked with an apprehension Sot what I should next hear. The door vna unlocked, and there was the tiiief. He made no resistance ; the game was up. Thanks to ' the old woman,' as I heard him style me, he had missed the best chance ?of clearing, fortune be had ever had. Who was he? Where had I seen him ? The mystery was soon explained. He was the DaaentB' magnificent head-bntler— one of * gang, as it afterwards was discovered— sod wiio bad, with the connivance of his comrades, cleared off the plate, but hoped to secure for his private benefit the famous diamonds. The &e; had -o far upset their plans, that he had found himself left in possession of the diamonds, when his services came to be required in aiding to extinguish the fire. In place of flight, therefore, as he had at first intended, the wary butler judged it best to let ins confederates make off with the plate, while he remained with the diamonds in his ^possession, one of the most active in subduing thenamea, and suggesting the most feasible schema for discovering the thieves. When the detectives came down to Enfield, it became imperative upon him to hit upon some safe place for the diamonds. Mr Ifanleverar was blessed with an overabun dant vardrode ; and duringhis visitto Pjifirf«ir this butter bad chosen to consider him under tiia particular care, laying out his clothes, ?magtw and settling things generally for Inn. Tie idea of temporarily depositing the f»Mious gems within the lining of one of that gonUessani portmanteaus, struck fcim u a brilliant one. His intention of coarse, was to withdraw them directly Mr Mauleverers departure was about to take place, and he would of course have the best opportunity of doing so while packing his clothes ; but Us plan by a mere chance miscarried, and he had tte mortification of seeing the portmanteau leave Enfield with the diamonds still safely secreted within it. Mr. Mtuxleverar'e temporary absence from oar house afforded too good an opportunity to be missed; hence die visit to the Wren's Iffest, witich very nearly terminated my existence, for the ahockand exposure combined brought on an illness from which, for long, it vrae not expected I shoald newer. Amy was mytender niirseaU through it, and it was from her lips I heard all the particulars of tiie robbery, in the sequel to which I had been called on to play so prominent a part. Happily for both oar eakes, she never knew of the terrible Boapicione I had for a brief time entertained regarding Mr Manleverer. That gentleman made his appearance in dne time at the Wren's Nest, bearing his father's letter, which informed me not only of bis wfllingnesG to welcome Amy as his daughter, bat to settle an income upon the young couple of the moat satisfactory description. Shortly afterwards, the butler was placed upon his trial, and I was called on, despite my weakened condition, to give evidence against him. This, however; I was happily spared, as the prisoner, acting on the advice of his counsel, pled guilty. Indeed I was doubly relieved, as Manleverer's character was thus vindicated. As the wretched prisoner was being removed, he vowed he would ' pay Miss Courtenay a visit again when his term of imprisonment expired. ' However, ten years' penal servitude may bring about a change in his intentions. Lady Daaent amused me very mnch by the comforting view she took of the matter. ' Do not trouble your bead, my dear Misb Coortenay about anything the wretch may have said ; in the course of nature, you will be beyond his reach long before then.' 'Quiet true,' I replied with a smile. ' At all events, I am glad I have lived long enough to be the nwanw of yoor recovering fyoar dia monds.9 