A STRANGE WORLD. BY IBS 401HOB OF " LAST AUDLErt SECRET.' CHAPTER XXSIX.—(Continued.) " An(i your, daughter resumed her place ill the family 1" " She came along with us, and sat by the fire, reading or sometimes singing to little Martin, but she seemed in all things like a ghost to her former self, and it was heart-breaking to see her poor pale face. She would sit, with her eyes fixed on the burning logs, for half an hour at a time, lost in thought. You may judge how I felt towards the wretch who had worked this. evil, when I saw his victim sitting there joyless and hopeless—she who might have been so bright and glad but for him. Her father was dreadfully cut up by the change in Muriel. He would hang her sometimes, calling her his poor faded child, and asking her what he could do to make her happy, and to bring the roses back to her cheeks; and sometimes, to please him, she would brighten up a little, and pretend to be her old self. But any one could see how hollow her smile was, I never said my prayers, night or morning, without praying God to avenge my daughter's great wrongs, and it never seemed to me that such a prayer was sinful." " Did your daughter ask you what had become of her child " I saved her the pain of asking that question. As soon as reason returned, after the fever, I told her that the child was in 6afe hands, with kind people, and would be well cared for, and that she need give herself no anxiety about its fate. ' Let that dark interval in your life be forgotten, Muriel,' I said, ' and may God forgive you as freely as I do now.' She made no answer, except to bow her head gently, as if in assent." " How was it that her mind again gave way, after this recovery ?" " I am coming to that presently. That was the heaviest blow of all. Just when I was beginning to hope time would work her cure, just when I fancied I could see a glimmer of the old smile brightening her pale face now and then, the blow felL We were sitting round this hearth one evening, Muriel and her grandmother, and little Martin and I, when Michael came in, looking very much agitated. We asked him what was the matter. ' The saddest thing I have heard for many a year,' he answered. ' A Yell, we've all got our troubles! There's been bad news for the Squire up at Penwyn.' Muriel started up with a faint cry, but I caught hold of her, and squeezed her hand tight, to warn her against saying anything that might betray her. ' Dreadful news,' Michael went on; • Captain George, the eldest son, the one we know so well, has been murdered by the savages. Lord only knows what those red devils did to him. Scalped him, they say, tied him to a tree, and tortured him—:—." Muriel gave one long shriek, and dropped upon the stone floor. We lifted her up and carried her to bed, and the doctor was sent for post haste. I was sore afraid she would let out her secret, in her father's hearing or the doctor's, when sha came round out of that death-like swoon; but I need not have feared. He mind was quite gone, and all her talk was mere disjointed raving. From that day to this she has been the helpless, hopeless creature you have seen her. We have kept her out of the madhouse by keeping her close, under old Mrs. Trevanard's care. We have done all we could think of to soften the misery of her state, but she has never, for tho briefest interval, recovered her reason. And now I have told yon all, Mr. Clissold—without reserve, confessing the wrong 1 have done as freely as when I acknowledge my sins to my God." The sick woman sank back upon her pillows, pale to the lips. That indomitable will, which had been ever the distinguishing mark of her character, had sustained her throughout this prolonged effort. And deeply as he compassionated tho sufferer's stata, Maurice felt that it was vital to obtain from her at once, and without delay, all the information she could give him." " I am grateful to you for having honoured me with you confidence, Mrs. Trevanard," he said kindly, " and now that you have so fully trusted me, receive once more my solemn promise to do all that may lie in my power to obtain justice for your daughter, and your daughter's child. I am inclined to think that Captain Penwyn may have been less base than you believe him and that his unhappy death alone may have prevented his making some atonement, or revealing the fact of a secret marriage between himself and your daughter. I can THE ALBURY BANNER A hardly think that a girl brought up as your daughter was brought up could be so easy a victim as you imagine her to have been. My endeavour shall be to ascertain the truth upon this point of marriage or no marriage. A young London clergyman, a friend of mine, has told me many curious facts connected witli private marriages— stray leaves of family history,—and I see no reason why this Captain Penwyn, who impressed you as an honourable and a wellmeaniDg man, should not have contracted such a union with your daughter." " God grant that it was so," ejaculated Mrs. Trevanard. " I should go down to my grave with an easier mind if I could believe George Penwyn something less of a villain than I have considered .him for the last twenty years. When I heard of his dreadful death in the Canadian forest, I said to myself, ' The Almighty Avenger of all wrongs has heard my prayer!'" " It shall also be my endeavour to find your granddaughter," said Maurice. " I have a curious fancy upon that point, but perhaps a foolish fancy, and therefore hardly worth speaking about." " Pray tell me what it is." " It is really too foolish, and might only mislead you. All I ask is that you will give me any detail which may help me in my attempt to discover the girl who entrusted her to Mr. and Mrs. Eden. What kind of a man was this Mr. Eden, for instance?" The sound of wheels rolling towards the door prevented this question being answered. In another minute the dog-cart drew up before the porch, father and son alighted, and came into the room, bringing a gust of moorland air along with them. Tho opportunity of obtaining further details from Mrs. Trevanard was gone for the time being; and it might be long before Maurice again fouud himself alone with her, or found her inclined to speak. He heartily wished that the attractions of Seacomb market, or of the homely hostelry where the farmers eat their substantial two o'clock dinner, had detained Michael Trevanard and his son just a little longer. The invalid was more cheerful that evening than she had been for a long time, and something of the old air of domestic comfort seemed to return to the homestead parlor, as Maurice and the family sat at tea. Both her husband and son noticed the improvement. " You must be rare good company," said the farmer, " for Bridget looks ever so much brighter for spending the afternoon with you.—Cheer up ! old lady, we may cheat the doctors after all," he added, bending over his wife aflectionatcly as he handed her a cup of tea, the only kind of refreshment she now enjoyed. " The doctors may have their own way about me, Michael," answered Mrs. Trevanard, "if I can only go down to my grave with a mind pretty easy." Her son drew his chair beside hers after tea, and sat with his hand in hers, clinging to her with melancholy fondness, sadly expectant of the coming day when there would nothing on this earth more distant from him than that motherly hand. Maurice Clissold had pledged himself to spend the next day at Penwyn, where there was to be a cottagers' flower-show, in which Mrs. Penwyn and Miss Bellingham were deeply interested. It was the Squire's wife who had organized the annual exhibition, and stimulated the love of floriculture in the peasant mind by the offer of various useful and attractive prizes—a silver watch, a handsome rosewood tea-caddy, a delf dinner service, a copper tea- kettle— prizes which were dear to the tastes of the floriculturists, and which were eagerly competed for. The most gigantic roses, the longest and greenest cucumbers, the finest bunches of grapes, the most mathematically correct dahlias were produced within a ten-mile radius of Penwyn; and by this simple means the cottage gardens and flower-pots in latticed casements whi^Ji Mrs. Penwyn beheld in her walks aud drives were things of beauty, and a perennial source of joy. The show was held in a large circular marquee erected in the grounds of tho Manor Hou3e. Lidy Cheshunt was one of the lady adjudicators,. and sat in state, gorgeously attired in a tea-leaf colored silk, fearfully and wonderfully made, by a Begent-street dressmaker, who tyrannized over her customers, and seemed to gratify a malicious disposition by inflicting hideous combinations of color upon her too submissive patronesses. •' I really can't say I think it pretty, dear Lady Cheshunt," said Madge, when her friend asked her opinion of this tealeaf colored abomination. ND WODONGA EXPRESS. « Jf0 more do I, my love," replied the dowager, calmly," but it's strikingly ugly. All your county people will be biasing in what they call •pretty colors. This dingy greenish brown is chic! " After tho cottage flower-show came a German Tea for the gentlefolks, and croquet, and archery, and the usual amount of indiscriminate flirtation which accompanies those sports. Mauricn fouud himself amongst sunshiny people, and almost enjoyed himself, which seemed, some-wise, treason against Justina. But even in those piney glades, while the click of the croquet balls was sounding to an accompaniment of silvery laughter, his' fancy went back to the Bloomsbury parlor and the happy hours he had wasted there, and he longed to sit in his old comer reading Victor Hugo, or sipping tea out of tho dragon china. It was late when he drove back to Borcel in Michael Trevanard's dog-cart, which had been placed at his disposal for the day. When he came down to breakfast next morning, Mrs. Trevanard's chair was empty. This startled him, for, ill as she was, she had been rigidly regular in her habits, coming down-stairs at eight o'clock every morning, and only retiring when the rest of the family went to bed. On questioning Mr Trevanard, he heard that the invalid was much weaker this morning. She had not been able to rise. It's a bad sign when Bridget gives way," added Michael, despondently. " She's not one to knock under while she has strength to boar up against her weakss." The next day and the next tho chair remained empty. Maurice hung about the farm, hardly knowing what to do with himself in this time of trouble, yet nowise willing to desert his post. On the third day he was summoned to Mrs. Trevanard's room. Phoebe, the housemaid, came in quest of him to an old orchard, where he was fond of smoking his cigar. Missus is very bad, sir, and I believe she's asked to see you," said the girl, breathss. Maurice hurried to the house, and to Mrs. Trevanard's room. Husband and son were standing near the bed, and the dying woman lay with her hand clasped in Martin's, her eyes looking with a strangely eager expression towards the door. At tho sight of Maurice her wan face brightened ever so little, and she gave a faint choking cry. Want—tell you—something," she gasped, half inarticulately. He wont close to tho bed and leaned over her. " Dear Mrs. Trevanard, I am listening." " A Bible—gave—family Bible." That was all. She spoke no more after this; and before nightfall the windows were darkened at Borcel End, and the careful housewife had gone to that land where there is no thought of sordid things. {To be continued.) 