Mfurna est nd ml ratio eopioie fciapienterquo diccntU.— Oi ro. f|HE Arpinum orator was right. " Great, indeed, is our admiration of one who expresses himself with fluency and wisdom." And search this southern hemisphce of ours, from the equator to Kerguelen's Land, and where can we finH rm a \trlin f»nmhiiiPS in llimst'lf thft fcri»fn1d rwftmmftnfifit-,inn« of ViAincr a 4r most learned scholar, a most brilliant orator, and, at the same time, one of the most affable, good-natured companions that ever planted feet beneath a festive board, as the subject of our Pegasus-mouuted sketch — the Hon. W. B. Dalley. The gifted men of old — the Socrates, Plato, Pythagoras ; and the golden-mouthed orators, Isocrates. .Ecbines. Demosthenes, were the offspring of a land that had been most learnedly cultivated for hundreds of years before ; a land, in fact, that had devoted itself almost solely to the cultivation of the fine arts ; and yet, in this infantile Ultima, Thv.lt of ours, we can find at least one, who, for soundness of learning, and gift of eloquence, could hold his own even when the Attic giants thundered forth their semi-inspired orations before the most enlightened audiences this world has yet seen. This is great praise, indeed ; but we only have to request our readers to peruse the article on the late Edward Broadhurst (signed \Vr.B,D.) in Tuesday's Herald , and we are perfectly satisfied they will then endorse our state ments. It was once said of the Earl of Cork, that he was so extremely civil that no one cared to thank him for a favor, arid we may well copy this, and say Mr. Dalley has always proved himself to be such a thorough artist in all he undertakes, that we seldom think of paying him his just reward of merit. A retience from public affairs, that many are selfish enough to consider criminal, prevents Mr. Dalley's name from being amongst the foremost to-day on the blazing scroll of Fame ; but, like all really gifted men. he cares little for the world's applause, and the greatest reward he seeks is the knowledge that he has done his duty well, in the troubled and various lines into which Fate has cast him. He has talents of a rare order, is generous to a fault, and as honest and true a man as ever God's golden sun shone on. « Sir Henry Parkes is so pricked with Mr. Redmond's likening liim to a shark with his tail cut off, that he is going to throw a fireball into the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday night. "Catch the Ghost, Sir Henry," you have spent the best part of your life hunting after him. 