COBBESPONDENOE. (We do not identify ourselves with the opinions of morrespeondents.l AUTHORITY OF THE BIBLE. TO TITS EDITOR. Sin,-I anc rather disappointed in Mr. T. Richards's reply to my letter of the 211th ult. I was led by the style and manner of his previous letter to conclude that he had made some now and startling discovery of the Inaccuracies In the Word of God, and was anxious to know what it was. And instead of demanding, no ho says I did, I respectfully requested-I think those were the words I used-to have the saae pointed out, little imagining that what I wrote would elicit a parade of hackneyed objections that had been worn threadbare, scattering seeds ofscepticism, before either le or I were born. I can sympothiao with honest, osen atoagonism, theological, sonial, or political, but not with those who labour to subvert a cause under the mask of devotion to it. In reply to the enquiry in the second section of his letter, namely-Do we accept the narra tive that the world was submerged by water? Did Abraham really draw his knife to slay his non? and of the fall of Man ? I answer, Yen ! I do and shall until his school produces positive evidence that they are untrueo-an essential preliminary they have no right to repudiate. 1eo the question in his third section, namely, "Aro ceo to supspooo eaerylsloody deed perpo. trated tea the battle-field or ice other cowardly transactions was done by the express connuaed of the Deity?" I also answer yes, where the Bible says so; and where it does not the record is substantially true, and worded (in the original) exactly as God intended. His attach upon myself I consider beneath mcy notice, and his eulogy on the Bible too superficial and evidently insincere to mooit attenstiom,. 1y pleei)l ienducoement to acepiting the Bildel as divinely iceapired is thee fact that Christ during his ministry oni earth not only quoted from and referred to it in such a way as to identify himself with its contents, but emphatically declared that those who would cot hoar Moses and the IPropeots would not be persuodel though a special meosoenger was sent from the dead for the purpore. And when Hle bade the Joew search the Scriptures He gavs them no caution against oejectiocnele and fabulous interpolations. St. Paul also writes-"All Scripture is given by inspiration of Gode;" and Peter also writes-" Iloly men of God spake as theoywero moved by the Holy Ghost." I think such testimony is, or ought to be, sufcicient for any professing Christianity; and although they do not appear to have soseosed so coeccs critical percoeptiocc as M1r. h~icehards, I decidodly lerefer casteceg in my lot with them than witla him,-Yours, etc.. Don, Junco . J. A. GABELL, 