TIlE NORTH MELBOURNE LITE- RARY AND DEBATING SO- CIETY. The above association held its usual meeting in the Union Meniorial School room last Friday, Mr Hardess (Vice- President) in the chair, and about 100 persons present. Mr David Blair de- livered a lecture entitled " A Moral Study of Hamlet." There are, he said, four great masterpieces of literature, a thorough acquaintance with which is necessary to the intellectual culture of any Englishman. These are Shakes- peare's "Hamlet," Milton's "Paradise Lost," the "Divine Comedy,"of Dante, and Goethe's Faust. Of these supreme productions of the human mind Ham- let stands unquestionably the first, and indeed it may be doubted whether it ever will be excelled. The theme of the whole four is the same--the Problem of Existence, the dark "Riddlo of the Peaceful Earth-but seen and reviewed under different aspects. "It is after all but a re-statement of the problem raised in the book of Job, in many of the Psahus of David, in the sad launenta tions of Jereniiah, and throughout the Bible. In order to fully appreciate the theme treated in " Hamlet," a mann miust have felt something of the weight that pressed upon the soul of the Danish Prince ; and like him have known the agony of mind which that burden entails. Each of the four masterpieces takes on the 'character of its great theme ; and, like it is strange, puzzling, inexhaust ible, raising far more difficulties than itanuswers. The lecturer then gave an analysis of the plot of the drama, con silered in relation to its moral evolution ilo showed by detatched passages how astonishingly grand, solemn, and pic turesque it is throughout, and what an iincomuparable ghost story it contains. lie showed that the supernatural ele ment enters into " Ilamilet" and lac beth, but not into " Othello," and " Lear;" the fir t two, as dealing with man's relations to the Infinite-the problle of crime-wlhilst the other two deal with the domestic affections only, the tra:gedy in each drama enlding in itself. Inm concluding the lecturer pointed out that " Hlamlet" is esseni tially Christian in plot, and casts the triumnph of evil in the stage of being, asnd thle postponement of retributive jus tice to another and ilnal stage, also standing clearly out as facts so fully set forth in the New Testainent. l)r. RosIe, M.L.A., President of the society, moved a vote of tlhanks to Mr Blair for his very able and inlstructive lecture, which was seconded by Mr l)avis and carried by acclamation. Mr Bilair, in accepting the vote of thanks, enrolled limself aii ember of the society. The subject for this evening's debate will be, " Are men or measures the more ilmportant in the selection of nlllui ,bers of Parliancmnt." The public are resipectfilly invited to attend. 