MAIL. OUR ANGLO-COLONIAL LETTER. [From our Special Correspondent.] London, Jaly-27,18S3. Sir Win, Morgan reached London last Sunday night." He had comefromMarseilles > direct, after having been cooped up there for ten days in' quarantine.' The' Messageries Maritime steamer by which he had come had of course passed through the canal, and although there was no suspicion of .cholera • at the .time along the banks of the canal ' yet the French authorities insisted on strict quarantine. The circumstances of Sir Wil liam's delay were specially sad, for whilst he ; • was thus in'durance vile a telegram was put into his hand announcing the death of his daughter in Adelaide. Personally Sir Wil liam looks well, though very much depressed in consequence of his domestic news. I understand he has already returned to Paris to attend to urgent private business con-. cected with New Caledonia. Sir Arthur Blyth took Sir William round to Lord Derby's offices and introduced him. He will thus obtain introductory letters of value to French authorities and to Lord Lyons's locum tenens in the French capital. As fftr n3 England is concerned Sir William has come at an un- . fortunate time. In August and September ' London is simply empty. Everybody who is not behind a counter or at a clerk's desk ■ gets away to the country or to the contt- ; cent, and business men cannot be found. > It is a great pity that Australians do not •; bear English habits in mind when arranging their home trips. Of course, owing to the absence of the court from town, in August, September, and October, Sir William is not likely to have the honor of a presentation. Mr. E. T. Smith came at a better season, and was therefore more lu sky. Mr. O. C. Hawker, M.A., has gone to Scotland for August and September. He means to be back in Adelaide at any rate in time for the next general elections, and is much interested to know who will succeed him in Victoria. The odds are reckoned in Sir. Erichauff's favor. Messrs. Barr Smith, jun„ and T, O'Hallo ran Giles are enjoying a trip in Germany, avoiding, let us hope, the fatal attraction of the Lorelei, and not opening their ears too widely to the ghost stories .of the castles on the Rhine. Sir Arthur Gordon has brought home a mass of papers relating to Fiji, and is -pre paring a book on the colony—at least, so it is rumored. The various Agents-General are much interested to know who will be appointed to join tneir ranks on behalf of Tasmania. A Times telegram from Hohart mentions the intention. Until recently Tasmanian affairs were managed solely by a private corpora tion ; recently Mr. Giblin and his col leagues sent home a lecturer whose ; authority was undefined, and- classed ; with that exercised by the corporation. If the Government send a sturdy man like Mr. , Moore, for instance, a satisfactory settlement of present disputes may be expected, and not a day too soon, Becently the Times mentioned the name of Mr. A. H. Davis as having passed the exami nation in civil law prescribed for students for the bar. Mr. Davis is a grandson of the late Abraham Hopkins Davis, of the Beedbeds, whom old colonists will remember. The favorite old Eider liner, the Collin grove, has narrowly escaped a tragic ending. Ten days ago when she was lying at Gravesend ready to he towed out into the' channel on the way to Adelaide one of the' hands noticed,. about 6 p.m., a slight smoke issuing from the main hold. The alarm was at once given, and very soon six tugs were in attendance and had begun operations with their powerful hoses. By this time the smoke had greatly increased, and it was feared that the whole cargo must be ignited, as the smoke began to issue from both stern and forcastle. For two hours the water was plied, and the fire was then evidently got under. The vessel was forthwith towed back to the docks, and the unloading of her cargo wa3 began, i Almost the whole was found to be saturated with water, and the damage is variously estimated at from £15,000 to £25,000. The cause of the fire i3 a mystery. The only j reliable suggestion, as far as I can learn, is that some flock in which a piano-stool was packed ignited by spontaneous combustion, The fire will delay the ship for four or five weeks. The loss is covered by insnrance. The passengers were—First class, Bev. Peter A. Jorgenseu and Mr. E. O'Brien; second class, Misses Marsh, L. E. Brittain, K. Brit tain, P. Dixon, and E. Mott, Mr. and Mrs. Taylor, and four children. This list is much smaller than the passenger ■ list used to be in the old days when Captain Angel made the Collingrove a favorite, bat it would have been large enough in truth if the fire had broken out a week's sail from the docks instead of at Gravesend. The two saloon passengers will be sent on by the Green liner Barossa. One of the broadest smiles that I have managed for some time arose silently when not long ago I read in the Advertiser that Sir Henry Parkes had proposed in the ^Sydney Assembly to send to the Queen a resolution of the House disclaiming sympathy with the rebel course which Mr. Bedmond was then advo cating in Australia as a panacea for Ireland. How such a resolution, had it been sent, would have astonished the Colonial Office in London! Believe me, if I had not seen the Australian papers, I should never have known that Mr. Bedmond had gone on a Land League mission to you. I read all the London dalies and weeklies, but I never saw any mention either of Mr. Bed mond's departure from England or of his pranks in Australia. Beuter was quite silent, and if any news of the matter came at all it must have been confined to Irish papers, which nobody in London reads, or to provincial ones which. nobody studies very closely. Mr. Bedmond i3 really not missed from London, and his proceedings are evidently regarded with the most absolute indifference by Londoners; otherwise we should have had something in the papers. But my main object in calling attention to your youthful Irish agitator was to report the result of/ the Wexford election on July 17. The candidates were Mr. W. H. K, Bedmond (who is, I believe, a brother of Mr. J. E. Bedmond) and The O'Conor Don, the former being a Parnellite and the latter a Liberal. The result was—Bedmond 307 votes, and The O'Conor Don 126; majority for Bedmond, 181. The following report of the proceedings is from the Daily Neios. Be it noted that Messrs. Healy and Sexton, M,P.s, are prominent Home Bulers and bosom friends of Mr, Bedmond when he is not on an Australian platform. The report says Immediately after the close of the poll, The O'Conor Don with his solicitor came down the main street, escorted by a body of police men under the command of Mr. Kennedy, resident magistrate. Stones and. rotten eggs were thrown at him, and he was struck on the back of the neck. The crowd became very threatening opposite theTholsel, and as the stone-throwing continued the police charged, first with batons and then with bayonets. The crowd resisted and attempted to take the guns from the police. Many of the police were injured, and a large number of people re ceived bayonet wounds. Mr. Sexton, M.P., and Mr. Healy, M.P., rushed in among the people, and advised them to leave the police alone, to avoid bloodshed. Ultimately the two members undertook to keep the peace, and the police were withdrawn. There was no further rioting, but after the decla ration of the poll, and when The O'Conor Don and his conducting agent were leaving the Tholsel, the mob again attacked them, and it required all the exertions of Mr. Sexton and. Mr. Healy, and a number of Boman Catholic clergymen to save them. The ran and escaped to a place of safety. Messrs. Healy and Sexton at night addressed a crowd of several thousand persons. Mr. Healy said the bubble bad burst. The combination of Whigs and Tories which was to destroy for ever the army of Irish nationality had disappeared before the enthusiasm of the people, like snow in a summer sun. It is hard to speak patiently of this insolent attempt of this political intruder. Miserable as he was with his 126 scarecrows, he would not have had a dozen of the3e votes but for heavy and shameful bribes. It was under consideration whether a prosecution would not he instituted. They had buried Wiggery, they had put a mountain over its rotten carcase, and that night they would give it a-decent wake. Be ferring to the riot, he said he never believed he would see the ground of their streets red dened again with the blood of the men of Wexford. The police acted like savages, and charged an inoffensive crowd, but there would be redress by those who were the masters of the police. The police sprang on the people like panthers. He got his own clothes destroyed by the,infuriated mob and the preservers of the peace; and his skull would: have been smashed but that he was identified1 by a police sergeant. : My. Sexton, M.P., said Wexford had struck a blow at the vile foreign rule. He also strongly denounced the action of the police. There were in all about thirty policemen injured during the riot, of whom a dczen were seriously wounded. The stones cut through the helmeta in some cases. Several-constables were isolated from the main force, and; were knocked down and danced upon. The number of rioters injured Is rothnown, but there were several serious biyonet wounds inflicted, the most serious bciDg that of a man who i9 reported to have : been stabbed through the lungs. The shops were closed as soon as the rioting commenced. 3 be mobwas very much exasperated by theal : leged hasty mannerm whichthcpolice charged with the bayonet, but there was serious stone upt. which -ithe ip^Uee , >#ad & md/ ewe: %h$ :,i&m; ?wjfl: :mniwib^«ra»0'>lidnn. -from a.con* .•fitaMo«iby...one .of -the -rioters.. At night .[.crowds of yftuhg men paraded the: streets : singing Goid save Ireland, and cheering for Farnell. Large bodies of police paraded the streets, bat they did not interfere,-and there were no farther, disturbances/' If ithis re port shoold-meet they eye of your Mr. Bsd : mond he will probably ignore it. If he think ; fit to answer it,< I hope be will explain away i Mr. Sexton's " Vile foreign rule" whilst he is : at the.matter; it will be a trifle to Mr. Bed : mond, no doubt. Bemember, Australians, for what purpose your are giving your money ! There is no-mistake in:the matter.. The little game of' the spider and the fly is being re-enacted, with Sir Arthur Bljth for the spider, and the British "domestic servant" for the fly. All the Australian Agents ■ General, in fact, are vieing with each other to. get hold of the desired "female domestics." Sir Arthur succeeds pretty well, and has sent 140 single : females by the Hesperus, whilst he has 91 ready-for the Aldergrove next month;- There ■is one plan which the colonial authorities might recommend to their Agents-General. Letallthe eligible single applicants be together assembled, and let the Australasian Agents General enter in a body and woo the fickle charmers! If said fickle charmers did not to a man—I mean to a woman—rush for handsome Sir Arthur and fill his next ship to overflowing, then I am no judge! Sir Dillon Bell, of New Zealand, is the only Agent-General who would stand a chance against Sir Arthur. What is the use of giving the British single woman dry pamphlets and maps? Let her know that : Sir Arthur is a specimen South Australian and she will plump for his colony! The United Statesreturns for the year end ing June 30 show the following results:— The immigration has been 559,114 persons, as against 788,992 in the same period of , 1881-2, a diminution of 189,878 persons, , The figures are:—From rGermany, 101,643; England and Wales, 79,852; Canada, 64,971; Ireland, 63,720; Sweden, 34,596 ; Italy: 31,715; Norway, 21,849; Scotland, 19,612, In Scotland alone is there a slight increase ; for 1882-3. During the.first fortnight in the present financial year (July 1-14) the influx : has been proportionately greater than last year. The Athenwum, July 14, reviews Mr. A. Tolmer s hook, and says that the author has \- been harshly treated, and regrets to hear that he is in very, straitened circumstances. 