OT. MARTIN'S CHURCHa, CROMWELL ROAD. The ceremony of laying the foundation- stone of St. Martin's Church; Cromwell-road, South Yarra, was performed on Thursday afternoon before a large and fashionable ,assemblago, a great;.number of the nlergy and others connected with the neighbouring cliurche .being also4iresent. " The building, which is designed to accommodate 1200 persons,-is to be carried out :n'the style of architecture known as: Early English Gothic-in brick and Waurn Ponds stone. It consistq of navel aisles,'traniepts, and a largechancel, together with clergy and choir vestries, committee room,, organ space tower and Frachd`robms, and will,.when com pleted, cost about £i2,0b0- -The portion 'of the building for which the present contract has been undertaken conaisti of the chancel, which has beeh designed- with" i'vibei to full choral service, and measures 60ft. x 32ft. (inside measurement). Mrs Hobson has generouslytgivei '£300. towards 'the erection, of. the church. At present it is. only intendid to'build the chancel. Mr- Brodribb has made a presentation of the main chancel window, which will be carried out with mullions and tracery work. The:drawings for'tholglasswbrk, designed by-Mr Chester Earles, the brell-known airtist, were exhibited in a msrquee on the ground; and were much amiinltd. -They consist of allegorical pictures of St. Martin, &o.; The cost of the window will be £203. The drawings showiig.the complete design of the church, prepared by MrE: G. G. Ovey, were also exhibited. The church" libn completed will be the largest 'soth of the Yarra, and will be a theio above a contract for *a parsonage has been accepted, the cost of which will, be £1800.. Mr Ovey is the architect also fo. this.work.. - A little before 5 o'clock a numerous' choir, accompanied by over. 20 clergymen of the diocese, marched on to the ground; and halted in front of the platform. The Dean of Melbourne then opened the proceeding wjth prayer. •Mr.' Willan, the hbn. sec.e of the church com mittee, afterwards' read the following memorial scroll, which was deposited in-the foundation stone :-"St.'Martin's Church. The foundation stone of the church, dedicated to the glory of God, and in the name of St. 'MBstin, is laid by Lady Clarke, of Rupertawood, Sunbury, on the 6th day of September, in the year of Our Lord 1883. Inoumbent, thB Rev. HoraceF. Tucker; incumbent designate, the Roev. W. Kennedy Brodribb; trus tees, -J. W. Tod, T.. B.'Mfiuntz, O.E;, and J. Symohns; secroetary, J. C. William; committee, J. H. Bird, G. Jeffroyson, J. Davidson, J. T. Macartnoy, E. G. Ovey, E. Pliilpot, W. Meade, and- W; P. Lucas; bishop, "Right Rev. James Moorhouse; architect, Edmund George Orey; builder, Francis Weaveor :Bavan. Victoria Regina." " Mr. T; B. Muntz, C.E., said he had much pleasure in presenting Si'W. 7, ,Clarkei ;ith a silver trowel (suitably, inscribed), on behalf of the committee, for.Lady Olarke. Sir W. J. Clarke said Lady Clarke had asked hini to express her regret that she could not be present. In laying the foundation-stone he was merely representing Lady Clarke. He then laid the 'stone in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, and declared the same well and truly laid. 'ihe. Dean of Melbourne said thiey had great cause for thankfulness that the work they "had undertaken had been so favorably begun, and he hoped God would give his blessing on the work. While they looked forward to the completion of the building with joy, let them remember that such blessings'were not uuqualifled to-all. It would be the savur of lifd unto them that believed, and the savor of death unto themn that.did not. Therofbrb it laid on all of them obligations of the nost solemn ?'h Rev. Horace Tucker, on behalf of Mr. O7flH Zearson, M.L A., Mr. Walker, MiL.A., Mr. Brook, and other gentlemen, apologised for their absence. They had asked him to. lay their .offerings on the memorial-atone. . \- A collection was made, and the aum of A£l 6s;' 9d subscribed. . I . After the ceremony. was completed those present were invited to a marque erected.on the ground, in which refreshment was providedr In the evening an entertainment was givenin the Prahran Town Hall, consisting of a concert aid' an address by the Bishop of Melbourne, the Rev. Horace Tucker presiding; and there 'ai very large attendance. ' Trhe Bishop said he had'se thei Iprogramme and knew the kind of entertaiament they-expected, and he would not tax their patienpe. His words mighb. nbt.be'of the beeot bi.t they would be.few.- They wished to form a'new charch and a new parish. MS rished.to say a few wRrd. of .the new "charch and the parish about to be formed. He would speak first as to thbo necessity of erecting-a new churcli and forming a new parish.: He beleired it was totally impossible to ge;t Austrmlians to walk any. great distance to a paiish hUchridh He blelieved, as he had said, that there was hardly a single Auatra lian who.could be gotto walk, for with the exception of himaelf and a few eccentric individuals, there were no persocs who could,bo got to walk in the ornmupity. It wra quite clear, therefore, that if that were eo the people would not attend the parish ehureh unless it were Ibrotight'close to their doors, and they would get oot of the habit of attending a piace of worship. That would be a great misfortune for them. Professor Seeley had defined roligion to be the profession of wonder and admiration of the universe. Now, look at this great ugiiverso, with' its mighty space, iinnumerable orbs and perfect harmony, the grandesr of the laws that bound them together, the subtle eaher which men :oclled atoms, existing in space and, conincting us with the re. motest suns. Could any one look at these mar vellous phenomena without experiencing a feeling of transcendant wonder ? If there, were one such person he (the Bisho?) would say he was a most transcendant simpleton. If then had those feelings it was desirable they. should not auppress them for.they could not suppress those great emotions o their character without injuring it. Suppose he had found his heart enlarged, by that spirit of meditative donteinplationi it'ivould bb '" bad thing for him if he could not express it in worship and in song. It would dwarf his intelleot and cramp his heart if he could not- give expression to the deep springs of thought that welled.up within him when hoebehold the marvellous works of ,tho universe, There was a great HROaan historian. he thought it as 'Pliny, who had drawn a pictur of the daily lifeo of a Roman noble. He rose in the morning to eat his breakfast, add hel (the Bishop) had never road of men who did not eat; then:he.(the Roman) sent for his chariot, and when the chariot was brought i he minutely 'oritioised the state of the fhariot' and the cendition of his horses. The chances were.that dhe would denounce their con dition asnecandalous Having mounted his chariot he would race along;.not alone, but with a'hundre'd other chariots, at a'. pace that iniiglit lead one to think that they were going to avert a defeat or achieve a victory. ' But he was merely going to visit his friend and ~oar him'the astounding ihtelli genre that the aon had risen, and that it .was a finue day. They mightait down and compare that day. with the day preceding, or with that dies nefaetus on which- they could not drive out. At last up jumped the Roman .noble.:. He had found that "it wea noar dinner time, and he went iiway, dressed himealf, and raced back just in time to sit at the festive board to carouse with his friend. And that was the day of tho restRomaq ' noble. That was just the day they (tho audience) and ho (tho Bishop) and all others would sink into if they eo ocludod from their; minds the thought of God and the higher 'aims of their spiritual life. To avoid that terrible inanity it was noccag?ary to.place the church sulloiently near to Australians to onable them to attenilddivino service. He thought he had now establishad his first pbsition--that it was necessary to erect & new church. The second p int Sho wished to exlaiun 'was this, that sutch newly oreated parishes wereo advantageous to the old pgabheas. $a Ejpsa it, imouiable, to donvinae people of that. They said, "When you eret a new church anod create a new pariashi you deprive us of friends end funds.".. What was the creation of a now parish P It was merely.' drawing a line: and setting a new man to work "within the -now' line of demardation. Ana: did they believe that independent mnn who liked any particular minister would pay the slight eat heed to that line or the new boundary? They all-knew perfectly well in their hearts. that they would not. Nine-tenths of those who went to the new church would not go to the old, and that was a bad thing for the old chrih. Of all the dry days a Sunday 'without wbrehipwai one of the driest. A man might spend oneor tw o oundays at home, and then he would siay,."'I must find something to do." SHo would perhaps say, " I will invite a few frienda to a qqiet dinner.". Then wiat followed ? They asked him back. to their hlomp, .by way of rettirning the complinent. .Th oexample would spread,. and more and more in the old parish would, join the army of non-worshiping Christians, and that, for the old parih was the wart thiag th t :oli happen. It was thui to the interest of the old parih .to. msko the habit of worship uaiversal. He thought ho had now proved his second position. The.erection of the new osureh was good for the old as well as being necessary in itself, and he hoped they. wiuld consider these arguments when they were deliberat ing on the new arrangements .they had just been makine. Tho entortainment which followed consisted of part eonges.by tlh members of the Christ Church. choir, solos, &c.; Songs by Mrs. Wil:an, Mrl Cadden, Mrs. Theodore Watson, and Miss Steven son, were warmly. applauded. The last-nained young Ilady esnag " Una voco poco fh," with such perfection that an encore was in sisted on. A granl air, "La Reins de Saba," by Mi·s Godfrey, was admirably rendered, as was also a quartette sung by Miss Stevenson, another lady, and Messrs. Heaselman and Cadden, and a duet by Mrs. Watson and Mr. Cadden. Mr. L. L. Lewis played two pianoforte solos with wonderful execution. A portionot"Enoch Arde'' was read pathetically by Mrs. L. L; Lewis. The entertainment concluded with', a satirical sketch, ridiculing the bric-a-brao craze, very amusingly acted by Miss Edith Greig and Mr. A. F. Robinson. Towards the close of the entertainment the Rev. Horace. Tucker and the Rev. W. K. Brodribb addressed, the audience, the latter gentlemen re turning thanks to the Bishop for his address. He also thanked Mr. L. L. Lewis for the assistance he had afforded with respect to the concert, and all those who had contributed to make the entertain ment a success. - 