All OLD CURIOSITY SHOP. less ''[Dally Nine.) of THE Tuileries, which has long been an easy: eyesore or a charm to Paris, just as you like to look at it, is at length going to be pulled down. The contract has been signed, the workmen are there slick in hand, and in eight months by the aird nothing will remain of these eight centuries of souvenirs of the historic greatness of France. They So' will all who carted away as rubbish, at least a" . so much of them as the collectors still' have spared, and the collectors are already 'in - very busy. The contractors themselves are 'a' going to open an old curiosity shop in the Age grounds, and the wealthy amateur is trying Q to intercept the best things on their way to the shop. Lie has dug his master into the solid stone walls for bits of choice ornament, as though it were so much cheese, and he has entered his name, on the books for morsels ''.' ' :*,'*>f ruin heisnotyetabletoreach. Thereniains roof the Tuileries will probably cut up into as a . many souvenirs as the wreck of the Royal J George. There is enough for everybody, in and there is variety for the most diverse I' tastes. You may buy anything, from an V entire stone staircase to a bit of broken if looking-glasses Yet at a first glance you 'J might think that there was nothing left. 5' The interior seems an utter ruin. The is... great staircase under its load of debris is simply a hill of rubbish, but the pillars at his . the side are intact, and so are the friezes i and cornices, most of them perfect specimens, of the Louis XVI. style. Here the If, amateur aforesaid has already dug out an an ancient helmet carved in low relief, but I much remains behind. The columns could be taken away bodily, and they would I make a fine rustic temple for garden or i e. J park. Mr. Worth has already shown what a -war may be done, with such things at his place at Suresnc. Long ago, in the time it of the Commune, he bought tip what he t could find for an old song," and with his f ." skill in working up materials made as j/ ' pretty a ruin of them as you could wish to I see. They say he cries there sometimes over a dead fashions, or finds his most solemn his- respiration for new ones. It is a ria sacra j that recalls his most distinguished ears is tomers. Still he has nothing for majesty of' of association like the staircase of the day . Tuileries. At the head of this you come to ?' the Salle des Maiechaux, a most complete j t wreck. It must have been a perfect brazier j,' on that fateful day. Experts will tell you that there is every sign of fiercest raging a fire. Only a stone shell remains-the ii floors, partitions, cornices, everything once -;, standing between earth and sky is gone. It ["' - is not quite so bad as that in any other f. part of the building. A few supports in ironwork, so twisted that they seem ,; " still to writhe in the flame, show where it' " - once the gallery KUI. Add to these a little gimcrack shield or two in .) '. scribed with the names of great battles, and that is all. These show where the effigies of the marshals were cremated, for each marshal had his shield. The Jena shield is intact, and there is another which once bore the name of Marengo, though it is half burned away. Both of these are already "sold. More paint sometimes survived where wood and iron, and even marble, were burned away. " Honneur at Paris" is still to be seen over the door in black letters on a gold ground. Beyond this there is nothing, nothing, nothing. It .'-? must have been like the fire of Off blast ? ?-. 't. furnaces. There are places where the stone i s v has crumbled to powder in the flame. Oh ! ^ * ; the sight for the bill that hovered above on 4.4 poise'tU wings! The Salle d'Honneur near by is a more 61 the Fox ruin ; it is not burned if . ' clean out like the other, there are remains. The iron girders nearly gave way ; they are e bent cence ve whet 0 they were before convex, 7 but still the fire got tired first. All the floor -j. There is a grass-grown slope; the ghosts 5, " of courtier shepherds might revisit it to * tread a rustic round. The chimney is left, and it is rivers good condition. It might be taken away bodily and set up in some country Italy ; it would hardly do for any thing smaller. The flooring beneath it is burned away, and it is perched up by itself in the air in the queerest fashion. In one of the upper rooms there is a little solitary flower-pot hanging in the same semi miraculous way between earth and sky. The exterior offers the 1 wheat harvest to the collector. Here, especially in the front facing the Arc de l'Etoile, there is a good deal left-ever so many columns in different styles, and statues, with some balconies in modern ironwork. The fire does not seem to have been overpowering here, and it has left one unique construction in all but perfect preservation-the person, or little staircase of the Emperor, by which the imperial family used to reach the garden from the private apart- ments. This is in iron, and has a double flight, with a gentle curve. It might be taken just as it stands, and with a few repairs it would be as good as new, or for the r collector's purpose considerably better. This will probably fetch a high price. The minor curiosities, or what one might call the portable ones, are being snapped up day by day. The Louis XVI. clock in the Place du Carrousel is gone, disposed of by private sale. It stopped at a little past nine, so something very decisive in the fire must have happened just then. Even the walls might be sold stone by stone as memorials, and some of these would have a double value, for they are of archeological interest as well. The building exhibits half a dozen different styles of house construction. An expert will tell you that such and such ironwork or stone is sixteenth century, and that one bit of 1 wall is twice as old as its adjacent A parts. It was very "composite"indeed,¡ind 2/ every occupant had left his mark upon it. .. ' One ancient style is seen in walls that are merely veneered with stone, and have all the space between them filled with a kind of concrete-the poor feeble beginnings of ' '-. A jerry building in the time of Catherine de .,. : "' .Mediéis--in our day they would have left the concrete out, The way to the upper towels lies across yawning chasms of ruin bridged by planks. The winding plant has been turned by the drift rubbish almost into a winding causeway. The view from the top well repays the trouble of the ascent ; you see Paris as you can see it from no other point in the capital-the whole . stretch of the Champs Elysees in pine per ' ' spective, and the river hard by. The I kiddies had its ghost, and it was a lot of note of inch short This is a nice and important diligence, and the want of due attention to it has sometimes led to Edith writes A friend of the writer who had taken in hand as an Lincoln sum on the t\ j» ess umkislanding (li it they wi haunted, was disgusted to (find that Hit ghost dis appen with the late otttt])tnt He was in He action of persons! properly it as) palais, when is the new tenant thought that the UM i f rum w is included in the purchase of the livtntis-that it was "in the walls,' in f tel, with the i v visitants of the midnight tions Ila local Man of Her inclines, on the (intim, has ap| titled all their * the history of the building, though, in the stirring time been the R.evelation, he May rates will meet as often on duty Jin Used to 11 st ed at dehad of night leaning in a humble fashion with folded in his over the star casts, 01 stone if the grant windows overlooking Paris A few days before the 30th August Minn Aiitoin ItuH woman rushed into her up II I must u told him that they had just seen him in the guard-room during the absence of the guard. He looked stedfastly nfc them with a face of unutterable woe. He was last seen during the Commune. The old watch- man who had charge of the building was going his rounds one night when he became aware of a scarlet chul figure in the gloom skulking behind one of the pillars. He made for it, but it seemed to pass round the pillar and disappear. He looked about everywhere, but there was nothing. The old man had his own reasons for think- ing that he might have been deceived on this occasion, so he took nothing but coffee after dinner next night before making his rounds, yet there was the Red Man again. This time he was leaning meditatively on his arm, and looking down on Paris. The watchman shouted at him he turned round, faced him with the same look of icy woe, and disappeared. The old man ran for help, late as it was, and they made a thorough search of the place. They did find something red ; their search ended in a save gui peat, as they saw the first glare of the in- cendiary fire that was to reduce the Palace of the Tuileries to a heap of ruins. 