GLADYS LEIGH'S CHRIST MAS GIFT. Br Florence Hodqkinson, Authoress of the "Ghost of Avond&Ie;," Lore Story," Ac., Ac. It was Christmas-time; there could be no doubt of the fact. The poulterers' shops were filled with gigantic turkeys, other shops were ' crammed, with Christmas cards and New .Year's presents, there was a great bustle of preparation in many a comfortable kitchen; the railway station presented a scene of wild confusion, and every train contained rather more than its proper number of passengers. Yes, it .was Christmas-time, and yet Gladys ■ Leigh sat alone, and, what was sadder, had | every proBpect of her loneliness continuing j over tne festival which brings peace ana goodwill to man. She was barely twenty-two—tins Gladys I Leigh, whose story we are telling—and not twelve months before she had been the' heiress of a wealthy merchant, had been queen of a splendid London mansion, and the darling of her father's heart. Gladys had been a very popular person in those days. People had even called her beautiful. She had been invited to more parties than she' had cared to attend, had been defeired to, petted and courted. But it was all changed now. She was humble companion to Mrs. Macdonald, of No. 36, Sigismund-square; and for her society, her patience, and the whole sacrifice of ner time, opinions, and tastes, she received the startling salary of £20 per annum—considerably less than her employer paid her cook; "but then com panions were plentiful and cooks were scarce, which no doubt explains the difference. She sat alone at breakfast upon Christmas - Eve. Mr. and Mrs. Macdonald had started the evening before on a visit to a nieoe in Yorkshire. The niece had newly returned to England and had never heard of Gladys, so perhaps it was not strange she had left ner out of the invitation. The Macdonalds graciously told Gladys she might spend the day with her friends, but the companion had no friends, and so she sat at breakfast alone on Christmas Eve, with the melancholy prospect of spending the morrow's festival in equal solitude. She was very pretty —this lonely, ill recompensed companion. She was simply dressed in black cashmere, without an orna ment of any kind, but the hair coiled round her little head waB of soft golden brown, and her eyes were dark expressive violet. Add that she had a nameless grace of movement and a slight, well-formed figure, and you will have some idea of Mrs. Maedonald's proUgee. "Christmas Eve," murmured Gladys to herself. " 0, papa, how could you leave me all alone?" But though she spoke her father's name, the tears in Miss Leigh's eyes were not all for him. Sorrow had touched her before the merchant's failure and death. Gladys had been engaged to a young officer, handsome, generous; and devoted, but proud and jealous. They loved each other, but their wills were always in collision, for the young heiress was spoilt and headstrong, her lover proud and sensitive; and so, after a more stormy quarrel than usual, Gladys had taken his ring off her finger and he had given her her freedom. Two days later he had left England. Sbe never heard of him again, never a word or line. Six months later her father died, and she was a penniless wanderer on the face of the world, but her bitter tears were not for her home or her fortune, not even for the father who had loved her so dearly, so much as for the noble heart she had spurned in the summer sunshine. Enter the servant to remove breakfast. Miss Leigh went to the window and looked out. There were but few passers by. Sigis mund-square was too grand and too exclu sive to attract much traffic. The snow was falling fast and had wrapped the earth in a thick white mantle. Gladys turned with a sigh. No chance of a walk for her to-day to relieve the monotony of the dreary solitude. She went back to the fire and took up Mrs.' | Maedonald's knitting. That lady had a most elaborate counterpane on band, but as she made mistakes every time she took it up it seemed likely to engross her energies for some years to come, and also these of her com panion for the time being, since upon that functionary fell the duty of correcting her errors. Gladys worked on. steadily, her mind far enough away from Sigismund square, when the servant brought in a visit ing card inscribed " Mrs. Carew." Miss Leigh repeated the particulars of Mrs. Maedonald's absence, and expected return, but the servant seemed in no mind to hear her. " It's you the lady wants to sec, Miss." "Me?" " Yes; she asked particularly for Miss Leigh. I've put her in the drawing- room, MisB." " How cold she will be," thought Gladys, remembering the ice-like temperature of that apartment when unblessed by a fire. " Of course it is a mistake, bet I had better goand j see her." So with one hand smoothing back a rebellious lock of golden hair, she crossed the ball and opened the drawing-room door. A lady, warmly wrapped in furs, sat by the centre table. She started up as our heroine entered. " Gladys 1" They were in each other's arms. They had been schoolfellows, and their friendship had been very warm and constant until Marion Lane went abroad with her father on a foreign tour. The correspondence had languished after a few months, and for two years Gladys had heard nothing of her friend. " And I have really found you ! Do you know, you wicked chud, I have been hunting for you the last six months ?" "I have been here nearly a year—ever since" "I know," said Marion, fondly. "We read of Mr. Leigh's death in America before we started to come home. T always told Claude I must find you out, only we never could, though we tried hard enough." j " It was very good of you, but you know things are different now, May." "Are they?" said May calmly. "How?" " I am him. Maedonald's companion, and I never go anywhere or see any one." "Dr. Allen told me that. It was he who gave us your address. Gladys, I have come to take you home with me to spend Christ mas." " But" "No buts. If Mrs. Macdonald makes a fuss tell her you'll be my companion instead of hers. Yes, Gladys, I nave come up to London apd left everything at home at sixes and sevens. You must come. Claude is longing to be introduced to you, and there is a wee Gladys I am eager to present to your notice." " Did yon really call her after me?" " Of course ! We called her Gladys Fortes cue after our two dearest friends, mine and Claude's." A strange change came over Miss Leigh's face as sne caugut the name of Fortescue. But she remembered it was common enoughs Claude Carew'e friend could hardly be the man for whose loss her heart ached so sadly. So she made no demur, but joyfully accepted' Marion's invitation. They drove .to Victoria Station and caught the express train to Asherton. A carriage with dashing bays was waiting for them. It seemed like a breath of the old life to Gladys as she was whirled Along swiftly at her friend's side, and when' they reached a beautiful old house standing in picturesque grounds and a handsome stately gentleman - bade her welcome, telling her be was glad to see his wife's friend, Gladys began to think Marion had been one of Fortune s favourites. . Oh, the change from the dreary solitude of Sigismund-square to . the life and bustle of Asherton flail. The place was all astir with ' guests and merriment. Holly and evergreens been lavishly used in every room, and' the gladsome faces round her, the joyous j :la»m voices that she heard, one and aU proclaimed j to Gladys that Christmas had come. Mrs. [ Carew herself superintended her toilet. Perhaps she remembered the days when they dresBea together like sisters, for with a pretty tact she placed ribbons, laces and ornaments at her guest's disposal, but Gladys would take nothing save some rare hothouse flowers, which she twined in the curls of her golden hair. "White always suited you," said May, as she settled the folds-of the muslin dress, , They went down together to the drawing room. Mr. Carew took Gladys on his arm and introduced her to his other visitors, " I hope you will be at home with us, Miss Leigh," he said pleasantly. "May has longed to have you." A pretty childish looking creature sat near hem, dressed in white silk and pearls, evi dently a bride. She looked so joyous, so com pletely happy, that Bhe charmed poor Gladys, and Mr. Carew, seeing the direction of her eyes, presented her to the young lady—"Miss Leigh, Mrs. Fortescue," Gladys Leigh almost fainted. Then she sat down by the bride's side and listened with what attention she could to her conversa tion. Mrs. Fortescue was quite ready to talk I about herself. She told Gladys she and her husband had met the Carews abroad. In fact she was Marion's bridesmaid, and Bertie J Mr. Carew's best man. "It was our first meeting," she Baid pret tily, "and now, you see, we are married." " Then you are American, Mrs. Fortescue ?" " Oh dear no! I'm English, and so is Bertie. He used to be in tbe army, but he sold out ahout two years ago, and went out | west." " And is he staying here with you ?" " Why, of course ne is," said pretty Mrs. Fortescue. with rather unnecessary vehe- j mence. " You don't think, surely, he'd send me here alone, when we have not been married six weeks? Poor Gladys 1 Another moment and the dinner was announced. A gentleman ad vanced to Mrs. Fortescue, and another offered his arm to Gladys. The girl Btarted, the man grew pale as they recognised each other. For one moment their thoughts went back to the summer day when they parted in anger, and wrecked their life's happiness for ever. He recovered first. Perhaps he had not so much to regret. Perhaps he had preserved more from the wreck of his life's happiness than Gladys. "This is an unexpected pleasure." She answered nothing. It really seemed she could not; her trembling lips would not do her bidding. " I had prayed I might never see your face again," he went on bitterly. " Surely the world was wide enough for you and me. You might have given me a chance of forgetting." "I had no idea I should meet you, . . . and," thinking of the little bride. " I should CLUUt KUUIMUg KUQ UVVIQ MltUCi X DUUUIU sa^ou had a very good chance of forgetting." ley had taken their seats by this time, but the party was a large one, and the con versation more a number ot t6le-ci- Ules than any general discourse. Gladys sat like a creature in a dream. This was Bertram, her life's love, and opposite her was his wife. She had thought her cup of sorrow full that morning when she sat alone in Sigismund square. She admitted now that it nad not then brimmed over. She was roused by Bertram's voice. " How iB Mr. Leigh ! Shall I meet him here?" She started. "I was asking for your father," he ex plained. " Haven't you heard ?" "I have heard nothing. I am but newly returned to Europe." " He has been dead a year." " Forgive me." and Bertram's voice had ; gentle ring. " I am very sorry." "He is better off," said Gladys, softly. " He was glad to go." "And you?" She was silent. " I Buppose you think I have no right to ask, but for auld lang syne you might bear J with me. Are you Gladys Leigh still, and An i:„„ nn In H.o „1/1 T.nmn V" do you live ,fI am re on in the old home ? Gladys Leigh. ... I live in I London." " And not alone, surely ?" " Oh no ! I live with Mrs. Macdcnald. " She is your chaperone; she takes care of you?" "I think I am her chaperone, for I tike care of her. I order her dinners and pick up the dropped stitches of her knitting—she drops a great many." " Gladys, what do you mean?" " You must not call me that." "Miss Leigh, then. I left you an heiress with a dozen lovers competing for your hand." "And you find me companion to an old i woman, with no society but her lap-dog. You need not be surprised. Life is full of | ups and downs." He never said another word, only there was a strange pained look in his face. Mrs. Fortescue opposite, noticing his abstraction, rallied him on it. " People will say England does not agree , with you, Bertram," she said in her pretty caressing way, " if you look so dulL" " You must laugh for all of us, child," he answered, and then, after a long pause, he | turned to Gladys. " What do you think of her!" " Of whom?"—but she knew. "Of Mis. Fortescue." "She is very sweet and pretty. She seems I a perfect child." " Aye, she is little more. Her parents ob ea t jectea to the marriage, but ahe had set her | heart on it" " She appears devoted to you." " To me f' and Bertram stared. " I assure you you are mistaken. We are very good friends, nothing more." Which seemed passing strange, as he was speaking of hie own wife. When the gentlemen returned to the .draw ing-room. Gladys Leigh was at the piano, singing that sweetest and saddest of all love songs, Sullivan's "Sweethearts"— Ob love for a year, a weak, a dav, But alas for the lore that lores alway. Bertram Forteecue went op to her and leaned oyer her shoulder. " Do you believe in that?" Gladys coloured. "In what?' '"The misery of the love that loves alway." "At least," she said gravely, "it is the only love -worth having." "Iagree with you. I will go further: it is the only love worthy the name of love." Then as Gladyp moved away he followed her to the sofa. "And how much longer do you intend to honour Mrs. Macdonald with your | society?' " I don't know." " You must have some idea." ".Until she tires of me or dies, in which | case I must seek out some other old lady to whom I can be sight and hands and feet. " Rubbish 1" said Bertram, bitterly. " It's' not the sort of life for you. You're not fitted She answered nothing. She was thinking j of the life they had once mapped out together. Certainly her present fate was different. "Why didn t you marry Ludlow ?" Ludlow was the rival of whom he had been | most jealous in other days. " Perhaps he did not ask me." Bertram looked at her searchingly. "You are lovelier than ever, he said I fiercely} "two years haveonlyadded to your j beauty. . " You must not talk like that. It is not right. You know it is hot." \- A strange light came into his eyes. " Can you call it wrong ?" " Certainly." . "To whom?" Her beautiful violet eyes wandered round the room until they rested on Mrs. For tescue's pretty childish lace. Bertram looked puzzled. ''' What has Lily to do with it!" But Gladys was too frightened, too taken aback at his words, to stay at his side. She crossed the room and sat down on a sofa by "What have you done to vex my favou rite?" asked Marion pleasantly. "He looks as black as night." "I have done—nothing." " We both like Bertram," said May, naively. "His wife will be a very happy woman, let me tell you, Gladys dear.' " Isn t she happy now ?" " She does not exist at present." " But your husband introduced me to Mrs. Fortescue, and she spoke of her husband to me as ' Bertie.'" " I wonder if Lily ever talks of anything but her husband. Oh yes, there is no doubt of her felicity, only you see Bertram has nothing to do with it." Gladys stared. " She married Herbert Fortescue, Ber tram's cousin and fellow-officer. They would be poor enough, only Bertram came down handsomely." " I thought he was poor himself." " Poor! Mrs. Carew almost exclaimed. " Why, dear, he is richer far than Claude. He is Sir Bertram Fortescue, of Bertram Court." Gladys never quite knew how she sat out the rest of the evening. Her old love was free; that seemed almost too much hap ness; but, alas, he was rich; if only he h been poor she might have confessed how bitterly she had repented their quarrel, but Bhe could not do so now. He was a wealthy baronet, and she a needy dependent. Christmas morning dawned bright and clear, and the maid, whom Marion had deputed to wait on her friend, awoke Gladys, with a cup of coffee and a tray daintily heaped with letters and parcels. Gladys sat up and opened her presents Christmas cards from many of the guests who had taken a fancy of the bright-haired girl; a beautiful sealskin jacket from May, a bracelet from her husband, and a bunch of flowers purporting to come from Gladys Fortescue Carew. Then the tray was empty, save for a tiny pasteboard box, [ directed in a hand which brought the hot blushes to Gladys Leigh's cheeks. No word or line, nothing but a heap of cotton wool, and reposing in its folds a gold ring with one solitaire diamond, the very.ring the young officer had taxed his slender resources to buy j for the merchant's heiress two years before, and which she had so disdainfully returned to him. That ring was very much in Gladys' thoughts as she dressed for breakfast. What did it mean ? Surely not that he loved her still, and was ready to trust her again. Oh no, he had forgiven her the past and sent her the ring as a kindly memorial of their old intimacy—that was all 1 She hardly spoke to him at breakfast; she avoided him on the walk to lunch, but Sir Bertram was not the man to be turned from any purpose he had at heart. As Gladys stood alone in.the library after lunch, think ing how pleasant the grand old room looked in the Christmas gloaming, some one came softly up to her ana took her hand. "Gladys." Sir Bertram was holding the hand as some thing belonging to himBelf which she had no right to take from him. Very gently he touched the third finger. "Gladys." She trembled. " I meant to give it you back," she said slowly. "I know you thought it kind to give it me, but I would rather not. It would only remind me of the past." He still held her hand captive. "What made you so hard on me last night ? Why did you tell me I had no right to care what became of you ?" " I thought" "Yes." " I thought Mrs. Fortescue was your wife," said Gladys, going on boldly after the first plunge. " You could thiuk that?" "Yes." " I never loved but one woman," he said slowly, "and I am like you, Gladys—I be lieve only in the love that loves alway." Gladys said nothing. She stood there in the firelight, the flickering flames making a halo round her golden head. "You sent- me from you lonely and wretched," be stud presently. "Do you know, when my kinsman died and I came into the family property, I could hardly bear to come home and see you as Ludlow's bride?" „ " You will never see me as that." "But I don't want to see you as Mrs. Macdonald's companion. There is only one capacity, Gladys, in which I care to see you." He looked into her eyes. She understood. "Give me the ring, he whispered, "and let me put it in its own place. Let my Christmas gift to you, my darling, be the love that has never died, even when I thought it a sin." " I couldn't! Oh, I couldn't!" "You don't love me, Gladys. You have forgotten me in these eighteen months!" ' " I have never forgotten you, only you are rich and great, and F' "You are Gladys," he whispered, "the little girl I love, whose sweet face I want to make my home full of sunshine." " But they'll say"— , '"Never mind what people say; they'll think yon prefer being my companion to remaining Mrs. Macdonald's, a very flattering conclusion for me." "Are you quite sure," she whispered— " sure it is not pity, Bertram ?" " I am quite sure that I love Jrou. It's not pity, Gladys, unless it's pity for myBelf, My heart yearned for you, my darling, when my eyes met your sweet face last night. Sweet heart, let us forget these months of estrange ment and go back to the old days when we were happy." She made him no answer in words, but Sir Bertram understood. He opened his arms and took the weary, tired-out girl into their embrace. He pressed his lips to hen, and thanked Heaven that Christmas-tide had indeed bronght them joy. I That night a gold ring, set with ane large diamond, flashed on Mies Leigh's white hand; that night Mrs. Carew heard some thing of the story, and promised that she 'herself would write to Mrs. Macdonald and break the news of her companion's desertion, provided,Gladys and Sir Bertram would let the weddmg.be at Asherton HalL And then, some six weeks later, when the snowdrops were raising their white heads to the . winter sunshine, there was a stately " Gladys Leigh's Christmas Gift," 