LOCAL NEWS. A bkmabkable occurrcnce, or rather series of occurrences, created considerable alar u at t'nc show grounds on Saturday. The cricket en it'll between the Exiles club of Gympie and the Union club of Maryborough was proceeding under the usual coudi ions oE an intensely ~hot summer -?ay. At about 1 o'clock the two teams luncuen logeincr, una an uour iaiur resumed th cgame, the Unions completing tbeir iuniogs* It soon become apparent that s^me epidemic had beiz^d the players. Wright of Mary* borough lost his wicket and left the fluid com plaining of dizzyncBS and impending-unoon— BciounesB. Maitland also became ill, and then followed a series of disasters, one man after another quickly leaving the field and vomitio^ violently, fully one half of the players from both sides were speelily hors doc -tnbat and alditions to the number wore quickly coming in. The condition of Wright, R. Halpin, CUrkc, lleiidcrson, Maitland, Hat ton an-i others b2cam-* extremely painful. Violent and continual retching, entire prostration, and in some C46C& unconsciousness and a contraction of the musclcs, crest id gcueral alarm, and messengers were despatched for all the medical m- n in town. Three of them responded to the cill. aud in the meantime most of the suf ferers were carried to their homes. By sundown but a few of tbe players bad retained their ordinary state of health. Medical treatment was accorded', and the doctors, with. Inspector Lloyd and eome other willing investigators, looked for the cause of tho singular phenomena. Tbe remains of tho lunch which was provided by a hotel-keeper in town, were carefully examined, and everything found to be perfectly fresh and nice. Some tongues, which had formed an item in tbe spread, had all been consumed and could not therefore be examined' It was elicited, how* - ever, that several of the sufferers, and the wor.-t, had not partaken of that delioaoy, so the tongue theory fell to the ground. Very few of tbe players had drunk anything stronger than ginger-beer, lemonade, and cordials, and it transpired that those who took a little spirits were amongst the few who escaped. As* fortunately, none of tbe sufferers have* succumbed up to the time of writing, the man k.«a nnf- ViAr) fha Ann/u.fnni(« uieuiuai uieu uavc uuir wuo wppiiumu/ which an autopBy would afford, of arriving at a conclusion as to the cause of ^the disaster, and therefore their opinions, according to tradition, disagree. Sunstroke is argued on one side, and on the other, something in the food is held to be accountable. Most of the victims pssBed a. very bad night, but were improving yesterday* though young Maitland is reported to have* ruptured a blood vessel through excessive' retching. It may be added that there is not?, the slightest suspicion of foul play, nor that: the caterer did not exercise proper care im choosing the viands. The Champion gig r.ice, wbi:h is to be pulled on tbe Biisbane Bivcr at 1 1 o'clock this morning, has for 6ome days past been tbe prin cipal topic of conversation in Maryborough, and though the local favoritism is pretty equally divided between the two rival crews whi represent this town, th^re will he general * gratifievion should cither the Doris or the Fiona ngain carrr off the Champion honors. We leain from Brisbane that since the Fiona crew made their appearance in Urisbtno, they hare advanced in the estimation of the aqnatic cognoscenti there, and the metropolitan belief in the superiority of the Commer cial crew has weakened accordingly, - As in a long and fast race as this will be, condition will win, it is not possible to predict the result with any feeling of confi-. i.cnce, for a few minutes sickness on one of the men the day of or before the race might make all tbe diff-:r- nee. Natnrally, the health of tbe ftliryborough men is tbe object of constant en* qniry here, and it is not very reassuring to know that a couple of tbe Doris crew were a w.ck ago suffering a little from the change of air. and that latjr Tom Kin?, of the Fiona crew had an attack of colic spasm?. However* we trust every man of the three crews will .wake up this morning in tfc pink cf condition and go to the starting post '* fit as a fiddle ** in wbich cas£ the spectators will be treated to a brilliant raoe between all thr.-c boats We hope to have the result telegraphed before noon. Oyeb fifty residents in this town were at the A.S.N. Oo.'s wharf early yesterday morning, awaiting the arrival and despatoh of the steamer Leichhardt, which it was positively announced for some days beforehand would leave Mary borough in lime to convey excursionists to the scene of tbe Brisbane regatta. Owing to the absorbing interest evinced by local aquatic enthusiasts in the Champion gig race, it was known that a large number would visit Brisbane to witness the race, and the A.S.N. Oo. having in answer to personal enquiries promised that the Leichhardt would leave on Sunday, most of hhfl inhpndini7 Avnnrsinniittji faIiaiI nn frTiftf. nnnnp. tunity, and availed not of tbe You Yangs, steamer, whioh left on Friday. As yesterday morning wore on and the Leichhardt did not appear, the numerous crowd who haunted tbe wharf became anxious. At 3 p m. the Bteamer arrived, nnd it Vas announced that she would leave again immediately. Circumstances arose, however, to cause a postponement till noon this -day, and the fifty expectant ones re turned to their homes muttering curses loud or deep at the 'sell' of which they were the victims. We predict that it will be a long time before the humbugged ones forget this little episode, We may ndd that those who know all the circumstances acquit both Captain Jeune and Mr. Cherry, the looal agent. of any intention of disappointing the publio in this matter, but who is really to blame we cannot ascertain, To-uoituow afternoon, at thi usual fort nightly meeting of the Municipal Council, another opportunity will be given to our alder nr n to discuss the drain question, a matter which they will have to tace with more ear nestness tban exists in the temporary drainage which, if the t'c Mayor's motion is carried, will be performed in Bazaar street. At the same august convention, the construction of a' reservoir at Newtown will be introduced' by Mr, Annenr, as also a discussion on the pro posal to raise a £10,000 loan, A letter from the Ipswic i Council, asking for tbe support of our Council, together with that of other towna io obtaiuing Government aid to deal with the debt incurred by each municipality in water supply will probably be received, If soneBU' h* Assistance could be obtained, there would be more money At the disposal of oar Council' wherewith to enter upon a system of permanent drainage. Those who have laid themselves out for pleasure daring tho day will be able to wind up by attendiog (he evening concert which will be held at the Town Hall th:s evening, when a number of our most celebrated vocal and instrumental amateurs will collect to give what we feel sure will be one of tbe most pleKsing of the many success *ul amateur con certs picseuted before a Maryborough audience. As will be seen by a reference to our advertis ing columns, during the first part of the even ing a number of operatic gems will be given. In the second part a miscellaneous selectiou of the bc&t; known songs wi'l be rendered, and the evening will conclude with a polka by the string band, followed by the farce Ghost in a P*wn Shop.' We trust that as the proceeds will go towards a worthy object, namely, pay ing off the Albert 6treet State School Building Fund, and the price of admission being so remarkably easy, a good botiBe will make its appearance. We would draw the attention of those who go down to the sta in great *hip9 to three ' Notices to Mariners' appearing ia our shipping c oluran. One refers to tbe discovery of a clear passage in the Bariicr Reef off Cairns, and 20a miles distant from the Frankland Inlands. Another notice refers to an alteration in the lights in the River Burnett, and the third an nonnccs that the Fairway Buoy, at the en trance to Great Randy Island Straits is re placed bj a floating bcacon carrying a ball O feet in diameter, Db. Joun Shall, of Maryborough, is admitted by tbe Medical Board of Queensland at a duly qualified medical practitioner. Tebbiblb tales of loss of lire stock still come in from tbe country. The drought continue* unbroken, the few slight showers of rein which have fallen in various parts of tho district proving of no avail in stemming the tide of loss. Oo the Burnett tbe privation is acverely felt. At one of the cattJe stations on the Mount Periy side, the drought is spoken of as one of 11 extermination,' the herds being not merely decimated, but actually annihilated. And here in Maryborough, while thunderstorms threaten daily, the clotids refuse to drop their moisture. In tbe Supreme Court, Brisbane, on Friday last, in the matter of Peter Graham, of Mary* borough, insolvent, Mr. Hacpherson applied for a certificate of discharge. He sttted that a majority of the creditors (namely 30) of over £10 bad consented. The Official Trusteo said tbat be noticed sixty-four creditors of over £10 had proved at the first meeting. Mr. Macpher son said that was only at the first meeting, and that tbe exact number now was fifty-seven, of whioh thirty had consented. The Acting Chief Justice accordingly granted the certificate. Insolvency Business. — In the estate of Hanseo and Jorgensen, of Pialba, Mr. P. Bren nan is appointed trusteo. The estate of Hop and Co., Maryborough, will be wound up by the official trustee. At a meeting of creditors of Thomas Jone?, of Howard, it was resolved to accept a composition of 10s in the £, in bills endorsed by Messrs. W. Young and* Co. A dividend of 8id in the £ is payable in the estate of J. L. Ohing. A first dividend of 6s 6d in the £ in tbe estate of &? Gillies and Oo , Burrum, is payable at the office of 0. P. Christoe, trus tee. Thebe appears to be Bomc difficulty in sighting the lightB at the entrance to Gladstone Harbor, more especially on a hazy night. The matter is one which, if remedy ib accessary, should be taken np by the Gladstone Press, or the Progress Society of that town. ' The only public entertainment arranged for tbe celebration of Separation Bay in this town is, bo far as we are aware, the cricket match between tbe Albion eleven and the Gympie team, at the Show grounds, and the concert at the Town Hall in the evening. Baffle Greek is proclaimed a port of entry and clearance under the Customs Act of 1873, and Mr* George Skyring, residing there, is appointed an officer of Customs for that port;. Mb. E. F. Hughes, Surgeon Dentist, has arrived in Maryborough, and may be consulted at 0. H. Hughes, Chemist, Adelaide-street, The efficacy of Wolfe's Schnapps has been spoken and written of, but it is in the indivi dual cases consumated it .finds its highest award and surest advocacy* It is polnteablp, stimulative, and produces marked results. 