A Terrible Social Evil. A writer in ttie North American Review for August calls attention to the terrible results of the widespread indifference to marriage now perceptible in many countries. Prof. Fawcett has estimated that in London alone there are over 150,000 poor women without adequate bread, and of very insufficient virtue. 3Iiss Ellice Hopkins, author of several well-known books, has begun a crusade against what is called the " social evil" with strong enthusiasm, intelligence, and womanly Christian feeling. She is hopeful that, by-and-byc, when her Christian sisters and brethren are awakened to the terrible evils which she points out, a feeling may be excited strong enough to move both Houses of Parliament. to legislate on the subject. The views of Ellice Hopkins on this subject will be found in her little twopenny pamphlet, " Grave Moral Questions addressed to the Men and Women of England." She wishes to save young girls from the beginning of an immoral life. " What, I ask again and again," she says, " is the use of preaching the gospel, and telling our people their bodies are temples of the Holy Ghost, when men and women, girls and boys, litter down like pigs in one room at night ? I sometimes wonder if we have been saving souls so long, that we have ceased to save men and women." If the fact be as here stated, that there are 80,000 outcast women in London alone, the need ji reformatory work in the case of girls is manifest. Her words to mothers are sound and sensible, and we commend all such to get her little book, and lend a hand in the good work in which she is engaged. The pulpit should never forget the vices bred in an impure imagination, and nursed by bad books and obscene pictures. The London Society for the Suppression of Yice since 1834 has destroyed tons of bad books and pictures ; and a philanthropic American citizen, Mr. Anthony Comstoek, lias travelled upwards of 170,000 miles outside New York for the same purpose, and has spent the energies of a lifetime in the destruction of over songs, and photographs.—P one million obscene books, resbyterian. 