A WARRAGUL GHOST. To the year 1883 belongs the honor of witnessing the advent of the first ghostly visitant at Warragul. It is now a month or two since it became rumored that one had been both seen and heard inside a certain little cot- tage situated upon a property distant about a mile from the Warragul Post Office, and now owned by a well known and rather popular resident of our district, who is also known as the proprietor of more than one cele- brated racehorse. The house itself has for some months been tennanted by a Mr. and Mrs. C— with a family of young children, and some six weeks ago Mrs. C— became the mother of a female infant, the only peculiarity about which is that the child is a remarkably small one, about half the size of an average baby. Now it would appear that this lady was the first to both see and hear the apparition. At different times she called the attention of her nurse, an assistant nurse., her own husband, his sister, two male lodgers and the mem- bers of her own family to the pheno- mena, and most of them are positive that they heard distinctly the sound of light velvety footfalls though none besides the lady herself were able to see anything. She, however, is quite certain that the sceptre was seen with great clearness by her own eyes upon a number of different occasions. Upon one occasion when stooping to pick something off the floor besides the sofa she was horrified to find it sitting just in front of her, and on it starting up and vanishing through a closed door she fainted away. The figure is described as that of a tall spare man with light grey beard and moustache, its usual time for appear- ing is between two or three o'clock in the morning. As the visit of our re- presentative to the locality was in broad daylight we are unable to pre- sent any occular demonstration to our readers. The motion made by the Goblin is described by Mrs. C— to be rather a gently gliding, one more like skating upon ice, than the step- ing of ordinary mortals. Now here the only little bit of contradiction in the tale comes in. With this pe- culiar and graceful mode of transit, how about the very distinct footsteps heard by so many upon different oc- casions? However, as Bishop Some- body says, once admit the element of the miraculous into a story when all apparent contradictions must vanish. The only present explanation that can be given of the ghosts nocturnal visits is that, according to the oldest inhabi- tants in the locality, there stood near the present house in the scrub days a little paling hut, from which, an old man suddenly and mysteriously dis- appeared. There was also a well a few paces off that was shortly after- wards filled with earth and a new one dug close by. Mr. C— is determined to have the old well cleared out di- rectly he can find its exact whereabouts and a search made in hopes that some clue may be afforded to the appear- ance of the first Warragul Ghost. 