STEEPLECHASE SIRES. [The following article, extracted from Bell's Life. may be in some degree useful to those breeders who are endeavouring to supply the demand which undoubtedly exists for well-bred weight- carrying backs.] The theory of like begetting like is so firmly believed in by some people that it is a wonder great performers in the steeplechase line have not been more looked to as the progenitors of future celebrities for getting over a country. Great pains are taken by a very numerous class to produce hunters of a character that are always in demand, horses up to weight, with a natural aptitude to jump, and so intelligent as to possess manners to befit them to carry a man to the comfort and ease of the latter at all times, thus conducing to the enjoyments of hunting. It is only natural that a horse pos sessing the above requirements should be well, bred, as all well-bred animals are more sensi tive and intelligent than those of coarser in gredients ; but it appears quite feasible to im prove even upon this idea, and that such horses as have shown an extraordinary aptitude for crossing a country should be bred from so as1 to produce their counterparts. It was unfor tunate that most of the early champions were geldings. Lottery, who was spoken of by Jem Mason as capable of every accomplishment bar speaking, was, to the loss of the country, useless in a "Stud Book" point of view, and he ended his days in a gravel cart in the neighbourhood of Harrow, an occupation I saw him as a boy engaged in. The next Liverpool Steeplechase winner, Jerry, waß another geld uig, and so were such wonders as Chandler, Abd el Kader, and Peter Simple. In fact, I cannot note a stallion winner of the Liverpool" until 1862, when The Huntsman credited the race to a French party. He was just the very horse to have become a great hunting sire, as he was long and low, with big jumping; quarters, strong back, wide from hip to hip;! and a very big-boned horse. I waa not veryi far from him when he was being trained for the Liverpool, and the work he required settled two or three others that were deputed by H. Lamplugh to act as schoolmasters. Huntsman should have been a steeplechase or hunting sire in England or bis native country, Ireland, but he was sold to the French Govern ment for 12,000f. (480 soys.) to got cavalry horses. Two years afterwards a thoroughbred stallion bred in Franco won, in Alcibiadc, and he actually did become a hunting sire, and there was every reason why he should have be come a good one, as he was by Cossack, who invariably got natural jumpers and nice-man nered horses with hounds. I saw Alcibiado in a Leicestershire quarter, and I havo seen some of his hunting ntock, but they have all been very coarse, and my inference is that ho was mostly bred to big mares, and, as he was a very big horse, they were unsuitcd. There is no greater mistake 1 am sure in hunter breeding than to consort what are called fine mares to big horses. If Alcibiade had been stationed in Devonshire or Wales amongst the mares with pony blood in them he might possibly have got something approaching his own quality and merit. Good horses won during the next two years in Salamander and Cortolvin, but the future use of both had been sacrificed to the caprice of man, and the next winning stallion was, perhaps, the best ever started for a cross country contest. lam alluding to The Lamb, who was regularly bred for jumping, and be longing to the multum in parvo sort, such as our forefathers used to delight in. It was a sin to have allowed him to leave this country; and the same reproach is due to English hunter breeders for letting the grand stallion The Colonel leave us after his dual wins two 'years in succession at Liverpool. Mr. J. M. Richardson's mounts, Disturbance and Reugny,* were both stallions, but I do not know what became of them; and the next stallion that won was Austerlitz, and, although a very good judge took him in hand for the benefit of the farmers in Suffolk, there was not spirit enough in the country to keep him from the ever eager grasp of the foreigner. Stallion winners of the Liverpool have been fairly plentiful of late, for after Austerlitz came Shifnal, and the Duke of Hamilton, who is always anxious to promote the fine breeding of hunters, bought him for the use of the farmers, though, as he was advertised again not long ago, I presume the farmers did not take to him, and to look at he is not quite the fashionable sort. He is, or was, a wiry weather-beaten looking old customer, that did not look up to 16st., but he was my style all over, to put quality into great, soft, half-bred mares, and it is be cause such hones are not used that we see such a lot of great helpless hones called weight carriers, but more fit to draw railway vans than to carry gentlemen to hounds. The apathy that has been shown in continu ing the best of cross- country merit may be a very good reason why there is not a single Liverpool Steeplechase winner by a previous winner of that event. This year we are a little nearer that state of things than usual, as the mare Zoedone, who proved herself such a heroine last week, was by New Oswestry, a pretty good steeplechase hone, running in the years 1868 and 1869, and seen winning a steeple chase in heats as a four-year-old, and on subse quent occasions over such good natural courses as Hereford and Tenby. He was well bred for jumping, as a son of Knight of Kan, the sire of the above-named Colonel, and I regret that there are not many like New Oswestry in thi list of stallions published in Belfa Life on 3rd March. To look into that useful category it ie necessary to hunt very closely to find sires that have won steeplechases, and there are fewer about than in any year I can remember. New Oswestry is dead, and I fear that good little hone, Barumite, has gone over to the majority. Beadle I know is dead, and the ancient Ace of Clubs is no longer advertised. There is Berserker alive, but I do not see him before the publio as much as usual, though he is just the none that should be; and there is the hone I am so fond of, Richelieu, doing duty in the Peterborough district, and the abovenamed Shifnal at the Duke of Hamilton's* Baston, in Suffolk. Then Rattle, standing at May House Paddocks, near Droitwich, won steeplechases, and Sir Thomas Lennard, who studies the breeding of huntere perhaps more than any man living, tries it in every way; with a horse from the most notable thorough bred stock to get jumpers—namely, the King Tom family. With a little blood-like Arab built hone, suitable for heavy mares, in Ring leader, and with a knocked-about steeplechase winner in St. Peter, the results of the baronet's experiments in a few years' time will be most usefuL [to be continued.] •This horse is now the property of Messn. M'Connel, of Oressbrook.—Ed. Q. By telegram we learn that the annual meet ing of the Victoria Amateur Turf Club was held at Caulfield on Saturday. The weather was fine, and there was a good attendance. The following are the results :— Selling Race.—Castaway, 1; Halifax, 2; Whisper, 3. Handicap Hurdle Race.—Buzza, 1; Triplet, 2; Miller, 3. Won by a length and a-half. Time, 3rain. 37sec. Victoria Gold Cup, of 100 som—Black Jacket, 1; Abdallah, 2; Zcrlo, 3. Betting : 2 to 1 against Black Jacket, i) to 1 Zerlo, 4to 1 Abdallah. In the run home Abdallah and Scotchman had the lead, but Black Jacket soon shot out, and won by three lengths. Time, 4min. 52sec. Ladies Trophy.— The Ghost, 1; Liddington, 2; Transferred, 3. Time, lmin. 2Hsec. Steeplechase.—General Jackson, 1; Vaulter, 2; Napoleon, 3. Time, 4min. 31sec. Latayettb's Diplomacy. —An anecdote which sheds some light on the value of Lafay ette's professions and his readiness in repartee was current in Boston at the time of his visit, although Mr. Quincy cannot vouch for its authenticity. The general, it appears, on being presented to some old soldiers, was heard to ask the leader of the group if he was married. Upon receiving an answer in the affirmative, Lafayette responded with most tender empha sis: "Ah, happy man!" To the person who was next presented the same question was put, but here the reply was: "No, sir; lam a bachelor." " Oh, you lucky dog!" whispered the questioner, with a roguish twinkle in his! eye. These apparently inconsistent remarks were overheard by a bystander, who taxed bafayette with insincerity in bestowing equal congratulations in such widely different cir cumstances. "Is it possible,"said the general, turning promptly upon his critic, " that you value the prerogative of humanity so little asi not to know that the felicity of a happy man isj a thousand times greater than that of a lucky dog? 