THE WINDHAM RACES. A meeting was held at the Werribee coarse oa Saturday last. Owing to the fineness of tbe weather and the large fields of horses, the attendance was far greater than ordinary. A special train left Melbourne shortly after twelve, and conveyed the major portion of the spectators to the course. A considerable amount of grumbling was indulged in owing to this train not returning at the advertised time, 5.35 p.m., whereas it started about a quarter past six. Besides this delay, stoppages were made at all stations, giving ono the idea of its bciiig an-ordinary instead oE a special. Another potent reason for grumbling was the bad light in which the Steeplechase aod Werribee Bark Handicap were run. To this is partially attribute tbe death of Albert Bose, the son of Mr Charles Rose, of Ballarat, who was killed opposite the stand whilst ranning second in the Handicap Steeplechase. The unfortunate youth was in the employ of Mr B. Howie, and is said to have made special request to ride Sunshine, the hor-.c that threw him; At the time of the unfortunate accident it appears that the horse, who appeared in fair condition and had been hunting all the season, was attempting to negotiate the third fence, which he failed to clear and struck heavily, describing a complete somer sault in bis fall. Bose, unfortunately, fell underneath, and the horse coming down on the youth’s head crushed it into an almost unrecognisable aiass. Death was instan taneous. Deeea. cd was about 21 years of age, and had thus made both his debut in steeplechasing and fatal exit in the same race. Socket, the ho-se that threw Barlow and broke his collar-bone, is said to have fallen from sheer exhaustion, as he was just off the giats. and should not have been sent for a two and a quarter mile steeplechase, although when in form a formidable opponent, Jn the-ccond round this accident occured. The programme contained the Selling Race, Wyndham Handicap — the piece de resistance of the meeting — the Steeplechase, and Werribee Park Handicap. For the first of these Queen Elizabeth, at 7 to 4, was made first favorite, 4 to 1 being laid against Whisper, and 5 to 1 against any others. Only a middling start was effected, when the two shortest-quoted equines were first to show, the ultimate winner with Drum stick being in close attendance. The latter then led the way till the turn to the straight when the Nymph overhauled tbe gelding and eventually won by a head in 1 min 20£ sec. Nymph, who was ridden by Johnson, was bought in for £21. SELLING HANDICAP, Of 50 sovs. Three quarters of a mile. Nymph .;. ... . 1 Ard-Righ.2 Drumstick .3 The next on the card was the Handicap Hurdle, for which six horses presented them selves. A good start was effected, Stormbird leading, followed by Black Prince and Miller. Tanderook, of whom something was expected, was last from start to finish. Past the stand the flour arusher” led, and further Block Prince, who had up to this run second, was headed by Stormbird, who, although he improved his pace, was unable to get on terms with the light weight, ridden well by McDonald. Miller won by two lengths, Stormbird second, and Merry Maid third. HANDICAP HURDLE RACE, Of 50 sovs. About one mile and three quarters. Miller . 1 Stormbird.2 Merry Maid .3 Thirteen horses then saddled up for ,the big plum of the meet, the Wyndham Handi cap of 60 sovereigns. The favorite led the way to a good start, but was passed by Verdure at the stand, Kit Nnubbles being laBt. Barley Brec soon after occupied the pride of place, but was again collared by Coriolanus, who was cloie pressed by Wizard, Squireen, and the daughter of Miss Wasp close up. It looked all over when Coriolanus and Barley Bree appeared to draw away at the distance, but the excitement reached boiling point, wheo the veteran Cracknell, with one of his characteristic rushes, appeared to lift Bonnie Bee fairly in front at the stand corner. The son of Tubal Cain was second, with Barley Bree third. Time—2 min. 1 sec. WYNDHAM HANDICAP, Of CO eovs. One miie and a distance. Bonnie Bee . I . Coriolonus .2 Barley Bree . 3 Next came the unfortunate steeplechase wherein young Rose was.killed and Barlow had his shoulder blade broken, and for which nine donned silk. Roeket led with Sunshine anil kept that position until about to test the third Knee, when the latter met with the accident that out short Rose’s existence. Napoleon and Gold Top got over followed by Ycrlo with the favorite, the Scotchman and Peter next. Here “Bnnoy’s” namesake with his companion, were headed by the others, the leader increasing his lead to a considerable distance with Yerlo next. Shortly after however, Magic gave a spurt and eventually passed Rocket, who was tiring fast. The favourite was never headed again although Batty on Peter came away from the last fence but was unable to get within two lengths. HANDICAP STEEPLECHASE. Of 50 sovs. About two miles and a quarter. Magic ... '. ’ ... 1 Peter .2 Yerlo .3 The last event of the day, the Werribco Park Handicap, brought eleven competitors to the post, Mr Whittingham’s horse proving very fractious. Chloris was entrusted with the favoritcsliip at G to 4, the others ranging at from 5 to G to 1. This was principally owing to Crackncll being in the saddle. The Ghost got if anything the best of the lead, followed by Belle Brandon and the favorite, with Gudarz close up. Chloris, however, headed the “supernatural paehy dermata ” at the back of.the course, but on turning into the straight O’Brien shook up the son of Tregeaglc and Ada, and landed him a winner very cleverly by half a length of Chloris, Mr Levin’s mate being third. Time, 1 min. 36 sec. The prizewas the gift of Messrs T. and A. Chirnsidc, of Werribcc Park. WERRIBEE PARK HANDICAP. Of 50 sovs. Seven furlongs. The Ghost.1 Chloris .2 Belle Brandon ... ... ... 3 BATTALION PARADE. A general parade of the Williatnstown Artillery and Naval Reserve was held last evening. Both corps mustered at the drill room, and were marched to the recreation reserve attached to the Botanical Gardens, Captain Fullarton then took com mand of the battalion, and some useful manoeuvres were gone through with com mendable credit. The night was fine and lit by the moon. Afte • parade the men were again marched to the intersection of Cecil and Cole streets and dismissed, the last to disappear being a riderless horse. Previous to dismiss;.! Major Douch ex pressed the hope that there would be a full muster to-day at the funeral of the late respected Gunner Green. The Naval Reserve were also in vited to attend. The following was the parade state : — Artillery — Officers : Major Douch, Capt. - Adjt. Perrin, and Captains Outrun and Goldstein ; there were also eight sergeants present and a rank and file of S6 men, including the band. Naval Reserve—Officers : Capt. Fullarton, Lieut. Robinsou aild Gunner Collins ; seven petty officers and 60 rank and file. OUR NEW SERGEANT. A NiTMiiER of gentlemsn invited Mr Gray, sergeant of police, to meet them at Bruce’s Koroit Hotel, on Friday last, previous to his deps rture from Koroit, to take up his rcsi deuce at Footscray. The Mayor of Koroit pres led, and in opening the proceedings re fern l to Mr Gray’s twelve years’ residence in K n-oit, and expressed his opinion tnat a better officer than Mr Gray could not be fon?: 1 amongst Her Majesty’s forces, and hope l that very soon we should hear of his promotion. The Mayor then asked all pre sent ;o drink the health of Mr Gray, which was done with musical honors. Mr Gray fecli -glv thanked the Mayor for the kind way in which he had spoken of him, and thos • present for the manner in which the teas' had been received. Messrs Norman, Dufi >.s, Keogh, Wilson, Ladg, and tho Mayor onliv med the proceedings with appropriate song ■. A vote of thanks to the Mayor for presiding brought the meeting to a close, every one feeling that a loss would be felt by Mr Gray’s departure, as wlioevor may be chos n to fill his place here, the probability is th: tit will not be as well filled.— IFarmam bool Independent. 