DONAL GRANT." BV QKORGU MACDONALD. Aumos or Alec Fosses, Malcolh, &<!., &0> : ChaFTEB X. ! : i I All this time Donal had nover again seen the carl but once or- twice at a diiitanco. lie had never revealed any interest in, not to say anxiety as to, how Davy was getting on. l-ady Arclura.ontheotkcrhand, had been fullof amoro serious anxietv concerning him. Heavily preju diced against tho tutor by what she had heard > f romherEriend, fihenaturnlly dreaded hispoiaon- ' ing the mind of her cousio, and causing in him the same active indifference, if ono may nse the phrase, towards religion as had manifested itself in i.is brother since last he canio home from St. Cross's— superinduced by nothing lie had beard there, but by tho reading of certain books that had there fallon into his hauds. There was a small recess in the school room — it had been a deep bay window, but from a certain architectural nocowity arising from the decay of age, all the lights of it except ouo had been built up — and in this Donal was ouo day sitting with a book, while Davy was busy writ ing ; it was past schuol hours, hut tho woathur did not invite thom out of doors, nnd Donal had niven Davy a poem to 'copy. Lady Arctura came iuto the" room— as she had nover done before since Donal came, nnd, thinking ho was alone, began to talk to the bey, supposing bo was " kept in " for seme fault, She spoko in a low tone, and Donal, busy with his book, did not for some time even know thnt she was present ; neither, when lie did hear her — though again for some time not a word' bIio was sayiug— diii ho suspect she fancied they wore alone. But by degrees her voice grew louder, aud presently these words reached him — " You.ltnow, Davy dear, ovary sin, whatever it is, and wc can't lire without sinning, for -whatever in not of faith is sin — every sin no- serves God's wrath and curse, both in this life and that which is tu come— for ever and over, Davy dear 1 and if it hadn't been that Jesus Christ gavo himself to bear the punishment for us, God would send' us all to the place of misery. It is for his sake, not for ours, that he pardons us.' She had uot ceased when Donal ro3B in the wrath of love, and came out into the light like an avenging angel. " Lady Arctura," ho said, "I dare not sit still and bear such false things uttered- against tho blessed God.'' Lady Arctura started in dire dismay, but in virtuo of nor breed aud her prido recovered her self almost immediately, and ca led anger to her aid; what right had ho to address her? She had not b|>oken ; he ought to have been silent. And be dared assert bis atheistio heresies- to her very face I She drew herself-'np and said— " Mr. Grant, you forget yourself 1" " I'm very willing to do that, in v lady," said Dona, " but I cannot forget' the honor of my God. If you were a heathen woman I might think whether the liour was oome for enlight ening you further; but to bear one who liasnad tho Bible in her bauds from her childhood say Bucb things about. the God who mado her and sent his Son to Bave her, without answering a word for him, would Ho cowardly I"' "What du you know about these- things? What gives yon a right to speak T' said Lady Arotura, who found her pride- strength already beginning to desert her. " First," answered Donal, u had a Christian mother — have 'her ' yet; thank God !— who taught me to love nothing but thntrnth ; and next, I have studied the Bible from my child hood, often whole days together, when i' was out with the cattle and tho sheep; aud beat of all to give a right to speiik, I have tried to do what the Master tolls lee, almost from the earliest time I can romombor. And I set to my seal th it God is true— that he is light, and tliore is no darkness, either of unfairness or selfishness or human theology in him, whatevor the ministers and any others may faboly teach the people concerning him. f love God with my whole heart and soul, my lady." Arctura tried to say sho too loved him so, but her conscience interfered, and she could not. "I don't say you don't love him," Dnnal went on, " bnt how you can, and speak and believe snob things of liiin, I don't understand. I daren't hear them without saying that who ever taught them first was n terrible liar against God: no man car. lie for God, however he may try it, for Go 1 is lovelier than all the imaginations of all his creatures can think." I-iro he finished the sontoncc, Ludy Arctura had turned nnd swept from the room, trembling from bead to foot. She could not havo told why she trembled. But sho was no sooner out of tho room than she called Davy to como to her. Davy looked up in Donal's face mutely asking whether ho should obey hor. " Go to hor," said Donal. " " I do not inter- fero between you and your cousin — only be tween her and her false notion of Jesus Cnriat'a father." In less than a minute Davy cams back, his eyes full of tears. "Arkie says she is going to tell papa you ara' not fit to lie my tutor. Is it true, Mr. Grant, that you are a dangerous man ? I never thought it — though I have wondered you should carry such a big knife." Donal laughed. "It was my grandfather's skoan dhn," ho said: "I mend my pons with it, as you know. But it is strange, Davy, that when anybody knows something other people don't know, they ore so. often angry with him, and think he wants to mako them bad when he wauts to help them to bo good." „ I " But cousin Arkie is good, Mr. Grant I | " I am euro sho is. - But sho does not know so much about God as I do, or sho would nover say such things of him: we must talk about him more after this 1" " No, no, please, Mr. Grant ! wo wen t say a word about him, for Arkie saya except you pro. mise never to apeak of God to me, she will toll papa, and ho will send you away." 41 Davy," said Donal, with so emnity, " I would not givo you such a promise for tho gift of this grand castle and all that ie in it, no, I wouldn't, to save your life and that of every body in it. For tho master says ' Ho that denicth mo beforo men, him will I dony beforo my father in heaven ;' and rather thau ho should do that, I would jump from tho top of tho castln. Why, Davy ! would a inan deny his own father or mother ?" . "I don't know," nnswored Davio; "I don't remember my mother." " But I'll tell you what," said Donal, with a sadden happy thought, " I will promise not to speak about God at any othor lime if sho will promise to sit by when I do speak of him — say ouoe a week, l'crhsps we shall do what ho tells ua all the better that wc don't talk so much about him." 44 Oh, thauk you, Mr. Grant ! I will tell her," criod Davy, jumping up greatly rolievod. " Oh, thank you, Mr. Grant !" he repeated, " I could not bear you to go away. I should never stop orying if you did. And you won't say any naughty tliingB, will you — for Arky reads her Biblo ovory day 5" " So do I, Davy." " Do you J" returned Davy. " I'll toll her that too, and then she will see she must have been mistaken." Davy hurried to his cousin with Donal'b sug gestion. It threw her into no small perplexity — first from doubt as to tho propriety of the thing proposed, noxt because of the awkward ness of it ; tlion from a liillo f- nr lest bis specious tongue Bliould lead herself into the bypaths of doubt, and to tile castle of Giant Despair — at which indeed it was n gracious woador she had nut arrived bo/oro. What if sho should hu persuaded of things she could nut honestly disbe.iovo, but wliioli yet it was im possible. to believe and bo saved 1 Sho did yet see that. those things ahe desired to boliove wore in themselvos ossontiai damnation. For what coald thero bo in heaven or earth for a soul that believed in an unjust God ? For a heart to rejoico in euch a belief would bo to ho a devil of the worst sort, and to bcliuvc what it could not rejoice in would bo misery. No doubt a man may in a way believe wrong things not soeing that thoy are wrong, but that, while it frees him of tho sin against tho Holy Ghost, cannot keep him. from the wretcheduoss of tho mistake— from the loss of not knowing God as he is ; for who can know him right while he believes wrung things about Him ? That good inon do believe such thiugs only argues their hearts not yet united to fear Him. They dwell on the good things thev have learned about God, and- for get the other things thoy. have- been taught — and forget with an admirable and divine success. And what would Sophy say? Lady Arctura would have sped to her friond for counsel be fore giving any answer to the audacious pro posal, but sho was just then Irani home fur a fortnight,- nnd ahe must resolve on something. Then she bethought herself that it would be a very awkward thing to ask her uncle to take up the matter, especially as: she was by no means sure how he would regard her inter- \- ferenco, without being able to tell him some thing more definite about the yonng man's false doctrine ; and she rebooted aso that, as Bh'e was well groundod in argument,' knowing ail the doctrine of tbo Shorter Catechism, it was absurd to think sbo had anvthing to fear from one who but dabbled in theology in the strength of his own ignorant and presump tuous will, regardless of the opinions of the great fathers of tho church, aud believing only tho tilings that were pleasing to his own on- regenerate nature. Sho did not rofioct that out of the months of the babes and sucklings ft is that ho will perfect praise. The spirit of the ohild is the Spirit of - Christ towards his father — tho spirit of wisdom, therefore of knowledge. But this spirit finds itself happily but a misorablo orphan when it puts its hopo in men even the best and wisest ; how much more whon in men who are but the wretched shadows of thiukoro themsolves strongly imbuo-l with the spirit of this world 1 Lady Arctura would not say no ; but she did not say yes ; an-1 after waiting for a week without receiving any answer to his proposi tion, Donal said to Davy, "We shall have a lesson in .the New Testament to- morrow you had better mention it to your cousin." Tiie next morning ho asked him if he. had mentioned it. The boy 'said ho had. " What did' ahe say, Davy J" : " She said nothing, only lookod strange." When tho hour of noun was past and Lauy Arctura had not appeared, Donal said, "Davy,, we'll havo our Now. Testament losson out of doors ; that is tho best place for it" "That is tho best place," responded Davy, jumping up. "But you're not taking your book, Mr. Grant." 44 Never mind ; I will give you a lesson or two without book first. I havo got it in my hoart" But just as tliey wore leaving the room, tliore was Lady Arctura with Miss Carmiohael approaching it ! " I understood," said Arctura, with tho more haughtiness that she desired to show her posi tion unshaken, " that you " Here alio hesitated, and Miss Carinichael took up tho word. ! " — that you consented to our prosenea ' that wo might form our own judgment on tho nature of tho religious instruction you givo your pupil." | " I invited Lady Arctura to bo present when I taught my pupil," aaid Donal. "Then ure vnu not goiug to givo him a lesson':" said Arctura. "As your ladyship mado mo no reply, and school hours wure over, 1 concluded you were not coming." 44 And you would not givo tho lesson without her ladyship shid Miss Carmiohael. " Very right." "Excuse me," returuod Donal, "wo were going to havo it out of doors." " But you had agreed not to givo hira any so-called religious instruction but in tUoprcsonce of Lady Arotura ?" " By no means. I only offered to give it in her prosonco if she chose. Thero was no qucs- tiou of the lessons being given." Miss Caruiichaol looked at Ltuly Arctura as much as to say — " Is ho speaking tho truth ?" but if sho replied it was in tho same silent fashion. Donal lenew Miss Uarmichnol by sight, bnt had nover spoken to her, nnd had indeed never beforo scon her fuco distinctly, Tho handsome, hard-featured woman wns dressed according to that wave of tho tido of fashion that had readied Aiiclinrs. It was an ugly fashion, but so far ns tasto wns froe to operato that of Miss Carmicha <1 showod itself good— notably better than Lady Arctura's— not that Donal made any remark to himself in the matter. What ho thought was that the lady had a keen, rather bold, look. She wns said to be euguged, to a professor of theology, and I think it very probable, but I do not bo liove sho had over in hor life been in love witll anybody but herself. She was decidedly clover, but hor clevcrncBs mado nobody a straw tho happier ; she was possessed ot no end of assurance, but her assurance gavo courage to no one, and took it from many ; sho had little fanoy, and loss imagination than any othor .woman I ever knew, But thon alio was a good theologian ! — so good that when sho was by yon could not got within eight of God for her theology and herself together. Tho divine wonder wns, as I said beforo, thnt ahe iiad not yet driven such a delicate, truth-loving soul as Lady Arctura's mad. Donal did not at nil relish her interference ; lie had nover said he would givo ilia lesson beforo anyono who chose to ho prosent. That, lie felt, would bo far from fit. Ho could not at first see how to meet tho difficulty One liing only was plain : he could not turn back into tho schoolroom, and sit down again and begin. Without saying what he would do, he put his band on Davy's shoulder, and walked slowly towards tho lawn and the ladies followed. Ho triad to forgot tli- ir presence, and bo conscious only of that of his pupil and the master of ; them both. 44 Davy," ho said, 41 liow do you fancy tho first losson -in the New Testament ought, tb begin ?" ' " At tho beginning," answered Davy,; who had by this timo learned how-to assuror a question directly. 44 But when a thing is perfect, Davy, it is difficult to Bay what is tho .beginning': show moiino of your marbles." Tho boy produced, from his pookot- a puro wiiito ono, of real marble, " That is a good ono for tho purpose,"- said Donal, 41 very smooth and very white,, with just one rod streak in it I Now, whero is. the be ginning of this- marbio ?" 44 Nowhere,',' answered Davy. . "If. I Bhonld say evorywhoro,?" suggested " Ah, .yes," said the boy. i , . "But! agree with you that, it begins ho- whore." " It can't do both." . Oh,, yes, it . can j it begins- nowhere for itself, but everywhere for us. Only, all its be ginnings are endings, and all its endings ore beginnings. Look here,, suppose we heginrat this red streak : it is just there wo Hliould end again. That is beoause- it is a perfect thing. Well, there was one who said,. "X am Alpha and Omega' — tho- first and tho last Greek letters, you know — ' tho beginning nnd the end, the first and the last ;' aud who can there bo to begin ahout but. him ? All tho New Testa ment is about him. Well, listen then as if you hud never heard it before. A great many yeara ago, .about fifty or sixty. grandiuthars off — you understand what I mean by that? — there ap peared in tho world men whosnid that acortain man had boon their companion fur some time aud had just loft them ; that he was killed by cruel men, and buried by his friends ; but, ns he bad. told them beiore bo, would; lay in the -grave only three days, .and roio.from it on tho third, aud- after a good while,, during- whioh thoy saw him several times, wont up into tho sky, and disappeared. It wasn't a very- likely story, .was it?". " No," replied Davy. Here the two friende behind exchanged loolis of horror. Neither . spoke, but- each leaned oagerly forward, . fascinated in the expectation of yet worse to follow. "But, Davy,!' Donal went on, "howevor unlikely it must -lmve-seemed to these, who heard it,, whon you come to. know thukindof man of whom they told it, .you ivill see nothing could bo more suitable than juat . what they said. And, Davy,: I believo overy word of; it, A ripple of contempt passed over Misa Car- michael's face, and thou. yielded again to. that of listening. "For, Davy," continued his. tutor, "tho .man said he. was the son of God, come: down from his father to see his brothers, bis ohildrun, his father's sheep, and.- take back . home with liirn to his father anyono who would eo." , "'Excuse mo,", here interrupted Miss' Car miohael, with a pungent smile, " what he said .was. that if. any inan believed in him ho ehoiild he saved." _ " llun along, Davy," sold Donal, "I. will give you more of wiint be said in- the next lesson. But don't forget what I have told yon now," "No- sir," answered Davy, and ran off to the stable. Donal lifted his hat, and would have gone towards tho river. But Miss Oar- miahael, stopping forward, said, " Mr. Grant, I cannot lot yon go- till you answer me one question ; do yon beliavo in tbo atonontont." 44 1 do," answered Donah "Favor me then with your views upon it," ahe said. " Are you troubled in your mind on tho sub- joct ?" asked Donal. . " Not in tho. least, thank God," she roplied,- witii a alight curl ot hor lip. " Then I see no occasion for piving you my views. Nothing is mora distasteful tor mo than talking about holy things, in a mora analytical fashion." " But I insist." Donal smiled. . 44 Of what consequences can my opinions be to you, ua'am ; or why should you compol a confession of my faith ¥' " Aa the friend of this family, nnd tho daughter of the olergymau of this parish, I have a right to know what your opinions ara — not cortninly for your own sake, but becauso you havo a most important charge committed to you — a child for whoso soul you will havo to account." "For thnt and ail things clso I am account able only to ono." " To Lord Morvcn?" "No." "Yon arc accountable to him fornix you teach his child." " I am not." "What ! ho will turn yon awav at a accountable to him that Bhould never bo " " I do not understand you." " If I were accountable to him for what r teach, I should of courso teach only whit u pleased. But do you suppose I would takJ nny .situation on such a condition? God for- " It is nothing to mo, or his lorship cither r presnrao, what you would or would not do"' " Thon I can bob no reason why you ohm.u detain mo longer,— Lady Arctura, I did iit offer to give my leasonintho presence of anr other than yourself. I will not do so a J? You will bo welcome, for you have a riirfit to know what I am teaching him. If yiH, br;n' another, except it bo my LordMorven. I wifi take David to my own room,11 With these words, ho left them, nor took anv notice of a far from flattering remark of MH» Carmiohael, uttered loud enough for him to hear as ho wont Lady Arotura was sorely bowildored. Sho could u"t out feel that hor friend had not shown to the bettor advantago, and that tha behavior of Donal had been dignified. But aiircly ho was very wrong? What he said to Davy sounded so vory different from what ah. heard at church, as well as from her helper. Miss Carmiehael. It was a pity she had heard so little ; ho would havo gone on if only Sonltv had had patienco and held her ton-mo nor. haps lie might have spoken botteAhin if she had not interfered; It would hardly be fair to condemn him upon so little - lie had said that ho bolioyod every word of the Now Testament — or something very like it I "I havo heard enough," said MUs Car. miehael,." I will apeak to my father at 0000.'' The next day Donal received irom her a note to the following effect ; " Sir — In, consequence of what I felt bound to report to my father of the conver.irliou wo had yesterday, ho desires that you will call upon him at your earliest convenience, no it generally at home from three to live. \'oiw truly, Sophia Aones Oabmioiiaki,." To this Donal immediately replied "Madam — Notwithstanding theintroductioa I brought him from another clcrygman, your fntlior declined my acquaintance, passing ma afterwards as ono unknown to him. From this fact, and from the nature of tho report which your behavior to mo yesterday enables me to dirino yon mnst' havo carried to him, I ess hardly mistake-his object in wishing to scome. I will attend tho call of no man to defend my opinions, and yonr father's I havo hoard almost evory Sunday, since I camo to the castle ; I have beon from childhood familiar with them. Yours truly, Donal On ant." Not another word did ho hear from either of thcra. Whoa afterwards thoy happened to meet, Miss Car miohael took no mora notico of him than her fathor. Bnt sho impressed upon the mind of her - friend that, if unnhle to procure his dismisial by her unclo, she ought to do what she co -.lid to protect her little cousin from the awful and all but inevitable conaequoeces of his false teaching : if sbo was present when he mis- taught liiin li s might perhaps lis thereby pre vented from speaking such wicked things at ho otherwise would, for it was plain ho was ashamed to do so hoforeherl Lady Arctura might oven have some influence, if sho would but take O'urage to reason with him, nnd show him where ho was wronp! Or she might presently find things come to sncb s pass that sho could have no doubt hor unole would listen to her, nnd see tho necessity of turning him away. Shu insisted that, as tho place belonged to Lady Arctura, ber uncle would not go. dcad nuainst hor will, but she did not understand that such a fact was just tho thing to fetter the action of a delicate-minded girl like her. _ Continually haunted, however, with the feoliug that sho ought to do something, sho found at lost that sho dared not absent herself from tho lesson, however disagreeable it was to be present; that sho could do, nnd therofore that sho did. Upon the next -occaaiou, therefore, she op- . pearud in the aehiiolronm at tho hour appointed, and'with a cold bow took the chair Donal placed for hor. 1 "Now, Davy," said Donal, " what have you donp since our last lesson ?" . Da'yy stared. ... ' . "You.didn't tell, me to. do anything, Mr, Grant 1" "No;, but 'did ' it como into your mmd what could'I havo, given yoii the lesson for? Where is the good of.snch a losson if it dmum ' no difference to '.you l' What .'was it 1 told you?" ' J .. : Davy, who had 'nover thought about it 'since,' for tho lesson' had been broken off'bofors Dbhal'. oquld bring, it to its. natural fruit, thought back, and paid—. "That .Jesus Ghrist.roao from the dead. , T did tell you that I Now where la tlis good of' knowing that?" - Davy was silont; lie. knew no good 01 knowing it. He would probably have mails up something had lie known how, hut ho dia not; Tho Shorter Catechism, of which ho Una learned about half, suggested nothing. Be held his peace. . " Come, Davy, I will try to help you u Jeans dead, or is lie alivo?" Davy considered. 44 Alive," ho anawercd. 41 What does ho do ?" Davy did not answer, , 44 What did he die for ? Do you know 5" Hero Davy had a good auHwar, though acu» and dried ono : "To take away our ainS|" ho said; 41 Then what does lie livo for ?" Davy was again hilont. , , " Do you think if a man died for a thing, U would bo likely to forgot it the minute be row . ngain ?" 44 No, sir." . . 44 1 ehoul-1 say, he would just go "" Jj tho same thing as beforo ; therefore bo "Tl, take away our sins. What are sins, Davy r " Bad things, sir." . ,. " Yes ; tho bad tilings wo think, anu t bad things wo feel, and tho bad things vw Have you any sins, Davy ?" 44 Yes ; I am very wioked." "Oh 1 How do you know that?" 41 Arkio told mo." 41 What is being wioked. ?" " Doing had things." " What bad things do yon do ? "I don't know, sir." _t.v«4s " Thon you don't know tbatyouarewioltoaj you only know thnt Arkio told yon so .1 lady Arctura drew herself up, indignant at I his familiar uso of her namo ; but Donal was too intent to perceive tho offonco ho had given. "I will toll you," Donal went on, "some thing you did'wickod to day." Davy grew rosy rod. " When wo find out ono wicked thing wo do, it is a beginning— that is, it wo put it right — to finding out all tho wicked tilings wo do. Some people would rather not find them ont, but havo them hidden from themselves and from God too. But let lis find thorn out, every ono of them, that wo may ask Jesus to tako them away, and help J esus to take them away by fighting them with all onr strength. There ore bad things in yon, Davy — worse than you can lmow yet ; but I will tell you ono thing : I saw y -u pull the little pup's ears till ho soroamed out." Davy hung his head. "And you Btopped a while, and then did it again ? So I knew it wasn't be cause you didn't know that it hurt it. Was that a thing that Jesus would have done whon ho was ft littlo boy J" " No, sir." "Why?" " Boeanso it would have boon wrong." "I suspect, rathor, that it was be- causo ho would have loved the lit tlo pup. He didn't have to think about its being wrong. He loves every kind of living thing ; and ho wants to take away your Bin because ho loves you — not merely to moke you not cruel to the littlo pup, but to take away tho wrong ihfnk that doesn't love tho little pup, and make you, too, lovo every living creature. Ah, Davy, you oannot do without . Jesus." The silent tears wero flowing down Davy's chocks. " The lesson's done, Davy," said Donal, and ro30 and went, leaving tho boy with his cousin.' But just ore he reached tho door, Ho turned Kith a sudden impulse, and said : "Davy, I love J esus Christ aDd Ids father more than I can tell you— more than I can put into words— more than I can think ; anil it you lovo me you will mind what Jesus tells you." " What a good man you must be, Mr, Grant! —Isn't he, Arkie ?' sobbed Davie. Donal laughed aloud. "What, Davie I" ho exclaimed ; "yon think rue vary good for loving the only good person in tho whole world ! That is very odd 1 Why, Davie, I should be the most contemptible creature, knowing him us I do, not to love him with all my heart — yes, with all the | heart I ehall have ono day when ho has done making mo !" " Is God making you yet, Mr. Grant ? I thought you wero a grown-up man 1" " Well, I don't think he will make me any taller," answered Donal ; " but what is inside rue, the thing I leva yon with, and the' thing I think about God with, and the thing I love . poetry with, tho thing I read the Bible with — that thing God kecpa on making-bigger and bigger, I do not know where it will Btop, but I know where it will not stop. That thing is me, and God will keep on malting it nigger to all eternity, though ho has not even got me into right shapo yet." j " Why is he so long about it?1' | " I don't think he is long about it ; hut I know ho oould do it quicker, if I was as good as by this time I ought to havo been, with the father and mother I have had, nnd all my long hours on the hillside with my New Testament and tho sheop. I prayed to God on the hill and in tho fields, and he heard me, Davie, nnd ni&do; me see the foolishness of a great many things, and tho grandeur and beauty of the true things. Davie, God wants to give you the whole world and everything in it ; and whan yon havo begun to do tho things Jesus tells yon, then you will be my brother, and wo shall both be hiB littlo brothers." I With that ho turned again and went. | 'Tito tears wero rolling down Arctura's face without her being aware of it ; for she was saying to herself, " He is a well-meaning man, hut dreadfully mistaken : The Bible says be lieve, not obey !" The poor girl, though she read hor Bible through and through regularly, was so blinded by the dust aud ashes of her teaohing, that ahe knew very littlo indeed of what was actually in it. The most significant things slipped from her as if thuy were merest words without a shadow of meaning or intent ; thoy did not support the doctrines she had been tanght, and therefore said nothing to her. She did not know that the story of Christ and the appealsof these who had handled the Word of Life had a very different end in view from making pcoplo understand how it was that God arranged matters for their salvation from a terror of their imagining. God would have us live ; if wo live we cannot but know ; while all the knowledge in the universe could not make us live. Obcdienco is tho rqad to all things. It i9 the only way to grow able to trust him. Love and faith and obedience are sides oi tho same prism. Regularly after that Lady Arctura- came to the losson— -always intending to object as soon as the lesson was over. But always before thp end came Donal had Btiid something that went so to tho heart of tho honest girl that sho could say nothing. As if sho too had been a pupil, as indcod she was far mora than either knew, sho would rise when Davie rose, and go away with him. But then she would go aloue into the garden, or to her own room, where sometintta she would find horuelf wishing that the things were true whieli yet she vaguely counted vory dangerous, seeing that throngh them Davie and sho too might fail oi escape from tho wrath of a being who had poured out ids very soul to deliver them, because she was tot ablo to feel as sho did her best to feel. 