NEARLY WRECKED. 1»Y THIS AUTttOll Of " wooixo Tin; IjA\V ANl> WINNING THIS LAAVYKM." CHAPTER VIII. NOT BY APPOINTMENT DO WE MEET DELIGHT. "Certainly onoof tho most porfoot gontlomau .1 over encountered, niul handsome, ton ; but t ho Cuthui'H of marriageable daughters do not always consider tlio.so tho most essential points in a son-in-law. " There had boon a small dinner-party at King's Worthy, ami tho ladioa wero just re lit mud to tho drawing-room, When the elder of two matrons, who oeoupiod a oouch all to themselves, made tho abovo observation. t>ho was the now Dean's wife, and a com parative stranger at Toworahostor, and Sirs. Vaughan indulged in a quite smilo as alio replied, "No, but Mr. North possesses oth or qualifications. Besides his birth and brood ing, which wero unexceptionable,he eamo into possession of a very considerable sunt of monoy. I cannot toll you many particulars, but it is generally bolioved that Mr. ami M iss North inherited botwoon them tho entire fortune of a young olliccr who was killed in tlio Twyfonl accident last summer. Ilia father was a very wealthy man ; and as ho and tho late Mr. N ortli were fast friends, it is said that he put a clause in his will constituting Mr. North's children his lieivs in ease his own son should die childless and intestate. Strange to say that, clause eamo into oll'oct, and I suppose Danae's husband ia tho richest clergyman in tho diocese. " " Really ! Well, I should think riches might, ho in worsts hands, " -responded tho Dean's lady. "Then there is Miss North, who is of course considered a very desirable parte, besides bL-ing strikingly attractive, liowis it that hIio is unmarried ?" " 1 really do not know, " Mrs. Vaughan replied ; and she spoko tho truth. "There li no lack of admirers, but " Here tho gentlemen coming in at a door closo to the speaker's elbow, caused her to chango tho topic abruptly. Tho foremost of them glanood round tho room as he entered, and then walked over to an ccartc table, at which a till, pale girl, dressed in black velvet with a line rich foreign lace shading her neck and anus, stood alone sorting out counters. It is impossible to say whether sho saw him approach, for she did not raise hor oyos from her task, but tho faintest indication of pink tinged her pale checks. Seven months hud pissed over Esther North Bincc tho List t niches of her life-story \\* ore put in, and i.hoy had been months of doop and complicated sutloring. Not only on account of the wreck of hor girlish hopes, for timo and tho cruol enforced recognition of his uuworthinoss soon softened that sorrow to rogrot; but, as luv brother once said, " It ia easier to resign the dead than tho living, " and it was for tho lovo of tho living, lovo whoso worth was apparent, not only to her heart, but to her intellect, but which ciuuo no lvenvev to liar as tho months wont by, that Esther grieved now. .Hut of this 110 0110 know anything. Womanhood's deepest sorrows are her un l-jvealed ones. Moreover, for lior brother's s ike, and the salco of that fair, loving girl, who, in those few months, lia<l crept nearer tohor heart than any living thing but one, it was necessary that slio should cloak hor feelings with a fictitious cheerfulness ; and because duty demanded this, Esther did it. If of another quality, her fortit.iulo was was not less in degree than Auberon's. But streams that find no outlet aro apt to borrow for themselves channels underground, and liar once robust and healthy naturo was being fast undermined by sccret passages, through which dark waters that novcr saw tho sun light. flowed, and, as was natural, tho inward c'.iango imperceptibly, but surely, extondecl to her countenance. Against her black hair tho ivory whiteness of her face showed whiter ovory week, and the sad eyes opened depth upon depth of sirrow, like tho circlos of a now Inferno. That Esther needed a change of aomo. sort ovory one admitted, and- there was ono parson who saw and grievod over tho aleration in her more than any otlior, and longed moro deeply to aduiinistor to hor consolation, but his own humility rendered him incapablo of divining tho nature of tho disease, or tho o:ily method of cure. l i e thought it impossible that lie should win a young and beautiful woman's love, and acting' on this liypothosis, ho refrained from asking it. But lie could not tho less prevent tho secret fusion of himself in her ; anil tho fine ilamo devouring his lioart left upon tho outward man some traco of its presence. Not that his Roman features were les3 distinctly outlined, or that his s pi,-ire-framed perpendicularity showed less fully than heretofore, but a few thread-like, horizontal linos whieli wore not on liis large forehead twelve months before, interrupted its otherwise smooth surfaco on that Anril evening, when, in Sir Simon Vavasour's dvawing-room, ho stood silent before the woman ho loved, watching herfaeo and move ments with the curious, sad intentness, which was liis habitual expression when she was by. What thoso white cheeks, that listloss manner, that indefinable world weariness meant, ho could not toll. Perhaps in her demeanour then, and 611 previous oc casions, there woro signs that she wished him to linger by her side ! perhaps not, ho could not read a woman. This reflection was so bitter that it evoked a quito uncon scious sigh, and Esther, looked suddonly up from her occupation, and straight at him, as she had done onco before, perhaps saw in his eyes something she had never observed there previously, for its kindled such a con sciousness in licr own, that she dropped them instantly, and rushed into conversation with a precipitancy very unusual to her. " Have you seen the crocus show in the College grounds ? Auberon and Danae went yesterday, and they say it is finer than last year ! " she exclaimed by way of preface. "No. I have notbeen," heveplied, somewhat absently. "Of course you like flowers?" he resumed, suddenly, and after a pause. " I have a large bad of lilies of the valley under my south wall, which will be in blossom soon. Will you allow me to bring you some then ? I think I have observed that you like them. " Esther wondered when he had made that discover}-, but she said with recovered calmness now, "Yes, they are particular favorites of mine, and if I am at Twyford when they blossom I shall be very clad to accept your kind offiiv. " " Is there some doubt your being there then ? " inquired the Vicar of St. Cross, in a tone that faltered slightly. "Yes?" she replied, keeping her eyes steadfastly averted from his, and controlling an unseasonable desire to cry. " 1 thought you might have heard it already from my brother. Cousin Sopliia and I are going to London, to South Kensington ; and, perhaps if it agrees with us, we may take a house there for nine mouths in the year, or there about. " Mr. Findlater's face was not a mobile one, but there was a subtle working in its muscles just then that testified to some spasam of strong feeling. He spoke very slowly too, as he said, '"Mrs. North will feel very lonely when you are gone. " "She tells me so, " Esther replied, with an affectionate glance at the fair face of her brother's wife; "and I shall miss her more than I can say ; but still 1 think it will be best to go, and Auberon is almost won over to my way of thinking. We have some relatives at South Kensington, and have promised to stay with them for a couple of months first—I mean before we take a house of our own. " You speak as though you were glad to go," said Mr. Findlater, almost bitterly ; "but I forgot," lie added, immediately, in a sadder and softer tone, " it can scarcely be otherwise. " " Indeed, you mistake me, Mr. Findlater,:: she objected, " I shall be very sorry to go— for many reasons ; and I have relatives and friends whom it will be hard to part from. [' "Yes,:: responded licr companion, as though he were .soliloquising; "but it can not be expected that friendship merely should detain you, or fraternal alloctinn either. There is only 0110 thing Mini, could, and that—that in wanting," Ho turned abruptly away, and stared into tho tiro; and such a sudden trembling seized 13st,lvor's hands, that sho ovorsut tho piles of counters that had takuu so long to build up. Simultaneously, Danao, who had boon hunting for oards at tho other end of tho room, and chattering gaily meanwhile to hor cousin Mabel Yaughan, exclaimed, "Now, ladies and gentlemen, if wo are to havo any viwji-ct-Mi to-night, it is time to begin. Mr. Find later, you are ruining your conploxion before that lire ; will you not accopt ft seat by my side, and please bring Sissy too ; sho is hiding in tho corner bolund you. Uncle Islay and Mrs, Esmond, will you oomo I Tho Dean and papa aro having a ritbbor of whist, so thoy shall bo excused. Two, four, six, eight—now wo aro all horo. By dint of practice 1 think I shall malco a passablo whippor in for a whippor-snapper—don't you think so, Auntio I Auboron, you deal. " ******* Tho next morning was fmo and very warm for April, and leather, whoso pallor had not been lessoned by a night's rest, and whoso perturbed feelings made Miss Leslie's mild 'platitudes well-nigh intolerable, determined to seek tho relief sho so much needed in a solitary walk. Auberon and Danao liad driven into Toworchcster to mako somo purchases, and to leave their cards at the now Dean's liouso ; they would not bo back till lunch-timo alio knew, so thoro were two clear hours at her disposal. • She had resolved how to spond them, and the only question to' bo ducidod was whither should sho wander. Not through tho village ; thoro acquaintances might see and stop her ; not by the rivorsido, that was haunted ground ; but thoro was a little un frequontod lano, very shady in summer, and shadowy evon then, which, perhaps, owed its existence as a road at all to someone's laudablo desire to divesify their journey to Towerchestor, sinco after many twists and and bonds, it terminated thoro ; and Esthor determined because it was so solitary and quiet that her routo should lie along it. So, 011 leaving hur brother's grounds, sho turnod oil' to tho loft, and was soon liiddon by tho green areado that sloped down to tho river. This was spanned by a two-plank bridge for foot passengers—horses had to trample through tho shallow water, for 0110 of tho village's two fords was upon this spot. On .the other side, the lane sloped up ivrnin be twoen rounded and hollow pastures, whence the plaintive bleat of young lambs, mingled with tho shrill notes of the cuckoos singing their vernal song in tho reoossos of some knot of foliage, and Esther went slowly along it, listening to these sounds, and obsorvant of the primroses and violots coloring and perfum ing the hedge-banks she passed, but too heavy hearted to make any response by thought or deed to tho mute Bolacings of naturo. Earth's juvenoscence seemed to make tho contrast of her own wasting youth all tho sadder to her ; tho now grcon clothing of tho trees which winter had denuded, fresh flowers and soft, moist, flexible loaveB grow ing up among tho crumbled romnants of Inst year's prido, served to remind her all tho moro forcibly that man's spring-time comes but once. With such thoughts in her mind it was not surprising that she looked out on tho smiling world through tear-dimmod -oyns, nor that tho winding lane should have taken her well nigh two miles from homo without her boing aware of it. But this was a fact of which sho was suddenly reminded as a turn in tho road disclosed to her view a singular, and to non antiquarians, inexplicable, broak in tho hither to pastoral scenerv. Straight in front of hor was a stretch of stono wall, broken, ruinous, moss-grown, and as old as tho Roman occupation of Britain. This was tho outer and only remaining wall of a tomplo of Diana, and now for tho spaco of about thirty foot it supplemented tho hodge, and formed the southern boundary of a succession of undulating moadows that stretched away to Towerchester. In tho centre of this shell was an arehod doorway, for centuries doorloss, and within this aporture modern utilitarianism had erected a stile? Tho wall reminded Esther of tho distance she had come, tho stilo rocalled the fact that she was weary, and shohad just placed her foot upon its lower stop with tho intention of seating herself upon the upper ono, when an unexpected sight mot her eyes and arrested hor movements. Coming, moditating, down tho slopes of tho opposite fiold, with his oyos ou his boots, was tho stalwart iiguro of tho Vicar of St. Cross. Surprise for a moment paralysed all tho muscles in Esthor's frame, but tho noxt instant another fooling set thorn all in activo motion. Whether it was the porverso instinct that so frequently leads feminino feet to flee in tho opposite direction to their affections, or whether somo subtle fear of offending him by intruding upon his solitude, prompted her action, I cannot say, but at any rate, she took hor small right foot off tho step, and putting it forward in a most unmistakable style, went along tho lano at a brisker pace than sho could havo thought possiblo to herself live minutes before. But in lior haste tho fair pedestrian liad overlooked or forgotten tho largo gap cr>n structed by juvonilo mischief, which yawned between the terminating wall and the re commencing hedge, and roaching it, body and brain were brought to a sudden stand still by the unexpected uttoranco of two words, " Miss North. " Tho tone in which that brief appellation was pronounced was utterly removed from anything she had expected as a boginning. Ttwaslowness and quite acconted, an em phasis of deep meanings, their form at tho time being scarcely expressed. But often to say little is to tell more than to say a great deal, and by the more utterance of her name, Mr. Findlater had opened a whole world of undreamed realities to Esther's wondering consciousness. " Well you wait a few moments ho said, as he came down the bank. "I will not detain you long ; I was on my way to your house, for 1 have something to tell which forces itself to be told, and as I lisvo come upon you so suddenly I must speak it without preface. Miss North, sinca I boheld you all my earthly wants have been merged in one, and it will not abide in me silent any longer. Beyond all things, I want you for mv wife." Tlic solemn simplicity with which ho spoke impressed Esther as she had never expected to be impressed again ; but partly because this wooing was so unlooked-for, and partly because the maimer of it differed so widely from the previous one, her first intolligiblo feeling was surprise. Something of this must have been expressed in her face, and he, standing before her with his hands closed upon his stick, must have seen it, for he said, "I have been too sudden. I ought to have approached you tirst with courteous flatteries, and put my rugged feelings into a graceful-shape, but I did not know how ; it was too late for me to learn such tilings, and all I can say is that I love you, I love you, and my life will go henceforth upon a broken wing unless you can consent to become a part of it." All the little color that ever was in Esther's face had fled entiroly out of it; the full com prehension of her dispaired-of happiness temporarily overwhelmed her; her head swam, the muscles of her limbs relaxed, and she would have fallen to the ground if Mr. Findlater had not caught her 011 his arm. How long lie supported her so, or what he said meanwhile she never knew. What she first noticed were some large spots of moisture 011 a bliTek surface, just below her line of vision, and then she knew that she was cry ing upon his shoulder. "My darling," he whispered, "have I shocked you when I should have soothed 1 Have I said what ought to havo remained unspoken, and aroused memories all too painful for you ? Esther, God is the witness to my own soul, that if your happiness could be furthered by undoing the past, and it were in my power to place at your side a husband who would be dearer to you than I can, 1 would do it." She tried to speak, to make some response, but the rising sobs chocked her. ''I know that it was a great deal to ask— for a man like mu to ask," ho wont on, with a noble, because unconscious, humility, " that any woman should eonlido lior lutppinoas to my keeping; but I think 1 would try to guard it tenderly, moro tenderly than a youugor man might do, and cherish her lovo bettor, bocauso I have waited for it, ao long. I am forty-one years old, and my life is an incomplete one still, and I know it must remain so from this hour to the end, unless you will complete it." His voice had grown lower aud moro murmurous, and his lust words lloatod away on tho still air like tho ghosts of sound. Esther was not a passionate or an impetuous woman, und horostoem for this doop-naturod man had existed as such for months before it Was merged in lovo, but sinco then it had possossou her ontiroly, and tho fact of its hav ing boon kopt in aboyanco so long made its accumulated forco moro than slio could express. It was genuine lovor's lovo on both sides, and that is tho least easily con voyed in spooch. " Esther, decide quickly," ho said aftor nil intorviil, and in a voiceless whisper. "This silspoiiso is torriblo." Sho started as ho spoko, and, standing a little apart from liini so that she might see his face, looked up to it, whilst lior quivoring lips pronounced the one word—" Paul!" WHat a volumo that word expressed for him who lovod her! "Am I mnd 1 Is it a droam ?" ho oxelaiuied, holding her at arm's longtli, and gaaing into tho soft dark eyes, whero for tho first timo ho saw his own mirrored. "Let mo hero you say it is tvuo ; I cannot believe it till you do, Suy you lovo 1110." " It is truo I do lovo you, Paul, and I will bo as good a wifo to you as I know how." Ilo looked for a moment witii fixed eyes, like a man suddonly wakenod from doop slumber. Thon ho said, "It is twonty-throe years sineo I touched a woman's lips—my mother's. Esthor, you say you aro going to bo my wifo, will you lot mo kiss yours in token that it is truoV To that request sho inado no reply, and a moment aftorwards, when his cheek was laid on hers, ho whispered in her car, " Realis ation has conio to mo at last, and I feel that my life is completed." What Esther might have said in roply did not transpire, for at that moment tho un expected sounds of wheels became distinctly audible, and a light basket carriage, hitherto hidden in a bend of tho road, camo suddenly in sight. Esthor eolored up to her oyos. " It is Auberon and Dnnae como back tills way!" she exclaimed. " What shall I do? Oh I lot mo go, Mr. Fiiullator, please 1" But instead of complying, ho drew her hand through his arm and stood firmly by. Auboron biw thorn, of course, and ho drew roin forthwith, but ho was not the man to indulge in extravagant exclamations—lie left those to his wife, who, her lovely faoo aglow with exercise and happiness, cried out exul tantly as a profaco to throwing her arms round her sister's nock, "Sissy, Sissy, how about South Kensington now !" and whilst Esther was making up her mind how to answer this inquiry, Danao Unshod round upon Mr. Findlater, and grasping his largo hand in both of her small ones, vowed that she almost loved him for making Esthor look so happy. The Norths wero driving alono, and Auberon calmly socurod tho roins boforo ho got out of tho carriage, and followed his wife's impetuous congratulations by kissing his sistor's cheolc and ringing his friend's hand. Then ho said in his own emphatic way, "If anyone can mako you forgot tho past, Esthor, I believe tlio gontiemau by your sido can do so ;" and tlion to his oloct brother-in-law ho said, "Mako her happiness, Fincllater, and she will mako yours." "And now both of you got into tho carriago," oriod Danao, loading tho way. " It will bo rather a squeeze, but that does not signify for onco." And whon thoy woro all packod in, alio whispered to her husband: "Was it not a good tiling you lot mc havo my own way, and ciuno the long road homo 1" And bocauso she put hor face so very cloao to his when sho asked tho question, or for somo other moro occult reason, grave Auberon North stooped his head a little till his lips touched his wifo's. Very likely, ho thought, the pair behind wero not in a condition to be allocked by a slight informality of that kind. •*###### Tho South Kensington project was given up, as, of course, Esther's health mended so rapidly that no one saw tho noed for any change beyond a short holiday trip to the Isle of Wight. And, before long the following announce ment appeared in tho local and chief London papers :—" Fiiullator—North.—On tho — May, nt tho parish church of Twy ford,ITauts, by tho Rev. Auboron North, assisted by the llov. lslay Vaughan, tho liov. Paul Findlater, vicar of St. Cross, and Profossor of Anciont History, to Esther, only daughter of tho late Percival North, of Garden Court, Temple, barrister-at-law." THE END. 