ODD NOTES, BY A BOHEMIAN. (From The Week ) The elections last Monday proved moro disastrous to tho Ministry than was expeoted. In spile of Bpccial trains and Gurgott's gang from the Brisbane Valley railway, who worked like niggors and polled aB often 03 they had tho opportunity, th« othor side woro ' one too ?nany ' for thom last Monday, and so.ured six scats out of tho sovon. Iho Ministerial side mode cock-sure of getting Tho O'Sullivan in for Carnarvon, and had gr.-at hopos of .if Hock for Darling Downs, Benjamin for Warwick, and Douglas for Dray ton and Toowoomba, but tliAv fnilmi in pTorr infttnnpn. Thn fnpt is tllflt the ministerial tuctics at tho Aubigny election could not be adopted in all their full force and simplicity on Monday — tho Opposition candi dates, or rathor their election committees, took measures to counteract them, and wero success ful to a great extent. Even Gargott's brigade, indefatigable as they were, could not vote a sufficient number of times to make a majority in any single electorate mimed. I -was not a bit surprised at Douglas get ting well- beaten at Drajton and Toowoomba I should have been very much surprised if he hadn't — almost as much surprised indeed as ( was at hi» coming out as a candidate for that electorate under the auspices of the Minister for Lands. My old friend ha? now had his fling and can make up his mind to retire into private life for a few years, unless something very unexpected happens. I expected A flleck ?would 'run Kates very hard if he did not beat him on the Downs, but here again the admirable arrangements made by the other side for preventing personation and doable or treble voting, told sadly against Affleck. At Warwick he polled a majority; and under the supposition that this decided tho contest in his favour, his supporters then insisted upon ' chairing' him, that is they carried him in a chair on their shoulders from the polling place to his hotel as a conquering hero. The returns from the other polling places soon ' knocked all the stuffing ' out of this Idea, figuratively speaking. 'Hie ' chair ing ' party had to sorrowfully confess, later on in the evening, that they wero rather prema ture in thoir rejoicing. But Iho defeat of The CSullivan for Carnarvon has been tho severest blow to tho Ministry and an im portant section of the party that supports it that they have yet had toendure. It is quite truo that Protestants and base and sanguinary Saxons are now pretty well weeded out of all tVe lower ranks of railway employes, and there is little danger of the men who have been put in their places being disturbed so long as they behave themselves. But O'Sullivan was so useful to the Ministry in many other ways not ne cessary to specify, and could be so thoroughly depended upon for services which few m n can or will render a Ministry, that I do not know how the dickens they will get on without him. Even 'Doctor' Hamilton and Fred Cooper put together woronotequaltj O'Sullivan. But he will have to be done without now. He, too, has been most unmirtakeably relegated to private me xur u uuiv, us uc wuuiu ue ut lllfcie use in the Legislative Council. This last batch of elections lets the Ministry out in a most unmistakeable manner. A letter from a gentleman, who is just now travelling on the Downs, somewhere in the neighbourhood of Leyburo, reveals to me th-° fact that the same old system of preventing small Boloctors from getting hold of asy Usd worth having— any land from which it U possible for them to earn a living either now cr at any future time — is still in active operation. Ens is what my correspondent wrika respecting some runs he has recently traversed : — Part of these runs have been resumed s=d tfcrowa open for selection in blocks of £0 10 10} i*ctea ; twei, strange to say, it is every hit of it selected ; bnt how tho poor devils live is a mystery. There is not one of them that has got a drop of water on b.13 ground. The? have to drive their stock sometimes miles to a well, and haul rater for them ; 'on: that is not diffi cult, for moat of them haven't got any stock 10 water. Tha fact ol the matter U this : wten the squatter saw that part of bu run had to be renamed for selection, he used hii inflnprre aid got the very worst, dr.v, stony, back part proclaimed *s a Lomeiteod aren. He thereby got a lot or siz&m; taer, 4c, to take up 80 to 160 acres (for they co-aid not get more), and theieby secured a supply of laioar far his station at his own terms, for no inn ci= mate a living off 80 or lliO acres here, and the l»w compels him to live on it. Therefore be V}n^''^ a home, and works for the squat ter at whatever wages ha likes to pay him. Of course, there are exceptions, but what I say is tbe rule ; lor you can see them (the ' cockys,' as they are called) now at the stations making a few pounds by shetring and washing, ic. I do not think thcro is an aore or good lanl with water frontage un tho Downs available for the small selector. It reads just for all the world as though it had been written sixteen or eighteen years ago — ? don't it, now ? This ia the way in which the present Ministry encourage Battlement on the country lands, and Mr. Morehead told the electors of Carnarvon the other day that if Griffith comes into power and carries a bill through Parliament to grant indefeasable leases of areas which small pastoral farmers really can get a living from —the dummying of these areas will bo carried on to an enormous extent, as it can be done as easy as kissing your hand, or singing in bed. Very likely he is right. I don't know anybody whose word on such a subject is entitled to moro weight than Morehead's. He has studied tho subject in all its various bearing!, and has, from ling experi enco, acquired an intimate tind practical know ledge wmen gives great aucnority to any state ment he may make on a question of this kind Still, the old system of dividing runs so that ' the most worthless and useless half is always and inva'iably thrown open for selection and getting all the best parts of that half dummied, has been going on vigorously for the last eighteen years with no sign of abatement, and no ghost of a chance for anybody but the big cormorant squatter, alone, or as a member of a syndicate, and I think it is about a fair thing now to try the other plan for a time, if only to break tho monotony of tho old routine. I see by tho ' Comparative Statement ' of the Colonial Treasurer's revenue returns, pub lishtd in the daily papers on Wednesday, that Tie had a credit balance on the 30th of lust September of £613,691 15s. Si. I am not a bit Burprised at it. I should not have been sur prised if it had been doublo the amount, seeing how many ways the Government have of scoop ing in revenue, and how skilful the Government officers are at making the public ' bleed extra '? on every possible occasion. Talk about ' sharp praetico' and getting 'bitten through bo'.h ears ' — why if I were inclined to gamble on the snbject, I would back at long odds Borne of the Government departments against the keenest and moat unscrupulous Israelite in the colony at making a man pay double or treble what he ought to pay in any monetai-y * transaction he may have with thom. You see the Civil Service has the whip-hand of tho general public, becauso they (tho Civil ^crrice of course) can create tho source of extra re vonuo before they begin to draw upon it, and tho publio are utterly powerless all the time. Take tho Eailwiy Department, for instume Tho railway officers have a number of ways by which thoy can mako porsons pay doublo or treble tho ordinary rato by a littlo ' hanky panky' dodging. Thercwas tho casomentionod in the papors last week of charging doublo freight on a parcel becauso tho carriage was not pro-paid by affixing stamps to it. Then Mr. Jlurwedel.of Toowoomba, mentions in anoUitr column a littlo dodge by which tho Commis sioner for Railways inado a man bleed vory freely at Cambooya recontly by carrying him a steam engino to that place, omit ting for two days to provido a chain Btrong enough to unship tho machinery from the railway truck to the bullock drays there waiting to recoivo it and then charging the consignoo for domurrago of tho railway truck for the two days that tho railway authorities kept hi n waiting for a chain with which to unship his machinery. I have anothor case in point. This is what a correspondent writes : — . . ... lust month I had occasion to send a small violin in a case from Brisbane to Sydney by the A.3.N. Com rftpy'f* steamer.. After a long search I found a ship ling clork. Ho charged me 2s. «d., and then told mo should have to pass entries. After doing this u. six penny stamp ni affixed to tho documont, and I was told M send it to my correspondent, and ho would Lo nblo to voceivotbo parcel. I was fairly surprised at his »cudiug jno word he was made to pay auotbor 2s. 6J., witli an additional Is. 6d. for entries. Now, 7s. is no small chargo on a small parcel nut even sovou pounds weight, nor worth moro than 8-'s. I am not quite clear whether this 7a. touch for sending a 30s. violin from Brirbano to Sydney is a Government or an A.S.N. Company's impost, but am inclined to think it must be tho Government. The charge is too extravagant to bo made by a private company that does business on businoas principles. ' If any one is venturesome enough to exer cise to the fullest possible extent the right of private judgmopt in matters of religion, brings to the task a reverent and receptive frame of mind, and cliegs tenaciously to tho teachings of the founder of Christianity as they uro given in the four Gospels - clings to them and uccepts them as of iiiGuitely higher autho rity than anything subsequently said or written by faul or Fetor, and honestly, humbly, and sincerely strives his very best to live up to those teachings on week days as well as eun days at homo and abroad— that man or woman will come out right in tie end, depend upon it, no mutter what tho churches may say to the contrary.' This is what the late George Daw son, of Birmingham, 25 years ago was in the habit of impressing upon a number oE young men who used to look up to him as their guide, philosopher, and friend, and pluce implicit confidence in his judgment on such matters. It was impossible to know George Dawsun intimately and r.ot have confidence in him — at least that was the conclusion a la-go number of young fellows eame to. But this Gtorge i)uw son was a heretic of a very pronounced type. He held that it was tho bounden duty of every one to think the thing out for himself and be able to give a reason of hU own for the faith that was in him, whether it agreed with the conclusions previously arrived at by others or not. He bpld in very low estimation the man who depended solely for his religious belief on some catechism, thirty-nine articles, Westmin ster confession, or something of that kind, and only exercised tho right of private judgment so long as it led him to conclusions in strict con formity with these standards. This, so I have been told scores of timos since, is just where he was altogether wrong. It may be so. Any way, a number of people do not eeem to be able to thoroughly mike up their minds either one way or the other, ttnd are consequently m a Btate ot suspense more or less painful all their lives, which must bo more unsatisfactory to them even thun if they definitely accepted the ' standards ' or set up one of their own. An English paper re cently to hand gives an illustration. A good woman at Gainsborough, so it says, was on her death-bed, and knew it, so she called, or had called in, quite a number of ministers of religion belonging to the various denomi nations in the neighbourhood, including a priest of the Roman Catholic Church, a clergyman of the Church of .England, a minister of the Weeleyan body, and a Primitive .Methodist preacher. She took these gcntlo men in regular order, turn and turn about, and approved of their ministrations so much that until the very last she tould not decide which among the number she believed in most. She never did decide in fact, but died with a taint of all those denominations about her. New, how would you classify that woman ? 