Notes of the Week. It is the duty of the last number of the old year to make express best wishes for the happiness and pros perity of the new. We stand literally upon the threshold of the new in this number. All the past is unrolled behind ; all the promise of the new rises before ; and every member of the community whose perceptions have so far developed as to recognise the chances of times and seasons, the significance of dawn and eve, must feel a sense of greeting and, unless the balance of life is unmistakably in the rear, of expectancy and hope. The young will endeavour to forecast — will picture images of the possibilities of the future upon the all-concealing mists that take shape at will, but never lift so as to disclose the bare and uncompromising fact which advances or towards which we advance with such unchanging precision, The old will look back and gather up the memories of the years that are past, the dead boneB that were once so full of life, the relics of projects that seemed so majestic in the forward perspective of time, but now possessed were hardly worth the winning. It is only the very strong man who stands upon the very edge of timej and looking neither before nor behind gathers every blade of the harvest of the present, who moves upon the actual wave of circumstance, and takes advantage of each successive rise — only the very strong and it cannot be said the_ always happy man, for there is much joy in striving to realise the thing to be, and joy mingled with sorrow in gathering the ghosts, the relics, the garnered fulness of the past. Happy be thy dreams, young reader, whose mind is all in the bright to-be. Comfortable be thy reflections, old friend, whose long past seems better to ponder on than the little film of future to concern thyself with. With which we turn to the cold facts of the present— the actual circum stances of the week. ? Notwithstanding the alarming cablegrams of a week or so ago our loan has gone off well — remarkably well. We asked for £3,003,000 at par, and we are to get it at 12s. 6d. premium. As seven and a-half millions sterling were tendered for, we probably might have had twice as much as we asked for on our own terms. The price is 10s. more than we got for our July loan, But then the money market was strong. Now it is easy and, but for the broker's outcry, we should probably have got more for the loan. As, however, -so much was made of our going for two loans within a Bhort time, we may be thankful that the last has gone off so well as it has done. 'NVe _ have had to make no harassing promises as required, that we should not apply for another loan within 18 months. We may have to apply, for money is being spent very rapidly on rail ways and public works, and it may be necessary to recoup the Consolidated Revenue to the amount of the advances to the Loans Account. With that prospect, and in the light of the stockbroking stratagems to corner us whenever it can be done, our Government will only be doing its duty by taking advantage of the money market at the most convenient period. Concert with other colonies would be attended with advantage. In the construction of our railways we shall all re quire large addition to our loans ; and it is of vital importance that our arrangements for their ne gotiation should be as complete as possible. None should be allowed to clash with others. By judicious arrangements between the various Governments Australasia would save many thousand pounds annually. No doubt the colonies are necessi tous, but so are British capitalists. We want their money, they want our good interest and security. They have what we lack, and we have what they lack ; and in mutually accommodating one another on the basis of an ordinary business transaction it is obvious that if we are to get full value we must be prepared to show what we have as fully as possible, and keep it before the investing public of Great Britain. The Standard says that the present danger of Aus tralian colonies lies in their excessive borrowing. That sort of borrowing is of course a danger. But what is excessive borrowing ? Some English journals, including the Standard, appear to forget that New South Wales borrows to construct reproductive works, especially railways. The country cannot be opened without them, and as yet there is a great deal to be done. That this is a safe course to pursue is proved by our railway returns, which show a good interest on the capital invested. It may not appear so clear to some English minds as to minds here that the worth of a country is so greatly enhanced by railways, that that increment of value is a telling asset in addition to the works in which capital has been invested. The success of the last loan, which is already quoted at one per cent, premium, suggests that there are English capitalists who understand Australian af fairs rather better than they are understood by some English journalists. Another most horrible outrage upon an aged and defenceless woman is reported in our late news columns this week as having occurred at Mount Car rael, Waterloo, on Tuesday night. The victim is dead, and happily the police action has been so prompt tbat a number of persons upon whom suspicion natur ally falls are already in custody. It is of course pre mature to offer an opinion as to their guilt. The inquest has yet to be held, and com mittal must precede full and impartial trial, liut should conviction follow, it is surely unnecessary to point out that there can be no reasonable or legi t'mate appeal for mercy. Had the gallows been ; holished by a plebiscite of the nation, such crimes as ? his would be good and effective cause for its j ; - erection. The savagest isle of Polynesia has no 1 lacker blot upon its humanity ; and this crime stands and must be tried with another. The murder of Elizabeth Phillips is as yet unavenged. The two cases appeal as with one voice to justice, which assuredly will not permit vengeance to tarry. And the night of Christmas Day was chosen out of all others as the time for this crime. While every family circle of the city was united in festivity this poor outcast was dragged to her horrible fate. It is reasonable to ask, how is such crime bred in the city ? And, while giving every commendation to the police for their promptitude to arrest, it is well to say that were the clauses of the Vagrant Act a little more stringently enforced opportunity would in some degree be killed. Are there not scores of such outcasts as this camping nightly on the waste places of the city and the parks r And is not the crime which does not quite reach murder very frequently committed ? From a strategical point of view, the position of France in Tonquin is now exceptionally good. The French have lately been successful in every engage ment, and by the taking of Sontay have one of the only two remaining strongholds of the country in their hands. Sontay lies about 20 miles from Hanoi up the Bed Biver. Backninh is upon another branch of the same delta, about the same distance inland, but slightly to the north-east. It is by no means a formid able citadel, and with a resolute well-planned attack will probably fall into French hands ; upon which France is absolute master of Tonquin, and can hold on and abide an invasion or attempt a march on Fekin. The former would be the wise, but may not on that account be the French course. It would probably be far too delightful a thing to sign a treaty ohez the Uncle of the Moon for French vanity to withstand. At the taking of Sontay no quarter was given. France may say that this is just and reasonable revenge. Human nature is apt to run free and far when startled by the discovery of captured comrades' trunkless heads. But is it a wise begin ning: It should be recognised that China is only weak because supine. She has a force that if moved and trained ought to be able to roll the little armament France thrusts upon her backward to its native shores, and follow it with a wave so high that those shores should have to do some marvel of warfare to escape being utterly over whelmed. France may fret the skin of the nation till its weariness prompts the concessions demanded ; but if, with such drastic measures as 'No quarter' she probes the heart of its vitality, the trouble may grow and the resistance increase with each successive defeat. In the end France may prove more than a match for China, but the Chinese are hardly a people to be trifled with. ? The junior and senior public examinations of this year are in advance of those of last year in some im portant points. Country readers will be glad to see the full lists, because, after sundry corrections made, 61 Public schools are left in the junior examinations, many of them being country schools. The tabulated results of these examinations show a marked inequal ity between subjects as to which candidates ought to have been pretty equal. Arithmetic and geometry come out well ; not too high. Nearly all the candi dates show well in these subjects. Of course they are what are termed exact branches of study. There may be [half a dozen ways of solving a problem in algebra, but if any solution answer the conditions of the problem it must be taken. But who is to determine the degrees of merit in the parsing of a sentence in English ? All schools the world over use the same rules in mathematics ; but what two schools use the same text books in English, and how is it known what form the examination will take r The results in English are not satisfactory. Whether at this stage the fault belongs to examiners or teachers or children is not apparent ; unless we reason that the candidates who pass well in one set of rudi mentary subjects should be able to pass as well in another set of rudimentary subjects. Some thing will have to be done ; the matter cannot rest where it is. Teachers and parents will be unwilling to rest under the cloud that their children don't know their mother tongue. It would be fair to Public schools if the subjects were divided into two classes. Some of them are special, and are taken up by a few schools whose masters happen to have a penchant that way. The result is that many children appear with a low* average of passes ; aud those who gain the highest number still fall below one-half the subjects set. The discontent this year, not at favouritism, but at what appears like disregard towards a better method, may work a change in the classification. Now candidates are noted as 'high' or 'low.' It is suggested that the number of marks possible to be j obtained should be published, and the number actually gained by each candidate in each subject. Putting these together, it might be seen that some noted as having passed low had gained more points than others who in fewer subjects had been ranked high. The object of the examinations, of course, is to show how a candidate did pass, that his subsequent education may be shaped accordingly. Those who , failed will for a time be discouraged, but they will see that it is much better that they should try to reach the standard set up than that the standard should be lowered to accommodate them. The Brisbane Grammar schools have again carried off both the Fairfax prizes at the junior examination, and so once more there is joy among our neighbours and lamentation in Sydney. The awards show that there is no foundation for any charge of favouritism, but certainly justify the opinion which was expressed in Saturday's issue by a correspondent — namely, that the present mode of publishing the result of these ex aminations is unsatisfactory. The prize for girls is awarded to the Brisbane candidate who is returned as having passed ' high' in six subjects and ' low ' in one, whilst the Sydney candidate, who is returned as proximo aeeessit , passed ' high ' in all the seven subjects. The prize, which is for general proficiency has, of course, been awarded on the aggregate number of marks obtained, and it is contended that this principle should be applied to all the returns. In many of the schools and colleges the school prize is awarded on the results obtained at the junior exam inations. Had these two young ladies belonged to one school, the teacher would have been compelled to award the prize to the girl who was credited 'with seven 'highs,' and yet, as the award of the ex aminers shows, such a decision would have been an unjust one. If the maximum value of each paper were given, and also the respective number of marks attained, the teacher would be able not only to ascer tain the general proficiency standing of each pupil, but also to inform himself of the several subjects in which his scholar needed special attention. In the very important matter, water supply for domestic purposes, Forbes has set a laudable example. 'While the residente of many other towns have been talking about what should be done, the municipal council of Forbes have been working. The members of the council were not slow to recognise the fact that it would not be either a difficult or a costly work to bring water from a pure source. They employed an engineer to prepare plans. Upon these they acted. The first step was to borrow £6000 from a fellow townsman at a fair rate of interest, and the work was promptly commenced. It is now completed, At the river, in a commodious building, there are fixed two Tangye pumps, each capable of throwing 5000 gallons per hour the height and distance required. From the pumps to the filter of the reservoir, which is placed on a suitable hill, 2356 feet of 6-inch iron piping is laid. The reservoir is a circular brick structure, 46 feet in diameter and ll£ feet high. Its wall, which is so built that the floor level of the tank may be slightly below the ground level around, is in thick ness 5 'feet at base up to 5 feet, from which point it tapers to 18 inches, the excavated earth being banked up all around it. The filter attached to one side of the reservoir ts 20 feet long by 12 feet wide. From this point, by gravitation, through 2756 feet of 6-inch and 4430 feet of 4-inch piping, the town will be supplied. This haB been done for the sum of about £8000. The interest will not be more than £480 per year. Assuredly the benefits obtained by such action will compensate the townspeople for the small outlay In stead of drawing their supplies from wells in back yards or from tanks in which filth of various kinds may rest, the pipes will furnish a wholesome fluid from the broad and trustworthy Lachlan. Our South Australian neighbours are intent upon making their Northern territory known. But first of all they have set to work to know it well themselves. It appears that much of the country lying west of the Gulf of Carpentaria is very good. There is land that will grow cereals, and other land that Is suitable for cattle. Now the report is that much of this Northern territory is good for gold and tin. Mr. Lindsay, who has just returned from that Eldorado, says that ' almost in solid mass ' tin is found. This solid mass of tin had better be taken with a few grains of salt ; there is no need to take tin in solid masses. However, the geologists have said nothing to discourage the hope that there may be mineral wealth on that 6ide of the continent equal to any on this side. Gold is being found, but prob ably not in solid masses. The great want for all these industries at present is water. It stops gold digging, agriculture, and squatting, and as yet it is useless to talk about conserving water, for it is not there to be conserved. And still cattle from Queensland are drafted over into this South Australian possession. It is very good of the Queensland people to do this. Their neighbours will take it kindly that practically they are jumping a good slice of this northern land, future settlements may affect the seasons and bring more rain ; let us hope so. But if, at this moment, there were' all the conditions of a perfect settlement, who would go and live there? There are not enough people on this side yet ; and that is within the tropicB. If it is to be occupied it must be by persons who adopt that side for life — for better, for worse ; and then they may need the help of Asiatics to till the ground and to guard their flocks. Northern Australia and the in dustries to be carried on therein will certainly involve this question. On this side we have given our voice. Asiatics may come here only in very spare numbers. The mixture of different races, some weak and some strong, it is alleged, will make them all weak. But is it intended to play the dog in the manger ? This is quite certain : If explorers continue to return and to give these glowing accounts of good country on rivers, and tin in a solid mass, there are Asiatics whose appe tites will be whetted to see so goodly a hmd. If they work the country it must still be governed from this side. It is a part of our splendid inheritance, whose dimensions we hardly know yet, to say nothing about its riches. ? The Government of Mr. Gladstone have decided to open the session of next year with a County Fran chise Bill. The decision is one of great moment, and one that may lead to important political changes. The alternative course was to begin the session with a Local Government Bill andabillforthe better govern ment of London. This is the line contended for by many influential members of the Liberal party itself. The agitation which is being got up for the better housing of the poor will strengthen the demand for the London Corporation Bill. The Conservatives will strenuously resist the extension of the franchise in the counties ; and in this they will have the support of some moderate Liberals and, pos sibly, of the Irish Home Rulers. The Tones mam tain that the questions of county franchise and of the redistribution of seats should be dealt with at the same time. This not the view of the Radical section of Mr, Gladstone's following, and it is the. idea of this section that seems to be adopted. At the Leeds con ference a resolution was passed to the effect th»*. a County Franchise Bill should be the first thing dealt with, and from the telegram which was recently published it will be seen that this is the course that commends itself to the Government. The Franchise Bill may pass the House of Commons — although that is by no means a certainty— but it is almost sure to be re jected by the House of Lords, and in the event of its rejection there will doubtless be a dissolution and a ! general election. The issue at the election would be less the question of county franchise than whether the Tories or the Liberals shall govern the country. A new land policy has been foreshadowed by Mr. Dutton, Minister for Lands in Queensland. It is proposed not to alienate, but only to lease in dis tricts to 1 e named. Mr. Dutton says that this plan will allow settlers to devote all their capital to stock ing and improving, whereas at present they have to sink mor ey in land which remains unproductive flftrax want of means to improve and stock fully ; that it will promote settlement, so that 20 men may begin work where only one does so now ; and that it will prevent the accumulation of large estates, by which. ' men grow rich without labour and become strangers in the country which supplies their wealth. The revenue to be derived from public landB so adminis tered is to make it unnecessary to collect customs. In answer to the question, Who would improve leasehold landP he says, 'Anyone who is not a fool.' The State is periodically to ap praise all holdings, leaving to the leaseholder all his improvements, but to take advantage of any legitimate improvement in the land. In applying this new sys tem it will be necessary at the expiration of present leases to resume lands required for settlement. This will be done at the rate of one-fourth, one-third, or one-half; these portions to be open for settlement in areas ranging from 640 to 20,000 acres no person to hold more than the maximum in one district. Leases are to run for 50 years, subject to periodical appraise ment. Portions retained by squatters to be held by absolute lease tor 15 years at fixed rents ; then to re vert to the State if needed for settlement. Squatters will be allowed to occupy resumed areas at a small rental until they are required for settlement. Some of the speakers in the Legislative Council on Wednesday week were clearly not seized of the Rail way Bridge dispute. Mr. Darley, for example, treated the matter as if it were the outgrowth of the mis understandings between Mr. Goodchap and Mr. Whitton. Unless, however, the public has been mis informed, these misunderstandings have had nothing to do with the reports upon which there is to be aa inquiry. It is not Mr. Goodchap who has accused Mr. Whitton, nor that, we are aware of, has the latter been accused at all. Neither, so far as is known, has it been declared that the bridges and other railway structures are unsafe. What has been stated is that there are flaws in some of the railway bridges which ought not to be there, and which unless attended to may prove a public danger sooner or later. It is not Mr. Goodchap who has made allega tions to this effect ; the allegations have been made by the Engineer of Existing Lines, an officer who is not appointed by the Commissioner, but by the Government, and who is as responsible in his depart ment as Mr. Whitton is in his. The Engineer for Existing Lines has, it appears, made certain definite and detailed statements in regard to a number of our bridges and viaducts. What the public want to know is whether these statements are true or not. They are certainly not affected by eulogies of Mr. Whitton or by criticisms of Mr. Goodchap. Here are certain alleged matters of fact. The question is, Axe they true or false ? That is the matter for inquiry, and it is one that will not be settled without an in quiry. No one disputes that the Engineer-in-Chief and the Commissioner for Railways are both able men, but neither their excellences nor their short- , comings have anything to do with the question that came up in the Council on Wednesday week. How pleasing it is to read the Chief Justices' charge in Cook v. Larnach. The communication was there held to be privileged beyond doubt. ' Mr. John Larnach was a shareholder interested in the bank's affairs being properly conducted, and having an interest in ascertaining whether the manager was a trustworthy person.' The information prejudicial to the manager was therefore privileged. The public at large, as owning the land, and the subscribers in particulars as contributors of money, were interested in ascertaining whether the managers of the ' Artisans' College' were trustworthy persons ; but no shred of privilege was allowed to cover a communication from which both public and subscribers gained the inform ation required. Again, in Larnach's case, upon the question of malice, the jury were told to look at the terms used, and to say whether they were so com pletely unnecessary and outside the duty the defen dant had to perform as to afford proof of malice. But in Field v. Windever the jury were not per mitted to inquire whether there was-malice, although the communication imputing motives and dishonour able conduct was a mere reply to a request which, might have been sufficiently answered by a simple negative — a reply in which it was strictly unnecessary to embody reasons of any kind. The average to. be struck from a comparison of law cases is — keep clean of them if you possibly can. 