"The Earthly Christ." A CURIOUS trial took place the othor day in the government of Saratoff, in Russia. Two peasants, named Tokareff and Kotclietkoff, were accused of obtaining money under false pretences. Tokareff had gone from village to village stating that he was " the earthly Christ," and that Kotclietkoff was " Sabaotlithat lie was inspired by the the Holy Ghost, and that God had given him the power of sentencing and punishing all men on the day of judgment. His white face, surrounded by coal-back locks, his glittering black eyes, thin compressed lips, humble look, and low harmonious manner of speaking, are stated to have produced an extraordinary impression on the villagers, who really gave him anything lie nuked for to procure exemption from punishment after death. He usually demanded a horse and a load of wheat, or 100 roubles, declaring that those who mado such an " offering " to him thereby mado for themselves " a ladder by which to attain eternal life and the par don of all their sins. . One of the witnesses, a wealthy peasant named Lochoff, said that Tokareff had told him that his soul could not be saved unless lie would sell his house, fast for nine days, and then bring him the purchase money as an " offering." Lochoff did as ho was instructed, and placed 250 roubles, the amount of tlio purchase-money, on a table in front of the picturo of the Virgin. Tokareff took the monoy, but soon afterwards told Lochoff it was not suf ficient, and not only induced liim to make more " offerings," but even to give up his wife to bo employed by Tokareff as a servant. It also appeared that three women lived with Tokareff, whom he called his " spiritual wives" and "Mothers of God;" and an iron chain, witli the inscription, " Lord of Glory," was produced, which Tokareff. said he had obtained'' from an unknown person." The Court acquitted Koclietoff, and sen tenced Tokareff to 'repay his dupes the money lio had received from them, and serve for fifteen months in the criminal companies of the Bussian army. 