INTERCOLONIAL. [from our OWN CORRESPONDENTS,] NEW SOUTH WALES. SYDNEY, July 14 The ferry steamer Lily, lying off the Lime street Wharf, Darling Harbour, caught fire at an early hour this morning. The flames spread rapidly, and the vessel was in a short time burned to the water's edge. ShcJ'clongcd to' Mr. H. Joubert, and was insured for £1000 The fire broke out in the engine room. A daring highway robbery was committed on Saturday morning. Mr. Topham, the firm of Topham, Angus, and Co., contractors for the Sydney waterworks, was proceeding from the Douglas Park railway station to-Day the men employed on the works, accompanied by a groom, and when near Nepean Towers two masked men rushed upon them armed with revolvers. Mr. Topham and the groom were bailed up under cover of the revolvers and tied to a tree, and the robbers decamped with a black bag containing £1400, which they took from the buggy. Mr. Topham, after much struggling, managed to loose the rope with his Iceth^and'thcn cut the rope which bound the groom to the tree. They gave information to the police as quickly as possible, and two men named Egan and Scanlan were arrested in a train proceeding to Sydney the same evening. The whole of the stolen money was found in their possession, and they were lodged in the lockup at Campbelltown. a An extensive fire occurred at Newcastle on Saturday night. The premises of Messrs. John Ash and Sons, timber merchants, were totally destroyed. The loss is, however, covered by insurance. A large block of buildings surrounding the timber yard had a narrow escape from destruction. -The Right Rev. Dr. Moorhouse, Bishop of Melbourne, preached at the Anglican Cathedral this afternoon to a large congregation. Bishop Hale, of Brisbane, was also present at the service. His Excellency the Governor and Lady Augustus Loftus returned to Sydney by special train from Melbourne on Saturday morning. The fishing boat Annie, which left Sydney on Tuesday night for Broken Bay, with two men and a girl on board, went ashore near Foley's Hood and was smashed, the occupants narrowly escaping with their lives. One of the men, named Smith, saved both his companions by swimming ashore with them, and reached the land in a very exhausted condition. The Colonial Secretary has received a cablegram from the Agent-General in London stating that the ship Smyrna, with 414 emigrants, sailed from Plymouth for Sydney on Friday. The coasting steamer Dairymaid, while on the passage from Kiama to Sydney, became disabled by breaking her propeller, and was towed into port by the steamer Genil. The weather is dull and threatening. Arrived : Wentworth, s., from Brisbane. Sailed : You Yangs and Governor Blackall, s earners, for Brisbane, on Saturday. VICTORIA "j ' - MELBOURNE, July 1. The annual collections for his Holiness the Pope were made in the various Roman Catholic churches to-day. Archbishop Goold addressed a large congregation in St. Patrick's Cathedral. A fire broke out last night in North Melbourne, by which the Adwrtixefnowtipaperolftcc wnsburiildowii. Among Um property destroyed was the Rev. D. M'Douald's translation of the Bible into the language of the New Hebrides. A (fire occurred at Gci longson Saturday, by which Brearley tannery works suffered a great deal of damage. Another fire took place at a house in Speci- men GuIlyVncar Citel less line, by which Mrs. Turnbull, wife of the occupier, lost her life. It is supposed that the deceased, who was subject to fits, set fire to her dress and fell down, thus setting fire to the house. She was pin ned beyond recognition, and the house was entirely destroyed. The annual meeting of the Victoria Amateur Turf Club was held at Caulfield on .Sulnruny. The weather was fine, and there was a good attendance. The following are the results : Selling Race Cast away, 1 ; Halifax, 2; Whisper, 3. Handicap, Hurdle Race Buzza, 1 ; Triplet, 2; Miller, 3 WoivMiy a length and a-half. Time, 3min. 17sec. Victoria Gold Cup, of 100 sovs. Black Jacket, 1; Abdullah, 2; ""Eric. 3. Betting : 2 to 4 against Black Jacket, 3 to 1 Horlo, 4 to 1 Abdullah. In the run home Abdallah and Scotchman had the lead, but Black Jacket soon shot out, and won by three lengths. Time, lunn. fCscc' Ladies Trophy The Ghost, 1 ; Liddington, 2; Transferred, 3. Time, 1min. 21sec.' Steeplechase General Jackson, 1; Vuultcr, 2; Napoleon, 3. Time, 1min; 31sec. SOUTH AUSTRALIA. IN ADELAIDE, July 1. A married woman named Nicholls, residing at Gawler, was burned to death on Friday night. It is conjectured that the deceased was smoking in bed, and dropped asleep, and the sparks from her pipe ignited the bed- clothes. The members of the Marine Board went to Kangaroo Island on Saturday in the steamer Governor Musgrave, to select sites for the pro posed new jetties. The residents of Port Adelaide are memo- realising the Government to substitute for the present Education Bill a measure which will make education entirely free. Two men named J. and G. Loy were arrested on board the steamer Cuzco on a charge of fraudulent insolvency. They were brought up at the Police Court yesterday and remanded. On being searched two drafts for £1800 were found in their possession. An old woman named Agnes Randall was run over by a train on Saturday and killed. The revenue returns for the past financial year have been issued. The total revenue for the year was £2,086,264, being £101,167 less than the estimated amount, and £l"i">,S21 less than that of the previous year. The falling-off is entirely in land revenue. THE following items of stock movements of interest to our readers we clip from our exchanges Hungerford, 9th ultimo The S.Q. Orient Company advise the passage of 300 fat cattle, in charge of Stuart, for Sydney; warm days and cold nights prevailed. Thackaringa, 11th instant: 6000 fat wethers (G. and J. Riddoch"), from Weinteriga for Adelaide, have passed in charge of A. J. Peters. Several mobs of cattle are reported on their way here, and may be expected to pass soon. Weather pleasant, feed looking well, and the grasshopper plague has somewhat abated. Cobham Lake, 13th instant: 350 fat cattle (Jones, Greene, and Sullivan's) from Bulloo Downs for Adelaide, Horne in charge, passed to-day. Water and feed plentiful at present. Wilcannia passings to 10th instant 442 rams 140 from Wood Head. 80 from Murray Downs, remainder from Horsham-for Kallara, crossed on Thursday, M. Ford in charge. 300 mixed fats (Hay Graves, and Paxton's) fromTalycale, McIntyre in charge, and 314 fat bullocks (Cud- more, Swan, and Co.'s) from Gooyca, Maddox in charge, were to pass the same day for Adelaide. The latter are a prime lot, and have been sold to an Adelaide purchaser. 343 ft bullocks (Cleve, Fink, and Co.'s) from South Comongin, Gillen in charge, were to grass on the 16th, in the hands of a local agent.- 5000 wethers (Cudmore's) were to cross the punt on the 16th instant, travelling from Wuttagoona for Popiltah, N. M'Intyre in charge. 7000 fat wethers (C. D. Kidman's) from Nocoleche for Adelaide, were within seven miles. 7000 fat wethers, purchased by C. C. Kidman' for Adelaide, are about leaving Tonga. Southwood, 13th instant: 300 head fat bullocks from Coomrith passed here yester Goondiwindi, to Sydney, M'Guiness charge. Also, 4000 sheep from Noorama, close to Cunnamulla, going up the Moonie to St. Ruth, M'Cord in charge. THE season in Victoria continues to be more than ordinarily wet in some districts exceptionally heavy floods have been experienced, and that where the average rainfall is usually light, as in the Wimmera district, but in Gipps- land a different state of LhirT pi sails. Is that part of the colony, where rain is so rarely required, the weather has been unusually dry, and a good soaking is badly needed. Grass is abundant in the north-west, nor is it scarce any where excepting in some parts of the usually fertile Gippsland. kS*''~ 