CHILDREN'S COLUMN. TODDLES Ef TASMAKIA. (COSTINCF-D.) Would you like to hear seme more about what we are doing orcrhere? Last time I said that I would tell you something about the Governor's ball, but I think it was very like other balls—dancing people dressed up like dolls, and tien the nice part, the supper. I heard that one lady wore a dress covered with pearls: the train began at her neck a'ud went straight down, and then spread out very much; it was white satin and feathers. 1 think she uiust have looked like an imitation angel. Mil brought be back twelve lions lions—good ones, not the little thin ones with one lolly in the end, but costume crackers, with caps and aprons and things, and some with dolls, Japanese parasols. Next day some of the officers of the Xelsou took us to the -Bower, halfway up Mount Wellington, for a picnic. AVe stopped at the Fern Tree inn, and had our luncheon, and then walked on. " I could see ferns and trees, and lovely waterfalls, but no bower; and then I saw a monument. I always thought that was a stone put over a dead man, bat this monument is put over a live man—no, I don't mean tbat he is under it, but he is alive. He was mayor, and his name was Mr Cook, EO it is called "Cook's monumebt" unto this day. One of the Iientepants and one of the pretty ladies were together all the time—getting ferns they said—but they got~so few, and she kept picking them to pieces, and he was whispering and finding her comfortable-places to sit down, so I got them some ferns, but whenever I offered them tbe gentleman said— Xow run aU-ay, dear, and get some more." But I noticed that when they came away they left all my ferns, and their own too. We went to New Norfolk on Wednesday, in a drag drawn by three horses—unicorns they called them; but they were horses, /think. New Norfolk is "about twenty-four miles from Ifobart. It is on tbe river Derwent, and is a favorite place for people who arc fond of foiling to go to. Being so far, we arranged to remain all niglit, so stayed at the Bush hotel. After luncheon we went ont on th'e river in a pretty little boat, whioh.was berthed at the bottom of some steps leading down to the water from the garden. This garden is one of the prettiest I hare erer seen. It is just the side of a hill all planted with lovely flowers—marigold, daisies, geraniums, mignonette, and others. This hill slopes down to a green lawn that has ons mulberry tree—tiie largest ever saw. They were inviting mulberries. When wc were it; tbe boat Mr Barker lent me his fishing rod. 1 caught two real trout my own self, only he helped me to pull up the line each time. They were big ones, both of them, and we had them afterwards for dinner, aud they were so nice. I was not let eat meat, Itecause it was Ash Wednesday, but a fat boy named Tick said, " I will cat /i'i~r, becaush this is 'Ash Wednesday." He laughed; 1 did not. He wae a vulgar boy We sat out on the verandah after dinner, and told storias. One gentleman told ghost stories--not real ghosts, you know, but those horrid kind of stories where the ghost always turns out" to be a white cow or a horse, la the morning we drove to the salmon 1 ponds. They are beautiful; bnt I think most of the salmon in them are trout. We went to the hop garden?, too. I wonder that we don't grow hops in Ballarat: they are very little trouble, and make people very rich. One gentleman asked me what grew best in Ballarat, and I said "Gold." "Ko," he said; **I think little girls' tongues." I wish people wouldn't lie funny at me. Then we drove to the Lunatu; Asylum and saw the poor things there; but I didn't like going there, and asked one kind-looking girl to let me stay with her. She took my hand and said, "Ye3: and I'll show yon how this snake got into my head. It crept through my ear one day.' : "Just then tho matron came up and took me with her, and told me that the girl I was with was mad herself. So I was glad to remain quiet till we left. I saw the woman who thinks she is the Queen, and the man who thinks he is made of glasB, and is afraid to sit down, and the boy who thinks he is a Ssh, and won't get out of the water till Bomeone pretends to fish him ont with a net. I couldn't help thinking that it would be a good idea to try the boarding-ont system with the insane. We started back about throe o'clock. Tbe horses were very fresh, and when we had got about half-way the leader, or front horse, kicked and got over the traces. We all got out as soon as the kicking began, but Mr M wonld not leave the box seat. The coachman had got down to try to hold the horses' heads. Mrs M was so afraid thafher husband would be hurt that she had a little weep, and kept Baying, "Get down, Bob; do get down," and we all joined in saying " I>o get down, Bob," he only said " Oh, yes, of course," but he didn't. Afterwards, when we were all in again and driving off, he told ns that if he had got down the horses wojd have bolted off to Hobart and left us standing in the road like fools. I asked him why we would be more like fools than we were before, but I didn't hear him Bay anything. When we got back I found an invitation for me to a party at Mrs Seal'B, but as we got in BO late I could not go, aud was very Bad at that. We went to the opening of the exhibition on Tuesday. We had a very good Beat near tho Governor, and could hear his speech <juite well; but I only remember the last part, and that was "I now declare this Kxhibition open.' 1 I thought I would like to say " Plucks for stale newe" (for it had been open for two hours), but just then everyone moved on to loot at the exhibits. I saw a great man) 7 pretty things; there was a lovely drawing-room screen, worked by a Tasmanian lady, with sticks and rushes, and a piece of work for a chimney-piece, all crewellcd in.Tasmanian wild flowers; there were several beautiful dolls, one as big as me, dressed like a fashion plate, but I liked a baby doll best in long clothes, with such a pretty white dress made by a little girl. There was a whole drawing-room suite worked by one lady, and a room furnished by Rocke, of Melbourne, in the high art style. T saw some grand opossum rugs and foot warmers, that looked like real opossums curled np and looking at you. There were some exquisite paintings of mountain berries too. There was the usual Indian court and the Jerusalem things that someone told me came from Birmingham; per haps the selling man doesn't know geography. There was a concert given in the evening and the Filibusters played. Tliey are all gentlemen, and play on silver instruments; it sounded very pretty. I saw Sir William Clarke and some gentlemen who came orer in the Janet (his yacht) with him. I heard that at each of the islands he stopped at on his way, Sir William took some nice children's books and some lollies ou shore with him, and gave them to the children he heard were best in the school, writing their names in tiie books himself. At one island he found there were no children, but two -old women. He left them the lollies, much to their delight. I did not hear whether he gave them any books. He could scarcely have written " A present for a good girl," or anything of that kind, could he? It is raining now, and I am so sorry, for we are invited on board the Xelsou to-day, and it will spoil everything if it rains. 5Text time I write I will tell vou about it. TODDLES. ? ? 