VALENTINE 1'GLUTCHY THE IEISH AG-EHT. (???! l - gr William: Caeletok. v ? ? , ? CHAPTER XXX. - '---'''? (Cantinued.) Far some time after her arrival at the grave. yard Mrs. O'Regan was silent, or mut. tered to herself sueh fragments of uncon Beefeod language as rose to her fancy— and Hlfehaatoly lcid down her head npon the little gTassy noand which eonstifcufcsd the grave. Here she had not lain long, when, overcome by the fatigue of the journey, she closed her ©yes, and despite the chilliness of a biting Bight, sank into an unbroken slumber. ii.ij lengtu. one Yvone, cut vTnetner lie was that the keen and piercing air had closed the pulsation of her beating brain, or that the restoration to reason, which is called when applied to the insane, a lightening before death— had taken place, it is impossible to say with anything like certainty. At all events, on awakeni'ng, ths first sensations she experienced were those o£ surprise and wonder, and immediately did she feel her mind filled with a train of ohoeking and fear fal reminiscences. Her physical sufferings were also great. She felt benumbed and chilled ; her heart was eold, and shivering giekaoss ran through her whole frame, with a deadly presage of approaching dissolution, she looked up to the sky, than round her at fhe graves, and in a moment recognized the Varying place of her kusbaud and children. All the sirctUBctGneoa then connected with fc&G; Bsfjornination soeao at Drum Dhu, and flhafc of tho terrible death in tho mountains, sashed upoa her rooollectioaa with a foree at oneo vivid and powerful. ' Irathor of Hoavon,' she osclaimed, c I have been driven oufs of my i-aison by toe mueh sorrow, and hovo I am restored to it on the graves where those that I love sleep !' She then endeavoured to rise, but found, on making the attempt, that she had no strength for it. The consciousness of. this filled nor heart with woe almost unutterable. Her piety and faith In tho mercy of God woro no t without) fchoh.' own rowoi'd. The last ?^es&a; wc2o czcvcoly uttered, v/kca 2?a{jkoi' ^ncba, aacsinpr-'^ica by hou1 cen STcd, ad K»ancod to C'io [jfqvo oa v/hioh eIig Kit. Ho liad heen afeoat on a dek Gall5 ami v/ould not have been aware oS; her oscapo to the moun tains v/evc it not for her son, who, haviugfmot Lim on hia return, requested poranusiou to soo lior, ouly for a fov^ minutes if not too late. ' Poor woman !' said he, as they ap proached her, 'this chilly night will be a. very severe trial upon her.' ' What wouldn't J give, my dear ihother— 6h ! what wouldn't I give,5 saidlNed, tenderly taking her haild, '' to see your senses restored io you?' 1 Thank the Almighty, then !' she returned feebly — ' what ! my darlin' son Ned ! and Father lioche ! Oh, was I not right in gayin' that there is nothing too powerful for God's strength and love P' she exclaimed ; she then kissed her son, who burst into tears, and tenderly embraced her. ' See how unexpectedly he can surround even this cowld death-bed with his mercy.' ' Don't say a death-bed, my dear mother, for now that the blight of raison has left you I hope you'll get new strength.' ' I will,' she replied, with but a mournful cmile, ' I will, i-Ted ; but it'll be in heaven with them I love, and that lovo mo. My dear 'Ned, all flay cares are now ovei.1— all my amicnons past — x win soon do owe ox sorrow and out of pain \ this heart will suffer no more, and this head will no longei1 be dis tracted I Oh,) the hopds o£ heaven, but they're sweet and consolin' on tho bed of death P Fathel1 Eosho having put on his stole* went to her side, and, as is usual in all esses of ap proaching death, where a priest is in attend aneo, administered to her the lant rites of i'eligion. Here, in the mountain solitude, did he cheer her departing spirit, as he had that of her husband, with the sustaining hope of a glorious immortality. ' Now,' said GJbe, ' I know that I die happy ; for here, where I couldn't expect it, has the light of God's mercy nhone upon me. He has brought my son to my side—he has brought the consolations of religion to my heart, when I was lyin' helpless and alone in this mountain desert. Yes,' she said, ' I for give all those who ill-treated both me and mine—and the worst I wish them is, to pray that God may forgive them, and turn their heart3. And now, Hugh, I am ready — Tor- ley, my manly son, and my own Bryan, with tho fair loeke, wo '11 soon be all united again, and never to part any more ! Ned,' aaid she, ' kins me ; you are all I now lavo bohind mo out of say fine family; but God's will be done ! I need not bid you,' she added, c to bury mo here, for I know you will — and I wish you would put little Bryan's coffin on mine, ia order that my darling child may sleep where I'd have him sleep, until the Hesurreetion Day — that ia, upon his lovin' mother's breast. But what is this ?' ohe asked ; ' is there a light — a bright light — about me F I feel happy — happy ! Oil sure this is the love of God that is to reoompence mo for all!' 'Ned, who had her in his arms, felt her head fall down, and on looking at her, he perceived that she had actually passed away into the happiness of God's love, which, no doubt, diffused ifcs radiance through her spirit that was now made perfect. ' Yes,' said Father Uoehe, wiping his eyes, ' a pure and noble spirit has indeed passed from a life of great trial and crushing calamity, into one of glory and immortality. There is a proof, and a consoling proof, of the lustre which so often irradiates the death bedo of the humble classes in Ireland who die far from knowledge and notiee of the great, whom their toil probably goes to sup port.' O'Eegan was about to start off at the top of his speed to summon the neighbours, and Father Eoche began to walk to and fro the old ruin, struck by the pale moonlight, as it fell through the grey stone windows, loop holes, and breaches of the walls, lighting up some old remnant of human ambition, or, per haps, a grinning skull, bleached by time and tho elements into that pale white, which is perhaps the most ghastly exponent after death of the dead. At this moment, how over, they wore each in no small degree startled by the sound of human voices ; and, to complete their astonishment, two figures approaehod the humble grave on which the dead body of Mary O'Eegan lay stretched, On turning towards the moon they vrero both immediately recognised by the priest and O'Eegan, who lookod on in silonce and won der, and waited to hear, if possible, tho ob ject of their visit. ' I say again,' said Phil, ' I say my jolly ph-foolosopher—eh, foolosopher — that iu to say, you deal in foolqsophy — an ex-oscellent trade for a fool — I cay again, you have brought me the wrong way, or misled me somehow — upon my honour and reputation, Eimon, I rather think you're short of sense, my man. Come, I say, let us bo off home again— what tho devil did you bring me to a church-yard for P— eh P' ? Whist,' said Eaymond, ' lefc us see — who have we here P' Ah,' said he, stooping down and feeling tho chill of death upon her features, ' It is Mary O'Hegan, and she's dead — dead !' ' Dead !' exclaimed Phil, starting, ' eurso you, Eimon, let us bo off at full speed, I say — Gad, I'e3 in a nico pieldo ; and theso piotoln aro of no uco cgainat any confounded ghost.' On homing that Phil carried piutota, Q'Eegaii started, and had it been daylight, a fierce but exulting fire might have been soen to kindle in bin eyes;. ' Hould !' said Eaymond, with a nhout whoEo echoes rang through the ruins ; ' you j musn't go till you hear me out,' and, on utter ing these words, he gripped him by the arm, and led him over to the dead body. ' I'm goin* to tell you myself,' proceeded Sayrnond, 'she Came to die here that she might be near thorn— do you undherstand ?' and he involuntary pressed tile arm he still held with his hugs iron fingers, imiil Phil told him he could, not stand ths pain. s She came to die here that she mightn't have far to go to them ; for you don't know, may be, that it's on their grave she is now lyin' : — ha, ha ; that's one. Did you ever see a mur dered woman, Captain PhilP' ' Never,' replied Phil ; who stood passive in his grip. ' Ha, ha, ha,' he chuckled, ' that's not a good one. Well, but did you ever see a murdherer ?' ' Some o' the blood-hounds pinked fellows, I believe, but then they wore only rebels and Pap-papishos.' ' Ha, ha,' still chadded Eaymond, as he confronted himself by degrees with Phil, ' I swore it for poor White-head'a salce — and for Mary M'Loughlin's sake — and for twenty cakes besides.' 1 God ! Eimoa, what do you mean?' said Phil, ' there's a dreadful look in your eyes — Eimon, you-you are an excellent fellow ; but tell me what you mean P' ' To chow you a murdherer,' he replied, 1 and now I have one by tho throat !' As he spoke, he cltHuched him by the neck with a grasp that might strangle a tiger. Then, as before in O'Eegan's sheeling, all the fury of the savage came upon him ; his eyes blazed fearfully — the white froth of passion, or rather of madness* appeared upon his lips, and his howling resembled tho roaring of some beast of prey, while tensing up its quivering victim in the furious agony of pro tracted hunger. In a moment Phil was down, and truly the comparison of the beast of prey, and his struggling victim, is probably the most appropriate that could be made ; when we consider the position of the one writhing helplessly on the ground, and the othor howling in all tho insatiable wildness of blood-thirsty triumph over him. So hard and desperate, indeed, was ths tug for life, and so deadly was the immediate sense of suffocation beeoming, that Phil, whose eyeo vrere already blinded, and who was only able to utter a low hoarce gurgle, which sounded like the death rattle in his throat, was utterly unable either to think of or to use his firearms. The onset, too, was so quick that neither Father Eocho nor O'Eegan had time to render assistance. ' Great heaven,' exclaimed the priest, ' is the yottag man, bad and wicked as he is, to be murdered before onr eyes by that gigantic idiot !' He proceeded to the spot jusfc when Eay mond was about to repeat in reality, the imaginary scene with the pillow. ' What's this, Eaymoud ?' said Father I Eoehe, gently laying his hand upon his hugo arm, the muscles of which, now strung into almost superhuman strength, felt as hard as oak. ' Stop, Eaymond/ he proceeded, ' would you like that work yourself, my good boy ?' ' Father Eoche, !' said Eaymond, relaxing his hold more from surprise than anything else. ' If you will take your hand from his where you will a get a cock that no other bird in the country could have any chance I with — there's a good boy — let him go — fol- j low me over here, and leave him.' ; ' A cock that cannot be bent!' exclaimed Eaymond, starting at onGe to hie feet, ' no but will you F' ' I will tell you where he is,' said the priest, but do not harm him more,' pointing to Phil, — ' I only trust in God that it is not too late.' Ho stooped to examino Phil's countenance, and indeed the sight was as strongly cal culated to excite mirth as disgust. There he lay,' hio foul tongue projecting out of his mouth, which was open and gasped for wind ; hi3 hu#3 goggle eyeo, too, had their revolting squint heightened by terror into an expres sion very like that assumed by a clown when ho squints and makes faces at an audience ; whilst his whole countenance was nearly black from excess of blood, and the veins about his forehead and temples atood out swollen as if filled with ink. Phil having recovered somewhat, staggered on homewards, half stupid from the strangu lation scene, and very far removed from sobriety, in oonseqnence of the copious liba tions of brandy he had swallowed in the course of tho day and evening. O'Eegan's return with the neighbours from the lower country was somewhat, and yet not much, moro protracted than Father Eocho had expected. Considering everything, how ever, there was little time lost, for he had brought about a dozen and a half of tho villagers with him. Having reached, the cold bed where Mary lay, and where all lior aff og tions had dwolt, thoy placed her upon a dooi-? and having covered her body with a cloak brought for the purpose, the little solitary prooeocion direetod thoir otopo to thnthumblo roof which had been, over sinco Father Eoche oceupied it, a sheltering one to destitu tion, and poverty, and repentance. As they began to move away, O'Eogan said — ' Excuse me for a few minutes — I wish to go back to the spot whore my father and brothers sleep ; that surely is but natural, and I will soon overtako you.' They then proceeded and he remained at the graves of his relatives. He stood over them in silence for many minutes, keeping his face covered with his hands. At length he tneit down and sobbed out aloud. 'Father,' said ho, 'I have fulfilled my , oath ; Torley, I have f uliilled my oath ; Bryan, my oweet and fair-haired child, your brother, when none was left to do you justice but Siyself, has fulfilled his oath. Listen to me and rest quiet iu your graves. The op presnor is no more — the scourge of the poor — the persecutor — the robber — that trampled upon all law — that laughed at justice— that fj»ave vent to his bad passions, because he knew that there was neither law nor justice in the country to protect people like you, or to punish himself ; that oppressor — that scourge of the poor— that persecutor — that robber, is this night sent to his account by my hand — ? for by no other had he such a right to fall. Sleep quiet and contented in your graves — ? my fathor, and Torley, and poor Bryan ! As we had no laxy for us in this country — I was his law — I was his justice — and so may God prosper me, if there is not a heavy load taken off my heart by the fate that lias come on the villain hj my hand 2' He spoke these words in tears and deep sobs, after which he composed himself, so aa that lie might appear in his usual mood — ? that of aimple grief— on rejoining his com panions. The morning of the following day, the town and neighbourhood of Castle Cumber were in a state of extraordinary excitement and tumult. ' Valentine M'Clutchy, Esq.,' said the True Blue, ' the excellent and humane Agent of tho Castlo Cumber property, was most barbarously shot dead in his parlour, about ten o'clock on the preuious night. By this diobolical act, the poor of that admir ably managed property/ continued his brother Orangeman, ' have lost, &c;, &c.;' Phil was too drunk the evening before to semsmber anything distinctly. His pistols were never found, nor any other discovery made which oould. fasten even suspicion on any particular individual. Such was the end of Valentine M'Clutchy — and as we have only one other fact in con nection with him to record, we may as well record it here. On the morning after his death, Mo mother, Kate Clank, was found dead on the steps of Castle Cumber gaol, whither, it would seem, she had come, as if from a principle of early recollection, to the spot where she had first drawn her breath in innocence ; and who can tell, or will any one dare to say, that she died in guilt, or un forgiven P That is pnly known to God, by whom she was to bo judged. (To he concluded.) 