'CABBY' TAKEN TO TASK. To the Editor. | Sir, — If times were with me now as in days of yore my name would be upon your list of subscribers, but as penceare scarce , in my domestic economy 1 am obliged to fall back upon the loan of au occasional number from the butcher over the nay, with whom I have dealt for many years. People often talk to me about ' ' Cabby' and what he writes, and we as frequently argue with one another concerning the correctness of some of his dates, and accu racy of many of his conclusions. Indeed on more than one occasion I have found .myself using very high words in the midst of hot argument, for which I have been more than sorry afterwards. In fact, blows were almost exchanged by myself and a Wesleyan in the barber's shop on Saturday night, while I was reading aloud, with comments!, 'Cabby's' review of Pastor Millard's preaching. When ' Cabby ' gets perched on liis box ruminating upon by-gone days, and the actions of the men of the past, he makes mistakes by unduly exalting their efforts, and he must not be astonished if more tlian one can be found to defend the men of the present. ' Cabby ' is evidently fond of the men who have had their day because of the interest they took in running more than one temperance newspaper, but when he refers again to the Courier I would like to know how soon they got tired of the venture, and how it was that they were content to finally fall back upon the dwarfed effort known in those days as the Teetotal Advocate. Perhaps he will also tell the public for how long this last triumph of early exertion was published ? and then ask himself if the Advocate was worthy of being compared in the same breath with the temperance organ of this day, the People's Friend, which, let me observe, has had something beyond an ephemeral reign, md is doing more with its 3000 montlily issue to bring public opinion up to the liigh standard required before legislative enactments can oe relied upon to success fully grapple with the evils of intemper ance, than either of the earlier publica tions referred to by hiui was ever capable of doing. ' Cabby ' calls up, with a measure of pardonable pride, the ghost of a large procession he once wituesssed in tlie interests of teetotalism, but 1 have yet to learn that the public parades are always a reliable index of a deepening interest in what .they represent. In the days of which he speaks the leaders did their level best to produce a spirit of rivalry among the several trades, and it became more -a, 'question whether the carpenters, saddlers, or cordwainers and others could turn ont the strongest numbers or fly the most gaudy flags. Now, however, it is not felt to be necessary- to resort to such superficial lids to induce people to join the ranks. . Fuss is no indication of superiority in any direction, but- when I pointto the fact that tlie largest petition that has ever been placed upon the tables of the present Houses of Parliament has beeu put there by the active and unpad workers of the presept . generation in favor of the principal of Local Option, the tetotallers can afford to push aside and neglect the turmoil and trouble inseparable from the preparation of tawdry outside shows aud indoor feasts. v ' Cabby :' forgets, if he ever knew of, the ; refusal on the part of one of the religious bodies to allow the British ?Hsurl.mtin and Bond of Hope Review ito be even distributed among the Sunday School children, such refusal being based upon reasons which I am careless to repeat. Mpw-a-days what do we find in the same quar' er :. A flourishing Band of Hope' vigorously worked by young men who would speedily make their influence felt if any attempt were made to interfere with the circulation of such wholesome .literature among their youthful charge. the good old days to which 'Cabby' so fondly looks back the teetotallers must have been a-ifable folk, for they utterly failed^ to niove^ the churches in . this direction! A Band of Hope in connection with church o'l? cliapel was abnost, if not quitie,' unknown. Now, thanks to the young men and women of. this period, the exception is to find one without such an- agency, at work. ''Cabby,' if he ever attended the old Infant school, must remember that the weekly gathering was incomplete unless tlie stentorian tones of the town bellman made the place ring again. What spirit to be sure the old man used to nut into *i,„ ? H ? — J - -i 1. ^ V I vuc uiceciog , auu witu wnat giee uie juvenile part of the audience always recognised ' his oratorial display. It miay be said the audiences were pretty numerous, but were they not drawn thither by the performances of a band in wliich the sound of drum loudly preponderated. 'Cabby' refers to the lecturer they put ill the field, but omits to say how louj, they kept him there. At later dates lecturers liave also been placed iu the field aud maintained there until duly called them to other fields of labor. Aud at present the supply is not equal to the demand. ?( I ishall -not': attempt to describe the effort made to erect the hall, lest a mistake should be made. Perhaps ' Cabby ' can get some of liis friends to tell him ; aud if so, I shall not be sur prised to find that one of the trustees, when lie had been spurred into impulse by the masterly inactivity displayed by Ills associates, drew his own cheque for tbe amount they had met to pay for the land, and afterwards left the room with anything but exalted notions of the liberal spirit or business capacity of his con federates. 'Cabby' makes an offer of £10 for eveiy £100 raised. But how is this to be gauged ? ' Does he wish the hundred pounds to represent some specific effort for a given purpose, or is he willing to have (certified) the gross amount raised this year by the various agencies to carry on their work handed iu to him ? If the latter I think the first ten might stand a chance of being claimed for pro rata distribution before long. Yours, etc., / Old Tom. 