AMUSEMENTS, At tho Gaiety Theatre, Mr Sbetidao reappeared on Saturday night, and received a gratifying wel come from a gcod audience. " The Corsiean Brothers" was played, one of the chief features in which was the introduction of a disgraceful exhi bition by the Matthews family. For indelicate posturing and prurient suggesuvenese, their can can, or whatever dance they performed, bore off the palrn from opera bouffe and music ball alike ; nnd this pre-eminence is certainly not an enviable one to be gained for the most comfortable theatre in Sydney — where Sheridan has roused his intelligent patrons to enthusiasm with liiB genius, and where many a sterling play has served to raise the dramatic toue, The Matthews are really clever, nnd nre a genuine attraction, but Mr Sheridan should put a decided stop to nuy attempt at indecency, Mr Sheridan, who appeared to be unwell, did not electrify the audience on Saturday night, for his Louis dei Franohi wants toning down, and his Fnbien is, at least so far ns his first appearance in tho prologue is concerned, too heavy. In the duel scene, how ever, Mr Sheridan seemed to be almost himself again, and the fight between liirn and Chateau Renaud (Mr Frank Gates) was a very fair exhibition of small sword _ fencing. Miss Davenport looked very lovely as Emilia dc Les- parre, and acted her littlo part very charmingly and with dignity. The principal characters were cast as follows : — M. Alfred Meyrisrd, Mr Frank Beverley ; Le Baron de Montgiron, Mr L. St. Law rence ; Le Baron Giordano Martolli, Mr A. L. Bur ton ; Orlando and Colomin (tbo heads of two Corsiean families), Messrs J. Stark and C. Seagrave ; Mi'.ilnme Savilliu dei Fmnchi, Mrs Melville ; Marie (a domestic), Miss Harriett Tulloch ; Con, fie, Miss Edward3. No doubt the delicieccies of Saturday are due to e first appearance with a Btrniige company, and, in all probability, to-aiglit'3 performance will have greatly improved. The ghost and virion in the prologue and in the la3t scene, and the "double," were fairly managed, and might to-night be exhibited without n hitch. At the Theatre Itoynl and Operallouse, " Henry IheFifth" and "The Strategist'' respectively hold the ' boards, neither of which pieces shows any sign of abating popularity. Those who have not yet en joyed a hearty laugh aL the many vagaries of the Strategist should do so. At the Academy of Mu;io on Saturday night Mis? Eloito .Tuno and her diamntic company opened with " Jennnie Deans." Tho audience was net by any means proportionate to the meritB of the performance. The Btovy of " The Heart of Midlothian," told by Sir Walter Scott, is so well known that a recapitulation of tho plot of 'Jonunia Dciinp," which is simply "ithelleartof Midlothian" diamati'cd, would be superfluous. The dresses, k.",., of the time of George II. aro correct enough, and much pains have evidently been taken by all the company, from Miss Juno down to thu most uuimportaut character, to keep the plot ns vividly before the audience ns possible. Thu scene opens at St. Leonard's Craigs, where the nnfoitunate outlaw Geordie Robertson (Mr Dan. Barry) is being pursued for his life, nud of his successful endeavours to elude his captors. Effie Deans (Miss Nellie Greenlees) murders ber child in a lie of delirium, the father being Kebcrt- eod, who being an outlaw is unable to marry her. For this offence she is, in the second act, formally tried nnd sentenced to death. Aud it is in plead ing for her paidon before Queen Caroline (Miss Mabel Trasey) that the great interest in the pieca ia evolved by tho prisoner's sister, Jeannio Deans (Miss Eloise ;Juuo), whose efforts are ultimately successful. Glio is aided very materially on her mission of life and death by the Laird of Dumblcdyko3, a canny Scotch laird (Mr IS. B. Russell), and by the Duke of Argylo, tho people's friend (Mr Dan. Barry), tho latter-nameil gentlemen taking dual parts. The last scene, re presenting the storming of the Tolbooth, is rather an exciting one, and the nppeuranco of Jeannio just in tho nick of timo is tho signnl for much ap plause, Miss Juno sustains her part with much cleverness, and hor Scotch accent iB tolerably correct. The difficulties nearly always incidental to first performances were apparent on Saturday night, and there can bo no doubt that if one of tbe larger theatres had been engaged by Miss Juno, the audience would bavc been a very much larger one. As it was, tho performers appeared more than onco as if cramped for room, anu as tho cast is a full one, 111 parts being repre sented, Miss Juno may feel satisfied the perform ance went off ns well as it did, "Jeannio Deans" will be repeated at the Academy of Music until further notice. It should bo mentioned In con clusion that tho performance of Madgo Wildfire, tho mad girl, who is supposed to have been seduced by Geordie Robertson, was very ndmirnbly rendered by MisB Nellie GrecnleeB, and that Mr Russell ns -the Laird of Dumbledykes, was also specially good. ________ Quarter Eessions open to- ay before Judge Bonnor is again about to transfer his cric ket alle giance, his intention being to settle down in this colony. Tho giant hitter will be found an acquisition in the intercolonial matches of next season. The concluding match of the Holds worth-G.irdyne Cup for tho first scries is likely to bo a most sensa tional contest. The University have scored 283 for the loss of seven wickets, nnd will probably set the Alberts ovor 300 to top. Will Massio come off this time on his " native heath 7" Tho inquiry amongst the junior cricket clubs jnst now is, " Who has seen tbe Furness Cup ?" The extra profits of tbo pub. at tbo corner must havo paid its cost 10 times over. . , Tbo Melbonrne Aye says:— "Very laborious at tempts were made last year to got up a war scare in Europe," The Aye ought to know, vale the "Aslnnbogolf" by Bryant. Domain orator Perry says Mudgce "j'00 .,. " f to be ashamed of tbemselvea if they return either of the candidates to represent that constituency. Drinking fountain at the entrance to the Botanical Gardens besieged yesterday. Y ouug gentlem au, w ho had walked fir in the -miii— after taking a lout. ' pull " :— O, Botany ; O, Dam I 