BREVIA. Scarlet fever at Dunolly. The railway clerks desire to travel at half fares. Liverpool paper mills have paid £50,000 for rags. Thefaare several vacancies in the deloctive offioe. . ‘ ' ■ ■• • ■ ■ ■ Tbe Sandhurst Easter Fairbaabeen a partial failure. 1 ’ ‘ Annual sale of yearlings at Randwick on Thursday. > _ • The buggy races at Elstcrnwick have been abandoned. ' Joseph Reynolds was fined £lO at Adelaide for sly grog selling. , •The autumn show of tbe North Qippsland Society was a’success.' Dr Milford’s;yacht Doris-fans arrived at Sydney from Melbourne. Irish conspirators have been sentenced to five and ten years in gaol, ' Melbourne City bus 13 persons to the aero, and a population of 65,859. A* niece of-tho late Thomas Carlyle is a servant in an hotel at Sale. Claims’for damages over the late dunes accident cmtinue to come in. The estimated cost of a Victorian’Court at tba Calcutta Exhibition is £5500. \- It is’ estimated that there are 780 aborigines in the colony, 460 males and 320 females. , Nearly one-third of the whole population of tbe colony livedo Melbourne and suburbs. It is estimated that there aro 9 4 6tbs per*: eons to a square mile throughout Victoria. The selectors of Toongabbie object to the alienation of the frontage to tbe waterholes. No arrests have yet been made concerning the attempt ,on tho life of Lady Florence Dixie., 1 - The Hon. J. B. Patterson denies that he has accepted the post of Chairman of Railway Board. ' The police will proceed against the SUvntion Army reformers if they refuse to move when: called upon to do so. The Steam Navigation Board decided that the stranding of schooner Trusty was due to accidental circumstances. Tents on the goldfields numbered 87,169 in 1861; in 1871 they were reduced to 2252, aud io 1881 there were only 717. <)a the goldfields the males are more nume rous than females, the proportion being 87 females to 100 males. At the school ago girls are found, according to the tables, lo be superior to boys in point of elementary instruction. The most densely populated suburb is Ho-.ham, which, with only 17,839 residents, has nearly 32 persons to the acre. It is shown with regard to the whole popu lation that more persons lived in a dwelling in 1881 than in 1871. About 457 persons live in every-100 dwellings. In proportion to their number the Jews have more children who can read and write, and fewer who are illiterate, than any other denomination. The suburb of Melbourne having tho most numerous population is Emerald Hill, which has 25,000 inhabitants, and only 11 persons to the acre. The Übiuese population of the colony has considerably. decreased during the last ten •years, but Chinese females have increased by Mr J E. Bromby—tbe Rev. Dr Bromby, we presume—states bis conviction that there ■is an intimate connection between rheumatism aud tea drinking. The skulls of D.*an Swift and Stella were turned up recently by workmen making ex cavations in tho nave of S*. Patrick’s Cathe dral. It was once somewhat oddly said that nut tional stitiattcs are the literature of a nation’* corpses. The idea looked forcible, but it had more quaiutnes&',than truth, • There is a sound practical way of doing work adopted by the present Government which is immensely reassuring to those who are brought into continual contact with them. Tho ** Pulpit Commentary,” now in course of publication by Messrs Regan, Paul, and Cos., of Loudon, is to be reprinted in America by Messrs-Randolph and Cos. It ta stated that a Philadelphia firm are expecting to translate aud publish a rare and unique book, first issued iu Amsterdam Iu the sixteenth century under the title of “The .Zophar, or Book of Splendour.” The first attempt to colonise New Guinea was r digger’s expedition,' and proved a failure. This was iu .1878, and a dozen horses left by the disappointed miners have multiplied into u herd of 50. As showing the extent to which newspapers are extending their circulation, it is stated that the Liverpool Daily Post, Echo, and Weekly Post have altogether a weekly sale of 423,005 copies. At Forfar, in Scotland, Hugh Townley, only 18 y«»tra of age, pleaded guilty to having two wives alive, and to having com mitted perjury with a view to marrying a third. Ho was sentenced to nine months’ hard labour. An interesting exhibition of instruments for the use of surveyors and engineers has been opened at the Exchange, C.diius street, under the auspices of the Victorian Institute of Sur veyors. It appears that the Messrs Rndmond have not given up tho idea of making a personal appeal to Victorian colonists, on behalf of the IririiLand Fund, and that their agent has been here endeavouring to secure suitable buildings for their meetings. . Among the curiosities of the recently pub lished ” Indian Census” are the statements that in Oadc and North-West Provinces there are 1100 actors, 3000 ballad singers, 33 gamblers, 97 snake charmers, 10,000 dancers, four story-tellers, fourpoet**, seven thieves. In Sydney at the preseut time there is in course of signature a largo petition, which will probably be signed by many thousands of tho mothers, sisters, and daughters of this land, ugniodt tho employment of young women and other females as barmaids. Tho late splendid rains have enabled farmers to start ploughing much earlier than usual this season, and a good scope of ground has already been turned over, all of which appears to be in excellent condition. Sir Bryan o*L : *gUlen failed in attempting too much nud iu fearing to trust bis colleagues. •The dread was, perhapa, justifiable iu the leader of an amateur team, but the present one is full of horses who cau pull on their own collars. European papers stale that a Maie. Tamblos, living near Bacleu, has distinguished herself at the age of 74 years by giving birth to male twine. Her husband is 86 years old. They have had before but one child, a son r who is now 51 years bid, A foggy day in Loudon may coat as many lives as Tel el-Rcbir. Official statistics show that 637 persous died in one week. in De cember from diseases of the respiratory organs under the influence of au almost continuous f«g- Statistics of the Russian prisons show that during the six mouths ending with tbo year 1880, no fewer than 1352 prisoners of all sorts effected t I»t-ir escape from the various prisons, police stations, disciplinary companies, and military couvoys ou the road to their destinations. At a meeting of the Intercolonial Confer ence of Surveyors, held on Thursday, it was unanimously resolved that it was desirable that the members of tbe surveying profession in the Australian colonies should be federated. The Chief Secretary has requested the Central Board of Health to furnish & report iu reference to.the Frankston Cemetery, re garding which nothing has been done for some time past. With the object of promoting the Bible in State Schools League movement, the Bishop of Melbourne delivered an .address t« parents in the F»lzroy Town Hall .-on Thursday uight. Daring the last 10 years a great improve ment is noticeable iu the state of the education of the people.. The number of those “able to read and write ” having considerably increased, and those able to read only, or unable to read, having diminished. Victoria ia less than a third of thestz* of New South Wale?, little more than au eighth of that of Q leenel.iud, about a tenth of that of South and less than an eleventh of that of Western Australia. The Melbourne, correspondent of. tbe Hamilton Spectator writis:—“ What *The Major* is to get has not yet leaked out, but all hro convinced that ‘The Major’ does not ‘enthuse*over the coalition for nothing,” Ghosts. — An attempt is being made in the old country to revive the belief in visitants from another world, and many are the won derful stories that fill some of the journals. The sceptical mind is, however, inclined to adopt Scrooge’s remark to Marley’s ghost: —“How do I know that you are not a bit of bread ? * for, of all the ghost producers a bit of “heavy” bread is the most potent. It is a wonder, therefore, that people do nob adopt the surest spell. against ghosts by using Berwick’s Gold Medal Baking Powder in 'making bread; for, although it won’t “raise ghosts,” it will raise bread in the most admirable fashion. Every wise storekeeper has 'lt by b;sV and every good {housewife bays it. . 