General News, Christ Church, Mount Barker.—As will be seen by an advertisement in another column the meeting appointed to be held this evening for the consideration bf ways and means of effect ing additions and repairs tb the above Church, has been postponed until Monday evening at the same hour and place as originally announced. It •is libped that there will be a large attendance of ; Jhose who sympathise with the movement, Wd that the result of the meeting will be such as tb justify the stewards in immediately proceeding with the work. Football Meeting.—A general meeting of the members of the Mount Barker Football Club was held at Gray's Inn Hotel on Monday evening last. There was a good attendance, and Sergeant Field, one of the Vice-Presidents, occupied the chair., Mr. H. Cope proposed, the motion of which he had given notice to the effect " that the Treasurer (Mr. H. A. Howison) has not con- ducted, the business .of the Club in a proper manner. This was seconded by Mr. Edgecumb, and discussed at some length. It was eventually resolved to adjourn the debate in order to give the Treasurer an opportunity of making an ex- planation to the members, and the consideration bf his resignation was also held over until a future meeting. Messrs. J. S. Ramsay, F. R. Smith, M. J. Skipper, "and the Secretary were appointed a Sub- Committee "to draw up rules and by-laws for the guidance of the Club, such rules and by-laws to be brought up at the adjourned meeting,. The meeting was then adjourned until Monday, June 25. DisiEict CouNcai. Nominations.—Jb will.be seen by an - advertisement in another ' column Ja meeting has been convened for .Saturday evening (June 28),for the purpose of taking into eonside ratioh the course that should be adopted to secure adequate representation of the interests of the j town in the District Council.. The meeting will be held in'the . Institute: Committee room at 8. o'clock,' ahd it is requested that as many rate-! payer as possible will' make it convenient to be present. . "3 Hasty Proceedings.—One of the cases heard at the Mount Barter Police Court yesterday pre- sented some very peculiar features. An appar- ently respectable labouring man named John Wasley, was charged oh , the information of Thomas Rogers With, the larceny of a shovel from the railway works, near Mount Barker, on Monday last. It was very evident from the testimony tendered for the prosecution that even if the shovel which the accused was using had originally..belonged to informant, there was no attempt on the part of Wasley to conceal it in any way, either from him or from the constable who had been instructed to make the arrest, and as there were half a hundred shovels of a like description in the cutting it, is quite likely that the prosecutor—who showed some signs of men- tal aberration while under examination-was mistaken in the identity of the' implement, not withstanding the " strawberry mark " concerning which he swore to so positively. In' any case it^was clearly a mistake on the part of the accused who bought an exactly similar shovel on the day after the informant received his. The conduct of the Cohst'able in this matter requires explanation, as, judging from tbeXacts now before the public, he was guilty of an indiscretion in arresting a man on such trumpery grounds as those advanced by the prosecutor, while it is not clear from the evidence that the - extreme measures resorted to ' by that susceptible person were not the direct'! result of the "influence of the constable. ■ If the mental conditions had been reversed, the circum stances of the arrest would have been easily expli cable, but in that case the Committers''iof Police would have earned deserved, censure for the unsuitability of the instruments employed "by him. - - O - A Juvenile Absconder,— On Wednesday evening last mounted-constable -Stewart, noticed two lads aged respectively about 12 and 13 years wandering about in the township of Nairne. As they were strangers he questioned them, and on examining the clothes of one found that they belonged to the Industrial School. The boy ad- mitted that he had absconded from the School on Monday last, and had met a lad at Bridge- water whom he had persuaded to leave his home and try his fortune on the railway works. The name of the absconder is Herbert Bennett, and yesterday mounted-constable Stewart left by coach for the purpose of taking him back to the Indus- trial School and of restoring his Companion to his parents. To Proprietors op Newspapers.—We are requested to inform all proprietors, editors, direct tors, and correspondents of newspapers, without exception of party, in their exclusive interest, that Signor Nicola Bcrnardiniis now compiling a grand . Dictionary of the Newspapers of ilie World, poli tical, literary, artistical, fashionable, &e.;'in which will be given a brief -history of eaclnnewspaper, showing tlie names of the director and editor,'the size of the journal, the number of pages, the year in which it commenced publication, its political importance or social , influence, its character, the conditions for subscribers, the price, for..adver tisements, and other useful indications. All those persons who may ;be interested that their names appear in this work are earnestly begged to give publicity to this notice, and-to forward to Signor Nicola Bernardini, Lecca, Italia meri dionale, a copy of their journal, with any infor mation they may think jft-oper, in order to avoid involuntary errors on the part of the author., Every journal sending a copy of their publication and giving notice of the enterprise, wilt receive a copy of the Dictionary as soon as published. All such data should be addressed to Sig. Bernardini, via delle Bombarde, 27 Lecce, Italy.. : Revision Court.—The quarterly Court; of Revision for the Electoral District of Encounter Bay -was held in the Court-house; Port Elliot, on Saturday last, before Mr. W. G. McCullagh, S.M., Returning Officer..- The following are the results:'—Legislative Council—Number on the roll last Court of Revision, 538; struck out, 19; new names added, 14; present number on roll, 533\. House of Assembly—Number on the roll last Court of Revision, 1,039 ; struck rout, 31; new names added, 65; present number oh roll, 1,013. Accidental Poisoning.—The Northern Terri tory Times of Saturday, April 28tb, has the,fol io wing —" Two passengers by the British Indian steamer Roma were poisoned whilst the vessel was lying at Thursday Islancl on Monday last, ' 23rd instant. The particulars, which we learned from the surgeon and officers of the steamship Catterthun, are as follows :—On Monday last the surgeon's assistant on board the Roma went off to tlie.E. and Aeteamer and stated that they-were short of carbolic acid. Thecurgeon of the" latter . vessel*. supplied him with about 1' oz. in an 8-oz. bottle, "which was labelled ' Carbolic Acid— Poison.' This he gave to one of the constables, who, when going on board, gave it to a passenger to put into his cabin. One of the poisoned men and some others near him -"were partially intoxi cated at the time.. He swallowed a mouthful, turned his head aside, and stretched out his hand containing the bottle,, which was seized by another, who drank a portion of the contents, j believing it to be rum. Every exertion was used by the doctors oh board the two steamers to save the men, but without success. ; The poor fellows, after suffering terrible agony, died in about an . hour.. An inquest was, held by the,Magistrate, Mr. Chester, who is the resident for the district,: when a verdict of accidentally poisoned was returned. Football.—A match. between, the Mount Barker twenty and a team from the North Park Club was played on the Adelaide Oval on Satur- day afternoon last. Stephens, the Parks' captain, won the toss, and the game was therefore started : by the visitors against a strong wind, but the ball was quickly returned, and after a little play Dar- went secured a mark and scored first goal for the North Parks. On the kick-off the Parks again prevailed, and Shawyer was responsible for a, second, goal for his side. Started again, some good play was shown by Ramsay and Rundell on behalf of the country team, but their opponents were too active for them, and again the ball was . at the river end, and Poole had a try, but only a behind resulted. Hopkins on the right wing showed some good play, and Mount Barkers rallied up and took the leather close to their adversaries' goal, but Stephens (captain) relieved the pressure, and Shawyer scored another goal for the Parks from a rather difficult angle. Homden then started from centre, but again the visitors were in trouble, and Hallett was respon- sible for goal No.:; 4.-- This feat was repeated almost directly by D. Evan, and after a behind or two a sixth goal was notched by Hallett, through the unselfish play of Poole. -A good rush was then made by the visitors, and Howison scored a behind. Half-time was then called. 'On the resumption of play McConville and J. Stephen's did valuable service, and two or three behinds resulted, and then some good form was shown by Hopkins, Howison, and Meverley, and the visitors scored a behind. The Parks again asserted their superiority, and Darwent added a fine goal. From the kick-off Hopkins made a useful run, and the. result was that Cope had a shot for goal:; but the ball fell short, and it was returned to the opposite end, and, in spite of the good defence of Ramsay and Rundell, another goal was credited to the Parks by Driffield. A good run by Kemp resulted in Driffield repeating this feat shortly afterwards: The Parks now seemed to hem their opponents in, and although they pluckily con- iested an uphill game,.two more goals were scored against them, Darwent . and Hallett being the kickers, and at the call of 'time the result was— Norths, 11 goals 12 behinds to 3 behinds. Stephens ;(2), Sharland, Poole, Everett, Darwent, Brakenridge, Hooper, and Rounsevell were very good for the winners. The most prominent among the losers were Ramsay (captain), Smith, Hopkins, Cope (2), Clezy, Horne, Rundell. Homden (2), Morris, and Meverley: The duties of field umpire were satisfactorily performed by Mr. G. M. Evan. Fearful CATASTROPHE IN Sunderland By the telegrams from England uews has I been received of one of tlic most appalm® ■ accidents -that has happened for many years. I A grand fete was held at Sunderland on FridSy evening, June 16th, ;in the Victoria Sail, 'Otffe of : the largest buildings'in the city, at which bdtrtveeh two and "three thousand children, of all ages, Wetfe present to witness an entertainment which had beenigroyided for their amusement-, The peBfoi? mafeces. jiad been broyj^t'Jto a iglojej ahcLthe children were-leaving the hall, when .an^ddrih, it is supposed -of fire, -suddenly- aro®6.1 General panic instantly ensued, children rushing to escape by the stairp \ whicn/led "to the [ street.Tbflldw. Many who feH as th"ey„ descended Were instantly trampled tm. by those who, followed.:; A- moat sickening 'scene, which lasted^.for. a considerable time, then presented itself, childfed. beiiig'heaped one on the other, and tiuinbers being crushed, to death on the spot. "When at, length the panic was allayed by a few of the adults present, there were found -to be no fewer than 190 children dead, many others having been seriously injilred before they could he rescued. ~ .The news of this disaster has cheated a most profound iiapresaion, and has aroused wide-spread sympathy, for-thb parents of the victims. Ihc ages of the chfidren ranged from four to fourteen. The cause of the disaster was the accidental closing of the swinjg ,door on the staircase by which 'the children ineffectually-endeavoured to-escape. ,. , St James' Church, Blakiston.—The con- gregation of this church being'inspired Tiy th» good example set them by their co-religionists ih. Mount ~ ' ' ' ' which is one .of the: oldest in the colony. A meeting has been convened for the purpose of .devising ways and' mejtns..for ^removing. the present defective slate roof and of substituting a more Becure . covering of iron, .aud it is Kkely that 'the outcome of the movement will be the complete: overhaul of the edifice .internally.and externally. The institution of, Sunday evening service at Blakiston has been attended with great success,.;and., the.feaj:..expressed' ^y ohe of the Wardens .that it .-would cause an, increase of expenditure without a commensurate addition to the receipts has not been realized. Many of Jhe residepisjip the neighbOTboodf^ho unfl^'thp-pld mrifiiigriiiefat weM'unableM»* tftfend divilffeeeirvice have testified their .appreeiutiopjof • the conve nieosa supplied by punctual dnd'regidar atten dance, and, even if th* offertory were not propor tionately increased, 'that of itself is sufficient justify the continuance of the new system.": The Band oi Hope.—Comparatively 'few of the residents of Mount Barker, arc aWafce of the importance which is attached by a great number of the young people of. the town? to the meetings of the above organization, which .are held in the Institute Committee-room On alternate Wednes day evenings. A short :time.ago-an- entertainment was given under .its auspices in ..the. great Hall, and then, for the first 'time the general public were made aware of its healthy- existence, and of the loyal support; which it obtainB from its many members, old and young, but it will -pro bably W 'a■ sUrpriBo t»Ob}kny to learn thaij ordinary meetings, if not so ambitious, are equally enjoyable, while the'attendance of mem bers and friends is always good, ahd often large. The business is conducted in an attractive manner, and those who take part- rare not only instrdcted and encouraged in the. principles ■ of tbmp^ahcb and their adherence thereto^ but iare 'entertained and amused as well. -On Wednesday- last the room in which the meeting was held Was almost inconveniently crowded, and the programme pre eerited-^wbicli, consisted of singing, i-feadibgs, and recitations—was an unusually attractive one. With it the. Band of Hope completed, jts first half-year," and^ enters oii^he of fifty' members ahd "very encouraging prospects of larger growth .and increased success iA£th6 future. The leading spirits of the organisation, are Messrs. Price and Barker, and their efforts are .evidently highly appreciated by -the-young folk who are banded together under their direc tion, and it is certain -that the good effected— whether great or small—is'unmitigated by Any taint of evil. Macclesfield iNSTiTtrTE.—On ' Wednesday evening last an eritertaininetat in aid of the building fund if as held ,-in thejlarge dull of £hb above institute,-the performers "Vbeihg; todies and gentlemen from Str&thalbyn;, M'oiint barker, arid Adelaide.. Despite .the inclement napact; of the Weather,' the programme issued 'proved suffi ciently attractive to draw together alargeraudienee, whose liberal applause testified thp ,grpat approval with which each of the numbers Was received. A glee, entitled " Sweet is the hour of rest," was excellentlycxendercd by; the ,«pmpanft and .was imperatively re-demanded. MisB Me^arlane's tasteful rendition of the familiar song* "Caller Herriu'," was highly appreciated, and the well executed duet, *' Murmuring bees,*' by the Misses Field, which brought the first part to a close, was also loudly applauded. . The chef (Paeutire of the second portion ofthe programme was the iaotingbf a i piece entitled " My Grandmudder's Ghost,"which i w^ls rightly .designated a screaming farce, and the representation.of which gav6 evident amusement and evoked hearty laughter.'", jDurihg the'course : of the evening the Chairman (Mr. E.D."Daven port) -laid ' a'.{statement 1 of .'the pdSitioff'Wf the. building fund before, the. subscribers and the public. It appears that a debt of £809 still calls for liquidation, and the desirability of reducing this amount was earnestly urged on thoisb pre sent. It was stated that the; Debating 'Class in. connection with the Institute would shortly give a concert in aid of the . building fited.. -A Well merited rebuke was administered by fhfe ^Chair Man to some unruly youths ^ in, ,4^3 ; back-seats^ who persisted in greeting each ninnbeiitr 6n the programme With shrill whistling, lotad Stamping, and "other annoying exhibitions" rbf-, approval* After the entertainment dancing was indulged in. by a goodly company,-and the -final "dispersion did not take place till well on in the small honrs. 