TURF GOSSIP. Br Augur. Had it not been for the cold and cheerless weather, the V.A.T.C. meeting would have been a most enjoyable one. The fact of 26 and 24 horses going to the post in the flat races, whDe the insignificant body of five could only be gathered toother for the steeplechase, should satisfy the committee that it the spring meetings of the club are to be made successful, it will be necessary to frame the programme so that only one- fourth of the contents instead of nearly half shall be of the jumping order. Racing men express sur prise that such an institution should not have included a maiden plate in the October bill ol fare, but until experience teaches them the folly of pandering so much to the jumping taste. I presume we shall not hear of a race that should be fostered by all. i This by the way. In the field of juveniles that contested the Sapling Stakes there were several that will see a much better day. Bonne Fortune won, not so much from supe- j rior merit as superior condition, for she pre- i sented the appearance of a thoroughly- ■ trained animal, while a majority of the others i were not nearly so forward. Jackdaw dis-: played a rare turn of speed, but he couldn't stay home, and was beaten for second honours by Falkirk, one of the most pro mising of the crowd. I jiked very much Mr. James Mitchell's colt Ihvictus, an excellent representative of the Glorious family, and I shall be much mistaken it Mr. Whittingham has not a useful colt ini Timboon, Mr. S. Miller sent no less than three to the prat, and some day Duplicity will probably revive the name of Lady kirk. Morrison had a great fancy for Kingship, whom he had tried to be better than Falkirk, but once mote private form was upset, though the colt was close behind the placed three, and so was Leporello, a colt that I expect to do a good thing some day. Sportive, by Newmister from Adelaide, was greatly ad mired for her appearance, but she was rather backward, and! might say the same of Mr. Davis's pair, David and Dargd The latter is one of the most powerful youngsters of the season, and his companion David is also a promising colt A beautiful filly is Felicia, and in time I dare say she will pay her owner for the trouble of training her. Although we can breed our Goldsbroughs, Darebins, Commotions, and. Robinson Crusoea, the Sydney studmasters continue to surpass us in the production of precocious two year olds Upon this occasion the three placed were all bred in NewSontb Wales. But I can promise the visitors from the other side of the border that the St* Albans two year olda will be just as forward as theirs this season, and this being so, the Maribyrnong Plate may not be such an easy thing as usual for the visitors. Everybody was sorry to see Corrigan meet with an accident when victory seemed to be within his grasp in the Hurdle Race, and there was a general exclamation of joy when he was seen walking towards the enclosure. King also narrowly escaped a serious accident The Gippslanders were jubilant over Messrs. Lett and Jones getting first and second in the Challenge Cup. Both are good horsemen, and the style in which Mr. Lett stock to Clansman when he hit so heavily was quite a treat to witness. Gipps Land should be the nursery of crack amateur riders, and I was glad indeed to see the dis trict so well represented. The result of the Selling Race did not create universal satisfac tion. The owner of Halifax and his friends backed the colt with spirit, and it was generally asserted that he would walk in. Cer tainly this prophecy had every appearance of being verified, as Halifax was pulling over his opponents, but Robertson never moved until ne had passed the post The faces of his backers looked unutterable things, and they were terribly disgusted when they found that the stewards bad dismissed the jockey with a caution. The reason is given m an other paragraph. A field of five was a poor return for the 200 so vs. riven to the Grand National Steeplechase, ana as three of them fell, the finish was not a very exciting one. Euchre scored his trick at last Lizette's ex traordinary jumping was the theme of admira tion, but she couldn't stay home with Serine's horse. Allander's performance in the Balaclava Stakes makes Transferred a real flyer, for the bay could rive him several pounds and beat him, while ne re Morrison's cheshut conceded lumps of weight and won handsomely. Wotonga, who was reported to be a real good thing. haa grown into a very nice colt, and though he finished in the last three, it was only because he got badly away. Josephine ran in her usual style, dropping back during the first portion of the journey, but making up a lot of ground towards the finish. Someday she will go to the front and spreadeqgle her field. There were two little matterB which caused considerable dissatisfaction at the V.AT.C. meeting. One was the scratching of Burns for the' Grand National Steeplechase, the other the riding of Robertson inthe Selling Race. Coming so soon after the late withdrawal of Buzza at the V.R.C.meeting. the conduct of Mr. Inriia waa even more severely anim adverted upon than at Flemington, some of 1 the indignant backers of the horse making pemarks which were not at all complimentary to the V.R.C. oommtttw-man. It is said, however, that the ownep pi the horse had mine excuse for hi? conduct At first he in tMinri toriitnilialiivHioliimKll but having re ceived a nastyfaU while following the B&llar;&t; lured his sboulder so severely ~ ^jpdenga^Oorrigan. jtmttelEtnrdleRaoe dazed it would notjje^nse'^^llow^r^'to ride, scratched bis horeei. Still there were audi and others to public hadhapked dobblea, the * tor the the are not" _ byamajoritjrof I noticed Esnonaerfully well, unmoved every way. rmlatiufftoBonneFor be Sapling Stakes. At nnuJ we ofyearilngs, p^by Julian Avenel the one referred to, he . ctydiihe cibboHi! he told him of the error he had made, and on | consulting the Richmond etudmaster he | agreed to take her back. In the autumn, however, he submitted her again, and as Mr. , James Wilson fancied her she was bought for < 500 guineas. " It is a pity I didn't keep her," remarked Monagban, and put her up to auction." "Ah, never mind," rejoinea the large- hearted proprietor of the Hobartville stud, "you shall have 60 sovereigns out of the 500," and I need hardly say he kept bis word. ' Silence that dreadful bell" was the refrain j of visitors to Caulfield, on Saturday last, and the sooner the V. AT.C. substitutes a sound | " tintinabulator" for that instrument of tor ture which has so long made such a hideous noise the better will its patrons be pleased. On Saturday, the 1st of September; Messrs. Wilkin and Co. will dispose of Mr. Cf. Bates's j stud of horses at Christchurcb, New Zealand. Among the lot to be submitted are several well-bred animals, including Minerva, by Traducer from Sweetbriar ; Zealandia, by Maroro from Toi Toi; The Jilt, by Traducer from the imported mare Fleurange; and several others of excellent breeding. It might be worth the while of some of our Australian ttudmasters to secure some of the fillies, especially those with Traducer blood. , There is nothing better bred than. The Jilt. The friends of Mr. John Tait will be grati fied to learn that that gentleman has pretty well recovered from his late illness, but I'm sorry to hear that Mr. Thomas Ivory has nearly lost the sight of one of his eyes, and the other is affected. Aide-de-Camp, who has caused such a stir in betting circles during the week, is a Vic torian-bred horse, and was bred by Mr. Henry Bowler at Mitta Mitta. He is four years old, and is by English Tim Wbiffler from Kil larney, by Snowden, so that he is a stoutly bred horse, and as his weight is only 7st 51b. he may have a look-in. His best performance last season was winning the Wagga Derby, though in the Maiden Plate he could only get third to Jessie. He has also figured in the metropolitan district, for he finished a re spectable fourth in the Caulfield Guineas, ami at Flemington he sported silk twice, but failed to get a situation on either occasion. The Cocoanut colt, who has received so much support for the Majibymong Plate, is nearly full brother in blood to Navigator, for his sire, like Navigator's, is by Angler, and being from the same dam as Mr. De Mestre's famous black, we may see another of the family doing doughty deeds in the all black. Both Aide-de-Camp and the Piscator—Cocoa nut colt are being trained, by Mr. De Mestre. Referring to Angler reminds me that I saw the old fellow and some of his yearlings at Bundoora a few days ago. There is a marked difference between the latter and the de scendants of Tubal Cain, for Angler'syearlings are closer to the ground. Luriine's son will be almost a second edition of Darebin, though not quite so big perhaps, and the full sister to Progress promises to be a beauty. Calumny's filly is bigger than the latter, ami as full of quality as a sprig of nobility. The colt by Angler from lopaz is another that will take the fancy of good judges, especially those who believe in sticking to running families, for this youngster descends from the great. Juliet tribe. I'm very fond, too, of a colt by Angler from Smuggler's daughter, by Novel, bred the right way for a ntcenorse, and being as round as Columbus, he is bound to stay any distance. A filly by Angler from the imported mare Fortress is one that racing men should keep their eyes upon, for I've an idea that she will prove a second Lurline. Tubal Cain has left behind him some good yearlings, and one seldom sees a grander colt than his son from the nicely bred Caste. In thecolts' paddock I saw several two year olds that Mr. Gardiner would not part with.ab the prices offered, and anybody in search of well grown powerful youngsters should not lose sight of these. Among them is Cincinnatus, a full brother to Coriolanus, and, with more quality than the latter, he has the same cast-iron legs. A colt by Quambone from Listener iB a most racing-like youngster, and another from Kestrel I liked very much. The two-year-old fillies were in another pad dock, and, barring Palmyra, I've never seen such a filly as the daughter of Caste. Petrea's relative hirst Flight Princess is a perfect beauty, while a strapping fine filly by Tubal Cain from Psyche is a Panic all over, taking more after her dam than her sire. Although 23 years of age, The Marquis was in grand health at the tune of my visit; and as his half brother The Peer was just his age when he begat Darebin, it is more than probable that among such mares the sou of Stockwell will also leave his best son behind him at a good round age. Victorian racing men of the old school will remember Johnny Perkins in the days of Flatcatcher, YorkBhireman, and other celebri ties. For some years he had had charge of the Bryan O'Lyrui stud. and during his time of office Commotion and Pell Mell were raised in the western paddocks. Perkins is now I located at Moonee Ponds, where he has in training several of Mr. Henry Phillips's horses, [ including a good-looking half brother to Com- j modem. This colt, however, is to be the pro perty of a Queensland sportsman, who has agreed to give 1,000 guineas for him. Sportive, by Newminster from Adelaide, is a filly that should pay her way, and I was not surprised to hear that Mr. Phillips had refused a big offer for hefi A colt by Pumim and another by Aphony are also in Perkins's boxes, and later in the season we may see some of these keeping up the character of the Bryan O'Lynn A cable from England states that the well known French sportsman, Count F. Lagrange, is dying. It was he who "avenged Creasy |and Waterloo" on the Epsom and Doncaater Downs, for he came, saw, and conquered with that wonderful gallopingmachine Gladiatenr, who gained the triple crown by winning the Two Thousand Guineas, Derby, and St. Leger in 1865. Unfortunately for the Frenchman, however, the home was all English in blood, was trained by an Englishman, and ridden by an Englishman, so that the Gallic oodr had not much, to crow about. Yet Count Lagrange was a good sportsman, and the cosmopolitan Britisher, recognismg this fact received his victory with demonstrations of delight, congratulations being showered upon the French nobleman from all quartern. WithJhaimodem Crucifix, Filledel'Air, ha won the English Qaka, and in 1877 Cbam&nt; revived hopes ot another Demy victory by winningthe TwoThousand Guineas, but Iris hockS we» weak, arid the Count and his countrymen waredoomedto disappointment The French DerhyandOaks he won several times, And theGrandBoxde Boris fall to his ahart twice, with Gladiateur in 1865 and Sfc Chrkfcmhe in 1877; * By adveMisemait this week it is announced that XheJDiver will Btand«t Mewburn- paxk, nearhUfm (Hpps Lsnd,djaring fibs coming seMon. His tetms see lOgdDeas onljr, sol the bteedetsof G^^liU)flJwiU%vshayean opnottoidtTot ssci^iig mtimawa o£ oa* fWW.f-.-i ••■«•. .",r- ■'■■■ 'rf ; Mr. J. A. Bofcattrfs Aj^^trotting && _ _ _ i«-_. _ auits wmm view, being by Oasskfe M. , HybjrAlmost. or; rMefto*'8. bortes'hive amved At it ,3 be,?*?;"% ?o«siste of Navigator. ' ^^^bt/andpAiae tlE Catnfr, - fwr?uiefl°t entries haVe been -received tor the flat races to be run at the Wagea meeting, but the jumping events have not filled very well. For the Wagga Cup 06 hove 5 grand Statuf Handicap, 47 j Town Plate, 52; Hurdle Race, 13; Steepie ciiase, 18. I notice the name of Waterford Marquis?*' ^ ^bis the son of The That arrant coward Cetewayo has been re« named Countryman, It is to be regretted that the owner of the colt could not find some other name than that of his sire. Messrs. Campbell, Pratt, and Co. report having sold, on behalf of Mr. J. A. Roberto, the trotting stallion Prince Patchen, by Hie imported American trotting stallion San Jose Patchen from Miss Pringle, by Shakspeare. to Mr. Jones for £300. ' a ^ Bangalore (India) races in July, Australian horses distinguished themselves, and some old friends were among the winners, in© iriai Stakes brought out some pretty b mart animals, including Somerset and Ween. «ie^utonce aJmile' and Somerset, with k by a bead from Ween, whohad8st. 121b. Caractacus also started, but carried 9st 101b. The Grand Annual Steeple chase was won by Mr. Mackiin's Australian raiding At Last, whose pedigree I don't know, but Somerset is by Maribyrnong from Keep safe*5. On the second day Ween Set 91b., Somerset 9st 41b., and Palmers ton 9st 13Ih, met in the Agram Stakes, and finished in the order given, and the Service Stakes was won by the New South Wales bred Paragraph. • Mr. R. J Hunter left for India on Satur last with a shipment of horses, and as all oi them were carefully selected, tbey should prove an acquisition to the Indian Govern ment and other purchasers. All are sired by thoroughbred horses from well-bred mares, and the lot includes Hector, winner of the 0astertan Steeplechase, and Prince, a capital lumper, by Clansman from a mare by The swell, granddam by Panic. Referring to Indian shipments reminds me that a telegram announces that Mr. Warren rum •Glasscock arrived safely in the Loch Tomdon, and lost between 20 and 30 horses, an average number considering the extent of the shipment. ,, ^5®m Mauritius news has been received cattle Jack was sold to a French planter for 8,000 rupees (£800), though I presume ex change would reduce the value to about £700. When one sees smoke curling up from the bookmakers camp, it is almost a certainty fchat fire smoulders at the bottom. Backers of Warwick-—and their name is legion—will now call the old adage to memory. For the jwst fortnight there has been a disposition to lay, and one member of the fraternity in Sydney has been pretty busy during the time, bo report Bayeth. Parodying Shakspeare, one ^ appropriateness, "Alas, poor Warwick, I knew him well." When his owner, Mr. A. F. Smart, was in Melbourne a month ago he was loud in his praises of the manner in which the colt was progressing, and backed him pretty freely, so that what ever has occurred to him must have hap pened since then. Mr. Smart writes to say that the colt has strained the muscles of shoulder, through wrenching a shoe off while at exercise. If this be all, there may be a chance of recovery before the V.R.C. Spring Meeting; but I'm afraid he will prove just as rotten a reed as his brother Segenhoe did last year, when the public suffered to a still more alarming extent Finding that there was no possibility of getting him to the post for the A.J.C. Derby, Mr. Smart scratched him on Tuesday for all his Ha wkesbury and A. J. G. engagements, consequently visitors to Rand wick will not have the pleasure of seeing th« colt during the forthcoming meeting. A correspondent signing himself " Hermit" suggests that Mr. Byron Moore should expend a few pounds in alterations to the telegraph board, so that visitors to the hill might be able to distinguish the names of the jockeys as well as the numbers. He forwards a sketch of a proposed board, in which the jockeys names are as large as the num bers. This could be used only when small fields started, and as large fields are the order at Flemington and. CaulfieJd.I doubt if his plan could be carried out However, J have forwarded it to Mr. Moore, who will doubtless give it his earnest consideration. Leo is announced to stand at Chepstow® during the season, at the very moderate fee of six guineas. In his time Leo was a good and honest racehorse, and being built upon ex cellent Unei with plenty of bone and sab stance, he should not be lost sight of by owners of mares in his district The Arab stallion Serang will stand at the aamn plac& at five guineas a mare. I have been requested to state that as atura meeting has not been advertised m the Pretoria Boeing Calendar, all horses rumung thereat will be disqualified by the V.R.C. and all clubs rumung under the rules. The V.A.T.C. Ladies' Bracelet is likely to lead to some litigation. T. Jones, who had an interest in The Ghost, claims half the ralue of the bracelet, and threatens to go to Messrs. William C. Yuilfe and Co. report having sold the following horses s—Rochester, by The Marquis, from Rose d'Amour, to Mr. • Linkboy by Vagabond, from Gas light (imported, mid dam of Fireworks), to Mr. James Crough, of Bawzuuoor; Sunshine, by Dawn of Day, from Folly, by The Premier, to Mr. L. Jamieson; Mr. Samuel Gardiner's imported coaching stallion Highflyer, to Mr. A. JohnBtone, of Warrnambool; the two * by Kingsborough, from Feu dArtifice, to Captain Haimes; the well known racehorse Allander, by King of the Ring, from Lady Manners Button, to Mr. P. felly; the hurdle racehorse Mariner, to Mr. E. Weeks; and the brood mate Gentility, by The Marquis, from Mavouraaen. ivThe,rfo.11^ng "nounta were paid over by V.A.T.C. on Monday:—Mr. Carey, Steeplechase, £256; Hon. W FeaW CM itftsafes Mr. J, G, Reid, 6tfllingRace" £S0: Mr. M. Moma,^ second jyUSteeplh £7 • Mr. A. F. Sullivan, aepon^ Hurdles, £8; My. G. cflasa cock, seoon4 ChdlehgeCttp, J&T; fjhktoqr wi^kbaS ^Bawnmoor, Storing. u teasqnaMe^fee of five guineas. Vagabond and old Gaslight, OasWo&sTfe.; tWoreT wo^to a goodruntongfaSfly; - him with a t ThomaaCokwiato wett pleased with IdKtona s oolt by Colaa^bas, ^t-he has A Victorian who WestemAuatial *saw ^ ^ Pi#' resulted in " favour of a colt that dis tinguished himself at Flemington last season by running second for the Mari byrnong Plate and winning the Flying Stakes. These performances entitled him to some consideration for the Guineas, and as Narina receded, and reports of Aberfoyle having buret a small .blooa vessel were rife, I'm not surprised to hear that he started first favourite and won. Kingsdale was bred by Mr. Andrew Town, and at his annual Sale was purchased by Mr. J. Stewart for 305 guineas, bo that at that early age he must have been fancied. His breeding is of the best, for he is by Maribyrnong from the im ported mare Kosedale, who is nearly related to the great English horse Tristan. He is engaged in the A.J.C. Derby and V.B.C. Derby, and no doubt for both events he will now receive plenty of support. His weight in the Melbourne Cup is 7.st. 81b., conse quently if he wins either of the Derbys his impost will not be increased. Narina and AberfoyJe appear to have performed most indifferently. ' The result of the Hawlresbury Handicap, which takes place this afternoon, is looked forward to with considerable interest,.as it is regarded as the key to the more important events to follow. The easy defeat of Mr. < White's three year olds in the Guineas rather shakes my confidence in Gloucester, but I hope to hear of his pulling through. His most dangerous opponents appear to be llawthornden, Cunnauiulla, and Masque rade. The horse to be sold at the disposal of the late Mr. A. Martin's stud is not Wollomai, but his son Quandong. Those who have three year olds engaged in the Caulfield Guineas and Foal Stakes are reminded that if they do not declare before 4 p.m. on Saturday next, September 1, they Will be liable for the forfeit. Cincinnatus (full brother to Coriolanus), First Flight Princess, and Lyons Lady are to be trained by A. Davies, and I believe Quamboneson, by Quambone from Listener, goes to Mr. F. F. Dakin. j Robert the Devil has joined Cripps's string. Mr. Moran has had the bad luck to lose his | steeplechase mare Gazelle. She was all right on Thursday morning, and did good work, but shortly afterwards she died suddenly. j Two matches have been made in Mauritius for £200 aside, one for Avernus, 8st. 71b., to run Little Jack, 8st., and the other for Went worth, 9sL, to run Beadsman, 7st 71b. At the Windsor meeting in July, Prince Henry, by Beauclerc from Queen of York, by The Marquis, won the Mersey Stakes, of 250 sovs., and Quilt, by Hermit from Patchwork (granddamof Dizzy), won the Buckingham Stakes, of 300 sovs. 