AbJuet » MSsalioon. .1 do like American stories (says a London corres pondent). They brins1 back to me, like violets hidden in the green, those cays of my Tory early infancy when I never, no never, told a whacker ; those happy days when I had developed no propensity toT either ink-slinging or slinging the hatchet. Our American cousins are decidedly 'death on truth.' Here is a story which on its baby brow bears the crown that so frighted the Thane of Oa.v7-3or. It is another story of ballooning told by the gentlemanly and urbane editor ?of the ' Greenboro' Patriot,' N.C. Aloreland is the Brighten, Scarborough, Ostend, Dieppe, Etretat, and Peauville, more or less, of North Carolina. A Mrs. jDlliott, who rejoiced in a lovely little daughter, was «on the '.stoop' of one of thehotels, when a vendor of 'jidiarub'ber balloons passed. A Major Hawkins, of Alabama, thoughtlessly affixed the string to the child's -vr sifit, when — f ullcrash from the orchestra, if you please — iVhe'child, to its mother's sorrow, became a soarer. Up -and away, oVer the ehinirle roofs, into tho blue ?emp'trean, out to the boundless Atlantic, vras the Ibaby borne. Strong men took bo:iw. aivji-.-r arms loulled' seaward; but the Wind was king — Tremolo ifrom the fiddles ; the ghost music from ' The Corsican Brothers.' Providence, however, inter vened in the person of Mr. Charles J. Vorhees, of the Southern Express Company, who was out 'gonning' in his yacht . The child at this time had risen heaven wards some $90 yards ; but Vorheoa is a dead shot. Although th9 balloons were going Eomo ten miles an 3ionr he dared ^.he deed. Four shots failed ; the fifth cut away a balloon. Note that ; cut away the slender cord ! And so, until four cords were severed, and then, slowJy descending in a slantindicular, south easterly direction, the balloons and their precious frc-i^ht unimpaired, pouched the sandy teach of Barker's Island. At tins Vorhees, unmanned, wept, 'landed, and ' kissed the *-aby.y I honour that man, -,-' Vor tie's a jolly good follow.' 