MODERN BIBLICAL CRITICS. The Rock divides Modern Bibical Critics into three distinct classes by their answers to the one question, " Hath God said ?" There were those who, echoing the pro- nhfttinn,! "Thnst asrifcit fiVm " linlrl the Bible with supremest reverence as the only revealed will of God, and the quota tion is intended to exclude the slightest reservation. Another class may be said to maintain an intellectual guardianship of Divine Writ, accepting the Bible as the repository of all. Divine revelation, but prepared,, to take liberties with individual portions. The third class is of very marked vitality, though its members are not all bad alike. Some are indifferent ; some have drunk so deeply of German neologism that they can scarcely be said to believe anything; and others might classify themselves as infidels, or theists, or by some other appellation hostile to the Divinity. These are the theologic Nihilists, to whom the Bible is a veritable stumbling-block, a rejected book adapted only for intellectual feebleness. The experience of many of these indi viduals is well known. It is a downward course, from depth to depth of doubt and unbelief. First, the mind is disturbed, then unsettled, then vitiated, arid then antagonistic; in other words, it is first qualified to doubt the Word, then to dis prove it, and finally to deny it, and to destroy as far as possible its efficacy. To meet such opponents the Christian believer is enjoined to be armed with, "an answer to every man that asketh a reason of the hope" that. is within him. Seldom is it to be found that irreverent critics have any system of doctrine which will bear investigation by the light of God's truth. Their stock in trade is usually a bundle of negatives ; a dispute about the authenticity, of a book, a date, a, textual difficulty, the account of the crea- tion,or that common crux, the origin of man. Even their barren criticism usually par- takes of little else than the scientific platitudes of the day. It is against such rocks that men make shipwreck of their faith. They re-echo the Satanic inquiry, "Hath God said ?" and it is of the highest importance to be furnished with a definite answer.There is but one answer. If God has not spoken in the Bible we know of no other revelation. Least of all could it be affirmed of such adverse opponents that God had ever spoken through them, seeing that they practically deny His existence and His Word! Can it be deemed logical or con sistent for such persons to offer any ex - planation of what the Creator is, or does? And yet, by a strange perversity, none are so forward to formulate a scheme of creation, and attempt to demonstrate that it was only by such a method that the "Unknown and Unknowable Being" could produce the world as we see it. We use the word creation, though, in fact, miracles are emphatically denied, and special providence treated as a fable. Perhaps none of the critics are led into such a maze of contradictions, as the scien tific exegesists of the first chap. of Genesis. Twenty years ago Englishmen' were startled by a revived evolutionary dogma respecting the Creation. Even if there had been no Divine revelation, that plan could have been proved to be experiment ally fallacious with existing materials That working hypothesis is, however, in direct opposition to the Word of God. The theory argues that there must have been pre-Adamite men ; the Bible says that Adam was the first man. The same system affirms that there must have been a progressive development— physically, if nothing more towards human perfection. Against this the inspired Word declares that Adam was created in the image of God, but that through sin his nature be came depraved, and every day experience proves that fact, and his persistent de generacy, in spite of the perfectionist's theory and the philosopher's idealism. The scientist must be almost ashamed of his theory when the reiterated demand is made upon him to produce one of the links in his scientific catena between Adam and his pre-existent relations instead of his abstracts suppositions. But all in vain. The Bible does not tell us how God created all, and provided for all ; but man has not yet been able to reduce the whole to a myth, nor even to supplant the Divine plan with any human scheme however plausible in theory. Even his much-applauded man, species and genius in one, the battleground of so many critics, is nothing more nor less than a man still, in spite of all the arguments. One authority created himself a name by his bold assumptions on this very point. No one contended that he believed in any revelation, and if they did his system denied it. And how far have his disciples got? Just as far as their master's theory. They repeat his dogmas, and forget that repetition is not proof. There, are two flagrant mistakes which these critics are ever making. One is that the Bible is a text-book of science. But it is obvious that the commonest natural facts are there recorded with regard to their apparent truth. Thus if instead of reading " the sun, ariseth," " the sun knoweth his going down," it had been written " the earth moveth," the Bible would have, seemed to all the ancients down to the time of Copernicus in the sixteenth century to be palpably in error. And so of other things. The other fundamental mistake which the evolutionist makes is that gradation means progress.. It is possible, for a cbild to imagine that a three-penhy- piece grows into the sixpence and shilling, and thence into the half-crown. He might also theorise enough to believe that a heap of gold, silver, and copper coins were all the different growths of some one coin ; and if he did so he would do just' what Darwinism has done for the living creation. We need not add how impatient such a creed is with a revelation which contradicts its premises and its deductions alike. , Wattle Flat . — A public meeting sum moned by the ltev. J. P. Ollis was held in tho Temperance ball, on Tuesday, the 27th Feb., './to consider certain statements contained iii recent correspondence in the Protestant Stan darcl, reflecting on the moral character of this district ." Inasmuch as the " moral character of the district " had not been the subject of any correspondence in the Protestant Standard, the meeting was entirely without purpose and inane! The statements made in the corres pondence were that cheap balls had been held for Popish objects, and that Protestant and even so-called Orangeman had assisted at them, and that certain moral evils had followed or accompanied those cheap balls. No oho said or thought that the district was immoral, and therefore the whole, "protest" was absurd. Some speeches were put up to testify to the general good conduct of Wattle Flat. We did riot suppose it required such testimoriy. One who appears to have supervised the ball said he saw nothing improper in the roorri. Does he suppose that the " improper ". things are likely to be done in the ball room arid before the eyes of the M.C.? Mr. Ollis's way of making a "searching inquiry " was to call a public meeting to " protest" against charges against the district which we're .never made. " Of pubhc balls however he expressed his unqualified disapproval!" Why ? We sup- poso because they tend to the very evils which were alleged. There is no doubt but such balls do tend that way, and it is not only at Wattle Flat but elsewhere that girls date tlioir fall from- them. " Grinning through, a horse collar " was mentioned by Mr. Ollis, but this, however absurd, cannot tend,- like such balls, to the ruin of chastity. Whatever was said at the meeting had already, been said in the (StoicZard which gave the allegations equally of both sides ; and the meeting; amounted to 'a bit of vapour, "quite superfluous and mean ingless. Tho'mnjority present were papalini, for whose church tho balls were held. Even Mr;. Ollis himself could not .say" a good word, for tho balls. He had previously however denounced in. very strong terms in 'his pulpit "the man .who anonyirionsly vilified his . .neighbour's character," saying that " lie was a fenian .and a stabler from behind a hedge all which, he supposed to be quiti: relevant to this same business, although no individual was vilified at all or even mon- tioried. Finally there was an attempt or threat at. or of legal action for, libol, where there was not the ghost of a libel, where no body was libelled— nobody injured— a throat with' the hope of getting the navies of, our in formants from us. This was the wrong shop to deal with by throats. Tlie Davies Libel Case.— In the libol cases, Daviea v. Taylor and Davies y. Young, Mr. John Davies came oil with fly ing colours! The cases were similar. £5000 damages were claimed for that, the defendants had said that Mr. Davies, then M/L.A!, had been employed by Cornwall, Mistier,' and,! do. to get a claim which they had. against the Government 'settled quickly, and that he got £1000 for his services. It was shown that fhoro was not the" slightest fburidatiori for the 'runihur. circulated by . the defendants. , The parties had agreed to a settlement, the .defen dants, having agreed to withdraw their words, and; to say. that 'they were not true."; His Honor the Chief Justice directed the Jury to return a 'verdict for plaintiff with 40s, dam ages. The Jury. thereupon, riftef'iv consulta tion among. themselves, said they would like to discuss the matter, as', the /'charges! made were 'very serious' ones. However, pri" the Judge reminding / thorn that the parliee had agreed ;'t'o'fa settlement, they returned a vet- diet -for the plaintiff, by "consent ; ..'damages 40s. His ; Honor certified ' /for ' costs. 'M r. Young arid. Mr. Taylor desired their, counsel to say that/they were not the originators of the rdpoi't.,; Somebody must ' be slciilking behind the .curtain. The public now await 'with 'interest' the issue of tlie/ libel'.,; actidii Davies v. Harris, ,to, see whether ' the cloud that lias: lately, overshadowed the' politician is to bo dissipated or whether it "is' :td Settle down, on ' his life more ' darkly. ' The above cases are good omens. ; What Next ?— In a recent encyclical letter issued by the Pope lie implies that' the former .tiiries wero better/ thati these, arid if wo want to have a model era when Europe was at the zenith' of its 'pious fervour we must go hack to tlie twelfth century. The Catholic faith was (says'. Pope' Leo) then footed in men's souls; arid .'it was a glorious sight' 'to see multitudes, inflamed by -piety, set for'tli to Palestine resolved to; 1 Conquer, of ' dip." Strange doctrine this, to be pfeaclied'by the the sorcalled Vicar! of Christ ! ' Here is the "infallible" teacher of the churchTididing lip the Crusades as the outcome of true religion and virtue. "Truly' the >vij.d. .beasts' are' in Our ruins, the dragons in orir pleasant places." What next ? Is it any wonder that atheisti cal opinions should be on the increase' in Roman Catholic countries. A Ritualistic Traitor.— Next to the Rev. F. G. Lee, Rector of All Saints', Lambeth— who is an honorary D.C.L; of tho Ultramontane University of Salamanca ! — the clergyman who has the unenviable character istic of being tlie most Romish of all the Romanising clergy in tho church of England, is the Rev. Thomas Wimberley Mossman, Rector of Torrington, in: the diocese of Lin coln. He has, in times past, writteri and said many daring things, but probably. the most daring of all is his letter on "Papal Infal libility" in last Saturday's : Church Review . In this extraordinary ! epistle, to which some one in authority would do well to direct the attention of Mr. Mossman's diocesan, he refers to the Decree of the late Vatican Council which declared the Pope to be Infallible ; and says ; — "So fur from seeing anything incon sistent with reason, or history, or' Holy Scrip ture. or the Catholic faitli, in that decree, thus understood, it appears to me that natural piety itself, arid ' a belief iri; God's providential guidance of His Church, would lead us to accept it." Most persons who love consis tency '.will naturally' ask, why Mr; Mossriian, who believes in the Pope's Infallibility, does not publicly submit to his authority, and leave the church of Eng'pnd,1 which, in her Homily of Rebellion, speaks of the Pope as " the Bahylonicnl Beast of Rome"? No Difference ! — A rerriarkable assertion of the Rev. J. Mozley in his publi cation " Reminiscences of Oriel College and the Oxford Movement" is contained within the covers of the same volume. C I still feel," he writes, " that as a matter of doctrine, that is of belief, the difference between what is held by English churchmen, and what is held,' by Roman Catholics, is infinitesimal"' (p. 386). This was written by 'Mr/ Mozley last year ; and, therefore, his remarks must . be. held, to apply to the new doctriries of the Pope's'Infallibility, and the Immaculate Con-' ception of the Virgin Mary. - But if our differences on these and other points of doc trine nre but "infinitesimal," the Church of England must be decidedly in the wrong in, refusing to accept all Roman doctrine. Progress of Romanism.— The progress. of Romanism in England during tho past thirty years was proved the other day by a Roman Catholic priest; . the Rev.' J. Sher lock, who/ at a meeting of Roman Catholics held'in Dudley, said that " Whereas the num ber of children in the Catholic schools of England and Wales numbered 1 only 34/750, there was now an average attendance of 155,000, with a total number of scholars on ' the registers of 220,000. At the time referred to the 34,750 children -were taught by;740. teachers' with very few assistants or pupil teachers; while' last year, according to the Government statistics, there were 1687 teachers, 629 assistants, 1662 pupil teachers, and 30 monitors. Last year, too, the cost of schools nmounted to £237,000/ and of this sum £118,000!was obtained by Government grants." " A Remarkable Conversion.— The Record reports that a remarkable conver sion has lately taken place in Dublin. The daughter of a Roman Catholic lady holding a prominent position in a public institution at tended evening service at one of the parish churches;.' /So /deeply impressed wns she by the simple truth proclaimed from the -pulpit, arid by ; the intelligence' and beauty of the Ghurcli : Service,; that, she first inducedflier: .sister ; to i accbmpariy. her to < the church on Sir nday evenings, and subsequently' Iter iriother. ! The result' lias been that all three have left the Church of Rome, and it:is doubtful whether this lady- will . be permitted '' to hold' her -appointment. ' . . ; ; Tlie murderous attack upou Sir . Henry. Parkes.— Decidedly ; the worst feature of the Anti-League mooting, .remarks the, Echo, was the brutal attack upon Sir Henry Parkes : without 'the door. ' -The beastlike impulses of the mob darkened their faces, with a tigerish ferocity. They appeared absolutely 'as brutes. ' Humanity was burnt out of them; and shall we say', the worst phase of the Celtic nature all : ablaze in its/stead ? Why did they desire ito;, have the life, , the blood, of; the ex-Premier? . Because of' 'the laches , the /mistakes, the arrogance of his political, pareer.?. Nothing of the .'sort, but simply because, he stood .before them as; the representative :Saxon, and' more,- because he .had, dared- to/speak the' truth/and to defend thediost and dearest interests of./ Australia. It, was ! a i/miserable, /contemptible, pitiful scene, nndr.will recoil with terrible effect upon: the. chief actors': The gray hairs of the old man; have never perhaps .been quite, so much honoured as: upon /this ! morning- after the storm. His fame is brighter/ his name clearer,. .his "influence deeper to-day than for a long time past, and Mr. Redmond has.thus crowned him — Mr. Redmond,.. who has stirred up. the. bad blood of Ireland: for the vexation of: Australia.'; i. Let, Parliament turn: upon' the Ministry to-ffay or itortnorrow, or this month or/year, and /Sir/Henry ParkeB might return in; triumph' ,witli whatever party lie. might choose to -lead. T 1 Few Irishmen ori Catholics would stand ; the: remotest chance- rif re-elec tion. Insulted, and outraged -and wronged, .theiSaxon .blood, .the Protestant, impulses, the Australian;, spirit ,of the/people would rally around a common,, standard.; Arid looking up. from the: dust,: Jroland might thank- Mr. Redmond for.' the good deeds lie. had done, afuhwish him much joy of all' the results of his;preaching. : '!- Promoting:: disorder in i Ire- land. — -The- Archbishop of Gasiiel,' Dr. Crpke, lis: (remarks a London; weekly. paper), consistently enough, doing all in his power to promote disorder in Ireland. He is! not con nected with: the borough of , Mallow, but he has written a -letter supporting strongly, tho candidature of Mr. O'Brien, whose chief recom mendation is that lie is now the object of a Government prosecution for tho violent lan guage lie lias used in the press, tending, to disturb civil order in Ireland. "Were I con nected with the borough," says his Grace, "either as an elector or as a nonelector, I should most assuredly exercise every legiti mate influence that I possessed to secure the triumphant return to Parliament of the gifted, fearless, patriotic, and uncompromising editor of United Ireland." Cardinal M'Cabo, who is doing all in his power to preserve the peace in Ireland, must have said in his heart, when lie : road this letter, " Wo is me, that Lam constrained' to dwell with Mesech, and to have my habitation among the tents of Kedar. My souLhatli long dwelt ainong them that are enemies linto peace. I labour for peace, but when I speak unto them thereof, they make them ready to battle"— which last is exactly the role of his Grace of Cash el. _ Tlie result of Priestly Train ing# — The murderous mob of the priest- trained were thirsting for the blood of Sir Henry Parkes on Tuesday night, and would have had: it too but for the efforts of a strong body of ipolice assisted by some Orangemen; who resisted the rush of the gang and enabled the whiteheaded old man to drive off in safety. These blood-thirsty scoundrels are: the friends and relations of .the Irish assassins. These are the men .who- are stirred up by demagogues to murder in cold blood ? What wonder that Ave. object toisuch immigrants. What wonder that all loyal lovers of order have a holy hatred for the men, Redmond and others of that ilk, who stir up the passions of such men 'to evil, deeds. On Tuesday they gave us a taste of their quality. "Wliy M. Renan became an Infidel. — -The Rock remarks tiiat nothing which M. Renan writes can be uninteresting, but there is a special importance attaching to the autobiography which lie is now giving to the world in the Revue des Deux Mondes. He distinctly, .attributes his infidelity to the teaching of the Romish ecclesiastics by whom lie was. instructed in his youth. He might have accepted the canonical ' Scriptures, with rilltheir difficulties, but the imposition of the Apocrypha was too much for hirn. The Book of Judith;: for example, which' is a favourite of Roman theologians, is, as M. Renan observes, an historical impossibility. How many truthful i and earnest spirits have been lost to Christianity by the teaching which nlinn nf n/-1 TV/T Dnnnn O iii. Iiuuau i h R. ©. CbaplaillS. —There are says The Press seventy-seven 'Roman Catholic chaplains1 paid by the Government to-minister .to our Roman Catholic soldiers stationed in India; Of. these, only twenty-six are secular I priests — the reinninder are all : members 1 !of Monastic Orders/ including/ sixteen Jesuits. Strange to relate, .out of the seventy-seven chaplains only seven are British subjects,' and these include threbVEast Indians 1 - There are forty-two Italians chaplains', .'arid 'twenty-five who are either French or Bolgiari! Even though it: were right for a' Protestant Govern ment to pay seventy-seven Roman Catholic priests to foster Popery in our Indian' Ariny, though we do riot admit it for- a moment, yet surely it is a public scandal that so many foreigners, owing no allegiance to our Queen, should be appointed to 'such a position; Dnglisli rebel Saints. —The same Paper;ob8er.ve8 that the process '-of declaring I certain, English Romaw Catholics to ho! Canon ized Saints has commenced at: Rome/ The names of, Cardinal Fisher and Sir Thomas More are being, alone, put prominbritly'forWard, in eorinection with' the process, by Ultramontane journalists. /They are careful riot to mention the names'of the remaining " English Martyrs " who' are to be canonized at the same time. It is, however, generally understood ' that. they include several well-known rebels who-suffered in England, riot for, their religion, but ; as traitors to their So vereign and country. ; Certain of. the- Gunpowder Conspirators are Baid'to' be among the number. - n. i Dr. Pusey aiicI liis Bishop.— Bishop Wilberfciree wrote to Dr. Pusey in 1850 in such terms. as; these : " I firmly believe the irifluencb 'of your personal rninistry does: irioro i than: the labour of1 an open enemy to wean from :the pure faith - and simple' 'ritual of our Church the affections of many of those among her-. /children.: whose' zeal,'' tenderness, . and devotionvwould, if properly guided',' inake therii eminent saints and her especial, instruments in . God's . ownniwork: in this/land." The Bishop considered that Dr. Pusey. i was'/'f helping to make a party of seriii-Rotrianisersintlio Church." He put'/tho Tractariari leader for about a year undorh(ii;'jformal though private prohibition against performing anynministerHlvact- in Hiib diocese. r.Tiiis much:suy's The Rochiy' -venture to; say, — ah'd we shalLbe surprised if Mil. Regi- : nald . Wilberforce's , forthcoming . volume' does not place: it beyond :doubt — whaite'ver distrust of the Tract'arian party the' Bishop entertained thirty years ago, he entertained'a much: deeper distrust in his1 later years, ; when! he had 'had such, bitter 'proof, in his own family : that fheir principles : iniist, . /as,' he wrote, 'i " ultimately surely lead to the; Church iof Rome!"'/ ' Denton Auswered.-We congrat ulate the! ltev. E. U;iSpicer,/M.A., ' on his' ivdry successful lecture in reply to Mr. sDentonls challenge. That -gentleman too/confidently challenged !: any : cine in Sydhey/:to.5sh'ow the icompatibility of : the. RVst chapter'! of Genesis with modern : science. : Mr.! Spicer met him. on his own . ground, ! tlie Masonic hall was filled, arid Mr. Denton's1 assertions were , contrasted with the real results'of modern science'. oThe: inaccuraoies of 'tho - challenger were shown to be many and flagrant-; arid Iris statements rash.:- We think Mr. Spicer! will repeat: bisilecture'. . :> - , >i ,,:i / Boii't iiail bis ears; to the pump. — This bid -method ' of hinting,; a deed , while in words opposing .it, was lately exemplified by a Mr. Mullally, (a 'Frenchman of course), in a correspondence; with the Victorian Banner. "If" lie says, "a publi- cation of the typo ofthe' Victorkm Banner is allowed to be dissbniiriated throughout the length and breadth of Victoria, arid is allowed to be read by . somo ,oasy-to-bp-excited Irish Catholics, or Victorian Catholics, it would, he no wonder to ino if the editor of the paper and its plant would wake, up somo morning and find himself liurled into eternity by tho hand of an assassin." The Irish bull is bad enough which represents the plant, as well as the editor, waking up to find itsolf assassyir ated : — but the suggestion is atrocious. ,vim A Cowardly Ministry .-The Daily Telegraphr emarks that although the Legislative Assembjy was counted out before 8 o'clock o'ri Tuesday night, not a single member of the Governmerit put in an' appearance at . the meeting of, citizens at the Protestant Hall to proitest against the mission of tho Messrs. Redmond. . Mr. Dalley and Sir Patrick J nnnings no doubt have largo influence with .their colleagues, and no opp would be unreasppahje enough to object' to1' that ; '.but it is quite another matter if tlint infltierico is used, .pveri I?,/ phgatiye sense, to .'/countenance tins sedi tious utterance of these Land League repre sentatives. We may, however, be doing an' injustice; to Mr. Dalley and Sir Patrick Jennings in assuriiing thait tho absence pf- their colleagues was duo to any interference "of theirs, or. that they would not' have been pros- ent themselves to attest their loyalty to the Crown, had they not beeri prevented by .'un avoidable circumstances. But no explanation of this, character has yet been .made,' and /tile sntpo fibaeiice of Ministers is naturally coni- mented upon. It is, of course, well known that the present Government received the ?nPffpi't of the Catholic' party, biitthey certainly made! no bargain ' to pocket tlioir opinion in regrird to 'tho Irish Land Lenguo and the Phconix Park assassins, nor is it at all likely that1- :onr- Roman Catholio fellow-colonists would wish to extract any such promise Iran them. But this only makes their absence from such a gathering all the moroconspicuous. Since their accession to' power, Mr. Stuart's Government has done much to 'cominnnd public support, but the good 'impression they liuve so far created, will certainly not onrible them to flaunt : Fenianisrn in the face of 'the public by attempting to furnish Mr'. Redmond who a- run way pass, or oy ignoring a meeting presided over by the Mayor to give expression to the loyalty of the citizens. Orangemen and tlie Anti- Sedition Meeting.— Tlie Echo' re- -marks tliat " the Oraiigo complexion; of 'the platform on Tuesday night' was a blunder. What ;it' 'means is hard to say. for it is undoubtedly a loyalist paper, arid in another place speaks out its mind, pliiirily. The fact ' is that Orangemen- are' 'to "a man loyal and sworn to loyalty/ and there fore thoy are always plentiful at meet ings to protest against sedition and ' oilier loyalist moetings. - All 'horiqur to- ! therii .'for -it. " If there had '"beeri a; ' good i Orangeman ainong the : ' Ministers . of- /.the Grown, he -would not have skulked: as did his comrades, O'Connor-like, in dread- of misorable votes, but would have boldly come forward to proclaim his loyalty. Again, -if there had'not been many sturdy Orangemen in the crowded hall, the organised gang of roughs would have taken entire possession- of -the hall, and then woo, betide the more prominent loyalists.: As it was,! -tho 'rowdies were ejected, in spite of their heavy sticks, and thoir .cruel bags: of cayenne popper. After the meeting it was Orangemen, that assisted the police to keep off the murderous ruttians that rushed at the old. man Sir Henry Parkes with murderous; intent, and Orangemen also followed' for; miles the/oab ' whicli bore hirii away; , and- even climbed -into it to protect him if th'oseiwho had boenibathed in Dr. Vaughan's "bath of supernal light," should follow. 'arrfl again- latto'mpt to molest him. What would the loyalist- citizens have done but for tho- do- termination of tho Orangemen?, Why are Orangemon always found-on -the sido of order, and ''priest-trained .'/din t-lib- side of rowdyism aridimurderi?-!: !'; -.,! a ;--'i .>; = />', n -/i1 