THE SCRAP ALBUM. (OrEN to Casual GontrirutoRs.) Dapto Agricultural Society mooting this ovon ing. Spelling Boo nt Bulli this evonfng. Main Road meeting nt Bulli 011 Monday ovon ing. Continuation of Mr. Oroft'a- sale at Bulli 011 Monday. At the District Court, yesterday, Mr. John Gavin obtained a verdict for £15 against the Borough Council, for injuries received by one of his horses in a stump-hole in Keira street, North. Aldorinan Galvin is again about to do the Good Samaritan 011 bolmlf of the Hospital by a concert. Such voluntary acts of public charity deserve overy cncoura/ouiont. ' Macqnario' suggests that Mr. Weber should erect n ' look- out' 011 each side of tho deep wntor pond acfoSs tho Main Road, near Albion Park. 'Traveller' wants to know when Cawley'a Hill ia to bo metalled. Ho thinks it should bo suffic iently puddlod for that purpose hy this timo. Mr. F. A Franklin suggests that exhibits of butter, chocso, and other articles adapted for ex portation produced in this district should bo soul to the Calcutta Exhibition. It is to bo hoped that somo of our enterprising dairy farmers more especially will act upon this sensible idets. Tho fact that Mr. O. A. Porter finds milk sell ing at Camdon twico as profitablo as butter making at Avondnlo speaks well for dairying in lllawarra whon wo shall have tho railway. Sketch of tho lifo of Sir William Chambers in our fourth pago well worth reading. ' Athlete' wants to know what has become of tho Wollongong Football Club. A Wednesday half holiday is boing established at Bowral. A London thief, who came to Melbonrno a fow weoks ago to ply his profession, has been caught and sentenced to twelve months' imprisonment. Sinco having cut so sorry a liirnro in conn»ction with tho Egyptian affair, Franco has been uneasy to liavo a Shot at somo piano and po'plo, and now finds opportunities iu that rcspoct in Madagascar and Tonquin, £3000 compensation has Ifton granted by tho Imperial Government to Mr. Field, the Dublin Juryman, who so narrowly escapsd assassination in conncction with the Phoenix Park murders. The locomotive for the Mount Pleasant Coal Company's railway is now on its way from Belgium to Sydney. The two-storey houso on tho Cfardon Hill Estate formerly known aa ' Wilshires,' is being renovated by tho proprietors it is said, at a coat i f about £400. Mr. Georgo Oaborno, of tho Free maaona' Hotol at . W.ollongong, lias tho contract for tho work, and is to occupy the house 011 cum plstion of tho improvements, carrying it on either as a first-class piivato boarding establishment or a Club Hotol — a grand site for either purpose. Two years on Tuesday last ainoo it was decided in a public meeting held in the Council Chamber that a company be formed to light Wollongons! with Gaa. It tliua appeara that private conceroa aa well as Government undertakings move slowly occasionally. Two years yesterday morning since tho Queen of Nations reached Towrodgi, and remained there. Tho Jows are again being cruolly troated in several parts of Russia. His fellow jockeys aro to erect a tombatono over Mooro, tho jockey, 16 years old, who was recently killed at Nowcastle by striking against a poat whilo riding in a raco. Armidalo desirea to bo lighted with gas, but don't aeom to know how to go about it. It is stated that tho railway surveyors are almost done on tho lino north of Coal- cliff, and Mr. Surveyor Edwards is removing to Spring Hill, immediately south of Wollongong, to do some more work in regard to the propoaed routo in thai direction. 383 trips made by vessels to Wollongong during the quarter ending 31st March last, and 58,225 tons of coal ahipped from the port during the 8ame time, in addition to general produce. Not bad. 150 cwts. (hundred weighta) of New Zealand butter reached Sydnoy last month. When the Sydney prices don't suit the exporters to sell it. they placo it in the Ice Company's stores, and keep it there until the weather interferes with the trips of tho lllawarra steamcrtj. It is then placed in tho markets, and commands top prico. Mr. G. A. Porter states that by selling his milk at Camden, to the Fresh Food and Ice Company, he is making double as much money as he would from the samo quantity of milk in lllawarra made into butter. In Summer he g--t eightpence a gallon for milk, and now he gets teu pence. It is to bo hoped that Mr, Wright as Minister for Works will prove tho right man in the right placo in regard to tho lllawarra Railway. Mr. Wober lot contracts some wooks ago to re pair the bad portions on tho roatl botwefm Wollongong and Ghost Bridge, but the state of the weather prevented tho contractors commencing work until this week. Parts of this piece of road requirod doing very much, and It is to bo hoped it will be well done now that it ia taken in hand. Mr. G. A. Porter not only makes double ns much money from mi k selling at- Camdoi. ns he could from butter making in lllawarra, but he and his family aro wholly relieved from the rial drud gery of dairying. Tho milk on being taken from tho cows is put into cans, and at once conveyed to the Camdon tramway platform, about 4 iniloa diatant, The Ice Company take charge of it there, and defray all costs to Sydney, In fact, there ia no dairy kept under auch circumstances — all that is required is a stock-yard. And all these advantages tluough railway communication. 15 per cent, dividend paid by the ' Buttor Com pany' for last year, and £1000 added to the re serve fund. Good. 23,000 tons of coal were exported from Now castle last week. The Paddington nomination, consequent upon tho acceptance of the office of Postmaster-General by Mr. Trickett, will take placo to-morrow, and the polling, if any, on Tuesday. The Queensland Premior says he is rather pleased than otherwiae at thojlmperial Govern ment having decided to make a Crown colony of New Guinea. The Cobar Copper Company has paid £120,000 tn dividends since it started, a few yoar3 ago. 