USEFUL GHOSTS. A Tennessee ghost comes to a house in Hamilton county, and rocks the baby to sleep every night. Now then, by all the dwellers in “ the nether gloom," it there is a reckless 'ghost of any old ancestor of ours would liko to find steady employment at good wages in a quiet family and good neighbourhood, we can give the perturbed spirit all it wants to do in tho silent line of general housework, with Sunday afternoon for itself and one night out every week, when it could go around and raise a ghostly racket with tho neighbours, and haunt all the lonely houses in (he neighbour hood. What a gem of a house servant a ghost would be. Never “aass” back; always invisible, The pie would come on the table ns though it were sailing through the air; the carpet sweeper would perform its noiseless functions without the howling accompaniment ofQnah na-gnah-natha wah that wur tho place whnyre the whisky is plenthy—whack ! fol*. dho*roMol P And at. night it could haunt all the objectionable neighbours until they fled the neighbourhood, and property would depre ciate 75 per cent, when wo could buy it in and whack up with the ghost. No light and no fire required for the ghost's room. No private watchman wanted on the block; no dog on the promises. When a burglar climbed in at the window and felt the cold, clammy fingers of the ghost wiggling I down the back of Ms neck; when he drove a 10 inch- bowle knife clean I through the ghost's bosom five times, and the spectre smiled sadly at him nod showed him where bis throat had been cut clear eff nine years .before, how the robber would drop his kit and wing bis restless flight to realms beyond the farther limits of the city corporate. And when the door bell rang, the ghost could just stick its hoad clear through the keyhole and see who was them before the door was opened.: therq would be no sweethearts loafing, about the kitchen Sunday nights, ah. no*. Truly, a ghost would he a great boon t » tho home, and if any. of our renders knows of a ghost out of a job, send him at ones to this office. 1 