YOUNQ. MEN'S, CHRISTIAN ASSO- ' CI ATION. LAYING THE FOUNDATION-STONE OF THE NEW BUILDING. The ceremony of laying the foundation-stone of the new building at the corner of Pitt and Bathurst Etreetf, for the Young Men's Christian Association of Sydney, was performed on Saturday afternoon by Mrs Margaret Hampson, the celebrated lady evangel- ist. The extensive excavations for the premises were provided with accommodation for nearly 1000 per sons, the seats rising in tiers on the western side, affording the spectators a good view of the cere mony. . On the northern portion of the ground was erected a wooden stage, capable of seating 100 persons, the principals in the afternoon's proceed ings. The front of the platform and the boundaries of the gronnd were decorated with evergreens, wbicb, together with, a large display of banting, imparted qnlte'a gala appear ance to tho scene, Admission "to the enclosure was by tioket, nnd outside the handrails which pro tected the boundaries were several thousands of people. All traffic in that portion of the streets wsb suspended during the. proceedings, the people maeeing the whole width ol the road ; and from the balconies and windows opposite, indeed, at every point of vantage, people thronged to witness the spectacle. Among those present on the platform were the following clergymen and laymen : — Revs. J. Cosh, A. W, Murray, IV. Clare, Savage, J, Vanghan, G. G. Howden, T. B. Tress, J. Hargrove, W. G. Taylor, J. D. Langley, G. Martin, the Dean of Sydney, S, Wilkinson, J. Oram, G, Mid- dleton, — Bowes, O. R. Collier, J. Jeffaris, LL.B., A. G. Fry, Dr Steel, A. M. Jarvie, D. P. M. Hui- bert, J. If. Fletcher, A. W. Pain, — Madgwick, Colin Stewnrt, S, Bryant, F. B. Boyce, and J. A. Nolan. Among the laymen we noticed the following gentlemen : — Hons. W. J. Foster, J. Frazer, H. P. Abbott, L. F. De Salis, Ms.L.C. ; Major Bird, Messrs G. F. Wise, John Kent, Josiah Mullen, D. Walker, — Wilkinson, Government Geologist, T, Rowe, Henry AileD, J. B. Goodlet, E. Vickery, J. S. Adams, Clement Lester, Hugh Dixon, Alderman Dean, Dr. Oraig Dixson, and Dr. G.J. Sly, Before the commencement of the pro ceedings, the choir rendered eevernl of Moody and Bankey's hymns in a pleasant and effective manner. The Hon. W. J. Foster, president o( the associa tion, took the chair at half-past 3 o'clock, Mrs Hampson occupying the seat of honour on his right hand. The Chauiman called on tho Rev. Dr. Steel to give out tho opening hymn, "All people that on earth do dwell," and aftor it had been sung, The Very Rev. the Dean op Sydney read the 12th chapter of the Epistle to . the Romans, com mencing at the 4th verse, and also the 3th and Gth verses of tho 16th ohapter of the same epistle. An appropriate prayer was thon offered by the Rev. J. Jeffebis, after which the Bev. J. H, Fletcheii gave out the hymn, " To the work, to the work," at tho conclusion of the singing of which Sir John Kent read tho following statement: — " Tbe following papers are enclosad in a sealed bottle, placed beneath the foundation-stone : — Tbe ' Sydney Morning Herald,' ' Daily Telograph,' ' Australian Churchman,' ' Church of England Record,' 'Presbyterian Witness,' 'Weekly Ad vocate,' 'New Sonth Wales Independent,' ' Banner of Truth,' ' Y. M. O. A. Monthly Notes,' ' Annual Report of the N, S. W.Y. M, O. A. for the year 1882,' and a copy of tha following statement: — " This foundation stone of promises for the New South Wales Young Men's Christian Association waa laid by Mrs Margaret Hampson, lady evan gelist, from Liverpool, England, on tbe 27th day of October. AD. 1883. hemp the 4fith veer of the reign of Her Mo9t Gracious Majesty Victoria, Queen of Great Britain and the British Colonics, and Empress of India ; the Bight Honourable Lord Augustus William Frederick Spencer LoftUB, Knight of the Grand Cross of the Most Honour able Order of tho Rath, a Member of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council, being Com mander-in-Chief «of New Bonth Wales and its Dependencies ; Premier and Colonial Secretary, tho Hon, Alexander Stuart, M.L.A, ; Mayor of Sydney, John Harris, Esq., M.L.A. ; Primate of tbe Church of England and Ireland in Australia and Taemania and Bishop of Sydney, the Right Reverend Alfred Barry, D.D. ; moderator of the Presbyterian Assembly, the Reverend T. A. Gordon ; president o( tbe WeBleyan Conference, tbe Reverend William Moore ; chairman of the Congregational Union, tbe Reverend A, G . Fry ; chairmnn of the Baptist Union, the Reverend D. Fenwick ; president of the Young Men's Christian Associa tion, William J, Foster, Esq ; vice-presidents : Bev. W. M. Cowper, M.A., Dean of Sydney ; Rev. Robert Steel, Pb, D.D.D,, Presbyterian Church, Phillip-street ; Bev. J. G. Eraser, M.A., president Congregational College, Newtown ; Rev, William Kelynack, D.D., Wealeyan Obnrch ; Rev. J. Kin ross, C.A., principal St, Andrew's Presbyterian Cotlogo ; Hon, John Frazer, M.L.O., Sir G. W. Allen, Knight, James B, Fairfax, Esq., H, E. A. Alien, Esq., Hugh Dixson, Esq. ;' honorary trea surers, Ebenezer Yiekery, Esq., John II. Goodlet, Esq. ; honorary architect, Thomas Rowe, Esq. ; honorary secretary, Mr John Pepper ; general secretary, Mr David Walker ; contractor for masonry and brickwork, Mr Robert Sime ; con tractor for carpenters' work and finishing trades, Mr William Coleman, The New South Wales Young Men's Christian Association was formed in Sydney in the year 1S53, and for some years had a numerous roll of members, its objects being pursued wiiu considerable vigour ana success. Then came a season of less activity, and the association was almost dormant, until in the year 1874 Mr D. W. Murphy was elected general secre tary, and premises wero rented in King- street, and subsequently in George-street. Under this gentleman's management tbe roll of members and sebscribers largely inoreaBed. Energetic and effective efforts were made for the social, moral, religious, and intellectual welfare of young men. In 1877 tho Rev. Dr Sommervilie, of Glasgow, after a series of evangelistic services in Sydney, exerted himself to strengthen the position of the association, and place it on a more permanent basis, Tbe result was that a number of Christian ministers and laymen framed a constitution and doctrinal basiB for the association, which will be found in the annual report enclosed herewith. This constitntion was ndopted at a general meet ing of the members, and the building to be erczted over this stone is to bo in perpetuity for the use of an association carrying on its operations under . this constitution. At tho same time a number of ministers of different Christian denominations, and about 380 laymen petitioned the board of management of the association to appoint Mr David Walker general secretary. This was done, and forthwith there was a large addition to tbo members and subscribers. Publio confidence and sympathy gradually In creased, the Christian churches manifested their interest in and appreciation of the efforts and co operation of tbe association, wealthy laymen and mercantile firms gave liberal financial support, young men attached themselves to the institution, and much useful work was accomplished. The offices were removed to the more commodious rooms now occupied at the corner of Pitt and Paxk Btreets. These were Boon found inconvenient and too small. The necessity for more suitable premises being apparent to wealthy citizens in terested in tbo welfare and character of our young meD, and who realised tbe value of the work of the Young Men's Christian Association, several of them practically manifested, their sympathy by large donations towards a building at onee adapted to tho requirements of tbo association and orna mental to the city, Thoir example whs liberally followed by others. A site was secured at a cost of £13,000. Further donations toward the Build ing Fund mado tbo total subscriptions £11,331, aa will be seen by list of contributors contained in a CODV of the Sudneu Mnrnhin TTerahl nnftlnnnri herewith. The board ol management accepted . tenders for the erection of the building, the cost of wbicb, with furniture, will be about £20,000. At tbo suggestion of the Hon. J. Frazer, M.L.0 , the largest contributor to the building, Mri Margaret Hampson was invited to lay tho founds tion atone at the conclusion of a series of highly sua- cessful Evangelistic services in the city." Tbe Ciiaibman said the Hon. John Frazer, on i of tbo vice-presidents, had been asked to lay th < foundation stone, but be had requested that tin ceremony should be performed by the lady evnn- gclist, Mrs Margaret Hampson, He called on Mr Frazer to present that lady with tbe trowel. (Applause.) Tho Hon. John Fbazeii, M.L.C., thon, in u few well chosen words, presented the trowel to Mrs Hampson, expressing the hope that if ovur she revisited Sydney, she would find it crowned with a superstructure, which would be the centra of great usefulness. Tho trowel was a handsome Biiver-gilt one, from tho workshop of Messrs Hardy Brothers, the well-known jewellers of Hunter- street. Tha engraving was elagant and chaste, and the trowel bore the following inscription : — "jesus only.". Presented to Miis, Mabgahkt Hampson, on her laying the foundation stone of tbe Building for tbe Yonng Men's Christian Association, of New Sonth Wales, Sydney, 27th Octobor, 1883. MrB Hampson was then escorted to tho dais, in front ot which was suspended the foundation- Btone, and addressed the vast assemblage. She said she hadmad very strange experience since she had promised to do in that place what she had never done before in her life. She had always held back from stone-laying, because it involved speech-making, and her friends at home always refused to read speeches for her. It seemed to hor almost like mascnline work, and to have a . smack of the blue-stooking about it ; but in Sydney they had made hor do this thing, and that noble man having laid such an offering to God on that stono, sbo fait that she could nul ruiubo tbo request, . Wild nwpooi w I speech-making,. sho. felt that it was.one thing for her to carry a' message from God, to deliver the words He. put into Her month, and quite another' thing to tabulate a'speedh. She felt then as if ber brains and nerve'Bnd heart wero in tittle bits, and Bbe was incapable of consecutive thought. When she began to think of what Bhe had to talk about — the snbjeot of young men — her brain ran on the topic of what yonng men ought to be, and that they were often so different to what they should be. She had to talk about Christian yonng men. It was a grand thing to be a young man, but far greater to be a Christian young man, and if they began to. talk about Christian yonng men, what a glorious theme they had. What a glorious thing for them to stand shonlder to Bhonlder in life's battle and show to all that the' most glorious thing God ever made was a Christian young maul Then with respect to the Yonng Men's Christian Association, they had to show what anion meant, what a grand thing it was. She only wished .that they had a competent one to deal with the subject of tbe mighty power of unioo. Some dear friends present could take bold of some one fact and so Bhape it to the audience bb to briDg out from their pockets on to that fonndation-stone gifts thBt wonld not only pay for tbe completion of the building, bnt endow it for all time.: In England they thought the rich ehonld lay these Btones and cover them with gold ; and so she felt that her laying that fonndation-atono was a hindrance, as all she could pat on it was a widow's mite. Bat while she could only lay tho widow's mite on the stone, she felt that tbey intended to supplement it, SDd that they did not ask her to do a pecuniary injury to tllA CRTlCf hnf f.Ktif whnn fhow anflfaivar) (tin "honour upon her they intended to make up the amount. She conld lay plenty ol love nnd sympathy on tbe stone, and they were acceptable to God ; but sym pathy must he crystallised into gold, in order to comjileta tbe building. It was no ordinary col lection they were making that day, nnd the ques tion was being asked, " How much owesl tbou unto my Lord 7" Tbe - association had special claims upon them. Some of the elder men who landed In tbo colony long ago, know how they would have esoajped many a year of sorrow, and perhaps of sin, if they bad had some one to meet them on their arrival, and to aid them by their counsel, Bnt it was too late in the day for bcr to praise theso associations, which wero the glory of England and Amerioa and the glory of these colonics also, because tbey laid hold of the young on landing, and saved them from temptations that mot them at every turn. Tens of thousands of yonng men ontered Bydney yearly, and the association onght to have a band of workers to board every vessel that arrived, and take the Btrangera by the band, and say in effect, " Come with as, and we will do yon good ; wo have friends who will help' yon ; we will save yon from wasting your money, and we have facilities to work with." She could never forget her dear son going away from her; but she had two great - joys in the midst of her great trial — the first waa that her darling was a Christian, and the second joy waa that he was going into a land where they bad Christian as sociations. He carried bis credentials, and was met on reaching his destination,|and tbe first letter Bbe received from him told her that only for being away from his mother he felt as if be were at home. The time had passed when ministers of churches turned their backs on these associations lest they should hart the Christian church, but - they had proved tbe reverse, and men were able to divest themselves of denominationalism and to work together in these institutions shoulder to Bboulder. Bbo was going to lay her little mite on that foundation-Btone, and if the other offerings were to hear the same proportion to the donor's l> t,HltU UQ UCIaUbtitl UliCllU U iU Ml Uvt pUOOwbalwIiu) they wonld not need any money to complete tho building, and tbey would be able to raiBe other edifices, and to prove to scoffers that Christian men and Christian associations were the grand levers tbnt God is using to elevate humanity, and to uphold the Cross, tha glorious in signia of the world's redemption, llumnnity would be raised, and God glorified, and tbousanda of men and women would be saved, 10,000 more than had beea saved already. She then announced that £658 lua had been sent on as offerings to accompany her mite. The precious memento she had received that day she would take to old England to Bbow them what Sydney Christians were, and bow they did this business. The collection wbb then made, whilst the audi ence Bang tbe hymn "In tbe name which earth and heaven," given out by tho Rev. D. Fenwick. Tbe contributions having been placed on tha stone, Mrs Hampson, escorted by Mr Rowe, henprary architect to the association, and the Hon. John Frazer pioceeded to lay the atone, Bbe placed the bottle containing the doenments under tho stone, which was then lowered into position, and Mrs Hampson offered a brief prayer. At its conclusion she declared, " In the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost this stone is well and trnly laid." Three cheers were then given, followed by cheers for Mrs Hampson, and for the association. Tho Doxology was then sung, nnd the proceedings, which throughout had been marked by perfect order, terminated. Tbe contributions placed on the stone amounted to the handsome sum of £11X7 2s 6d. The following brief description of tbe bnilding will be of interest . — The dimensions of the land arc— GO feet frontage to Pitt-atrcet, and 141 feet to Bathurat-street. The ground floor will be de voted to eight lofty shopB, two fronting Pitt-street and six to Bathurst-Btreet, each shop being well ventilated and lighted, and possessing a com modious cellar, Every precaution has been taken to render these ehops fireproof. The first floor is entered by a spacious flight of stairs, leading to the landing, off which are tbe leeture bail, GG feet x 40 feet G inches and 29 feet high, tho reading room, 39 feet x 24 feet G inches and 1G feet high, also the class-rooms and parlours. At the western and of the lecture bail are a oboir gallery and platform, and there ia also a gallery at the eastern end. The interior, with its coved and panelled ceilings, nicely broken into bays, will be one ot tho moat handEomo balls in the city. The second landing is reached by a bold flight of stairs, and there are situated three class rooms, and also the dining room, with a patent lift from tha kitchen above. From the samo -landing the gallery of the lecture hall is reached, tho hall being capable of accom modating about 1000 adults. On the third floor are the gymnasium, and at the eastern end the amusement room, bedrooms and lavatories ; and from this landing tha bathrooms and custodian's rooms arc approached,' Tho kitchen is situated in tbo north west corner. There is a fine entrance from tbe western end, in Bathurat-street, leading to the platform, and forming a means of egres9 from tbe \- leotnre hall in caae of need. The exterior will present a very imposing appearance. Tbe style of architecture is a freo treatment of the Gothic. The building will be of brick with atone front to the two streets, with the principal entrance from Pitt- atrcet. 