REV. J. NICHOLSON ON THE SALVATION ARMY. Pursuant to announcement the Rev. J. Nicholson delivered a sermon in the Gawler Wesleyan Church on Sunday evening, July 29, on "The Salvation Army, its place and power," basing his remarks on 1 Corinthians, xii., 4 to 6. "Now, there are diversi ties of gifts, but the same Spirit. And there arc differences of administrations but the same Lord. And there are diversities of operations, but it is the same God which worketh all in all." In his opening remarks he showed that God had ever in the time of need raised up qualified agents to do his work, as in the time of Judges—Nehemiah; and Paul chosen as the apostle to the Gentiles. Later in the history [of the world Luther, the Puritan Fathers, and Wesley and Whitfield were all fired with apostolic zeal. At the present day each section of the church was doing the work for which it was specially fitted. He went on to speak of the various gifts so different even among the apostles, and yet it was "the same spirit working through all, and said they were now blest with the advent of a simple-minded unlettered people who were filled with the spirit of God, and scores he believed had been and hundreds he trusted would be saved by their means. The apostle pointed out that no one member was independent of the body, and each had its special work, and he wished to impress this upon them as underlying the chapter and test for the purpose of illustrating that the Salvation Army had a place. The place that army occupied was among the lapsed masses, those who were openly im moral and irreligious. In every large town there were a great number of such people, and many asked "Why does such a lapsed mass exist?" and blamed the churches. He did not think the churches were to blame primarily, but chiefly the fallen people themselves. They knew of the light, and would not come to it. There were other matters which helped to produce these social and political changes—short hours of labor, the multiplied temptations to evil, &c.;, that were characteristic of the present day. He did not altogether exonerate the churches; there were not sufficient workers among them. The reason of the success of the army he [attributed to their concentration on one object, the salvation of sinners of the lapsed class. Then their lively methods of working, which he did not altogether endorse; their hymns, and their sensa tional posters, their plain speaking, and sometimes broad humor tended to arrest the class they were seeking. He thought, too, that the class-feeling—the clannishness if he might so call it—between the teachers and the masses had something to do with the success. They came from the masses and had tasted of the bitterness of sin, and so as living examples could speak so as to be understood by sinners. The secret of the power of the officers of the army was that,they were full of the Holy Ghost. It was not by the power of in tellect, or earthly power, or agency that peni tents were made, but by the Spirit of that God who was making the weak things of the earth to confound the mighty. He thought the churches might learn a lesson. It was work wrought by the Spirit of God, and as they recognised that truth let them do their work depending upon that spirit.: He then ex plained the various ways through which that Spirit worked, and prayed that God would give to all the churches the same power. He believed it was the duty of the churches to recognise this new-agency, and co-operate with it as far as opportunity served. Bach had need of the other, and each- had its special work. Members of Christian churches should attend first to the work in connection with their own churches, other wise the body of Christ would languish; then when opportunity offered what remaining strength they had they might devote to those God-honoring servants. He hoped he should not be misunderstood, and that God would forbid the slightest spark of jealousy creep ing in so long as souls were being saved. It was the duty of the church to copy the excellencies of the Salvation Army workers; their earnestness and simple faith should win admiration, while their extravagantsensationalismsshouldbeguarded against, as well also as that censorious criticism which was indulged in by some of the members of the army against the churches, which arose, he thought, from a want of knowledge. He concluded by an earnest appeal to the members of the church to be true to their work and true to their master, 