SPIRITUALISM. TO THE EDITOR. —Yours, &c.;, JAMES CURTIS. SIR ,-Again I write that it is not fair to quote such matter for testa as “Enquirer” has. Poor Randolph is set up on the top of a column as an authority. P. B. Randolph was an opium eater. However rough he was on Spiritualism he was ten times rougher on Chris tianity. Neither should Thomas Lake Harris be dragged io. Certainly, in his younger days, in trance, he dictated two of the grandest poems that 1 know in v the English language. “Lyric of the Morning Land/'253 pages, 12 mo., was dictated in 30 hours, and .reported by au ■amanuensis. The other,' “Lyricsof the Golden Age,” is a work of 417 pages, 12 mo. His subsequent erratic decline: from the ordi nary ranks is referred to In Mrs Britten's History of Modern Spiritualism in America." It would ', be quite ras equitable for me to quote euch men as Mr Price, of the Agape' mone, near Bristol, as samples of Christians and Christianity. I have supplied “Enquirer" with a aeries of tests, or principles of Spiritu* aliem, upon which most agree. None of these 5 have been assailed. Nothing good of Spiritu alists can be believed by your correspondents, “Enquirer," “MacTirrk," and :They all seem ; to Spiritualism should be the filthy thing they would rejoice to have it to be. ,No testimony.is. of . any value .to. ; them. ; There is notrutH buttheirsi' WVare ; .'Spiritualists and Materialists in the same breath., The. texts'.which ;for. : ages have been hurled against Roman .Catholics are discovered to be wrongly applied, and now ascertained* ? .that, they were written by Paul to apply exactly to Spiritualists of the 19th century, nofcwith standing:! he ; - expected 7 the. end#- io.hianwn i way. We are the devil's own. Yet it has beannoted that conviction of Spiritualists for crime is'of comparatively rare occuVrenco, r 'and I could copy paragraphs from orthodox litera ture in America comparing the virtues and gooddeeds of placing them muchly iu advance of the orthodox Christian, Statistics are scorned. Let me- : oUer some authorities, not Spiritualists.* They were computed at 10 millions io 1867, from an eati* mate compiled; ,r by v the. : council; of’ ’the Roman Catholic archbishops aud bishops assembled at Baltimore in that year. Hep worth Dixon (--'New America") an unbeliever, gives a tenth part of the population of New England States, and n fifteenth part of other i States. Chambers* Cyclop mils (article “ Spirit u j alisin") says, v in 1859, teb years after its Vise; there were 1000 public advocates of it, 30 periodicals devoted n to cause, besides hun r dreda of books, All * these have enor mously increased since. There are regular monthly and weekly periodicals in English, French; German, . Italian; > and; other: tongues, and also In India and the colonies. AL Mon cure Conway stated at a public meeting, “ that he had been recently travelling in Russia, and there amongstieducated people,jin. the houses of counts and barons, wherein he mingled in intellectual society, he found that one or more of the members of the family were Spiritualists/ 1 ■ A 'large -of the British in India are also Spiritualists. But the truth of the subject is more important to me than numbers or rank, iQ-givmg-names of- eminent ofiwhom Spiritualists" may .well; *ha proud,', it .must'bo merely;understood, that; little value' would be attached to .-names unknown 'to'.the public, Christianity. Itself would : make,. but,*a ,poor show! provided all those ‘were'subtracte'd who dp hot profess* '.and those who-; termed nominal Christions,,and those- whom, deppmi j nations'..pay, of 'one" another, ‘‘are not real Christiana."!. Because some,, i write, critically .apdj severely- .present laws of divorce r every' other'also to hold the’aamfi yio^s, 3i Emirient'.CbrisYiAa raVn have wrifctep quite, as ’ and. *ypt the idea does not force itself on me that 1 ail church members are.in'unison . with their writers on the subject of ‘marriage/ ‘No manMh the pre sent generation’ has-. 'severely against ! laws of *^the - constitutional : laws of 'matrimony’' as,i John/ (though by no mean's cpnaidered the beat form of tiseringlyn epoken ,of. Manifestations ~6L old"' are ..purrbunded ,witb •mystery; .-and, w.ho‘ caa'tell Imt that many*Vperr hfipa mosfc,’ of. ’the' communications ’ eaid 'tb : .bb r {rom’.-'Qod, were giyqh; • t'o, :tbe;seers and. prophets .of ~ old‘. ; Ly.'-’ any other moans. Zs ic not -more than possible, too, that iWes- its existence to.Spiri.tiial mani* j featotionfc'? Raps' andpother phenomena were "known 1 ,, In' the .Wesley family for hi periodof l bvef'a third paH of B cehtufy.’ In a work by- Dr Adam^Clarke, of.,thevWesley| Fumilyi!V.tiiere aro;aboi;t..3s. pages devoted to “raps" and other manifestations at the parson*! J'goip. Epswortb. John. Wesley's father states : | —“I have been thrice pushed by an invisible! power,” &c.; Mrs Wesley, the mother, writes,’ In connection with these raps, &c.;, that she was “ rather inclined to think there would be! frequent intercourse between good spirits and} us, did not our deep lapse into sensuality pre-i veafe it." Emilia,, the .sister of John, alsol writes:—“l was too'much^lnclined to infi-| d6lity; : Botbat.l beai-tily rejoice at having inch' an opportunity' of ‘ 'convincing 1 myself past! doubt, or; scruple; of ’thib existence of some; bemgalbesidelthqse'.wesee'/.'/^lnwriting.pf bis; “sister Nancy’s, account," John Wesley said ;* —“lt> (the ; something) - comnionly walked' after her from room; to room." Susannah,l in‘'a "letter v td her brother Samuel, I 'writes;’ —“lt.now .makes .its personal .appearance.”; She adds, with due. caution “Do not say one word of this." Robin Brown, the servant, 1 said “it used frequently to visit him in bed, up the garret stairs, and io the garrets, like a' man in jack boots, with a night gown trailing! after him," Thirty years later than the abovej the sister Emily (Mrs Harper) wrote to John! -Wesley,_who-made_a. .note. atihe.back-of-the! letter, “This is the latest information I have I concerning Jeffrey (they all called the spirit 7 1 Jeffrey) and bis operations. It seems he came.! to Emily to give intimations of approaching afflictions or evils,* just .as. Socrates informs us his demon was accustomed' to apprise him of any evils thatwere about ;(o Happen." In Tyerman's Life of Wesley , he says,, be “was a firm.believer in. ghosts and apparitions;" and he adds,- “We have little doubt that'the Eps worth noises'deepeued and most powerfully Increased .Wesley’s'convlctipn...of..the existence of an unseen world, and in, this way exercised an • important influence-on - ihe-whole- of his future life/'. > These manifestations first occur-* rod when be was . quite young.. ...John Wesley declared that if be gave up . faith in witchcraft, he must give up the Bible. From the above I judge the Wesleys knew much’ more of this sub ject than they were inclined to reveal; and these events at Epsworfch occurred only about thirty years later .than the’ Salem witchcraft tragedy or tragedies in New\\.Ebgland,'when 20 per sons, mostly women, were put to death by the direct action of the Government officials, between 6th Juno and 23rd September, 1692. About 200 were imprisoned, many of whom perished. One little-witch—under-five-years was sent to gaol.' This was all accomplished by good enlightened Christians for the glory of God, and for the sake of obeying one of \wo infallible texts, 