EOHOES OF MELBhOURNE. (By Tnin GOHosT.) Dec. 22. The coming holidays have cast their shadows before them, and as the English speaking race, according to that prince of old chroniclers, Froissart, " take their pleasure sadly," in this national idiosyn cracy may perhaps be found the reason why things in general are, to use the hackneyed phrase, flat, stale, and un profitable. If Ohristmas time brings its rejoicings, it also brings its bills, and those are . the crumpled rose leaves that sadly mar the joys of "the festive period of the year." At no former period of the year have those pickers-uip of unconsidered trifles, the newspaper correspondents, boon compelled to draw more extensively on their "inner conoiousness" than at the present time, nor more forcibly reminded of the truth of the old aphorism ez nihilo nihiljit. Trno, it is just now the season sacred to snakes and big gooseberries; hut the former are pretty well "played out" from a literary point of view, and Gippsland has succeeded in giving the coup.de-gracc to all past and future "yarns" anent abnormally sized fruit, the nanme of which is a combination of the dis. tinctive appellation of the most silly of birds, and the most astute of Victorian Ohinf Secretaries, by producing a goose berry " thze sizfe an ordinary turkey's egg." Until somobody succeeds in grow ing one as large as a cocoa-nut, the big gosoborry business nmust now perforce re main a dead latter to joulnalistic para. graphists. And apropos of gooneberries, one is re minded of Mr. Lavion, the Miintistr of Mines, who has become anl extensive alnd successful fruit-grower in Gippsland, and inferentially of our distinguished visitors the Earl and Countess of Itosebory, to whom Mr. and Mrs. Lovion have boon acting as guides, philosophers, and frieion, during their journeyinge tibrough the colony. The fact that the noble darno is of the Semitic race, being a daughter of the house of Rothschdd. Ihas perhaps in somne degree cont- ibtued to the apparent intimacy that has sprung up be tween tile ladies who have been journeying together in the State carriage, whirled hither andn thither by express trains, descended mines in conm pany, and boon photographed for a group on regaining ooe nmoure the "glimpses of the moon." in their "digger's costume." Ohl Israel ! oh my country I The ladies of Victoria will doubtless be pleased to learln-as stated by a metropolitan even. ing paper- that Mirs. Lovien may '"hence forth be considored as one of the leaders of fashion among the upper ten." Suhll is the value of oven reflected greatness in a democratic comnmunity. His Excellency the Governor has re turned to Victoria, after a trip to tihe sister colony of South Australia, on board HI.I.S. Nelson. Sooth to say the ab seauce of the most noble marquis was not generally felt. Wore it not indeed that iln schedule D the item of £10,000 per annum occurs with a'persistent and some what wearisome regularity, people would be rather apt to forgot we enjoyed the presance of a constitutional representative of her Majesty. Thero are "no balls,. nerdinoers, n,, nothing," to make his pre sence felt. Perhaps wh~o thero is a FederatedAustralia-which willno doubt, from present appearances, be on the occa sion of the occurrence of the next Greek IKlceuds-we may contrive to make one tiovernor do for the united group. Theo saving thus effected should have some little effect, with politicians of a frugal turn of mind, ins hastening the establish rnont of a Southern Thminion. The united "screws" of the vice-regal gon tlnmon in Australasia would sum up a pretty considerable amount. Mr. Mirams, or som, other honourable member simi larly endowed with an arithmeotical mind -perhaps Mr. Laurens-could tell to a fraction the number of millions sterling on which at four per cent, the total of the salaries now paid would defray the in terest. And when the cost of repairs to Government HIouso, renewal of furniture, special trains, alnd" unforeseen expenses' is added to the sunml, people may begin seriously to ask themselves whether even " a real live marquis" isn't "dear at the money." Mr. George Ernest Morrison, whose plucky conduct in connection with lns unsuccssful attempt to traverse New Guinea from south to north, is worthy of all praise, is now recruiting hisahattered health in Geelong. In, the sallok-faeod invalid, worn to a skeleton by privations, intermittent fever, and the loss of blood, consequent on a spear wound which lntt a blood vessel near the bridge of his nose, few persons would recogniseo' the athletic young footballer, the pride of' the champion team of Australia. Under the parental roof, lihe is slowly recovering, atnd before long the story of his travels may be looked for. His achioe'oments as an explorer far surpass those of the two gen tlement who may fairly be assumed to havb been' his rivals il the same field. One of them never went beyond the bounds of missionary civilisation, travel king a distance which any one can now traverse in a three daya' trip; and the other closely imitated the famous King of France, who "marched up the hill, and then 'marched down again," by simply going to Neow Guinea, and comingi homo without attempting 'anything. And it must be remembered that Mr. Morrison is barely twenty-one years of age. The Pittman case has been finally dis posd'"of, as far at least as the Govern munt is concerned, by the disihissal of the accused from the public sorvice 'of Vic toria. The folly and injustico,of referring the affair, in the first place, to an irres ponsible board is now apparent.. While still innocent in the eye of the law-not having yet been placed upon his trial by the proper legal tribunal --ho is adjudged guilty and' punished for his offence. There is of course no sympathy felt for the de linquent; but the worst of crimlnals is at least entitled to justice, and it is gener ally felt that nono-exceIpt of thoeJcd burgh kind--has been shown AMr. Pittman. " When some proud son of man returns to earth"-if he happens to be a member of either. branch of the colonial legisla ture-the Houses adjourn as a "tribute of respect to the deceased." Some twelve. months-since, Mr. Johnatone, the senior member for Geolong in the Assembly, shullled off this mortal coil, and the usual interruption to tlhroutino of legislative business took place in consequenco. Subscequently, the honouralle gentleman chaving died in circusmlstnces the reverse of allluont, it was determined by his friends to solicit sutbscriptiois to place a menmorial stone to mark the last resting place of his remains. Lists woere for warded to the memubors of the legislature askiug thlem to assist ill the movement, anld to forward their donations. WVill it be credited that of all those who were so anxious "to show their respect" and worn so ready to waste a day of valuable time in order to do so, not one-witll one ex oeption-responded to the appeal? Yet this is the undoubted fact. Neitlser the Ministry he so faithfully followed, nor his colleagues, nor his associates in the Assembly, contributed one farthling I The solitary exception was Professor Pearson, who eant a cheque for two guineas ! Actions for libel against newspapers are common enough, but when editors of rival journals tackle each other in the law Courts-when literary Greek meeoots Greek -then intdeed comnes the tug of war. It is rumouredthat proceedings havobeen insti tuted by the proprietor of a paper circu lating l not a thousand miles outside Geolong" against a rival to recover damages for statements in the correspon once columns of his local contemporary. For the credit of the craft it is to be hoped the breach may yet be healed with out the necessity for the intervention of " the devil's brigade." As Dr. Watts has observed, "It is a fearful sight, when children of one family fall out and ehido and fight." Has not the Press blen styled "the universal brotherhood 1" Just now South Melbourne,: as the locality better known as' Emerald Hill has been designated since its admission into the rank of full-blown cities, is suflferisg from a severe attack of morality. Mir. Nimnno, M L.A., Chairman of the Bench, is virtuous, and there is henco forthl to be no demni-monde within the municipal boundaries. Aspasia and Lain ansd Phlryno have, for being "without lawful andjvisible means of support," been sentenced to three months in gaol with hard labour; and a Mr. Nathan, a well. known furniture dealer, to a year's in carceration, also with hard labour, for furnishing the domniciles of the errant fair ones on the time payment system. Of collrso the public sylpathlise with all legitimate efforts to cleck immorality and proevent vice from flaunting itself in the light of day. Bult it is generally felt that in this instance the magistrates have gono too far, and their decision is a harsh one. The procoedings hIave been appealed against, and 'may perhaps be annulled when subjected to tlhe revision' of the superior courts. Should the sentence be upheld, furniture dealers will in future have to make strict enquiries in regard to thle morals ef their customrs ; or tho sale of a table and hialf a dozen chairs may act as an introduction to the inside of her Majesty's Gaol. In the thleatrical world there is little to recorl. The note of preparation for Christmas has been sounded inl' all the hIomses, whore the legitimate drama is shlortly to give place in two of them to pautomimo. \Vhy thlis foolish custom of parading harlequin and columbine and Ipaltaloon is still persevered in by msana gers it is hard to saly. They all aver that lsmtonllime doesn't pay ; then why per petuate thle insane custom of producing it oum Boxing nsiglht I 