FICTION. (From English, American, and other Periodicals.) AN EARLY MARRIAGE CHAPTER VII. FOrLKD. While the unhappy woman was pleading so earns estly for recognition, and a welcome, the heartless squire had in a measure recovered from his fright at thus being confronted by one whom he had long supposed dead, and who now threatened to overflow all his careful plotting; and he exclaimed in a voice of Scornful wrath : " You are not Rose Moulton ; you cannot prove it. You are only some vile impostor who has picked up small bits of gossip, and cleverly putting them together has come to frighten me with the story, doubtless expecting to be bought off. Got I will have nothing to do with you." "Your heart is harder than adamant but thank Heaven, it is in my power to prove my identity Look I" She raised her long, bony hand, and held it out to him. c On the palm lay a large and heavy brooch. She touched a spring, and a lid flew open, revealing the face of a very handsome man. Squire Moulton started, and a look of hatred flashed over his countenance; for the face that looked out upon him was like the face of his deadly for, only with a younger and fresher expression. "Look!" she said again, and touched another spring. The face of the man disappeared, and in its place that of a young and exquisitely beautiful girl appeared. The dark and star-like eyes had a wistful look in their depths ; the ripe, full Ups a tempting curves and masses of raven hair fell upon her neck and shoulders, spotless and fair BE polished marble. The evil man smote his brow with his hand, and caught his breath convulsively at sight of this ra" diant creature, " Rose," burst from his pale lips. / Again she repeated that one word : "Look!" Another spring yielded to her touch, and a dimpled rosy-cheeked cherub, with black eyes and hair, Smiled joyously up at him, With an oath he sprang to seize the strange jewel from her but quickly shutting the several lads, she had it in her bosom, " Oh, Heaven I" he exclaimed, you are, you must be ROBB I" "You acknowledge me then, at last!" she cried, with a wave of hope in her voice, " Oh, bless you for Ralph's sake. Do not harden your heart again, for my life has been a desolate waste. My name was a misnomer, for nothing but thorns and briars have grown along my life-path. Say, my brother, speak, and tell me that I have not come to plead in vain that you will give me back my place in your heart and home, and I promise you, no servant ever was more faithful and devoted than I will prove, if you will but lift me out of the depths of my present woe." Vain, useless pleading P Hearts of stone do not yield to a woman's tears ! With a bitter oath he spurned her from him. a " No, you shameless wretch 1" he exclaimed. " Get you gone from my eight for I swear, by all that's sacred, that you shall never cross my threshold. My house shall burn to ashes before it shall be polluted by your vile presence I" She beBther head upon her hands in silent anguish for a moment. Her heart was crushed anew within her BE its returning affection was thus outraged, All hope died within her bosom; An outcast she had been for many long and weary years, and an outcast she must remain. The squire smiled grimly. It pleased him well to see her writhing in her agony at his feet, for he deemed the conquest now would be an easy one. But can a mother forget her young P Never I " Where is my boy ?" at length she demanded, hoarsely. " How have you brought him up P Is he as evil and cruel as yourself? or have you kept that one trust sacred: P Tell me'P' " Rose Moulton-for I am convinced that you are indeed she whom I once called sister, for no other could have had that brooch-for this once, and only this once, will I condescend to answer your questions then you must tramp. I never will recognize you, You chose your own path in life, and now you may reap the fruits of it. After I left you that night, as I thought, to die, I resolved never to think of you again ; you might die and rot you and yours, before I would lift a finger to save you. I did not leave the city for" it was my pleasure to stay. I WEB plotting vengeance against one whom I had followed for years. A week went by, when all at once it flashed upon me, that if I had your boy, I could use him to carry out my plans ; so I resolved to go back and get the young one-" " Oh, heaven 1 pity-spare me !" groaned the stricken mother, sinking back among the bushes, and burying her face in her emaciated hands, "Yes," pursued the villain, "I knew if lightly trained, he would be just the one for my purpose You know all about that silly story of my youth I bow Allerton stole my bride. And that was not all, either, that I had against that family. Your own seared heart, and blighted life, will bear me witness to that. " Well, Ellerton was in Naples, I had followed him there. His wife was dead, but he, poor loves Sick youth, could not get over it, and so went abroad to take his mind from his grief. His son and nurse were with him. He left them at Naples while went travelling for a few months, " His boy was not very well-was pale and puny, but after his father's departure he began to pick up and grew wonderfully, until I was struck with the strong resemblance to Ralph, who you know was always small of his age. There was two years difference, in their ages, but you would never have known it, and a stranger would have sworn they were twins, Satan must have put the idea into my head, for I resolved to change the children. I resolved to have my darling's child to myself, and let him have yours to bring up and educate." " Ralph Moulton, curse you-curse you !" shrieked the poor creature, rocking to and fro in her agony. " Hold, I have not finished yet You wanted to know how your boy had been brought up, and I am telling you I felt assured that if I could effect the change without the man's knowledge, the father would never he the wiser, for they were so near alike." | " For weeks and weeks I watched, but it was of no use ; the nurse was always with him, never leaving him for a moment. But one day fortune favored me. They were out in a grove behind their villa, and the boy begged for a drink of water. The nurse tried to make' him go in to get it, but he was obstinate and refused, " At length she consented to go, but told him not to move from the place while she was gone. I almost shouted for joy, for I felt my hour of triumph had come. I stepped from my place of concealment taking Ralph with me, and seated him beside the other one. It was a picture I shall never forget. The two children, as near alike as two peas, sat looking at each other for a moment in silent astonishment. But I could not stop to look long, and lifting the one/ was after in my arms I turned to flee, when when a heavy blow felled me. "The nurse had gone like a flaSh for water, end was back in an instant ; she had seen me take the child from the seat where she had left him, and com- prehended the whole thing. She struck me on the head with the tumbler, and seizing the child, sped away into the villa. Cursing my ill-luck, I took Ralph and made off. The next I heard of them was that Mr, Ellerton had been sent for the nurse had had an apoplectic fit and was dying people said she had received a fright the day before; what it was no one could learn, for she would not speak of it until her master came. When he arrived it was too late, and she died trying to tell him something. "What that something was I know, and you can guess ; so my secret was safe, and I thought I might have another opportunity to effect the change. But be suddenly left the city, taking the boy with him, and for several years I lost sight of them. " We finally met in this place, but the boys had not retained their resemblance to each other ; besides they were too old, so I had to give up that idea. I have sought in vain for other ways to wreak my vengeance, but never had an opportunity until a little while ago, when I ployed him a fine trick. But that's not here nor there, I have recently taken Ralph into my confidence only I have changed the story a little to suit my purposes, I have told him that it was RUerton whom you sent for when you were dying-that you were his mistress before he married, and you sent for him begging he would take your boy and educate him. He refused to do so, scorning alike him and you. I have also forged papers proving that you were legally married, and that he is in reality the rightful son and heir. He believes every word I have told him, and being brought up you know, under right influences, be enters heartily into my plans for vengeance." Nothing could have been more fiendish than the expression with which Squire Moulton concluded these dark revelations. " Heaven pity me that I was ever born, or that I ever gave birth to a child for you to bring up to such wickedness and woe," groaned the poor woman in a voice of despair. Then suddenly springing to her feet, she shrieked : "It shall not be, you villian 1 I will thwart your fell designs ; I will go to my boy and reveal the whole plot tell him what a foul lie you have told him, and that you are but making a tool of him, I will reveal myself to him and expose your villainy. You shall not ruin my boy !" " You will reveal yourself to your son, will you !"' sneered the other. " What a revelation that will be Do you think he will believe you are his mother P You look like the mother of the boy who is to inherit a million. He would be proud of you, no doubt 1" ' She flushed deeply at his cruel insinuations, but replied sadly : " If there is one particle of filial affection in his heart he will show it, and believe me when I show him this." She held up the brooch before him, He had forgotten she had it, but he now knew that she could prove her story with it, and he resolved to gain possession of it by fair means or by foul, " You said you were destitute," he said trying to assume a more friendly air ; " what will you sell me that bauble for T I will give you a good price for it.'' I thank you, sir," she replied, with biting scorn " " But I do not choose to part with such valuable evidence in my behalf. No, sir ! this will prove my story, and I will use it. Such wickedness BE you meditate shall not go on." "You talk well of wickedness; pray, how long since you became such a saint P But enough of this," he added, sternly. "How do you suppose Ralph would receive your story? Do you think he would love a woman who had brought him into the world to suffer shame and disgrace? Do you think he would feel tenderly towards mother who confesses she deserted him in infancy, and led a dissolute abandoned life ever since ? And, moreover, would he thank you for revealing to him the fact that he had no name ? Madam, take warning ; you don't know your son as well BE I do," OF 1" wept the desolate creature, realizing the truth of all he said, "But you have lied to him about his parentage, and-" " What of that Ought not his name to be Ralph Ellerton?" " Yes, oh, yes ! but-" " Well, then let him claim it, and get the fortune if he can. The papers I have will prove all I want, spite of all Ellerton can do. I'll make a bargain with you. If you'll help the matter along, when it is all settled, I will acknowledge you as a relative, perhaps a cousin or something of the kind." " Never ! You do but insult me the more by such an offer ! I tell you it shall never be. If I cannot See Ralph, I can at least go to Mr. Ellerton and warn him, so that his son may be saved from such suffering and disgrace, I have sinned in the past, but I trust I have repented, and am willing to do what is right now, even to the sacrificing of my own son 1 Let me pass," She tried to leave the arbor, but he barred the way, standing firm within the entrance. " No," he said, " you do not go until you give me those pictures, and a promise not to meddle with my affairs " Her heart quailed, for there was a wicked look in his eye that was fearful. But she put on the semblance of boldness. " Let me pass," She drew herself to her full height, raised her head haughtily, sweeping back with one hand the heavy masses of her hair, while she flashed her brilliant eyes witheringly upon him. "* She must have been glorious in her youthful days for there was majesty even now in her look and mein, despite the soiled and tattered clothing. " Never !" be growled between his teeth. Swifter than a flash she darted toward him, seized him around one knee, and he fell to the grounds crashing and struggling among the thick branches of the arbor vice. Another instant, and she had vanished from his sight like a ghost, curses loud and deep burst in a torrent from Squire Moulton's foaming lips, as, painfully arising, he made his way from the place. Scarcely had he stepped outside the circle, when a sight met his eyes which caused him to totter backs half fainting and gasping for breath. CHAPTER VIII. "LOOK TO IT," Half crouching, half lying among the tall grass just outside the circle of arbor wits, was a large, swarthy looking man, his eyes and mouth agape with astonishment at the wonderful story he had just heard rehearsed, A close observer might have noticed his paleness and agitation. Evidently something in the tale had moved him deeply for great beads of perspiration stood on his forehead, from which his cup was pushed back, and the hand he raised to wipe his brow shook like a reed. - He might have been a fine-looking man, for his face was highly intelligent in expression, and his form was, tall, straight, and well developed. But clad in his soiled and much-worn garments, with face deeply bronzed, locks uncombed, and beard un- shaven, he was but a sorry-looking object. There was a roughness about him, too, and a fierceness in the gaze of his eye as be looked upon the terror stricken squire, which were enough in themselves, coming as he did unexpectedly upon him, to drive the color from his face and lips. The stranger was the first to recover his self-pos- session, and assuming a sneering, half defiant air while at the same time he seemed to enjoy Squire Moulton's fright, said " Well, squire, I must say she's a pretty spunky woman, that sister of yours 1" "Who are you how long have you been here did you hear-" incoherently gasped the startled villain. "I heard every word" interrupted his visitor, with an air of triumph, " That answers two of your questions, I believe; but the other I do not know as I feel inclined to reply to just at present." \- " How came you here ?" demanded Squire Moulton beginning to recover himself somewhat, and angry at the insolent manner of the other, " Well, if you must know just how I came, I rode part of the way, and walked another part," There was a sly twinkle in his eye, and a sarcastic smile lurking in the corners of his mouth. " What was your object in prowling around my grounds, and listening to conversation which did not concern you P" The scheme's voice was more friendly now, for he felt he was in the man's power, and it would be better to temporise with him than to threaten him, though in his heart he wished he could strike him dead at his feet, " Well, squire, I don't know as I object to telling you that that woman has been prowling round here, too, for several days. I've sort o' had my eyes on her, and I thought I'd find out what she was up to AB to it's being no concern of mine, perhaps 'us, and then again perhaps it isn't. Anyway, I rather think she's got a little the best of you, hadn't she squire P that is," be added, slyly, " unless you can get hold of the pictures, Handsome man, that I Seems to me I've seen him somewhere before now." " The deuce take it I" muttered the squire uneasily. "I would give a good deal if I had them in my possession." " Would you, really ?" asked the other, a sudden idea seeming to strike him. " Well, what would you give a feller to get them for you ?" " Ah !" said Squire Moulton, starting and eyeing his strange companion closely. "I would give a hundred dollars fifty on the spot, and fifty more when they are in my possession." " By golly, I'm your man, then ! Fork over, and call it a job I" The strange man sprang eagerly to his feet, evidently anxious to have his services engaged. "But," returned the other hesitating, "I don't know anything about you. How do I know but you will make off with the money I give you, and never show yourself again P What is your name P" Well, I am a stranger in these parts, so I guess you won't be able to find out much about me, except what I choose to tell you myself, I go by the name of Ronald Edgerton-a pretty good sounding one, I think, too. And as to my making off with your money, you'll have to take me on trust, I guess, as I've nobody to back me." " Where did you come from ?" asked the squire, wishing he could strike the man, for his cool insolence exasperated him beyond measure. " Well, I came from the city out here ; but I hail from California." " California I" repeated the squire, with a gasp. " What part of the State ?" "The diggins! Mighty poor diggings they were,, too, for me, so I thought I'd better dig for somewhere else. But what do you say, squire-is it a trade that I go for the picture' ?" " I don't know," muttered the perplexed man, less and less inclined to trust the stranger. " Better" replied Ronald Edgerton, laconically. "Why 7" demanded Squire Moulton, sharply. " Well" continuing to use what seemed to be a favorite word with him-" well, I've gained some pretty valuable information to-day, you know, and if I can't make a trade with you, why, I shall be under the necessity of doing so with some one else 1" " Oh ! you threaten me, do you ?" " Not at all, squire-not at all only a feller must get a living some way or other." "What do you do generally for a living P" " Well, most anything that turns up ; sometimes this, and sometimes that." Squire Moulton was in despair. He could get nothing whatever out of the man, He was too much for even his sharp villainy to fathom, and no cross questioning could catch him. He did not like' his appearance at all. Sometimes he spoke like a gentleman, and sometimes like a rough, ignorant fellows He was a puzzle, which it was beyond his power and wit to solve. It would have pleased him better had there been more of the decided rascal about him. But the man had evidently listened to the whole of the conversation he had had with his sister, and he was in his power. All his dearest secrets were now in the possession of this cool, insolent man who called himself Ronald Edgerton and he cursed himself again and again for having allowed himself to breathe them in the open air. But it was of no use now, to waste time in vain repinings, and he resolved to do the best be could by making an ally of the man, "I'll tell you what I will do, Edgerton," he said, at length, assuming a friendly air at the same time drawing forth his purse. I will hire you to dear, little odd jobs as these. If you like, and pay you well for them, too. You shall have the fifty dollars now and the remainder when you bring me the pictures' then I shall have something else on the docket I have no doubt." " That's it now you talk to the point! ThanVee sir," he said, as he took the money. " You will not fail me now I may depend upon you?" " Depend upon me, that you may. If it's in the, power of man, I'll have that breastpin before many days. I guess I'll be traveling now," be said, as he put the ball out of sight; "but you will see me again soon. Good-day air" He touched his slouched cap politely to the squire and turning was quickly lost to view. ' For some moments Squire Moulton stood lost in deep thought. He could not trust the man fully try as he would. But he was where he could not bear himself, and so resolved to make the best of the matter. Ronald Edgerton walked briskly in the direction of the city for half a mile, when he came upon a horse tied to a tree. He quickly unhitched the animal, and leaping into the saddle trotted swiftly away. It was getting dark, and he spurred his horse onward, looking anxiously at every object he pasted, Soon his eye brightened, for he caught sight of a familiar figure hurrying in the same direction with himself. He now slackened his speed, in order to keep the figure in view, but did not follow so closely as to be himself discovered. They entered the city; and he rode nearer to Boss Moulton, for she it was whom he was watching.' She had walked swiftly after fleeing from his brother's grounds, in order to gain her lodgings he fore night came on but her now lagging gait told that she was footsore and weary. Once she stopped and leaned against a lamp-post, but heaving a faint sigh, she soon started on again. She had not proceeded far before, uttering a deep cry, she Tell stumbling upon the rough pavement. Quick as thought the horseman sprang to the ground, and before other assistance was offered, he had tenderly raised her in his arms. He bent an an anxious look upon her face, and placed his hand upon her heart, She had only fainted from weariness ยก and hastily calling a cab he placed her within, and giving the name and number of the street to which he wished to be driven, he then followed. Seating himself, he took the insensible woman's head in his lap, smoothed back with a gentle hand the heavy masses of her tangled hair and once he heaved a long, quivering sigh, and murmured, poor Rose," But this weakness soon passed, and be began searching earnestly for the hidden treasure. Not many moments passed ere he held it in his hand, He thrust it within his own bosom, and then hastily rolling the fifty-dollar note which he had received from the squire in a piece of paper, be put it in the stolen brooch. He had barely completed these operations when the carriage stopped. Quickly gathering the woman, who was beginning now to revive in his arms, he bore her into the house before which they had stopped, and left her in the care of the kind hearted landlady. The next day Edgerton, completely transformed by rich and handsome apparel, looking what he was in reality every inch a gentleman entered one of the first jeweller's establishment in the city, and ordered a brooch to be made exactly like the one he had with him, When it was completed he took the two to an artist, had the pictures copied and the copies put into the new one, and in just one week from the day on which he made the bargain with the squire, he was back again to report his success. I j It was evening when he arrived, and held T into the library where the old man was cut; It was a damp, chilly evening, and the glowing fire in the grate, which rendered the cheerful and inviting. " Well, squire," remarked Edgerton, on entering, "you see taking a feller on trust ain't so bad after all. Here I am back again, and with the plunder safe and sound in my pocket I" "Really, Mr. Edgerton, I am surprised that you should have been so expeditious," replied Squire Moulton, a flash of joy lighting up his wrinkled face. " Where are they ?" he continued, eagerly. " Here," replied Edgerton, and handed him the brooch which he had had made. He took it, and opening each lid, convinced himself that they were really the pictures of the faces he wished to possess, then shutting them with a snip, be uttered an oath and cast them into the blazing grate. " Zounds !" exclaimed his ally, springing from his chair as if to save the doomed jewel; then drawing in a deep breath, he sank back again, inwardly congratulating himself that it was only the copy, and not the original, " There !" said Squire Moulton, with an evil smile, " Those infernal pictures will never trouble anybody again." "That is true, sir," replied Edgerton, returning the smile tenfold, and speaking with marked emphasis, " Now," he continued, if you'll hand over the cash, squire, I'll go." On but you have not told me how you gained possession of the brooch yet " " Well," laughed the other, "I was not aware it was in the bargain for me to reveal all my sleight of hand performances, though it was easy enough done. You see I had my eye on the woman, and one day she fainted in the street, and I very humanely went to her assistance ; a little manoeuvering and the thing was mine." . " Where does she live ?" asked the squire, scowling darkly. " Couldn't say just now, squire ; but perhaps I can find out," replied Edgerton, with a sly glance at the dark face before him, " Well, at all events, you have earned your hundred dollars easily enough." He handed him the other fifty as he spoke. "Just keep your eye open, and report occasionally' and you shall be well paid for it." " All right and now I will say good evening to you, sir. It is some distance back to the city, and it is getting late." Ronald Edgerton passed out into the night, leaving Squire Moulton to indulge in more pleasing reflections than he had enjoyed for many a day. " Ah !"' muttered Edgerton, '* you little know, my worthy squire, with whom your are dealing, I shall! study this game pretty thoroughly. Your instinct is finer than your honor, you feel for you did not like to trust me; but you were in rather a tight place and I warn you, look to it, that some day you are not in a tighter one." CHAPTER IX CONPIDENOB, Six years I How much significance those two short words contain ! Tt- how many souls they have brought joy and sorrow, weal and won some lifted to the highest pinnacle of happiness, while others are driven to the deepest depths of despair ! Hearts so gay and happy six years ago, now crushed with their weight of trials and care. Bright eyes have wept away their lustre over hopes that were born but to wither and die. The cankerous worm, sorrow, gnawing at once happy hearts, has Ed the once rounded cheek of its bloom and beauty, leaving in their place deep lines of pain and suffering which time can never remove, Borrow I sorrow! The earth is full of sorrow Yet a happy few there are who move on in the even tenor of their way, growing each year more beautiful and lovely, making the world glad, bright, and gay dispensing sunshine and joy along the pathway of their lives, giving and receiving a full measure of earth's choicest blessings love, joy, happiness We will have nothing to do, dear reader, with life's shady side just now. Our lines are cast in more pleasant places, and we will enter for awhile the charmed circle of the careless and free. Madame Alroyd's elegant up-town mansion was all one glittering blaze of light and beauty. Every pane of glass in the high and lofty windows was like a star, and every door-way and arch a con- stellation of stars ; while every room and hall was a floral temple, filling the air around with the richest perfume Guests, young, gay, and lovely, clad in their richest and most becoming robes, throng this modern palace, to pay their compliments, congratulations, and adieu to its fair young mistress and heiress, who on the morrow is to leave her native land to travel among scenes new and strange in the olden world. It is Dora Dupont's eighteenth birthday. As she stands in all her royal beauty at one end of the spacious drawing-room, clad in robes of glisten- ing white, and receiving her guests with faultless grace, one cannot marvel at the words and looks of admiration and homage that fall from the lips and eyes of that brilliant assemblage. Yes, it is Dora Dupont! That homely little squab," to use Mr. Ellerton's phraseology, bad spun up into a tall and graceful woman, beautiful as a dream, but in other respects the same laughing, happy Dora as of yore. The years had only added new graces, instead of robbing her of the old, There were the same sunny blue eyes, and golden brown h sir, only perhaps with a little deeper than in their bright depths and silken sheen. The same rosebud mouth and laughing dimples Her manners were as free and simple as when she ran skipping through the hall of the little white cottage to meet Robert Ellerton on that bright, fine morning, six years ago. No amount of city polishing could rob her of her freshness, and this alone added tenfold to her charms. But how came she here surrounded by so much wealth and magnificence P Ah Death had again breathed his icy breath upon her home, and laid low her fond and tender mother, But not to leave her friendless and alone, as she feared, for before her grief had had time to save her heart, she was again surrounded by an atmosphere of tenderest love and care. Ere she could realize to the full extent her great loss, she was plunged into the lap of luxury, and into the arms of a doting, lonely old woman. The years passed quickly away after Robert Eller- ton's departure for Germany, despite the loneliness and dreariness which Brighter at first thought would follow. Then her mother suddenly sickened and died, and the poor girl thought she was desolate indeed alone in a cold and heartless world But the great Giver of Good did not so will it that this bright bird, so full of promise, should wither and droop before its bloom, One day an elegant barouche stopped before the little white cottage, and a woman, attired to the extent of fashion, stepped to the ground and entered. It was Mrs, Dupont's maiden aunt, who had cast her off when she displeased her by marrying the poor doctor. She was sixty years of age, but looked scarce fifty. i -sheeny a time her heart had been lonely and sick for the want of a little love; many a time her conscience had whispered that she had done wrong in forsaking her own flesh and blood ; but pride would not let her yield, until her once darling and favorite was laid cold and silent beneath the sod. Then, in her grief and remorse, she pounced down upon poor, terrified little Dora, and carried across, to love, pet, and spoil her, if she could, and to make a lady of her. Everything that heart could wish was now here, and she reigned a very queen over a household of servants, and in the heart of Madame Akroyd, and despite the shadows that had clouded her young life) she grew happy as a bird, and bright and winsome as the day, Her education was now completed, and for the past few months she had reigned as a beauty and a belief in the first circles of New York. But Dora had not forgotten her childhood, nor her boy husband I Ob, do! Even now his picture lay against her throbbing heart, and not a day passed but that it was taken from its hiding-place, and pressed tenderly and passionately to her ripe, beautiful lips. t But it was her secret.' She had never dared to tell her aunt of that episode in her life, fearing that the sacredness with which she regarded it would be laughed to scorn. And so the years came and went, until she arrived at young lady hood, and suitors by the score flocked around the wealthy beauty, seeking in vain for a favorable response to their vows of eternal love and fidelity. All met with the same firm, yet gentle reply, and went away disappointed, yet loving the more. Two young men had lately appeared in society, who seemed more favored than the others had been, and report said that one of these two would receive the prize. Which-all were waiting eagerly to learn. One was a young German, highly educated and re -fused, handsome and wealthy, He had recently graduated at a celebrated seminary in his native country, and was now making a tour of the united His name was Fredrick Welmher. The other was Ralph Moulton I Both hovered near Dora now, waiting anxiously to be favored with a smile or a word. A band of musicians, concealed by a floral screen, suddenly struck up their inspiriting music, and both these young gentlemen stepped quickly forward to secure her hand for the dance. Fredrich Weimher being first secured the prize, and led her away, leaving Ralph Moulton standing alone, angrily gnawing his lips, and frowning darkly. Graceful as a willow was our heroine, and as gracefully Mr. Weimher bore her through the mazes of the dance, and then led her away to get a breath of fresh air. Sweeping aside some heavy curtains, they stepped through a low window, out upon a balcony, and were bidden from view of the guests within the drawing room. Miss Dora, said Fredrich Weimher,gayly, "I have not yet offered you my congratulations. Permit me to do so now !" "I thank you, my friend, for I believe you sincere. Which can be said of but very few out of the many who are here to-night," " All seem happy, nevertheless," he replied, " Yes," replied Dora, half regretfully. " And I am happy, while at the same time I am sad. I long to visit the old world, and yet it makes me almost homesick to leave my native land, though I have not many kindred ties to bind me here," " Your friends will miss you sadly, Miss Dupont," "Thank you again, Mr. Weimher, and I may reckon you among them, I trust," she replied, smiling archly up at him. "A friend ! Oh, Dora, pardon me, but I can be still no longer, I brought you out here to speak my farewell, for I could not say it when others were looking coldly on and does not your heart tell you that I had more than a formal farewell to aayP Does it not tell you that I am more than a friend P It is a cold word to apply to me who loves you as deeply as I do, Do not hide your face, my darling, but give, oh, give me the love I crave." He would have taken her hand, but she held it from him, while a look of pain swept over her fair face, " Oh, Dora," he went on, while a shade of keen disappointment clouded his eyes, " have you not seen how dear you have become to me, how I have fed and lived upon your look and smile ? Has your heart no word of welcome for me. You do not answer. Oh, my love, my love-do not send me from you, I pray ; give me what I ask, else my heart will break." " Fredrich," she began, and then hesitated, " Ah, darling, thank you for uttering that one word. Bless you. Yon will give yourself to me you are mine?" He passed his arm around her waist, and drawing her tenderly toward him, bent a look of eager love upon her fair face. But she quietly disengaged herself from his embrace, and though the tears were in her lovely eyes, and her voice trembled with every word she uttered there was a quiet firmness in her manner that crushed every atom of hope in his breast, " Mr. Weimher, I am pained beyond measure at your words, for they make me feel as if I had de- ceived you with false hopes ; but what you ask can never be I" She paused a moment, then went on, sadly : "I have loved you-say, hear meanness added, quickly, as he flashed a look of joy at her-" I have respected you as a friend, and loved you BE I would a brother, but I never dreamed you cherished a deeper feeling for me. I thought Miss Nettie Allen had your heart's best and deepest devotion I" " Ob, Dora, my lost love, I cannot bear this," be groaned, , " Yes, my friend, you must bear it, though it pains me to say it, I have always treated you openly and frankly, have I not?" a Yes, button, cruel fate ; I had so hoped there might be something deeper beneath," " Forgive me, Fredrich, if I have unintentionally misled you. But I can never give you more than a sister's affection, and that you shall have." " But, Dora, I will give you time, and perhaps you can learn to love me as something nearer. Oh, if you will try," pleaded the disappointed man. " My poor friend, it can never, never be. It is an utter impossibility !" she replied, weeping bitterly. After a few moments spent in deep thought she continued : "Listen, Mr. Weimher, and I will tell you a secret, No one knows it. It is a story of the past, and tell it to you to prove to you how hopeless it is for you to love me. My friend, I may trust you P You will not betray me P" " Can you ask P You have but to command me, and I obey, even to the yielding up of life itself." She sighed deeply. It pained her to know of such rare devotion, when she had nothing to give in return. Bending toward him she whispered: I love another. I am already married " Good heavens;" he exclaimed, leaning trembling and aghast against the railing of the balcony. "It is even so," she returned, sadly. "But I doubt if I should even know my own husband should I meet him now," She then related to him the story of her youthful marriage, with which the reader is already acquainted ; while Fredrich Weimher, listened, spell-bound, to the thrilling and startling events which had transpired to bind for life one so young, beautiful, and good. There was a look of hope in his eyes again when she had finished, and he said, eagerly : Dora, do you not know that that marriage ceremony can be set aside now if you so will it. If you will only give yourself to me, I will devote my life to your service until you are free." " Nay nay, my kind friend, you would but wreck my life then-" " The fates forbid I" he interrupted, fervently. " For," she went on, " I love Robbie Ellerton still, Strange though it may seem, when that evil-minded man made us man and wife, I gave myself wholly to him. My love has grown with the growth of years, and I feel that nought but death can ever break the link that binds us." "But, Dora, were you free forgive me, but I must know if by any chance death should set you free, would you give yourself to me ?" He bent over her, holding his very breath, and his heart beat almost to suffocation as he waited for her answer, for upon it depended his last and only hope. Fredrich-Mr. Weimher, I beg-I entreat you will not harbor such a thought for an instant, she said, wildly. " He will not die he shall not die. It can- not be that I have loved him all these long years for nought, It would shroud my life in a night of wild despair. No, he promised he would come and claim me, and I feel I know he will. Yes, I am Robert Ellerton's bride, and his alone will I be, whether it be a bride of life or of death," He buried his face in his hands, and she could see the bright tears trickling through his fingers and falling at his feet. The eight of his sorrow recalled her to herself. " Fredrich," she said, almost tenderly, " forgive me, but I must tell you the truth, and it is best you should know the worst at once. Go and seek some one fairer and more worthy your love than I, and from my heart I will say Heaven bless you. " Can you ask me to do that P can you bid my heart so soon forget its allegiance ?" "Ah! but you would bid mine forget its own, and come to you," she replied, smiling, He started at the reproof. " Forgive me," he said, repentantly ; " I am selfish in my sorrow. I accept my sentence, and will try to bear it patiently, and think myself blessed if I can but merit your friendship; and should you ever need a faithful friend, you have only to call upon Fredrich Weimher." " Thank you, I will," she said, frankly holding out her hand to him, while in her secret heart she honored him for his manly conduct. "And now," she added, " would you like to see my hero as he was then?" She drew the hidden locket from its resting place, touched the spring and held it up before him. He looked-started-looked again, Miss Dupont," he exclaimed, surely It cannot be but it must bear is one of the dearest friends I have Robert Ellerton ! strange I did not think before. Why, Dora, I know your boy husband-he and I have spent many an hour in hard study together though he is younger, and I graduated a year ago. He is a splendid fellow, and worthy even of your price-? leas love." She had listened in pale and silent amazement to his words, while she trembled in every nerve with joyous excitement, and now poured forth a perfect torrent of questions. And he gave her the whole story. When Robert Ellerton first entered the German institute he was a lonely, sorrowful boy, always pale and silent, but a perfect scholar, never knowing what the word failure meant. Fredrich Weimher, noble, kind-hearted, and tender, pitied the stranger so far from his native land, sought him out, and at once made friends with him. They were more like brothers than friends, and were scarcely ever separated until Fredrich graduated and started upon his American tour. . One thing alone Robert would never talk about, and that was his home affairs, Beaming quite sensitive if the subject was even mentioned. That, and that alone, was the only thing in which Fredrick did not share his confidence. "Heaven bless you Dora, my friend!" cried Weimher, BE he concluded his recital, and smiling quite brightly. " I can give you up with one pang less, now that I know you belong to my dearest friends " Oh, Fredrich Weimher," replied the delighted girl, " if I considered you my friend before, you are doubly so now. I only regret that I did not make a confidant of you sooner ; it might have saved you pain, and given me much happiness to hear directly from one who is so dear to me. But I leave on the morrow, and must say farewell to you now and return to my guests, or I shall be missed," He took the white-gloved hand she held out to him, and pressed it fervently, then gently drawing her toward him, he bent and respectfully kissed her fair upturned brow, saying : " Good-by, my friend-my slater. May old Neptune bear you safely on your journey, and perchance we may meet abroad, for I shall shortly return to my native country. God grant you may meet your own loved one, and that unalloyed happiness may ever be yours." He turned quickly from her and disappeared within, leaving her alone, happy, yet sorrowful, for his was too noble a heart to be rent with unrequited love. As Fredrich Weimher lifted the heavy curtains which concealed the balcony on which he and Dora had stood, and stepped within the drawing-room, a man moved quickly aside, scowling blackly upon him, yet with a certain air of triumph. But his evil gaze was thrown away, for its object passed on and soon left the mansion. (To be continued.) 