THE LUTHER CELEBRATION. TO THE EDITOR. Sir— I venture to ask for a few lines on the above topic, not in answer to 'Another English Churchman' who writes upon it, for there are some who answer themselves ? hut. as a member of the Church of England in Australia, I should like to ask what your correspondent means by the Protestant Episcopal Established Church of England, of which, by-the-way, he declares himself a member. You will observe that it is not only Church of England, but ' Established,' and not only Established but 'Episcopal,' not only these but 'Protestant.' For. my part I know no such Church as the Protestant Episcopal Established Church of England, and the only suggestion I can offer is that, weighed down to earth by its monstrous title, it has yielded up the ghost, ?while your correspondent^ having been asleep for the hist fifty years, is the only faithful remnant of a ' creed outworn.' As a mem ber oi the Church as aforesaid I am guided by the Book of Common Prayer, with which I fear your correspondent is not very well acquainted, inasmuch as it convicts him of redundancy of expression in using the term 'Episcopal' to qualify 'Church/' asit evi dently knows nothing of a Church that is not subject to Episcopal regimen. The same Book of Common Prayer does not recognise 'Established' as one of her appellatives, although _ it is possible that the sister Church in England may have been by law established. Other branches are to be found in almost every country under the universal sun, but neithet are they established. One strange term yet remains— it is 'Protestant.' What does your correspondent mean by nicknaming our venerable Church ? She does not so call her self in any of her formularies, but she does declare her belief in ' One holy Catholic and Apostolic Church.' How far anv of these terms are synonymous with Protestant perhaps your correspondent may tell us. As a witness and guardian of divine truth I trust the Church of which I am a member does 'protest' against that which is con trary to truth. But it seems to me that she is content to make affirmation of truth ; and just as a truthful man would scorn to support his bare word by any unnecessary protesta tion, so she leaves all her Prcte9tantiam to be taken for granted. Your correspon dent asks the Bishop of Adelaide and hia clergy, '* Has the sister Church here of the Anglican communion ceased to be Protes tant T' I suppose this is a conundrum that has strayed from the 'Riddler' column in the Observer to the correspondence column of the Bigktor. As a member of the Church of England in Australia I confess it ig beyond me.- Perhaps the Bishop, with his superior acumen and by the aid of bis Dean and Chapter, may be able to give the solution. I am, Sir, &c.;, HABITANSIN URBE. 