FilOM TIjE CAPITOL. [By the Goose.] No doubt all have read that thrilliiigly romantic story of tlie gaol ghost. That throws quite an additional light on the luminous gao! and penal establishments j enquiry. That must have come upon j Messrs. Chapman, Burgess, and others, j who liave been posing to .Parliament as knowiug all about such places, as a revelation. Why even Messrs. Swan, Atkins and Jones dont make reference to such a visitor. There is plenty about visiting justices and sheriffs overhauls, and wonderful statistical tables about gaol earnings and outlays, but the most interesting item iu the whole budget lias been left for the iiteless reporter. Probably at the new concern to be opened on the Bridgcwater road architectural precautions will be takeu to prevent such occurrences, and it may also be that gaol officials will be more wide awake, aud devote more time to real business, aud less to red tape reports. [ THE GAOL GHOST. ! ' 'Tis all round Quod, S 3'Yom every grating and post, I The warders all arc asked, | 'Oh i have you seen the Ghost?'' — Dr. Old's Night Thoughts. The innocents awoke from sleep, and saw a vision hoary, : His grizzled head a night cap on, his throat all red and gory ; Trembliuy was 13et, and S .1 aghast, between the blankets lettered, Wheu cainc the ghost quite near them both, they thought his legs were fettered. He came upon them all alone, iu the dread still hour of night, And both the poor dear little girls, were in a | dreadful fl ight ; He stared at liet, he winked at Sal ; their hearts were in a flutter, But steadily he went right on, aud not a word did utter. Bet held her breath, and Sal quite still, in a low voice did mutter, ' W hat now if that there ghostly chap should steal our bread and butter V1' Tbey got more brave, aud watched him through the blankets worn and holey, And saw the thing they'd thought a ghost, munching their roley-poley ! And when he thought he'd had enough, and could'ut swallow more, He just looked round aud disapj)eared right through a floor trap-door ; The girls, as were iu duly bound, told A ? s all the story, Wheu next through wards he came his rounds — tbe ghost — his neck all gory. Then Gov'nor A ? he laid his plans with military caution. Sayslie to Senior 'Warder B. — 'This here will be your portion, Ou armory shelf No. 2 you'll fiud a weapon ' aucieut, Take it, and find ont what this means ; be brave, steady, and patient.' Brave Warder B. was nothing loth, the girls were both quite chatty, j They told him all the naked truth, for he was: nice and natty ; So Warder B. feared not a ghost, and bravely did liis duty. Bet was not a pretty girl, but Sal was quite a beauty ! The warder, like a knight of old, was pleaded to serve the ladies, No matter whether single girls, or being blessed with babies ; On guard lie stood the whole long night until the early morning, When creak went boards about the floor — surely a note of warning. And then, behold, the ghost came through the ancieut rotten flooring, Tlie girls by then had gone to sleep, aud Bet was loudly snoring ; Then Warder B. came to the charge, threatened. the ghostwithripping-, ' Why bless you,'Baysthis,dreadfol ghost, ' I wants more bread and dripping.' So this gaol is a pretty gaol, where ghosts can go a walking, And come through floors, and march about, and ,to the girls get talking. Theie's not a word in the S/eport, about such little capers, Most likely that 'twas by a fluke it got into the papers. Qua-qccake-quauke. When is that meat tax discussion to come on '? And are town and suburban people assured that their members mean to vote straight, that is, for the free introduction of food to this poverty stricken meat country ? Put it in a nutshell. Graziers here won't grow, enough to feed the people. Meat lias to. be imported. Why should it be taxed That is, why should we be taxed ? Why, - to grease the fat sow. ' But the General Companies Act allowed men to speculate on their credit, a practice that was ruinous in its effects.' When did that particularly moral code come into force ? And is it now in force in other ventures besides mining? Do merchants, storekeepers, auctioneers, and odds and ends of people iu business of eveiy description, carry on according to that dictum f It seems to me that they don-t. Are there no consignments re | ceived by people in trade ! Are there no acceptances iiyiiig uuuut : .axe Lueie liu overdrafts? What is trade speculation but a lottery ? Are there no bills of sale '! Every person, dear sir, is not a Croesus, like some people, and ali people have not inherited money, or had it given them. They have 10 make it, aud it seems to me that making money by credit in a mining spec, is not one atom more disreputable than many ancient ways of making it. Dou't let us be absurd. Honestly, if thou can'st, but make money. So said the Quaker. 'Oh, ma,' said a four-year-old, look ing at a prominent ' Australasian' advertisement, 'what's that man doing with a little bucket on his nose ?' ' Dear child, don't ask me such ridiculous ques tions. You ought to tell your pa to get one, for I am sure his nose wants hiding.' ! The old boy wears carbuncles on his I prominency. The Governor's allowance has at last been decently settled. Time it was. No man fit for the position could have been expected to put up for very long with the yearly annoyance of having his household afiairs canvassed. Wonder if His Excel lency is allowed to take private paying business, like some other illustrious people ? How is this for Lindley Murray ? — 'Government should insist on the Corporation putting the same into a proper state of repair, and failing the same, should resume immediate possession of the same.' Carried as amended. There is a good deal of sameness about it, whatever the meaning may be. The New Zealand papers tell us that Messrs. Gellibrand and Smith's rabbit catcliing and dummying landselectors have been pronounced by a -Parliamentary committee to be shams ; and being shams, they shall not have the land. Evidently the New Zealand people don't mean to haveall their land gobbled up as Tasmania's has been. Colonials give the belt to Hobart for blind, halt and lame. Well they may. They are not jealous on that head; and have no objection to be candid. That brings one to reflect 011 some peculiar sights one meets. Here is a tall old militai-y looking man, head well up, basket on arm, feeling liis way quite con fidently with his stick, aud his faithful doe loose at his heels. 'Fine cookimr apples, fine large apples, four a penny,' the brave old chap calls out. He is stone blind, aud 110 impostor. And when any one comes to make enquiries this plucky old fellow lias a wife nearly eighty years of age, ill in bed, no one to attend up on her but himself, and lie bravely does it, cook ing and all, and not one surrounding atom can he see. That is what 1 term a real case for charity, and assistance by those better off. A great fuss is made over the Right Hon. H. Fawcett, Postmaster General, carrying on his department, although blind. Compare the cases for an instant. Our public institutions must be in a pretty pickle, could the truth only be got at. Here's a prisoner doing the ghost iu Campbell-street gaol ; something up in the New Norfolk mad-house ; every now and then some mystery at the hospital ; the contracts ill the Lands and Works 2000 in arrears ; an alderman in office and doing municipal business for months, who all the time was legally disqualified ; ilmvt l..t 11a art fm- tliftv NnW. 'NV.tUI'C IS going to iake an innings. Perhaps she will settle the matter of shaking down some of ihe old nests. Ahem '. That is rather a peculiar deci sion of their Honors in Sydney. Hope they won't get me up for remarking it. The Press no more liberty than anj' oder man ! I fancy, but I may be wrong, that the venerable big wigs have got into a sandfly bed. It is Fairfax this time, not the Bulletin. 