The Advertiser. MONDAY, JANUARY 1, 1883. Even in this novelty-seeking world of ours there are a few things which have come to be regarded as perennially pathetic, and the close of one year and the advent of its successor may fairly claim to be numbered among these. The most obdurate opponent of sentimentalum must acknowledge there is something about passing another mile-post in life's journey that compels to solemnizing thought, and has an altogether softening influence. There is too much of mystery surrounding the whole question of time and its duration to suffer men ever to deal with it in the matter of fact way in which they treat subjects entirely within their comprehension. Addison'a allegory of life as a bridge of seventy arches spanning a swiftly flowing stream, and covered by a deep cloud at each end, puts very forcibly what we do and do not know of human existence. And remem bering the temptations to ultra-ma terialism which beset mankind on every side, it is well to preserve all that appeals to the finer side of our nature and yet "?? secured a hold upon the popular senti ment. But the lessons from the death and birth of the years are by no means restricted to purely subjective influences. A great deal that is eminently practi cal connects itself with the annual noting of the flight of time. For as the merchant requires regularly to balance his accounts in order to find out his exact busi ness position, so weallneed asortofmental and moral stocktaking at stated intervals, if life is to be anything higher than a mere ff.niinst.l existence. In the hurry and tur moil of the days the demands of the then present completely consume both our hours and our energies, and thus no op portunity arises for reviewing the onward march of our individual history. But as the tale of the year draws to its end, in voluntarily we fall into the reflective mood. The general bearing either for good or ill of the animal cycle rises before the mental vision; its momentous events, if any, recur with all their associations, possibly half- forgotten from the crowding-in o c succeeding incidents; and in the retro apect we are able to assess occurrences at a much truer value than was given to them at the time when they came upon us. Then it is that the psychological balancing takcs'place. When reperusing the recorded pages of our lives the various points of strength and weakness in our character must come prominently to the front, and only very silly folk neglect to at least note the lesson which is thus forced upon them. Our natural reserve, not to say self consciousnes?, may lead us to try and keep a calm surface -while the depths are stirred up within ; but it is worse than folly to refuse to listen when the associations of the hour bid us strive to understand ourselves. Even upon simply politic grounds the wise man will,' as he turns the pages of his mental ledger at the year's end, observe where he has writ himself down an ass, and make the test nse of his foolishness by marking it as a beacon for future guidance in the chart of life. The Laureate has put into the mouth of SaDas the avowal— "Self-reverence, self-knowledge, self-control. These three alone lead life to sovereign power"— and there can be little question that deep wisdom is crystallised in the couplet. But if the utilitarian ele ment were altogether wanting in the traditional practice of making a pause when the twelve months have run their measured course, the custom has still something to say for itself. Might not the close of the year be not inaptly called the f?rtn?l commemoration time of memory ? And having in mind all the delights wliich come to us from our capacity to live to some extent in the past, who would not hail a season when recollections arc revived with peculiar force? Men of striking individuality with whom we have been thrown tem porarily into contact; books which threw new light into our minds; scenes connecting themselves with crises in our experiences; who does not love to recall these things and drink again at the fount of pleasure of which they are the spring. It must ltave been under some such spell Uiat Matthew Arnold wrote : — "Ah, too true! Times' current strong Leaves us joined to nothing long. Yet. if little stays with man. Ah, retain we all we can. If the dear impression dies, Ah, the dim remembrance prize." It is in this direction, too, that the last of * year may be the point from which we stretch far beyond a mere twelve months' retrospect into tunes long covered by the dust of days, but to which remembrance gives tenderest pathos. But while retrospect i veandcvratemplative influences are ujxjn us naturally we go outside of ourselves, aud mark the cliaracteristics of the special phase of human development wliich now surrounds us. Indoing so there may be a good deal to be learnt. The temptation is so strong to give pre-eminence to our own age that the peculiar strength of the several genera tions past is disregarded, and hence we lose the solid advantage that always flows from the right use of the comparative faculty ; and when the history of these days is written, there will assuredly be a good deal that is nonsensical and unworthy in the record. Is it not becoming an almost amusing fashion to take ideal and Utopian views of things. Does not the marvellous growth of so-called resthetio . tasto only emphasise the generally exag gerated and visionary tendencies of the time? The old manly way of patiently doing one's duty without distracting the mind by high-flown theories and aims, seems in danger of being unanimously voted prosy. Unless a man has some new gospel to proclaim, his contemporaries appear to have no attention to bestow upon him or word of praise for his old fashioned earnest Labor, no matter how permanently beneficial may ba its results. If this be indeed the direction in which the tide of life is moving with us, it is worth while to ask whether such a con dition of things is not in some degree spurious. As individuals, and in our cor porate relation as units of a generation, the end of a year has its message for us. By giving heed to it we shall be better able to bear ourselves bravely in the fresh possibilities of action wliich the New Year will undoubtedly bring. SurEKSATLiiAL occurrences, or what are bo termed, have for a long time ceased to excite any vciy active interest in scientific circles, or at least speculation on the sub ject has not given rise lately to any very violent controversy. With the exception of those professionally interested in keep, ing the subject well in view, people have generally found it convenient to retire from a study which can have no practical bearing on every-day life and interests. Mo?t people have come to the conclusion that discussion on the subject at its pre sent stage is futile, but the report of a society which has recently been established in England, and which has acquired an extensive fame, is worthy of notice if only on account of the historical associations which it involves. The object of the society, that has been established under the auspices of very eminent persons, is to " thoroughly investigate and report on all supernatural manifestations, un accountable appearances, and events which can be vouched for by living persons." As a rule, people are apt to regard such organisations with some degree of suspicion, and to treat their re sults with indifference, but the promoters of the Society for Psychical Research come before the world with exception ally good credentials for their fit ness for the task they have under taken. They number among them such men as' Mr. Walter Coffin, Mr. Balfour Stuart, F.R.S., Mr. W. F. Barrett, F.R.S.E., Mr. Frank Podmore ; and Mr. Henry Sidgwick, the distinguished writer on philosophy, is presi dent. It is impossible to speak lightly of the view Eof men of such acknowledged ability and probity, but their first report, which has just been published, it must be admitted does not go far to remore the doubts of those who cannot be convinced on any but personal experience. This may be partly due to the plan adopted by Che society, which is to publish, a heterogeneous and confusing mass of "first hand evidence bearing on unex plained disturbances in places supposed to be haunted, apparitions at the moment of death or otherwise, and of other abnor mal events hard to classify at present." This want of classification will be the greatest deterrent to the acceptation of the report by those who, apart from what it contains, favor the idea of having one thing discussed at a time. The divisions of psychical research as at present understood by the society are first to examine the "nature and extent of the influence which one mind may exert onanother, apart from any recognised mode of perception." This branch is termed ''thought-reading"—a phrase about which everybody is by this time familiar, and the first publication of the society is mainly devoted to evidence bearing on this point. And the society may justly chum, so fftr at least as the enumeration of cases is con cerned, that the evidence in favor of thought-reading is very strong. Few, however, will agree that objectors " must either look on the phenomena as inex plicable, or accuse the investigators either of lying or cheating, or of a blindness or f orgetf ulness incompatible with any intel lectual condition except idiocy." Persons who are unconvinced reasonably assign room for coincidence or collusion, and do not deem enquirers idiots if they fail to accurately follow every step of an investigation. The second branch of the society's studies is "hypnotism, clair voyance, and other allied phenomena." Then follow investigations of table turn ing, unaccountable appearances, haunted houses. &c.; The first thing which will strike one, apart from the magnitude of the under taking involved in a thorough and ex haustive psychical enquiry is the question how the society can admit " world-wide evidence" consistently with the resolu tion of admitting evidence only at first hand. For it is noticeable that incidents which occurred at a place as remote from the scene of enquiry as Australia are ad mitted, and among them the famous Fisher's ghost story. America, however, furnishes but few cases, whiah is ac counted for by the severe restrictions tacitly placed on the admission of evi dence from a land where the manufacture of spiritual manifestation is pursued with such vigor. The society, indeed, espe cially recognises the "amazing amount of imposture practised by professional mediums." The case of Dr. Slade will readily occur, and the cases of a good many other profes sionals who have acquired notoriety by fraudulent practices. One of the principal rules of the society is never to have dealings with a person once dis credited ; but as there are many motives for trickery apart from fraud, Borne indeed quite innocent in conception, it would be unwise to place implicit con fidence in phenomena even where "no ordinary motives to fraud, at any rate no pecuniary motives, can come." A diseased state of the nerves might supply the ex planation of much of the so- called phenomena, while even where we cannot find out the ordinary causes of strange Bounds or appearances it must be remem bered that any appearance testified to by only one person might simply prove nothing beyond the fact that the brain of the seer conjured up the vision. When subsequently the same apparition ap peared to a second, third, or fourth person, it might still be regarded as "subjective"—that is, existing only in the mind's eye of each observer, infected by the accounts he has heard. As to visions appearing at dead of night to mothers, wives, or sisters, that is certainly not an unaccountable phe nomenon. To dream of those who are in special peril or far away is so common as to excite no remark ; and when such noc turnal experiences are reckoned by the million, and unexpected deaths are counted by the thousand, the fact that sometimes there should be a coincidence of date is hardly surprising. Many of the cases re corded in the present report might fairly be explained on this ground.. The process by which the investigators purpose to separate any scientific truth of importance lurking at the bottom of the so-called spiritual phenomena from the humbug with which it must always be en cumbered, is [[hot yet explained. At present it seems as if they have no alter native but simply to record the phe nomenon, and this has been done times out of number by the spiritualists. For this reason, as the Times remarks, "the society of which Mr. Sidgwick is president may do a great deal of mischief, but seems destined beforehand to be impotent for good." Yet honeycombed aa modern spiritualism is with such impos ture, there are men eminent in literature and science who, after long and careful in vestigation, have declared that there is a new force unknown to science behind ?ome of the manifestations. Mr. Alfred Unwell Wallace is not only a great ex plorer and a brilliant writer, but as a scientific investigator holds the foremost place since Darwin's decease. Mi*. Orookea and Professor Zollner are men of science withhighreputations. Without mentioning others, these three had everything to lose and nothing to gain by expressing their belief in any reality behind modern spiritualism, andin doing so they confronted a vast mass of scientific prepossession and social incredulity. Had they declared that after years of investigation they had discovered that all was fake their testi mony would have been accepted by the world as conclusive. That such men should have been "perverted" to even a partial belief in what the majority regard as simple imposture is in itself a curious phenomenon of the day. It may be that sooner or later science will unveil these mysteries dealing: with the mind of man, and lay bare the origin of all such im pressions and beliefs. Whether the re searches of the Psychical Society will advance any step in this direction is un certain, but it cannot be doubted that the records of such investigations have in themselves a distinctive social and historical interest. The approximate statement of the revenue of the Government of South Australia for the quarter ended 31st December has been made up and is not of a particularly satis factory character, the receipts being more than £50,000 less than those of the pre ceding quarter, notwithstanding increases of between £8,000 and £9,000 in railway receipts, over £7,000 from waterworks, nearly £5,000 in the shape of interest and exchange, and upwards of £3,000 from education fees. There is a falling off of nearly £20,000 in land sales and clow upon £10,000 in Customs receipts. The decrease of about £32,000 in receipt* from rents, licences, and Crown hinds may be accounted for by the dates of the heaviest payments not falling in this quarter. The revenue for the year 1882-3 was estimated bjr the Treasurer on the 2nd October hist at £2,190,431 13s. 4d. The September quarter's receipts were £525,380 Is. 3d., or £22,227 17s. sd. less than a fourth of the estimate for the yjear. The revenue for the quarter just ended was £473,110 Is. 10d. f being £74,497 lGs. 10d. below a fourth of the year's estimate. The six months' receipts fall short by upwards of £96,000 of half the estimate for the t?^, < ? months. It must be remembered, how ever, that the railway receipts for ta-j next quarter are likely to be very lar^. as the bulk of the wheat has yet to bs carried. Whether the Treasurer's esti mate for the year will be reached must depend upon land sales, ?:he working of the Land Act of 'act session, and the effect of the present harvest upon the condition of the farmers. The hind system and the laud sales will vitally affect our financial arrangements and borrowing policy. If our receipts from this source fall off expenditure in certain quarters must be curtailed, and the people's representatives will be convinced of the imprudence of casting upon the general revenue burdens that should be borne by property, and of sad dling the community with interest ok money borrowed for works that are not directly reproductive. The following are the returns for the quarter and the esti mates for the year, omitting shillings and pence : — To-day being New Tear's Day will be ob served as a public holiday. The New Teal's Meeting of die Adelaide Karang Club is to ba continued on the Old Comae, and will no doubt attract a large proportion of holiday makers. The Port aHbI?ja? regatta, for ?which an excellent programme baa been ar ranged, will also in all probability receive a great amount of patronage. On the oval a rn*ir-}t r which promises to be of a very inte resting character, will be played between a South Australian Cricketing Association Eleven and a Fifteen representing the Ade laide and Suburban Association. The new tramway to Loddeys is to be opened to-day, and the event will be com memorated at that place by the holding of a Catholic picnic on the grounds of Mr. EL M. Bagot. Sports are to be held at Brighton, and in the evening the Military Band will perform on the Institute balcony at denelg. During the day several muring excursions will take place, the South United Cricket Clnbmakuigatrip from the Semaphore to Edithburgh by the u Comrie, and the sj. Eleanor a trip to Glendg. The e.s. Dolphin will also go fromPort Adelaide to Edithburgh. In the evening the usual performances wQl be given at the Theatre Boyal and the Academy of Music, and at the Town Hall a grand benefit concert is to be tendered to Mr John Loughhead (on account of his pro tracted illness) by the musical profession of Adelaide. Elsewhere we publish a retrospect of the year which has just dosed. A considerable amount of information is given in a succinct form, and doubtless the description of the principal events of the year will prove of value for purposes of reference. A correspondent informs us that Bishop Short has presented the handsome pastoral staff, the gift of Anglican, churchmen, of *hi? diocese to his lordship some yean ago, to Bishop Kennion for the use of himself and his saocessors in the See of Adelaide. The Port Adelaide annual regatta will be held to-day on the Port river, and if the weather is fine throughout will probably be one of the most successful water festivals ever witnessed in the colony. In nearly all the events the entries are numerous and give promise of good contests. The programme is somewhat different from that of hut year, chiefly in the sailing races, which are arranged as far as possible to suit tiie craft which it is known can **3?> part. For the first-class sail ing race there are not such huge prizes as before, but it was known that most o£ the large yachts could not for various reasons enter, and had a race been pro posed with a high minimum tonnage fixed it would not have taken place. As it is the first-class sailing race is open to all ""<'"g vessels, there being of course ton nage allowance, and four boats have entered. The largest of these is Mr. T. King's Hm.^. which should easily win from the Minwiiit>f x Ada, and Philadelphia, the other entries, especially if there is a good breeze. In the race for third-class yachts the Gazelle . Leander, J>esiree, and Hydaapeshaveentered One of the two first- named will most likely win. If there is anything of a wind the Lewder will take it, otherwise the Gazelle will show up first. The usual little fleet o£ boats will compete in die "under IS feet overall" race, the entries being Rose, Idly. Plover, Gipsy, and Comet. Of these the Gipsy is the most likely to win. In the rowing events the principal is the champion race for a prise of £25. ITnfortuaately there are apparently only two boats in this—the Franklin, and P. A. F. C. The race is almost a certain victory for the former, some of the best oarsmen in the colony rowing in it la the in-rigged boat race there are three en tries, two of which are Adelaide boats. There are starting in the working men's nee. eight in the ship's gig race, three and two in the pair oared races respectively, and five in the dingy race. There is also a scull ing race, water tournament (a new feature), water polo event, canoe race. and the usual comic and misceUaneous1sports> The first sailing race starts at 10 o'clock, and the first rowing eventat 1LJ5. Mr. C. S. Leader, the eecretary of the South Australian Cricketing Afmorintann, has received a telegram from Mr. Caleb Peacock. who states that he has interviewed Mr. Beala, the agent of the Australian Eleven, Mr. Wardell, the secretary of the Melbourne Cricket Club, and the Hon. Ivo Bngh with. reference to the arrangement of a match to be played in Adelaide between the Australian and All England Elevens, and he regrets to say that UwiU not be possible for the matoh to come off. The visit of the All ?Wiy^ Eleven to Tasmania wQl prevent f\ rtnlainnana from seeing what would undoubtedly be ? xno&t; interesting contest. The long talked of match between the Aus tralian Eleven and the Hon. Ivo Bligh'sAU England Eleven was commenced in Mel bourne on Saturday. The telegrams which were received in Adelaide were awaited with impatience by a large number of cricketers, and when it became known that the Aus tralians bad been sent to bat by their oppo nents there was considerable excitement. As the news came through of the big stand made by the Australians universal pleasure was felt. At the close of the day's play there were seven wickets down for 258 runs, and it is evident that the contest will be a very close one. The nsual watchnight services were held m the various city and suburban churches last night Shortly before 11 o'clock the Town Hall bells began to chime oat dolefully for the departing year. An immense crowd gathered in front of the hall, and as the Post office clock struck the first notes of midnight there was tremendous cheering, which lasted until the hist stroke bad died away, ushering the new year in. A rumor was current on Sunday that a dar ing burglary bad been committed at the new Government offices, Victoria-square, either on Saturday night or Sunday morning. The police were unusually reticent in the matter, and we are therefore unable to give any par ticulars respecting it The A.B.C. Meeting on the Old Course on Saturday, December 30, was moderately attended, about two thousand persons being present In the absence of the usual specu lation and excitement induced by the tota lizator the proceedings were somewhat tame. There were five races on the card, and the Hurdles fell to Encounter, the Selling Raoe to Victoria, the Christmas Handicap to Land League, the Selling Steeplechase to Caaaa bianca, and the Old Year Handicap to Uproarious. In the Steeplechase the Duchess Heads of Receipt. Estimated Revenue for 1882-3. Quarter ended Oct. 8,1882. £ 050,000 £ 161.319 .. .. ?> ?rebate and succession I duties ifnrina 13.000 10.800 22,100 S,tU 2,701 r.iei Janne Sdncstion ?? ?. tents, licences, &c.; Crown lands _ lente, ordinazy.. icencee (business) .. Postages and teleerapbs Ines, fees, and for- feitures lales of Government 103.260 1,110 30,876 162,000 u.vn 281 IJBU 61,954 1S.03 property .* ? teixabuxsenients-in aid Miscellaneous .. nterest and exchange tail ways and tcamwaya Vaterworks uau 38,467 30,461 85.000 477.000 66,760 6,000 5I2£00 611 8.56S l.T? 11,661 118.178 1T.7BJ e? eafin .and sales .. .. ; I Total ! £2,190,431 £tn L iio feQL-and broke her ahoulderblade and vn ?bob Her jockey, McSorley, who received a severe concussion, was taken to the hospital. The weather in Gawier on Thursday, De" cember 2s, was hot in the extreme, a north wind blowing, frequently with violence, ac companied by clouds of dust, throughout the day. The day was regarded as a close holi day, nearly all the shops being shut, and the inhabitants, in spite of the weather, taking j ihemEelves away as f anoy led. A large and '^/numerous party of Gawier notabilia betook themselves to St. Kilda, and buggies were in requisition to carry others to their chosen places of resort. Scarcely an individual was ! to be seen in the streets. Towards evening a change in the wind occurred, and the scorchers were succeeded by a cooling ' breeze. On Friday the sky was covered with clouds, and in the afternoon occasional showers fell, the appearance of the weather proniisin? v he^vy downfall. The monOi?y meeting of the house com mittee was lief'd at the Children's Hospital, on Fiiday, December 29. The matron re ported tli at the average number of in patients during December had been 31; ad missions, 13; dischargee, 8; and 3 death*. The bouse accounts for the month were exatniaed and passed for payment, and the receipt of a large number of Christmas pre sents tliarkfatly acknowledged by the com mittee. The following is a list of the donors, vit;—Mirs Kesbitt, Mesdames C. Burke, , Crawford, Flint and family, Goyder's 1 chQdrec, R. Martin, A. S. Kepi, G. C. i Shierlaw. L Simmons and friends, B. Stuckey, Smith, Wboldridpe; Messrs. Beren Bros., A. Cunningham, Edgecom.be, Huddle- j ?tone, Kauffman & Co., Munton & Co., A. : Murray & Sons, C. Pitt, W. C. Bigby, and B, H. Wigg & Son. A large and an influential meeting was held at the VTarnertown Hotel on Wednesday evening, December 27, for the purpose of urging upon the Government the necessity of establishing a 'telegraph-offias in connec tion with the post-office and railway-station at that place. Mr. T. Davis was elected chair man. After a short and able speech by the chairman it was resolved to memorialise the Government on the matter. A committee was appointed for the purpose of drawing up a 'memorial and obtaining signatures, and an early date was fixed for the committee meet ing. In the course of the evening several speakers referred, stzocgly to the apparent neglect of the place on the part of the Go vernment. The fact of the railway Btation bfirg without either urinal or closet was leferrcd to, also the' circumstance that there is no weighbridge in-the railwajr yard, the latter having not only been promised but the ground actually surveyed eighteen months ago. After some further discussion the'meet ? ing dispersed. On Tuesday. December 26, a Christmas tree was provided for the inssatesof tte Home for Incurables through the liberality of a num ber of ladies and gentlemen, and the tree was loaded with presents for all the patients, and being nicely arranged was a very pretty sight. The collection and arrangement of the presents and the successful manage ment of the whole was the work of Mrs. and Miss Cox. who are always so ready to under take anything that can amuse or benefit the inmates. An evening's entertainment was arranged, the programme being divided into two parts, between which were the distribu tion of gifts. Several friends took part in the entertainment, which was very success ful. The performers were Miss Modie, Miss Martin, Bliss Fisher, Miss T. H. Clark, Mr. Martin, and Mr. Bowyear, and the choir of St. Augustine's, Unley, who sang four Christ, mas carols with much taste. The ?M??t?f were greatly pleased with their present* and with the entertainment, and are very grateful to all the kind friends who contributed to their enjoyment The Eastern Agency (London) in its cir cular of November 2, speaks unfavorably of the results to the Australian wine trade of the Bordeaux Exhibition. _ It says :—" The exhibition of Australian wines at Bordeaux ba* attracted much interest, but we fear will not be productive to any extent of satis factory or permanent business. It is true that medals nave been liberally given to the exhibitors of Australian wines, but these were given on their own merits, without their being placed in competition with wines of other countries ; and are looked upon as, in some measure, a return for the liberal treat ment received by the French exhibitors in j Melbourne and Sydney. Coming into com petition, as the Australian wines do, with j the low class wines from Spain, Turkey, Austria, and Greece, the price asked for 1 them is prohibitory, and, with TMrratiftrwl ex ?e|?'iou^, they are pronounced by judges to te bae'ly prepared- Until a good sound vice can be bud down at J5 to £6 per hogs- I I red in Bordeaux there is little chance of Ihe business assuming any important dimen \- ions." On Saturday, Korember 11 (writes the London Ouardtatt), a new play of the Laureate, entitled "The Promise of May," was produced at the Globe Theatre, in the presence of a brilliant house, which included the Premier. The principal character is a teacher of advanced principles, who seduces the daughter of a farmer and afterwards pro poses to marry her sister by way of making amends. Notwithstanding its manifest failure it was not removed from the stage, and on Tuesday night the Marquis of Queensbury, who occupied a seat in the stalls, rose and loudly protested against such a representa tion of free thought. At the next fall of the curtain Lord Queensbury again rose, and, announcing himself a professed free- thinker, once more accused Mr. Tennyson of present ing a travesty of the sentiments of the party to which he belonged. This unexpected in terruption created a considerable disturb ance, and, amid much confusion, during which the speaker was indistinctly heard, it was found necessary to urge the Marquis to leave the house. The quarterly meeting of the Gawier Wes leyan Circuit was held on Wednesday, De cember 27. The Bey. J. Nicholson occupied the chair, and there wa? a good attendance of members. The "a"?^ religious offices having been performed the report and balance-sheet for tnequarter were submitted and adopted. The report showed that there were 210 members on the roD, being an increase of SB members *^n*yftP ~ foA a Barter, besides 19 <^j??i*ii¥iiti^pg on *^p roll. The income for quarter was £8918s. 2d.; and file expenditure £89 10s. Id.; leaving a credit balance of Bs. Id. Mr. W. Dawkins was elected as. the lay representative to the Con ference. A vote of thanks was awarded to the circuit stewards for their efforts during the quarter, and Mr. C. H. Annek was elected junior circuit steward. The following officers were also appointed:—For Gawier Biver—Mr. J. Pedenck, toaety steward; Mr. B. Pedenck, poor steward. For Wil liamstown—Mr. G. Collins, society steward; Mr. J. T. James, poor steward. For One tree HOI—Mr. W. Kelly, society steward; and at the Lady Alice, Mr. F. Bowman, society fete ward. The JfarracoorU Herald, states that an accident happened on the Sarracoorte and Kingston line en Friday afternoon on the down trip from Xarracoorte to Kingston. Shortly after leaving Lucindaie a man named John Grey, employed on the Jacky White drainage workt, fell from the platform of the second-class carriage, and catching the steps was dragged seme distance, but was obliged to rebnquish'_jhi? hold, and fell to the ground. There were a large number of passengers on board, and great excite ment was raasf?j, everybody expecting that the nuw,?jwaa killed. The guard signalled tie encinedriver to stop, and lie passengers did alLthey could to attract atten tion, but the lisjniiiif not pull up till it got to Avenue, the next station. Mr. Baruh, Mr. Hall's manager at Avenue, was a pas senger, and had a conveyance waiting for him, and consequently drove off in search of the man, who was discovered to have escaped with a slight cut or two. Great surprise is expressed at the driver not noticing tie guardV signal. A special train with Mr. Martin, traffic manager, on board, arrived later on to make enquiries, but fip^^g that the man was uninjured it returned to Kingston. Begarding Califomian vineyards tie London GUAtt writes—"There has been an tortuous increase in the eize of vineyards in Caiforaia. Not loog ago a plantation of 200 mrex was regarded as a very large vineyard, hut now vineyards of 500 or 600 acres are to be frequently met with, and one of not less than 1,500 acres has just been planted near Los Angeles. It is the opinion of a practised agriculturist that in the course of three yean or so California will be able to boastof vine yards embracing 5,000 or 6,000 acres each. The total number of acres at present under vii c culture is estimated at about 100,000, all Of which will be bearing in four years' time, with a possible production of from 40 to 50 million gallons yearly. The price of vines at the vineyards varies according to quality of grapes and tie location of production. New wines are sold at 20 to 50 cents, a gallon for dry wines, red or white; sweet wines range from 56 to 76 cents, a gallon. The entire product of last year's vintage was 9,000,000 gallons, bat more than one-third was de stroyed through frosts. While tie outlook for next year's crop is very good, it is stated that last year's pnees for grapes will not be maintained, as the cellars of San Francisco are foil, end prices in the Atlantic States are too low to pay for transportation thither." We have received from Messrs. Wicksteed Bros, a copy of a circular forwarded to tiem 37 Messrs. Martin Dyce & Co., of Manila, ring an aijcountofa^phoon experienced at that pbieeaaO?tober2& The writer* state Out they went m the art mt srepanng their circular ppfte day & at* fjtow yhee Manfla was overtaken by one'of As wont typhoons Oat bar been known for very many years back. In the course of three hoars incal culable damage was dons. All lightly- built houses were levelled to the ground, and the better class of dwelling- houses and stores had their roofs blown off or more or less damaged. Tile roofs escaped best, bat that class of roofing is far less general than iron nowadays in Manila owing to danger from earthquakes. Thousands of persons were rendered homeless, eleven vessels were driven ashore, besides suffering considerable damage from collisions and in other ways, and dozens of cargo boats were destroyed and damaged. Heavy rains did much damage to the con tents of the unroofed- stores and dwellings. Business has been more or less suspended fince the storm, all hands being chiefly en gaged in saving effects and cargoes from the general wreck. The severity of the storm seems to have been chiefly confined to Manila and some of the surrounding provinces to the north-west. Ylorls, Ceba, and the principal hemp provinces seem to have'en tirely escaped the visitation. The sugar crops round Manila will suffer to some extent, but as extra large crops were expected the effect will probably be imperceptible as compared with the total exports of former years. Hemp production is not likely to be affected in any way, so that recent estimates are not altered. Cholera has almost entirely disappeared from Manila, but still prevails in various parts of the PhiUphines. The foundation-stone of St. Mary of the Angels Church, Thebarton, was laid by Bishop Reynolds (R.C.) on Sunday afternoon in the presence of a large number of spec tators. A procession was formed at the Mile-End road, and proceeded to the site of the church, which faces Fisher-terrace. The usual solemnities having been observed, bis lordship laid the stone, and blessed the four corners of the building. His lordship then delivered an exhortation from tie words, "Speak onto the children of Israel that they bring me an offering; of every man that giveth it willingly with his heart ye shall take my offering. And this is.the offering which ye shall take of them ; gold and silver and brass. ... And let them make me a sanctuary that I may dwell among them." — Exodus xxv., 2, 3, and 8. Having pointed out the numerous examples given in the Old Testament that He whom the Heaven of Heavens could not contain desired His people to erect tabernacles to His glory, hu lordship said that twenty* seven yean ago be had when entering on work in the district desired to see a temple built to God in Thebarton. At the begin ning of this year he had been afraid that bis hopes would not be realised for some time, but he was glad to know that they would shortly have a building where the children would be educated in the love and fear of God, and where they would be instructed as to what their duties to the commonwealth were. He looked upon the opening of their church that day as a crowning act of their history in 1882. Thirty years ago when he entered the diocese there were only ten Catholic churches and now there were seventy-five, and he was proud to know that in their erection not one shilling of State money had been employed. This was the only diocese in the Australian colonies which could say that. Over half a million of money bad been expended on their churches and tchools, and altogether ther had much to be tbankfal for. An appeal for subscriptions was liberally responded to, and the proceedings closed in the usual way. The building, which is to be used both as a church and schoolroom, will be 50 feet long by 28 feet wide, and 25 feet high. The front elevation will be 40 feet high. It is felt that the church wQI supply a want long felt in the locality, and it is hoped rti?j- ere long another building for church purposes only will be addedtothe structure. "The tendency of Governmental work in all departments seems to be," writes the Amttmltman, "to degenerate and sink into all kinds of faults and defects, till by some ra—mn ?i- ntiwr thg njitjnn nt tiiipg. jg ex nosed to public view, a strong **"—^ for re form is created, close attention ia brought to bear on the peccant department, and a high fetate of efficiency and good adminstration is called into existence—Cor a time. This ten dency seems natural, and so far as has yet been discovered public opinion is the only corrective. This, however, unhappily works intermittently, and requires a strong stimulus to set it in motion. Many such exposures of one department' and public institution after another in the colonies aad in England will occur to the recollec tions of most readers. In New Zealand the working of the prison department has of late been attracting a large share of this unde sired notice, and has occupied a position of unenviable prominence. The point to which attention has been chiefly directed is the large number of additional punishments which the gaol authorities have found it needful to inflict for breaches of gaol discip line and other ""??!'"? offences. Since the passing of the Prisons Act in 1573 there have been 220 persons who have had additional terms of imprisonment inflicted on them, varying from seven days to five years, and accompanied in most cases with hard labor, and in some with solitary confinement. There is great divergence shown in the proportion of tfrf^* pii¥iiwiinnffits. -at the different gaols. Thus the number of prisoners subjected to niMjtjjwn-J punishment is thus given:—At Dunedin, 183 ; Auckland, 18 ; Invercargill, 15; Addington, New Plymouth, and Wan ganni, 5 each; Lyttelton and Wellington, 5 each ; and at other places, 1 each. There in an equal range of disproportion in the scale gif rtn* pHn* aliftl*t"t inflirtfid an punishment to the offence. Among the more extxaordinary of the mum the following may be cited:—At Dunedin, 'one man is sen tenced for three days, with hard labor, for being drunk, and on successive charges of jrfipnwMi —which in all the returns is the most common offence —v kept in prison for over aii months. Another, imprisoned for larceny for one month, with hard labor, is, on suc cessive charges of idleness, condemned to re* main foroveroeven months,anddiesbeforethe last term of his detention expires.' It would be premature to attempt to pronounce any definite judgment on the administration thus dHHTfrM"*" But clearly the case is one of those periodical ones where the purifying influence of daylight and the corrective power of public opinion are required'to rectify administrative errors and excesses." The Sydney Uortung Htrald gives the fol lowing account of the attempt of Mr. H. I/Estnage, the "Australian Blondin," on Saturday, December 23, "to perform the ex traordinary feat of crossing Banbury Bay. Middle Harbour, with a bicycle on a tight rope":—"Early in the afternoon three or four steamers left the Circular Quay crowded with passengers anxious to witness Mr. I/Ks trangfcis display of 'unprecedented daring Ekill, pluck, and nerve.' After passing up Middle Harbour for several miles above the 'spit,' the ecene of the performance was reached, and the steamers' passengers landed on the rocks, and left to scramble up a hill as best they could. Between 4 and 5 o'clock there were probably about 600 or 700 people on the shores, besides the sightseer* carried by a number of yachts, pleasure boats, and private steam launches. It was anticipated that the tope-walking would hare taken place shortly after the arrival of the steamer*, but it was quite 6 o'clock before L'JSdttange ascended the platform to make a start on hi* perilous journey across the bay. The rope was of great length—about 120 fathoms w&b; certainly uot, more than 30 feet above the water. It was drawn taut by means of a wirjeb, and in unU-r to keep it from swaying a number of guys were carried out to boats on each side. Tii tide kept pulling against those on the other tide, feud by thai nieaus it was thought the rope would be kept steady. A few minutes after C o'clock I/Estrange mounted the bicycle, took his balancing pole, and made a start, moving slowly and cautiously. After going about 30 feet he made a momentary halt, then started again, and moved slowly until he had traversed a distance of something like ol) or GO feet. He then made another halt, and balanced T?i???i* with difficulty, while the rope commenced to sway a little. To an onlooker it appeared as though aome of the boats' crews, instead of steadying the rope, were teally pulling so unequally against each other that the rope swayed more than it would have done if there had been noguy? attached to it L'Estrange, however, man aged to keep his balance, and had proceeded a distance of something like 100 feet from the start, when he had to stop again. The sway, ing of the rope, althoughnot great, was easily noticeable to people on shore, and was quite sufficient to make the performer an&teady; on the bicycle. He tried vainly for several seconds to balance htm??if t and fimifpg he was falling made a kind of half- spring, and fell feet first into the water. Fortunately, the fall was not a high one, and he was able to swim the few yards necessary to enable him to reach a boat which promptly came to his assistance. He was taken ashore and at tended to, and a few minutes later the steamers started with their disappointed passengers on their return journey." More than a passing notice is due to the memoryjof the late Mr. D.Culley. Although landing in South Australia quite thirteen yean after the foundation of the colony, he must, in his own particular line, be regarded as a pioneer. He was near middle, life when he reached these shores, and, like many a good colonist, failing to find the means of sup porting a wife and family by his own trade, he turned his hand ably to sign writing, graining, and engraving. His ability to do Shis indicated the training and strong current of bis ideas, and that he possessed in a con siderable degree the art faculty. When in the development of the social life of Adelaide tJie time came that he could follow his own calling, he turned to it with seal and with greatsucceas. His carving and gilding work brought him into association with the fine arts, and lie retained to the last an innate fondness and keen appreciation of a bit of good work on canvas when he saw it. His attachment to the fine arts was evinced in many ways. He acted as hon. secretary to the London Art Union for a quarter of a century, and in a similar capacity for the Glasgow and Edinburgh art unions. As the annual prizes for the successful members of c tfaese unions came round, nothing gave the old gentleman more real pleasure than to tell one his opinion of the relative merits of the pictures on his walls. His opinions always leant more to au earnest sympathy with the work?, than to a labored fault-finding criticism. If there was any intrinsic merit in the picture, although otherwise faulty, it was a greater delight to him to point to the merit than theblemijtu Sis name will always be associated with the origin of tie South Australian Society of Arts, and it behoves the rising generatoin, who are now in tie enjoyment of oppor tunities of acquiring gifts in this direction, to remember kindly this old man, who with a few others strove to keep alive in past days a public acknowledgment of tie refining power of art, and who unquestionably has in no small degree aided in bringing about tie existence at this hour of a school of arts with two well-trained masters at its head. His life has not been an eventful one, but coming in contact with him for fifteen years we do not grudge tie meed of praise that his services to art in South Australia deserve. One of his last appearances out of doors, and while his fatal illness was yet upon him, was to attend a meeting of the Society of Arts, and state bis concurrence in thereportoftie?ub-committee,ofwhichhewas a member, appointed to arrange for a public exhibition under the auspices of the society. He may not have been known to very many, as his manner was most unobtrusive: but he kept on bis way steadily through life, a sober and industrious colonist, and with that innate love of art which lifted him at once out of tie ranks of tie ordinary run of tradesmen or even of ordinary citizenship. At the opening meeting of tie one hundred and twenty-ninth session of tie Society of Arts, held in London on November 15, Dr. C. W. Siemens, who presided, in his opening address said, with reference to electric light ing, that attention had been called to the great divergence in tie opinions expressed by scientific men regarding tie area that each lighting district should comprise, and the capital required to light such an area. These discrepancies did not necessarily imply wide differences in tie estimated cost o< each machine or electric light, inasmuch as such estimates were necessarily based upon various assumptions regarding the number of houses and of public buildings comprised in such a district, and the amount of light to be appor tioned to each, buthe maintained his preference for small districts. Byway of illustration, he took tie parish of St. James's adjoining. Its population was 29,863, it contains 3,018 inhabited houses, and its area is 781,000 square yards, or slightly above a quarter of a square mile. He did not, however, agree with those who expect that gas lighting would be entirely superseded, but had, on tie con trary, always maintained that the electric light, while possessing great and peculiar warehouses, ftc, owing to its brilliancy, and more particularly to its non-interference with the healthful condition of the atmosphere, would leave ample room for the development of tie former, which was susceptible of great improvement, and was likely to hold its own for tie ordinary Hgi??n E up of our streets and dwellings. He, therefore, would assume a certain proportion of the domestic lighting remaining to tlie gas companies. If the unoccupied area of Golden-square, represent uuc 2^iuO square yards, was excavated to a depth of 25 feet and then arched over so as to re-establish tie present ground leveL a suitable covered space would be provided for the boilers, engines, and dynamo machines, without ?—wring obstruction or public annoyance. The cost of such a chamber, of engine power, and of dynamo machines capable of converting that power into electric energy, he estimated at £140,000. The total cost of establishing conductors must be taken at £37,003, which brought up the total expenditure for central station and leads to £177,000. He assumed the con ductors to be placed underground. With this expenditure, the parish of St. James's could be supplied with the electric light to the extent of about 23 per cent, of the total illuminating power required. The total capital expenditure for supplying the metro polis with electric energy to the extent of 25 per cent, of the total lighting requirements would be—say i.14,000,000, without inrfnding lamps and internal fittings, and making au average capital expenditure of £100,000 per dis trict. ToextepdthVsamfi system overthetowns of Great Britain and Ireland would absorb a capital exceeding certainly £&LOOO.OOO;, to which must be added £16.000.000 for lamps and internal fittings, making a total capital expenditure of £&0.000,000. If, therefore, they saw electric mmpanirs apply for provi sional orders to supply electric energy, not only for every town throughout the country, but also for colonies, ana for foreign parts, they were forced to the conclusion that their ambition was somewhat in excess of their power of performance; and that no provi sional order should be granted except con ditionally on tho work bang executed within a reasonable time. Entering into a con sideration of the cost of the working charges of electric lighting, he showed the electric light by incandescence, when carried out on a large scale, was decidedly cheaper than gas lighting at present prices, and with the ordinary gas burners, although the cost of establishing lighting by electricity was more than the expense of establishing gas works. It would not, however, be safe to rely on these figures as representing a per manent state of things. The Military Band will perform at Glenelg this (Monday) evening. ' We are informed that all the shares in the Photographic Company have been apolied for. Messrs. Sands &. McDougall have for warded to us a copy of their pocket diary for tie current month. The prizes won at the Largs Bay regatta on Boxing Day were distributed at the Largs Pier Hotel on Saturday evening by Mr. Josiah Boothby (secretary of the Largs Bay Company) in the presence of a number of spectators. A champagne petit touper followed, and various toasts were hom>r???j. A match between eleven players of the South Australian Cricketing Association and fifteen of the Adelaide and Suburban Asso ciation was commenced on the Adelaide Oval on Saturday afte/noon. The juniors, who batted first, made si, and when stumps were drawn tie eleven had lost five wickets for 13S runs. There was only a small attendance. The ganve will be continued this morning at 11 O'clock. On Sunday evening Professor Simon de livered the tourth tit a aeries of lectures at the Albert., Hall, Pirie-ntreet. The subject for the evening was " What has tie Bible done for woman." The attendance was large, and the lecture thoroughly appreciated. At the clobe of the lecture several questions were put to and answered by Professor Simon on the subject of his discourse, and a hearty vote of thankw to the lecturer concluded the proceedings. There was a good attendance at the Theatre Boyal on Saturday night, when "Youth" was repeated, and Mr. George Bignold and Messrs. Biggs, Carey, and other members of the company were well ap plauded and called before the curtain. We underbtand that the receipts at the Boyal duiing tie week have been larger than during any other six days of the year, averaging coiibiuerably over £100 a night. It may be piecumed the attendance will diminish during the next hix (lays, but the success attending tLc reproduction of *' Youth" will probably encourage the management to keep it on tie boards until Saturday next. The performance given by the Lyons' Touriutb and Pleasure X arty at the Academy of Muue on Saturday, December 30, was exceptionally brilliant. The sparkling bur lesque, entitled "Thelsle of Beauty?' was well received by an appreciative audience. The scene of the piece is Cudin Persia, and all the surroundings are Persian. The character of King Cactus, tie monarch of the Isle of Beauty, was well sustained by Mr. J. S. Farron, whose vocal powers and acting are <£ an uncommon order. Miss Jessie Leon as Prince Kice-Pisi, son to tie king, was the' favorite of the evening. She played her part to perfection, and received tie highest encomiums at the hands of the auditory. Miss A. Lyons, as the wife of the grand vizier, and Miss Ethele Adele, as Sweet Petti, played their parts to the satisfaction of the audience, although Miss Adele wan Buffering from a somewhat severe cold which &poilt; the effect of her vocalisa tion. The Misses De tiay, as inutruinentaUata, won general applause. The "Isle of Beauty" will be repeated to-night, when, as it is the last night of the season, there will doubtless be a large house to witness an entertainment which, to say the least of it, is highly divert ing and well worthy of a visit. 