TALES AND SKETCHES. DONAL GRANT. BY GEORGE MACDONALD. Author op Alec I-'ohdes, Halcolw, &c.;, &c.; Chapter XII. — (Continued.? Tlio old avenue of beech-trees, leading im mediately now hither any more, but closed at . one end by a built-up gate, and at the other by a high wall, between which two points it stretched quite a mile, was a favorite resort of Donal's, partly for its beauty, pnrtly for its solitude. The arms of the great old trees meeting and crossing from the opposite sides made of it a long aisle, its roof a broken vault of leaves, upheld by irregular pointed arches, which worked ou one's imagination like an ever-shifting dream of architectural sugges tion j and having ceased to bo a way, it was now all but entirely deserted. There was not a little of ecrhiess in the vanquishing vista tlmt showed nothing boyond ; and when the wind of the twilight was sighing in gusts through its moanful crowds of fluttered loaves; or when the wind of the winter was torment ing the ancient haggard boughs, and tko trees looked as if thoy were weary of the world, and longing after the garden of God in the king dom of tho tree of life ; yet more when the snow lay heavy upon all their branches, and sorely tried their aged strength to bear up against its oppression, giving the onlooker a vague sense of what tho world would be if God were gone from it, then tho old avenue was a placo from which anyone with tuoro imagina tion than courage would bo ready to haste away, and seek the abodes of the live souls which alone make the world habitable to each ether. But Donal, though he dearly loved his neighbor, and that in the fullest concrete sense, was capable of loving the loneliest places because ho was never alone. His soul was peaceably in company with the soul of tho universe even all the time he was not thiuking ef that soul, or consciously conscious of liis presence oither in the world around him, or the world which was himself. It was altogether n neglected place. Long grass grew all over its floor from end to end, cut now and then for hay, or to feed such animals as had grass in their stalls, but often quite untended. Along one border, on the outside of tho trees, wont a footpath, but so little used that, although not quite invaded by the turf, tho long grass met over tho top of it, and thus it was often hid almost entirely. Though Donal had once met Lady Arctura in it, the placo was no favorite haunt of hers, and she was never there for any love of the place itself. So finding it so utterly lonely, Donal_ was growing more and more fond of using it as his outdoor Btudy, and jirostuche, for was it not a little aislo of the great temple ? Very suldom indeed was Ins reading or meditation interrupted by oven tho Bight of human being. It was about a month after ho had taken up his abode at the castle, when, as on a day lie was lying in the grass with a book- companion, under the shade of one of tho largest of its beeches, he folt ere he heard tho sounds of the feet of an approaching horse. When thoy had come almost close, he raised his head to bco. Tho movement startled a spirited horse, whoso ndet nearly lost his seat, and did lose his temper. Recovering tho former, and pulling op tho excited animal, fain to be off at full speed, he urged him towards tho cause of Iub terror. In liis wrath ho took Donal for a Uamp, waiting for tho night and its fitnesses. At tho moment Donnl was rising — deliberately, that ho might not further alarm tho horse ; lie was hardly on his feet when tho animal came almost straight at him, its rider with his whip raisod, just as Donal took off his bonnet to make his apologies. He stepped a iittie aside, and stood erect and uncovered. His bearing and countenance calmed the horseman's rage, for there was something in them no gentleman Could fail to recognise, while the steady cora- JHisnrc which rarely forsook him tended in to calm any agitation in anothor. Tho rider was a gentlemanlike man — plainly one who had moro to do with affairs bucolic than those of cities or courts, but witbnl a man of conscious dignity, socially afloat, and ablo to hold his own. " What tho devil," — he cried — for nothing la so irritating to a horseman as to coma near losing his seat oxcopt, perhaps, to lose it alto gether, and indignation against the cause of any untoward accidont is generally a mortal's first feeling, for, however foolishly, he feels himself injured. Bat there, having better takon 111 Donal's spok' Peeked himself, and thereupon Donal » your pardon, sir," I10 said ; " it was loolish of mo to riso so hastily ; I might have ought it would startle many a lioreo. But ono can t always havo ono'b wits about one, especially when his thoughts are absorbed." ,. waa apt to be a little long winded for we busier part of tho ago into which ho was porn, but tho fault seldom did any harm, and infrequently did good, for it gained time. which, wfth people both reasonable and un reasonable, is a great gain, especially when there is wrath in tho wind. He had been in such a place born, and was so educated, that he was old fashioned, and belonging tea time when everything moved more slowly, when sermons were very long and conversation deliberate, when people thought more,' spoko lcs9, and took time to say what tlioy were thinking. The gentleman lifted liis hat. . "I bog your pardon for being so hasty," ho returned with a smile, which cleared every cloud from liis face, ' "I1 imagine, from wlmtl have heard of him, you must bo tho tutor nt the; castle, with as good a right to be bore as I have myself." - . . ."Yon are right, sir," returned Donal.. " l'orijpn mo that I forget your name." "My name is Donal Grant," replied Donal, with au accent on the my Intending a desire to know in return that of. the speaker, for he on his pai t was attracted by the bearing and behavior of the man. . " I am a Graeme," answered the other, " one. of tho clnn, and factor to the earl. Come and see where I live. My sister will be glad to mako your acquaintance. We lead rather a lonely life here, and don't see too many agrco- ablo people." " You call this lonely,' do you !" said Donal. ' It's a grand place, anyhow,". " You are. right — as you seo it now. But wait till the winter comes! Then perhaps you will change your feeling about it a little." \- " I- lmve seen a fow' winters, and know something of what thoy can bo," returned' Donal. _ " Pardon me if I doubt whether you know whiter so well as I do. This east coast is by all acconntsa bitter place, but I fancy it is ouly libera a great hill side that you can know the heart and soul of a snow blast. One wlio lias been a shepherd off and 011 ought to know something about it." _ " I give in," returned Mr. Graeme. " It is bitter enough hero though, and a mercy we can manage to keep warm indoors." " Which is often moro than we shepherd folk can do," said Donal. As they had talked Donal had picked up a book or two from liis lair, and they wcie uow walking along together. Mr. Graeme used to say afterwards he was never so immediately taken with a man. It was one of tho charms of Donal's liabit of being that he never spoke as if lio belonged to any other than tho social position in which lie bad been born and brought up. Tliis came partly from pride in bis fatlior and mother, partly from inborn dignity, and partly from religion. To bim tho story _ of our Lord wis tbo reality it is in itself — so much a reality that he delighted to think ho was born so nearly on the same level of earthly position as the Master of his life and aspiration. For if ever man had an ambition — I givd the evil name of the world's kind to the passion I mean — it was Donal's ambition to be made free with the freedom which is our natural in heritance, and shall be gained by those -who obey the words of the Master, 'l'o gain this freedom of absolute being was to Donal the one thing worth seeking; and from this fled every kind of protenco as from tho face of the light flies tho darkness. Hence he was en tirely and thoroughly a gentleman, and that not ouly in the ono worthy sense of the word, but in the .world's sense as well— at least so far as regarded even the world's essentials. What if bis clothes were sometimes far from being of even the next to the newest out ? What if any one could see at once thnt ho had not been used to London society ? He (lid not trouble himself about such things ; he was far above them. If be might but attain to the man ners of the court of the "high countries," manners which appear on the outside because they go all through the man, ho did not mind' what he seemed in the eyes of men. Cour teous, ready to help, considerate, always seek ing first how far ho could honestly agree with any speaker, opposing never except sweetly and apologetically, savo indeed when some utterance of flagrant injustice was in his cars, there was no man of true breeding either in or out of " society," who would not at least havo yielded the point that Doiial, so far aB manners went, was fit company for any man or woman. Mr. Graeme's eye glanced from the back of his horse over the tail, square- shouldered form, a little stoopiug from lack of drill and much meditation, but instantly straightening itself upon any imvard stir ; and ho said to himself, "This is no common man I There must be something in him, and probably not a little to ho got out of him." They wore walking along the avenue, Donal by tbo rider's knee, talking away as those not unlikely soon to know each other well. "You don't seem to make much use of this road," said Donal, " No : its uso is an old story now. Tho castle was for a time deserted, and the family, then poorer than it is now, lived in the house you arc going to honor with a viBit — to iny mind much tho moro comfortable of the two, though considerably too large for ub." " What au old houso it must bo if these trceB wero planted for an approach to it 1" " They wero nover planted for that ; thoy nromuch too old. Either there must havo been a wood here at the time, and the rest wero cut down and these left, or there was a house here before much older than the present. Tho look of tho garden indeed, and of some of the out houses, would bear out the idea." " I have never seen the house," said Donal. " I cannot think where it can bo." "Youcan-'t, then, bare been going much about," Baid Mr. Graeuio. " That is true. I liavo boon so taken up with my pupil, and bo delighted with my nearer surroundings, that I havo not cared to stir much beyond them— -except, iudcod, to go and seo Andrew Comiu the Cobbler." "You know him, do you? I havo heard him spoken of as a quite remarkable man. There was a clergyman here from Glasgow — I forget Isis name— bo struck with him as to seem actually to take him for a prophet. I remember I10 said ho belonged to the old mystics— not that it convoyed much to me, or served to recommend liim to me. I have no turn for extravagances of any sort — least of all religious." " But," said Donal, in tho tono of ono merely suggesting a possibility, " a tiling that from tho outside may seem an oxtravagance may look quite different when you got insido ih" . , . " Tho more reason for keeping out of it ! If it bo so bewitching that acquaintance with, it must mako you in love with it, tho more air botween you and it the better 1" "Would not that keep you from ever form- ing n tiuo acquaintance with anything? frothing can be known from merely hearing what people say." " True ; but there aro things which are so plainly nonsense !" " Yes ; but there aro other things that seem to a man nonsense, because be thinks he knows what they are when he does not. Who would know anything of tho shape of a -chair who took his notion of it from its shadow on tlio floor? What idea could a man havo of religion who knew nothing of it exeeut from what goes on in churches ?" Mr.' Graemo was not fond of going to church, yet did go, and was the moro pleased to hear the unfavorable remark. This - and other reasons caused him to make no reply, and tho subject dropped. Aa .they approached the end, the avenuo seemed to Donal to stop dead against a high wall, but when thoy - reached it, lie saw that the road turned at right angles, and skirted the wall for some distanco, then turned again with it. Tho wall was a somewhat dreary" 0110 —of gray stone, with mortar as gray— not like tlie rich- colored wall of old red brick' ono would expect in such a place in England. But its roof-like coping was crowned with tufts of wail plants, and a fow 'lichens 'did something to relievo the grayness. Having taken its second turn, the road soon brought them to a farm yard — that of the home-farm at which tho factor lived. Mr. Graeme left his horse at the stable, and led the way to tlio bouso. Thoy entered it by a back door with a porch overgrown with ivy, and going through some low passages came to the other side of the house, where Mr. Graeme showed Donal into . a large, low-ceiled drawing- room, with old-fashioned furniture, smel ling of ancient rose leaves, whoso odor seemed rather that of Bad hearts than of withered flowers. There he left him while ho went to find his Bister. Glancing around him Donal saw a wiudow open to the ground, and went to it. Boyond it lay what seemed to him tho most fniry-liko garden ho had ever beheld. He had iu books come on descriptions of such a garden ; and though lie had never looked on one such before, lie seemed to know it well from times of old. It was all laid out iu straight lines, with soft walks of old turf between the plots, and in tlie plots grew nil kinds of straight things, whose ambi tion seemed to get up, not to spread abroad. He stopped out of the window, drawn as if by the sight of a long retreated, almost forgotten, country of. his childhood's dreams. Down a broad walk, on which his foot sank deep in velvety grosB, he wont wandering, and the love liness of tlio dream did not fade. Hollyhocks, so gloriously impatient of development that their flowers could not wait to reach tho top ere they burst into the flame of life, making splendid blots of ' color along their ascending stalks, rocoived him like stately dames of enchantment, and enticed him, ever to see more and more of them, down the long walk between the two rowB of thorn, deep red, and creamy white, primrose and yellow; and all tho while liblow tho present pleasure lay the dim assurance that thoy were leading to sdme wonderful place, some nest of lovely dreams, if hot more lovely visions.. The walk 'itself led to a bower of roses— abed surrounded with a trellis, on which they climbed, and made a huge bon-fire, incense altar, rather, of red and white flame. To Donal it seemed more glorious than his bram could receive. Hereiu seeing was hardly believing, but believing was more than seeing, and would ripen to a higher sight. Donal well understood that though nothing can be too good to bo true, there is nothing that is not too good to be grasped. Poor misbelieving birds of God, we hover about a whole wood of tlio trees of life, venturing here and there a peck, as if tlioir fruit might be poison, and the design of our creation was our ruin : we shake our wise owl-feathered heads 'and declare they cannot be the trees of life, because that is too good to be true. Ten times more consistent are they who deny there is a God nt all than they who fancy thoy believe in a middling kind of God, in whom they place indeed a fitting faith. Foelings such as these moving gently in his full heart, among flowers that came from the dark earth like the exhaled spirits of its hid den jewels which themselves' could not reach the eye of the sun ; over grass which fondled his feet like the lap of an old nurse, ho walked slowly once round tho bed of the roses, to re turn again towards the houso. But when he readied tho bottom of tho walk, there, half way between him and the house, was tho lady of the garden descending to meet him — uot ancient sho like the garden, but young like its flowers, light footed, strong, and full of life. Prepared by her brother to be friendly with tbo stranger, sbo met him with a pleasant smile, and ho saw that tho web of light which Bhone out of her dark eyes had in it a woof of laughter She had a complexion dark and sweet ; as I havo said, a merry eye ; a good large forehead ; a nose by no means after any recognised generation of noses, yet a pleasant nose to meet ; a mouth not insignificant — larger indeed than to humnn judgment might have seemed necessary for the purposes gene rally regarded as those of tho mouth — al though those purposes surely may woll be imagined to go beyond eating and drinking, talking and smiling, and kissing. Largo indeed, it was iyet a right pleasant mouth to look upon, and tho two rows of lovely teeth it was furnished with not looking at all dangerous, Donal saw its approach without dismay. Ho was indeed no moro shy with women than with men; while his fooling to wards them partook not a little of the re- veronco of the ideal knight-errant of tho old time. He felt no more fearful iu the presoneo of the most distinguished of them he over met than I10 would have been in tho presence of an angel of God ; for all his courago camo of his truth, and clothed in tho dignity of his ro- vereuco he could look in tho face of the lovely without shame. Ho would never havo sought like Adam to hide from Him whoso voico was in the garden, but would have hastened tollim to cast himself at His feet. Bonnet in hand, I10 advanced to meet her. Sho came up to him, holding out a well shaped, good sized hand, strong aud not ignorant of work — capable in deed upon occasiou of milking a cow to the animal'b entire satisfaction. Then ho saw too that her chin was stroug, aud her dark hair not too tidy. She was rather tall, and slenderly conceived though plumply carried out. Her light approacli ploased Donal much. He fancied her foot pressed tlio grass as if it loved it ; if Donal was ready to lovo anything in tho green world, it was neither roses nor holly hocks, nor ovon sweot peas, but the gross that is trodden nndor foot, that springs in all wasto places, and is glad of the dews of heaven to hen! the- hot out ef the scythe, Long bad fiq abjured the notion that thore is anything in tho wliolo vegetable kingdom without somo feeling of life and its enjoyment. Ho never liked to pluck a flower except to carry to some ouc who would bo made happier by tho sight of it ; ho was all but certain ' tlie flower felt the change. He took hor band in his, and felt it an honost'one— a safe, comfortable hand, . "My: brother told me ho had brought you," sho said. " I lira' glad to see you." "You aro good to mo," said Donal. "I : should not: have thought cither of. you had known of my existence. I confess till a few . minutes ago ! was not aware of yours," Was it a rudo spoecli ? Ho was silent for a moment with tlio silence that premises spdecli," then added — " Has it ever struck you how many horn friends thero are.iu tlie world who nover meet —people who would lovo each other at first sight, but who never in this world gain that first sight?" " No," returned Miss Graemo with a laugh in .which huuror , predominated. " I certainly never had suoh a thought. I take those that come, and do not think of tho rest. But of course you dro right : it must bo so." ; "It is. like. having a great many brothers and sisters you do uot know," said Donal. " My mother once told mo," sho rejoined, "of a man whose father had had so many wives and children that he positively did not know nil his brothers and sisters." " I suspect," said Doual, " wo An re to know our brothers and sisters." " I do not understand." " We have even got to feel a man h our brother the first moment we meet him," pur sued Donal, enhancing his former remark. ".'That sounds rather aiarmiug 1" said Miss Graeme, with another laugh, in which again humor not merriment predominated. " My poor little heart feels scarcely large enough to receive 20 many." "The worst of it is," continued Donal, who once started was not ready to draw rein ; the things lie thought much about he was ready to talk much of ; out of tho abundance of his hcarthis mouth spoke — "theplague is that those who have mostly advocated the extension of the family bonds, have generally begun by lov ing their own Immediate relations less than they ought to love everybody. Extension with themliasmeant slackening — as if any oue could learn to love more by loving less, and go on to do better without doing well ! That which is intuisest at tlio core must of course alone he able to spread furthest. Ho who loves liis own little will not love others much, if at all." " But liow can we love those who are nothing to us ?" said Miss Graemo. " That would bo impossible. The family re lations are there to develop tho love which is founded on a far deeper though less recognised relation. They can only enable us to love what is lovable. But pardon me, Miss Graeme. Meeting you' for the first time, I immediately monopolise tbo conversation, as if I were your tutor as well as little Davie's !" "lam very glad to listen," returned Miss Graeme. - "I cannot say I am prepared to agree with yon ; but it is something in tliis out of the way corner, to hear eventalk from which you must differ." "Alt, you coin have that here if you will as woR as anywhere !" ' "Indeed! I am sure it is not in the pulpit." " For my part I hear little else from the pulpit. I spoke pf talk from which you would differ, but with which I think you ought to agree. There is an old man in the town who can talk better, than ever I heard man speak before, but as he is a poor wise man, with a despised handicraft, almost nono heed him— as is natural to this world. But almost no com- ; munity recognises its great men .till they are gone. The strongest influences lire from their very nature of the most hidden working. They are deep out of sight." ".Where is the use then of being great ?" sug gested Miss Graeme. , "That depends on what the use of greatness is. Tbo desire to be known of men is destruc tive to all true greatness; nor is there any honor worth calling honor but what comeB from an unseen source. To be great is to seem small in the eyes of man." Miss Graeme made no answer. Slie was not much accustomed to consider tilings seri ously. A good girl in a certain true sense, she had never seen that sho had to Set herself to he bettor, or indoed to be anything. But sho was ablo to feel that Donal was in earnest, though she was far from understanding him, and that was much. To recognise that a man means samothingrevcals('as things arc, no despicable amount of porsonal development. " What a lovely old garden this is !" said Donal after tho sequent pause. " I have nover seen anything like it before." " It is very old-fashioned," she answered. " Don't you find it very stiff and formal ?" " Stately and precise, I should say rath er." " I do not mean I can help liking it in a way." " Who could help liking it that hail not taken up notioUB from peoplo, and not from tho garden itself. We should always hear the thing itself—not what is said about it," " You cannot say tliis is like nature 1" " Yes, it is ;' it is like human nature. Man ought to learu uf natius, but not, in his work, imitate nature. His work is, through the forms that Nature gives him, to express tho idea or feeling that is in him. That it seems to me is far more likely to produce things in harmony with nature than the at tempt to imitate nature upon the small human scale." " You are too much of a philosopher for mo !" said Mjrs Graeme, with a smile in which was no BliodoW of contempt. " I daresay you are right, but I havo never read anything about art, and cannot follow you." " You have probably read as much a9 I havo. I am only talking out of what the ne cessity for understanding things lias made me thiuk. One must get things together in ouo's thoughts, if it he only to bo ablo to go on thinking." This too was beyond Miss Graeme. The Bilence again fell, and Donal let it lio, waiting for her to break it this timo. But again he was the first. They had turned and gone a good way down tho long garden, and had again turned towards the house, which Donal was contemplating across tho well-ordered wilder ness, "It makes mo feel as I ncvor felt before," he said. " Tboro is such a sense of vanished lifo about tbo placo I seem to be in a story book. The wliolo garden secmB dreaming about things of long ago — when troops of ladies, now banished into pictures, wandered about the place, full of their own thoughts and fancies _ of life, as wo are now — looking at everything with ways of thinking as old- fashioned as their garments, but not tbercforo further from nature than our ways, I could not be in this garden after nightfall without feeling as if every walk were being walked by unseen feet, as if every bnsh might be biding behind it somo fair shape returning to dream over old memories." : " But where is tho good of fancying what ia not true ? I don't care a straw for what I know to be nonsense !" Alias Graeme was. probably glad to find a. spot where she could put down the foot of con tradiction. She came of a family known for what the neighbors calledcoimnon sense, and long in_ tlie babit of casting contempt upon everything it thought fit to characteristic ns superstition. Tho educated lowlanders are ns much set against everything that appeals to the imagination, chiefly because they have so little, ns tlie bighlanders are ready to altribnto reality to any imagination powerful or beauti ful enough to impress them. Sho bad now, sbo felt, something to say for herself. " How do you know that I" said Donal, look ing rouud iu her face with a bright smile. " Why imagine what you do not seo ?" "Because I can only imagine what I do not sec." "Nobody ever saw slich creatures as you Bupposo in any garden. Why fancy the dead so uncomfortable, or so ill looked after, that they must come back to plague us !" , ' "Plainly they havo never plagued yon much !" said Donal laughing. "But just let me ask you how often you have walked np and down tlieso walks iu the dead of tlio night 57 "Never once," answered Miss Graeme, not without a spark of indignation. "I never was so absurd." "Then there may ho a whole night-world you know nothing about. You cannot tell that the placo may not be thronged with ghosts, to whem you have never given a cliance of appearing to you. I don't say it is so, for I know notbing-_or, at least, little, about such things. I havo hail myself no experience of tho sort any more than you — and I have often been out whole nights on. the mountains when I was a shepherd helping my father." " Why then should you care to trouble your fancy about thera V" " Perhaps just for that reason." " I do not understand you." " I meau that just because I can come into uo communication with such a world as may or might be about me, I, therefore, imagine it. I should think that if, whcneverl walked abroad at night, I was in the way of meeting and holding converse, sweet or other as tl© _ case might be, with the disembodied, I should use my imagination little on their affairs, and chiefly take note of the facts I observed. But uow that what seems might be makes no- show of itsolf, what can be more natural than that just thereupon I should occasionally em ploy my imagination ? What, otherwise, is the- imagination there for ?" " l am sure I do not know. I have always been in the way of thinking that the less ono has to do with that faculty the better." " Then I should think the thing, whatever- it be, should not be called a faculty, which means a power of doing something or other, but as weaknes or an impediment to doing." " Just so. I would grant that," " But, unfortunately for your idea, and happily for mine, tho history of tbo world shows it could never have made any progress, without suggestions upon which to ground ex periments resulting in knowledge ; and whence could these suggestions come but from this.' something or other we call imagination S" 