LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. It will he secI from as advertisement elsewhere that the popular Liliputian Opera Cotlpany will visit Ipswich next week, when " The I'riansess o' Trchizoide' and "i The Chimels of Normanhy" will bhe given. This troupe has lbeen very highly spoken of lduring their stay in Brisbane, and oar llrisbhane correspondent has more than once referred to them in complimentary terms, so we may expect some thing good from them whenoa they visit us. We were informed yesterday that the approach to the bridge at the Blacksoil. to which we referred in ouriast issue, has heen promptly repairedl; but our in formant also states that the road a little distance beyond this-vin., at the totp culvert on the lronilhark ILange-is in a very had state, especially in wet weathier. This spot is within the Brassall Division, and we think that the matter only lnecds to lie lroughti under the inotice of the Board in order that steps may lie taken to remedily the defect. A correspondent in our present issue calls atten ,.ion to the annoyance causaled tio the residents in the wcstfier portion of the town by the hehasiour of the liacks, iwho lisalage somehow to hang about the streets long after siundowsi. We scan vouch for the Struth of what hlie has stated respecting tlhin. At ibout Ihalf-past 7 o'clock on Friday night lost one of thlsoe sable viito+s--iaoihlirned lby drink- shlocked flthe entire nieigbliouirhiod by his profanity as he staggered lsaig ihyntax-stree't oil the roadl to his catip, iuich ?ceneo as tlhese have been unpleasantly freqiuent of late. Of course the unfortunate alibori ginals themselves are not so much to blamd e as those who, lhlrough li istaken kiuidness or froim lobs worthy motives, snpply themu with that which inilami?es their ipassions and arouses to activity the wori?t traits of thlieir savage nature. The pliee, we know, have experl'iecdsl sote dillihulty of late in gettinig thei hlakes to clear oulit if town at nighltfall, aul in one or two instanlces they have rec:ived soiletlliulg miore forciblellc than woirdsl wihen elndeavontiing to discharge their duty in thlis respect. Howeer', were inii fo ealed yesterdlay that the abioriginals, or the greater ipart of them, true to their aiignatory habits, hadl leift Ipswich for a short timte oai a visit to some of their formerlhaunts, so that, for the present at any rate, we ?hall hear no more colmplaints reslpectinig thesi. The returns of the registrar of birthlis and deatlihs for tle imonth of ;larch last sholw that therice were reclrdedl for Ipswich 29 hiirthl-14 males ald 1i. fi lhois i and u c deaths-5 t inalesaniid Fi females. For \West MIor'ettt the iinuihe's were :14 birthsi-tlhe sls in epi;l ulnere'sl; mni 12 dealths--? ultes aind I fiemale,. lin imii thi pa?t ti arter thiere have hoen 71 birthls anl 27 deathls irgistertcd for Ipswichli, and 1011: blirths alnd 37 deaths for \We'st loretonu. t'he ioiluntlisf received at the Ipswich Laud Ollice dulring the monlth of dMarch jst einded-the periodl during which thie annuai l lpayments oln selectionis are miade--were as follows -On accounot of eonditional purchase selectioisl, £9705 11s. 7d.; homesteads, £4457 12s. 2d.-total. £14,103 3s. lid. This incltuded £600 Is. ^d. and £315 178s. 8d. received at Helidlon oil accounti of colnditional and homelistead seleetions respectively. The suit of £297 16o. Oi, was also rcecis\ed at the Ipswich office oni account of inew s"h, lions takn up during the mouth : £17 for the sale of t'anthloi rin, No. 2; alnd I;34 .i. for tinlber licuroess. The reots thave ien tie whole bien well paid rp. there bli', ii napicativ'ly f?t'e d?efaultrs. Th':e amllllnt. hI"'vr, is :-'arcel so large as tlhat ece?ivel in M\:ec'h, l1S2 Init thtis i' to bes cea?moted for tfo ' rs:ia' eutrt xc ths fat lthait ill the .is. per ier lanl his blelil -ithdrnu u itfrom s'lsction sister .hly la-ct, sad tlhtt Ipayene.sttiltspo ?in,:e of til' earli?' s:,1 cti, ] lt IIsi an t cea?ted tot 11e 1al e. Th'-h"" a:ia sl, E ,aster , tilie g i,.f iitim hseri of tite panim i'ieons iof St. Pails Ujeiarh,i i tli. townii, will hI bihl in the sr'lusl-roolium, thiis tvcsintg, at hlt)f-pnst 7 o'cluck. iOur 'l'i.is eh.iig he us-ht ier sesh ii l Faoch"w, China, iby our Ml..l. 1. Lsve. who is a coimpetent sea :aalyt. thhlr li'rit'y, quality lital cheaplutti are i,: Slis oinea gtacra'nte'd, nsuunllot l s ieti1 i;i V byn 1 " colouiai !im" is rr.isdil ihmps:.sihil. T'h i'es trieths wll Is hlppci.iatla'd iy tllo ihriewd hiess Iman, aell ulilenrtoaud by eaen the musilts verdanut ouln of eoi lucice- Loes& Ou., Esxutihow, Chiinia.---[Auixj 25 A-meeting of agents of insurance companies doing Ihsiness in Ipswich will he held at 4 o'clock this afternoan, in tihe Fire Brigade Board's office, for the purpose of appointing two members to tihe Board. A correspondent, hailing fmrm the Reserve, sug gests that more care should he taken to prevent on desirable passengers from exercising their powers of blackguardism in the trains running on the Harris rille Railway. Hie says that on several occasions young menn i a s atse of drunkenness (who are cautious enough not to attempt to get into the train at the tpswich railway station, where, uur correa pondcnt thinks, they would quickly be expelled) have got into the train at Little Ipswich and other stropping-places, and, by their obscene and filthy language, maale matters very unpleasant for their fellaw-travellers, u?uy of whom, attimes., are ladies. Doubtless, he says, the guard has many things to attend to. and it is a comparatively easy matter for these rufliuss to get into the carriages whilst he is engaged with other passenagers ; but, if he were to mark cone or two of these characters, andl summon t.hcm, probably the local Bench would make such an examplc of them that others who might lie inclined ta falluw in their footsteps would thlink twice before Idoing so. The Rev. W. Powell, of the Primitive Methodist Church, who is alecit to leave Ipswich for Rock hatiptao, preached farewell servies here on Sunday lest-in the cast-street church it the morning and evening, and attheBosin Pocketin theafternoon. The text icloven for the morning serrices was taken from 2nd Corinthians, 13th chapter, and part of the 11th verse-'" Ile of one mind, live in peace, and the God of love and peace shall le with yoe." The preacher souglht to lhow that Christianity has not oncly much for f;od's people in reversion, but much for them in the present life. Paul. lie said. taught that a state of mied might hle reached, and a feeling of brother hood cherished, which should he productive of the truest enjoyment. Firstly, Christians should be one il thought (true union ihaving its foundation in ciental agreement), in expression,. and in desire. Secoudly, they wersenjoined to live in peace, this Ibeing a true correlative of union of mind. The re ligion of Christ was one of peace. In all its stagesof developmoent in tihe heart, the family, the church, and the world, it depended on peace. Some, he said. had thought that sudh things as poverty, alltlictiou, disappointment, &e.;, were unfavourable to spiritual prosperity, butif the heart was under the influence of Divine grace and the direction of the Holy Ghost, spiritual prosperity would be the experience of all, eves uoder the most try ing cireumstances. God wonld be with his people to assist them in the discharge of duty and in opposing wrong, to give success to their efforts, to uphold theml nder the trials of life, and to con duct them safely to heaven.-In the evening, Mr. liowell preached to a very large congregation from Solomeo.a's prayer-" The Lord our God be with us as Ile was with our fathers ; let Him not leave nor: forsake us." This text, ice said, marked an im poriatnt period in the history of the Jewish Church. The Jtws had often met for worship under cireum stances caleulated to excite their gratitude, hbut now tney were assembled to consecrate the temple to tihe sa cored purposes for whlich it was built, and Solomon wacs anxious that the memories of the past: alould not pass away, and that God's visits to his people should be repeated. It was the prayer of; a person conscious of bmnan need, of a person who helieved in the chlagelessoess of the Divine purpiose' and tie unfailing supplies of Divine greae. Some people fell into the error of localhsing.the Divine ileing, while othoers looked upon certain times in the peast as the good old times, the like of which they care'd would never come again. But surely it could not be that God was more merciful to the" fatherethantothechildren. What He had ibeen in the past hie waited 'to be now, and was as mercifully dits posed as ever. The prayer was also that of a person cheered by a remembrance of the pat-of what God had done for his ancient Israel in Egypt, at the Red Sea, in tihe wilderness, and in the Promised land. Ic was. too, the prayer of a person who dreaded the thought of being left to lumself ; and they might have the aisuaonice that if they looked well to their; Chrlistian duties God would be with them.-Mr. Powell, e may add, eame to Ipswich three years: ago, and theian found the denomination with which he is cocorceted in a very diferent state to what it in now. Tihen hie was thie only Primitive Methodist minister ti this circuit, but considerable extensions, have since been tade. and regu lar services established in upwards of twenty fresh places, many of these boing situated in the Esk, Laidley, Fasoifeon, and i)ugandau distrutes. To work these places involved as mach Jahour that it was considered desirable to constitute s?me of them into branches. Acco?lingly, iEk, Laidlcy, andi Fansifern have been made the hiad- quarters of separate stations, with a resident' minister at each. A second minister has also been taken on by the parent station. Tihe whole expenses it the various districts havn been met by the volun tary contrihbutions of the people, and we onderstand that the erection of additional plaeesofwo"mhipatEsk, ahidlcy, and Dugandan is contemcplated. In iis work recently Mr. Powell has been singularly fortunate in having as colleaguessome excellent young ministera a stalfupon tihe possession of whichtheChurch hasbeen congratuleted-who arecarryingon veryauccessfully, to all appearance, the work so favourably initiated. by him. Mr. Powell, as we stated, goes to Rock iuaiptcn?i, which is tic largest circuit the connexion has in the Queensland district. and his brother, the Rnv. Thomas Powell, of Brisbane, takes his place here. The Rev. Mf. Foggon, of Rosewood, is also soon about to leave this district. He in to go to Charter Towers, andi his place at Rosewood will be takeni by the Rev. Thomas Nock, of Brisbane. In their ne ' minister, the Primitive MethodistsofRoek. hamulpton will certainly have an earnest and persever ing worker, under whose care their Church should prosper. Two or three athletes from this district proceeded to Dlalby, on Earter Monday, for the purposeof taking part in the Oddfcllows' sports which were held there on that day. We observe from the lbcal paper con taining an account of the proceedings that at least one of them Inur no cause to regret his visit. The 'Maiden Plate of 150 yards, first prize 30s., was won iby B. M'Grory easily, and the saume competitor seecred first honours (2Os.) in the running high jump, having cleared the bar at aft. In the Easter Handi cap-a race of 300 yards-T. Hewitt ran seconid, securing ait prize valied at 20s. The final heat for this event was not worth calling n race, as the start was a most indiffereut one, Hewitt losing at least four or five yards. A telegiam from Sydney in last nsght's ?"?vyrapAc states :--Acn old ian uanced Mi'Grire, a resident in tich layinarket, who dlied recently, left £23,000 to the St. Mcary's Catlhedral fund. It lhaving been pointed out that one of M'Guire's relatives was in very needy circlmnstancs:e, Archlbishop Vaughan at oecei wroite out a cheque for £2300 in his favour. The following additional particulars of the mur der of Mr. IleesfordI by the blacks is from the Cloncurry eor'esponidenlt of the cVormautcon Hercald of the 17th ultimo :-The troopers state that oa tihe niight of thie 24lth lJanuary they were camped in tihe MKiihlay iRanges. ahunt tweouty miles from Farley, and had hailed up a mob of blacIks. They all campediii. D)uring the night the blacks cmade a raid upon themi, killing M?. Iicreofordl at, the instant with a two-hcaded nuillah- inullah, anid it thle saie time all the t'roopers oere s pouncc I ipon hic four or five nIiggers tic acih. lice troopeir I'reived three spear wounds., lint gt a'way and scaight a Iso-ae, pitting tic hbbic s ioud his i nek. anud rode him twenty miles to Parley Station, eanrrying particns of the broken spears iu his body, which were afterwards extracted by Mr. Hart. Trooper Charlie, after being speared through the thigh and arm,. aind hav ing several wounds os the body, was caught hy a blackfellow, who tried to throw hiii, but hie struggled to get his rifle, which one of the mob was trying to fire off, but did not undelatand its manipu lation. Charlic succeedeul in getting hold of it, and, freeing himiself of the uone holding himi, shot the other, thus disper.,iug thie mob. The four troopers then turned their attentione to Mr. ieresford, who lay mortally wounded, in fact, dying, as ihe only lit ec, a few minutes ; the only words Ice spoke were, " Huiys, 1 amt dying."c The troopers then re inaiird tiei' till daylighlt. when they rolled liim up if hiv lcn kit acnu covered him with sand and bislhi. Thy lthen got the horses and packs to :;a lther a.d .!itarkI fur Farley. lut were metos the il hv "hsi-. carc, Cfhcilnaucc, ciii Boll, whc, on vhci,? -ct uio, o ti-c . ,.iii ' ( trtc c ,, coil darted ouct. 'lhsp isaacil ccc to w ci iccic iccf-icc Isp, cccii faiccic cc tic bllka hic rc ........ cI fl r the tvraupci'e' left, acci h.cl .?'clur in hic sklil ll o rith stciros, lThey dhnbra o my, se-i fogs-vi tics ctcctvuiciiof th- troopers corre,.L. Tlhe party thten proceeded on th. ic-- icli ' (rctus., icc-i fillcwed thccc Ic, lilc heist of (h, iil cciacnc . - Thc ccctry beiug very ringh. and Ithi. ho .l i 'inc bic, ti, ey rI',',t uiei to 'arlc y Sicci 6oi, wricicus they it. -v uniicl icy -ovrgtiiilt Laseys party, when a inngiste:ial i quiry was hclo . .h v,,huiti'r party o ,cicvcc, well equci iplpd, ticen cci ct-cl ict 1icii'xciit of tie- cuinirderers, uicd arc still sout, 