Telephone Talk (By Bulmvaiiious.) Sinco tho election and Christmas holidays wo breathe a little easior here, and all ' loud' politi cal talk has dropped into a whisper. Thank good ness, after a storm comes a calm. Watson's ' Sugar coated Pills' didn't go down as well 03 'Stuntf '» ' Life-preserving Drops.' The latter remedy is highly spoken of as a speedy euro for Milli.qtnriul imfn\iit-. It is generally understood bore that tho new Govornmont will not allow Coonanbara liata to bo worn in tho Civil Sorvico without a turban. Somo publicans (suggest that tlio Samuol Piimsoll mark Should bo put, on 'long sloovors' as well as 011 vessels. Tompurance mon think it ought to bo put on tho beor-drinkors. Another 'amendment in tho new Act; ? ' According to tho delay by the lato Government in calling for tendors for the second soction. of tho Ulawarra Railway, people would actually think that not only wero tho plans destroyed by tho ljito Garden Palace fire,, .but that tho wholo box and dico was gono with' thorn, including surveyors, line, peijs, and lock-spits ; in fact, tho wholo. Works Department. Something wrong about -h is lot! The. Church Hill at Bulli has not beon cut down 011 top as we expected, but a aood doal of scraping Smedloy'a Hill is still untouched by both Pro gross Committee and Road Depmtmont. Surely ?something ought to I10 done after spending Government money in surveying both tho hill aud tho doviation. Same old gamo. Now that- wo have got the Hon. Alexander Stuart fixed proporly, it is to be hoped I10 will not during his tour forgot to take a proper ' lunar' at tho engineering skill and waste of moiioy that had beon accordod the Coal-Cliff road fora number of years. It remains lis it always was — r. regular terror to man and beast that have to travel ovor it. In fact, insurance agents do not caro to insuro . s nves who nave 10 travel over II, nuu uiuy won't do it without they get a very high premium. Two pretty little weddings at Bulli in 0110 week. Progress? Another ' look-out' built in tho district. This last ono is not 011 tho Bulli Mountain, but in tho valley of Woonona. Ono is for looking up, aud . tlio othor for looking down, but what at ? The new public burial-ground hero hasn't beon ? touched as yot, and is not likely to bo until the surveyor has cut it up into small blocks to suit purchasers. Tho land has boen bought noarly twelve months, and there it lies. ' Old Harry' promised us a recreation ground as woll ns any other white people. Surely lie hasn't iiiado a mistake. Our worthy 'Premier' member passed through Bulli to-day, en ronte for |the Congress, and no mistake ho looked all over like''' Hail, Smiling Morn.' Wo hopo ho will now bo able to stir tho porridge up properly for the-' ghost.' The blight has been raging here for tho past two or threo weeks, especially amongst, children. Go whoro you will, it is all '? my oye.' ?Bulli is now undor tho Towns Police Act, but whoro is the road, and where the footpath ? In some places at present it is a chain wide, and others about twenty feot. How would it bb to look into this matter ? Whore is the pound and poundkeepor? I suppose all these matters will be soon attended to, the same as hunger. It is understood tho Foresters are gotr.g to havo a grand picnic 011 Anniversary day . on tho ' find your own tucker' system. This ought to go high. ? Passengers arriving at Campbolltown by the mail coach havo on different occasions had to sit at the station for nearly two hours waiting for the n?xt train. The mailtrnin has beon so overerowdod that tho 011)3' cli.mco thry had was 10 put np with tho inconvenienco. This is not alt got':. or ' the creim,' and it is to be hoped . i'. will soon be re medied, : . -'Noah's Ark' was full of aiiimaltf again' the othor night, but tho captain deemed it not udvisiihlo to to go to sou with so many souls on board unless wo got another flood. - A Christy Minstrel Club is about being farmed horo on a large scale. Thoy have got nearly all tlio ' niggers.' A horse race for £20 is to come off next month, on the Wollongong course, between Floyd's "Jack" and Poppet's "Scrap." Melbourne book makers are already making their appearance here. Rather too soon after the holidays. Diamond drill boring is going on at Mr. R. Har- rave's, Stanwell Park. It is to be hoped they will get something good. Mr. Morell, Manager , of the E. S. and A. C. Bank here, will shortly take his departure for his old native soil again, Pity ; we thought we had him as "right as the Bank." East Sydney Election. — By tolegram, last ovonina, wo learn that Mr. lleid wiis elect' d for East Sydney by a majority of 1429 over Mr. Elkinguin, who only- polled 729. PowrrcAi,. — Messrs. Dibbs, , Abbott, Farnell, Wright, and Cohen have boon ro-olected unop posed. Mr. Elkington, lato Mayor of Balniain, opposed Mr. Roid for East Sydney, yesterday, and Miv Mitchell, ono of the lato members for, New ? town, opposes Mr. Copoland there, to-morrow. Postage STAMrs. — At last meeting of tlio Wollongong Council, Alderman Peiry presentod a )»nniAi-i-il caitarnl mfnnnvnpa nnnMiifr fJin Council to support Mr. Boxhall's application to tho Postmaster-General for permission to sell postage stumps at his premises in Crown-street. Tho petition was received, and subsequently a resolution was carried to support tho application by lottor from tho Council. Town Gas L.uti's. — At the meeting of tlio Wollongong Borough Council, last week, a lottor was road from Mr. W. M. Coward, tho contractor for tile gasworks, enquiring if tho Council in tended to havo any more street lamps, as, if so, lie Would eroct them now with the twelvo already ordered. Aftor discussion, it was resolved not to erect any moro lamps at present than the dozen already arranged for. These, according to a plan proparod by Aldormon Franklin, and laid beforo the mooting, are to be placcd as follows : — Frout of thn Court-house ; corner of Harbor and Smith streets; cornor of Harbor-street and Markot squaro ; corner opposite Queen's Hotel ; cornor of Mittket and Oorrimul streets; corner of Crown and Corrimal streots ; corner of Crown and Kembla streets ; Crown-streot, midway between Kembla and Church streets ; corner of Crown anil Church stroets ; corner of Crown and ICeira streots ; corner of Keira and Market streots ; and corner of Keira and Smith streets. Valedictohy PitboEEDiNos. — On Tuesday ovon ing last, a suciul.tea meeting took place in tho old Wosleyan Church in town, for the purpose of entertaining Messrs. D. A. M'Doiiald, W. J. Poulter, and J. Bright, prior to the c uitoinplatcd de parture of theso gentlemen from the district, atleust foratime. Mr M'Donald intending to remove totlio metropolis, and Messrs. Bright aud Poultor being iu the ovo of visiting the old country, the congre gation of tho Wesloyan Church, of which theso gentlomen have boon active, useful, aud respected members for many yoars, decided to accord them ? some marks of friendship and appri ciatiou before their rospectivo depart ores. Accordingly tho tea mooting referred to was held, and Messrs, Poulter and M'Donald wore enter tained thereat, Mr. Bright being absent through temporary indisposition, as oxplaincd by tho chairman (Rev. J. Monahnn), After a very good tea had beon partaken of by noarly 100 members of the congregation, addresses, oxprossive of thoir regret at tho departure of the gentlemen men tioned, their high respect for them, and woll wishes for their futuro happiness, woro read and presented — that to Mr. M'Donald by Mr. A. Lane, and that to Mr. Poultor by Mr. Wisoman. The address for presentation to Mr. Bright was road by Mr. '-A. Parsons. The Chairman, and Mr. ? W. liobson, J.P., Mr. W. J. Wiseman, Mr. A. Parsons, -and Mr. W. Burall addressed tho mooting in terms of high praiso of- tho gentlomen being honoured that evening. Messrs. M'Donald and j Poulter having responded in fooling tonus, the ? ^rocuudings terminated, Mil. Stuart, — Tho Honorable A. Stuart, accom panied by his son, camo overland from Campboll town, on Tuesday ovoning, being drivon specially by Mr. Waturworth. Ho returned by tho same route immediately aftor tho nomination. Vkntkiloquism. — It will bo noticed that Mr. Millis, tho celebrated ventriloquist, will givo 1111 oiitertainment in the Toniporanco Hall, to- morrow ovoning. Of this gontloman tho ' Sydney Morning Herald' says : — ' As a ventriloquist I10 has rarely been cqnulfcd.' Othor Press noticos of his per formances are equally flavoring. Cricket. — A match will bo played 011 tho Green, to-morrow, betweon the Alliance and Mount, Koiru C. Clubs. Tho following players will represent the Alliaiico : — A Richards, A. Osborne, J.. Osborne, H. Robson, E. Herd, J. Kolloy, A. Boatson, P. O'Brion, P. Tressimu, G. Hayes, 11; Anstoy, and F. Woodward. Play to commciica at half-past 2 p.m. three Uihi.s juuowned. — Un Sunday aftor | noon, at Bodallu, three girls, named Sarah Gray, Martha Callaghau, aud Mary Callaghan, whoso ages ranged botwoon 10 and 14, wero drowned whilst bathing in tho Tuross River, at Cornering. The tide carriod Sarah Gray and Mary Callaghau out of thoir dopth, and Martha Callaghau lost hor lifo trying to save the others. Tho three bodies woro recovered about a quartor of an hour after tho alarm was raisod, but all efforts at resuscitation woro futilo. Funeral ok Gamretta. — It is ostimated that 200,000 persons from all parts of Franco viewed | tho body of Gauibetta in the Palais Bourbon, 1 whoro it lay in stato. The public funeral was comparable in solemnity and grandeur with tho pageant which commonioratod the transfer of tho | ashes of Napoloon I. in 'he year 1810, from St. Holona to tho Invalidos. Trado was ontiroly sus , ponded. Tho route to Pere la Chniso comotery J was lined by 24 regiments. Cars laden with I wreaths sent from evorv Dart of tho Reuublic' i procoded tho hcarso, which was followed by tlio Ministers, members of both Houses of Parliament, hundreds of delegates from public bodios, and tho carriages of tlio ambassadors. It iscomputed that tho cortcgo of mourners numbered 50.000, many of whom camo from romoto parts of tho country, while an enormous crowd of mere onlookors woro present at tho ceremony. The multitude who thronged the streets along the line of route could not havo been less than 250,000. It took livo hours for the procession to reach tho cemetery. On arrival thero M. Brisson, in an oration upon tho genius and patriotism of tho doccused states man, urged tlio necessity of union, if tho nation wished to achieve Gainbotta's noble aspirations. [ Special emphasis was laid by several spuakers 011 his affection for tho lost province of Alsaco. Tho ceremony was tho most impressive and imposing that has over been witnessed in Paris during tho present generation. — 1 Herald's' Telegram. Titu New England Disaster.- Tho members of tho Marino Board met 011 Tuesday afternoon, when Pilot Thomas Smith was cited to appear beforo tho Board to show-cause why his certificate should not bo cancelled. Pilot Thomas Smith duly attended; and tho inquiry, being, a depart mental one. was hold with closed doors Pilot Smith having addressed tho Board in defence of his conduct, the Board deliberated and found that, 'having in view the complaints that had been mado against Pilot bmith before, 'and taking ail the circumstances into consideration in connection with the Now England disaster, tho Board decided upon cancelling his pilot's certificate, and that his connection with the pilot service of tho colony therefore ceases this day.' — Tho inquiry into the circumstances surrounding tho wreck of the Now Er.nlund (says tlio 'Echo') has shown that tho loss of tho vessel was cau-ed bv tho foolbardiness or ineonmateuco. or a com bination of the two, and that the loss of so many lives aftor she had grounded may bo traced to in competence and cowardice combined. Had the. captain survived, he would have been heavily responsible. He started from Grafton undor tho influence of drink ; and, although tho Marine Board came to tho conclusion that be had so far recovered sobriety that lie was compotent to handle tho stoamer ot tho tinio when lie attempted to cross the bar, tho affair has in this aspect a vory ugly look. Destructive Fire at Dubbo.— On Saturday night at Dtibbo, tlio furniture cmipurinm and workshops occupied .by Mr. Lewis wero burned to tho ground. It appoars that Mr. Lewis was putting ono of his children' to bed. Being cnl'.od to tlio shop, he left tho lump burning. It either burst or, ignited tho curt-iiiis of tho child's cot. 1 Tho flames rapidly spread, and in spite' of. tlio exertions or tne nro Diigaao tne oiiuaiug was soon consumed. One of tho children was rescued with difficulty by its inother, and has since (lied. Mrs. Lewis is dangerously 'ill. having been sevorely. burned. The loss is estimated at abont £4000. Operation ok the Lano Laws.— Wo aro in formed (says Wednesday's 'Herald') that tho Government has appointed Mr. Augustus Morris aud Mr. George Ranken to inquire into tho con dition of the public ot-tato, and to report thoroon within five or six .weeks. Tho inquiry will ascer tain, approximately: — 1. The capabilities of each land district for agricultural and pastoral pursuits . 2\. The number .of pastoral leaseholds in oach district. 3. The quantity of land which has boon alienated \vithin' each leasehold, or - otherwise' within each district, the various modes of aliena tion being particularised 4. The consequences of this alionntion ns affecting the public estate within oncli leasehold or district 5. Tho character of the unsold lands, and their relativo or propor tionate value as compared with those which have oeoii .tueiiutcci. o. 1110 lnetuous oy which largo estates havo boon .accumulated. 7. The condition of tho reserves, and the reasons for making them. 8\. Tho avorago quantity of land required to. feed a sheep, on the assumption that the country is naturally or artificially watered. These aro some of the points of tho inquiry, tho object being bo ascertained as fully as possiblo tho operation of the land laws as they affect tho public estate, and how that estato may b.i occupied most advantageously for the sottler and the country. All tlio principal officers of the. Lauds Department are invited to give their cordial co-operation, and although tho report will bo independent of thein, it cannot but reflect tho matured opinions of those exporionced gentlemen. Legislative Ruffianism.'— One thing being possiblo which should not havo been, ono thing to bo dono which should not havo been done, o courso it follows, as tho night tho day, that tho coarse-as-thoy-can-be brothers. Messrs. Buchanan and M'Elhono, did it. Ono must confess it does not say much far tlio strong party behind Mr., Stuart, that I.liov nonld Hit, and listen to. Iliucll less apparently approve, tho ruffianly insults shovelled with truo scavenger skill by these two worthy companions on tho heads of the fallen. No larri kin mob were ovor braver in their favourite exploit of ' kicking the faco off' a man when he is down. No Zulu was over savager in mutilating his slain than were those Mohawks of tlio Hortse in their frantic efforts to outvio oach other in filthiest abuse of 111011, whatever their faults, far better than themselves. Of course the exhibition was as stupid as disgusting. If anything could havo won for tho beaten Government tho sympathy even of thoir conquorors, it might have been the cruel indignities so ruthlessly hurlod at their necessarily defenceless heads from tho safo distance of tho back Opposition bonch. To bo suro tho indignities were as contomptiblo as cruel ; but tho four statues on tho front Govornmont seat must have been statues indeed to sit quite unmovod undor that torrent of abuse. Unmoved, howovor, to all outward appearance, they did sit, and it scarcely says much for the courage of thoir frionds (if they havo any) that not ono had tho pluck to sit with them. It is tho fact that through tho whole storm of revolting ruffianism tho only men to face it woro tho l'reinior, Sir John (gay and bright as tho flower in his. buttonhole), Mr. Lackoy, and Mr. Suttor; and vory well, with not a friend beside or bohind thoin, thoy did faco, it, as it only could bo faco, with the calm; of con tompt. — ' Echo.! ? Sir William Jervois was ontoi'tatnod at a banquet at Adelaide on Friday, prior to his going to JS'ew Zoaland as Governor there, ' The New Speak kk. —Mr ' (says the ' Echo') is tlio Speaker d k m''.0' Astombly — ' First Common-r of H» J g !U|Ve tho old stylo has it-ami a 1 who Vri '1 'ry' 81 assured, with the Premier in his verv l™ 'n,.#T# speech, that thero need bo ' no fear of the? f'0- Novcr beforo has r0 vomitr a n-inT ' e result,' a distinction, and very sterlinn'1^ ^ , SP h-eh qualities which so early have marked hi tho 'bo man of all others niost litte 1 ,1 ?'t « great council of hi- country In 11,' ? perfectly elm, collected ,7an„ ' i, ' h ft -»'' ns sudden and quite nnexpeetetf ^ oif .honors,' there win yood earnest of t e „ , ,''° d.Riiity proper to' his „C; ^ ^ ° ^ Buchanan, as in his last attempt at r.w ivilJ * met that steady eye, must have fell that iniderit new Speaker a now order of tlio (lav was 11 1 r„n construed to .ngnify that evory household 1 ' bo supplied with Udolpbo Wolfe's -s 1,' ? Aromatic Schnapps. The wnndcrM cordial', fir not drive away want, but it will certainlv „ ''i number of physical ailments. ^ IJono wa y's _ Pills aro admirably adapted for the euro of diseases incidental to females Af dillorent perioils of life women are subject to c/im ? plaints winch require a peculiar medicine and it i, now an indisputable fact (hat there is ,ZV su„blo for such complaints as ^ 1 hoy aro invaluable to females of all' a»cs vo w regu hto'Tlm s''' Th°y W«S i emulate tho Hucrotiona, correct all suaDeiulJ ''' ^ S tl 