liOCAL NEWS. Tns Mr. W. Littlo whoso death by drowning at Inskip Point we reported lant week, was not, it now appears, tho 'Billy Little' of Charters Towers mining oirclcs, but a well-known jour nalist, Walter Little, who some three years ago, spent a few weeks in Maryborough on tho stuff of our- local contemporary. Tho Jirisbant Courier of Monday last reports the sad occur rence thus : — Tho death by drowning of Mr. Walter Little, a Queensland iournali6t. was re ported on Saturday by Captain Nicholas of tbo steamor Polly. The pimple record runs thuB : — ' At 10 p.m. on the 10th instant, while the steamer Polly waB lying at anchor in Tiucan Bay, a passengor named W. Little got over board. A boat was lowered immediately, and search was made for about half-an-hour, but tho night being very dark, nothing was scon of him.' On making inquiries we learn that poor Littlo took passage in tho Polly at Mackay for Brisbane. Ho was observed at the time to be in a very weak state ; this condition did not improve, and anxiety was manifested by the sailors for his safety. On Thursday night he appeared to have becomo worso and slightly delirious. The sailors on watch laid him upon some tarpaulins and kopt guard over him. At 10 p.m. the watch was relieved, and during the momentary absence of tbe sailors ho rose from his rough couch and going aft leaped ovor tho side into the sea, uttering a sharp cry as ho foil. In an instant tho men were at the spot, and just caught a glimpse of him at tbe vessel's 8 tore. Tho rest is recorded above. It is about five years since Mr. Littlo camo to Queensland from England — where, in addition to connec tion with the Press, he had held a position as a tutor in Epsom Mcdical College. Wo under stand, also, that ho residod in Demerara for some time, and whilst there acquired consider able knowledge of sugar cultivation. In Queensland he has, as reporter, sub-editor, or editor, been connocted with the Press in Bris bane, Ipswich, Gympie, Rockhampton, and Mackay. Those who knew him best can tell of his gonial companionable qualities and of his , generous disposition, and will regret his sad und untimely fate. Judging from certain letters road at the Municipal Couucil meeting yesterday, the Cor poration wharves aro very much in request, and have a suddenly enhanced value which can only bo roduccd to actual figures by means of an auction sale of tho lease. Tho recent advance- j ment in the shipping trade of this port ha? I brought forcibly [under notice tho poverty of j Maryborough in the matter of wharfage accom- i modation, and tho bide now being made for | possession of the Corporation wharves indicates that something must be done very soon to ex- i tend facilities for tbe discharging of vessels voyaging hither. It appears toierabl}' certain i that tho two steam Companies now identified with tho Maryborough trade are likely before long to liavo a third competitor for public favor in the Queensland Shipping Company. This : firm, as is already known, do not consider their steamers Polly, Taldora and Gunga sufficient ! for their requirements j so contracts are issued for several new and commodious steamships for ! the Queensland coasting trade. It is known that these new boats will make Maryborough a ; regular port of call, and wharfage accommoda- j tion for them will have to be provided some- | where. , The usual weekly meeting of the Marybo' I rough Hospital Committee was bold yesterday ! afternoon, Messrs. H. Polmer, M.L.A. (Chair- j man), T. Dickins, J. E. Clayton, aud W. ! Southerdcn being present. A telegram was read from Mr. R. Gray, Uuder Colonial Secre tary, asking what further subscriptions the committee espccted to receive up to tho end of June. The Secretary was authorised to s' ate £200 as the likely sum. A letter from tho secretary of the Union Foundry Sick and Aeci dentFund, enclosing a donation of £5 was re ceived with thanks. It was regretted that owing to the absence of several of tbe local clergy, and a wunt of publicity, Hospital Sun day had passed by without much response to tho appeal on behalf of the institution, and it was resolved that the clergy in town be re ! quested to set apart next Sunday as Hospital Sunday, and should they agree so, thefaot will be duly made public. Several benevolent cases were considered, and relief given. Dr. Sugden recommended that an inmate, William Tullocb, be forwarded lo tbo Dunwicb Benevolent I Asylum. 'The following are the returns for the week ending yesterday Remaining last week, , 30; since admitted, 7 ; discharged, 11 ; died, 0 ; now remaining — males, 25 ; females, 7 : total, 32 ; outpatients, '20 ; total treated, 63, The adjourned annual court of the Licensing Bench was held at noon yesterday, before Messrs. H. R Buttansbaw, P.M., J. Purser, P. Ramsay, J. Annear, and N. Tootb, JJ.P. The following cases, postponed from last meeting,] were adjudicated upon : — Applications for general publicans renewal : Thomas Hayden, Rising Sun Hotel, Richmoni-street, granted; William Nash, Sawyer's Arms, Saltwater Creek Road, granted ; Joseph Pincher, Metropolitan Hotel, Kent-street, granted ; Thomas Smith, Southern Cross Hotel, Lennox-street, granted. For removal of general publican's license : Thos. Hayden, from the Rising Sun Hotel, Richmond street, to tbe Oxford Hotel, Richmond-street, granted j Mr. H. Walker appeared for tho ap plicant. For new general publican's license : Francis Weinheimer, Rising Sun Hotel, refused. Country publican's renewal: William Cox, Garryowen Hotel, Donnybrook, Bundaberg 1 Road, granted ; Walter Woodman, Horse and Plough Hotel, Stockyard Creek, granted. Tbe Court then rose. | A MEETING' of the All Nations Gold Mining Company was held at the Secretary's Office, Wharf-street, yesterday morning. It was re solved that Mr. Charles Well, of Sydney, should lie requested to get analysed two samples of the five tons of stone sent down lately for assay, and also to have part of the stone crushed at the Sydney Mint, if advisable. Mr. Wei's is re quested to sell tho balanco of stone at a fair value, should he be able to obtain a purchaser. A letter was read from tho manager of tho mine at Boolboonda, stating that he had put all hands on the Eastern crosscut, and that as tboy were in good ground bo hoped to strike ihe reef in four or five feet. The Directors resolved to take stops to recover all outstanding calls. The re- imposition of tolls on the Mary borough bridge is no longer a visionary ghost. The Municipal Council yestorday resolved to take tho matter into their own hauds and impose tolls at tho same rate, except in nne item, as ruled in formor years before tho Mary- i borough bridge became a free institution. The date on which tho tolls will first be levied is not | yot fixed. Dwellers on tho other side of tho ! river will not view the obnoxious tax with feelings of joy, but ' what can't bo cured must bo endured.' A BisTU&x; cricket match bctwem the St. Helens r.nd East Maryborough schools was I ltycd on Saturday, when the latter, reinforced by Rome Maryborough crackp, won by ton wickots. A school fi-ast was included in the day's proceedings. About 140 children parti clpiited atid thoroughly, enjoyed the good things provided. Cheers for Mr. aud Mrs. Skinner brought a pleasant day to a close. Tub R.M.S. Merkbara has made fair time in steaming down the Quoenslaud coast,. Her mails were delivered atRoekhanv/.ton yesterday, and the Maryborough portion transhipped i-o tho Koilawarm. Tho hitter msd leftut 5 p.m., and may bo expected to arrive here some time this evening. Tub bazaar furniture was boldly attacked and cleared away yestorday morning. The total recoipts during the fivo days woro nearly £5-X). The ladies' committee will shortly deoide how to dispose of the unsold articlos, by Art Union or otherwise. Two of the crew of the ship Maulesden and one of the immigrants were brought up by the You Yangs yesterday in oustody. They will appear before the Bench charged with stealing preserved milk during the voyage, and selling it to the passengers. 