THE NOVELIST. ANNE. From " Iarper's Monthly." CBAPTEI? II. (Continued). "Brazen-face!" said Miss Lois, pushing him away. But any one could see that she did like him. 'f Of course I may go, father ?" said Tita, without stirring, but looking at him steadily. " I suppose so," he answered, slow ly ; " that is, if Erastus will tiake care of you." ' Will you take care of me, Erastus?' asked the soft voice. "Don't be absurd, Tita ; of course he will," said Miss Lois shortly. " He will see to you as well as to the other children." And then Douglas turned and left the room. Erastus, or Rast, as he was called, went back to his place beside tAne. He was a remarkably handsome youth of seventeen, with bright blue eyes golden hair, a fine spirited outlinea laughing mouth, and impetuous, quick movements; tall, as a young sapling, his figure was almost too slender for its height, but so light and elastic that one forgave the fault, and forgot, in one look at the mobile face, still boyish in s3ite of the maturity given by the hard cold life of the North. " iWhy have we not heard of this dance before, Erastus ?" asked Miss Lois, ever mindful and tenacious of a dignity of position which no one dis puted, but which was none the loss to her a subject of constant and belliger ent, watchfulness-one by which she gauged the bow of the shop-keeper, the nod of the passing islander, the salute of the little half.breed boys who had fish to sell, andl even the guttural ejaculations of the Chippewas who came to her door offering pota toes and Indian sugar. "r Because it was suggested only a few hours ago, up at the fort. I was dining with Dr. Gaston, and Walters came across from the commandant's cottage and told me. Since then I have been hard at Work with them, decorating and lighting the ball-room.' "Which one of the old shells have you taken ?" asked Miss Lois. I hope the roof will not come down on our heads." " We have Larrabee's; that has the best floor. And as to coming down on our heads, those old warehouses are strornger than you imagine, Miss Lois. HIivu you never noticed their great beams?" * "I have noticed their toppling fronts and their slanting sides, their bulg ings out and their leanings in," repli ed Miss Lois, nodding her head em plhatically. "The leaning tower of Pisa, you know, is pronounced stronger than other towers that stand erect," said tast. "That old brown shell of Larn abee's is jointed together so strong ly that I venture to predict it will outlive us all. We might be glad of such joints ourselves, Miss Lois." "If it will only not come down on our heads to-night, that is all I ask of its joints," replied Miss Lois. Soon after seven o'clock the ball opened : darkness had already lain over the island for nearly three hours, andtlhe evening seemed well advauc ed; O' Qh, Tita i" said Anne as the child stepped out of her long cloak, and stood revealei, clad in. a fantastic. short skirt of black cloth barred with scarlet, and a little scarlet bo.ice, "Ithat dress is too thin, and be sides-" l ("She looks like a circus-rider," said Miss Loi·, in dismay. " Why did you allow it, Anne ?" "I knew nothing of it," rep'ied the elder sister, with a distressed expres sion on her face, but, as..usual, not reproving Tita. . "It is the little fancy dres-tthe fort ladies, mde for her last summer wheni they ihad table aux. It is too late to go bank now she must wear it, I suppose; perhaps in the crowd it will not Le noticed." Tita, unmoved, had walked mean while over to the heartih, and sitting down on th 3 floor before tlhet re, was taking off hersnow-boots and donning her new slippers, apparently uncon scions of remark. 'Ihe scene was a striking one, or would have been to a stranger. The lower floor of the warhouse had been swept anrd hastily garnished with ever greens, and all the flags the little fort coultl muster; at eachl end on a broad hearth a great fire of logs roared up the old chimney, and helped to light thie room, a soldhier standing guard beside it; anrrd hepirng up the flame by throwing on wod every now and thlen from the heap in the cornmtr near by. Oandles were ranged along the w?lls, and lanterns hung from the beams above; all that thie island c.,uld do in the way of illuiminatin had bIen don°. The result was a pictut e'que mingling of light and saI:a'e aus tihe dancers came into the ruddy gloam of the fires and passed out agaeo, now seen for a morment in the taler ray of a candle farther down the hall, now lost in the shadows which everywhere sw'pt across the great b;own roomn from side to side, like broad- winged ghosts resting in mid-air and looking down upon the revels. ''Thie music came :from six French fiddlers, four young, gaily dressed fellrws, and two grizzled, withered old men, and they played the tunes of the century befhre, and played them with all their might and main. The l;ttle fort, a one- company post, was not entitled to a band ; but there were, as u'ual, one or two German musicians among the enlisted men, and these now stood near thire French fiddlers and watchied them with slow curiosity, fingering now and then in imagination the great brass icstruments, which were to them the keys of melody, and dreaming over again the happy days when they, too, played "with the band." B3ut the six French fiddlers cared nothing for the Germans: they held thenm selves far above thIe common soldiers o~ the fort, and despisedl alike their cropped hair, their ideas, tlheir uni forms, and the strict rules t.lhey were obliged to obey. Thley fiddled away with their eyes cast up to the dark beams above, and their tunes rang in that shrill, sustained, rlinging treble which no instrument save a violin can give. Thie entire upper circle of so ciety was present, and a sprinkriling of the second; for the young officers cared more for dancing than for eti quette, and a pretty young French girl was in their minds of more con sequence than even the five Misses Macdougall with all their blood, which must have been, however, of a thin, althoughi, of course, precious, quality, since between the whole five there seemed scarcely enough for one. The five were there, however, in green plaided delaines with broad lace col lars and large fiat shell-cameo breast pins with scroll-work settings: they presented an imposing appearance to the eyes of all. The father of these ladies, long at rest from his ledgers, was in his day a prominent resident official of thre Fur Company; his five maiden daughters lived on in the old house, and occupied themselves prin pally in remembering him. Miss Lois seated herself beside these ac knowledged heads of society, and felt that she was in her proper sphere. The dance-music troubled her ears, but she endured it manfully. " A gay scene, she observed, gazing through her spectacles. The five Misses Macdougall bowed acquiescence, and said that it was fairly gay; indeed, rather too gay, owing to more of a mingling than they approved, but- nothing, ah! nothing, to the magnificent entertain ments of times past, vwhich had often been described to them by their res pected parent. (They never seemed to have but one.) "Of course you will dance, Anne ?" said Rast Pronando. She. smiled an assent, and. they were soon among the dancers.. Tita left alone, followed them with her eyes as they passed out of the fire light and were lost in the crowd and the sweeping shadows. Then she made her way, close to the wall, down to the other end of the long room, where the commandant's wife and the fort ladies sat in state, keeping, up the dignity of what might be called the military end of the apartment. Here she sought the brightest light she could find, and placed herself in it carelessly, and as though by chance, to watch the dsncors. " Look at that child," said the cap tain's wife. " What an odd little thing it is !" "It is Tita Douglas, Anne's little sister," said Mrs. Bryden, the wife of the commandant. "I am surprised they allowed her to come in that tableau dress." " There is Anne now, and dancing with young Pronando, of course," said the wife of one of the lieutenants. " Dr. Gaston thinks there is no one. like Anne Douglas," observed ?vlrs. Bryden. " He has educated her al most entirely; taught her Latin and Greek, and all sorts of things. Her father is a musical genius, you know, and in one way the girl knows all about music; in another, nothing at all. Do you think she is pretty, Mirs. Cromer ?" Mrs. Cromer thought " Not at all; too large, and-unformed in every way." "I sometimes wonder though. why she is not pretty," said Mirs Bryden in a musing tone. " She ought to be." "t But do look at young Pronando," said the captain's wife. " How hand some he is to night !" '' An Apollo Belvedere," said the wife of the lieutenant, who, having rashly allowed herself to spend a summer at West Point, was now liv ing on the remem berances. But although the military element presided like a court circle at one end of the, room, and the .five Misses Macdougall and Miss Lois like an ele ment of first famiilies at the other, the intrvcnin"g space was well filled with a rn otely assemblage-lithe young giils nih sparkling black. eyes and Friech vivacity, matrons with a shade nore of brown in their complexions, and withered old grandams who sat on benches along the walls, and look ed on with a calmn dignity of silence wliich'came from Saxon blood. In terminglei Iwere youths of rougher aspect but of fine mercurial tempera monts,' .who danced with all their hearts.as well as bodies,' and kept ex act time with the music throwing in fancy steps froan pure love of it as they whirlod ';ghtly down the hall with their laughing:partneis.' There were a few'young men -of Scotch de scent present also, clerks in the stores, and. superinitendents of the fisheries which now formed the only business of the once thriving frontier village. These woreoenisidered by island par ents of tihe better class desirable suitors for their daughters-far pre ferable to the young officers who suc ceedud each other rapidly at the little fort, with attachmnents delightful, but as transitory as themselves. It was noti, ealle, however, that the daught ers thought-otherwise. Near the door way in the shadow a crowd of Indians had gathered, while almost all of the cotmmon soldiers from the fort, on one pretext or another, were in the hall attending to the fires and I ghts, or acting as self-appointed police. Even Chaplain Gaston looked in for a mo ment, and etaid an hour; and later in the evening the tall form of Pore Michaux appeared, clad in a furred mantile,; a black silk cap crowning his silver hair. Tita immediately left her place and went to meet him, bending her head with an air of deep reverenc e " See the child, --how theatrical !' said Mrs. Cromer. " Yes.- Still, the Romanists do bo he rin all kinds of amusement, and even'ask a blessing on it," said the lieutenanti's wife. " It was not that-it was the little air and attitude of devoutness thlat I meant. See the puss now !" But the puss was triumphant at last. One of the younger officers had noted her solemin lictle salutation in front of the priest, and now approached to ask her to dance, curious to see what man ner of child this small creature could be. In another moment she was whirling down the hall with him, her dark face flushed, her eyes radiant, her dancing exquisitely light and ex act. She passed Anne and Rast with a sparkling glance, her small breast throbbing with a swell of satisfied vanity that almost stopped her breath. "There is Tita," said the elder sister, rather anxiously. "I hope Mr. Walters will not spoil her with his flattery." " There is no danger; she is not pretty enough," answered Rest. A flush rose in Anne's face. "You do not like my little sister,'" she said. " Oh, I do not dislike her," said Rast. "T could not dislike anything that belonged to you," he added, in a lower tone. She smiled as he bent his handsome head toward her to say this. She was fond of Rast; he had been her daily companion through all her life; she scarcely remembered anything in which he. was not concernes, from her first baby walk in the woods, back of the fort, her first ride in a dog-sledge on the ice, to yesterday's consultation over the chapel evergreens. The six French fiddlers played on; they knew not fatigue. In imagina tion they had danced every dance. Tita was taken out on the floor several times by the officers, who were amused' by her little airs and her small elfish face: she glowed with triumph Anne had but few invita tions, save from Rast; but his were continuous; she danced all the even ing. At midnight Miss Lois and the Misses Macdougall formally rose, and the fort ladies sent for their wrapp ings : the ball, as far as the first circle was concerned, was ended. Hut long afterward the sound of the fiddles was still. heard, and it may be surinis ed that the second circle was having its turn, possibly not without a sprink. ling of the third also. (Concluded). 