MY FIRST EXPERIENCE OF OUR COUNTRY HOUSE. Owino to financial pressure in the Bhapo of heavy lossoa abroad, I accepted the offer of an old-fashioned furnished house in the country, which had been ten yoars untenanted, as a residence in the meantime to save the expenses of town life; and thither, in a cold and stormy November day, amid torrents of rain, I sot out along with all I held most dear on earth —my family. That comprised my wife and three young children. As we left our cheery town nouse for the last time, many a heavy thought oppressed me, on account of .those dependent on me, at the waywardness of Fortune, and the “ ups and downs" of life; and especially as to what she might still have in store for us. Wo had a long drive in a comfortable close conveyance, hired at the nearest railway town, from the windows of which the children were delighted to watch the new scenery as we drove along. The smallest littlo darling of tho three, just eight months old, was as com fortable in his wraps and furs as if he were at the warmest fireside. At longth wo found oursolves at the door of our new house, far in the heart of the country. Dreary and soli tary enough it looked, standing by itself at tho foot of a slope, with its short avenue'of trees leading up to the door. Soon, however, we were inside, and roaring fires in every room helped to raise our spirits and dissipate the gloom, by imparting that cheeriness which fires only can give. Next morning, on exploring our new quar ters, wo found that their appearance did not altogether belie thoir weird and ghostly repu tation. Some stories wo had heard about tho house being haunted, as the reason of its re maining so long unoccupied, wo of course only laughed at. The walls were of enormous thickness, and several of the rooms panelled. Already within tho panelling, tho rats and mice, apprised of the signs of habitation by tho fires which had been put in several days before our arrival, once again began to hold their revels. The main passage was narrow, ' the stairs of stone—one stair leading from the middle floor up to the bedrooms above, containing the publio rooms j the other down to tho kitchen range of rooms below, most of which were really below ground, damp and dark, with their walls glistening with moisture. This latter stair led off tho lobby near the entrance, and the very idea of descending it gave one a shudder. Upstairs the walls were sloped in over the bedrooms, and so as to givo them a square shape, a part of tho width had been' cut off by partitions next tho gable, which left a large dark empty space all round between wall and partition, enough, as the proprietor said, to accommodate half a regi ment of infantry. This, however, had the one advantrge of keeping the rooms dry. At the back of the house a clear brook rippled along, Bubject to rise and fall with every shower of rain. For four or five days the storm that had ushered us in, continued, but at length one morning a dear, bright sun broke out over the landscape, showing us, from tho top of the slope, onr insular position with the Ger man ocean on three sides in the distance. Sea-coast towns were also scattered along tho shore at intervals, and there appeared a pretty undulating country sparsely planted with trees, without village or hamlet anywhere to be seen among the large cultivated fields, ex cept the big farm steadings that appeared hero and there at considerable distances apart. As time passed, and we settled down in our now abode, I found that tho days did not hang so heavily on my hands as I expected, what with the increasing acquaintanceship with very kind and pleasant neighbours, and shooting (kindly granted me by the proprietor) among hares, partridge, &o.;, and especially at large flocks of geese which had taken a fancy to the neighbourhood. The children enjoyed the country freedom immensely, and the rores daily deepened in thoir cheeks from tho strong ocean air some seven hundred feet above the sea level. One day I was engaged putting up a swing for Maud and Will, to their great delight, in the shed that adjoined tho house at the back —an old building of two stories, the lower one of which had open arches, and the upper, once used as a granary, was approached by a trap stair. All at once I noticed through the pane of the outside kitchen door, that led into tho long passage of that floor, tho flutter of a child’s dress I well knew, and, at the same moment, a shadow as of someone rapidly passing. Hardly believing my eyes, I looked again, knowing that no one went down to that now disused floor, the outer door of which remained locked, and least of all that the baby would be taken there. There was nothing now to be seen. Our one servant, I knew, had left for an afternoon holiday, and would not be back for some hours. With a shiver running all over mo, half congealing my blood, I flew to tho door and looked along the narrow passage, but nothing was visible. The furthest end door that opened to the staircase leading to the publio rooms above still remained closed. I kicked at the out side door, but nothing save tho echo replied; so I next rushed to the low kitchen window and looked in. All was undisturbed there and motionless! The cobwebs still crossed the doors and corners just as they had wont to be. Taking the two children with mo, I hurried round to the front of tho house, whore I found their mother at tho front door, with her knitting, enjoying tho bright sun shine. Quickly telling her what I had Been as calmly as I could, though not too care fully, as the rising pallor on her face betokened, I hurriedly asked where she had left baby. Before I had half done she was flying upstairs, followed by me, to baby’s room, where, as she said, she had loft him quietly sleeping in his cot. Tho cot was empty! Our darling was away. The clothes even were gone. With a moment's dolay, after a rapid glance through the adjoining rooms, we hurried downstairs, \- down the second flight _to the dark, damp, kitohen floor, and from" room to room wo flew, but not a trace of our darling. I had then to carry poor Helen upstairs—she had fallen fainting on the floor. I laid her on a couoh, and endeavoured to recover her, in [ho first place. For some time she remained in a dazed state, and then, as recollection gradually camo back, I urged tho necessity of her keeping up till wo had made a thorough search for our child, os, from tho time I had seen his dress, it was impossible he could be anywhero but still in the house. With the clear and rapid “instinct" with which she saw most things, sho mado tho effort needed, and which, X could seo at tho time, was al most beyond her strength. Again wo searched and searched, in tho house, round about tho house, and overywhoro whero there was the faintest possibility that the child could bo concealed, but in vain; and how tho time passed from tho moment we first missed him (about three in the afternoon) till darkness began to close in on a short winter day, I can yet but faintly imagine. Going round onco more to the back of the house for the twentieth time, all of a sudden a ..faint glimmer of light from across the hrookcaught my eye,, along with: what-I-felt- , certain was tho flutter of a child's dross. It seemed in tho dusk to be only a few hundred yards off. Without waiting a moment, and dreading to utter an alarm, I sprang across tho brook, through tho deep swamp and rushes beyond, and, reaching tho hard firm meadow, flow along in tho direction of tho light, of which another glimmer again directed mo. The light, I could seo, was moving mwards, and as I increased my pace I found 1 was distinctly gaining on it. A fresh glim mer now and again kept mo right, and I only teared breaking down ere it could bo over taken. So husbanding my strength as well is my excitement would allow, I kept up the pace, determined to succeed if it cost mo my last breath. Gradually, as the chase con tinued, tho light drew nearer, tho glimmer stronger, and tho flutter of the child’s dress now proved a certainty. A few minutes more and X must be up with it. I thought, too, I could distinguish in the darkness the outline of a man; but, so thick had the gloom now become, this might have been fancy, as no gleam that lit up tho child's dress ever fell on tho figure. I'or a few seconds I noticod the light linger at one sjiot, move up and down, then again move rapidly on. But now, for tho first time, I lost sight of tho white dress. In a second or two more I was up to the place where tho light had lingered. This brought mo alongside a broad straggling whin fence, well known to me as a good cover for partridge. While rushing past, a conscious ness of something whito amongst the furze arrested my steps, and pushing in among thorn I bent down over wlmt seemed a mass of white like a snow drift, in tho midst of which, sound asleep, and comfortable and cosy in his warm blankets and rug, as if he wore still in his cot, I discovered our darling 1 Even the blankets had been drawn carefully up round his soft warm face, to allow just enough room for air without the least danger of cold. As X pressed my face to tho little round cheeks, and felt the warm breath coming and going, tho revulsion was so great, coupled with the exhaustion of my run of over a mile, that I could only at tho moment sink down beside him. I dared not yet trust myself to carry him back, anxious as I felt about those at nopie. While resting with him in my arms I noticed the light growing fainter and fainter till it disappeared in the distance. At length, when sufficiently recovered, I rose with my newly-found treasure, to try and re trace my steps homeward in tho now pitchy darkness. Carefully I groped my way back, holding him close to me, and feeling as if tho . time were an ago ere I could return to ex change the grief there for joy. The light from an upper window of the house guided me, otherwise in the thick darkness I might have lost my way. At length the ripple of the brook at the back-door met my ears, and recrossing care fully I found myself once more at the back of the house besido the swing, and at the first scene of tho mysterious disappearance, an event never to bo forgotten, though ending so happily. On coming round to tho front all was quiet, tho outer door still open, tho lower lamps unlit, and not a sound even of the children’s voices to be heard. I dreaded the sudden effect of tho discovery of her darling on Helen, and my sole anxiety now was how I could break the glad news to her as gently as possible. So, quietly ascending the stair, I reached her room, found its door ajar, and looked in. There she was, seated at a table, her head bont forward on her hands, and per fectly motionless. Maud and Will were sit ting on tho hearthrug subdued and silent, looking wistfully up towards their mother. Softly entering tho room I signed to the children, who at onco saw me, to keep silont, and as softly I laid him down onco more in his cot. As his cheek touched tho pillow a smile crept over his face as if even in a dream he felt ho was again in safety. And then crossing the room I sat quietly down beside his mother. Sho seemed in a sort of stupor, out of which only slowly and with difficulty I succeeded in rousing her, and by degrees, as she caught my cheerful tone, a new light seemed to break in upon her, and she looked me straight in tho face. Thore was no use my attempting to dissemble. Tho look of good news was too plain to be hidden, though I feared at first the effect of tho reaction. Be fore I had half told my tale sho caught the meaning looks of the children, and gave one swift glance towards the cot. In an instant sho was there, and for a moment the over whelming joy was almost as overpowering ns the grief. As the little subject of all this care was loaded with caresses ho opened his big black eyes with a smile of welcome all round; and as each in turn got a share of his smiles we could hardly realise that the past had not all been a dream. How our house was changed from one of sorrow to one of joy tliut evening X can still well remember. Never after that was baby left for one minute alone, nor was there ever a chance given of that day’s history being repeated. Early next morning we made a thorough search of the house from room to room, but nowhere could we obtain a clue to any secret door or passage that might throw light on the mystery. After tho foregoing experience it may bo supposed I would fain have changed our residence had not strong pecuniary reasons stood in the way, and besides I had a strong desire sooner or later to be at the bottom of the mystery. As tho above events began to lose their vividness, without any fresh incident to ex cite suspicion, time passed pleasantly on. One day as I was round in the shed cutting up some trees, which a recent storm had blown down, with Maud and Will playing by, I suddenly became aware of the shadow once more crossing tho kitchen-door. This time, however, it was alone. Our baby, I knew, was too well watched to bo spirited away again. In a moment I was at the door, look ing in along the dark passage; but all was empty there 1 Instead, however, now of rush ing round to tho front of the house, as I did before, and giving tho alarm, I kept watch, and sent Maud quietly round to give infor mation. Keeping Will by mo, I watched Maud till she reached the front of tho house, whero I had left her mother with the ser vant, attending baby in his perambulator. They were all soon round, and, pointing out to Helen a knoll at a little dis tance, whioh commanded a view of three sides of the house, or of any one attempt ing to leave it, I asked her to retire there with the servant (a strong country girl) and ohildren, and keep watch. Hardly had they left when the shadow again crossed the kitohon floor; and immediately afterwards a slight sound in tho granary drew my atten lion, Unnble to keep back longer, or delay lor tha Bending of a neighbour, which was iny first idea, I sprang up the trap Btair and listened.. In a little the sound was ropcatcd, now distinctly as of a door closing, and then ceased; but no traco could I find of door or opening of any kind. I took care that, from whero I stood, I could still see the group on the knoll. Striking on the wall whence tho sound seemed to have proceeded, a faint ap parent echo reached me j but this, I thought, could bo traced to a distinct separate sound, llopcating tho blow again and again on dif ferent parts of tho wall, at last a hollow sound seemed to answer the stroke, and simultaneously, a part of tho wall I had not noticed before, to tho side, and nearer the gable, opened slightly, disclosing a long narrow rent. Another stroke oh the same place, I found, was on a stone that yielded to pressure, and showed a widening orovicc. With further pressure on tho stone, which appeared to bo connected with the door by a spring, it reachccL.at last its full width, and disclosed a narrow'door in tho wall, from .-fb rV-Mge-ifjth; a ;d«k;jiito»a,«tafa,r. case led downwards.' Tilth"staircAse’ was just wide enough for one man to crush through. Without hesitating, and with a sort of desperation, due partly, perhaps, to my entiro unbelief in ghosts, I entered tho passage and began to descend tho steps, after taking the precaution to get a heavy lump of wood and leave it in tho doorway to prevent ony accidental closing. As I wont down tho narrow staircase, a slight ruBtlo from below told mo pretty surely I should find somo one there. Eacli stop now brought me nearer the object of my search; while tho flicker of light that presently eamo from below showed me I was nearer tho foot of the stair. In another second or two I found myself in a narrow passage at tho foot, faintly lit by a crevice in tho wall, and with tho figuro of a man dimly visible boforo mrj There we stood confronting each other, not a sound to bo heard but the breathing of each. After somo moments had passed thus in dead silence, I put out my loft hand to feel what sort of wall resisted me on that side, and, if possiblo, let in some light, and struck against what seemed to bo tho wooden panel ling of a room. Tho movement caused no change in my vis-a-vis. Next placing my back against one side of the passage, I put my foot against the pannclling, and tried to force open a deal; but in vain. It was too strong to yield to my pressure. Still tho figure remained motionless. I then bethought myself of my box of “ vestas," which, as a smoker, I always carried, and struck a light. As the darkness fled, and tho wliolo passage became visible, with the figure in it, whom anil what did I see? For a little I could hardly believe my eyes, and wondered if I, too, were in a dream. A man, certainly, in full flesh and blood, and no ghost, was there, motionless still, his head slightly bent, and eyes fixed on vacancy as in a dream. No sign of seeing me, or of the least alarm at my presence, appeared in his face. But what was strangest of all remains to be told. The faco was that of an honest carpenter of our neighbourhood, whom I well knew as a very respectable steady man. I lmd heard ho lmd been in the lmbit of disappearing now and then from his house at night for a day or two at a time, and of returning again by night as quietly as ho left; while ho either refused, or was unable to give ony account of his absence. The truth was now plain. The man was a somnambulist. There, too, was the lantern in his hand, still unlit, which, on tho former occasion, had guided me by its light. On being addressed, he seemed at first to come " back to himself" slightly, as if half aware of my presence, and of being caught, but again lapsed into his dreamy state. Going up to him I hade him follow me, which he quietly did, up the stair case, and out by the way I hud entered, till ho appeared at the foot of the trap stair in tho presence of tho wondering group on the grass, who were now getting anxious about my absence. Telling the man quietly to go home, and to | be careful never to repeat his intrusion, ho unhesitatingly took tno straight road home, and walked steadily away. The effect of the discovery on Helen, her speechless astonish ment and relief at the same time, at such a very practical and homely solution of tha robbery of her baby, may be imagined. Tho man, it appeared, was liable to be affected differently at different times. Sometimes he had more than his ordinary waking wits about him in a certain groove, in the form of an invincible cunning enabling him to elude discovery, and baflling all attempts at trac ing him. At intervals he had always disap peared during the night, the somnambulism appearing to continue for one or two days at a time. His mode of ingress has been de scribed ; and I found, on carefully examining the passage, that while one end of it led down from the granary, as mentioned, the other led up at the back of a pannelling by a flfght of steps to tho rooms above, into which he ob tained entrance by a sliding deal in the dark enclosure between rooms and gable. The man was -about fifty-five, had resided in the district since childhood, and became ac quainted with tlmsecret passage in the course ot some repairs, of which he alone had charge —a secret he kept to himself. I afterwards learnt that he had gradually awoke on his way home, probably from the disturbing in fluences he had encountered j while the warn ing given him under his somnambulism had its effect. At the same time, needless to say, I had tho secret passages firmly built up, so that no one might again be subjected, cither to secret intrusion, or to those hours of sus pense wo underwent between the losing and finding of our child. And thus ends my first experience of our country house.—W. S. in London Society. UDRSTIXG OF A Sind BY SWELLIXO OF CAKGO. Tin; Gazette Maritime el Commerciale, in its nows regarding ocean disasters, relates tho following curious example of tho formidable power of molecular forces. Tho Italian ship Francesca, loaded with rice, put into port on May 11, at East London, leaking considerably. A large force of men was at once put on board to pump out the water contained in the ship, and to unload her j but, in spite of all the activity exerted, the bags of rice soaked in water gradually, and swelled lip. Two days afterward, on May 13, the ship was violently burst asunder by this swelling of her cargo. —La Nature. THE SEVEN KIDDLES OF TIIB WORLD. Prof. Du Bois-lloymond is one of the most prominent members of tho Berlin Academy of Sciences. When ho delivers his more pop ular lectures, thero is not a lecture-room in Berlin large enough to accommodate his hear ers. He is far from being a theist; still less is he a Christian. In an address delivered by him on “ The Limits of Natural Science," he propounded what ho called “ Tho Seven lliddlcB of the World”—riddles which have never been explained, and tho majority of which never can be by mechanical laws. Tho first riddle is the nature and essence of matter and force. Tho second is the origin of motion. Tho origin of life is the third. The fourth is the apparent design of naturo. The fifth is the origin of consciousness. Tho sixth is the origin of national thought and language. Tho last is the freedom of tho will. Of this Du Bois-Reymond says: ", Our seventh difficulty is none if one resolves to deny the freedom of the will and to declare the sub jective conviction of freedom as an illusion; otherwise it is inexplioablo." 