[UArTERCTiXVI-. MOTIIri DENISE CONCLUDES IaHER STORY.--Coaatianued. ? Mr. Balcombo b wed--as he would have done to a strange lady, and saidl' I thank you. There is before us a plain duty. We are bound to each other ir revocably, and we cannot part without disgrace. Our grief weo have brought upon ourselves, and must bear in silence. These gates will never again be open to friends. We have done with friendship as we have done with love. Once more I ask you what it is you propose to do I' "'t You will give me these rooms to live in,' said my lady. " 'They are yours,' he replied ; ' unless I am compelled by duty or by circum stances whic:h r do not at present foresee, I will never enter them during your life time'. * "'It is in accordance with my wish,' she said. ' In daylight I will never leave them; only at.nightfall will I walk in tho grounds. Outside the gates I will ncevw inore be seen. People's tongues cannot be stopped, and your acts this day have brought shame upon me. But I repeat, no airect sin lies at my door. I have been misled and betrayed; my life has beeon blighted. I can bear it, and will, nor shall you hear me complain. Will you give mo Denise to wait upon me 7" " She is your servant, and yours only, from this moment.' " Denise,' she said to me, 'are you willing?' " 'Yes, my lady,' I answered; I was almost choked with sobs, while they, out wardly, were calm and unmoved. "' Tihen all that is necessary has been said. Farewell.' And she looked towards the door. S"Hel did not linger a moment. He bowed to her ceremoniously, and left tile room. "When he was gone I felt as if some sudden and fearful shock must take place. as if a thunderbolt wore about to fall and destroy us, or as if my lady would fall dead at my foot. But nothing occurred, and when I had courage to look up I saw smy lady seated in her chair, white and still, .with a resigned and determined expression on her face. It would have c been a groeat relief to me if she had cried, but there was not a tear in her eyes. " ' Do you believe me guilty, Denise ? ' she asked. "' The saints forbid,' I said, ' that such a thought should over cross my mind. I know you to be an innocent suffering lady.' "' You will do asyou have been bidden to do, Denise? While my husband and I are alive you will not speak of what has passed within this room 1' "'Never, my lady,' I said. "And never again was the subject spoken of between us ; she did not refer to it, and I did not dare to do so, although it seldom left my mind. 4 "Well, a new life now commenced for us-a new and dreadful life. Mr. Bal combo denied himself to visitors, and until you came, my lady, no friend of the family ever entered the gates. Mr. Balcombo lived most of his time in his study, writing and reading, and pacing to and fro as he used to do in times gone by. He never made any inquiries about my lady, nor she about him. She lived in these rooms, and in my remembrance did not stir out of them during the day. Master Arthur slept in the inner room there, and was free to run about as he pleased. His was not a happy childhood, for when he began to speak and think, "the estrangement between his parents of course had an effect upon him, and he could obtain no satisfactory replies to his questions. When he was with my lady, it was, 'Mamma, why do you not go and , speak to papal' And when he was with his father, it was, ' Papa, cometo mamma; she wants you to speak to her.' Which was all imagination on his part. What news they had of each other's health and doings came through hinm; they could not put a padlock on the child's tongue. ' Papa, mamma has a bad headache. Et, Papa, mamma was ill in the night.' ' Mammna, papa has been writing and writing all day long. I peeped in through the door,and hoe looked sotired.' 'Mamma, see whllat papa gave me.' 'Papa, I have ran away with this picture mamma has painted. Is it not bostsu tifuls' And so it went on, but the child's eager anxious love brought them no nearer to each other. In the dark saights, when the weather allowed, my lady would walk in the grounds--always alone, and it got to be said, as the moon light shone on her white dress, ' She looks like a white ghost,' or 'she is like a white shadow moving in the moon's light.' Her husband was careful to keep out of her sight when she indulged in her lonely walks; they never made the slightest advance to each other. "I must not forget to tell you what occurred a few months after this estrange e ment. The night was very dark, and I had seen my lady in bed, and as I thought asleep. bIaster Arthur, also, was asleep, Sas I myself was a few minutes after I had nwished my lady good night. There was a light in Mr. Balcombo's study as 1 pulled :.' my blinds down ; he often sat up till late n the morning. I woke up with the sound of the clock striking in my ears. I counted the strokes, from one to twelve. ~} It was midnight. I was such a sound tt sleeper that after counting twelve o'clock i I was surprised at finding myself awake, and I caught myself wondering whether it was the striking of the hour that had aroused me. Gusts of wind were svoep ing round the walls of. the villa. It must have been the wind that disturbed me, I \- thought, and I was on the point of falling asleep again when another sound-an snausual one-made me jump up in bed, wVido awake. It was like a heavy object Sfalling from a height "within tile grounds. ' Can it be robbers,' I thought, 'climbing the gates, and missing their footing ' I was not araid, but I thought it as well to s:': ako my husband,whlo was in the soundest of sle, ps. I told him what I had heard, oand ihe looked out of the window, and said there was nothing to be seen but a .light in our master's study. 'HBe is up . and anake,'enid my husband: 'ahat you ::heard was the wind. Robbers! Thier has nstt been a robbery in tihe neighbour 'hood for thirty years. I pity the robber :thattried to pass our dogs. There, let me go to sleep, and don't disturb me again Swithyour fancies; and get to sleep yourself : as quick as you can; now your head is stir ring, you'llbe fancying all sorts of things.' In another ramou nt hle was snoring. But I found it was not an easy matter getting to sleeoop again myself; I lay thinking, : half awake and half asleep. 1 was glad :my husband Ihad mentioned "ho dogs ; lihe \- was quite right, any stranger trying to -p pass them would have been turn to pieces. SWell, but there was somebody walking on :: the glratelh d path ; I heard the soft foot a stops crunching the stones--not hurriedly but softly and with caution, as though : fearful of disturbing the people in tihe hi?ouse. These sotnds came between the . gusts of wind, lwhichl were growing : stronger and stronger. Then it occurred oto me tIhat it must be my muster, who, "; unable to sleep and disturbed in his mind, was walking about the grounds. Con tented with. this explanation I was soon 1 asleep; for how long I did not know, i for suddenly I found myself sitting up in f amy bed again listening to the wind, and t with a confused impression that a gun I had boon fired. I was trembling all over, but my husband was sleeping peacefully. c I listened, and hearing nothing more i reasoned myself out of my fears; the rest of the night passed without further disturbance. " Bu3 it was not entirely fancy, for In I the morning a 'strange discovery was made. Our two-dogs were dead- poisondd. None of the servants could furnish any - information, not one had been disturbed but myself. Mr. Balcombo was as calm as usual, and the only explanation we could think of was that a robbery had 3 been planned, and that thie robbers had poisoned the dogs, but being hurt by as fall from the wall had gone away without t carrying out their design. There was s nothing missing from the house. When I spoke toMr. Balcombo about my waking up in the night and the soundslhad hoard, i he said-' It must have been chiefly im- I agination on your part, Denish. I was up and awake till four o'clock, and should I know more about the matter than you. Keep your fearsto yourself, and the next time you are disturbed by such fancies and see a light in my window, rest satis- - fied that all is well. I would not speak much of it if I were in your place.' I took his advice, and after a little while the affair was forgotten. " So the years went by in the lonely villa without any changes. My lady grow into the habit of taking her walks later in the night,and nevera word was exchanged between her husband and herself. So oppressive was this state of things that the servants loft one by one, and I darosay T myself should have asked to be relieved from the service had it not been for my affection for my mistress. To live withi her as 1 did for years without growing to love her was not possible.. Her gentle ness, her resignation, her resolution, were almost beyond belief with those who were not a daily witness of her lonely, blame less, suffering life. She never wrote or received a letter; she cut herself away from the world, and these rooms were her living grave. She loved her child, but she hold her love in control, and did not give way to any violent demonstration of feeling. I could son that, as the lad grow up, he was bewildered by the relations which existed between his parents. Had one or the other been unkind to him he might have been able to put some con struction upon the estrangement, but they were equally affectionate and equally kind to him. It came at last to entreaties. ' Mamma, do come out with me, and speak to papa ! See-ho is walking in the gar den.' ' Mamma, may I bring papa in to your room Why does lie not come to seo you 1' 'Papa, mamma is really very ill; I do so wish you would lot me bring you to her ! Do, papa, do. ' It was heart-aching to hear the lad, who loved both, who received love from both. Thenm ihe began to study other children and their parents, and when he saw one walking between mother and father, who smiled upon each other and upon their little one, his eyes would overflow with tears. He would peep through cottage windows, nay, lie would go into the cottages, where Ihe was always welcome, and would see for himself proofs of domestic happiness which never gladdened his eyes in his own home. 'I wish my mamma and papa had been poor,' he said to me; 'then they would have lived together and have loved each other. Denise, you tell me what it all means.' "' Hush, Master Arthur,' I answered, 'I am onlya servant, and I know nothing. When you are a man you will under stand.' "' I want to understand now-I want to understand now,' he cried. ' There is something very wicked about this place. I hate it-I hato it I' And lhe would stamp his little foot, and break into a fit of crying so full of real sorrow that I could not help crying with him. Something of this must have reached their ears, for I have no doubt he made his appeals to them, but it made no alteration in their lives. HIow they suffered only themselves could have known. Mlymaster grow thin and wan; dark circles were round his eyes, which sometiFnes had a wild look in them which made me fear he was losing his soenuses. And my lady drooped and drooped like a flower ; paler and quieter every day; sweeter and more resigned, if that were possible, with every setting of the sun ; so weak at last that she could not take her walks in the grounds. Sitting by this window, looking up at the beauti ful sky, she said to me one peaceful even ing, " I shall soon be there, Denise. When my mother sees me coming she will be frightened to meet me. Does she know now that she poisoned my life I' "0, madame,' I said, and so saint-like was her appearance that I could have knelt to her, 'let me go to my master, and beg him to coins to you.' " 'Be would not come,' she said. "Believing that this was a sign of relenting on her part, I said, ' He will, madame, he will, if I say you sent for him.' " And I would not have him come,' she said. ' When I send for him he will not refuse me.' " ' You ewil send me for him one day 1' I asked. "' Yes, Denise, unless I die in my sleep, which I have often prayed to do; but this blessing may be denied me.' "Ah, how sad wt re the days i It sad dens me now to speak of them. All kinds of strango notions entered my head during that time. I used to think it would be a mercy if a great flood were to come, or if some one would set fire to the villa-it would bring themo together for a few minutes at least. And then as I gazed at her I would think that she could not live through another summer, so weak was she growing--she was fading away before my eyes. The end came at last, when Master Arthur was eight years old. "It was a spring evening, and Master Arthur was telling her that thetrees were fullof beautiful buds. He had gathered a quantity of spring flowers; his father and he Ihad boeen walking in the woods, and he told his mothler of the grand and wise lessons hie father lhad given him. " ' Mnmma,' said the child, ' papa is a good man ; I love him more than any other man-and I love you,mamma,more than any otler womuan. Papa is agood mnan, is he not 1' ' "' He is, my child,' she answened, 'and a justman.' " My heart leapt into my throat as I heard her speak these words of her hus band. Was it possible that this dreadful lifo was comilg to an end, and that they would at length be reconciled after all these weary, weary years ? My lady was lying back in her chair, gazing now at her boy, now at the setting sun. The tops of the trees were touched with red light, lwhich played and flickered in the branches as if it were alive. Ah, my lady, I if we were but to follow God's teaching and loann the lessons He sends us every day and every hour, how much unlhap Spiness we should be spared. There was an angelic oexpression on my lady's face; she spoke but little, but encouraged her I chlild to talk of his father. They had Sbeen in the woods nearly the wihole of the day, and the father had let'lighlt into his Scihild's soul with his discourses upon this I and that. " And do you know, mamma,' said the child, 'papa is not strong; ho soon grows tired, but I canrun about all day. He often has to stop and rest, and once he throw himself upon the grass and fell fast asleep. I sat by his side, and listened to the birds, who weore all so happy, while papa's face was tilled with pain. But when ho woke and saw moe, all the pain disappeared, and he smiled and folded me in his arms. Oh, mamma ! mammal Why will you not see papa, and love hint as I do 7' " 'My child,' said my lady, ' I will see papa to-morrow.' "' You will-you will 4' cried tile lad. Oh, mamma, youh lavoemado mo as happy. -so happy !' " ' You are tired, Arthur,' said my lady, go to bed and sleep. Sleep well, my child. I pray that God will send happiness into your life.' "' Good mamma i Beautiful mamma I' said the lad, caressing his mother and stroking her face ; ' am happy now. I shall dream all night long of to- morrow.' "'She never kissed her child with greater tenderness than slhe did on this night; he knelt at her kneres, and said his prayers, and of his own accord ended with the words, ' And make my papa and mamma love each other to- morrow.' " ' Good night, dear child.' " 'Good night, dear mamma I I want to- morrow to come quick. Good night, Denise.' "' Good night, Master Arthur.' "And il a very few moments he was asleep. Theh my mistress called me to her side, and spoke gratefully of my ser vice to her. " 'You have been good and faithful to me,' she said; ' it has beeona hard duty, and you have performed, it well.' "' Oh, my lady,' I said, sobbing; I could not help it, she spoke so graciously and tenderly; 'it will bes the happiest duty a sorvant ever performed if what you have just said to Master Arthur comes true. Can it be that you will send for my master to-morrow I' "'It will be so, Denise, unless God takes me to- night ; we are in His hands, His will be done. Give me those flowers, you faithful woman.' " Do not chink me vain or proud for repeating those words sho spoke to me ; they were very, very precious to me, and the sweetness has not yet died out of them though she who uttered them is dust. "I gave her the flowers, and she asked me to sit by her later than usual. Two or three times she asked me to go to Mas terArthur's bhd and see if hlie was eleoo ing, and when I told lher lie looked likl an angel in his sleep, she smiled and thanked me. Then shel asked me if there was a light in her husband's study, and going out into the balcony to look I said there was, and said moreover that scarcely a night passed that he did not sit up till two or three in the morning. " ' He was always a great student,' she said. 'How shall one be forgiven for breaking up his life 1' " ' Ah, my lady,' I said, 'if I dared to speak!' " ' Speak freely, Denise.' " And then 1 told her how he loved her, how he used to worship her, and watch every movement she made. These signs were plain to a woman's eyes, I said, and that never did woman have a more faithful and devoted lover than imy master was to her, nor a nobler heart, nor one who stood more highly in the world's esteem. She listened and did not chide me, and presently said shloe would retire to rest; but she could scarcely rise from her chair, she was so weak. " ' I Ihad best remain with you to-night, my lady,' I said. "'It is not necessary,' she said 'I shall need nothing in the night, and I shall be better to-morrow.' " I thought it was my duty to make my master acquainted with his wife's con dition ; 1 did not tell hmus that it was her intention to ask hint to come to her to morrow for fear soe should alter her mind, and cause hlim to think ill of her. There had been disappointment and vex alion enough in tlihe house. I could not rest thinking of my lady, and during the night I went twice to her room. She was eleeping calmly, but her breathing was so soft that 1 had to put my ear close to hear' it. In the morning she awoke, and I helped to dress her, and afterwards as sisted her to her favourite seat by this window. Maseter Arthur was already up and about, and shortly after his mother was dressed he came in loaded with flowers, to make the roomn look beautiful, he said, on this happy day. It was a day lie was never to forgot. " The morning passed, and my lady made no sign ; Master Arthur, flitting in and out like a bird, waited impatiently for his bmother's instructions to bring her husband to her, but she spoke not a word. I offered her food but she did not touch it; I did not know what to do. On the previous day the doctor who regularly attended her had said that his services were required at some distance from the villa, and that it was not necessary he should see my lady on the morrow. She had replied, ' Do not trouble, doctor ; you can do nothing for me.' And indeed his skill was of no avail, so that we did not expect him on this day. There ap peared to be no special necessity for his proesence-my lady was in no pain, she looked happy and contented, but she was so quiet, so very, very quiet ; not a word, not a moan, not a sigh. It made me frightened to look at her. "At lougth MIaster Arthur could no longer control his impatience. " ' Manmmna, you promise I to send for papa; yoe do not forget, do you ? Why don't you speak I Ah, but you are tired. It is to- day, you know, and you and papa were to love each otlher. Shall I go for him ? Say yes, or look it m sluma.' " She turned her eyes to her boy, and he sawl Iuhat she wsas tilling iheo shoulld go for hIis father. He kissed hlier quickly, and ran out of theo roen crying 'Pupa l papa! "I sltopped softly into this little room, and closed the door. It was not right that a servant's eyes shlould witness so sacred a meeting; but though I denied myself the privilege of being present, my heart was in my ears. It was proper that I should hbe within call; in my lady's weak state my services might be required. "I heard the door of my lady's room open and close. I heard my master's footsteps. I heard Master Athiur say, "' Mnamma, lohere is papa l Spoeak to him and love him as I do ! Papa, put your arms round mamma's neck, and kiss "Then all was quiet--o quiet, so quiet! Not a sound, not a word, not a sob. Alh, Holy Mlother! I can hear the silence now--I can feelit about me l It was in thist very room, and my lady was sitting in thie chair in awhichl you are seated. "Suddenly, the silence was broken. My master was calling, " 'Deniso I Denise. Where are you 1 Come quickly I' "Before he had finished calling for me,I was in my lady's room. My master was looking wildly from hIis wife to his child, from his child to his wife. The lad, with his arms about his mother, was kissing her and crying over her. I gently un wound his arms from his mother's neck; Itook her hand in mine, and pressed it. Her fingers were cold and motionless. "'What is it, DeniseI' my master whispered, hoarsely. 'The truth! the truth I' "He road thd answer in my eyos. We were gazing on the face of a dead woman "Yes, she was dead, and no word had been exchanged between them. How true, how prophetic, .were the words else had spoken to her husband in their last interview on this spot, coven years beforo: ' After to-night I will never open nmy lips to you I' Fromn that time to this he had never heard the sound of her voice, and now that, after her long agony, she had summoned him to her, she was dead ! Ahl, if she had only lived to say, ' Mine was the fault. It was not only I who was .btetray.d 1 Let. there be peace and for giveness between us !' " There wore those in the villa who declared that tho white shadow of my lady was seen that night gliding round about the grounds, and from that night the place was supposed to.be haunted. The impression was strengthened by Mr. Balcombo's proceedings. The funeral was a very quiet one, and in accordance with my masters desire all who belonged to the house and attended my lady's re mains to thegrave wero dressed in white. Then the gossips averred that on certain nights thoegroundswereoccupied by white shadows, mournfully following each other in a long funeral line. That is how the villa grow to be called The Houso of White Shadows. "Soon after my lady's death Master Arthur was sent to school, and then came tile end. One morning my master was not seen about; the day passed on, and still heo was not seen ; and when, alarmed, we went to his study to quiet our fears concerning him, we found him lying on the floor stone dead. That is all I have to tell, my lady." (To be conetilnued.) 