THE , LOOKOUT Ye gods and little fishes Whatis the world and journiisii ncoming to? " Do I sleep, do I dreain;' .: .Do I wonder and doubt? ' .: Are things'what they seem; i: j ; Or arc visions shouct:.-:"d I can understand a man iwho oes not ?know enough to ireailise his own folly getting on the platforii ,o lecture on thinigs; he knows ?' little.-'very littlc=: about and usin"words' thecdefinititn of which is Greek to hiin, and makiing an all- round. slaughter of tih ? Queen's English, ,. because people go:i to such places to 'laigh and forget.' The logic of leather-lungs aniid the clanging, of brass tickle the ears o6f those ..iho seek snot :beyond the surface of mere sound;: like; bumpiing on a cask' and despise'the oim t of language, but'when it c6mes: :to dignifying iuane chatter, by putting it in-?lack and white for people to pay for, and read;-. Great. Jupiter'! I can' also realise men' being stoned in the dark by some little wvould-be panjandrum to win a smile from a. quartette -of 1' ooley street _tailors, t ; thbut that "such should in their egregious ignorance~and vaiiity mnitllke contempt for a victory, Iaid attack the very gods in consequence: iispast. compirehepsion.. What has-poor Jupiter :'luivius .doine that he should hi;avemiud'catt'"at him and his character turned. upside down ? Since a little boy at'school'I have labored under the imilpression that he attended to the water-wiorks, and never interfered with the business of Baal or other fiery myth, unless to damp it, but according to the foreign chronicler it is all a mistake, or else Pl/luius has gone off his usual, and taken to vomit " ire, anethema, and fire !" What a dangerous thing a little learning is, and-but N'importe. Life is too shortand paper and ink too valuable to be wasted over the shallow, egotistical cawing of carrioni crows. If one must needs run.a- tilt at times. it should be with foemen worthy of their, steel. " Ne su/or ul/ra crepidam." As an observer of events, and being ever on the lookout for things new and strange, I h:ive beein pleased to 'mark from time to timp .the amount of good work performed: by friends of temper. ance. Blue Ribbon meetings' here and there, and every' indticeineit' in the form of'irmoceiit-ahid attractite aiiitse .ment to allure th;'t9per- frdin 'his down; ward lath, Wq hear of hindreds donning the ribbon, and when that enthusiastic crusader, Mathew Burnett,; was here his converts were numbered by the thousand. A telegram from Western Australia states that, in that colony, the same gentleman has just completed an' eight months mission having delivered. 420. addresses, ,and enrolled .7000ooorecruits: he :intelli gence: is very cheering and satisfactory; buti alas! -the vexed .problem :'still remain~s insolved in nmy minand ar.it is this. ':'akingi.bur. quarterly .revenue returns,' ie .find that the imports and receipts ;fronm spirits insfead of showiing .a !decrea'se ?-correslrondin` i.tl-sthe numnbers taking the pledge,,are ever gain ing i.in ii quantity.?i" Ho?.wis. tlhis tlhus ? C.n' it be possible that' the unredeemied tillers s their ses i desperration, as they see old boon com, paniions tuirn to better(svays.ii I6 believe in the good; iork, and ih sh- it God speed;cbut I cannot account for ?the in creased !":consuniiftion andit :exesi, id SUnfortunately.: h. :same puzzle a pre sents itself' .in connection pisitih'ithse SalvationiArmiyp: - fetfclstinents from the mtin cihrps tirc investing the bI?ck slums ,and lpurlieus, andgetting over: the gardei siallsin their opalaughts ion vice and crime .-,And yet, alas "i; and alaisl?I feiari ne,:thiere? aire too miniiy lasses- what :does _Iayter -say ?',. Is. cruie fleeing,or o: only, getting rounid cornersi,and .vorking. iorevigorously lthian ever inithe rear andon' the flanks of :the invaders?:' Has Satiiii: tked liis tail 'unider his air iiand betake& himself to fresh : fields -and pastures news.? Not a whit of it. ?%Salvationists fight, and hit hard maiid hotly, but the figures go up all thei sam'ie. ?Even :that disgraceful: scourge, illegitiniacy,; wlichl seems to track revivals'! and like ^enso tional outbursts, growsi apace. ?What are ie tothintk, unless .it be thiati;the huiian heart is like ~ an India-rubber b;all; anid that ant iimpression can, only be mniade while it is held tightly between the fingers.:Let it go, and:it bounmids' l;?clk to .the old shape. -.?'his ,sort- of con?drsion is like killing bloilflies, when yoiu l hit one, tifio smiediately, come buzzing to the funeral obsequies.' .I do not appilirove of practical jokes for :divers -reasons:. They interfere frith digestion; upset the emental eqiili brium, playdudcks?aid drakes with the nerves, and often,- make i.ione feel : as white and washed out as a clean boiled rag. .However, there aire exceptions, and these-are wheri the joker is a-lady,' the victims her own" particular friends and relatives, and I do not happen to stand in either relationship.? Now, Sir, the following is ntot a ghost storybut a reall earnest incident, therefore "all rights are reserved" Once upon a tinie-, that is the ortho dox style-a gentleman,: m.a cy,"' a long: way off at a distance." froni beingl Riverton,. was engaged .with his two assistants in making up his annual :ac counts and night after night they burned the midnight oil. It so happened that a bashful Ifriend o:f liop'-my_- thuimb proportionsflike ryours: truily, vas to be quartered in the house for a night.: He duly put in an appearance at 9.30 p.m. and quietly slipped upistairs,. :where the lady mistress sat somewh'ait lonely and disconsolate, awaiting herhusband's coming:tlit from 'thed :ble?ssed"' dolks: The' youth's . appearance raised ian idea, and turning to. him said -abrupt ly 'You can,use a:. .,room.r _Now, huirr up, get to bed quickly as possible ~and cover yourself over head. and all with the bedclothes.'! Startled at the iiandatory order, the modest. youth re treated. to the room menitioned,,tucked himself in in such a hurr,- that he for got.to turn down the',gas. iThe lady. gave him scant time, then hurrying down to her, husband's office, assumed adlook of terror, and tapliped at the door. 'Codmi in"- he cried, and continued," seven and five are Ol--dear; I think' ihere is someone ini -'s room," she half whispered.: " Wha, what !'" he stammhi e?red; turning pale, then lie and his chief assistant; sprung fors their: revolvers.. The doomed youth lieard the rush iof footsteps approachinig his room,' niof withstanding his head wias iunder thel blankets, hoe stretched out half a corpse. in imagination, his hair riz and his spine felt as if some one were pumping cold .water down his hiackm4 Therie was'heavy labored breathing, ,,and·lorcaut iouss fdotsteps, then5t~e býdclyothes wetre iovedd. His staring eyes saw two revolv~ers, nay, he could even look:down the barrels and see the makers brand on the cartridges, he tried to speak, but: a mniging laugh drowned all sound, andia' voice cried;" "Why you stupiddon't you; knowi Charlie ?."' Thie weapons :, were low?ered, and the sold. husband lookedi rounid not extra lovingly. Luickily-for the guest and better still for the bed roomi both gentlemen in their trep ida tioni had "forgotten' to cock the revolvers, had they done so, there must have been daylight. :somewhere,: as' one of the weapons was pointed at the ceiling and ithe other .at the: opposite side 'ofthe roomnto'.where the hapless visitor lay, and the trembling hands must certainly have' discharged kthem. -With -half iangry half taken-in looks, husband and assistant returnedto the office; followed by the fair.jokist, and the sight that met themi~; restored all to their wonted humonr, for, partly underneath the coun ter was the juvenile helpi. ' Finding no other meafis of security, he had imitated a yonng emu that sticks its'head in a tussock of grass, by shoving his figure head in a contribution box for the "poor 'heathen" in the Andaman Islands, he looked so awfully heathenish and scared in the novel headgear, that even the frightened boy in bed managed to muster a grin. 