A RELIGIOUS CARD-PLAYER. A private soldier by the name of Richard I Lee was taken before the magistrates for playing cards during Divine service. The sergeant commanded the soldiers at the-l church, and, when toe parson had read the j prayers, he took the text. Those who had I Bibles took them out, but this soldier had I neither Bible nor Common Prayer Book, and, j pulling out a pack of carc s, he spread them before him. He first looted at one card and I then at another. The sergeant of the company saw him and said : 'Richard, put up the cards; this is no place for them.' Never mind that.' When the services were over, the constable took Richard a prisoner and brought him before toe Mayor. ' Well,' said the Mayor, 4 what have you brought the soldier here for?' ' For playing cards in toe dhureh.' , ' Well, soldier, what have you to say fog yourself?' Much, sir, I hope.' ' Very good; if not, I will pa ish you severely,' - I have been,' said toe soldier, ' aboutsix weeks on toe march.' I have neither Bible f nor Common Prayer Book. I have nothing but a pack of cards, and I hope to satisfy yomc worship of the purity of my intention.' Then spreading tbe cards before toe Mayor he began with toe ace : ' When I see the ace, it reminds me toa there is but one God. When I see the deuce, it reminds me of the Father and Son. When I see the tray, it reminds me of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. When I see the four, it reminds me of the four Evangelists that preached — Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John. When I see the five, it reminds me of the five wise virgins that trimmed their lamps. There were ten, but five were wise, and five were foolish and were shut out. When I see the . six, it reminds me that in six days the Lord ; made heaven and When I see toe i &even;, it reminds roe that on the seventh day God rested from tbe great work he had 1 — , a ,.nrt it:. Whpn I sea tha eight,' it reminds me of the eight rigbteoue persons that were saved when God destroyed the world, viz., Noah an-i his wife, his three sons and their wives. Waen I see the nine, it reminds me of the nine lepers that were cleansed by onr Saviour. There were nine out of the ten that never returned thanks. When I. see the ten, it reminds me of toe ten commandments which God handed down to Moses on the tables of stone. When I see the king, it reminds me of toe great King of Heaven, which is God Almighty. When I see the queen, it reminds me of the Queen of Sheba, 4ho visited Solomon, for she was as wise a woman as he was a man. She brought with her fifty boys and fifty girls oil dressed ' in boys' apparel, for King Solomon to tell which were boyB and which were girls. The king sent for water for tnem to wasn. xne girls washed to the elbows, the boys to the wrists ; so King Solomon told by that.' ' Well,' said toe Mayor, ' you have described every card in toe pack except one. « What iB that?' ' The knave,' said the Mayor. ' I will give yonr honour a description of that, too, if you will not be angry. ' I will not,' said the Mayor, ' if you do not term me to be toe knave.' ' The greatest knave Iknow of Is toe con stable that brought me here.' ' I do not know,' said toe Mayor, ' if he is the greatest knave, but I know he is toe greatest fool.' ' When I count how many spots there are in a pack of cards, I find three hundred and sixty-five, as many days as there are in a year. When I count the number of cards in a pack, I find fifty-two, the number of weeks in a year. I find there are twelve pioture cards in a pack, representing the number of months in a year, and on counting the tricks i nnd thirteen, tne numDer ox weess in a quarter. So, you see, a pack of cards serves for a Biblp, an almanac, and a Common Prayer Book.' Then toe Mayor let him go. 