Oyer the Clock. Bv Hawkeye. ' ' Gainst humbug sworn, from malice free' Wh6n will Mr. Buchanan learn that a stone wall is not a good thing to run even his head against? There are buck-niggere, we believe, who can indulge in that amusement with, impunity, or the even harder experi ment of knocking each other's heads together. But Mr. Buchanan, we need hardly observe, is not much of a ' buck ' at anything, except, perhaps, bucking at Mr. Speaker's ruling; and, next to an investment in the hou. member's published speeches, one can hardly imagine a moie profitless speculation. Mr. Barton has. been long | enough in the chair now to give the House a fair notion of his general quality; and the idea of a Buchanan attempting to measure swords with him is one of those ' happy thoughts ' which, had it occurred to the local oomio paper, would have made the ' run ' of the number, and aa it is proves unquestionably that fact may not only be stranger than fiction, but ever so much funnier. Yet in the impos sible supposition that the hon. member had his wits, or any wit, about him, he might have made a better fight for his objection of the other day. The ruling was that certain words in a question of Mr. Buchanan's involved matter of opinion, and must therefore be struck out. But the question was, or might have been : Whose opinion ? Mr. Buchanan's opinion. But Mr. Buchanan's opinion, in the well-known legal phrase, is ' nothing to nobody ;' therefore there was nothing to be struck out. Q. E. D. From rabbits to boilers might seem, according to Mrs. GlaBsie's familiar direction, a natural transition if boiled rabbit found any place in the cookery books ; but we don't think it does, so we must lQok further for the occasion of a recent pleasant evening with the engineers. According to Mr. Garrard we needn't go far. That hon. gentle man, who, by the way, as an engineer himself, would seem quite equal to the task of, at any rate, ' blowing up' anything or anybody, was good enough to add a new teiror to life in Sydney, to whioh the combined smallpox and powder-magazine scares seem a mere trifle. With an air of awful mystery, worthy of a stage conspirator or a ghost-story teller, he assured hon, members that 'he could a tale unfold' which would make the hair stand even on Mr. Trickett's head ; but as Mr. Buchanan, he observed, had his hat on, he would refrain. Still, he did say that iu many rights of-way in the city there waB danger enough bottled up to destroy any amount of life and property, and he didn't mean the whisky. His bottle was the boiler, any number of which 'terrible instruments of destruction ' might be found in every street, and he often thought as he saw a good man carrying home a new dress for his wife, how little he dreamt he was also carrying his life in his hand and might be blown up even before he got there. Boilers were a necessary of life — he was a boiler-maker, and ought to know ; but they had their faults, were apt, if not properly looked after, to go on the burst, and should be subject to strict Govern ment inspection. Even if it did involve a little expense and a lot of new billets, there was plenty of money and lots of good fellows to -fill them. Mr. Poole wanted to know when the blowing up was going to begin, as in the course of a long life he didn't remember ever having been blown up yet in that way, and thought if boilers were such dangerous things they should employ Kanakas to look after them, when, in case of accident, it wouldn't so much matter. Mr, Hutchinson liked some boilers, and we like Mr. Hutchinson, It would not be too much to say tha* we are quite charmed with this gentleman's simple courtesy of speech and manner, as much a contrast to his general surroundings as a dove amongst the crows. A little constrained, perhaps, as if afraid of treading upon something and hurting it, there is about liim a gentle, refined air, less of art than of nature, which should go far to help to sweeten the general atmosphere of Uie Assembly. He had a good deal to say about boilers, and said it well, if a little hesitatingly. We should not advise him quite to take Mr. Fletcher for his model, but a dish of that rough and ready gentleman's fortiter in re would certainly not spoil his own rather excessive suaviter in modo. The ridiculous rumour that Mr. Goodchap and the Minister for Works were at loggerheads over Mr. Bed mend was effectually disposed of by the produc tion of the correspondence in the House. Appli cation was made for a free railway pass for Mr Redmond by Mr. Coonan, and granted by the Minister on the representation that Mr. Redmond was a member of tbe British House of Commons. Mr. Goodchap, however, pointed out that Mr. Redmond's visit was really a monetary speculation, and that it had not been the custom of the department to assist itinerant showmen or lecturers, whereupon the authority was withdrawn. ** Another injustice to Ire land !'' of course ; and Mr. Goodchap will, no doubt, take his place amongst those bloodthirsty Saxons who have been engaged so long in trampling on the poor Celt. ' So English,' says one ; ' So Irish,' says another; while the general opinion is that if it was good cheek to come lecturing here at all, it was very much better to try and make the country pay travelling expenses. Mr. Redmond, of course, won't take a Saxon's advice or we should be inclined to advise him to follow the example of many illustrious Irishmen before him, and settle down in a country of whose good nature and generosity, or simplicity, he has evidently so high an opinion. You mightn't think so, but there is always one oharm about an Estimates night— unexpectedness. You never know what may turn up, and sometimes the surprises are very startling. It is not often, it may be hoped, that anything does turn up quite equal to Mr. Murray. This gentleman is a surveyor, and for two mortal hours the other night dragged the weary chain of tedious speech after him, while he surveyed tbe Survey Office. We suppose he knew what he was talking about, though Mr. Farnell said he did not ; but it is curious that a speaker, a good deal of the burden of whose lay was that bo much precious time was wasted, should have made himself such a pernicious example ot the spendthrift. And very pernicious it was, for if Murray knew something of the Survey office it was clear that Mr. Abigail, who followed him, knew nothing, or he would never have put himself in the ridiculous position of the pigmy cheeking the giant by attacking the Surveyor General. This little gentleman is a good sample of that curious yet common thing in nature, the small man with a 60ul (on his boots) too big for him. In the old days he would have been as good fun as that valiant hero Sir Geoffrey Hudson, who, if we remember rightly, for royal delectation was once served up, sword and all* in a pie. In the present oase the only result of hie rash valour was to get himself sat on severely all round, and specially by an old Government surveyor, Mr. Machattie, who, in a manly speech, declared that though he might have considered himself hardly dealt with once or twice by the Surveyor General, there was not a more energetic or capable officer in theworld. It is a good thing — or, perhaps, a bal thing, all de pending on the point of view — that circumstances have borne Mr. Andrew Lynch far from his native shore. When that hon. gentleman, the other night, metaphoric ally whirled his ' bit ov a stick ' on the floor of the House over the wrongs of one Delaney, you could imagine what he would have been if the House had been College Green and the wrongs the wrongs of Ireland. There is something so infectious in the rosy good humour of the hon. member, so redolent of all the best points of the Green Isle, from the rich Irish brogue to rare Irish whisky (not a drop too much of either), that it is impossible to believe him really in a rage, though he says he is, or that the unfortunate Delaney is really the poor jumped-on, mangled piece of humanity he declares him to be. ' He's been crushed out of exist ence, the poor fellow ; that's what he's been,' said the excited orator ; but you felt instinctively that, as Mr. Sam Gray would eay, that was mere ' hyper-bole,' and that the crushed Delaney was probably quite com fortable in the next room, drinking more power to his champion's elbow in the national beverage. Any how, there was no resisting the hon. members impetuous charge, and Mr. Farnell was glad to save himself from the fate of Delaney by promising that that gentleman's wrongs should be righted in less than no time, though, if really ' crushed out of existence,' he hardly knew what he could do for him. ' Give him another billet,' said Mr. Lynch, with ready Irish wit, and it was felt the hon. member had hit it. We never knew an Irishman so 'crushed' that a good billet wouldn't set him up again. Hon. members will clearly have to be careful. We don't know what their special ' brand ' may be just now (the latest is the 'Dickens,' guaranteed very good at short distances) ; but it is to be hoped it is not too potent, and that it is easily carried. There has been, and will be again, a ' chiel amang them takin' notes' of the number of their drinks, or at any rate of the drinkers; and if he is to be charged with being ' drunk on duty,' he doesn't mean to be the only one. Mr. A. G. Taylor, addressing Mr. Zimmler's fellow townsmen at Gulgong, is said to have ' stated in extenuation of his being drunk in Parliament that he held in his hand a list of 35 members whom he had seen drunk in the House during the last six weeks ; also that many members were half-drunk by tea-time.' Now, this iB nice, pleasant, cheerful, and gentlemanly. You feel that here is the long- sought honest man at laBt, who will speak the truth at all hazards, and Bhame, not only the devil, but himself and his friends with the most unblushing virtue. So we have seen an amiable and promising boy at school whose specialty was to recount to an appreciative head-master some of the more playful habits and customs of his schoolfellows. But, somehow, that boy was not popular. We have later seen him look decidedly unhappy, with a ' silent sorrow ' somewhere abont him as if even sitting down would be a trouble to him. But it was always felt to be a good thing to know a boy of that kind, and hon. gentlemen have at leaBt Uie satisfaction of now knowing Mr. A. G. Taylor. The next time he is seen taking notes in the House it will not be supposed that he is pre paring a brilliant impromptu on Mr. Buchanan or the Upas tree. Oh, no! he is amply taking down the names of hon. gentlemen who may Btrike him as having eat too long over the tea-table, 'not necessarily for publication, but as a guarantee for good faith,' otherwise fair drinking between drunkards. Some day Mr. Taylor's ' notes ' will be valuable ; but how is it that men so miss their careers ?* What a police man he would have made under the Licensing Act ! 