THE REAL LORD BYRON There are certain lives which seem to be surrounded by an inextinguishable halo of romance, and, next to Mary Stuart, we in cline to think Lord Byron is the most eminent instance of this fatality. Why this should be seems a little difficult to determine. We ourselves incline to regard him as on the whole the greatest English poet since Shakspeare, but we doubt whether this is the general estimate. Mr. J. S. Mill indeed has spoken of Byron as " the most ephemerally popular," in opposition to Shelley, whom he designates " the really greatest poet of the present century," and we suspect this is the general estimate. Macaulay has more than endorsed it by the prophecy that " a few more years will destroy whatever yet remains of that magical potency which once belonged to the name of Byron." Meanwhile, though there are new kings on the throne, and Byron has passed from being the fashion into being a "classic," the interest taken in Byron's per sonal history shows no signs of decreasing. Paine, Austen, Else and Swinburne have contributed to revive it ; and Mr. Jeaf- freson's book in The Real Lord Byron . is a mere sign of the times. Byron's life till he was it was that of an ordinary ill- conditioned school boy and young man. From 21 to 27 it was that of a London ladykiller and lion ; from 1815 to 1823 it was compounded of vulgar dissipation abroad and successful authorship ; and in 1824 he died in Greece, just as he was bidding fair to retrieve his name. With all allowance for the reaction which society felt on the publication of. Moore's life, and again after tlio refutation of Lady Byron's slanders, for tbo excessive severity of the sentence which made Lord Byron during his lifetime a pariah among his countrymen, we can hardly account by this for tho- charm of his personal history. Per haps the true solution is that there is an undis- pelled element of mystery about it, and that this charm is additionally enhanced by its aristocra tic surroundings. In fact, the question for a modern biographer is to show why Lord Byron was treated as he was by a society which, according to modern ideas, had no particular right to throw stones at anyone. Unhappily, Mr. Jeaffreson's book leaves the problem pretty much where it was. It is a clover production by a practised book maker, who has laid a great many sources under con tribution, who seems creditably anxious to be fair, ' and who is, wo think, really suc cessful in his estimate of Lady Byron. Unhappily, Mr. Jeaffreson has adopted the transcendental, a priori method. If the facts are against his hypothesis, it is so much the worse for the facts. Lord Byron speaks in his journal and poems and letters of playing cricket at Harrow, and of having taken part in the match between Har row and Eton in one -particular year. Mr. Jeaffreson, having decided that Byron was so lame as to be a complete cripple, thinks it " scarcely crcdible"that Byron did what he says he did. Lady Byron wrote-about the time of the separation to Augusta Leigh, saying " I will now only recall to Lord Byron's mind his avowed aud insurmountable objection to tho married state, and' the desire and determina tion he has expressed ever since its com mencement to free himself from that bondage." We should be sorry to find a proof in these words of tho charge that Lord Byron told his wife on tlio very day of their wedding that he had married her without love ; but we cannot agree with Mr. Jeaffreson, that " per- sons- who can read between the lines" will -see this means- nothing but that when Byron quarrelled with his wife eight months after their marriage,' he expressed himself, as having always' regretted it. Wo suspect their life was what Praed has declared, " most married lives", to be from tho first.—" a little storm, a little laughter and Lady Byron remembered, aud was able to appeal to tho storms, when a time came that their whole sky was overcast. Neither again do- we believe that Lord Byron told Medwin a great many lies in order that whatever Medwin wrote about him might be disbelieved. We think Byron liked to surround himself with au air of romance. He liked at times to pass for more' sentimental and for worse than he was; he liked to affect a tendency to Catholicism ; and like many men, he -was not disinclined to exaggerate his success with women. We do not see, however, what object he can have gained by deliberately inventing a story that Lady Byron took her maid in the travelling carriage when they drove away 'after tho marriage. Hobhouse may have been right in saying that there was no maid in the carriage when he handed Lady Byron into it ; but that Byron should have invented it altogether is incredible. Tho chanees are that something of the kind occurred at some stage of tho journey, and that Byron resented it. All we know of Lady Byron leads us to suppose that she would do whatever was sensible or conve nient without any regard to sentiment. She was Byron's wife, and probably felt that they would have plenty of dime to exchange confi dences more eonveniimtly than while they were rattling over a turnpike road," It'is a natural consoquence of those mani- pulsions of evidence tfaat Mr. Jeaffreson finds himself at the end unable to cive-any rational account of Lord Byron's treatment by liis countrymen. He reproduces Macaulay's arguineut, that society tolerated Lord Nelson in spite of liis connection with Lady Hamilton, and infers that Byron's profligacy was no real count in tho indictment against him. This is surely a misconception. In the first place, Lord Nelson was never in society, and could not accordingly bo driven out of it. Nelson's countrymen at large over looked the fact' that he had a scandalous liaison with a woman who had no character to lose in consideration of the fact that ho hnd saved lln-'iand. ' They cheered the successful sailor, not the libertine ; and if it were customary to express litira'ry-applanse by acclamation, Byron would have bad it after bis. separation almost as ficely as before. In the next place, Lady Nelson kept her grievances against her husband to herself. She even dined with- him at Morion, in 'the company of Lady Hamil ton,- at tho last dinner party ho gave before . leaving England ' for Trafalgar, iu tho third place, Nelson's intrigue with Laijv Hamilton was his only offence against public morality. Byron was a very wanton sinner. . As quite a young man, he had repro- duced one of tho coarsest incidents in Pere grine Pickle, by dressing up a girl of the town as his brother and introducing her to ladies of his acquaintance. In the years just preceding his marriage he was outranging the laws of common honor by his intrigue with Lady Caroline Lamb, whose family had been his best friends. At the time his wife left him, he was seducing tho sister-in-law of his friend Shelley. Undoubtedly ho was also guilty of other offences against the social code of his day;- Still we do ' not think it is fair to say that "society, did not war against Byron and Shelley on account of their libertinism, but on account of - their po- litical and religious opinions," Society petted and idolised Tom Moore, who wrote infinitely more pungent sarcasms against the Regent than Byron ever produced. It opened its doors to Sydney Smith, who preached religious tolera- tion- and attacked the game 'laws. It never molested Bentham or the mild atheist Allen for their irreligious opinions. ' What it did was to compute in a rough way when an of fender's credit had been exhausted, and then to strike his name inexorably out of its books. Shelley survived his expulsion from Oxford for atheism and the publication of Queen Mab and open alliance with Irish rebellion. Vhen he took to him self a second wife in tho lifetime of the first' and when the first committed suicide in conse quence, society turned against him as it would turn now, and forgot to make allowance for his really admirable qualities. In the case of Byron we do not think the infidelity or the liberalism counted for much at the time of his flight from England. Any man who treated his wife so badly about the time of her first confinement that, two lawyers, such as Lushington and Romilly, advised her not to return to him, would have to go out of sight for a time at least. In Byron's case the wife's connections were fashionable and powerful, while ho had not a relative, and scarcely had a friend, in the upper circles. Even so, he might have tided over the scandal if he had not plunged into gross vice on the Continent, and stimulated the public feeling against him by the Vision of Judgment, by Cain, and by Don Juan. We are disposed to think that Byron was not far from the truth when he said that the causes of his separation were too simple to be easily found out. The main cause, we be lieve, was that he was unfitted to live happily with any decent woman. He was attracted by Miss Milbank because her quiet, simple, sensible nature offered a complete contrast to the gush of bis ordinary admirers aud the hysterical fondness of Lady Caroline Lamb. His vanity was piqued into something like strong feeling by Miss Milbank's indifference, and we have no doubt that in pressing his suit he was de termined by calm good sense quite as much as by tho advice of friends. Nothing is more common than for a man who thinks he has sown his wild oats to settle down for life with a good woman, whom he can never dream, even in thought,' of comparing with Phryne and Lai--, from whom he wishes to part. Where tho Bohemianism has been a mere phase of youth, these marriages occasionally turn out well. Byron was Bohemian to the core. It is one of the best remarks in Mr. Jeaffreson's book, that he was in reality a Berkeley, with the eccentricity, the power, and the disposition to libertin- age of that remarkable family. His father had been a debauched man of fashion ; his mother, a vulgar and violent woman, had never possessed her son's affections. From youth upwards he was never domesticated even for a time in any respectable family, where he could learn a reverence for good women ; and as soon as he was master of his actions he chose his associates among clever men and disreputable women. Under the best possible circumstances, a man of this kind could not have settled down at once with a decorous, unimaginative, exacting wife. We believe he honestly meant to do his best bv her, and that they got on well together for a few weeks, though we must accept Lady Byron's evidence that oven from the first there were scenes in which Byron armed his wife with a terrible weapon against himself by declaring that he had married her out of spite. Fortune, however, added to the cntauglements of tho position. There' is an old proverb that it is not possible to wive and thrive in the same year, and Byron's case certainly verifies it. He had ceased as a married man to be interesting in London society. He lost favor at Court. He was worried with uiuny em barrassments. He found that his wife could be jealous of him, and that even his own relations took her part. It Is probable that with his engrossing selfishness he re sented his wife's confinement as an annoy ance, and he certainly felt aggrieved when the child born was a daughter. He entangled himself in a liaison with Jane Clermont, gradually he got to loathe the sight of Lady Byron, and to express his dislike for her with a brutal frankness. Believing that his mind was affected, she bore up nobly under the trial, and determined to do her duty by him at any cost. When, however, Dr. Baillie reported that Byron was perfectly sane, Lady. Byron not unjustly regarded his treatment of her as inexcusable, and resolved never to go back to him. Habitually society condemns the woman in the case of a separation. It is felt that her pre sence makes home, and that she has no right to withdraw it except on tho gravest cause. Lady Byron had an admirable advisor in her father. He took her to see two barristers of tho very highest reputation, and who, as Libe rals, would have no political prejudice against Lord Byron. Sir Samuel Romilly and Dr. Lushington both agreed that it was impossible for Lady Byron to return to her ' husband's roof. It was the knowledge of this opinion, delivered by two such men, that killed Byron with Loudon society. No one ever knew on what evidence tho advisers formed their opinion. When Mrs. Beecher Stowe startled the world with the story Lady Byron had come to believe in her old age, an attempt was made to surprise Dr. Lushington into an admission whether it was true or false. .Nothing further could be extracted than the remark,. " Damn Mrs, Beecher Stowe." At the time, however, the wildest specula tions were afloat ; and the story which was actually believed for years iu the inner circles uf society was actually more damaging to tho poet than the horrible scandal which his widow at last "circulated. We think it prob able that Lady Byron confined herself to facts in 1821. If she told her advisers that her husband had repeatedly used brutal language to her, that he was capable of fits of violence, and had ground a favorite watch to pieces in a paroxysm of rage ; that he treated her worst at a timo when a 'wife is entitled to most tenderness ; and that he was carrying on an intrigue with another woman while she was living with him, these are reasons which, might, well induce practical men to recommend a separation, -Neither was Byron in a position to resist one. He could not have lived in England after the bitter and coarse words he had used to his young wife had been read out in court, and reproduced with ap propriate comments in the Tory press. No doubt it would have been wiser for him to face even this exposure than to leave scandal and imagi nation to do their worst. No one, howevcr, could foresee, this at the time; aud though Byron would have liked to retain the right of setting up house again with his wife, bis plans at that moment were to join Jane Clermont abroad, and to live at a distance from duns and from moral critics in Italy. We regard Mr. JeaffresouV account of the poet's life in Italy as very much the best part of his book. . He is not the first who has .attacked the delusion propagated by Moore and by tho lady herself, that Byron's liaison with the Conntese Guiccioli had a purifying effect on hi; life and character, but he has done it more circumstantially than other writers. Those who remember the " high- falutin" trash which tho Countess Guiccioli -published some years ago as Recollections of Lord Byron will be slow to credit her with a spiritual in fluence of any sort," She seems, in fact, to have been, a pretty, moderately clever -girl, who disliked her old husband, and who. wished to have Byron dancing atten dance upon her as a cicisbeo. Byron, on his side, seems to have attached very little value to his conquest, and was more concerned' to parade it in public than to 'enjoy -the lady's society. When we consider that tho Countess was a raw girl of 17, and that Byron need never have compromised her reputation in tho estimation of Italian society, if he had only let her remain under the roof of a husband .who permitted his visits, it is impossible not to feel that tho poet from first to last behaved infamously in all his relations with women. Naturally, report made hito out worse than he was, and this in circles which were unaffected by English prejudice. Goethe tells us, in a passage Mr, Jeaffreson seems to have missed, that it was reported Lord Byron had carried on an intrigue in Florence with a lady, whose husband killed her in consequence. " That same night the murderer was found dead in the streets, but the crime could not be brought home to anyone. Lord Byron leaves Florence, and is followed for all his life by these ghosts." We can imagine that Goethe only regarded the fatal intrigue and the murder as incidents in the development of the poet's character : but society is not exclusively philosophical, and we cannot affect to wonder that a man of whom such tales were believed, and against whom so much could be proved, was not invited to return to England with an assurance that all should be forgotten and for given. We have said enough to show that Mr. Jeaffreson's book has its interest for those who appreciate the subject, and its value for those who do not accept it implicitly ; hut we think it has other defects besides those of un substantial argument and a purely fanciful hypothesis, The Real Lord Byron omits all estimate of Lord Byron's literary position. We cannot profess to supply the deficiency in a newspaper, but we may just hint an opinion that Lord Byron will never be .really, understood till his works are more intelli gently studied, Macaulay has been our in fallible church in this matter ; and Macaulay, who thoroughly despised tho Byronism which young Englishmen had affected, regarded Byron as capable of little more than of sketching Giaours and Corsairs. This we think is an inadequate view. Byron cannot be judged by two or three' poems. He made his mark as a satirist of great force in English Bards and Scotch Re viewers, and in a Vision of Judgment. His Pilgrimage of Childe Harold did for Europe what Sir Walter Scott did for Scotland. No one ever visits a scene, or sea or statue that Byron described but what Byron's words rise to his lips. Later on, Byron naturalised the sportive epic of Italian poetry in Beppo and Don Juan. Probably he would stand higher in tho republic of letters if he had written nothing but these masterpieces, which are curiously distinct of their kind, and a few minor poems.' Whatever he wrote, however, had wings that carried it over the world. He is the one English poet of tho century who is a classic on the Continent. Goethe declared, of his Cain, that its dramatic treat- ment was unimpeachable ; and he said of Manfred that it was his own Faust trans formed into a new creation by the writer's powerful originality. In Russia, tho greatest poets of the last generation were unmistak- ably of tho Byron school. We are quite willing to admit that a poet also did all this may yet fall short of the highest rank. Meanwhile, we cannot believe that anyone has appreciated the real Lord Byron who writes a biography which is little more than a history of his rela tions with certain women whom he wronged. We grant that the real Lord Byron was a selfish libertine, but we claim for him that he was a man of genius, with a power which no one thus far has explained, of touching tho popular fibre. That power had its roots some where in his character. 