A Ghost Story. A very circumstantial ghost story is disturbing the mind of New York. The auditor of the Xew York World vouches for the good faith of his in formant—a professional man- of high repute. Tho honse in which the manifestations occur ma new one,and is let out in flats. Tho following are a few occurrences aa told by an eye ' witness who went sceptical, but soon found that something more than ordinary was up. First of all, there was much knocking at the front door. It was watched, open and closed, beforo and behind, but the knocking still came, always iv four strokes, sounding liko blows struck with billets of wood. Then came bell-ringings in all parts of the house. Tappings were heard on the glass of tho windows; tho coats of the boarders fell down from the hat- rack, each falling a yard apart. Tho plush cover of a round table standing in tho hall gracefully floated on to the floor. A. close-prop was hurled over the top of a portiere; the walking-sii;ks standing in the hall were flung up in different directions, and before tho scared residents had recovered, a leaf from an oak-dining table was hurled through the hall for 20 feel, striking the wall and coming to tho ground with a fearful crash. Another table took a series of summersaults. Such violent goings-on had such a bad effect upon some of the family lhat they began to think of retiring, when a frightful shriek echoed throughout tho whole dwelling, piercing, and evidently coming from no human throat, followed by" soft insinuating" whistles. In the evening " it" tried a few notes in arpeggio, and was suc cessful in keeping timo and tune with the piano. The tone of the whistle was sometimes that of a fog-horn ; at other times sounding liko tho " blowing in the nock of a bottle." All this is said to be a" plain, truth ful statement of fact,", substantiated by five witnesses. Bevies of police men have searched'l inj vain, and a curious English detective has_ been baffled. Tho Irish Land Court has reduced the rent of the tenants on Mr. Parnell's estate in "Wicklow. A new theatre, fo be known as Her Majesty's, is to be erected at Sydney, at a cost of £(50,000. '■.''. . - The fourth man accused of linviug been concerned .in the Phoenix Park murders, has/been fully identified. ..-:., I. r:.„ . An nnsecmly scene in the Prespyterian Assembly, Sydney, on Tuesday. One of clergymen termed a reverend brother an MI. I 