POLICE COURT-ADELAIDE. MONDAY, APRIL 16. [Before Mr. S. Beddome, P.M., Dr. John Rees, Hon. Philip Santo, and Messrs. L. G. Madley, and E. Lucy.] Bridget Martin had to pay 15s. for drunken- ness. PhUlip CosteJto, Stephen CLeaiy, John Alexattcer, BicJutrd Heart, and John ifc Car dell were fined 10s. each for being drank. John Johnson, for drunkenness and in decent exposure, had to pay £L John Lendy, for being drunk and using in decent language, was fined 15s, Elizabeth Wallace, for being drunk 'and using language calculated to provoke a breach of the peace, was fined £L Annie Fogarty, James Flanigan, and John Eddy were fined £1 each for using indecent language and being drunk. Catherine WooUy and Augusta Field were charged with loitering. Both defendants Tripaded not guilty, and denied the charge. Fined £1 each. Bosetta Kirtpatrick had to pay £1 for loiter isg. Fredericl: Homer and John Read were charged on the information of Inspector Sullivan with being idle persons having no visible means of support. Defendants pleaded not guilty. Detectives Hampton and Burchell stated that the prisoners would not work, but were in the habit of loafing about the streets and getting their living from drunken men. Sentenced to two months' hard labor each. John Bennett, laborer, was charged on the information of Margaret^his wife, with not complying with a maintenance order. The protecutrix stated that an order had been made sgainat the defendant, but he had not complied with it, and the arrears were now £4. Ordered to pay the arrears and coats, £5 in aIL Defendant stated he woul i never pay his wife a single penny, much leu £4. WalUr T/.om was charged by John Bradley with stealing from him one sword bayonet, value SOs., the property of Her Majesty's Government, at Adelaide, on April 14. Prosecutor staled that be was a volunteer ia B Battery of Artillery, and was goin|r home from parade when be was stuck up by defendant, srd two other men. Defendant took hi* bayotetfrom the scabbard, and handed it to one of the others, who went off with it, and he bad cot seen it since. By defendant—Was cot geUiculatiDg with the bayonet, or shov ing the defendant how the rifle worked. Did not say, " I am a Tipper&ry; soldier, and if I had be en in the Zulu war 1 would have done bcme execution." (Laughter). Had drank a littlebccrthatcTcniog. LaurenceMcGrath, a lad, stated that on last Saturday eveninghe saw proiecutor near the Shamrock Hotel. Saw defendant take the bayonet from the prose cutor and pretend to put it in again. He did not do so, but handed it to a man behind him. Police-constable Sayers stated that he arrested the prisoner off Cume-street on Saturday night. Told him the charge- and cantiored bun. Defendant replied in filthy lacgusge. Had searched for the bayonet, but could not find it At this stage His Wor ship adjourned the case fora weet Sydtuy Barnes, for assaulting Walter Bnllougfa, at Adelaide, on April 9, had to pay a fine of £5. " ACTION FOR LIBEL. .SOLOMON V. LEfKLATEB, This was a case in which the plaintiff, Samuel Moss Solomon, charged the defen dant, F. Harvic Linklater, solicitor, of Ade laide, and Wm. Bamet, of Gawler, pub lisher, with the publication of an alleged defamatory libel contained in the ''Town Talk" column of the Gawler Bunyip newspaper on March 23. Mr. Wadey and Mr. Cox for the plaintiff, and Mr. Villenenve Smith and Mr. Matthews for the defendant. The alleged libel was as follows:—"Some considerable time ago in the days when piratical opera-bouffe was all the rage at the Theatre Royal, and legs and champagne used occasionally to be in a Glorious state of mix behind the scenes, a oaring, but tight-fisted son of Abraham came to the laudable determination of 'shoeing sbomethtpgsfor notiogs ma tear.' With this end in view the gentleman (?) in question, after some little exertion and bo small ex penditureof fingernails, attained an airyand advantageous position on the roof of Mr. Macdonald'B stabling, frem which vantage ground he bad an uninterrupted view of the and taped window of the room wherein certain ucdraped young ladies were in a habit of nocturnally draping themselves. Long, earnestly, and wistfully did he gaze on the picture which met his sight until in an ill starred moment a brother tom-cat uplifted his voice in a minor key at his elbow! The sound attracted the attention of a more than usually nndraped nymph, and a terrific scream announced to the hapless intruder that bis flairiirrg shirit-front and glittering diamond studs had been 'spotted!' Vainly he strove to make h **ing he hung by a waterspout and finger tips, from which perilous position he waa rescued by the stage manager and property-man. But his troubles had only begun. The enraged Dianas claimed their victim, and had him too! They took him to their dressing-room, and, having plentifully besprinkled him with dirty water, deftly applied their ready pow der puffs, and when that unhappy wight arrived at the paternal mansion, the old man raised his eyes and his hands, and exclaimed —Holy Moses ! ish dat a ghost or a rolling pin ': . . . How, you would hardly credit it, but this young gentleman is a member of the Artillery Force of South Australia, and bc is jutt about to be promoted to the rank of ?omniissioned officer, and to mix with gentle men. Of course, after the above narrative cvci y one will know what for <" Mr. Smith said in order to shorten the pro ceeding he proposed, with his learned friend's consent, to ask the bench to at once dismiss aa unnecescary enquiry as to Mr. Bamet, on the very highest authority in this country. The following letter, dated March 27,1553, ?hich his learned fiiend (Mr. Wadey) ad mitted having written to Mr. Birnet, rendered any further action being tikcu unnecessary in respect to Mr. Bamet :— "We have been consulted by Mr. M. S. Solomon, sergeant of B Battery Adelaide Artillery, respecting a gross libel of and con cerning him which appeared in your issue of the 23rd inst, under the heading 'Town Talk 9 (by Pelts), and are instructed to com mence criminal proceedings against the writer forthwith. We have, therefore, to de mand from you the name, address, and occu pation of the writer of such article, and to inform you that unless we receive same by this day week proceedings will be commenced against you for publishing the article." He was instructed that be could prove that that week's time was enlarged, and the im plied condition of not prosecuting was com plied with within the extended time. Under the circumstances he asked the bench to dismiss the ease on the celebrated authority ?f the Queen v. King. Hie writers' iranm were given then, and the deciaieo of the court was given under precisely similar cir cumstances. Mr. Wadey denisd that any extension or time had been riven. On behalf of his client he demanded the name of the writer of the alleged libel within a period of a week. No reply was received to that, but after the week had expired his firm had ma interview with Mr. Uaklater, andjmiatn cocditional offers were made by him. His firm wrote a letter stating exactly what was required, but instead of replying to the letter, which was sent on April S, the letter was ignored, and then the name of the writer was given op. He would consent to his learned friends (Mr. Smith) suggestion and withdraw the case aa against Mr. Barnet. Mr. Smith—Then why didn't yon say so before 1 The case against the defendant, Mr. Link later, was then proceeded with. Michael John Stapleton, a bootmaker, said he lived at Gawler. Bought a opy of the Gawler Bunyip dated March 23. fie sent a copy of the paper down to Mr. Moss Samuel Solomon, at Adelaide. By Mr. Smith —Remembered reading the article; it was a matter of opinion whether it was right tbat such a thing should be :>ub liihfd. He sect the paper to tbe informant, who wrote asking him to fend it. Did not know Mr. Solomon at the time. Did not know why Mr. Solomon wrote to him. Was rot ture about the initials of the writer, bat thought they were "M. J." Moss Samuel Solomon, tbn informant, mil bc was a clerk employed at Mr. R Bapfa cL ia H ind ley- street. Received a copy of the Gutter Jlur.yip of March 23. Gave it to Mr. Ojx, solicitor. Was a sergeant in B Battery of the Port Adelaide Artillery. Was of the Hebrew persuasion. Was acquainted with all the Jews in the artillery force. There were about fonr of them—their names were M?jor Solomon, two gunners in A battery, and himself. Major Solomon was the only Hebrew commissioned officer there. Witness bad lately undergone an ex amination for a commiseion of lieutenant in the artillery. Was examined on March 29. Had sent in an application (or the examination within a month before. Had read the article, his attention being called to it on March 27. The latter portion of the alleged libel referred to himself. By Mr. Smith—Had been in the Military Force six years. Knew such persons as Lena Grey and Lena Oarey. As an officer and gentleman he should say that a man who looked through a window at ladies dressing or redressing ought to be horsewhipped. Had been chaffed about having looked through a window. Had been chaffed by one person who said that witness was the person referred to in the newspaper. He knew Mrs. Ford. Had not asked her to say it was someone else of the name of Isaacs who looked through the window. Had mentioned the name of Isaacs in connection with the enquiry. Mr. Smith—ls Isaac going to offer himself up spin as an oblation to Solomon? (Laughter.) By Mr. Smith. — Sirs. Ford is in court now. At this stage all witnesses were ordered to leave the court. Cross-examination continued.—Had known Mrs. Ford as a neighbor for nearly eight years. Did not know whethershe was one of the ladies dressings* the time when it was said some one looked in at the window. Had asked Mrs. Ford what she knew about it since the beginning of these proceedings. He asked her because he knew she was employed ?t the Theaire and might be able to dear his name. Did not know whether the was one of the " tix officers,'* or whether she was the one who screamed when some one looked through the window. Had not always known her by the name of Mrs. Ford. Her other name was Sophy Harris. He went to her because he knew she waa present at the time. Did not ask her whether any one had been puff-powdered. Had received a letter from Mrs. Ford on the subject of this affair. She said nothing about Isaacs. Witness knew leases, who was a bookmaker. Received the letter produced on April 9 from Mrs. Ford. The letter came from Mrs. Ford as he asked her for it Was not aware that any one said it was Isaacs who was on the roof, although Mrs. Ford said she thought it was. She told him this as he asked her if she knew the nan who looked into the room; she replied "no." and he then said "Was it Isaacs? "and she asdd that that was his name. The Isaacs he referred to was a young fellow tiampd Mirfippi Isaacs, the san of Mr. Isaacs, the clcthier, of Hindley-street. She said that he was the person who was caught looking into the window. Had spoken to several of the other theatre hands, but did not mention the name of Isaacs, although they described him. He (witness) last saw Isaacs on board a steamer bound for the ether colony. Could not remember the date when Isaacs went away, bat thought it was three months ago. Did not trouble to fitd out whether Michael Isaacs was tie pel son who looked into the window. Vae paragraph in the Bulletin contained a somewhat similar description of the affair to that in the Banyip. Abo it two for three weeks after the paragraph appeared in the Bulletin he was chaffed by volunteer'! about the affair. Only on one occasion dt4 he take notice of it, viz, when Sergemt lillywhite spoke about is. No practical joVe was played on him at the Military Oiab when the matter was being discussed, bat would EOt be positive. Would swear that he riad no hands laid on him when being chaffed. Did not remember any money being left from a military ball which was to be devoted to a little supper at which ladies were to be invited, nor that he cent in the name of a lady who was refused admittance by the com mittee. Would not swear that he had shown a photograph of a woman of bad character who was to be invited by him to the supper, but was refused. Might have boasted of having been improperly intimate with dis reputable women. Hadbeendesignatedthe"B Battery ram." This sobriquet was applied to him sometimes by young fellows. Do not remember ever having boasted that he had had an improper intimacy with one of the six " officers" of the "Tambour Major" troupe, but would not swear. First heard the Bunyip paragraph .read in his hearing in the non-commissioned" officers' club, but did not adopt it as referring to him, nor did any one eay that it was not nice fora gentieman to act as the paragraph stated. Would swear that the BuUttin paragraph did not contain his name, and for uiat reason he did not faJ"* proceedings, and also because it might have referred to any son of Abraham. Had altered the whiskers on his face lately, but could not remember when. Took the sidelights off his face about two or three months ago, and after letting them grow had lately shaved them off. Would swear that he had never looked into a side window of the theatre. Waa never on McDonald's roof. Was never pow dered by ladies. Had never tried to look at ladies dressing either through a door or a window. Had contradicted fine state ment of the Bunyip to Sergeant LQlywhite in the presence of one or two other men. Never thought that during the past two yean he was looked upon as the person who looked into the window. If Lena Carey said he was the person she told mi untruth. Major Francis Downes, Colonel of the Royal Artillery and Commandant of the Forces in South Australia, said he knew Sergeant Moss Samuel Solomon, of B Bit tery. He applied for a commission as lieute nant in the artillery about six weeks ago. Had seen the article in the Bunyip of March 23. The first portion of the article applied 1 to Sergeant Solomon, of B Battery, the second portion to Lieut. Daniels A.R., and the third, by name, to Captain Curtis, A. R. Sergeant Solomon had passed his examination, oat had not been recom mended for a commission, because his (the colonel's) attention had been directed to the article in question. By Mr. Smith.—lf any of his officers were guilty of the ungentle manly conduct mentioned in the article, he would be glad to hear of it, either directly or anonymously. Had heard a rnmor concern ing Sergeant Solomon before Good Friday; but it might have been en Good Friday. Benjamin Solomon, major commanding B Battery, knew the prosecutor, who was a sergeant in his battery. Knew that he had applied through him for a commission an lieutenant "Had read the Bunyip article which referred to Sergeant Solomon. If one of his men had been guilty of such conduct as was described in the paper he would report it to his superior officer. George Cahill, stage carpenter at the Theatre Rojal, said he remembered the "Tambour Major" operatic troupe perform ing at the Theatre RoyaL Remembered a man (retting on the roof of Theatre Royal, but did not tee him. Brought him into the ttcalre, receiving him from Mr. McDoa?ldV ostler. Took him into the Theatre Royal and Landed him over to Mr. Harwood or Mr. John Wallace. The man whom he took in was not. Solomon as he is now. By Mr. Smith—Did not take any particular notice of him, but thought he was a little lame. This occurred about two years ago. "Tambour Major' was being performed, and it was 3OBt as the second act was coming on that he too* the persons into the theatre. Sophia Ford, wife of the wardrobe nwuager at the Theatre RoyaL stated that she was encaged at the Theatre Royal, when the " Tambour Major"operatic troupe were per forming there. B^?"1156^* 116;^^; stance of a man being taken ?**? the pr^yroomaudlK^whitewashed. AUtte ladies were present at the whitewashing. Did n^doanythinitotteinan. Hadanoppor tunity of noti3rjg the person. Knew Mr. Solomon. He was not the man. Had known htanWorsixyeara. By Mr. Smrfh-It is five or six years smce she first knew com nlunant. Was engaged as an officer in the K^manoTof'^mbour Major" tte night sbuh looked into the window. The person did not look into her room. Sto eawtfies?an in the property-room from the door where she was sfiuodiM ?Jnong seven otter offioem They wereaff crushed close to the door, not standing in open arder. All the ladies were collected in and outside the property-room. Did nothear the victim eay "Pray, dont," when being whitewashed. He might have done so, but she did not hear him. Toe man was rot Solomon, as ahe knew the person who looked into the window; bis name was Isaacs. His name was not suggested to her by complainant who cxme to her about a week ago, when -be*rots- the letter to him. Kaew li&tci; well, acd thought she saw him or bis brother in Bundle-street last Saturday night. Sir. Solomon had seen her twice about the scandal. Saw the man plainly before he was white washed, and would swear it was not Salomon, the plaintiff. Annie Smith, single woman, st&Aed; tliit she was engaged at the Theatre Rival during the per formtnee of " Tambour Major." K > Bcerulitttd a man being caught on the stable of Sir. Mcl>ocald's Hotel. He was taken into tbe room acd powdered. Mr. Saloaoa is not the mar. By Mr. Smi'h—A>n on!- of tbe Smiths who appeared before hi'. Beddirae on & chargc"of beating Constab'.e >niith at >.o!th Adelaide some time a?"". Was one i.i the chorus girla in tbe open "Tanibonr Major." Mr. Smith—Arsd a very eood one too.* Wit cess—Yes ; I htve a good voice. WiSccss continued—The powdering was ?'ore in a fsrge room of tbe Tiiea'.re Royal. Could cot get into the room as it was crowded. Saw th<? mm who ?ss powdered at the Theatre Royal ia 15ucd!e street last Saturday night No one pointed the man out to ber, but he was after, -wards pointed out to her by a reporter who joined hers. If and Mr*. Ford in Randlc irrett. Did not know the plaintiff by name until it was mentioned in court, but had known him a little by sight. Mr. Cox here got into the box and put in a letter (which will be found lower down) from tbe defendant, dated April 5. This closed tbe plaintiffa case. Mr. Smith was about to proceed with a few opening remarks on the law of libel, when Mr. Bcddomc interruptirg him stated th?t he j intended to send the case on for trial ia a I higher court. Mr. Smith—All right your worship; then 111 call my witnesses; but I'll undertake to say that when the Attorney-General sees the depositions he will no*. Mir. Smith then called the following evidence: — Srrpcant Lilly white stated that he hid not read tbe article in the Bunyip, but he hi<i read the liullttin paragraph, and ciiafF^d Cu* plaintiff about it. It was about eighteen months or two years azo since be aad of.ier men chaffed Solomon about the Bulletin p-r? \--grapb. Had never heard Solomoa coatridici it except a month or six weeks a?o. By Mr. Wadey—Had not heard him contra dict it in tbe presence of Sergeant Thornton. Gecrce Win. Stacey, clerk cf works at Largs Bay. acd late a sergeant in the Artil lery, said he had known Solomon for two or three yean. Had heard Solomon chaffed by men about looking into a ladies' dressing room at the Theatre Royal window aad get ting whitewashed for it, but never heard him deny the charge. Knew that Soloaioa ! wanted to bring a lady to a party, and the witness objected to her, and she wa* no: al'owrd to come. By Mr. Wadey—Never heard him deny the paragraph, but he rather seemed proal of it, acd had told them of several other exploits. He cccmcd to greatly enjoy the chaffing wbidi he received en the subject. Joteph Noel Perry, brigade-serccuit-majar in tbe Artillery, stated he knew the prose cutor, acd had heard him chaffed in the Kon ccmn- tsicned Officers' Club about a little o<-ar?de on a roof with a cat. By Mr. Wadey—Sever took the trouble to stccrtain .whether it was Solomon who was referred to in the Bulletin article. Had beard Solomon say in the club that he w&% cot the hero. Believed that Sergeant* Stacey and Thornton were present when Solomoa denied that be w?s mixed up in the matter. Frederick Harrie Linkliter, barrister-at law, and defendant in the case, stated that he was the Adelaide correspondent for the Etw.yip and for the London Era, and two years ago was editor of the Adelaide Bulletin. Was the writer of the article in " Town Talk " by "Pelt*," which appeared in the Banyip on March 23, which he wrote on the authority of bis own eyesight. As editor of the Bulletin he had the privilege of free entrei to tbe Theatre BoyaL One evening about two years ago be was standing about twenty feet from the stage door and heard some one say *' a man is on the ronf." Shortly afterarards ?aw s man near McDonald's stable, and saw another man take him into the theatre through tbe stage-door, pissing witness, who moved aside to allow him to p?si, and recognised him as tbe plsiatiff. The man who was taken in remained in some KtUe time, and witness walked to the foot of the stage .door. In a few minutes he came cut in a very whitened condition. Had a good-view of the person as he came out, and would swear positively that'the prosecutor was the man. Published an account of tbc ccurrence in the next issue of the BuUtiia. The following letter was here put in aad read :—" Victoria Chambers, Flinders street. April 5, ISS3. Messrs. Wadey znd Cox, solicitor*. Dear sin—ln answer to your letter of to- day, I beg leave to correct your statement that I made a conditional offer on behalf of Me Barnet to give np the name of his correspondent. The condition inserted in my letter was no more than the one implied in your own letter of April 2, viz, that if He. Barmt disclose! the name of his correspon dent, he would be freed from the proceeding which yon threatened if he did not do so. My embodiment of the condition that I nosp dispense with its repetition as Mr. Bsrnet'd attorney, compared witbyouroriginal request, for which compliance you have extended the time in yoor interview with me aud Mr. Matthews; and I therefore announce to you that the town correspondent of the Binyift who writes ncder the name of " Pelts," and who wrote the article of March 23, is myself: and I beg leave to add that aa account of the occurrence in the rear of the theatre was publifcfced in the Bulletin some tiro yean ago, and Mr. Solomon, your client, was there named aa the hero. I desire to also add that I myself witnessed the whole affair, in cluding the punishment infliffti'd by the ladies, and was an amused spectator of its ghostly result. If your client, animated after two yean by a sadden access of self-respect, is ?o ill-advised as to proceed I shall have no hesitation in proving the above facts, and i that jour client has admitted **">*"- And I have no hesitation in saying from my know, ledge of the army and volunteers (in a distin guubed corps in which I have served) that it was a matter of tbe highest importance to the force and to the public that respectable citi zens who undertake to defend their country should not have such an officer to lead them in the field without the force and the peblic being both made well aware j of it.—Yours truly, Feed H. Unklater." Witness continued~~Mr. Solomon's name was pat in the Bulletin article. It was either Hoses Solomon or Solomon Moaea,B?efore he wrote the article in the Bvnyip, heard that it was common talk that the plaintiff was trying to get pro moted in tbe force. By Mr. Wadey—Would not swear that {Scot* Smith spoke to bim in reference to the article before it was written. Objected to cay who anpptied him with the particulars for the other two article*. Was a member of the Devil's Own, in liondoa, and applied to Colonel Downes fora commission, but it was withdrawn by witness aa a misapprehension existed as to the defendant's holding a cam. mission in London. Had not seen the defen dant before the night in question. Lieutenant Wilkinson, A.B , stated that he was a member of the Civil Service, and at one ' time eketcbed the cartoons for the BuMttin. Was at tbe theatre on the night that the man was found on the roof, and heard it talked about in the saloon. Next morning spoke to Mr. Roach, the editor of the paper, about it This dosed the defendant's case, and Mr. Beddome committed him for trial, bail being ' allowed in one surety of £50 and two for £25 each. 