OB1OKET. VICTORIA V. NEW SOUTH WALES. [By Telegraph.! Melbourne, December 26, The thirty-first match between the colonies of Victoria and New South Wales was com menced on -the Melbourne Cricket Ground to-day in the presence of an enormous body of spectators. The rain which fell during the previous night and early in the morning would, it was feared, not only interfere with tbe i-iay but deter a large number from attending. Fortunately, however, these jloorny anticipations were not realised, the weather clearing towards noon, and with the exception cf one slight shower, which was not sufficiently severe to necessitate the ces sation of play, the weather during the day was all that could be desired. The New South Wales players were on the present occasion weakened by the absence of Spofiorth aad Massie, and in consequence of this, coupled with the knowledge that the Victorian Eleven was a remarkably strong one, public opinion declared that the representatives of this colony must score a very easy win. Black bam captained the Victorians, whilst Mur 'Joch performed a similar duty for the .Sew South Wales team. The latter were fortunate in winning the toss, and of course elected to bat. The New South Wales man were in splendid fettle with the willow, and had only lost four wickets for 27S when time was called. Murdoch played a magnificent innings of 15S, while Jones displayed bril liant cricket for his 52. The fielding of the Victorians was not first-oiass all rouai although a number of individual instances to the contrary were noticeable. The absence of Cooper as a trundler was very severely felt, as on a perfect wicket like that of to-day he is, without doubt, unequalled in the colony. No less than seven bowlers were tried, but the batsmen were too good for them. Palmer ob tained two out of the four wickets, aad Mid winter and Horan the other two. The Play. The coin fell propitiously for the New South Wales captain (ftlurdaeli), wbo decided to take advantage of a good wicket. The Victorians took the field shortiy after 12 o'clock, the Ne* Sjuth Wtlrhmtn being represented at the wickets by Bannerman and Murdoch. McShane and Palmer opened the bowling, the former sending down his first over from the pavilion end to Sannerman. Both bats men played cautiously, but with great con fidence, and a long partnership was antici pated. The score mounted slowly by singles and pairs till 20 was reached, when B inner- man sent Palmer nicely to leg for 4, Murdoch following suit to shore leg for 1 from McShane. Shortly after this Bannerman was clean bowled by. Palmer, and the board showed 1—12—30. Jones followed, and Midwinter appealed unsuccessfully for a catch in the slips from Murdoch off McShane. After several uneventful overs, Jones punished a short-pitched one of McShane's, sending it to the chains for 1, and bringing 40 into view. Boyle relieved McShane, and the scoring bBcame very lively, thanks to Murdoch. Runs mounted rapidly till Gi) was reached, when ttonm went on to bowl vice Palmer. Before another run was added there was an adjournment for lunch, the score then standing at 69 for one wicket, Murdoch and Jones having 41 aad 12 respectively to credit. After the usual in terval the game was resumed by Palmer going on at his old end, Boyle being the other tiundler. Hslf a dozen overs having been delivered, Murdoch drove Boyle to the off for 4, all run out. Shortly afterwards SO appeared. Scott went on vice Boyle, Id Palmer's next over Boyle made a grand effort to catch Murdoch at short mid- on, but could only touch tbe ball. A two drive to Mur doch off Scott, and OOjWenfc up, and after a few mere overs the century appeared amidst cheers. When 2 more runs were added Midwinter relieved Palmer, and runs came more slowly. After 110 had been recorded, Jones sent Scott to leg for 3, Murdoch driv ing the next beautifully for a like number. Palmer went on at the railway end, aad Jones snicked him to leg for a quartette. 120 up. When another 10 had been recorded a slight shower fell, and the bowlershad to use sawdust. Butts now came rapidly, and Jones sent 150 in view by hitting Palmer to leg for 4. Murdoch drove Palmer to the off-chains for 4, and McShane relieved Palmer. The score then stood at 15S, Oae hundred and sixty appeared by singles, shortly after which Horan relieved Mid winter. The change had the desired effect, as Jones was splendidly held at leg by Walters off Horan's second ball. 2— 52— 168. Jones played splendid cricket, and received an ora tion on returning to the pavilion. Moses rilled the vacancy, and after Murdoch had made a single cut Horan for a couple, bringing 170 up. Murdoch nest drove McShane to the off for 3, making bis century. This was re ceived with a round of applause. A bad piece of fielding on the part of McShane gave 3 to Moses,andMurdochdrove Horan fora triplet — ISO up. A short adjournment for refresh ments now took place. On resuming Palmer went on in place of McShane, and Murdoch punished him by hitting him twice for quar tettes, bringing 190 up. The second century was not long in appearing, principally through the agency of Moses. Another change in the bowling now occurred, Boyle replacing Palmer. Still runs mounted up surely, and at 217 Lewis took the bill from Boyle. Murdoch hitting him to leg for 4 first ball— 220 up. Palmer soon after this went on again at bis old end vice Horan, and signalised this by clean bowling Moaes. 3— ] S— 231. Evans succeeded, and after scoring a couple was let off by Blackham, behind the sticks. Blackham had a chance to catch Turn off Palmer ; the ball, however, struck his knee and bounded off within easy reach of Bonnor in theslips.butBonnordidnotappearto realise bis opportunity. At 240 Scott relieved Lewis. When 6 more runs were added Horan went on at his old end vice Palmer. Just before 250 was reached Midwinter took the ball from Scott at the pavilion end, and in his second over caught and bowled Murdoch, who hit the ball hard back to him. 4-158-260. The New South Wales captain was loudly ap plauded on returning to the pavilion. His innings was a perfect one, with only a ghost of a chance to Boyle early in the innings. Garrett joined Evans, and Horan was re placed by Palmer. These two batsmen kept up their wickets until time was called, the score then standing at 278. Melbourne, December 27. The intercolonial match,, which is exciting the greatest interest, was advanced another stage to-day, and promises to attract the at tention of the public for the remainder of the week. The weather which prevailed on the second day might have been made to order, so delightfully clear and bright was the state of the atmosphere. A large concourse of people witnessed the play, the number late in the afternoon reaching to about S.000. Very few overs sufficed to prove that the wicket was perfect and rendered the bowlers task a most disheartening one. Garrett and Evans, the not-out men, added 21 runs to the former score before MidwintereSectedadiasolution of partnership by clean bowling the Penrith player, who had shown excellent cricket for his runs. Garrett, assisted by Allen.defiedrepeated changes of bowling until the interval for luncheon, the two putting on 59 runs while they were associated. Up to that time Allen was showing extreme caution, and Garrett was meticg out unsparing punishment to any thing at all loose. After luncheon a happy inspiration induced Blackham to try Bonnor as a bowler, and the result proved eminently satisfactory, as both of the batsmen, who were well set and scoring quickly, ultimately fell to him. Bonnar started from the pavilion end, and in the act of delivering ran clean over the crease, inducing the umpire, Mr. Fletcher, to call out ' no-ball,' but the giant wasibaving a lark at his expense, and loud was the laughter when it was seen that the ball had never left his hand, and the discomfited umpire had up alternative but to join in the merriment his mistake had given rise to. Bonnor, placing nearly all his field on the oil side, made full use of his strength and swing, and sect down some catapult shots which threatened to knock Blackham clean off his legs. After 23 runs had been added to the score, only 7 of which were made off Bonnor, he captured Allen, who, playing a ball on, retired with 27 to his credit, the result of skilful and patient batting. A further triumph awaited the stalwart bowler, Garrett falling to him after 4 more runs had been made. This batsman, who had played a fearless and dashing innings for 64, hit one back with;tcrrific force, and Bonnor with one hand effected a catch, which was deservedly cheered to the echo. Nunn agreeably sur prised his friends by playing a soand innings for 24, and Cleeve, who carried his bat out, was well set and showing good form when the innings closed. Hall and Marr fell to Palmer without troubling the scorers. The New South Wales total amounted to 415. Palmer again bowled well, and the last few batsmen found him altogether too difficult, but Bonnor's opportune success was most fortunate for the Victorians. The home team fielded fairly well all round. Owing to the sudden illness of Mr. J. Swiftr the New South Wales umpire, Mr. Fletcher, of the Sydney University Club, officiated, but not with tbe success which invariably attends the gentleman^ for whom he was the substi tute, his decieion on Blackham's appeal for a run out against Cleeve being most palpably erroneous. Although the policy of the Victorian captain in putting in McDcnnell and Bonnor first was freely canvassed, the supporters of Victoria soon bepan to hope that their champions would make a good show against the formidable score of their opponents, both batsmen play ing excellent cricket, until at last the ex perienced Garrett, who had placed his field for what is technically known as the off system, sofsuccessfully adopted by Emmett ia Lord Harris's team, induced McDonnell to hit, and the Melbourne Club batsman retired for 15. By this time, however, the bcotb had reached 42, and Bozsnor, abstaining from gallery hits, continued playing very fine cricket. Driving hard along the torf until after compiling- 41, he played one forward with seeming indifference, and was caught. Horan, who is not out with 37, never batted better daring the whole of his career, and if the weather is again fine Percy Lewis is likely to score heavily also. The young Ballarat batsman, who played with extreme caution, deserves the highest commendation for the coolness he exhibited on his firat appearance in an intercolonial contest. Although tbe second Victorian wicket fell for nearly 100 runs less than the second on the New South Wales side, the Victorians are confident of equalling their opponents' scare, unless rain should intervene, their last fonr batemin being undoubtedly stronger than the tail end of the opposing team. Daring the luncheon hour Evans received a telegram conveying the melancholy news of his brother's death, arid of conne took no further part in the game, Blackham allowing Callachor to field for him. General sympathy was expressed with Evans, than whom a more deservedly popular cricketer was never known, and out of respect to him and bis brothers' memory the flag of the Victorian Cricketer's Association was hauled down from the grand stand immediately the sad r.ews was communicated. The match ?v- ill be resumed to'morrow. The Play. Play was resumed shortly after noon to d-i- by Garrett and Evans, the not out men on the previous evening taking their places at the wickets to the bowling of Midwinter and Palmer, the former of whom trundled from the pavilion end. Both batsmen commenced to bat freely, and runs came rapidly, Garrett doing most of the hitting. When the board showed 209 Midwinter clean bowled Evans, who played rather lazily. 5—33—299 was the record as Allen filled the breach. Before another run had been added Garrett drove one from Palmer hard back to the bowler, who managed to stop the sphere, but failed to hold it. The chance was a very difficult one. Immediately afterwards Allen sent the third century up by playing Mid winter for a single ; 310 was 'not long in appearing, after which McShane took the ball from Palmer. Garrett cut him fcr a triplet. The scoring became j slower after this, several maidens being sent down. Both bowlers now commenced to pitch short, consequently runs came more freely, Allen getting two fours for nice leg hits. After 330 appeared a 'change was con sidered desirable, and Scott was substituted fcr Midwinter. In McSbane's next Garret got 4 for a fluky snick, and 340 was re corded. Allen then got Scott away twice to leg for a quartette and a triplet, and Boyle relieved McShane, sending down a maiden. Garrett sent 350 up by driving Scott to the off chains for 4, after which Scott retired in favor of Horan. In Boyle's next over Garrett drove one very bard back, but it was too hot for the bowler, who injured his left hand in an attempt to bold it. Shortly after this an adjournment for lunch took place, the score standing at 368, Garrctt having made 48 and Allen 23. On resuming Bonror took the ball at the pavilion end, while Boyle went on in his old placp. Slow but sure scoring ensued till shortly after 370 appeared, when Palmer lelieved Beyle. After another 10 was re corded Bonrior clean bowled Allen, the board showing 6 — 27— 3SL Nunn succeeded, but soon lost his partner Garrett, who was caught and bowled by Bonnor. The catch was a magnificent one. Garrett played a splendid innings for his runs. 7— 64— 3S5 was recorded as Marr filled the breach : his stay, however, was only momentary, as he was caught by Walters at mid- on oil Palmer without scoring. S — 0 — 386. Cleeve was next man, and the partnership should have been dissolved after 390 was reached had McShane not fumbled the ball. Great ap plause greeted the appearance of the fourth century, which came in due course. Ckeve now played forward at one from Palmer, and juat managed to turn it from its ccu- se. Blackham as quick as lightning whipped off the bails and appealed for what looked like a certainty, but which was disallowed. Nunn drove Bonn or to the off cfaainB, and Cleeve seiit Palmer to leg for a triplet. 410 up. Midwinter now relieved Bonnor, and sent down a maiden. In Palmer's next BlacEham missed an opportunity of stumping Nunn, who went right out of his ground and i missed the ball. After an uneventful period Palmer bowled Nuon. EL&li;, the last man, went to the crease, Palmer took his wickets first tail, and the innings closed for 415\. Cleeve carried out his bat for 8. After the wickets had been well rolled New South Wales took the field. They were un fortunate enough to lose the services of Evans, who received a telegram from Sydney announcing the death of his brother. His place in the field was filled by Callachor. McDonnell and Bonnor were the first repre sentatives of Victoria, while Marr and Cieeve trundled for their colony. The former opened at the railway end to McDonnell. Singles were the order of the day till Bonnor drove Marr for 4. 10 up. Huns now came apace, and 4 byes brought 20 up. When 7 more runs were added Marr changed ends, replacing Cleeve, while Garrett took Marr's place at the railway end. Through loose fielding on the part of Callachor in the Ions-field Bonnor got 4, and 30 appeared. A triplet to Bonnor, and McDonnell sent Garrett to the off chains. 40 up. In attempting a similar feat with the next ball he was caught by Cleeve. 1 — 15—42. Horan joined Bonnor, and after several un eventful overs the scoring became fast, Bonnor punishing the bowling severely. At 53 Janes relieved Marr, and Horan cut his first for 3. Bonnor now got several 4's, all nice clean hits along the gras*. After an interval of very fast play Bonnor gave Garrett an easy chance at leg off Jones, which was taken. 2—47—74. Lewis came next. Horan got both -bowlers away to leg for triplets, and followed this up by a fine hit off Jones to leg for a quar tette, Lewis in the meantime getting a brace C* Garrett in the same direction. At 89 Gleeve went on at his old end vice Jones, and i 90 went up through two byes. Horan got the last of Cleeve's to leg for 4, and in the next over drove him for a triplet. Lewis sent the century up by driving Cleeve for a single. Nnnn now relieved Garrett, and Allen went on vice Cleeve. Soon after this time was called, the score standing at 107 for two wickets, Horan and Lewis carrying out their bats for 37 and 8 respectively. The following are the scores : — NEW SOUTH WJll.ES. Btnnennan, b. Palmer — ? 12 Murdoch, c. and b. Midwinter _ — — 15S Jones, c. Walters, b. Horan ? 53 Moses, b. Palmer _ _ _ .. -18 Evans, b. Midwinter ? 33 Garrett, c. and b. Bonnor _ — .. ..64 Allen b. Bonnor ? _ _ .. 37 Xnnn, b. Palrner _ _ — — . . 24 Matr, c. Walters, b. Palmer ? _ 0 Cleeve, not out .. ?„ .. .. — S Hall. h. Palmer _ _ ? _ 0 Sundries — .. . - ? ? — _16 Total ...._..-_ 412 BowliDg Analysis Balls. Enns. Mdns. Wkts. McShane _ 112 43 12 0 Palmer (3 to-baUs) „ 362 130 32 5 Boyle .. ... . 92 38 10 0 Horan ? 104 33 14 1 Le*is _ 24 10 3 0 Scott Cl no- ball).- -.76 3D i 0 Bonnor (1 no-ball) _ 76 28 S 2 Midwinter (1 no-ball) .. 196 70 16 2 Melbourne, December 2S. Play was resumed shortly after noon by Horan and Lewis, the not-out men, taking their places at the wickets to the bowling of Garrett and Evans. Buns came very slowly, both bowlers being well on. After he had added 10 to his score Lewis was clean bowled by Garrett, the ball breaking back nicely. 3—15—125. Midwinter joined Horan, and commenced to p_lay very carefully, punishing, however, anything loose. The score mounted slowly to 14S, when Midwinter was given out for a catch by Murdoch at point off Evans, a decision which the batsman evidently grumbled at. 4— 16— 14S. Scott was now associated with Horan, and some fine cricket was witnessed, both men playing freely and with great confidence. Whentheboardshowed 166 the first change in the bowling took place, Garrett giving place to Cleeve. After 5 more runs had been added, there was an adjourn ment for lunch, the score standing at 171 for four wickets, Horan and Scott being cot out with 64 and 13 to their credit. On resuming the batsman played with great caution, Evans and Garrett's bowling being well on. A triplet to each batsman, and 181 went up. After an interval 4 byes sent up MO in view. A change of bowling was now deemed advisable. Cleeve relieved Garrett andTVIarr took the ball from Evans. Cans still came, and 200 was greeted with loud applause when it made its appearance. 210 was not long in following. Scott got a triplet for a fise forward bit off Marr, and Allen relieved him, the board showing 217. Two singles to Horan and a quartette to the same player for a long leg- hit off Allen sent 220 up. Scott replied by driving Cleeve to the off chains, repeating tbe performance in the next over. 230 up. A single to Horan', and Scott again got on to Cleeve and drove him -him to the off chains for a quartette. Jones now relieved Cleeve, who had been punished severely, and 240 shortly ap peared, Horan sending Jones to leg for a couple. Scott got on to a loose one of Allen's, and sent it to the off for 3. He next snicked Jones for a like number, and 250 wss recorded. Bannerman now relieved Allen, and Boran sent him to leg for a brace. A slight adjournment hrre took place, the score standing at 253. On resuming Scott cut Jcnes for 2 and drove him for 4 to the \- if chains. Horan then made his century by hitting Jones to leg for 4, bringing 260 up. Bacnerman, who had been bowling overarm, now commenced to vary it with underarm, which, however, was of too soft a character to trouble the batsmen. 270 appeared by singles, and then Scott drove Jones beautl tifuliy to the tff chains for 4, 250 up. Scott drove Bannerman to the off for a triplet, one being for an overthrow, and 290 appeared. Evans now took the ball from Bannerman and bowled a maiden to Scott. Garrett replaced Jones, and Scott drove him to the chains for 4. Another maiden to Evans, and Garrett sent down the first wide of the match. Ih the next over Horan played Evans for 2, and after a dull interval hit Evans splendidly to leg for 4, bringing the third century up amidst great applause. Horan was again to the fore, bitting Garrett to ]pg Dicely, and running 4 for it. A short run, however, was called. Horan hit Garrett to the off for 2, one of which ought to have been saved had Marr not fumbled the b»lL The next balJ he played on to leg. It dropped dowt and rolled slowly on to the wicket, knocking off one bail, a piece of hard ]uck, as it was acknowledged to be ali round. ;?— ISO— SOW. Horan played a magnificent icnirgB without giving the ghost of a chance, snd received an ovation on retiring to the pavilion. Walters came next, and sent 310 up by cutting Garrctt nicely for a triplet. Two majdens followed shortly, after which Walters hit Evans very hard to leg. The ball struck Cleeve, who was close in, on the head, and glanced off high in air, 2 being run. The blow knocked down Cleeve, who appeared to be slightly stunned, but he did rot reliie. Scott sent 320 up by driving Garrttt to the off chains, and Walters cut Evacs nicely for 3. After 330 had appeared another adjournment took place. On resuming Garrett and Evans changed erde, but runs still came. Scott sent 340 up I by hitting Evans to leg for 4. At 350 Cleeve ! lelieved Evans, and Moses went on at the | other end vice Garrett. Very soon after this stumps were drawn for the day, the score standing- at 352 for five wickets, Sjott with 97 and Walters 21 not out respectively. The following are the scores :— NEW SOUTH WALES. First Innings. .. .. „ .. .. 412 VICTOBIA ?= First lnnir-rs. McDonnell, c Cleeve. b Garrett . . . . _ 15 BcDDor, c. Garrett, h. Jones ? _ 4 1 Horas, b. Garrett „ ? 123 j Lewis, b. Garrett ? _ 15 Baid^sinter, c. Murdoch, b. Evans _ .. _ 16 Fcott, not out ? _ „ ..97 Walters, not out ? 21 Sundries .. _ _ _ _ „ 21 TotaHor five -wicliets _ .. .. 35 1 : 