THE WORK GIRLS. My Dear Mr Editor, Do let a servant girl have her say. I have not patience with these work-girls, these pretend make up ladies ; it serves them right, all they get, and all they suffer; they richly deserve it, and uo better. If they delight in crowded stuffy rooms, and relish the smell of moleskin, and have no soul above stitch, stitch, stitch, machine, machine, machine, for nine mortal hours a day, for nothing a year and find themselves, so much the better for us. I have a good place and get ten shillings a week, the work is varied, but not hard; good quarters, plenty of fresh air and wholesome food. Kind people, master and mistress, and Jane over the road has been in her place this four years. We have good health, robust and strong; learn cooking, housekeeping ; have to look after the children sometimes. I have learned in my place to do everything to make a home comfortable and home happy. The only thing I have to find fault with is that they do not have prayTers at night, but tbis does not matter; I can say my prayers to myself. Jane over the road is going to be married to as smart and well-to-do lad as you would meet in a day's march, and I am to be married to Jemmy before Christmas, and master is going to give us a clock. But look, Mr Editor, at those miserable slips of work girls after they have been grinding at the machine for a couple of years, they arc the ghosts rf their former selves—they cau stitch and do nothing else ; could not make a basin of gruel or a spoonful of pap to save their Jives. What pretty wives aud mothers they will make, and all because they will he fine ladies, to strut the block in the evenings and exhibit the fine dress upon which they spend the miserable pittance they get after the first year, leaving their unfortunate parents to provide them with hoard and lodging. I have no patience with them, and hope that you will always be on the side of good, hard-working, honest, contented house-servants, as the stuff from which are made the thrifty, useful, con tented wives and loving mothers. Bridget. (G years in her place ; weighs list oih). 