FIEDORA. Romance of Love and Life in Aristo cratic Russia and Paris. Founded on the Tragic Drama of that Name B V VICTORIBN SARDOU, Author or " Diplomacy," " a Scrap of j'AI'KK," "Daniel Rochat," " Patri a," etc. CHAPTER XII. FOR THE GREATER OI.ORY OF RUSSIA. Enchanting as Paris may be to the rich bache lor foreigner, who can purchase anything he desires, and who can quench his thirst wherever his steps lead him to a restaurant chair, Tantalus fnlf. nnrni?B>i vhip.Ti rlnnrr tn f.ho nf one impoverished devil who wandered the dazzling Btreets on a faultless Sunday in June. It was in the West End; where there were gaps in the lines of open shops, a condescension to the prejudices of the English and American customers, which gave a peaceful foil to the brilliancy of the reckless profaners of the day. The impecunious lounger went up and down the broad boulevards several times on the qui vivc for a coin, a cigar, or any wait of consolation ; hut the gleaners had been before him, and noonday passed while he was still on his eager search. 'Jbc temptations to enjoy the country on such a lovely day was irresistible, so the public con veyances began to disappear, and in an hour the stands became empty, while the few crawling cabs were being rapidly snapped up. Thus the wretch fell more tlian ever lonely as be continued liis mechanical stroli, ceasing in com plete despair to look on the ground, though his licad was drooping. If this was life, then it was nil a dream that lie had ever feasted in splcndrous mansions, lolled on velvet cushions in palaces, smoked cigars as costly as a loll of bank notes of the same volume, and itrnnk wine, which none of those restaurant cellars could match, out of jewelled glass. Alas! Monsieur Desire, ex-valet to his late gay and gallant Excellency Captain Valdimir Garisli- kine, the removal of that Lothario from the scene of his ephemeral triumphs was a disastrous deed for thee I Yes, it was Desire, victim of theeleven per cent, ogre, who is called the beneficent pawnbroker, al ter having been that of the petty money-lender, who wns thus a famished laggard on the pavement. The heat of the sun increased, and his thirst re viving progressed apace with it. Clearly nothing was to be found where the sweepers were over- faithful, and lie turned down llie line Richelieu to the river. Rut at Hie Palais Royal he left the straight course. 'J'licie was such a crowd at the theatre for Hie matinee that lie couhl not pass easily, and lie shuddered to run the gauntlet of so many railing eyes. The gardens would lie quiet 011 that day and nt that hour, and at least there was refresh ment of a meagre sort in reclining 011 a bench under a tree, witli the drops of a fountain blown gently in lii.s face. Listlessly he watched the shop windows glittering with jewellery, with lnaiiyaiiolhersuch a watch as lie had worn in his halcyon ilays, and even such a gorgeous chronometer ami appur- tennnccs as the .lewj Tsehiletr had promised liitn for his share in securing him the contract for (iarishkinc's presents "when the wedding with the Princess Itomazoff came olf." TschilelT, the rogue— if the valet had only in sisted on pail payment in advance, in guise of a luck-peimy. What a pity Use old scoundrel was dead, as lie had recently read in Hie impels. To have him here, by the throat, and souse him in the fountain basin ! Zounds, the conceit was en-' joyable ! " What's that V Had lie the power to call up spirits, and all the way from Russia, tool Desire sprang up nnd rushed through Hie gate way under the arcade. It was the drowning man springing for the straw. lie was just in time to see Hie cause of his amazement enter by the door, subtly left open to prevent a customer being checked 011 the thres hold of one of tiie jewellery establishments. The mail was swarthy, with black beard and hair, his lingers covered wiih rings, his shirt front starred witli brilliants, and a jewelled " buttonhole'' holder containing an enamelled flower. " Rut, 1 can swear to the nose," cried Desire. "If that is not Tsehiletl, then he has a brother and that's he, and I'll claim a couple of francs on the strength of acquaintanceship with the late lamented." A Russian name was on Hie plate-glass window, newly appended under a French title and the words " succeeded by." The man, meanwhile had taken up his seal be hind the counter, with the air of being proprie tor. " He may call himself ' RoroiT,' or what he will "ending in an 'off,' remarked the ex-valet desper ately, " hut the more 1 look at him, the more I see the likeness. He must come out sooner or later, and then 1 shall strike him for live francs. 11c lind 110 trouble in hiding himself behind a pillar, thanks to his emaciation and a tight but toning up or liis fragile coat. His hungry eyes were fastened on the gleaming jewellery' ,-uul Hie radiant master of all these "infinite riches in a little room." Presently, there sauntered thither some ladies and gentlemen, some young and some not so young, who gazed in at the window, turned away, retraced their steps, and finally succumbed to Hie attractive bait. Desire saw tliem within at the counter trying 011 bracelets, listening to the tick ing of watches, and then they disappeared. They did not come out again, The grim story of liis childhood, about the street liald by, where a barber and a eooksliop keeper carried on a profitable partnership by the former shaving his patrons too deep in Hie throat and passing their remains under ground to the eating- house Ronifaee, whose reputation for delicate veal waxed prodigious, rose in Hie hungry spy's mind. It is justice to admit that, nil lie knew of Tsehiletl' supported the possibility of liis engag ing in similar transactions, lie shifted his position to "dodge" a scrgoant-de- ville, who did not approve 01" this shabby man polishing the column witli liis threadbare elbow, and then perceived the elucidation of the mystery. The jewellery store had a side entrance in a nar row passage. Rut still this mode of egress was suspicious. I shall tell him he is in connivance with charac ters who slum the light of day. nnd shall demand ten francs at the least I" said the shocked moral ist. "I beg your pardon I Did you speak to met" queried a stern, sliarp voice at liis side. He almost fell to the stones, and would have done so, hut for a happy catch at Hie gate pickets. "N — no I" lie stammered. The grave, hook-nosed gentleman entered the all-absorbing jeweller's. " That's a foreigner, a Russian," mused Desire, "and I have seen him before, too." lie cudgelled his brains, beclouded with the phantoms of famine, and then thought triumphantly: "It is the l'olice-Major who bullied me during the investiga tion about the murder of my master. It's — liis name was— was — Wretch — no, no, Grctch. 1 remember it because he reminded me of the devi who persecuted Gretchcn in the opera." He laughed at liis new discovery in mnemon ics. " More than ever I am willing to wager that it is Tscliilcff's own brother. 1 shall exact twenty- tive francs, and promise to call again when the l'olice-Major is not present !" G rcich, like the others, vanished from the shop : hut, unlike thorn, did not leave by thesidealoor. " All I ."there's a little hack room where I'll he hound," '('loaned Desire. " there's a bottle and bis cuits. Those Russian police agents can never <lo anything without their brandy." His mouth watered, hut almost instantly it fell in surpri-e greater than ever. M. Ri.le.-law l the celebrated gentleman pian ist I" lie exclaimed. " He, too, is going in there : and vol, the Lord knows ! he ought to he in 110 want ( f diamonds. Well, I may he mistaken for once. Inn he will net lie there twenty minute . my " id upon it I h.it.a lady fond of music will be 0:1 He -jot! He's a perfect magnet for the In hall an hour, sine enough, which he was too little intcie-ted to call lorpg. a lady did appear, and in such .magiiiliceuce, too, us to startle the scanty loungers in the corridor. Before her waikc-d a sort of steward, with a gold chain over his coat, and behind licr two giant footmen. 'The Countess Sukarcff I" ejaculated Desire, who was on his own ground in announcing nobili ties of the upper class. " Look bow the Tsehileff twin bows to licr till his nose threatens the counter-case 1 How long could he bend if a prin cess was the next to— 'Speak of Angels!'" he muttered, in terror at the magic which seemed that day at his command, save when lie sighed for something edible, "It is a Princess I The Princess Itomazoff I Ah !" lie added, in glee, " Tsehileff may be hanged now. She lias a heart for a fine lady, and she loved my master I It is no twenty-franc matter now I and I shall dine like a potentate at the Frercs yonder, this even ing I" So assured was he of his rosy fnture — for a day or two — now that his appetite was appeased. " It is Tsehileff I" he pondered. " I can sec his white hairs where the dye has failed to take ! The old fox has pretended to die and has been buried by deputy. After I spend the purse due to the Princess's kindness, I shall return and 'tan ' him, under penalty of showing him up in the Press or betraying' him to the Russ — no, that's no use, since II. Grctch is on visiting terms. Anyway, 1 sliall make him sing to the tune I pitch." S till waiting, lint quite jovial now, and even whistling a Russian (Lance, he allowed several other guests, not to call them customers, of the jeweller to pass into Hie store and be swallowed up in the certainly capacious rear parlours. They were seen to steal foitli by the side way, where the footmen now lingered, but neither the Princess, the Countess, nor the police ollieer took their leave. " ' "They are waiting f„r some great person." he muttered, delighted at the talent he was .-bowing to himself for espial nnd reasoning upon imperfect indications, " and the best cornes last ! Can it he the Czar who lias come incog, to buy a bomb-proof crown at Paris !" Rut the next to arrive at this general rendezvous was a dark and pretty girl, dressed plainly but becomingly, in 110 foreign style, who only passed into the shop to confer with the proprietor. He came to the door with licr when their short parley was over, arid Desire heard them exchange their parting words, luckily in French. 'The man said, in Tscliilcff's characteristic pip ing voice : " iler Highness is there, expecting tiie General."- The yonng woman said, in a voice not unfamiliar to the unsuspected hearer : "Then you are quite right in preventing her seeing me as I am 1" and lightly tripped away. Desire could not refrain from following her a few steps before lie remem bered his sliahbine-s of apparel, so eminently at tractive was she and so real a Parisian was he in liis amorous self-conecit, but pulling himself up short, lie stood puzzled. "Now, that's somebody I know very well, even better than G retch and Tsehileff. I have not gained much by my flight from St. Petersburg if i am still to remain on familiar ground — in a country full of memories." Rut in vain did lie cudgel his wits, proviou-lv so prompt to respond. The pretty girl was nameless and not to he located with certainty. " Pray heaven the Princess lias not departed in iny brief absence." But no I Had not the jeweller declared she was lingering to see the " General "The General! Is that tiie incognito of his Imperial Majesty I" self-queried the valet. "No. What an imbecile 1 have become I The General is General Garishkine, for here lie come?." In liis excitement lie had certainly spoken the name aloud, for a beggar woman, encumbered witli a child, suddenly touching his arms, whis pered witli a foreign accent and an appealing tone : — " I beg your pardon, good gentleman, but if that is His Excellency the Russian General Garishkine, would you kindly hand him this petition.' It is on beliulf of an old soldier, my husband, who served liirn faithfully as you, M. Desire, did liis son." While stupefied by his name falling so fluently from the stranger's lips, lie felt a folded paper thrust into his hand, opening like liis mouth, in surprise, nnd Hie woman glided noi?elC"ly away and wns lost to liis bewildered gaze in u group of children playing under the trees, .Still petrified, he stood there, after reeling against the piliar, while lie let the old General march by and into the store, obsequiously received by Hie proprietor, who outdid by far the bow to the patrician lady which Desire had thought excessive. In recovering from his stupuur, a new resolve impelled the valet. He boldly went to the glass door which the jeweller was clu-ing completely this time, as if no more callers were due, and upon that person's turning to see who thrust his fool against (lie lower panel, the Frenchman said in liis blandest voice : " Charmed to renew on my own ground our old acquaintance begun in Hie Garishkine mansion, nnd will you please to hand this little petition to liis high nobility, the General Garishkine, Minister of the Interior, to liis Imperial Majesty, the Czar of all the ltussias, and ciiief of the Third Section of the Cabinet, vulgarly 'called the Secret I'olice.' 1 Then, with a bow which a valet of Lord Chester . field would not have disowned, lie added : ' J shrill see you later, M. Tsehileff-Dorofl !" In themeantime tiie General had proceeded within the little room which, as Desire had at length divined, wns an office of the Russian police at Paris, watched closely by the Nihilistic police, to which, it may be stated, the beggar-woman be longed. Garishkine found there Hie two ladies and Colonel Gretch, who were impatiently awaiting liira, the Countess to receive a treasury order for licr recent services, licr expensive establishment requiring prompt payments ; and having obtained which, she departed joyfully, so joyfully, that she did not perceive the downcast look of M. 1'scliileii', tiie masquerading jeweller. 'The other lady and the police ofliccr looked at the General with equally anxious eyes ; they hud heard that he had resolutely rejected an offer of a vice-royalty of a province in the Asiatic terri tory, offered under the pita that he required rest after Hie loss in liis family. They had concluded from liis refusal that lie preferred the Home Ministry, which allowed large and lucrative specu lations, much richer than the Dial mines, or. in the Princess Romazoff's opinion alone, that liis desire to be avenged on his son's murderer deter mined hint to retain the means of directing all the weapons in that vast police armoury against that object. General Garishkine had not recovered from the shock, liis voice, figure, manner, all evinced thai lie was still a man of iron, but liis temper was deteriorated. " G reat good iiervs, my father I" cried Ftedora, enthusiastically, I have made the acquaintance of that human dagger of the detestable Nihilists, Count Ipanoff ; he is upon my visiting list." " And suspects nothing 1" " My betrothal was never formally published," she observed, "it is given out here that f am compromised in the latest atrocity devised at the chateau of Tbonon, aud an autograph letter of the Rebel Prince (Krapotkine) lias won for me the entire confidence of liis friends and Hie party. All, my father," she went oil, with bitterness, " if I have stooped to this abject travesty, it is because the shade of our slaughtered Vladimir points to liis wound when I see him of a night, and shrieks, ' Revenge me !' " , Gretch did not even shrug liis shoulders at this . evidence of the Princess's early revolting at her ignoble duty. '"General," he said, whilst the lady adjusted lier dolman for going out. "He is a singularly col lected man, 1 our assassin.' He used the pronoun with tiie unction of a policeman who relishes the idea of having superior criminals to battle with. " But we shall get the betteFof him ! Look at her Highness I beautiful enough" to turn the licad of a statue ! she will not bo distressed to make him love her desperately. One or two of the passion ate promises that those lips can easily frame will subjugate him, aud he will show her all those proofs that we await before we can administer the holy justice of our master in Russia." "There is a striking resemblance to Tsehileff, the jeweller, in that man who showed me in," re marked the Prince--, who. of course, had heard nothing of this singular eulogy spoken in an under tone. " There ought to be, though I wish there were not," returned Colonel Gretch, the General, falling Into gloom at the revival of memories of his son, paying no attention to their dialogue. " I have heard he can reset a stone so that the cutter thereof could not recognise it, but he cannot dis guise himself better than a mountebank's clown. It is Tsehileff, your Highness, and as much a ras cal as ever ! not worth the weight of the bushel of stones that was buried in the coffin under hi3 name plate I 1 warn you, trust him not nt nil." " 1 thought lie hardly would have died," re plied Fcedor, carelessly. " A miser like him— it would have cut him too keenly to give up even the ghost." When she had left them, Grctch waited a few minutes, steadfastly contemplating the Minister. At last the latter looked up with an inquiring glance, all that had passed concerning the jeweller contractor quite ignored. " Yes, your Excellency," replied Grctcli, equally as oblivious to oblige him, " unless this Ipanoff is absolutely a Joseph, her Highness, so dazzling with attractions, will wring from him the confession of his crime. And thereupon — " " Thereupon — " " That depends on the Paris police. ' ' You are on good terms " Excellent. Fee my card." He exhibited a piece of pasteboard, on which was impressed and written the equivalent terms in French for : " M. Teherg. Cabinet of the Safety, Prefecture of the Police at Paris." " Duly countersigned, he said. " Teherg — Gretch — it's the same man. My confreres have done mc the honour to put me on the roll." " And the others ?" "The Prince's police," rejoined the Russian, with a curl of the lip. " They are amateurs. 1 warrant, your Excellency, that my men have -0 perfectly baffled them that you will not be an noyed here, as I hear you were in llcrln, by even a scoundrel in the ranks of the Kiap>otikincso.'' "Very well, I shall tell his Majesty" — they had put on their hats after the departure of the lady, but now they removed tlicm in reverence to the head of the State and Church — " that nowhere at home Is he so faithfully served as here, though the shadow of his sceptre may not fail so far." " Fay not the shadow, "your Excellency, rather put it that the rays of his Majesty's glory even illumine and gladden the royal subject in the heart of France." After which speech, decidedly pretty to have come from the rugged soldier, he wit!: die '.v. Only a minute later, tiie General drew hi- long diab dust coat around him and took ujr iiis ean«\ ' ' I know I can depend on Gretch, 'whom I have made a Colonel, and who will not be" a General in IfetLi except through me. As for F-cdcia, she loved iny son, and cherishes his memory too devoutly not to be the remorseless instrument of Nemesis A1I goes well, then. And when I dial! have caged that redoubtable Nihilist, woe to the lesser vermin that cluster round such pitiless ns-n«ins of all that was brave and wortiiy of affection. " Tsehileff, who had no doubt that he was re cognised, or that Colonel Grctch reserved no secrets from his chief, came round ins counter in a succession of bows, which moved him forward like a hoojisnnko. " A j-etition, your excellent Excellency," lie whined, holding out a paper, which Garishkine took ami began mechanically to unfold. " It i- from a poor fellow who had the signal honour to be the valet of your late son, Captain Vladimir, and any jkimlne-g yon can do him, your Excellency, I am sure from the miserable aspect of liiin. will be a charity for which lie will ever pray — " Reyond question, there was a -park of kindness in tiie Jew's breast ; perhaps hi- visit to the other wurid bad taught him something that way. He stopped speaking suddenly. The General had no sooner read Hie curt lin-'S ujion the paper, printed in largo red Sclavonic characters, than lie crushed i. in liis list as if it was a viper that bad st'xig him. Then giving the jeweller a ploreixy gaze v.'iioh mn.de his very -uul .shrink, lie said, in sullen rage : "It is well. It -ball be attended to. And you shall not ho unrewarded for being this man's intermediary." After the door had been closed. Tsehileff sit down in Hie inner room, having ordered a shop man, who returned from a surprisingly long errand, to put up the Shutters (ironically letter -d " Closed cti Sundays anil holidays,") and then he donr.ed liis gold; tns-clled smoking-eap. " It is the voice of Jacob. but tiie coat of E-a.i." lie said. " The General spoke in an angry tone, and his eyes were severe, while tiie promise w.. — was promising enough. O11 Hie whole, I'll be generous to M. Desire. I'll cquij) liiin in a ehr- i snit, and put a Napoleon in his pocket, an alumi num watch in his fob. and a three-fran e-'i. y dinner under tiiem all before 1 lind him a jihiee iu a grand house where my lady is careless how she leaves her diamonds about." He was as good a- hi- word, and when M. D -i'.'e rapped at the side-door at dark, lie was welcomed like a prodigal son. Rut hardly would M. Tsehileff" have gone to this outlay, an-.: this out burst of friendship, unique to bun on either side . . f his grave so far. had he known that the paper which lie had handed to General Garishkine bore these wor Is : " Thou art come on a shameful mis-i-ei. Re on thy guard, for tiiou art condemned to Hie fill of thy libertine son. 'J'tiK Committer or F.u i: ; r."1 CHARTER XIII. WAS I'.VF.I! WOMAN IN THIS 1IIMG0I: WOOED .' Though do Sivicx might impart to his intimates liis unutterable opinion that Itoleslaw wns a hum bug the latter'.- fame in Ran- swelled like a snow ball rolling down hill. If the statesman in embryo disparaged the pianist, on the reverse Madam de tilery and her coterie lauded him to the stars, among which they averred his throne was tit to be placed. Her enthusiasm culminated in giving up her drawing'-room to the l'ole for a concert to benefit the sufferers by the overflow of the Volga, a stream of wlius" location mi the map not two of licr compatriot gue-ts laid the gho-loi'u notion, J he afternoon was a lovely one, and the im provised concert-voom was crowded. Soon fatigued by the intermediate llouri-lie- of a grand morceau d'c-nscmbie for three left hands, which Rolcslaw had invented as a musical e.'cea- tricity which would immortalise the !!nrono<s Clery's house as the scene of lis production, Fount Ipanoff, not even missed by Jl.de Siriex,wiiolistetie 1 to liis rival's effusion in a crushed attitude to which the beaming lioUe-s was -uiblimcly indif ferent, sought fresh air in the adjoining room. He hail need of loiiclinc-s, (no, to let his thoughts have ample verge. F.e lota had ojiene 1 her camjiaign. as she promised the General, and he was fretting because lie had not seen her during -IS hours. It was. therefore, with rapturous relief that lie saw Iter cuter the room. . " Your Highness !" exclaimed he. 'out without, any violence, deej> though liis sorrow, if not utvc cr, was at seeing that tin: lady was unaccountably but evidently bent on igxn.ving M- proximity, as she proceeded directly towards Hie room where Hi.: perennial Rolcslaw was strumming us principal of that sinister demonstration. Fiedora turned with a well-feigned start of sur prise and held 0111 her -hand, without any hesita tion, to him. Little could he therefore imagine with what eyes, 111 stern reality, she regarded iiim. Crowned with l-o-es lie saw her. but around her heart was a wreath of iiiorn-. The Russian fine lady has marvellous self- command, be it avowed, for, as in the farther Fast, si v often is ' the verit able male," to use Jliehelci's v.-onl for tiie pre ponderant part she plays in Museovite -ouiety. Yes, Ftedora extended to liiin her arm. but lie was unable to divine, he had no inkling whatever, tlin the portrait of Vladimir Garishkine looked out at him from the medallion oil her ho-em. and that the " Semper " gleaming in ruby upon the bracelet around that very arm constantly reminded her that she had sworn to keep her vow of retaliation. "Is this still you she ejaculated with pretty astonishment. " I heard that you loft town." " Without bidding you formal farewell .' ' he re plied, pained again at the absence of interest. I do not think you eoukl join the parrot cry of our defainers and wrong your countryman by believ ing him such a barbarian." Flie smiled faintly, and waved her hand toward the room where the piano resounded. 1 " 1 prefer the music of your voice I" hcanswored to the question in pantomime. " Jt looks as if, though merely in recompense for the compliment, I must dislodge M. Rolcslaw and sing yon something." He clasped his lmnds, not altogether in jest, by way of supplication. There was a huge white bear-kin lounge there, a memento of the unfortunate Nimrod's exploit- in the wilds of Kazan, and the i'rineess sat down upon it, and even made room for the gentleman to sit by her side. But he took the chair that faced her, as if he had not understood the invitation. 1 It was a charming room for a tete-a-tete, a boudoir of the Baroness on ordinary days, lit re pository of loving avowals, a quiet nest which few would expect to find in busy Ravi-. On one hand, it is true, the piano and Coleslaw's Toice were nudible, but subdued by distance ; without, the street was not sending up any clatter of vehicles, the visitors had all arrived, "and he coachmen and footmen were dozing. Three or four minute.- floated by in mutual c >n- templation. In the merciless monster of Nitrli-ui. Ftedora perceived so much geniality, tenderness of thought, seductive qualities and manly sweetness that she feared for the first time that a fresh com plication was beginning to heighten the difficulties in her task. For his part Ipanoff examined her too eagerly not to discover that while never more beautiful, yet in the few days which had elapsed since he last saw her, a change had come over Fccdora, a shadow had encompassed her. Her eyes were slightly surrounded by gloom ; her bloom was les3 lustrous, and the corners of her mouth were for getting to smile. Lately .she had shed tears, not as before in pure sorrowful remembrance of Vladimir, Ehot to the death so pitcously ; but in the new world of i'aris, finding the supposed assassin a worthy nobleman nnd devoid of any trait rough and brutal, she commenced to falter, to reason, and to fear that some hindrance would rise between licr 6tep and the neck she would plant her foot upon. " You are very quiet. What mischief have you bec-n engaged upon this fine day 1" He remained silent, and liis brow darkened. " Had I not better ask," -he immediately after wards added, "what good have you been about I" ' Yes. 1 have been thinking of you ail the day." "All the time she repeated, as literally accu rate in rcjiotilion as a woman cares to be. He nodded. "You're alibi" she retorted, playfully menac ing him with her large yellow feather fan, of the shape and fashion carried by Hie Italian women in t lie Middle Ages who were in the youthful ages themselves. " I speak the truth," said Ipanoff, with an effort to clear his voice, " as you very well are aware. The other day you told me that you would not be visible till this party at the Baroness's, Conse quently 1 have waited, though the interval lias dragged along very painfully, It would have seemed still more dread and long, but — hut — as I arn upon my confession— to own everything, I killed some of the time at your door." Flic smiled incredulously, and tested with one restless finger the incisors of the bear's grinning teeth at her elbow. " Vou seem to doubt ?" "Not I, when you talk of killing time or ladies I For that matter, 1 was told of it," " I was seen, and not by you ?" he ejaculated, regretfully. ' I urn sorry you mounted guard under the trees before my house, because — you know the opinion they have here of the Russians — people will say you were playing the spy upon me," " 1 was doing so." .She laughed and -aid she thanked him for ele vating her to the level of a Nihilist. With that laugh ringing in his ears lie could not confide in her many of the wild ideas that had perplexed him whilst he watched— the question if the door was forbid to him alone, if others flocked to be entertained whilst he was in Hie cold, it she were in or out, and alone in either case, and so on. " These are pretty discoveries to make," -he commented, when lie had given her some outlines of liis seif-eonimunings on the loving sentry busi ness. " I wonder you can tell me so much, thus at ease, under my very eyes. You must acknow ledge that yon arc as audacious and impertinent as man can be. " Vou will never persuade mc that I can be disrc.-| cetful so long as I adore yon so perfectly as I do," was liis dogged reply. ' Love is a very good excuse for some of your behaviour ; but your suspicions of me which cause you to scrutinise my callers to make sure that they were sent away without passing the sill, and not tn go away from your — duty, shall wesay ! till I bad really returned home nnd allowed you to be 'relieved,' in all senses of the word. How dare you suspect me of falsehood /" "That, was not love which was so suspicious; it was jealousy." was the response of Jjianoff, resolutely approaching a little, though he hardly 'Uild withstand the singular fire in her eyes, ! v. Inch wove ceaselessly fastened on him. " One is .' 1 1. felt without the other." j " Fo jealous as all that comes to 1" she exclaimed, : say something, fur the awkward silence was irm-v.id. They were 'like duellists who dash their swords together. In lie-itatioii whether to attempt a deadly thrust or not. " 1 am frigid fully jealous." lie answered, with a twinge cf pain, a- lie recalled the fatal conse quences of that pn-.-ion. Ihe I'tino" wonderi d that -0 monstrous a sur- je i-e to her burdened heart did not agitate it more violently. Instead o£ the repulsion which she bad felt :' r .!m. m.'.v -l.e was calm, or. rather, .-!:c v.n- heated with a growing glow which wns not ilia' ol lier foi liar thii.-i for vengeance. A ii mon-traiiee of de Firiex, whom she had 1,: lily admitted into lier confidence — upon lie: ix-i.iios in concluding that the man, not even ! emally accused, rmi-l l.e guilty, came up in lcr mind, fieri: as if newly spoken, and, looking oa ihe pen. unclouded, handsome face within a yard ( f her-, -he a!aio-t wi-hed some miracle would show that -lie was all along mistaken, " My js'or friend," she -aid at last, striving to maintain the tone of pleasantry and not to reveii luw 1 rouble to keep from a share of his eaine-t- :iv-s . " are you so sure of your indubitable love io nic that wo must consider it decided " 1 am as sure of it as yum" She i-tancd back. Fhe reeipro ate the passion which die had only too succe-sfully planted aud nourished with tireio.— arts ill lier compatriot's I brea-t .' Got" I Wns iter heart to be the battle- 1 field where : m'denus love and her desire for ven geance i n Us object were to light out trie mystery/ With obedience she had been blind to all con siderations but those that smoothed lier track towards Hie murderer. Now unit she had lier hand 011 his throat, was love to make her blind 10 all that went before and render her recreant ! Love her first love's as-xis-in ! File shuddered , with honor, 11s when he had first come athwart her vision. Even to listen to him now. she had to recall as vividly as possible that darkened death-chamber, the weeping father, tiie bleeding i-dy of her young love's Idol! To love this i. leteii. would -he not Lave to forget ail riiat itidel- lible scene .' No I that night of blood was too deeply graven on her mind to income a rosy tab let bcear.-e GujJd scratched here ax,: there with hi- impudent, dan. " Do you sav i kiiu'.v ii /" "As ivelhis' I. my.-cil." lioiv pei-Mcnt he was I It wa- the liist time she had met her ma'ch in imperious obstinacy. And the wor-; wa-, Fiedora fell u tremor, a fal tering thai left lier 110 uoubis that the speaker was in the right. Nevertheless her voice was well coMruHcil us -he rejoined : " How is a woman busy in society life to know anything about such story book stuff.' Don't look pained. J may not be so t'riv.dous as 1 assert. Well, t even fancy I have noticed iiuw you were affeetid. Rut — " hero -lie left the bear-kin, and walked to the window, with the fan in play, in nrod of air. "t had 110 idea a man — for ine — couhl be so stricken. It is:', bad ease I Would ive had Dr. Bothine here. La Belle Impcria has no need of such serious incidents in her life— a jewel look- out of jjiace among spangles— a b!ood-d:o|> is a ghastly thing among garnets ! G ranting inks misfortune to come to jiass — what under the sun have y:n expected to be the end of this pretty litUetiamc " To kindle Hymen - torch. " "Has that been blown out, then, with your sigh.-.' Hymen.' Marriage I" she mockingly cried, with, her back to the window, so that he saw, in the rift of Hue ill-joined. cui'iains, just above lier head, a star in the dark blue sky which seemed, (it. jiite the -unset light, to sparkle brightly almost 0:1 her brow. "A- easily brought about as that ?" "Wait 1 Do not mock at my love," he retorted pas-ionately , " till it fails to be strong enough to conquer yours.'' She iliew herself up with a haughty mien nt the -uggesiion of her defeat, which the word conquest suggested. Rut -till, she was not one quarter as indignant within as she sought to manifest on her feature.-. (TO T'. V: CONTINUED.) 