The Opea ?olii-iiit. [This column belüg opon to nil for tho votitllution ot gTinvunoeH, or thu expression ot opinions ou publia nuiUors wu do not iiold oursulvus ruspoualblo lor tue stutouieiits uiikde thurelu-j . ' THE LISMORE COUNCIL AND SIM HENRY PAlUCES. (2V the Editor of the Northern Star."). Slit,-For a ccnaidortiblo timu our Aldermen have bouu greatly umbarrasaud by au aoouuiu luted credit balance of nome £400, and have boen much exorcised as to how they should expend it.' Fruin your report ot tlio proceedings ot thatbody, ' on last Monday night, us pub lished in your issue of yesterday a wuy hus ut length been oponed for our good Aldormon for tho expenditure of no inconsiderable portion of tauir funds. ; .;. . . "Alderman Bernstein (I quoto from your I report) with tho purmissiou of tue Council, thou moved without notice-'That a sum of molloy not exceeding ¿.'25 be granted to delray certaiu expenses incurred in the late visit of Sir .Henry Parkes to Lismore. ' " _: After some discussion, in the oourso of which one Alderman cautiously remarked that in thu lon y run the visit would prove of immense ud vuutaugo to tho district, thu motion was curried. That this action of tho Council is thoroughly unsound in principle, and:; highly, impolitic, is apparent to any person carefully examining the circumstances of thu case. .In tho hist place, thu motion wus mud* without notice and (unless in cases of extremo urgency) whun thoro is ques tion of thu expenditure uf public' money due íntico should bu given, thut the matter muy be fairly and. carefully discussed. And bo it fur ther observed ' that * hud such a motion buen passed, in view of the approaching visit of the Member for. Tenturliold, its character would not bo so questionable. Tho Council hos estab lished u dangerous precedent, by which not only Sir Henry . Parkes, but any other political ad 'venturer,' whoV should happen to bu friendly with the majority of.Alaurinen may bu first ontortainud at a sumptuous banquet, on the strength of a motion tu bo subsequently passed in tho Municipal Council. No doubt Sir tlonry was in a'position to give uiuuy promissory notes to his friends during this visit, but if history is to repeat itself, who will discount them J That Sir Henry .has buou all that ;ho himself and his onthusiastio udmiruis have, ulaimud for him, during this tour is now . no. purpose of wine to discuss. Í do riot proposé to 1 my self to question his statements u few > days ago at Tenterfield,from which wo infer, that he ahme is thu only consistent politician in tho Colony, that ho alone hus always buen honorable to his friends, thut ho alono is thu only/'true disinterested and . uiiseltish , patriot; .that has served his''country aili,' who never vultiod thc sordid emoluments of ollicu, that during his political lifetime never was there tv collo iguo ox polled from tho Huuso, never could ? the - most mvoturate enemy whiipor anything ot'a Milburn Crook Scandal, a Darling .Harbour swindle, or u North Shore Bridge job. Neither am I to dis pute with a gushing local orator, who iii tho exuberance of Ilia heart, is said to huvo gravely informed Sir Henry und his friends at thu banquet table, that hur Majesty *. the Quoon" Wus a woman, and that " thu hon. mom bor for Tenterfield, himself, was thu grüntest Stutosmuu that this or uuy other Colony ovor producod." , From what 1 can gleuu from older Colonists who aro butter acquainted with thu political vicissitudes bf the past, I am convinced that the. Uudibrastio lines may not bu inaptly uppliod to the present occasion " Whan th« uart! wau »lok, tho rluTll a Bullit would lie But «btu tue devil got well, tho devil a whit wurt lie,'' Sir Henry Parkes is now politically sick, and in need of thu physician, und can wull.ulford to ßromisu grout things fur those outlying parts, ut it will bu in thu recollection of thu Lismore Aldermen thut when thu Member for Touter field wus ut.tho hoad ot a ationg Ooverno.unt, and whoo he was tho friend of kings and thu compauiou of princes, at the vu ry zenith of his Sower, how he would not allow hil Lackey linister for Warks to visit this district and help them to drive tho first pile of tho new Bridge. And if I mistake uot, it wus his Ministry that would not Bend even a second hand dredge to aven u threatened famine in the land. These aro facts, which if Aldermen cannot retain iu memory, they should paste in their hats. Sir Henry oan afford to be liberal because he is powerless to redeem his promises. But at Tenterfield, he behold the mysterious shade of another Ghost, in the near future and to save this country from destruction, ho will need the sago council and the material aid of his " guide," philosopher, ind frioud, Alder man Bernstein. If our Aldormon wore consistent, they would not only vote, for the expenses of the banquet, but having yet a buliuiuo, they would dovote thu residue to the erection of a statue of Sir Henry, to perputuute thu memory of him, and of this auspicious event. In conclusion, per mit me to remark that uot only is the action of tho Council on Monday night wrong in principle, but in my opinion decidedly illegal. .1 know that a received principle of. some of our Alder men is that the Council can do no wrony, and that not only are tuuy administrators of the Municipalities' Act, but that they may some timos assn ino thu funotious of legislators, when the occasion demands it. And ulthottgh I huvo thu highest respect for thu ability and legal acumeu of the Mayor, I respectfully submit that he .has permitted au .illegality on this occasion. How he can show, that e. converso, or by any othur principio or canon of interpre tation, he oan prove that the expenses of a banquet to a private Member ol' Parliament, can bo levied on tho ratopayer.-i, mid that such a visit hus directly or indirectly any ruferencu to tho 117th, mid ' following sections of thu Act, I fail to soo. But us tho most vigilant; must sometimes sleep, his Worship hus buen caught napping this time. Yours, <xo., . 'ATHEN'AS. Lismoro, 8th March, 1883. 