progressive education- Tho heads of tho dlHerent educational estab lishments, the spooch days of wliich were hold yostorday, have good roason to congratulate themselves on tho progress mado by their pupils. If all bo (rood that is outcome, to use an old proverb, education in Victoria Is cer tainly progressive, and so far as knowledge and culture are concerned the rising generation Hds fair to bo a highly educated one. Not only do tho boys of tho various coUogea, as it is tho fashion to call theeo establishments now-a- days, shine out prominontly in tho list of pqize takers, but the girls— or young ladies, if they profer tlmt vory much used appellation — follow vory closely upon thorn, Tho curriculum in both instances is what may fairly be called an advanced ono, ' and to gain a prize, or oven honorable mention, can bo no easy task in a country whore there is no royal road to learning. Times are changed, indeod, since tho Misses Pinkorton of educatioual society forwarded to gratiBed parents their. neat little stereotyped circulars, showing how Miss Amelia had been excellent in English, most attentive in Froncb, and highly to be praised in music and doportmont, The strict test of a difficult examination- is applied to all alike. The girl has as hard a task beforo hor as the boy, and tho atudent who, like Mr Bouncer in Verdant Green— roliod upon having the King's «f Israel and Judah neatly recordod on cards fixed in tbe sleeves of his spooiallycon- ftructcd " examination coat," generally comes to signal grief. It is specially satis factory, however, to notice in tho report of the King's Collego, Fitzroy, that tbo work done by the boys during tbe past year has Quito surpassod that of any previous year, and that tho numborof idle boys has boon "smaller," than over, Still more satisfactory is it to have : to record that, in some of these institutions matriculation, or the passing of an examination iu tho strictly dofined University course is not ot down as an absolute sine qua non in tbo way of educational attuiumontH, but lli»V huth boy and girls who ovinco any peculiar aptitu-le fur outsido arts aud scioucos, aro onoouragtnl to obtAin pre-omiuonco iu tho Rubjooti for which thoir individual tastes moro particularly Adapt tbom. But porhaps tho most oncoursg- ing foaturo iu tho prospect affordod by tho reports of progress mado iu tho past yoxr is to bo found in tho allusions mado by Profd'sor Strong to the results of famalo study at tlio lVoabytorian Ladies' Collego, and wliich may bo taken as fairly applying to Bimilar result at kindred institution. There can be no doubt that, at tho outset of tho movoiuout iu favor of advanced fomivlo educa tion, thoro was a prevalent idea that if ladies wore taught classics nod mathematics thoy "would grew hard and unfemioiuo." But tho roeults havo not boraout tho correctness of this thoorj. Every young lady studont is not. a Cornelia, Biimbor auy more than ovoryi feminine aspirant for "honors" is a1 swoot girl graduate, and thoro is no reason why a young ; woujuk should ' not . bo a fair classical and mathematical scholar, and at the same tim fominiuo and womanly io hor doiuoRic instincts, A knowledge of Virgil does no uocossArily imply . tho weariug of blua spectacles, nor is it absolutely requLit that a pretty couchologlBt should woa stockings of a similar tint. We ar cortaiuly old-fashioned enough to think that tho ordiuary duties of a womau's daily lit can bo as woll carried on without algebra a with it, but it has yot to bo shown that oven thoknowlodgehowto work out anoquatiou pro- vents tho fomnlo studont from booeiuing a good wife and inothor any moro than it prevents a man from being a good husband and father. Tnoro i, inoreovor, csj>ocial encouragemout for ladies in tho opinion expressed by tho Professor that "tho prosonco ol fcinalo studbuts at the University baa had tho effect ot making tbo innlo studont moro refined in their inaunors." If old atorifl of rininmnnin)ni.inn Dav 1ia <<«.» our Melbourno uudorgraduatos are in this re spect and on special occasions not much worso thnn thoir confreres of Oxford and Cambridge. But it is impossible to shut our oyos to tho fact that tho want of re&uomeut; and good maunors gonorally, is a cbargo goncrally laid against tho rising gouoration of both soxoa and if it is in tho i>owor of tho lady..atudonts to do something toward disproving it, thsy cannot do bettor than sot about tho work at once, Tbo I aptitude for tho acquisition of knowlodgo among our young poopio is admittedly great and it canuot after nil bo much more difficult to cultirato courtesy aud refinement than it is to excel in music or draw ing. Iu this direction woman can, no doubt, do much. Tho loosons of his tory, sacred and profane, do not allow us to thoroughly endorso hire Dugdalo's opinion that the "ignorauco of mankind is responsible for all fotninino errors any moro than to accept Jezebel, or Mossalina as typos of female proprioty, but thoro is ;no doubt that tho rofinin oxamplo of an oducatod and accomplished wman can work wondors ovon on tho roughest specimen of masculinity Umtever oxistod. Elsewhere wo publish tho telegraphic account of a fearful mining accident at Timor In the Duko claim. Four men havo been killed through, as it is reported, some mistake of tho engine driver in wiudiog'up instead o lower ingtho cage. To day, MrE, L, Zox, M.L.A., waited on tho hon. the Premier with reference to tho matter of the children taken from Melbourno to Calcutta with the Pollard JuvooiieTroupe. Mr Zox wot accompanied by two of the parent of the children. Mr Service is to bring tbo matter before the Oabiuot this afternoon; aud Mr Zox will again wait upon him to. im rrow, with a view . to a telegraphic com munication being sent to tho authorities iu India. Further particulars will bo found in another column. Tho Earl and Countess Rosobcry intend being presout at tho distribution of prizes to tho pupils of tho Scotch Oollego in tho Athemcum this afternoon. Lord Rosobsry has cooecutod to prcsido on the fccasiou, and to doliver a short speech. Iu the course of a chat with our re porter to-day, Lord Rosebory.spoke admiriuirly ui iuo »uj iu wuivu tuu iriugipai iuwqb Ol Victoria were laid out. Such approbation on tho part of our distinguished visitor is gratify ing because, as Lord Rosebery has visited pretty nearly every important city of tbe world, he is thoroughly able to judge of tho ttkll) and foresight of tbo survoyors who cboso tho sites and planned out tho fututo contra of populatiou at a timo when all around was a howling wilderness. Lotd Rosebery is of opinion thatthabOBt plnco to find out tho national qualities and characteristic of a poo pie is in its Legislative Assembly, Happily for Victoria the seamy Mdo of our nationality will cscapo unobsorved i y this " chiel amang us t&kin; notes." Noxt to Parliament his Lordship find tho boat opportunities for social observations in cluba. And here Melbourne can present a most crcditablo front, Mr Poolo, cf the Crown Law Department, yesterday afternoon obtained writs of habua i ovj'tua from Hib Honor Mr Justico Higin- botlmm, in Chambers, for tho production at tho South Melbourno Police Court to-morrow of Minnie Fitzgerald and Elfie Ford as wit twites against Samuel Nathan, furnituro dealer, and his bookkeeper; Jenuway, on a -charge of being aidor and abettors of tho keepers of housos of ill-famo. An Exchange telegram from O&stlomaino; states that a fire occurred at Winter's Flat, at a quarter-past threo o'clock this morning. Tho .house destroyed was unoccupiod, and was owned by Mr Ricliard Mooney. \- Tho Steam Navigation Board to-day de livered their decision in reference to the collision which occurred between the Excelsior and the Edina off the Gellibrand Point light ship on tbo Gth inst. They statid that tlio jfoutiQ itimposeibloto reconcilo tho ovidono but at tho same tiinoit disclosod tho fact that -both Bteamers wore procooding at full sp.-od .The Excelsior being the faster, on well as the overtaking ttenraor, should havo kept out o the way of the Edina, by passing to the oast 'ward of the lightship. ' Taking all tho circumstances into consideration, oa woll as Captain Patrick's long service and charao- Iter as a master, tbe board decided that, a censure would moot tho caho. Captain Fuller ton in giving the decision, added that the; practice of stoamors going at full spood past the Breakwater should bo discouraged by | passenger and 'steamers. A meeting of the Tuberculosis Board will be 'held this afternoon for deliberation only. Tho i Board will not proceed to take evidence uotil after tho holidays. Up to ix o'clock last night 250 recruits had enrolled themselves uf thu Ballarat contingent to the Militia.. Out of those only 150 passed the doctor. The following aro the readings by Gaunt' instruments):— Barometer 29.075, rising. Heat ;in sun to-day, 12 a.m. was 10S, Tbe highest reading' of Gaunt thhhnomoter in tho shado, Bourke street, yesterday, was 2; and the lowosb from 0 a, m, yesterday to 9 a, m to-day, 48. By » thonnomotor in lluurko street, in sun. tho highost ronding ye«tctday was 110. At a mooting of citizens of Fitzroy, hold laa evening in tho Mayor's room at tho local Town Hall, it war uimiiiiiiouriy remilved that thj Fitzroy nchool, nuiiuaI excurRlou be hold during tho moutli of February ; that tho locality bo eithur h\nukU)n or MorUiolloo, itiul that any tmrplu fund be appropriated to tho purchoMu of piizod, to bo diMtributed to tho children ntteuding tho schiMil. Tlio Mayor was upiMi'mUd president of tho excursion, Mr WilliAiu Kidney, treasurer, and Mosars W. E. Ihmnotts nnd CliAi-lesShowore, joiut sec retaries. Iho following gentlemen wore ap pointed a subcommittee to mako tho noco 'snry arrangement :--CouuuiUur Uoldun aud Showers, aud Mo-'sru Kidnoy, Crispo, Orow- son, Heath, and Dioken. : At the meetiug li'-ld last evening in the Mayor's room the Fitzroy Town Hall, it was mentioned tlmt n couplo of wooks Ago a goiitlcnmn endeavored ti make arrADgomont' ' with tho Kail way departmonttUi convey a party .of about fifty excursionist from Molboucno to x/iuyuiue nuu oaoK,. out umc tuo uoparimoin would not undoitaku tho rosiKmRibiiity, and therefore tho oxcureiou had to bo abandoned. At tho ordinary foitnightly meeting of (ho St. Kilda Couucil lost night a resolution was passed unanimously agruoiug to adopt tho plan 6uggetdcd by tho notion of tho Molbourno City Council, and construct thoir own tramways. Soverat pnssougors by tlie stoamor Golden Crown from Quoonscliilo on Sunday la&t; complain of tho behavior aud lauguigo used by a number of tho Artillery corps stationed at that plnco. It is stated that prior to tho stonmor leaving tho pier most) objcotiouablo Inugungo was used in tlie hoaring of tho largo number of lady excursionists. It ia likely tho company will take stops to punish tho ofTeudors, Tho shoop aalos at tho Nowmarkot yard, which are usually held on each Tuesday iu tho w.ock did not tako placo to-day, ou Account of tho closo proximity of tho holidays. Th sheep will bo sold at daylight to-morrow mora ing, and tho cnttlous utmul will be disposed of nt 11 n.tn. About 215,000 nltoop will bo yordod nnd 2S00 cattle. Iu all prob\bility tho cattle Bitivfl it in vAiuiiu uvor iimrdm. . A case of supposod infuuticido came- jindor t ho notice of tho Hotlmin Folico yesterday # Two men, named Honry Foxcroft'.and Oliarloj Neldor, |>cranibulator makore, were passin? iu tho afternobn tho llotham sivamp, near Munster Terrace, whon they found tbo dead body of a tiowly boru foinalo child, qnito naked, and apparently fully dovolopod. Tho tmvol cord was not tied or cut, and a portion of tho nftorbirth was attached to tho body, which ia much discolored through decomposition linving sot in. Tbo body was rcmovod to tho llotham I'olico Station, whore it is awaiting an inquest. The polico aro makiug inquirios into tho matter. Tlio burglars would appoar to bo at work ngaiu in eomo of tho suburbs. Withiu tho last .week soveral cases havo boon roportod from Richmond, and it is ovidont from the uso of skeleton keys that the thiovos are woll up in tho business. A resident of Clifton street near Swan street, writos to inform us that his placo was entered by burglars with tho aid of skolotou koys during his absence on Friday night, and a quantity of jowollery stolon. Mrs S. A. Bishop, matron of the Ohildrons' Hospital, appools as follows to tbo sympathies of all benovolont poopio at this Christians sooson. Tho object cannot bo too highly commended, nnd those who contribute toward carrying it out will bo enabled to onjoy tho pleasant reflection that they have assisted in eomo way to alloviate tho suffering so iationtly endured by thoso littlo ones:— "Sir, — In'.thankiug you.for your nbto advocacy and tho frionds of the Children's Hospital fur thoir generous and liboral donations on formor occasions, I desiro again to appeal to tbo sym pathies of ull ou behalf of tho littlo sufforera uuder my care. In many initsncoi patients ave to bo discharged beforo they have reguiuod porfect health, to mako room for more urgent cotes, and the surplus contributions to this fund have onabled tho committee to provide temporary homes in tho country. Tfii has proved of such benefit to tho children that I am urgod to ap peal strongly on their behalf Donations will bo thankfully recoivcd by Mr W. Davies, watchmaker, Chapol streot, Frahran ; Mr J. C. O'Kcainoy, chomist, Toorak Road, South Yarra ; Mr Armstrong, nows agent, 5G Kliza- botli street; and at the hospital, Polham ; streot, Carlton, by your obodioat sorvaut, otc." It was reported to tho police yesterday that William Montgomery, aged 67 years has been missing from his home, Albion street, South Yarra, since the afternoon of the 16th inst., .. f. ll.. iflll. j.. and fears are entertained for his safety. Mrs Rngors, of Treasury Lodge, Spring street, has reported to tho police thnff her son Arthur Fidwin James, aged 14 yours, who wa a boarding pupil at the Hawthorn Gramme School, left without permission on. Thursdn lnttacd has not been heard of since, : At 11 o'clock this foreuoou Mr Abraham Emanuel reported to the Fitzroy police that tho nrticlos numed below were stolon out of a futnitmo van whllo being convoyod to his :residouce in Brunswick street :— 8 books of ' muhic for pianoforte only ; ono full volume, about 150 pages, sacred music; ono do sumo size, miscellaneous pieces, publishod by Nowello; six Boosey andChappoU'a complete operas, onohalf bound iu boards. Tho whole valued at L10. A burglary was perpetrated at tho residence of Mire Honty, Richmond, yesterday, at somo 'time between ono and bix o'clock p.m. The .servants room was entorcd and a iwrtinnoteau containing three half sovereigns and a bottle of . scent stolon. Tho empty portmanteau, t minus tlo contente, woro afterwards found iu jtho grounds of Pino Lodge, the residence of j the 'hon. Georgo Copin, and which adjoinr |Miss Honty's Property.- Two jurymen, Honry Wllmot, of 4 Riglan Place, Emerald Hill, ond Henry Groouwood, of 71 Barkly streot, Carlton, were finod two guinoas each by Mr Justico Holroyd for not attending at the Central Criminal Court this morning. A judgment of mucli importance to muni- ; cqinl bodies was given by tho Full Court this morning, in the case of O'Connor v the Mayor ofHotliam. The plaintiff was walking along Scotia streot, when ho caught his hoel botweou twopitchore, fell and was injured. It ap peared that tho hole botween tbo pitchers was three or four inches wide at the top, and 15 iioches deep, and tho plaintiff cousidorcd that jtbo .'stones must have . boon 'f-oparatod by a heavy dray ; Mr Justico Williams, beforo whom tho care \ wsh hoard, nonsuited tho plaintiff upon tho aground that tho facts wore qnito consistent with tho aperture having boon caused by a 1 heavy dray passing over tho pitcher just boforo and, therefore, afforded no ovidenco aguiant j the defendants. Tho court, Mr Justico Uiginbbtham dissenting, hold that his Honor t was right. A curious specimen of "cross questions and crooked answers" was givon at tho County Court this morning. A witness bearing tbo euphonious patronymic of Toby was . put iuto tho box to provo that . a dog bolongiug to tho defendant iu tho \- action had bitten him. From his mauuor, ' ihilo in tho box, it was vory evident that Mr Toby bad beon " looking upon tbe wine whon it i red." Tbo examining counsel noticod this, and asked him if . ho waa nervous this morning. Ho replied that tliore was nothing tho realtor with him, aud uq following oojloquy took placo : - CouiiBif : " Did you not go into Mr Jones's shop aud toll him that it would be bettor for him if ho had sottlod tho mattor ; aud were you not thon intoxioated ?" Witness: "I, uover." Counsel ; " You did not go iuto Mr Jones's shop!" Witnore ; "I was novor picked from tho gutter in my lifo," CsuimoI: "You wore not a litto iutoxi- oated— a littlo inobriatod— a littlo drunk— a littlo tight V Witnosa ; "Woll, whit's that gut to do with MrJonoa? loan drink as much ah I liko without Asking anybody, Counsel (looking at a lotter which ho had iu hii hand): "Now Mr Toby how do you spoil tho word character Witness (crossing him- soil reverently) : "In tho namo of tlio Fnthor.of thoSou.aud of tlio Holy Ghost, Amou." Counsel tin apparent astonishmont): "That will do, Mr Toby, i havo nothing further to atik you ; hut- be very careful as you stop out of tho box," Ilia Honor Judgo Copa and a npocint jury of four wore occuplod for tho boat part of yostor day and to-dAy with tho caso of Cunningham Jonoa, at tho County Court. Tho plaintiff clairaod £99 19a damages for injuries inflicted by a dog, tho property of tho dofondant. 'Mrs ..uuiiiKiiiwii, »u oiuoriy iaay, siacou tlmt alio hud callod at defendant's shop on tho 18th Soptoiubor. and whilo stand ing waiting to bo aorvod, tho dog hadrusbod at and bitten hor on tho sido. In couHoquonco of tho injurios roooivod Bho had beon mmblo to carry on hor buainoss. and had uatained pocuniary loss to a groator amouut huu tho sum claimed, Tho dofoneo was a doninl of tho matorial allogations. Thoy said tho dog had never bitton tho plaintiff, nnd sot up tho thoory that tho plaintiff, liko Lady I- lorouco Dixie, was tho victim of a doluBion. Somo fourteen mouth ago shulmd lost hor«ou by au accident in Now York, aud that, tho do- fondants inforrod, had woakonod hor iiitolluct to such an oxtontthat) boingin droad of hydro phobia, ho had imagiuod tho dog had bitton hor, and tho offoct of tho idoa hod boon so strong that sho had bocomo uorvous, had refused to tako pro;>or) sua touanco, and had as "a conaoquonco Buffered in bodily hoalth ; but thojnry could not he iuduco ' to tako this view of tho mattor, and thoy brought a verdict for tho plaintiff for £50. . . In tho courso of a judgment of tho Full Court in reference to tho duty payablo upon tho Victorian property of a porsou domiciled abroad, which was given by Me Justice Hol royd this morning, tlio following passago occurred " It is no doubt truo that a squatter, or land speculator, or a minor, who hosguiued a fortuuo by suocosful adventure in this colony, and gone homo to tho old country to oujoy it, is aa much aforoiguor to us as a Frenchman, and wo cau soo no iujiiBtica in compelling the foroignor, whothcr such by nationality or domicile, who allows his capital to bo in- vostod in Victoria to contribute to tho fiscal burdon borne by tho inhabitants. What is the injustice? Capital is sont bocauso the capitalist believes ho can obtain a higher r.ito of interest for his monoy, or that a mora fruit ful flold is opon to hisoutorpriBO-IIo onjoys)all tho advantages which tho inhabitant oujoy, tho protection of their laws, tho security of pnqiorty, tlio inmcofnlnoss of the country, and tho opportunities which their cnorgy an 1 industry havo providod for tho invosbinout of hi resources," Au intorploador . summons was hoard ia 1 Chambers this tnorniog boforo Mr Justico Higiubotham, in tho case of Black and another v Tho Kiuglako Gold Mining Company. Tho question was as to tbo ownorship of tho plant of tho defondaut company, seized by tho t-horiff, and now claimod by tho hon Thomas Hunt, M.L.A., as his own proiwrty, ho having purchased it from tho shoriff on tlio 13th of last month under a previous execution against tho defendants Mr G. L. Skinnor, for oxocu- tion croditors, contondod that Mr Hunt should havo taken possession of tho plant, and reques ted his Honor to direct an issue, which was dono, Mr Hunt to find security for tho amount of oxccution. and pay all sheriff's oxponsos. Mr Wilkinson appeared forclaimaut. At tho District Court to-day, iu a caso in which the Singer Company proceoded against a man named Aarons to rccovor tho nrrearof rent for a sowing machine, a remarkable dis crepancy was noticed botween tho ontrioq- in ho lodger aud tho rouoipts hell by tho defen dant, every dato being different. Tho Bench was a littlo startlod by this but it was ex plained by tho fact that tho monoy is colloctod by an agent, and entered ou the date on which bo hands it over to the company. The ques tion was nFkcd whether tho company koops accounts against tho agent, or against the customer, aud tho reply was, " Against tho customer." Each occupant of tho Boncb thon coimuontod adveraoly on so astonishing aud uniquo a fashion of compiliog a Iod-?or. 111... ....M IT. 11 ...1. .. _ii i_.l i. ItIV tllllU, XWUUIIi Uttll, Will) U(iW9IIipMJJ W commit suicide by stabbing himself in tho breOAt on thol3th instant, near tho Fishmarkot, was brought down to tbe City Court Irom tho hospital this morning, and discharged on his wifo promising to tako core of him. The pri- Bouor admitted he had boon drinking since ho came from Gippslaud, and was uufforiug tho effects of drink whon lie stabbed himself iu tho loft breast with a pockot knife. Tho fourth draw for Langford'b Ohallonge Cup took placo last evoning, with tho follow ing result Western Market v Laurel llotham Albert v Hotbnm Hill ( .Uniou. Hotham Bohemians v Rosoof llotham. Or- mond a bye. All matclios aro to bo played on grouud of firslmuuod clubs, A ctickot match will bo played on tho East Melbourne Ground on Thursday uoxt, com mcncing at 12 o'clock sharp, botwoon tho non player of tho East Melbourne and M-dbourn-j clubs. The following will plAy for E wt Mot- bourne :-J, L. Purvea, J. V. Smith, D. Scott, D. Carson, Rosier, Bronnnn, Moore, J. 0 Williamson, Coulnou, F. RowoandA, June. Any of tho abovo unable to play are roqueitdo to leave word at Boyle and Scott'. - Yesterday afteruoon Professor Sumpto bandied, a vory bad kicker, tho worst he ha had since ho has been in the colouy. It to >k korio little tiino to oporato on tlii maro, who went around the ring three time buoking and kitk'uig. This nmro was bought as qutot for a lady to rido. Whon the Profdsaor got ha o way through ho said as it wa getting lato ho would lot tho mare stand over until to-night whenahe would bo a good eubjoct|to handllf boforo a full class. Tho Professor is to bo presented with his testimonial this evening ; ho wants something rough to cause somo ex- ciUmout. Tho presentation will bo made by tho Mayor of Molbourno, Tho last coucort of tho Metropolitan Liodor t.fol for 1883 waa givon l&at; ovoning in tho Town Hall, in tho proronco of a crowded and fashionable audionco. Tito concert was a high class and moat eujoyablo ono, Tho first part ocuBiBted of tho first part of Wognor's Lohen grin, tho parts in which wore Bung by Miss Alico lioos, Signora Vonosta, Signor Graziosi, Signor Bor2oni, Hotr Hartung, and Mr Armos \ Bnauinont. Tlio vnnous numbora of tlio tino work wore givon with great artistic offset. Tho second part of tho programmo conaiatod of tho Festival March by Wagner and amis- ccllancou concert, in which MissReos, Mr Bcrgin, Mr Beaumont, and Herr Hartung took pnrt. Tlio whole ontertainmout reflected tbo highest credit on tlio efforts of tho Loider tafol to sustain thocharactor of this community as a imiic-loving ono. Tho advortinomont of tho Port Phillip Stoara riiip and llotol Company iu our columns is worthy of attention. On .Thursday next, the 20th inst., tho now stoamor LonsdAlo will coin- monoe runuing fur tho season, tho first trip to bo made to Qucenscliff and Sorrento, A band accompanies the stoamor on that day. On Thursday tho Golden Crown- , will ruu,' as advertised, to Sclmapper Point aud Diomana. 