OUR HAY LETTER . (From our own Correspondent.) Our community is now divided into two great classes — dog men and sport men — one side going in lemons for dogs and coursing for the Queen's Birthday, and the other for sports consisting of horse and foot-racing, on the same day. It is a great ..'pity both sports have occurred on the same day c hut asTbe yfCTr li&s;'goneuCbrtirj 'tiicrc is no altering it, as neither party find it .convenient to., change their dates. Of course, when tlie paper is printed, it will be all over, also the momentous "question as to whether Jack Donaldson's dog " Scot land Yet" or McDermotts " Ballarat Yet " will pull off the big prize at the Eli Elwali Coursing Carnival. Mac. says he'll back Ballarat to beat Scotland at anything on the boards, froni "Yankee grab" toinan- slaughter-Miut Hay takes the rag off the bush for anything, from "Nap." to horse- slaughter. However, I'll back Scotland to beat Ballarat at eating porridge, and give : them points. We have been favored with a visit from the Stray Leaves Company, consisting of Charles H. Taylor, a broad, healthy-looking leaf : Sir. Fuller, a greenish sort of leaf ; and Miss Carrington, a kind of withered leaf. If Miss Annie ' Leaf were to join this company, it would be " very appro priate," as she, like the other leaves, are a bit off colour, but all there in tlie business. As usual, as soon as they arrived in town, Wheelbarrow Jack hunted them up, and shouted for all the crowd lie could get to gether. As Tommy Moore dearly loved a lord, so Jack loves a " pro." He likes to get into a bar, set up tlie drinks, and say : " Do you remember when I played in the Opera House with Emmett?" But most of all, he likes a snide Opera Company — he plays on the stage with them, eats ; supper after the show is over, and is full of talk about " the time when I was with Simonsen varying tlie conversation by saying, "Do you remember that beautiful air from ' Pinafore,' Sahre dim-oo-ra casta pura" As I did not write this par about Jack, but about tlie Stray Leaves. I had better get to tlie subject. They opened here on Saturdav" night to a good house, and gave a good and satisfying entertain ment. Mr. Fuller sang good songs in- better voice and Style than it is frequently our lot to hear, and Miss Carrington and Mr. Taylor worked as tlie Trojans fought — bravely and well, though I don't see why, in their Dutch business, they should say, " skoljer " for soldier, or, " True as tlie stars vich are skineing," for " True as the stars which are shining." It's not funny, and I am sure it's not natural, for no German ever pronounced those words in that manner. While on tlie subject of shows I may as well mention that the Musical Onion gave a shilling concert at the Atlienanuii last Tuesday night. Patsey opened the show with a set to with tlie piano without gloves. They had only one round, lasting fifteen minutes, during which Pat knocked the piano out of time, and, probably, out of tune as well. It was rare slogging while it lasted, and amused the boys hugely. Jack was in rare form, he sung a couple of antedelu- vian songs, and made faces, which fright ened the children into fits. When he opened his mouth tliey said it was like opening the lid of a coffee-pot. and when he stock out his tongue, it was as if someone were inside throwing a pound of steak to a bull-dog. A .young lady sang "Jessie's Dream," if it was as rough on Jessie as it was on the audience it must have been a terrible bad dream, a regular nightmare, in fact, and it was sung so slowly that the conductor regretted not announcing- an interval .for refreshments between tlie verses. 31r. Plummcr gave a reading from Dickens in a most creditable manner, and was greeted with unanimous applause by a delighted audience. It would be a great improvement to our con certs if more of this sort of thing were inti'oduced; instead of the eternal song, ballad, ballad, song, which our long suffer ing public are expected to pay for, and applaud. Bilh-obbs sung about "The Death of Nelson." From, what I could see of it Nelson died hard. Next to Patsy's set to, it was tlie gem of the evening. A num ber of songs were sung with more or less effect, which I have not space to mention. It seems that Jane and a legal gentle man have had a row.He has a dawg called Braisalii which he brought into the back bah. He said, " Emilav, did you evah see my dawg Bruisali jump ?'" Emily intim ated that she had not, and was not dying to do so either. The limb of the law was not to be denied, so he made ihe dawg jump through the bar window, and just as he did it Jane appeared. It was not a very lienious crime, not near so bad as kissing the barmaid, but it was enough for Jenny. She had been rushing about the house all day like a Nevada cow boy look ing for a. muss ? and here was a chance too good to be missed. So she opened fire, in . a very gentle and lady- like manner, as she always does, but warming with the sub ject as she went on, said " What d'ye mean by jumpin' yer durty miingerel in ma baur. If ye caant haheve ycisel in ina boose lek a dacent body ye'd baater no come intil't. Yethenk yet a gantleman, bit yer nathin' but a caad, or ye wadna tafc advanteege o' a puir lone wuiuan, an her helpless bairns, tae gae on wi yer larrikin work when she's atva frae the baar," etc.; ad twsetim. The gentleman, who ia B-gm<l«nian ,a« sure as Jepny„was , a servant girl; departed without a word. Even " Bruisah " disdained to reply; and " they don't speak now: Such is the almighty powef of -grog, it tnfns everything tijpsy-turvy, even Good Templars. ' Speaking of whom reminds me that- Pil milst pay away a small fortune In -fines, and for permission to tswear off; I won't say any1 uiore on this . subject, as I don't want to be knocked stiff with a lapstone when I pass his office next Monday, Since Katie lias taken to spooning with the man from tlie Caledonian, business is not half so brisk in the front bar of Tatts: Bob the .barber says lie be real spoons on her if she'd only fizz her hair on bath sides the same day, which has made Shandy Gaff quite jealous. There is a "Jung frau " at AHwordeqs named Minnie, who is frantic to get hold of the writer to ibe HiUston New, whether to kiss him or " staueli him on der kopt mit a brick stein,1 is not known. She thinks the paragraphs about dimpled Minnie at the CaL are intended for her. But she is mistaken, none of tlie writers know her from a crow, nor do they want to. ' " The Masons were going to give a dance last week, and one young and beautiful creature got lier dress ready, and told her friends she was going, and had a rosy plan , made out of the killing she was going to do, but lo ! wlieu the time came she got no invitation, and great was lier disgust, "Far off fields look green," but when you get close there's mighty Tittle grass on some of tliem. A Frigid for One of the Caledonian Boarders and the Results. A little thing happened on last Monday night, Which filled one of the boarders with fear and afright ; . -.. . . . : . ; . He chanced to be walking along the arcade, When he saw something white, and his footsteps he stayed. He stood there dumbfounded, as stiH as a post, For he saw, right in front, what lie took for a ghost : Not one ghost, but two, they were there side by side, Till, summoning pluck, " who goes there," he cried. As soon as he spoke thev made great haste to vanish, And the boarder determined all terror to banish : So quickly he followed — of course, on the siy,— They slipped into the dining-room wliicli was close by. At once thev proceeded their " bosoms to fill."" With black currant jam. all the while keeping still ; He thought the two ghosts rather human juSi then, And he hastily called one or two of the men. The ghosts, when there was no more to be got, Left the room, and, unknowingly, left the jam-pot ; When his Gills, at the door, saw them coming, he fled, And silently walked to his room, and to bed. When the waiter next morning the cloth came to see. He knew that the "girls with his jam had made free ; And the boarder told Harry of the night's escapade, And how tlie ghosts had on tlie jam made a raid. Now, all girls or ghosts when next you parade. On jam hunting trips along the Arcade, See that no one's about ; eat as much as . you're able; But don't leave tlie rest scattered round on the table. 