MELBOURNE HUNT CLUB RACES. [By Telegraph.] Flemington, May 21. The Melbourne Hunt Club races came off to-day at Flemington. The weather was cold and threatening, but the rain kept off. The attendance was pretty fair, and the racing on the whole was excellent. Anagram, the winner of the Selling Race, was bought in at 75 guineas, and Siddington, who came in second, was bought by Mr. Pearson for 120 guineas. HURDLE RACI.. One mile and a h&if; and a distance. Stonnbird, 9 st. 7 lbs (Wall) _ 1 Men; Maid. 10 st. (Hunt) - - Wild Harry, 10 st-(Scobie) _ _ _ 3 Other btarters—Black Prince, Mnsidora, Tan la rook. Betting—Even Wild Harry, 4 to 1 Merry Maid, 5 StoimbinL Tasdarook led over the first hurdle, followed by Stormbird, Mnsidora, Merry Maid, and Black. Prince, the favorite last. Passing the stand. Storm bird took the lead, but at the turn Tandazook re gained the pride of place and along the back in creased his lead to three clear lengths from Black Prince, who was closely followed by Merry Maid, Wild Harry, and Stonnbird. Muridora being beaten. Blak Prince fell at tire abattoirs and Stormbird took second position. Merry Maid and Wild Harry coming next. At Hie shed* Hie favorite came up and the field was pretty dose together, Taadarook having a sHght advantage of Merry Maid, was first into the straight, closely followed by Stonubird and Wad Harry. Tandarook having dropped back to fourth position, a grand race ensued between Merry Maid and tetonnbird, the latter winning by a seek after a splendid straggle. Wild- Hairy was third, three lengths away, and Tandarook a bad fourth. Time, 3 nun. IGJ sec tfI'EEN'S BIUTIIDAV STAKES. Three-quarters of a mile. FgertoD. 7 st. 8 Ibe (Gagas) _ .. -. ~ 1 Welcome Jack, 9st 6 lbs. (Heywood) - - 2 Squireen, 8 st. 13 lbs. (Walker) 3 Other starters—Wizard, Verdnre, VTestbuiy, Zephyr, Bonny Bee, Castaway, Xantaliser, Queen Mary, Booftree, Her Majesty, Omelette, Murrain bong. Betting— i to 1 against Verdure and Queen Mary, sto 1 Castaway, 6to 1 Her Majesty, 7 to 1 Egerton. Her Majesty and Tantaliser were first off and led over the tan, at the carriage paddock. Egerton, Squireen, and Welcome Jack came with & rash, the finVt-nsmed winning hard held by a length and a faaH Welcome Jack and Squireen second and third. lime, 1 mm. 16stc STERPI^CHAfE. Vadter. 10 st. 10 lbs, (rjcobie) .. .. _ 1 Btod Jacket. B at. j* lbs. (WOBania) .. .. s Stampede. 9st (Mdxod) _ 3 Otber Starters.—Alhambta, Magic, Magician, Peter. Betting—Even money Altnmbni, 3 to 1 Vanlter, a Maeic, 6 Black Jacket and Peter. Stampede and Magic were the first away, but Black Jacket almost inrrediately took up the running, and led over the first jump, followed by Magfc/Albsmbra, Yanlter, Stampede, and Magician last. The same order ?as maintained past the stone wall. Black Jacket meanwhile improving his position, and at tbe sheds baled his field by a do/en lengths, Vanlter. Magic, and Alhambra being next the fence into straight. Ptter came down. Stampede now came up and entered the straight saveal lengtlis behind Black Jacket. Vaulter. being third; then came Albainbra, Magic, and Magician. This order was maintained past tlie stand to the fence on tbe hill, when Magic and Alhambra came down, and Magic baulked and retired. At the back Black Jacket bad a lead of four length* of Vsnlter. Stampede being dose behind the favorite. Vanlter how unproved Ins position, and Stampede came down at the third fence from home. Tbe favorite cellared Black Jacket at tie turn, and leading over the last jump came home easily a winnerby six lengttis. Stampede, who was quickly remounted after his f&U.; cone in a bad third; the others did not finish. Time, C mm. 19* sec THE CORTNTHUN FIAT BICE. Tbree-qnaitewof a mile. Uddineton, 11 st * lb. (Mr. W. Glasseock) _ 1 Ihe Ghost, IS at.?lb. (Mr. C. F. Fracer) „ .. 2 King Charles (late Sir Charles), 11 st. (Mr. C. Tattenall) _ _ 8 Other starters—Sonneteer. Chevycbase, Crenda, Bonny Bee, Boatman, and Mary. Betting— 2 to 1 against Liddington, 3 The Ghost, 5 King Charles, c Brenda. Boatman was the first away, followed by Sonneteer and others well op Sonneteer led past the tan, but at tbe carriage-paddock King Charles, Liddington. and Ghost came away, and after a fine race Liddington ought tbe judge's eye first, Chott came in a head behind, and King Charles was third, the same hj??i.>i? Mttm. Boatman was fourth, then came Brenda, Mary being last. Time, 1 mm. IS' sec SELLING RACE. Four furlongs. Anagram, 6 st. 9 lbs. (Olds) .. _ .. .. l Uadiiigton,Bst.Blbs.(Hclhnes) 2 Gwsr, 8 st. 7 lbs. (Stratford).. „ .. _ 3 Other starters—Sonneteer, Westbnry, Murrum hongm JJrombtack, Mymnb. Betting—Even on liddington, 2 to 1 against Ana gram. At the fall of the flag Westbnry went to the front and led to the carriage paddodt, wfaen *??p'*in took up the running and came man easy winner by two lengthH, Hdrtington aeconri, and Ca?sar a good third; then came ?Pestiwry, Drumstick, Sonneteer, Mnrrombong, Kymph ???* Time, &01' sec. fLYIKG STAKES. Eire furlongs. Squireen. 9 bt.S lbs. (Walker).. _ .. „ 1 Oesar, 7 st. (Stratford) 2 Sir Charles, 7 st 3 lbs. (Williams) 3 Other Btarters—Castiopeia, Stationer. Whisperer, Castaway, Chloris, Victress, Ard High, Wolonga, andMentmore. Betting—Even money Chloris, 2 to 1 Squireen, Otolotbers. | |Ard Eigh got the bett of the start, with Cut away, Chfiuis, and Mentanore in close attendance, and this order was maintained to the end of the lawn, when Squireen and C<aar shot out, tbe former winning ea&Qy; by two i?np+i??_ sir Charles third, about a length behind C:<-sax. Time, 1 mm. 31 sec. 