Sftetcfoer* IN THE DEATH STATION. CTOM THE RKCOMaSOTlONS OV A SIBERIAN FUGITIVE. I HAD livod four yoars as exile in Siberia, In tl\o village of Balaohoa, when ono night tho opportunity oamo to osoapo with tho horso and sleigh belonging to tho inspeotor of tho oxiloa. I flow out o! tho village and all night long through solitary plains of snow without stopping. As dawn npproaohod I Baw a vil lago on ray right, but fuming recognition and capture I wont on noross the endless wastos of anow, after pausing down in a ravino to food my horso and stronRtbon myself with brandy. On I wont, tho whole day without having poon a singlo human being. Toward night my horso grew weary and soon' oould only walk, At last ho Btooa still, panting heavily, X was unoasy, for I feared if I remained quiet there on tho plain, I might bo surprised either by wolves or by tho In numerable tramps of Siberia. Unfortunately, 1 did not know in what direotion I lind journeyed during the last hours, for I might have approached tho piano I started from. For readiness in any oaso, I drew out two re volvers, also stolon' from our inspeotor, ohargod oach barrol with ball and laid them both before me. After my horso had stood awhile and eaton snow, he showed retulino-ia to proceod, But whither? I did not know, and left it to the horse to go whoro ho would. As soon as ho felt the loose rein ho turned at oneo to tho loft and wont off in a quibk trot, Moanwhilo it grow darker and darker till at last. I oould scarooly see a stop bofore mo. But the horso soomcd to tvaoo something, for ho pointed his oars oontinually and lookod stoadily before him, I also was watchful, and standing up in tho sloigh, gazed straight ahead. But I saw and heard nothing, and was about to sit 'down again when I suddenly poToeivod a point of light in the distance. My horse also saw it and trotted faster for ward, This light might oomo from a farm house .window, but it might also oamo from a lire built by wanderers in the snowy closort. "Bo it what it may," I said to myself, "I must get out of this uncertain situation though fall in with robbers." Soon aftorwavdl could discern the outlino of a groat atructuro which atood alona in tlio middle of tho doacrt, arid from whoso ono window tho raya of light shown, I was cflpeoially struak with tho lonolinosa of tho, building and tho smolco wluoh oamo from tho ono window. Afraid of boing observed, I drovo slowly and quietly up, stopped by tho Vmolv wnU of tho strange building, fastened tho horso to a post, threw a lieap of hay beforo him, and thon atolo cautiously ana noise* loasly up to the window whenco tho light streamed, Acoustomed to tho darkness, my oypa could at first distinguish nothing of tho interior; it waa only after some minutes that I realized the pioturo presented to my view. But this soono was so frightful that ray blood ourdled in my veins, my hair rose on end and a cold sweat broke out on my brow, The whole intorior ot tho building waa filled with smoke whloh roso from a burning pile of logs in the centre, Bound this fire sat throe men whose faces had a fantaatio loolc iri the rod glow of the fire, Near the hearth, in the loohe boards of tho flooiy a groat opening waa visible, from whloh six men, ono after another, soon came out, and oaoh bore a stiffened human oorpso 1 The bodies were wrapped only in linon, and wore ohalk-white from frost, The bearers woro peasants' dross, and wero robust follows with rough, ropulsive faces, Two of tho men sitting round the flro wero dressed in city clothes, whilo tho third ap peared like a butoher; ho wore a blue apron, nad his alcoves rolled up and held a great knife in his hand, When the six poasants entered with their dreadful burden, tho three stopped baok from the Are, and the six oorpses wore put in their place, ereot round tho pile of logs liko candles 1 It was a horriblo sight for mo ! The flro glared upon the whito forms ot the dead, while ovtir thoir heads tho blaok smoke gathered. I distinguished among them four men, a woman and a boy, One of the male corpses had a beard of extraordinary length, When the bodies were somewhat thawed they wore taken by the peasants from the fire and laid on tho floor on the outspread linon, At tho same momont tho " butcher" went up 0 tho corpses with his great knife aud thrust t deep in tho abdomen of the one nearest him, I oould not explain to myself the mean* ing of this whole Boone, I simply stared, and saw how with almost indiffereneo the " but ohor" ripped open the abdomen, took out tho insides, carved, dividod, and showed to the olty dressed men, and then thrust again into tho body belonging to them, I had oftonin my life witnessed torriblo events, but what I saw hero wont beyond all human eoneoption. It seemed to bo that all this was moro a fantasy of my wearied brain than a reality, I romomborod how authors of horrible tales after presenting a train of im possible, nnheared of ooeurronees and exciting tho reader's cariosity to tho highest degree, suddenly broke off with tho simple sentonoe : " I walked up, the bright sunshine, eto," What happenod in romances might be in reality, I rubbed my oyes, lookod, tried to oolleot my thoughts, In vain I I did not sleep, I saw, I heard,I brcathod I . Beforo mo tho wall ol tho awful building, hlaokoned by the otornal storms} near mo ray tethered horse, and my sleigh; all about mo a boundloss wasto of Bnow; abovo mo tho sullon, clouded Siberian heavens, What should 1 do ? J thought to myself, Should I fly ? But where ? Or shou)d I penetrato into tho houso and shoot down these deseerators of tho dead ? Terrified, benumbed, I stood thoro half doad and did not know what to deoide upon, At lastl concluded to abandon this unluolty post of observation, I wanted to steel softly to my sleigh again and run up and down, but my feet refused to servo mo, I tried to scream out; my voice died in ray throat, 'Atv impenetrable mist veiled my thoughts, para lyzed my will. I already began to doubt tho correotnesq of my judgment, I oould not understand who I was, who these dreadful people were, what was the abject of. thoir tembjo doings, Finally the momont came, tho one moment In mylifo when I began to beiievo in a supernatural world, in ghosts or mystlo sorcery. But this moment did not last long. Then, as I, BO perplexed, mused and stared within, I suddenly felt Boraoono from be hind seize mo by my fur collar and roar fear fully at mo, Like a broken straw I dropped without a sound and know no moro that hap pened to mo, When I reoovered my oonaolonanoaa and opened my eyes,'I lay In tho snow while the two men In oity olotnos rubbed my forehead .with snow and tried to revivo and encourage mo, "You aro frightened, my friend," oho of thom said to me. "Bo not fear; wo will do nothing to you, ? We we doctors and hero only in the discharges of our duty," " Yos-but tho corpses," I could soarcely uttor tho words, .'The corpsea, brother," one of tho men re plied, " nre of tho peasants in this region who died of cholera, and here in tho Death Station wo have dlsaoctod them, By aooident you witnessed tho most repugnant work of our oflloe, Such a soeno is offensive to anyone, but most so to thoso who have nevor boforo seen it. If it is agreeable to you to travel with us to the next post-station, it will give us great pleasure," oonoluded the amiable dootor. But I thanked him for his invitation, pleaded a pressing business journey, climbed then with the assistance of both dootors into my Bleigh. and rode swift as an arrow off and awoy, I breathed freely whon I felt mysolf alone again on the plains, but I was long agitated by what I had soen in the Lonely Death Station. In Siberia sudden deaths frequently oaour, but thero in suoh a oaso they may not inter tho body without its inspeotion by the polioo and a post mortem examination by physicians ., but tho number of dootorB in Siberia is insufli clout, so, between tho solitary villages so oalled Doath Stations are ereoted, towhiohtho dead are brought and plaood in oold collars built for |thom, remaining tliero till a police and medical commission arrives and examines them. Then, only, aro they separately con veyed to their lonoly buriol places and in terred. Thus I was tho involuntary witnoss of suoh a judicial post mortem, ana I shudder ovon now whon I reoall that night during my flight from 'Siberia*-From the German* 