S.:N dditfion to whafare called :cere Sls oircorn crops. and such roots ":s'it'lrniips, iangolds, ahd swedes, soi e odf w;icIhare grown-on eveiyry 'ara l aie f?im', t iere are so irme crops usuch as-the potato,: onion, fla., hX mp, hops, madd er; d an d. few o thers ;the cultila ti 'of iwhich is restriclte d'o ,'t :fe" 6ocalities' whicih are specially acapted fori-them..: Of these perih'ps tbe on y one whici with thi e " ieset limited supply of. laor can.be profitably, iiil tivated as a field cro p in tliis colony is the potato,-i Eve'i the . icultitit on of th e potato: mustýb'e co'r paratively li mi lted. :At :the~: sim e '.tim h . inde, god nianageinent and where i:;ie soil aid situationll re si itable, thisicrop,thouglh sisome what pi'rcaiiquis, givies very large returins at the p:iices which- ruile :ihere at the scason whe"nffhe spiing dr ;minh crop comes out; ..:IOfthe :arious lheth-. ods pursued in.th culiivatiion oiftlhis ex cellent' crop. in otheir coutriea, it is necessar ',to ssaybut ve;y l.ittle c..W' shall theorfre alnmost entirel 'irs 'tict tours.lves to sayiing what is 'ineces. sary as i oits successful -field cultivaitioh in this colonly or rathi tlhift, prtion o:o the co'ony w"hich llies:. bUtiweeni the latitude ' :f -B uibuiry and .the Mr :ciiisonl. :- Noili of the Murchlison: aid .Soutli of Bunbury, the piractice recom.. m endedi fo: the rest' ofthe colonhy w,;iild .need nmodifying, altlhough ihe:pr net pies on whi ch it: is lfoundeal dire the same: ev yeriyl e..e i il: the ffirstp place then, there nmustl be a richa friable .soil, daid one. w nlh 'is O: fr rioin bei :g diry as to retai a perceptable ali6un. f of Snoistnrb duiring the wlhole of the timne tle potato, is groii g' :hiss-veet. able does not liie'a gareat deal f mnois tair, still less o6es -it -like- standing water, liut.:in i der to idtinl it s u.ll proportions a ldiscernale. ano -nt of moisturc.. Stus bo- psesit :up' :to tlthe :last.. stage'of its growth, nor cain it. be growin: to ;iadvant.i.ge eitherl in very d 'ry s"iii or an suich 'as Will. be come d y befoie thei tubers have arttaindci- maturity.: . -Consequently it cani :be .?rown onr but - few sandy soils, as these are in genieral to;o dry, while it can le pirofitably griown on sw;amps only .whrlie these have. been effectually drained. Tle righlt sort of land having been' selected, : lie.next thiing is deep and-thorough culctiva-t. oi Important in the case of ,every crop, deep and thbrough cultivation is in -potato growing absolutely irdispern sible. W-ithout it potato growing had bettir be'i left 'alone. linmediattly after the :pr ceding crolp is got'cout of0 .the way or,:if the ground is lying idle, as early as possible after winter, the land should be ploughed to a depth of nine or ten inches and stirred by the subsoil plough to a depth of ten inches more. A month afterwards it should be cross ploughed,-ha'rrowedand rolled, 'and after being rolled harrowed again. As soon as the weeds begin to spring, which will he after the first rains; thme lIind shoul he deeply stirred with the ;scamifier.m, Wheni this is done, cories :the operation of manuring., I" the land is not such: as has be'e :ijust cleared, and is full of wood, ahlles -afni burnt cai'i), tt will walnt manuiing heaviiy. Where it has been newly cleared and the surface- of tie soil has beeni thi\own oi :the grubbed t: nber and buint wVith it, there w?:il be plenty oft food for: tIlie :pota' o to grow a nd thri-;e: on, and:. where there hlas been much: tiiiber there will be a sufficiont supply; of highly suitable manure to .last several years. But f r a potato ciriop mtanure of, some kind is in ' is-. 'pensibleAinor is there any bush land, excep. ' i be in -a f' -' alluvial flats, lidius ?asufi6iently fertilo to give a goo 0 ' ropfithouti.it.:: On land which -has--,been cleared and cropped f .r several years- fdrom twenty to thirty .r fifty. losI tfofarmey.,rdmanuure orwood 'ashesi'igh t be :pplie ? d ith-acl vanta e, nor would it be worthwhile going' to the other expenses connectedh with the' cultivation of so voracious"'i feeder" as the potato without giving the land aheavy Cresst - Tihe' mTantie-haii Aingbeen led on ,to the field and spriead; the :land isho.uld iby imea.ns: f a-doubl!cl nmoild board pl ough' be -thown up in .rides tdwo-: fee~i:'six. wide a;tl the m'se,; whch' should be aain .split open This would h ae the. effect of *britng inog the bulk .of the manure in close pvoxi imity 'i the .opien firrowi.. This should be left till the ':middle of July; when 'the potato sets, should be dropp-. ed ;ifito it by l ha d, 'ani the furro i s rakedA down. afi er fthe planter ; so far thant when'n the planhtihg is done the. surface of the.- :landi i will: be level. -This will leave ;the: sets ;sufficiently deep ille tlheyappear .above .groutiid and atfain a si ffiuieit"'height :for them; to be earthedi up. The next thilng to d4 is to stire the g'round six, or seven inches-deep w ith ai hdrse hoe .'as soon as tho potatoes at:e so.fuar up that' iti line of the rows .can be plainly. seen, thi-sshould ofcourse be done when ihe 1 and is suff'eiinitly dry for the horses to w\or' on it wiithout pochin, it. The :soonerl this ope'ratio is .done ,after the i..r0ows. aen : e dis .iniui.dhed the: better, as. the :weeds .are more easly destroyed- wlhen first coming up thanil: ~in they are ulp' and rodted. Af ter thi horsei-~ oe has done its ;wo rifi th .spaces i' the row:. uusct be .be!ined cby iehe ihand hoe.: ,e .planit;s may: then; be left till thleyh la?e got frq: ii six :to eiglir inches highlwhen thley siliould be inoulded; u:p li th?h du-- ble moiuld board plouigi. ' After '"'lish'tlee." is. nothinig more to be done till tlie time .comes f -r takig..; ulp -the: crop;, whben :t he tubers sliild:6 be :turnied: out-by' the plough and picked ui) iafter it 'by, the cheapest'labot h-ici? i-be:';b tained Ijusc in moderate, sized. lheaps, and covered with their own haiulm. till :th ey are div enouglito suc': without feariof tuue h:leating. Theiveis ,of course .:iotJ the only w'yof prepari :ing groundl for ;pot itoes.;oiof planting. them nor is :i the oXnly way;which mayX be pursuid witih -f'air teasiusre of suec cess .:? It m ti flin l mtany cas'es be " ad: isable:to modify it; t suit csliccam stances.' Fo:r intstance,e: we: have ad d vised th?t. the man ure 'slioiudl beh, piut on';before the :wiiter. But, :shoild the groweri be secure of favo I'ble weat rer, just at the time Ih wrants to-, plant, .or should Ins groiund . a such thatl 'hits horses carin go on it at .any Wtune; !ie. ,mightldo b6icter to wd?iit till he0 ' 'puts in is crop). ere however, ;we have.to p!antt in thIe winter; aid n'as i; "is iunpaidonable6 to- g on.i alii6ot ',any sort of'lahd wivhn solaked wl h wet, it mny be g6ene idlly puff: dow;?;'is the safer I plai to get the' giround ready as far as possible ibefre th: winter *sets in. A oi n, we ame4 ho month0o f July a's tlh ' one ti me -for p ranutiig But thler is ;'il: sdlifiiently :r;i:htliVe, of:tmoisure .to .duiof p . a thdendo dLAuousi; or ;the ailddle', f Septebiher, while iwa lip's. ;ca.il beý planted 'at' lmosf -'any -time thiouih' the suin"mec o 'md soi:i "rodi.ers' may fhi'n 't" tloeirida £nrao to pl'intite. :We 0only therifoite: niame 'July 'as - the best tine in tlie ca'se ofordinairy.liids: We do .sp:becauis; in mostf lanid, even thlughg i.t be' 'good i:p6itato lanid, .t'h pjotato will no hliavceo to inmuch tfi me to grbo'r, and because if planted, hater, 'thongh'it b6eie ittle safer;- as 'regards. friost,::it is inddanger from: the"-enter pillair i. the blight. \V: e'armi~; howeve'i otily Iayio -:dbonii ':wha\jW'e reid'ad :i ; good general .'-rule.;. It :'is ;inmpossible' to :liy idown a law *for every farim.n;::?e: can merely sta'te ? li'tts :: generially'a good0 praeti e,. jadid givei the .pr neipls'. on whicli t is: founded,and;leav every';. olie to say wh iat it ill suit his own tldri i I T has hlit t.rto been in thle 'powr ofl 1--^2'; thbis 'colony to ;obtainti fro.oi,6theri coutntries alminost eve rythling it o nsumes. *iithout priodducing aiything. t6 spieakl of frii itself. By" iteains of it~imecipts froii the sale of its sndl?hr wooda jirriah leid. pearl shel!s, l'ind and wool, ' and-. i'b the aid of the n;oney received: 'fro-m the Imitpeial Governiinenit, Iland'ireeits. ,'and bet rrow;ed capi til, it ih-lsi been iable to buy;: everything :",it h.;ilas .\\-anted.\ Being always in; the receipt' of plenty of money fro 'n tlhese : soui-er ? S it. has got on .very coi;fortably. '. Butl. how much richer.oild it; no:t hai be:en, 'had it produci d f'or itself sucli: ai:ticles' as it is fitted"to prolduce? :Wliat a great deal mri'd ni'ney ; wiild: thlii?n~- dt h ia' been in the country, li!d theoe 'iii adid di:ion to tihepresont population 'been. alarge farming comiii unity, fro iiwhich' ithe storeekeepers' cduldl have botoglit" a' full suliply of bhlidncastfiffs a'ind i otier; articles; ot food f;r man: and: .Le ist: wh'lch a, farmn is supposed to produce, and if this communiuty bfo farmtiers '\itli thle Uoney they received froim.the .stoie I eopers had beetn buyiin;r fiom, them those comforts anid nec ssaries of" lifo which a farm does nt produce; . We\ do not think the most uncoui:promiS[iip, :of freetradeis would dispute this.. .But; why is it, that such a.community -does not exis ? Is it because the country, is unsuited T'fr Iagti"ultuire?. ' 3y. no0 means.t The 'avei'age r'etrnsmit fo m the land ini this colony, etien under all the peculiar di ficcul ties iwh ich the: fairm er has to contend with airge considei able' above , .thlio 6o : some.: of, the other- Alustialian ': coloni'es, .not. excepting:. the 're.at corn growing i colonyt of Southl Australia:' No; ;tis:, not btecause we have nmut the himd, butt bci.a ; the, land la iws: have iever been such as w\ould in a countryi wlhere gor0d and bad l.i d are so'iugi r mixed as in this leid, to the takliig up of land in. such quantities :as to. gi ve ( room for a profitable farm. :The .farln ers have been here, and the far iing men havel, been heru buf there lias beei no oett.ing a sulicuiely 1 lrgn fanm oin :reasonable tei'ms,anid those who. inder' eother: ciriu'staiinces 'would have, tandin up farms have gone away and the men : Iwho would .-hae worked for them have followed. Ostensibly, the lanclis clheap- :. ]unt in reali y it is: rCry: dear. -d ; man wh-i. wants t) bly a. farm . offiro; or six ihundrled areivs muist take wmith the good 1 ind a great deal : which- :is;7: worthf very little Hence, tfhough the, : land of this co'o.ny, as seen o ithe::: other Australian-colonles;, yet when it comes to it is be examinred, a grea? deal " clear er. Had :niot the ;G?'rovei ennt; lien giit-tyof th e"' folly 'of phiacing a uniform price on lan h nd iLn a couynr..y. , wer there is siearcelya 'csquare milef of ground-vwihout halE ardOze diftfer- ..- .I ent kinds ofisobil.lU iitlt i:-t .is, wh.eei- - it is not all sand . raill, ironsto-ne-the colony south of thleMurabhision would have b'eei-'doted over with -far'is.nir i? : .every direction. Even had the farmers been allowed 'd a run friheiir stock'1 o. the -waste lands o6f the Ciro.wn, .outside their cultivated ground, :.a large extent' of country which is now used as sheep walks would lA is ee- n:-b der' 'cultiv ation.- But evern lthis w .as ?refused" : The consedueiceh'is 1been fthat instead of oif benig ibie t llbuy our corn .;at. home, and :af.:the same: time ;keepi the:,: price of it in circulation in the coldfiy , , we; have driven away0our- farmers or - those who were wil lin g to.,become our. ,,. farmers -to bouth Australia,-and hae? y ;.., y , now: to send our money after them to keep up their. farmsis theroea-'d in:-i ke tirde good' for theiif' friends, the; South';:: . Austrialian storekeepers :. Holw long : the present state of things i s t: .ihst it would be difficult for any .one to lsay. - We have up to thistitine been in thei(i.: position.of those luckya ep \'ewho are . always gettini, legacies Jleft t!hem;ii i d r,."';:d who though they spend one .-after. an othecr without attemptingf :to '0mniake :it the fouidift'idonibf a '·ti?imanenti~fincome;"' ,:,,' nevyer suffer from thleir ;improvidience. ' *Except ,in whaft weh liave got :ftromno.dr 'o:: wool, we have for the last thirtyS years been dependent fur aill our '-ioi?ey -onl t'"' whait hass.been sent us by . Pro:idencee , aind *theo:Imperscl Government. ,. ..O-ur. -.. :. g'ood foirtune m'ay ,be: far from: .havin .. ,+come to an end, but the sbources"ofp:ii'--', :. come on.whelich weiare .depedeit are 'with one ori t wo exce . ;ionssuchas :an-.. ioft last f:r evr,i nor is there really ay.'i?, time.to ,be lost in taking measures. to promo:e settlement and.the cultrvation ot the soil. " - . , . . K i -,,-:: 1:.; .nIE- r'-openinffgof the Bish' Girls' College is unavaidably postponed iintil";"-: : uMonday the 11th June -,...- ... ".. - :of. Ireniiaitle, did.the journeyfirom , Er, ani- : tie to Poerth in Go minmutes oh Veiesdlay . l a s t . ' - ." - - , L - \- TirE ban quet to; be *?given| hyjthe f^ Frinmantle' MTunicipal. Council ,to Govenrnor Broome has..ibeenle dferred'fiitil 'Webdnesclay-'. next. . - - .. '. ON Tuesday e.ening Hia EBcellency-.2 Governor ~1roome, ..and -.ily Barker and .. His Excellcncy. iithe ,Administratori?~weredji; entertained at dinner at Albanuy byl the Government Residentf;iaid weTrea'iftihiards -pi-resent at a Ball in .the.Court Hiiuse,-wiich, was. very nnumeronsly attended.-'% '!Wic are given 'to0;:uni'derstaind..f that it is the intention of '"tiihe 'Easfern R1ilwviy Muntudl Provident Society tophold a Grand: *Distfibutiion' of Prizes oni the '-Art Uuiohi'' System.- This step is rendered ;necessary in consequence of the low state'of the ':ociety's .funds, due to constant drains 'pon'iit' frio .its foundation owing. to the.sicknis s of maeini- ; -:: leter appea'redd inhiiThursday's issue of tle ".tMorming Herald":. referring to. ,1 the absol te necessity for prcviding shed nc co6-i'iodation for the protection of goods ." laitied on the -jetties at IFrcmantle. .-?? :- : :thoroughly endorse the writer's comnplaints inpd suggestion, and trust; thatithei-imibesrs - for Fremantle, the Municipal Council, and - - thl'Ch'amber of Commerce will impress upon .the ntovernment fthe 'ibsoi' 'e necessity for immediately- providing, proper protection -for gools?'iitihe Jetties, anli that .a iequisite 'amouat for, that purpose'.will he;, included ind ; the next estimnatis:.' '; For some time past a cottage in this town has had the reputation of being haunted, and during the last few months in consequence of this report, which is stated to have received practical demonstrations on several occasions, several tenants have vacated it;. Mr. Rossiter, a schoolmaster Fremantle a few days since determined to put the matter to the test, and watched at the cottage all night. He is said to have been aroused from a doze: into which he had in- -advertently fallen by some inexplicable sound and fired a revolver in the direction from which it proceeded, ,whether with the result of "laying the ghost" we are unaware. .Te| steamship " Otway" efti-,A1.. -bany'for Frsmainflet' 10 'oc ioeb:ocdon Thti'is sr .' d ay last, 'and miny be expected to'irriUve'his morning.. .Hi Bs "'xc,.llencv GoavrniorBiroobme, -' Lady B'arker and suite are. amongstithe, pas- ..:; .senge!:s. The -Mlyi of Pcruth..also u'eturns L[,--, .by ler.. T-li E.icellencv'on "arii-inag atih' ; .jstty will be recivd- by~i guar;d'iof 'Honor dof the iFr-maint!e Rifle Volunteers, under the . ,command of M'iajor Sutherland, and the?";-: :Ghairman of .tIe Municipal- Council Mr.B.'::: C W.,?\\\po;li J.P., will- present an aiddress of ?: n.w.elcine ;to His Excellency on behalf of.:::_ the inhabita ints of the towrn. The .banlqut" . -to. Is Excellericy hlis been postponed un tilu : .W dcdnesday next, ... ..-... . -. . S.TUE Fremantle Gas - Works under : ,th c-naniogmeim t of Mir. A. G. rossi- 'aret:e. now .,very -nearly completel. ThIe engins:" . -recently imiportd p~l-the " Eastern Chief, "l Ihais been ereeted: andssworks admirsallV: It "_' ' is the-" Victor Combiined Engine " bf 4 liorse' .: - poweri.-its.:irikers being Messrs. Haiuhtorit and Thompson. The genlrators andti gaso. nmeters art erected, and .on the arrival ofthei"--: :" Ol-ay "'the-v work of, l'iying dowii:-.the ' mainiswill .be continuedl, and speedilyr. ::; finished. iThe works, althlouol-h.b a -'rathe -IIy . imittel sc;e;. are very co mplc-tr nda iirefi ted .with every 'iicecssaryi appliaic'e. Thevarey at present 'capiable-o: .profiucing 4000 feet of:... gas phr hour, sunicient to' iCet the require- . & mneuts of the town for a donsiiderable ti~e to n come. : . : ..... . The- "l'lding agri'ulturist" who writes' "to the " West Australian '?-,com plaining of.;' being "a-rwfully pinched for labor this winteri *: and wh i caniot get a good ploughman for-' : love or mony "- had" better send home: to: Kitgland, ori the other colonies, which are - - much nearer. icnd procure the man he waints.:·5* Buit pierbaps he consisders it the duty of- the: G-verinment to pirocuie him a good plough nian, which'the Government would doubt-;t' le~s do for him and e'eryone else similarly'-,; sittiated if employers; could find work for ithem through out the" year. But as they' . cannot do this it would not shiit the Govern-' mc:t:to send form he good ploughman any : more than it woald suit tie good ploughnan-: - tocomne out. Further should the man be:: impor -d at. the public expense it is very probable that when he found he could only' - hbtain cinployment for about two. months in thie year hri would speedily leave6?he. colony^ '; and seek L.is fortune elsewhere. ; The i present' weather hics- fdrcibly''i,; demnonstiratd the ecessity for out roads li be ing 1put in a thorongih state oref'ir·"i Tiheire : is hardl3 a street ii the toivi- wheire ,thera - . are not larger pools of water, Whichift is h-rd''d ly possible to avoid it niight time, iiand to ; ' pair t;hese would lake: far >more thaii :the'.':- money at the disposal of- the municipality N everthieless dXtfihn'ki[th?i ' tt the ?irtstaell of fine woather the municipality-should see cto the repi oof.i'?,$ h [·Steet, .Oli~f Stee.t,, and. that portion of the road-opposite to the Lit erary fthstitut?~avh~ch·r re'sambply- idsererdit to that:?towou;-': Itnisk?t?'eitrhstred that tihe: r oney :riiki-k?t tili/sondfiiel h xt ild; nIlhat ait will be possiblt t tfaise :our io at itthe-:i'p sent rate of.iterest.i ::l'he:l?rolbabilit·y .ofT;this being he- case,; howeve~,: apljedrs: to be (e' mote, and .w:Lbinlclhat the 'best thing: the Coun ~ an do is to caluntlitherr m-ceting of; ratepaj and indrease thed rate of iuterest from 5 t:6:pi-r.ednt.f b- u: o A ?LIDINa; se ttiei "and - raztu in the Soutni'lrn' ?itr?e wri'itd'~'o s ? uis s foeld lows :--"It ~api bIpo ~t5? e?t"iel s the in c??lculab, e irliihtages that~ihavnE'icdrned to tha settlerig notjBiily 'ih tiihes distiricts htt throughout the colony, froni the practice" you inaugurated many months back of devot ing a portion of your valuab' e journal nto the dissemination df intelligence and informa tion on, all subjects connected with Agid cultural and Pastoralkinterests? Stch deep interest is taken'.in your well written and well thonught outIcndiaig article--,'s well a iai your judiciously selected extracts; that many of my neighbours who are unable ta sub scribe to the ipp?pi" boriow it from me andi pass it rouid, and by the time it comes back so diligently has it beeddii read that muc' df? it is .jecgilble., My. object in writing is not so much. to:thank you for the benefi~t you have confe?'reduipon?t.he (settleis as to request the favorf'.,of 'a seoco cpy for tlhe plurpose of lending,athong m: y neiglibonis, so that.i malg.e abl .to retaii imy o'wn and file it for ihtune .rieernce.": We shall liave much r. leoasure in forw?rdting our correspondent -ud anyone.." simiiarly situated a free. copy for the purpose rdeferred to, aid are' gLad to see that our efforts hive been. appreciated. THE STRANGER IN LONDON-That the Great City will ere long be hiardly recognis able by:its former denizens,: all the worl has heard..The vis'tor passing up the Thames now finds his eye gratified by thie many editices recenitly erected.. As he reaches the famous Victori~i i Embaikmient there rises over himnonthe :right :hand the niew 'itnes office, and an the.left h:id. the new toeer crowned .works.of Messrs Jx?rsEs.Eps & C0., both places ofItalian arcuitceture. : It, may be said that thest, two :.buildings tare i types of the far reaclhnig business enrgy of:the> nineteenth century, for it hasresulted fioin such meah'ns that these two establishments have brouaght,, th seslvesl eto .the .fore, and that thu annual issue of each has comecto be estimated by:. milliqns;! Diuring the last. year, the number nlth,- copies if the .Times is estimated at l,27i6,000, wthile tihe number of packets oE liPp-S COCt .s-nt off. in-the same peiiod ~ is compuited atl-14,74.),6( " The later is a ,arge total, ,when it..is borne in mind thait cfi '305 theconlsumption of Clo'do throu-ihoutl ke ;vhole kiin dom s aIahut. 425,382.1is, t,.h'?th[enl existing no prepara-O tion of it'such as this uhich :bh itic sttutle additini of boilitg witer woiuld yiel :a palatable drink. lTruly, tinlen m ybe said to work many changes. AD' . O On Mdndy Tasta .acase•of consid erable interest to gthe mcrcautile .andI ship ping community w?is ;.heaid iii ithe Local Court, Fr lantle. Mr. J. L. Hands-a, mer chant of'Biniiury'sued the Ciaptain. of the "Mikado," avesp lwt:hi recently left this port foirShinghaia f tor e vtilute of a case contaipintg mirrors, which were said to. have been sh?tter'ed ithiobu; the negligence of the ship. The evidenco in every point failed to prove that" thlierehad been• anfry nigligince, nor was therI anything that woul lead to the infere-ice of:n ieiligence;andi the plain- tiff was nonsuited.: The ases was delivered and recei~.ed by :the plaintiff in gool condi-. tion, so far as the evilence went to 'show,but on opening ati t lthe niirrors ;vere found to be broken. The plaintiffs contention was that the imirrors had been b-roken during thei,tine the, case was: iii possession of the ship, anid iat was artued. by his counsel that as due care had been exer cised in the trans ipment to the ligihtbi "Theresa,." and . fiohr the :lightct td tthe Bunbury Jetty, the infeence wtas ,that: .the damag&" ifiist have occuTrred::on board the " Mlikado." If siuch an 'rgmnent as this had been admitted b/. the, Bench no ship master a-ouhldhave any prottcion angainst cla:ms set up foi damaged goods contained in undamaged ihedpkies. The responsibility of the ship' is for the condition of the case only, aud.·ino'fr the con'diiion 6f the contents.tiinless it cain lie- conclUsiively shown that damage, to -the contents was caused by" the iegligeence of th. master, but the evidence to establish such a claim would have to be of tlihe veiy clearest charact-r, and s:-ch evidence was certainly not forth coming in this, instance \- THE case Of.Hands v. Lehman re vealed most efftraordinay piroceedings on the partbf the Custom House ini dealing with goods entrusted t its caire. The case for which claim was made upon the ship was consigned to order,,and the Bill. of Lading and Shipping Doriuments were forwarded to the Union Bank :':at . Frcmantle. On the arrival of the ship notice was given by the Bank to tlYe- Ship's:. Agent that it held the bill of lading for this lijackage. Theinotice was iot perhaps of a very formal character, but still it w old appear to have been a sufficient notice, ald the goods were entered :iniaond, wen presume by the ship's agent. Hdere .of cotirse they should have remained until the ship's agent gave an order for their delivery. It appears, how ever, from the evidence reported. in last Wednesdiy, ' "Mornin' Herald-"' that the Customs aithodrities delivered the "gods -to the master;of the " Theresa, "'-for their con veyance to Bunbury, upon the ordeit of Mir. Samson, agent for Mi: Hands at Bunbury, for whom. the goods wnere intended. What authority-ir. Samson had for: directing the Custom 'House Officer to make delivery of these: goods, and awhat could have induced the- Collector of Cnstoms to acceplt such an order, it is difil cult to ceiuceide. If such a practice is generallyadsopted, that consignees. antil others are not robbed of their goods is owving more to the honesty of t .e public ihan to tihe car: and vigilauce of the Custom'!Hoise authori ties. Under'such asystem tucre is no pro tecticn whatever for goods lod'ed in tihe hands of the Customs; as it Would -ppear that theyiwvll mu!-ke delivery up):,n anybody'p s order. WVe have certainly urndcrsitood that the Customs invariably insisted upon the production of an ordtli from the ship's-agcnt before making delivcry.of goods fromi their warehouses, but it :ppears that we bave been mistakden; At any rate whateverc may have beenu andis. the rule it is clear that in ' this case the goods were delivered without b-tny such older. Some time siince we ihad occas'on to pass some severe strictures upoi the nmanage ma nt of the Litetai y Iistitute in this toitn. which were taken up in other -quaitcrs, al.d the justice of wh'ch was generally acknow ledged. These had tlhe effect of infusing a little emporary energy into the presentcors mittee, and it was statud in the paipers that it was their intention to act on the advice that had been, given them. and organise classes and lectures in connection with th Institute, and thus fulfil its scope and ob ject. Nothing of the kind, however,'asb on done,and the Literary Institute of Fremantle remains as' discreditably and ill-conducted as it was when Wde previously wrote. We arne in a position to say that nio real effort was made to carry into -ffect thd stated intent ion referred to, and all that was done was to order. £25 worth of books, for which the money was actually not forth comimig, in order to induce a few additional members to join. The committee may niot represent all the 'slight and leaniigig" of Fremantle, and fortunately it does nit. but surely amongst those who preside ovci it andl manage its affairs nareL a few who nppriciate the value of educationi aid are de -irous thaClnt their fellow-totnsmen should participt te in its pleasures and advantages They cannot all be i-norant of the ohbject of similar in stitutions elsevhei'c anti the gre-t wrk, which they .erform in affordinig techniical and other educatibn to the artizani classes. They must have heard of the Birkbeck Insti tute in Laonon; anird simili-r institutes all over England anid the -Colonies, which are resorted to by- aitizais. clerks and 'oti hers, which are a somrce of pleasure 'of a refined cha?ramctr;:, i ,d hii at the sme iictime instruct thiill nlu hiers how to better fulfil: theiir lkbors, wh~ltevr they..in-y. bc. -t iS iicldl&s; OtoC sa,. that our so calledil:::nsli tute!do"s) 'idtlh ~in of the' dl. aniid ~beoynid . tol'eral!y judclcodsly-solected.biut lihlited libtary possesdss no fctutre. in common iitih imiltar institutes cls.whlr.$. We have slinlken to members of the mana -emcnt, Whosre social and piiblic iositioin :dliders it a duty incumbent upon them to nadvance the. interests:of the? tos\n ils :fa 'asilies in th, ir. powr,. and their excuse is that itis useless attempting in this town whlat is attempted elsewhere. This statement is fir more discred it~ble to those makingoit than it is to the to?Qyn .'inasmuch as' neither they nor any: one else have, attempted in respect to the I-i stitute to do heec what, has t con donc elsc .where. The fact.is itissignorancp on the part of. somen of. the memibers .of the man agement and .sluggish apathy on the part of others which render the Frcmnantle Literary Institute the discredlit to the town that it is. Wee repeat if the present Presi dcney and Committee are niot prepared to fulfil their duties, which though. honorary none the less call for diligent performance, it is incumbent upon them in justice to the towni to retire and: make way for others, more desirous and better able to cnrry on !the Literary Institute in the way that it should be.. TRE icToriatnll ExSpreCss" of ]st W\ednesday siys -. Yesterday, Il'homa,s Wall wans once 1iiore brought up at thde Poliee Conrt, on. spll e cha!ge of embezzlcinentof Government monies. We don't mean to comment upon the merits of a case sibjudice blit we have no hesitation in say'itg that WVall should havc:bbeen discharged lon agno. It is six wcks siince. hIe. .s firslt rt:rested, the depositions in his case were finishcd.a month back, and, we believe, forwarded to Perthl for.the settlments of some legal point On Miay 14, iwe are informed, thlcise.d?osi. tions were sent back ,by the *hob Roy,' . but they hare not yet. cosmc.to hand. and have probably bieedn takein for a cruise to thieNorth West. In the mneanntime Wall is kept vir tually a pr'isoncr, with a serious chargi dang- ling over himn, antd, in fact,ti his unl.ergone a month's imprisoinment br-fore even a plrimd fade case has been imaie out ngainst him. It makesn; no difference to tihe. principle in volvred that he" has luckily succeleded in ob-. taiuing b i. To keep a -u'mn a prisoner for manyn weeks, befoie esen a mnagisterial committnmet, may be las--in W?estern ius-I tralia. but itss:injutice, iotthe lCs. .Ic..s • -· W~ cO tier2 "it ]lo5d5s,.n' in tbo! inlterests of the puilic to correct-:two state mdlnts which appe-{r in the Frtti'nthe cor respondence o thellc IlWest Astfiralirin of vesterday. With y-fEreucee to, the : l ihado ciase "Mr. Slade did not non-suit tie plin tiffori the grouind that the Mllik:do hal received ...a clean receipto fr the package, tl; :contents of .wtich - were destro.3:d. Thelic.pl:intiff was 'nI?ijrlited i' co :Sequence of his failing to est:bjish tat lite.e dml.s-,e rsultel from nse iies'ee on tho.prt- of - the ship. With r ::fe-enice to the st:ntemlnt con celrln-g Mtr. P'eare anid the Literllry I:stit utce thon h Mr. Pearse did not.actual!ly pre sent £25 in cichii totlhe Comiiittce, he hv, hl comne irespentsibe foit ti-mt sci, i hitch conies to very mi:ch the same tling, lookisng to t- finan'cia coilitio:'of 'the itsstitutc. ,andr tshe fact diat £2,5 worth of "bo.-ks werei ordi-red when theret were - literally no funids,' - aied little or no piospect of obttinini " the' amouint, except as a "ift froit some cliarit' ablily disposcddndiv.idual connected ,wlit lthe Institute. -. . : : . : .; -: Mlr.:inthlony .loridern .liii :'tilfi:en the troublie to conimtf.iete ili the two Perth Ipapei:':S wshici so v;ery 'favot Iblyi.6 Viewed ' lii:, s tupidous,. rioima,,tie andol .oetical chemem. foS tlhe eniichnient and developieint 6f'the Colon. i' itif a view co still further impri.ss upoI thie colonists .thl practicability of his vlews, ;andl the totlmabic certinty of thcirenbeing carried 1mut. I:1r. Uordern is still asssanguine and jubiL'nt as ever, and l.as formerly speaks in term.s of proud pos~essicn of, my syndicate which is to consist of thpi Lbrd Mayor and:ex. Lrd inayor of IToiondon, Aldertmu , :hanikers, Membe:.s, of Parliament, Lords amnd Dues." The' unm ber: of immigrants to bie intro:luced, inito. the colony hIas.incrseicd from 50.000 to 500,00, and thecapi-il from £ 10,000,000 to i£20,000, 000\. Mr.: rHordern: reforrinti to the .one West Au.tralian- paper. :which. regardss his scheme as Utopitan, and beyond his grasp' di ;poces ofall oposition by saying - they do,not klnow me, anid if- your' Governnlctit \v;il give arnY Syndicatte a chlance, they will gi0e WV. A: a:p-sli ahad that. will :astomnish the world." We shounld :imagine so. Mr. Ilordern nirongs us'if he thinks we desire td frustratethis':igantic scheme--on 'the con' tr 'r swewoulld do:: verythin g-to -enco?,-age if we thoug-ht it practicable, hut swe don't' \When Mr. Horderni has-completedi the : ar rangmients.1etwieenii rtY Syndicate an-i the Government, :and introdluced 10,000 odt of his 500,00 immigrants wve shall be prepried to embhrae Mr :Hordei'n a the saviour' and his scheme as;the salvation of tlie colony. Until then we prtefer to regard his cohre? piondence in the same ligrht as those delight Sful fictions of Jules Ytorne, in which thle inm possible uider the guisne of the possible is so graphically described?. 