FRIENDSHIP TESTED. " WEIGHED in tho balance, Ada, weighed and found wanting, I dare not entrust my happiness to a niau who drinks even though be bo, in all olso, my ideal of manly nobility. This one evil habit fixes between us a constantly widening gulf. After all, Ada, I ucvor really loved him." Thus ran thc fragment of a note which Harold Lawrence crushed in his hand as though it had boen his death warraut. " This is thc end, Ned. AB surely as I cruBh that cruel note in my hand, so surely do I crush in my heart the love which I bore for Mabel Stacey," he said hoarsely. " Do not be so hasty about it, Harry old fellow 1 There must be some mistake about this." " No, there can be none. I tried to think there was, but it is all too plain. Miss Stacey has been making a special study of my character, and this, is tho result of her critical examination," ho said bitterly. " I must admit, Harry, that the study has boen a close one. Wby, we have all thought you as good as engaged, and I have been so loyal to you that I haven't tried to get up j even a ghost of a flirtation with your fair Mabel. . I " Don't say my Mabel 1" intoruptcd Law- rence fiercely. " She is nothing to ino nothing whatever." " Your face belies your words my boy ; the lovo of nature like yours must die a natural death. You can't strangle it. Forgive my 1 plainness," he added as Lawrence turned haughtily away : "you know I'm a privileged character." The friendship of Harold Lawrence and Edward Farley has always been character- ized by kindly frankness, especially on the part of thc latter, and it was not strange j that he should thus speak his mind. "Dut I say, Harry," ho continuod, " what docB she mean by ' that one evil habit ?" Surely you are not a drinking man ?" " No, Ned, I have no taste for liquor,- even if were against my principal to usc it, and save the usual social glass, I never touch even wino. Thc other day Miss Stacey took me to tusk for drinking wino with her uncle, and I half jokingly defended myself and the habit, but she must bave known I was not in earnest, and would willingly becomo a total abstainer." "But you will explain, or allow meto? A little misunderstanding like this ought not to drive you away, for I honostly believe, I Harold that Mabel Stacey loves you." " A love which is coldly watching for flaws is not the love I require ; besides she con I fidentially informs this ehallow-braiued Miss Ada that she never really loved mc. Oh, what a cursed fool I havo been I I, who pride tnyBclf upon my knowledge of human nature, to be blindly led by a heartless coquette. And 1 have thought her so pure, and true, and womanly." Dr. Farley's blue eye eyes flashed, and he was about to speak but checking himself, walked away. When he returned to the rustic bench where his friend sat, there were no tracee of anger in his face, but his voice was husky as he said, " Its hard lines Law- rence, harder for you than it would bc for a fellow like me, but I sympathize with you. I can't think though that Mabel meant to trifle with you, You do not know her, that is all." Lawrence shook his head, but did not speak, l or some moments they sat in silence. At length, as by a sudden effort, Harold rose and stretching out bis hand, exclaimed, " Well, old fellow, good-bye I have Btaycd in this enchanted spot too lonj already. To-day I sail for Liverpool." " Don't give up ia this style, Harry. Il will turn out all right if you only wil stay." " Its of no UBC, Ned don't urge mo. Good bye 1 I want to bo alone.*' "If you must go," said Ned, "good-bye,' and with hands clasped more expressive thai words thc two friends parted. The friendship nf these two men could b explained only by tho law of opposites Edward Farley was a rising younii docto who had boen a former college friend ci Lawrence's. His frank genial inanucr and hi sympathetic adaptability made bim a genera favorite. Harold Lawrence was an artist, vcr, talented and sure to be succssful in his chose profession, lie was a man whom a respected, whom many admired and whoi few loved. Cold and reticent to tho world in general, (ew understood the warmth of his heart or thc intense possibilities of bis nature. To Ned Farley he had opened bis heart, feel- ing here was one whom he could fully trust. One other had won the confidence of Law- rence. This was Mabel Stacey. When first he met her he felt that at last he had found his ideal of womanly perfection. Close aquaintance confirmed this impression, and as thu acquaintance ripened into friendship, aud tho friendship into love, even a careless observer must havo noted how well suited they were to each other. So different, and yet each thc complement of tho other in character. For weeks Harold Lawrence lingered at Lakeside, charmed by thc spell of Mabel's presence. Atlast, confident that his great love was roturnod, ha \vas about to speak, in worda,_ the truth she so well knew, whon be accideñtly came across this noto which occa- sioned thc foregoing conversation. To a man of the world, who had indulged in a dozen flirtations this would have seemed but a little thing. To such a roan us Harold Lawrence it was a terrible blow. Never before had bis proud soul bowed at thc shrine of love. Bestowing aught, he must bestow all ; and suspicion that the fair young girl had trifled with tho highest and holiest passion of his heart was agony to him. But she should never know of his humiliation. Only Ned know his socrot and he was too loyal to disclose it. He would retire within himself once more, and live the life of proud, unbelieving desolation. He would crush out the last spark of love, even if by so doing, ho crushed his own heart. Henceforth art and art alone should claim him. After the departure of Lawrence, Dr. Far- ley batted with conflicting emotions, He, too, loved Mabel Stacey. In childhood they had been playmates, and now, after a separa- tion of ten years, they were again residing in the same town, and their former intimacy was renewed. Mabel Stacey s strong womanly nature delighted in the companionship of cultivated intelligent minds, and it was not strange that she and Dr. Farley had become firm friends. She did not dream of flirting with him. That was far beneath her. She only knew that she enjoyed his company, and being singularly free from self-consciousness, the idea of falling in lovo with him never entered ber mind. Nor was Farley aware of that possibility'until Harold Lawrence came to spend tho summer months with him. His quick perception soon understood that his friend was captivated and only too evident was the truth that Mabel's heart had, at last, found its king. Then Dr. Farley read his own heart ; but, always wholly unselfish ; he could not mar the happiness of his friend by one hint of thc truth. But now, what was his duty ? lie had done bis best to pursuade Lawrence to stay, and had failed. " If that note was true and she does not love Harry, why should I try to recall him ? Why may I not win tho treasure that he has given up ?" Thus his heart pleaded, but loyal friendship said nay. Fiually, with white, determined face, Dr. Farley rose aud went into thc house. " It will ruin Harry's whole life," he said to him- self. " I must do what I can for him. I will find out if she loves him. If she áoea not then ; I can do nothing for him. But if she docs-well, I will fin d out to night." That evening he oalled on Mabel. She was sitting at the open window, and aa he approached he paused a moment in the shadow of the maples to gaze at tho lovely picture. He had always admired Mabel, but never had she seemed so beautiful as to-night, Uer toilet was thc perfection of simple white, and thc flimy laces at her throat and wrists seemed almost a part of the moon light which crowned her radiant beauty. As he advanced, she rose to greet him. A slight shadow crosod her face, but it might have been the flickering changes of the moon- light, fdr as she bade him welcome there was nothing to indicate that he was not an ex- pected guest. "Ah, Doctor Ned," she said gaily, "your patients must be increasing of late. They monopilize you entirely. I protest I" " I have been busy, Mabel, but you ought not to mies my calls, when I send such an excellant substitute." " How remarkably free from Bolf-esteemed you would have mc think you to bc, " said Mabel, laughingly. "Just us though you really thought that a stranger, a mere puBuing acquaintance could compensate for the loss of au old friend. By thc way bow long docs Mr. Lawrence remain with you ?" "He left this morning. Ho intends to spend a year or more iu Europe. I shall miss him sadly. Harry is a grand, good fellow, though but few appreciate him as you and I do." Ho was watching her closely, but after thc first start of surprise, could discern co trace of emotion. "He left rather suddenly, did ho not?" she remarked carelessly, "Bather. I did not know until this morning that he was going. I supposed, however, that he informed you of his sudden freak last evening." "Not a word. Oh, well, it is not very strange after all, only one naturally would expect a farewell call. Now if you were going away yau would rush frantically about towu vainly attempting to honour each friend with the last call ; but that dark-browed friend of yours is after a different pattern. He is utterly incomprchcnsivele." "O Mabel', he is one of tho best fellows alive." "Repetition, sir! repetition!" she inter- rupted, Baucily, " I've heard that dozens of times. Come, your tenor is surely rusting for want of use. Let us practice this duet." " As you will, Queen Mab," and soon they were at the piano, their voices blending in rich harmony. As Dr. Farley walked home that night it was with a lighter heart than bc had known for weeks. "She does not lovo him," he murmured exultingly. Then with a sadden pang of remorse ho wondered bow he could rejoice over tho very fact which had caused his friend's sorrow. " But she does not care for him, and she never will," he said. "I am free to woo and win ber, my Mabel, my beautiful queen." Thc weeks flitted by, and October came, with its rich, golden days. It was on one of these afternoon's that Dr. Farley found courage to tell his story. The eloquence of love pleaded for him as bo told her how long he had loved her in Bilcncc, of his joy when he learned that ber heart was not another's; of all thc bright hopes he had cherished in the golden weeks that had just passed. Ho pictured his life as it would be if inspired by her presence, by her love. In brief, he plead his case with all thc power of love. Mahlo listened as one spell bound, but a terrible strugglo was going on within her breast. A great temptation, tho greatest she had ever known, now faced her and would not be conquered. She yielded to thc forces which impelled her and, as her lover waited far au answer, site had decided to speak tho words which would seal her fate forever. She would give her hand without her heart. Clear and distinct came her answer : " Dr. Farley, you do me great honour. I tbauk you for your offer, and will become your wife." How culd and formal sounded those stiff sentences, after the impassioned appeal to which che had listened. But her lover d.'d not think of thia ; he only knew that the woman of his choice bad promised to bo bis wife. At Christmas time Ur. Farley was to claim his bride, for this was bis wish and Mabel had passively assented. " I am anxious to take you from the lonely life which you must lead here in this old mansion," he said to her ono day. " Not lonely while I have uncle and dear auntie to pet and scold me ; besides, you forgot the literary work which occupies most of my time." " Forgot what I never knew Í How could you koep that from me so long ?" exclaimed | Ned, reproachfully. " I seldom speak of my ' aspirations ' to any one, and my tiny wreath of laurels is of Buch recent growth, and so liable to wither, that 1 hardly feel justilied even now in showing you this," and she took from her desk the bret chapters of a serial and passed them over for his inspection, " Ah, Sappho 1" he said, playfully, " let me prove what a merciless critic I am.' " Very well, Herr Surgeon, and while you mutilate this child of my brain, I bog leave to spend a short time in writing. A suddon exclamation suddenly arrested bis attention and she looked up inquiringly. " Wbt is it Î Why, Ned, are you ill ?" " Yes-no I This note-what does this mean?" and he read. "Weighed in the balance and found wanting," etc. " Did you ever write that to Ada Somers ? But you didn't : of course you didn't. Oh, how blind we were ;" Mabel looked bewildered, "I do not understand; plcaBeexplain." l'aie and excited, Dr. Farley hurriedly told the story of the note found by Harold Law- rence, months before. The will power which had sustained Mabel so long deserted ber. She sank intoa chair and stretched out her hands in piteous' appeal to her lover. " It was ouly a stray bit of my manuscript, and this, thia caused all that terrible misB understanding. Ob, Ned, I loved him, I loved him 1" Mabel seemed to forget everything except the one fact that she loved Harold, and that he had indeed loved her. The thought of the pain her words gave to Dr. Farley did not force itself upon her consciousness, at first, but when she did remember she would have given much to recall those words. For i several minutes they Bat in silence this man j and woman, both so utterly miserable. To each the truth had come as a blinding flash and the events of the past were clear to bath. At length Dr. Farley rose, aud with unsteady steps left the bouse. He must be alone. By and by he could taik it over calmly, but now he must gd away out of sight of those pleading eyes. Mechanically, he re- turned home. Be paced slowly up and down under the old elms, and finally paused at the very old spot, where just four month before he had parted with Harry Lawrence. He saw it all so clearly now. Many things which had seemed mysterious, were now painfully distinct. Mable, his Mabel, loved Harold Lawrence, When he left so abruptly, without even a farewell message, she felt that he had been flirting with her, and her love and pride were terribly wounded. Her strong will had enabled her to hide her Borrow, however, and Ned had not guessed her secret. Sho felt thtt tho one man she loved had cruelly deceived her, and wheu she saw tho great wealth of love which Dr. Farley laid a t her feet, her wounded heart yearning for the tenderness which had been denied her, acoepted his devotion. He saw now that she never had loved him. She would try to makehim happy, but he felt thc bitter truth-her heart would never be hie. And pow came tho temptation. Should ho rcliuquish his claim on ber and send for Harry Lawrence ? Should he give up the woman bo loved? Her sense of honor would never allow her to ask for a release. After the first shock of surprise she would be proudly silent concerning what she had learned. In time ehe might learn to love him. Why give her up ? Then carno thoughts of duty, of honor. Ile recalled to mind a letter he once wrote to Harold, in which he had said, "Onr friendship is the sort which will bear test, Lawrence." Ah I here was a test. Should he bo loyal to friendship ? Firmly he said, "I willgivo her up." "JuBt where I left you, " said a familiar voice. "Harry Lawrence!" exclaimed Nod, and instantly self was forgotten. The haggard face of bis friend was all that waa needed to coutirm his resolution, and he felt a thrill of triumph, as he thought of tho joy that was in store for bis friend. "I thought you were in Europe" he said, "and have wondered why you did not write," "I missed that vessel and before the next left port I had decided to abandon my trip and spent a few weeks in the mountains. I have been roving around here and there, as fancy directed, and now could not resist thc longing to visit Lakeside once more ; to seo you and to hear from Mabel. How is she ? Is she well ? Is she happy ?" "Very unhappy ! " said Ned, gravely, and in few words he told him what he had learned that morning. "And now some with me." He longed to have the ordeal over as soon as possible, for he was only human, aud what if bis friendship Bbould not stand tho test. In a few moments they stood in the presence of Mabel Stacey. Dr. Farley Bpoke in a voice that was grave and tender, "Mabel, my friend, my sister, a misunderstanding came near blighting the liveB of the two beings whom, of all the world, I bold most dear. To-day the cloud is lifted and I bid you rejoice in the light. Mabel, Harry, may God blesB you both!" One kiss on the fair face upturned in happy bewilderment, one impulsive embrace of the manly from of his friend, and he passed out and left them. Friendship had borne thc test.-Detroit Echo. 