6% 1 _PUBLISHED DAILY_ " I am ill the placo where I am demanded of consoletice to Bpcak tho truth, and, therefore, the truth I speak, impugn it whoso list ' IO COKHE&PONDENTS; Letters and other communications intended for Insor tlon in tho news columns should bu addressed to Tim Editor Ho J cc ted letters cannot bo rotiimcd under any cir cuinstances whatever Correspondents aro advised to koop copies of their lotters, as this rulo will bo adhered to strict)) Ko notice can bo taken of anoiij mous communications 11 ery letter mu_.t bo accompanied by tho name and addrossof thowritcr, not iicccks.u-11} for publication, but as a guarantee of good faith To avoid i 11 oom euicuccand delà} to persons in to rested, wo havo to request that all business communication«, including advertisements orders for tho papel, und remittances, bo addressed to \\\ ilhon and Maukinnois, and not to J. up Liu i ok Pa}iuepts by post ellice order, bank draft, or Victorian postage stamps will oblige_ MONDAY, JULY 23, 1883 Tho largo proposal mado by Sir Thomas M'Ilwraitii in connexion with tho movement for the annexation of Now Guinea will shortly como before tho Parliaments of tho various colonies. The lion, gentleman gracefully and pro- perly withdraws any claim Queensland may have put forward to an exclusive jurisdiction over tho proposed new possession, and states that his colony has acted throughout on behalf of Aus- tralia. Ile asks now for a joint repre- sentation from all tho colonies, urging Hi-. Majesty's Government to re- consider its recent decision, and the necessity for this action goes with- out argument. What wo have to overcomo is tho vis inertia of a distant department, presided over by a cold and timid statesman of a severely economic typo. Queensland has given a push and so also have Victoria and New South Wales and New Zealand, but the maximum result is not to bo obtained without a push altogether. If this wore all, wo need not dwell upon the memorandum which Sir Thosias MTlweaitic is sending to tho colonies. What the various Govern- ments and Parliaments havo dono in- dividually, thoy will, as a matter of course, bo glad to do collectivoly. But a now departure is taken, which will give tho document an historical value. There is now work for a Federal Council, and Sir Thomas M'IlwkA-_ invites tho colonies to send de- legates to a convention, to dis- cuss tho basis upon which Buch a body shall bo forthwith constituted. This is practical. Here, as we believe, we havo tho easiest and tho best way of accomplishing tho double object in the minds of patriotic and of far-seeing people-that of creating an Australia on tho one hand, and an Australasia on tho other. Ourdcniandshavc been stated. We wish to guard tho islands which encircle our shores from Now Guinea to NowZcalandinorder that we mayprotect the natives from desperadoes and our- selves from pandemoniums. This is tho ambitiou which Jins entered into tho hearts of tho people. Tho work is essentially our work, and wo must admit that it not fair that wo should throw either the moral responsibility or tho financial burden upon tho mother country. We havo no right to expect that the taxpayers of Kent and of Lancashire will enter into our feelings, and seo the visions whick wo sec, and recognise the duty which bears heavily upon our- selves. What we ougkt to do is to put ourselves in a position to state with | effect our desires and our intentions so that tkey shall be patent to the Empire. We should bo ablo to say, " Wo have " established a Federal Council to do "this thing, as tho Imperial Govcrn "mont has suggested. Wo provide the " men, the ships, and the monoy. Wo " have no selfish interest, but wo labour " for posterity and in tho interests I '' of humanity, and because the task " stands straight before us. We will " preservo this the fairest portion of the " world from strife and from pollution, j " and dedicate it io peace and to progress " as already we havo done with Australia. " Wo would take the dusky races of our | " isles kindly by the hand ; guard their " rights, and lead tkem to Ckristianity " and to civilisation. We would found " here a second India, more useful than " the first, because the white man can " live and work in it ; and more noble, " because tke titlo would be one, not of " conquest but of perpetual goodwill." The British nation, as we believe, would [ bo swift to respond to our appeal ; would I permit no cold pedants to set new obstacles In the path, but so far as pos- sible would help us on the way. Tho Federal Council would claim, and would doubtless obtain, poweis ample for our [ purpose. Heb Majesty's treaty obliga tions in tho Pacific "ill always havo to bo strictly respected in tlio Ko« Hobiidcs and olson hot o Hut wo mm to itht\o Gi oat Butam from fallu,« into moro snares and entanglements. And tho politicians of tho Manchestei school, -who think that tho rcsponsibili tics of tho Empire aro e\ee_siv., ought to ho thankful foi tho opportunity ol throwing homo poition of tho burden upon the youn¿ shoulders willing to beal it 'Hie Queensland cnculai note has not yet loathed tho various Governments, but a tolograpluc summary of its contents appealed in Ihe Aigm of Wednesday last, and Mi Suivioe has ah cady mado known his intentions Ho htm congratulated tho Queensland Pi timer on lho step, and has said " Ltt our ...alth.woid bo ' federation " ' and the islands ' " This is tlio right spnit 'lho task, it must bo reinem bored, is -well within oui stiengtli The Dutch, as Sa Thomas M'Ilw kutu saya, do not spend a penny upon tho pait of Now Guinea which they claim, and though wo could not, and do not pioposo to nmtato this policy of in action, tho necessary outlay is not lai gc Any regulation of tim labour tia.üc should be mado to pay its own expenses, and tho highc.t estímate of tho gonoial outlay foi tho purpose« of a piottctorato probably docs not e\ceed £50,000 pw annum And that is 3d peí head foi tho population of Aw ii aha and New Zealand If the outlay were £100,000 per] annum oui conti ibution would bo Gd »t head Taking the lowei estimate, a duty of ^d poi gallon on ker w ould pay tho Victoi ian contribution and the remark applies, of course, to tho othei colonies Tho policy does not involve any squandering of hoards of gold Such as tho outlay is, it would dv. nullo as the years loll on, and wo should bo moio than lecompensed m tho cady futuio by the ti ado earned on undoi tho Dominion flag in the A-tral asían Aichipelago What requires to bo done now is to agi co to the comen tion, and to send the lcadeis of parties to it, so that the aiiangements shall bo not íadical, nor constitutional, 1101 protec- tive, noi fice ti ade, but'national 'Hie local Paihaments need bo little mteifcred with in tho first instance, but tho Fedcial Council, once established, would probably giov. Tho people would become moro and moio pioudofAus ti aha, and moio and moio inclined to ti ust tho national body Tho hour appeals to havo como, and if Mr Ser vicu co opoiatcs ?with Sii Thomas M'Ilwraiih v>itk the vigoui his friends expect fiom him, ve may hopo to seo gieat things dono foi Austialm in this genciation Two ex Commissioners of Endways have stated that in thou opinion we do not want a first-class chaiunan of tho new lailway board, but a first-class genoial managor-that tho Government proposes to put its expeit in tho wrong placo Mr Woods albo thinks that tho ci cation of a boaid would bo a mistake, and suggests that the English system should bo followed m its en tntty Ile would havo a directory composed of sovon, eight, 01 mno mon, at sálanos of ¿£1,000 pei annum, foi lowing their own avocations, but de \ otmg any portion of timo found noces sai y to tho business of the dopartment Under them ho w ould have a goneral managor He says - " 1 hey (the directors) would meet tineen week or three times if necessiuy, und discus. qucutions of administration as do bank directors or the directors of a minc It would bo better to adopt Hie home pinn altogether than to constitute three despots who w ould as soon na they got into the saddle be pulling one against the other \\\ it li tile board of directors that would be impossible, les any one of them could be removed by the Minister It would bo sufhuent to say in aiiMier to these proposals that then adoption would destioy the chiet pmposo of tho bill, which is to freo the woiking of the railwaj s from political contiol But «e will goa littlo fin thci and show that tho luipi omptu suggestions whitli Mr Woods opposes to the well thoughtout scheme of tho Government are practi cally ?\aluelcss and utteily foolish, as well as wrong m punciplo Mr AVooos would havo a Mimstei looking after the details of management in oulei that he might know a\ hellier tho directors wo doing their duty m a fashion he could approve, 01 whether thoy needed re- moval as unjust, mcapablo, 01 perverse stewards At the samo time, ho would haio a goneial manager in supreme command " With regal d to a general " managci," ho says, "if a good man " is got, ho ought to have absolute " powei " Heio wo have two nuthon ties, each peinianont, and between thom it is pioposcd to place a board of "directois" What foi 1 Directors who could dnect nothing might oxpect to bo kicked and cufled by tho rival potentates, but they could no1 kopo to be of any use Wo need say no more about tho absuid schemo which Mr Woods propounded with as muchsenous ness as if ho had i cally thought out the question It stands self condemned almost befoio it can bo subjected to examination Wo should not have taken the tiouble lo refer to it had we not thought it dcsuablo to placo the public on their guaid against tho more or less plausible suggestions of nmateui lcgislatois, and to show the averogi value of tho pioposals ofieied in oppo- sition to a bill which, if not peifect, is at least consistent and practical Returning to the general question, let us considei whethei it is true that tho Mmistoiial measure pioposcs top» tho principal e_poit m the wiong pi«* We say at tho outset that, in our opinion, it is not It must bo rcmem bei ed that tho analogy which Mr Woods and othcis have sought to in stitute between oui Railway department and tho gi eat English companies cannot hold good The du ectors of an English railway company, as repiosentatnes ot tho shareholder, have supicmo authontj in all matters of policy and procedure Aftoi giving general instructions to then gcneiul managei, and indicating m largo tcims the com so to bo puisuea, they leave that officer to the exercise of his disci etion, because, as the mem bei foi Stawoll admits, a good ma» will not stay in a situation wier« " ho is humbugged with the .daw« " persons who do not understand ma " business » Owing to the connexion of oui înilways with the state, and uw doteimination of Parliament not w sui render ¡all control ovci them, ' is impossible for us to constitato » body e\actly toricsponding wtU-T English court of directors J plain fact is that the bill &» our Munsters in tho position ot aw tors, and gives, thom the golf»1 powers which ordinary .directors jw eise in tho mother country Tho Cabin« is to exercise general supervision, to appoint and remove the general manager (called in the Government measure tho chairman of 'tho Victorian Eailways Commissioners), to approve or dis- approve bye-laws regulating traffic, freights, passenger fares, etc., to decido what additions shall bo mado to tho property, and to do all other things outside tho business of working and controlling tho lines. There is room, therefore, for any other directors in tho English sense, and conse- quently the principal export-call him chairman or general manager or what you will-necessarily appears at the head of tho department as existing apart from tho stato. Wo havo already said that the chairman ought to bo freed, in somo way, from tko liability to be overruled by his colleagues. The latter, if appointed at all, should bo merely advisers, and while the bill is in committee we hope that the sugges- tion will receive attention. Wo want a man as chairman who is a first-class traffic manager, and something moro. Ho should bo ablo not only to direct everything in general terms, but to judge, from his own extended ex- pel ienco, of tko work done by tkose under kim. Even as regards pro- fessional matters, his oxperienco skould niako him a fairly competent judge. If business should go on satisfactorily under theheadsof branches, the chairman would confino himself to general control duties, while having his eye everywhere. But when anything went wrong, or any arrangement appeared capable of im- provement, his technical knowledge would come into play. Ho would receive roports, of course, from his officors, pro- fessional and otherwise, but ko would bo at the mercy of nono of them. He would learn at onco what was wanted, or what was amiss, and could place his finger at once upon the causo of disorder ind mishap, and indicate tho reforms needed to satisfy public requirements. A mero business man in such a position would bo in tho hands of his subor- dinates, who might deceive or obstruct liim at pleasure, but an ideal chairman would bo master of liimself, and those under kim. It would bo no use for one officer to say concerning anything pos- sible, " I cannot do this or that," as ho would at once be shown minutely how it might bo accomplished ; or for another to oppose the dead weight of vis inertia, to desirablo changes, as the expert at tho head of affairs could brush him aside in the midst of his do-nothing opposition, and supply his placo personally until a willing successor could bo found. With tho general control in the hands of such a man wo should soon seo a magical chango in the state of affairs. His influcnco would bo folt throughout the entiro service. As no ono would be absolutely necessary to kim, and political support would bo of no avail, tkc officials would soon recog- nise tko wisdom and necessity of doing tkeir duty to tko public instead of devoting themselves to obstruction and intrigue in tkeir own interests. Wkoro integrity, zeal, skill, and industry wero essential qualifications for advancement, those mi tues would speedily bo scon flourishing wheio then exact opposites now grow in îank luxuiiance Eut put this man under tho orders of some- body-a couit of directois, or two othei eoimmssioncis-and you at onco diminish his value bv at least 75 per pei cent, you render his supenor know led0e useless m regard to many ai range monts and you give the idle, tho ineih cient the obstructive, and tho insolent a chanco of resisting his directions, bn.Hing his wishes, minimising his refonns, and evading an arm which, if left uniestrainod, would strike mcapa city, insubordination, and disloyalty haid and homo To get tho man wo requno-a man on a level with tho gencial managcis who contiol the great English lailway s-wo must pay hand Bomely, and wo cannot imagine any moi e foolish piocecdmg than to secuio the sei vices of a fiist-class officei by a liberal outlay, and then to deliberately neutiahbo his efforts by associating lum with mediocuties, 01 by subjecting him to compaiatively unenhghtened au thonty Tho confcionco of tho Boaids of Advico his spent a useful and a busy week Its deliberations must assist tho Minister of Education nii.toi-i.l_y, and Piuhament also, for tho lesolutions earned mdicnto the dnection in which tho citizens who busy thomsel. es nbout education desiro to travol Just now mteiest contres about tlio reception gi. on to tho propos üs of tlio Bible in Stato Schools Loa0uo ihosc, it will bo noted havo boon îojocted by hugo majorities JM10 laity nppaiciitly havo no quanol with tho cleigy, but they desire abo\ o all things that tlio childron thiough out tho colony should bo taught togother, and should not bo divided mto socts, and they diead any breach of tho present Piotcstant hniinony A íesolution was Ultimately earned that tho Biblo might do íeiici in tlio scliools attoi iiouis-wiion tlio childi en aro at liberty to íotiro-but this leaves tho leaguo substantially where it was lho damand of tho League is that tho Biblo should bu lead as a part of tho school lessons by tho tonchois, mid tilnt theso readings should bo supplemented by comments and explanations 'I ho bulk of tho delegates set then faces against any schon- of tins nature, and it appeals foi tho time to bo lnipiactic ablo And tho Longue would pio bably moot with a coldoi locoption in tlio couutiy than it did in tho con fuenco bocnuso clergymen and busy churchmen natuially obtain positions on tho Boaids of Advico, and, again, tho -oman Catholics, who conßti tuto about a fourth of tho popu lation, eau scaicoly bo said to bo leprosonted in thoso bodies lho dolo gntos fear that íeligious lessons givon by the teachers would aiouse tho old denomi national fool-g Ihoy iccogniso also that tlio Koman Cathobo childi ou who now attend the scliools aio sent thero because tlioio is no dangei of thou falling into tho hands of zealots, and that probably, if tho Libio Leaguo had its way, w o should see tho bulk of thoso childi en withdrawn, and the bi each with that particular denomi- nation made widor and Ueepei than it is to day Ihose aro tho dangers The great tiiajouty of the boaids, it is ele ii, aro content that tho woislup of Gob should bo incidentally taught in tho schools, and that tho Christian morality should bo stcudily inculcated, lo ivin¿ tho Christian dogmas to bo Uught by voluntary an-lgoinont lho situation might, aftor all, bo a good dod woiso Aftei tho thorough discussion w Inch has taken placo tho Biblo League might ( reasonably throw its lot in with thoso practical Christians who aio striMiy to impio\o tho systom by work m tho stato buildings out of houis on week days, and in tho elim eli scliools on Sundays Aftei a sci&on; of quiet 1 ibour it may bo found that sume uiflicultios Inn o disappeared, and th it the public is converted, but wo must til ii^tec that it is undcbiijblo to wnsto lho nie ui_ino Simule >neously with tho controversy on ttio Sunday question in tins city, thero Has a disci viioii upon it in tlio New lork ÏWnmc, with tins mq it wa ihlleieneu -at III Hie c in nele li i q it li uf tho United States all tho clergymen whogavo thoir viows upon it woro agreed as to tho desirability of providing tho working man with reading room or lib"-_ry facilities boforo condennnng lum for seekmg Sun day recreation in objoctionablo forms Aro wo to concludo from this that tho clergy of Now YoiU, who aro threo or foui times as numerous as Uiobo of Mel bourne, aro less learned as theologians, loss dovoutos Christians, and less zealous m the causo of their M_u___u than those of this city . Or ia it that thoy aro nioro onlightciicd than tho babb-tanan sec tion of tlio latter, and aro am mated by a moro genuino spirit of Oliristianity ? Not only do somo of the most ommont divines in Now York con cur ni demanding that institutions re soniblmg oui own Public Library Bhall bo opened to tho public on Sundnys, but thoy actually attona tho froo reading room for working mon connected witli tho 1 irst Ward Industrial School, which has boon open from two till nine p m on tho first day of tho week during tlio last throo years, and deliver addiesses and lectures thoro And it is rocommonded that similar road ing looms should be opened at the various stations of tho Children's Aid Society and the City Missions At tho particular placo roforrcd to, winch is proposed as a model, the average attendance wook day ovonmgs is 80, and on Sunday ovonmgs 100, tho room being then crow dod to tho full extent of its c ipacity It is thus doscribod in tho New Yon, Ttibune-"It is brightly " lighted, and mado attract«, by | " numerous pictures on tho w-Is, is evi " dently regarded as a sort of home by " many of tho working mon of tho First " Wa-i, and their behaviour has for long " boon in every way unexceptionable. In " addition to a good supply of daily and " weekly papors, fora largo part of which " tho trustees aro indebted to the liberality " of tlio publishers, tlioro is a woll " selected library of more than 600 I " volumes, which is largoly made uso of. I " Until within a year or so tho books " woro not allowed to bo taken out of tho " room, but now tlio privilege of taking " tho books homo has been extended -? " the regular attondants at the room, " with the happiest results. The books I " havo nearly all boen returned in good " condition, only a very fow being Boiled " while in possession of those who had " applied for thom. Dickons and " Scott soem to bo the favourite authors, I " their works being oftenest called for." I Tho loading c1orgymon of Now York and | Brooklyn, without going so far as the pious author of tho Cliristian Year, the , saintly Keble, who used to lead tho way | out of church on Sunday afternoons i to tlio cricket ground, followed by tho whole of his congregation, aro pretty j much of tlio samo opinion as the Rev. Henry Wah» Bechek, who stands at ¡ the head of all American preachers. Ho contends that unless tho Day of Itost is observed with loss rigour, an outraged I public opinion will demand tho abolition of its religious observance ; and ho adds that "it will bo a wiso thing if Christian , " miniature and Christian churches will | " take this into consideration, that unless " Sunday is made a day of delight-not in " any low, or sensuous, or narrow sense, " but in a sonso that addresses itsolf to " tho social feeling and manhood of the " common people-they will take no " interest in it, and first or last will " tread it down." We publish tins morning the first com mumcution received from "Ihe Vagabond ' since ho left on Ins voyage to the New Hebrides, as special correspondent of 27«! Argus It is from Noumea, und is dated the 10th uist, haung been brought by the MM steamer Duplcix to Sjdney, and thence telegraphed to Melbourne 'lho de »patch describes public feeling in New Caledonia as being strongly in favour of tho annexation of the New Hebrides by Trance, and states that the Trench warship Destrecs is cruising round the islands with instructions to forcibly prevent anj other power from annexing them Mr Layard, the British consul at Noumea, lias protested against 1 runcc breaking the agreement made several j cars ago with Lngland that neither power should take possession of the islands " '1 he Vagabond was to sail for the New Ucbribcs on 1 _esday last 'Hie despatches exchanged between the Queensland Government and the Secretary of State for the Colonies with respect to the annexation of New Guinea have been pub y lishcd m 1 ngland Lord\Derbj, in his lii><t despatch, written on the lltlynst., expresses regret at the action of QueensLuK-T^os lie considers that there was nothing to justify the fear that any foreign power contemplated aggression m the island Ile also doubts the ability of the colony to efficiently .overnsuch a lurte native population, and regards the temptation to import coloured labour from the island as adding a special difficulty to the question He admits, however, that the re presentations of the othei Australian colonies arc entitled to weight Ihe most im poitant part of Lord Derbys despatch is the conclusion, m which ho promises that on condition of Queensland pro viding a reasonable sum for expenses, the Government will establish deputies of the Hi_h Commissioner for the Western Pacific, at various points on the SE coast of New Guinea, thereby establishing a British pro tcctorate ov er that part of the island It was intimated m a cable message published on Saturday that the tele_raph operators in the United States, being dis satisfied with their position und pay, liad struck work We learn to day that no less than 8 000 operators have joined the strike, and that telegraphic business is seriously aflcctcd Ihe following telegram on the subject has been received by the manager at Melbourne from the Madras office :-" Tele- grams for North America can only bo ac- cepted at the risk of Benders, till farther notice, as the Western Union Company has intimated its inability to accept messages, the operators having struck." The H.M.S. Cathay arrived at Glenelg at 3 o'olock on Saturday afternoon, and left for Melbourne nt 20 minutes post 8 p.m. She may bo expected in Hobson'a Bay early this afternoon. lu the Legislativo Assembly to-morrow night, the debate on the second reading of the Railway Management Hill will bores unied, and, if possible, brought to a conclusion. After the measure has been committed pro forma, tho debate on the budget will be íc Bumed. There is no intention on the part of the Government to introduce any fresh billa during the week, unless some very tempting opportunity presents itself. It is announo->d by advertisement that on and after Auguac 1 parcels, horses, carriages, and dogs will be booked by rail to Albury direct. We ure informed that Messrs C J and T nain hav e leased the whole of Messrs Bris coc's buildings in Collins street east, and the large store at the rear, to Messrs George Cop pin, J A Roberts, and J B Patterson, who intend to suddivide and relettbe premises m sections for business purposes 'Ihe second lloor will be devoted to the requirements of the recentlj formed Grand Lodge of Victorian Trcemasoti8 Arrangements are being made for the publi cation of a handbook m connexion with the Victorian court at the Calcutta Exhibition The work of compiling the information has been undertaken by the sea-tory, while the statistical portion will bo contributed by Mr Hi>>tei, the Government statist, liaron von Mueller and the president, Mr J Bosisto, also being contributors With a view ot arranging for the direct transmission of the Victorian exhibits to Calcutta telegrams have been despatched to the other colonies, inviting thora to furnish information regard ing the probable extent of their ship mente, so as to arrange, if possible, for joint action in the matter Applications for space still continue to be received, although Saturday, the 21st inst., was norm nally the latest date for entries '1 he cata logue is now m the printer a hands, and in order to avoid delay in its publication, it __ imperative that manufacturers and others who have decided on exhibiting should send in their applications Without delay Mr 1 lion son "i malting arrangements for the construction of a gold trophy of quite differ- J cnt design from any that have been shown at ] any previous exhibition. It will assume tho form of a massive golden arch, over 20ft. in height, and will serve as the entrance to the Victorian court The quantities aro now being "ken out by Mr. Cairnes, of the mining department. Amongst other features will bo a fern-tree gully, the materials for which aro now being collected by Mr. Guilfoyle, director of the Melbourne Botanic-gardens. Mr. J. Cosmo Newbery, who has charge of the timber collections, will make an imposing display, that gentleman having been fortunate in securing magnificent specimens of Vic- torian-grown timber. A meeting of the newly appointed coun- cil of the Boards of Advice Conference was held in the Melbourne Town-hall on Friday evening. There were present, the president, Mr. J. M. Templeton, in the chair ; the two vice-presidents, Messrs. Ingram and Barber; and Messrs. Saun- ders, Rodd, Ruin, Thurman, Deeblc, Salter, Hitchcock, J. Taylor, Clomca, S. G. King, and I. Warren Boll, bon. secretary. It was unanimously agreed that the executive council should consist of the president and lion, secretary, with Messrs. King, Leonard, Munro, Saunders, Rodd, and Salter, four to form a quorum ; and also that the hon. secretary be requested to have a report of the recent conference prepared by tho Becond Tuesday in September, to which date the council adjourned. The annual meeting of the mernbera of the Victoria Racing Club will be held on Monday, the 0th of August Particulars are given in the financial statement respecting the trans- actions of the club during the year ending June 30, 1883. At the Spring Meeting of October-November, 1882, the receipts amounted to £23,910 10s. 5d. (includiug sweepstakes, &c;), £12,534 was paid away in stakes, and the expenses wero £1,829 Is. Cd., the net profit being £9,517 9s. On tho Champion Meetifig, there was a loss of £227 0s. Id. The receipts amounted to £4,089 13s. 2d., whilst £3,001 was paid away in stakes, and the expenses were £41513s. 3d., the total outlay being £4,310 13s. 3d. The loss on the Autumn Meeting was £2,829 10s. 10d., the payments (including £9,8S0 in stakes) being 4-10,85-, and the receipts £8,021 Gs. Id. On the Winter Steeplechase Meeting of 18S2, tho loss was £34210s. 4d. In subscriptions, the club received £4,275 from 855 members at £5 and £107 10s. from 43 members at £2 10s. I each for the half-year. Registration fees wero received from CO bookmakers at £25 each, or £1,500 in all, the item being re- duced by £63 14s. Od. for silver badges. During tho year £16,550 was expended on racecourse improvements and maintenance account. The sum of £540 was deposited to credit of Bpecial account, and the overdraft on open account was reduced by £2,175 12s. 2d., the amount at which it stood on June 30 being £2,175 12s. 8d. The total payments for the year were £29,33410s. Id. To cover por- tion of the outlay on improvements, the sum of £12,000 waa withdrawn from the fixed deposit account at the bank. At the annual mooting, seven members of committee have to be elected. Tlie Winter Steeplechase Meeting of the V.lt.C. took place on Saturday at Flemington, and was a great success. The weather was very fine, and there was a numerous attend- ance in all parts of the enclosure. The gathering on the lawn and in the paddock was much largor than usual, and included a fair number of ladies. The arrangements were, na usual, all that could be desired, and notwithstanding the programme contained half-a-dozen events, visitors were enabled to reach town shortly after 5 o'clock. The racing opened with tho Maiden Hurdle Race, for which Ontario was made a great favourite. He, however, only managed to get third place, being defeated by The Joker and Belle Brandon, who were first and Becond respec- tively. The Maiden Steeplechase was won by Shamrock, with Speculator second, the only two horses that got round without a mistake. Hope, the favourite, although he baulked at the first fence and fell when nearing home, secured .third place. The Gmnd National Hurdle brought out a Held of eight horses, and Prospect maintained the premier position in the betting, leaving the paddock at 2 to 1. Ho was, however, badly beaten, and failed even to obtain a place,' Dizzy winning rather easily, with Rhesus second, and Basilisk third. Eleven horses faced the starter for the Grand National Steeplechase. Sailor had tho call in the betting, although Australian Court and Liz elte were freely supported, the former for a liirgc amount _J3jveral mistakes were made, ^iñU^cveiiturrily Blackthorn won, with Sailor and iHusk Jacket filling the places. The Selling Hurdle Itace was won by Sunlight, but as the jockey was a quarter of a pound short weight the race was given to Wild Harry, who finished second, and Stormbird, who was third, was placed second. Twenty three horses started for the Flat Race, which was carried off by Virago, with Bonnie Bee second, and The Ghost third. We have to record the death of another jockey whilst riding in a race. At the V.R.C. Winter Steeplechase Meeting at Flemington, on Saturday, a young man named A. M'lnnis was killed. He was riding Chrysalis in the Grand National Steeplechase, and had safely negotiated all the obstacles until reaching the stone wall by the railway in the second round. The horse struck the wall and came down, falling right across M'lnnia's chest, ne waa picked up inseiisible, and at once conveyed to Hie casualty room and attended to by Mr. James mid two other medical gen- tlemen, but lie died ina few minutes, and without recovering consciousness. He was known na a steady and well-conducted young man, and the support of his widowed mother. Mr. L. L. Smith made a collection in her aid, ond succeeded in obtaining £100 14s. Od. Further subscriptions will be re- ceived by Mr. Smith. ' St James's Church, which has recently undergone extensive repairs, was re-opened yesterday morning by the Bishop of Mel- bourne, assisted by the Dean. There was a very large congregation. The bishop preached the sermon. One of the alterations is the substitution of a handsome stained glass window, enriched with scripture texts, for the plain coloured glass window that was formerly in the chancel. There is also a new altar cloth, in red velvet, beautifully decorated by some of the young Indies of the congregation, and the drapery of the reading-desk and pulpit is likewise new und of the same material. The bishop _ throne has been re-covered and the chancel has been re-cärpeted, and the whole interior of the church has been brightened up. In the renovations the organ has not been neglected. A tablet in memory of the late Rev. M. H. Becher, who was incumbent of the church for 22 years, has been affixed to the walls by the parishioners. A very inte- resting relic in this church is the marble font which was formerly in St Catherine's Church, London, but was secured by the late Governor Latrobe when that church was pulled down in order to make room for docks, and presented to St James's. The age of this vessel is not known, but it has been in use in St James's for 35 years Pilots and masters of vessels are cautioned by the Harbour department to keep a good look out for Uoating wreckage when approaching and entering Port Phillip Heads They are also requested to report the posi tion of any wreckage that may come under then notice 'Hie second trial of Robert Fruncís Burna for the wilful murder of Michael Qninhvin at Wickliffe in June, 1880, was concluded at Hamilton on Saturday The Chief Justice summed up unfavourably to the prisoner, reniai king that he had gi\ en no satisfactory account of his parting with Qumliwn, winch if innocent he could have done 'Hie jurj, after delibera-ig for three quarters of an hour, returned a verdict of wilful murder against the prisoner, who was remanded for sentence Referring to the case recently commented on b) the Daylesford Herald, in which Mr 'I A L« nig was stated to have instructed a man named Ballaue to bum down a house the Kyneton Guardian points out that the facts which led up to the proceedings have not been properly set forth It says -"To hold Mr lowing up as an un feeling, cruel, an grasping creditor-os a compound of Uounderby and Grodgnnd -is a nortrc * r >th not one ocrson who has ever known him will recognise as a likeness. He had the misfortune 10 yc. rs ago to lend Frawley money, on the security of his land, to relieve him from pressing debts, and it has cost him no end of trouble and expense to receive back his own, nine years after he lent it On Christmas Eve, 1880, he suffered the indignity of being in- carcerated in Kyneton lock-up on a charge of forgery, which was as baseless as any mad- man's fiction coined in Bedlam, and waa withdrawn as soon as it carao hito the atmosphere of a police court. In vindication of his character ho had his false accuser, Frawley, tried at Sandhurst Assizes for perjury, where he was convicted in February, 1881, on the clearest testimony, and sentenced to three months' imprisonment, this light sentence being due to a recommendation of tho jury to mercy on account of Frawley'» ignorance and illiteracy." Our Gisborne correspondent reports that 25 complaints against parents for non- attend- ance of their children at school for the com- pulsory 30 days during tho quarter ending 31st March last were heard at the local court- house, and that a small fine was inflicted in each case. The offence was not denied, but the excuses-" fruit-picking, assisting at har- vest, and scarcity of labour"-were thought by Messrs. C. H. Nicolson, P.M., Woodworth, R. Clarke, and Riddell to be of sufficient im- portance to be submitted to the School Con- ference and the press, with a view to giving boards of advice power to dispense with the compulsory clauses in Bpccial cases. It was stated that the operation of the olause is sus- pended during the bop-picking season in Gipps Land. The North Borneo Herald, published at Kudat, writing on May 1, says:-"Already influential Chinese agricultural companies havo been formed, and have taken up land on the east coast'of the territory, and set to work. We may instance the China Sabah Land Farming Company, with a capital of 300,000 tools, which has taken up 40,000 acres on the banks of Bomo of the rivers running into Sandakan Bay. The geographical position of North Borneo as regards Australia ia also most favourable, lilopura (Sandakan) being within five days' steam of Port Darwin, and this fact has already attracted the at- tention of capitalists in the colony. A North Borneo land syndicate has since been formed in Australia, and has applied for 100,000 acres of agricultural land in North Borneo. Apart from these companies, nume- rous allotments of agricultural land have been made to private individuals of Chinese nationality, who have been pouring into the country since direct communication has been established by Messrs. Douglas, Lapraik, and Company's line of steamers. Agricultural land is sold without auction at Idol, per acre, but since February, 1883, the price per acre in the Sandakan district has been raised to 2doI. Tobacco is being grown extensively, but at present tho leaf is poor. The seasons are favourable ; tho rains begin in the middle of August, so that planting takes place in April and May. Tho soil is suitable, consist- ing of decomposed gnicss, or quartz, with 1 humus ' formed by virgin or second growth jungle." At the Opera-house on Saturday night "Alone" and "Black-eyed Susan" were repeated before agood house. " Youth" will be reproduced at this house to- morrow night There was a large and brilliant attendance at the Princess' Theatre on Saturday night, to witness the last performance of "Pa tience. " One of the features of the evening was the hearty applause bestowed on Miss Liddiard and Mr. Vernon, for the manner in which they Bang tho favourite duet " Pooh, pooh to you." An encore was insisted on. To- night " The Pirates of Penzance" will bo performed. On Saturday evening there was an excellent attendance at the bazaar now being held in the Athenajum-hall for the liquidation of the debt on the Caulfield Union Church. Songs were given at intervals by lady volunteers, and a brisk business was done at the various stalls. The bazaar will be brought to a close this evening. ' The new programme presented by the Federal Minstrels at the Victoria-hall this week is one of the best which has been given during the present season of miiiBtrelsy. The first part of the entertainment is as usual made up of an excellent selection of songs, serious and comic, and the jokes of Messrs. Horace Bent, Alf. Lawton, and C. Holly. It terminates with an extravaganza called " Cook's Excursion Round the World," in which the national songs of France, Ger- many, and England are introduced. Messrs. jLawton and Kennedy's Bketch, " The Dargo Family, " is an amusing trifle, and " The Masked Ball," a musical farce, in which Mr. and Mrs. T. Empson appear, and sing excerpts from favourite operas set to convenient .words, is a produc- tion of a kind which may lie listened to with pleasure. The most original part of the entertainment is the concluding burlesque sensation play, " Pluck(y) Youth, or the Lites o' Melbun." The odd fancies which have been utilised to render the piece a complete burlesque of the modern sensational drama are as extravagant as could be desired, but on Saturday night, when they were seen for the first time, they excited the laughter of a crowded audience to such a degree that the progress of the performance was occasionally checked by it. .The Temperance-hall, Russell-street, was crowded to excess on Saturday evening at the Total Abstinence Society's weekly People's Concert The Concord Screnaders appeared in nn entire change of programme, and again gave great satisfaction to the large audience present. The second part of the programme consisted of a number of miscellaneous items, among tho best of which were the recitals of Miss Jenny Atkinson, the triple songs and dances by Messrs. Jones, _ Gardner, and Thomas, and the songs hy Misses Amy Rowe and Mary Mackay and Messrs. Norman and Keen, all of which were encored. The Vau- deville Orchestra, under the direction of Mr. W Robb, performed overtures nnd accom pamed the songs in a highly Batisfactoiy manner In our telegraphic report of the Deniliquin show several mistakes were made in course of transmission '1 he champion ram shown by Messrs Austin and Millcar is a six tooth instead of a foul tooth sheep This mistake is apparent, as the pn_e ram Bhown by the same breeders in the next class is referred to as a four tooth ram. A ileece cut from the »ire of the champion ram formed one of Messrs Austin and Milleurs dozen fleeces which took second prize at the Melbourne Exhibition, and not first, as stated in the report We are requested to call attention to an advertisement of a lecture on national music to be given in the 1 it/roy town hall this evening by Mr Charles A 'lracj,whowill deal I with the ancient national music of Ireland, Scotland, und Wales '1 he following is the state of the Uomoo patine Hospital for the week ending July 21 -In patients-Remaining last week, li, ad ínittcd during week, 0, died dunng week, 1 (William Djer, aged 10, on July 17, of dm betes), number remaining, 10 Out patients \--New cases, ¿2, number remaining 391 