OUTWITTING THE BRIGANDS. It was on such a morning as we fog- nurtured islanders seldom witness at home, that I stood upon toe deck of the good steamer Govm.oundouros% watching the hear ing shores of toe Piraeus, which, as all the wori(l Knows or snoHiu jedow 19 tuo port oc the elassio city of Athens. The beautiful unclouded sky ; toe bright outline of the sun bathed coast ; the air laden with the scent of the distant Hymettus ; the far eminence with the grand old Acropolis standing out white and bold in the clear atmosphere ; and close at hand the mouldering tomb of Themisfcoeles — all combined to arouse such . poetic fancies in my mind, that I forgot tor the moment toe prosaic business upon which X had come. The screaming engine of the 1 busy little railway which carries the traveller \ from the Piraeus to Athens soon reminded \- — -- r_ - tne, h5wever, that I was accredited! with a mission from a London Greek' firm to their friends . in' the Attie city ; and I was boos whirling over the sacred ground Where History gives to every rood a page ! We passed the monuments of those doughty champions of the War of Independence, Earaiskakis and Miaulis, and many other objects of interest and after a ride of three or four miles, I found myself, at my destina tion- After the first few days, I certainly had a very pleasant time of it, the few hoars' work each day acting only as a stimulus to my varied pleasures ; and, having examined tbe Acropolis and lunched by the fallen pillar of Japiter, seated myself in the ruias of the Pnyx — whence Demosthenes declaimed and Pericles evolved his plans — I looked around, like Alexander, for more worlds to conquer. I thereupon consulted my genial but unwashed host, Eyrie Antonio Pericles Pappademetra- oopoulos— who, although Plato waB to him a text-book and the sayings of Socrates as familiar as the story of Tommy and Harry to an English schoolboy ; was always as dirty as a sweep— upon the propriety of betaking myself to where The mountains took on Marathon, And Marathon looks on the sea. For one might as well , go to Egypt without visiting the Pyramids, or to Rome without entering St. Peter's, as to ' do ' Greece and leare Marathon unexplored. And when my host tried to dissuade me by assuring me that a Greek gentleman's ear had been sent a fortnight before to his obstinate relatives to hurry the negotiations for his ransom, it so roused my blood that I vowed I would go if I returned as close-cropped as an English terrier. So away we started — myself and Themistooles, the son cf my host, a sallow nnshaven youth dirtier than his father — mounted npon two high-spirited donkeys, our revolvers well primed, and our oommissariat well stocked. 4 Adios KyrieV shouted my long-named host as we cantered off. ' Never fear,' I replied, waving my revolver defiantly, and feeling that I should be greatly disappointed if the rascals did not show themselves. On we went, enjoying the scenery and holding a hybrid conversation— he in brokep English, and I in sadly-mntilated Greek— until in the excitement of the ride, and the glorious panorama constantly, unfolding itself to onr view, I entirely forgot that there were such beings as brigands in existence. 4 Now,' said I to Themistooles, after a ride \- some hours, during which my appetite had \- - unpleasantly sharpened, 1 let as loot tjecom® -ot where we can bivouac it about for a sp. C0TOrt' t a a 1 1 place, sheltered We soon found a dehghtftu u M!1 mm /I MAMA mllAMA A E. A »ii luuua, oaio nuw« »uiuugu -»- land ing we obtained a view of a charming scape. Dismounting, and allowing on animals to refresh themselves on the grass, we soon made havoc of the good things we had brought. I was lying upon my back smoking a cigarette after the meal, gazing dreamily at the blue firmament ; and being too lazy to rise, had called upon Themistoeles to pass the bottle. Has the fellow gone to sleep,' thought I, still indisposed to turn my head. 4 Themis tooles!' But Themistoeles heard me not ; and when I raised myself upon my elbow, I saw Rim standing, as if struck dumb and motionless with fear, staring upon toe opening. In- r stihetively I leaped np And clutched my 'revolver; but before I took a step the cause of Themistooles 's fear beoame apparent, and three shaggy forms behind three' blunder busses aimed direet at me made me fully aware that I was in toe presence of thore soouiges of Greece, the brigands i But oh ! what a metamorphosis! Where were the natty green jackets with silver buttons, toe plumed hats, and the tout ensemble of the brigands., of my youth, of the operas and picture-books? Three ragged, disreputable- looking figures, clad in greasy, sheepskins and dirty clothes, unkempt, unshaven, took the place of those tinselled heroes, and with stern geBtnres and mattered threats, ordered as to follow them. My first thought was resist anee ; bat when I showed the 'slightest signs, the three bell-mouthed muskets were bent towards me, and I felt that the odds were too many, and determining to await events, grimly submitted to be led down the moan- tain by onr unsavoury gpides. At last, after winding through ravines and hollows, across glens and over mountain - paths innumerable, this most unpleasant journey ended by our guides calling a halt as we gained the summit of an emineco3 surrounded by trees and tall rocks, forming an extraordinary natural fortress. Beneath our feet, in a deep ravine, with seemingly but one outlet, and excellently sheltered by over hanging foliage, was the camp of toe brigands ; and here we found toe . rest of the shaggy ruffians — with toe exception of one who stood sentinel— enjoy ing their siesta with indolent content. A Bhrill whistle soon brought the rascals to their feet; and rushing up to meet ns, they displayed a dozen of as unfavourable specimens of the human race as could well be found. Seizing our asses by their bridles, they relieved our captors, and led us down the ravine ; and having roughly assisted us to dismount, brought us into the presence of the chief of the band. Bravo, lads! excellent, excellent!' he shonted, as his sparkling eyes bent upon us in delight ; and after a cursory examination, we were conducted, amid the excited gesticu lations of the brigands and without undue ceremony, into a dark cavern within the ravine. Shiver my maintops !' exolaimed a voice as I groped my way |n ; ' they might give us sea-room, the vagabonds, and not land ns in this lubberly creek; and now. they are shoving more craft in to anchor 1' 4 Haul in, Jack, old obum!' answered another; ' we must make the "best of a bad job, mate.' To say that my heart leaped to my mouth at hearing such unexpected words, and finding myself in the company of my own country men, would no more than describe the cheering sensation that thrilled through me. . ' What cheer, mates ?' . f cried in the darkness. Answering .exclamations of j astonishment greeted "my words ; and ® ' ! few moment? our steries wcr/ told : and I i learned that my new-found friends were toe l»rii mi \- supercargo of a ship then lying in the port of ; lbs Piresus, who, seeking a libs abject, hafi- , met' with a similar late to my oiria. j 4 And now/ said Captain Jack Jenkins, - j 4 how are we to- get out of this scrape ? If ' I had Tim and Joe,- and Black Tom; eaoh : with a cutlass and barking-iron here, we'd soon make a passage, I'd warrant 1' j 4 That's all very -well,' said Will Johnson, i the supercargo ; 4 but we haven't. If I'd but j the opportunity given qae, I'd guarantee——' I Whatever the supercargo' was about to say was cut short by the advent of two shock- heads at tbe little opening of our prison, and two harsh voices calling us — as my guides ; Themistooles informed ui1— to partake of a I feast ; for we learned afterwards that tbe ' chief, in commemoration of having made | such a good haul, had decided to allow us, j his prisoners, to partake of the general ; festivity. But as a preliminary, we had to j undergo an examination as to onr capability of paying the anticipated ransoms. First, we were relieved of onr watches and rings, the Captain using language rather strong for translation to these pages, to the great, amusement of his tormentors, who with similar gesticulations to his, endeavoured to imitate the sound of ths Captain's words, whioh, of oourse, only added to his wrath and their hilarity. 4 You uncombed, dirfcy-fac6d vagabonds !' he shouted, ' if I had a few of yon aboard the Annie Martin, I'd twiBt your ngly heads over the yard-arch in the tvrinkling of a jiffy !' Of course they only laughed the louder at his impotent rage ; and I thought it quite as well that they did not understand the language iu which he gave it vent. Tbe operation of stripping us of our valuables gave me an opportunity to observe the appearance of my. companions. Captain Jenkins was toe bean-idlal of an English seaman. In age about thirty-five, of a large and robust build, a face broad, manly, and bearded, and limbs' such as would delight a sculptor to copy. His height was nearly six feet : and he had an air of command about him which was doubtlesB bred of his occupation. The supercargo, Will Johnson, was perhaps ten years younger ; nearly as tall as his friend, strong and active ; and take ns . i altogether — for I am of no mean stature my- ; self — we were three men who, under any . circumstances, would be no disgrace to our , country ; and if any opportunity should , arise for an attempt at an escape, I felt \ certain that we should give as good an account of ourselves as any scratch three, 3 here or there. Having satisfied themselveB of the value of : my late father's watch, which I. parted from with some emotion, and of the intrinsic worth of the Captain's gold chronometer, as well as the supercargo's watch and diamond . ring, we were interrogated, through xnemisEocies, as no our means, n or myself, the name of the firm I was travelling for at)edwith a talismanio effect upon them and x was imnoe<ftately assessed — notwith standing m\ protestations— at three hundred pounds. At tnJ8 P'ice, too, the Captain's freedom was valued i whlIe unfortunate Bupercargo— whose bartis?88 they persisted in confounding with that of Ob,®® toe cargo and ship — Was unanimously yoted to bo worth twice our ransom. Having arranged this matter to their own satisfaction, ir not to ours, we were told to sit down and enjoy ourselves with what appetite we could master . The smell of the roast' lamb and the freshly-baked meal cakes, however#/ soon aroused pleasanter sensations; and dimmed for a time the memory of our griefs ; more especially as, under toe apparent certainty of obtaining his booty, the chief condescended . to be quite patronising towards ns, carving the joints himself forf Us, and delicately handing on the point of a dagger onr several portions. After we had satisfied our hunger with the more solid viands, we were regaled with dried frnits as dessert ; and a large jar of a peculiar sherry-coloured but bad-tasting wine of a resinous flavour — which Themistoeiss de scribed as the common wine of toe country — - was brought in and set down in toe midst of us. This we told them we oould not drink and the chief very generously ordered us » couple of bottles from his own particular store, doubtless the proceeds of a raid upon some well-to-do householder. Will Johnson, after a time, managed to ingratiate himself in the favour of our shaggy host and his friends by his genial, happy manner and frank bearing, favouring the company with many remarks, which, trans lated by Themistoeles, evidently pleased them. When, too, by sleight-of-hand — in which he was an adept — he performed some simple tricks, and gave them a music-hall song with a rollicking chorns, and wound up with a hornpipe, accompanied by tbe Captain with a pocket-comb and a piece of paper, the general enthusiasm knew no bounds, and the beetle-browed vagabonds laughed till toe , tears rolled down their cheeks. Will now became on such excellent terms with them all that he proceeded to take some freedqpiB with them ; and when he snatched the horn from the cup-bearer, and Installed himself in that official's place, ladling the wine ont of toe wide-montoed jar and handing it ronnd to the company, his triumph was complete. 4 For heaven's sake 1' said he as he passed ns < don't take any of this staff, and don't drink mnch of your own/ 4 Never fear/ said Jenkins, making a wry face ; ' one taste is sufficient.' And so Will went ronnd with toe cup, making a comical remark to this one, and a grimace at that, until toe chief — evidently fearing from their hilarity that they were: taking too gmto — ordered them to desist from drinking, and return, to their several dories. : Meanwhile, we were sent back into our . dungeon, with a sentinel stationed at toe opening. 4 Not a word,' whispered Will, as we settled "down in onr prison: Here's something, Captain,' he continued, 4 that belongs to: > you.' . -v 4 Why/ said toe Captain in reply, as Will . . handed him the article mentioned, 4 thii is s stopper cut of my medicine bhefefc/ " 4 To be sure it is, Jack/ retnrned "Willi!: 1 and I mast Apologise for the liberty ; of taking your landailiii; phial; bnt my/ confounded back-tooth so painful on? x. hoard toe ship ldet night, tbai l got up c; took it. and luckily forgot to return it thi. morning. You must debit me wito toeuv> '' -v . i Jottfe sua iteoonteutg,for I dropped than I I Hfftotitevbonds' wtoerF - | "TOntf weiallewlttmodtnabraath. I Now, stop your ofoppere, continued the I yoo tooi Vm notbad at 1 «leight-of-hand tricks. Well, in the first I Sum6 oontnved to Bociete the bottle I while the blackguards sm rdieviog me of | myvaloablee, end then, having attained the I position of waiter, what was easier chaw to 5 waggle fee bottle down my Bleeve, whip oat I . ® stopper, and drop the fottoto their swipes, €ma8 the bottle a eraek and Stirring the , laudanum np every time £ dipped the horn f. into it V - lBavo, Will !' cried the Captain, seising ni8 hand and giving it a hearty shake. If that's the esse, we're sale, for the black-faced rascals wont wake np for a dozen hoors/rii he bound. There I our guard has dropped off already!' And 'sure enough, the drowsy ruffian had planted himself right across theopening, and was snoring loudly. ' Now for iti' cried the impetuous Jack Jenkins, rising. Hold hard!' said Will, 'Let them get well off. , 8o, settling ourselves down for half an hour, we talked the matter over. At the end of this time, we sent the trembling Themistodes to see how things were outside, and, after peeping over the prostrate sentinel, he rave os to understand that all were sleeping except three, and they were retiring to the farther «nd of the ravine, and would in a minute be oat oi sight. \ Capital 4 said Will, with suppressed excite- merit. Now, each take a pistol and a i cutlass from the fellows, and follow me.' One after another, we stepped across the sleeping brigand at the entrance, Will reliev ing him of his pistol, dirk, and blunderbuss, while the Captain and I stood by, ready to give him his quietus at the slightest sign «f his waking. Then the four of us, gliding j tike ghosts, assisted ourselves to whatever j we mum most easily lay hands wpon ; and as Themistodes was not of much nse for fighting, we gave him the bag con taining our valuables— which we found by toe side of the sleeping chief— as well as several spare pistols to carry. Picking our way without speaking a word, we advanced towards the open end of the ravine, and just as we turned round a jutting piece of rock, we saw the three sentinels, seemingly "in earnest conversation. 'Haiti' whispered Will. « Nowfor a rush ' and, each singling out his man and clutching his rifleby-'the barrel— tor we avoided the . 5?18®. . shooting — we sprang forward. Almost simultaneously, and before the enemy had time to observe us, we were upon them, and three rifle-stocks descended upon three shock heads with such force that two of the feJows dropped like stones. The stock of my nfle glanced off the hard head of my sntago. mtt and crashed against the rock. With a Jhflfid cry, he turned, but in an instant my hand was upon his throat, and the sound ! died la his gullet, while, with the strength ! wr aesperatran, I dashed his head against the waL-Jike reck, and after a straggle— in which ne wounded, me with his dagger— he fell from my grasp, apparently lifeless. , 5®w» tii® Captain, 'where axe the donkej. ? Come, Gteeky !' be cried to Themietoolee, - beer a hand ; and, looting CfWed oar four animals just as we left tibem, but with a brigand sitting by toem. Here was an unlooked-for rencontre! ile was fally a hundred yards off, and to get at torn w» should have to Gross a small plateau. 'Leave him to me!' cried Jenkins, preparing to rash forward. But under the advice of the supercargo, he stopped. We could have poked him off easily, but dared not for the noise of the rifles. 'Hang it!' impatiently muttered Jenkins, we shall be trapped again, after all;' and vmhout further parley, the impetuous fellow stoned off, running on the tips of his toes, nt h a drawn cutlass in one hand and a pistol in the other. Just as he was within a few yards of the brigand, the latter turned round, and seeing how matters stood, made for his rifle, which was leaning against a tree Lf® 7 off ; bat a revolver hurled deftly by Wfll Johnson— for we had all followed— catching him directly in the face, so effee- tually stopped his progress that he fell 1 stunned to the ground. 1 Ton persist in doing all the work,' said Jenkins as we came up to him. 'But quick, lads ; off we go I and in a moment we were ' cm our asses, and, under the guidance of our tvreek companion, were making with break- neck speed for Athens. Up hill, down dale, on we went for a couple of hours without stopping or meeting a human being; then jost as we were about to cross the summit of a mountain at which we had arrived, a harmless looking peasant wished us 'good- day, and was about to pass on. ' Seize him !' cried Themistodes; 'he's So seize him we did, for caution's sake and, as there were no trees near, we tied his hands and legs together, and left him beegins for mercy. But there was no merey to us! more especially asf Themistodes explained that there was such a curious and mysterious connection between the brigands and villagers' that it was by no means nnlikdy, had we allowed him to go free, he would have hied to the nearest village and roused a swarm of eemi-brigands about us. Having travelled for four hours, and as our asms could scarcely get along for fatigue, we called a halt ; and, after resting ourselves and watering our animals, we continued our journey, until, late at night, we reached Athens, where, round the hospitable board of ; our host, WO soon ianmt oar tmnKW ; Ch ambers's Journal. f 