New Zealand Notes, BY CENTAUR. WHEN a visitor landa in Sydney the first question ! asked (after the weather, of course) ia ho?,doJ°% like our harbour?" and it is said (ih ough i cant vouch for the accuracy of the story) that the officers of a certain English man-of-war, determined to anticipate the question by sticking up a, board with the announcement, " we are delighted with your harbour." ,. j - When our good ship steamed into Auckland we were so struck with the remarkable beauty_ of the harbour that we were lather astonished at not being ¡ assaüed with the same question, How do you line our harbour?" " ,_ , T "?. "_ No doubt one of the great oharma of Port Jackson lies in its being so completely land looked. In a lew minutes, and as if by magic, Ithe tempest- tosaed passenger finds himself guided through.frowning walla into perfeotly smooth water, and this sudden change from fancied danger to absolute security is probably one of the chief elements which tends to make it so popular to visitors. Apart from its great artificial beauties there ia a dreary sombre look about the foliage lining ltB Bhorcs that one willingly misses in Auckland, where everything ia green and parklike. The latter is also very much ! more extensive, and I am told that ships can go 4J miles up some of ita arms. The.city of Auckland is admirably situated from a picturesque point of view. Bnilt upon commanding hills and points, the harbour ia spread like a panorama at its feet, with the attractive suburb of North Slmre for a background, whilo behind und just boyond the city rise up like Bentinela the ghosts of extinct volcanoes. Many of those ahow signs of having been active at no very remote date, and much of the town is actually built upon beds of scoria, which crop out in all direct iona and eervo to make excellent roads. These cone-shaped hills aie peaceful enough looking at present, clothed to their summits with the greonest of pasture, and dotted over with cattle and sheep. Bat nevertheless they unpleasantly auggCBt thoughts of " buried cities," a catastrophe, however, which it ia to be fer- vently hoped will never overtake the promising city of Auokland and ita hospitable residents. Much of the New Zealand soil ia volcanic in character, and ! consequently highly productive both of cereals and grasses, and thanks to the constant and regular rain- fall, the light sandy soils, which in Australia would bo almost unavailable, aro hore converted into good pasture lands by tho eradication of ferns and substi- tution of English grasses. This improvement of lands, only in ita infancy as yet in the northern island, has already led to a much greater supply of cattle and sheep than tho local markets can hope to consume, and tho result is forcing tho Aucklandcra to look to the great centres for a market. Already have several cargoes of mutton readied England from New Zealand in fino condition, and tho Auckland Stud Company aro interesting theuisolvesina scheme to send regular shipmonts. The diroctors of this enormous establishment are also contemplating ship menta of podigroo blood stock, draught, and Hereford cattle to Sydney and Melbourne, and as y ou aro likely to have a consignment of their best thoroughbred yoarlinga in April next, a short description of the Btud may bo of interest. The company was originally formed in 1879, with a oapital of ¿610,000, the first step being to tako over the mares of a small private concern, known as the Cobham Stud Co. Thon Musket waa secured by good luck for the paltry sum of ¿6500. In connection witu this fino animal perhaps few are aware that by the terma of the late and eccentric Lord Glasgow'a will, none of hi3 horses could bo sold. To overoomo this difficulty, his administrator and clo.*>e friend, the late General Peel (through whose death " Peter " was disqualified for the Derby), leased the horse for life to the company. After this Sylvia (dam of Goldsbrongh, Bobin Hood, and Martini-Henry), by Fisherman, and Onyx, by Angler (dam of Sardonyx) wore purchased for 3000 guinoaa. Then Cap-a-pie was added to the galloping powera of the place. Ho ia so well known to moat of your readers, that a description of tho handsome bay who defeated the almost invincible Cheater for the Loger, is quite unnecessary. Not BO Musket, who stände porhapa unrivalled in the Southern hemisphere, or for that matter, anywhere else, as an exponent of quality, strength, and Bymmetry, combined with porformancea of the highest order. He is in colour a brown with aome white about hia lega and face, and Btands over 16 hands with no legginess and plenty of length, especially of rein, not an attractive horse in the least, but veny much ao when he Í8 moving. Wedded to rare old handsomo Sylvia, they have produced an exceedingly grand colt in Martini Henry, whom I saw for the first time after landing a few wooka ago from Now Zealand, quito dispelling any doubla about hie being a racehorse. Onyx is a small maro, but very symmetrical, and her colt by Muaket, who was suffering from stranglos at the time of my visit, is a IOOBO big jointed customer, and looks like emulating hie siro in eizo. Ho, too, ia shaped like a gallopor and bred like one. Tho doublo strain of Melbourne ahould givo him size and staying power, and if Martini-Henry pulls off any of the olasBio races, the man who socurea thia colt will pro- bably have to pay four figures. Later on Sir Hercules Robinson was asked to choose some marcs, and on hie arrival in England, he and Lord Falmouth, who is a great student of pedi- gree, and tho most successful breeder in England, put their hoads together and selected the elegant Atalantis (by the handsome Thormanby) out of Hurricane. Mortey by Knowsley out of Clémence by Newminster, tho lattor mare being known in turf history aa the animal said to be Bend Or's real mother, which might well bo the case, as her breeding ahould suit Doncaster all to piecea. Clytemncatra by Blair Athol, Bergère by Saunterer, Madcap by Trumpoter from Daughter of Melbourne from Maid of Masham-a family which haa been celebrated by Peter and Peregrino of late yeara ; abo by the filly Mr. Long bid 3500 for last year, who has won the "July." Rosette, by Lord Lyon out of Kout* e Boee (by Thormanby), dam of Bend Or, ia perhaps aa highly bred aa anything over imported, and her ex- ' treme quality may bo well served by mating with Musket's big Melbourne and Toxophilite strains*. Sister Agnes, by Roaicruoian from Penance, by the Plying Dutchman, ia a good pedigree, an she were botter in her hind legs. Not content with suoh a wealth of blood the enterprising shareholders, with a bignoaa of heart rarely seen out of America, and only equalled by our champion brooder, Mr. Andrew Town, of Richmond, have purchased the entire stud of Mr. Stead, of the Lower Island. No less than 15 of these are imported, and aa form was evidently studied when aaleoting in the first instance, they will bear a favourable comparison with any similar collection. In the prescribed limita of an article of thia kiud it would be impossible to particularise -, suffice it' to say that in the wall- formed Steppe, by Saunterer, they have a half-Sister to Hermit, also a daughter of Formosa in Pulchra» by Boaioruciah; Lady Ravensworth, a beautiful quality mare by Voltigeur from Lady Hawthorn, son to a sire, Hawthorn, of glorious memory j florence M'Cartby, by Macaroni from 4*ady Mergln (by Thormanby), dam of that beautiful and well- performed filly Adriana, who but for her untimely death must have had a great cut-in for the 1 claasio races of 1883, seeing how Bhe bowled over last season's champion, Macheath, at Newmarket. Out- side of imported mares oan bo found full sisters (two) to the immortal Lurlino, dam of Darebin ; also a sister to Calumny, and some others colonial-bred, not only equal to, but superior in shape to, the imported ones. The stud numbera altogether some 60 marea, besides two additional stallions in the well-bred Ai. teros, by Loiterer (a son of Stcokwell), from Adrasta by Orlando, iust the sort of horae to get steeplechasers and racshoTScs perhaps, if wellBuited. I cannot sky the same of Sterlingworth, by Sterling out of Chillianwallah, by Newminster, because he ia not only badly shaped and legged, but rarely have'we aeen anything to besret racehorses with Newminster for a maternal grand sire ; though, when on the otherside of the pedi.ree.it is the best strain in existence forsire3. Leolinus by Caterer, from Tas mania by Melbourne, has also been lately added to the collection, and good results may bo expooted, he having sired a few good ones. The company's property at Sylvia Park consista of 1000 acres of rich volcanic soil, clothed with English graBses to an extent I have never before witnessed ; and though it waa midwinter when I walked through the paddocks, if there waa a fuult it lay in being too luxuriant. Ia my opinion, tho horses would thrive better if tho grasa was kept down by a herd of black Angas or polled Suffolks. In such a moist climate, if leltto grow too long and coarse, it holds moiáturo, and ÍB not palatable to the moro fastidious horse. Another portion of the estate is devoted to the draught mares, a really fine lot, as were the stallions, four in number, grand animal^, and well worthy of tho establishment. One, a first prize taker in the old country at the Perth show, and got by the cele- brated Prince of Wales ; also, imported Blair Athol. Shades of the departed chestnut, what a deaecration of names and a poverty of invention ! That the New Zealandera can produce the hairy legged ones to perfection, has beon amply demon- strated by the late sales in Sydney, and Now Scuth Welshmen will have to look well to their laurels in this particular line, as also in cattle. Quite recently the capital of tho company has augmented to ¿6250,000 by the amalgamation of sovoral extensive studs and landed properties, so that at the present moment it is perhaps tlio biegest all mund thing in the world, comprising ovoi* COO pedigree Hereforda, bred by Mr. M'Lean, a herd of pedigree shorthorns, a large number of stud ßhoep, and all the blood and draught stock previously mentioned. AB if to compensate for the absence of any build- ing timber near, the soil contains scoria and lime, which together form a composition embodying all tho propertiea of Portland cement. New boxcB of an extensive oharaoter are now being erected, and when finished there will be about 70 in all on the estate. Tho plan adopted ia a very excellent one, and con* 6ÍBta of three sidea of a Bquare enclosing a court- yard of largo dimensions, which will be used aa a parado at Bales. Loose boxes open on to this, while each box can also be entered by doora at the back, opening from a passage which runs the entire length of the building, and communicates with the fodder bins, which arc placed here and there between the boxes. TIIÍB all moans an output of stock far greator than local requirements, and tho directors, numboringsuch men as Messrs. Russell, Morrice, Ben- nett, and others of well-known enterprise, aro deter- mined not to let it languish for want of pushing. Tho breeders of New South Walea and Victoria may therefore rely upon this stud being a formidable rival in tho future, with such men at the helm of affairs. Tho management of tho blood horses ia under the supervision of one of the shareholders, Captain Walmsloy, skilled in tho art of mating, and possessed of that requisite amount of energy and enthusiasm without which a concom of this nature cannot prosper. One of my chief regreta waa that the Zealandia arrived three days under time, and hurried mo away before I hud half finished talking podigreo to the gallant Captain, or half partaken of the hospitality so freely accorded by the Auoklandors to the strangers that enter their gate, and especially those from New South Wales. 