The Mystery of Glatnis Castle. The Strath more family is one of the old est and most historical of Scotland. They have been Earls since 1423, and inhabit a no less historical castle than that of Ola mis, associated with the Macbeths. In 1455 Lady Stathmore, falsely accused of conspiracy by witchcraft against the Jife of King James IV., of Scotland, was burnt in the Grassemarkets, Edinburgh. Her son, driven desperate by persecution, flung himself over a rock and perished immediately. The title remained some 1 years dormant, bat was revived by James , I. of England VI. of Scotland. It is said the lady of Strathmore cursed her family for having abandoned her in her distress. Be this as it may, here is what recently transpired in this ancient house. For four generations there has been a mystery at Glamis Castle which no one has ever been able to fathom. Some said it was a ghost, others a mysteriously hid den treasure ; but rumours of a more or less uncanny nature floated round the country, and have done so for about 93 years. Four Earls of Strathmore hare seated themselveB in ancestral state at Westminster, and yet all the while the real Earl, the eldest of the family, was alive, hidden in the vast old feudal palace at Glamis. He died only last year, aged 92 years, and he was a monster. Hi« head and upper part of his body resem bled that of a toad. His skin was marked with black and white splotches, and his hands were webbed. He could not speak nor hear, but his eyes were bright and wild. He never showed Bigns of rea son, and in order to avoid legal diffi culties and painful revelations, this hor ror was hidden in a building erected on purpose. His gaolers were paid hand some annuities to keep silent. As each Earl succeeded to the estate he was taken to see this terrible creature, and it is said tliat one of these gentlemen almost lost his reason in beholding the loathsome and gigantic horror. Last year the miserable wretch died, and his secret has come out, owing to difficulties concerning the dis posal of his remains. The most extraor- < dinary part of it all is that the where abouts of the monster £arl was kept so wonderfully quiet; and 'also that he lived to such an advanced aire. 