Sftetcber. IN THE DEATH STATION. KBOSI THE RECOLLECTIONS OF; A SIBERIAN '.' '-. - ' F.CGITIVE. '- ; • I ijAD lived four vears as exile in Siberia, m the village pf Balachca; when one night the opportunity came to escape with the horse and sleigh belonging to - the inspector , of the exiles. Iflew out of the village andallmght long through solitaiy,plains of snow without stopping. As dawn apnroached r saw a TOIt lage on ray right, but fearing recognition and capture I went on acrosB the endless wastes of snow, after -pausing down bin a ravine to feed my horse and strengthen myself with brandy. On- I went, the whole ;dav.without having seen .a single human .being. ! .' i" .- Toward night inv liorse grew., weary and soon could <only walk.' At last he stood still, pantmg-heavily. I was uneasy, for I feared-if I-rcraaiucdiquiet thffie on the plain, I might be surprised cither by:wolves or by the an-- numerable tramps of Siberia. Unfortunately, 1\. did not know in what direction I had journeyed during the last .hours, for I might; have approached the place I started from. Eor-readmessin any case, I drew out.two-ievolvers, also .stolen from vour;-:-; inspector,- charged each.barrel with. ball.and ;laid:theniboth before inc . After my horse had stood awhileand.eaten.' snow,-he showed readiness ,to5proceedi-iBut. whither ? ; I did jiot.kno\v, and left-it rto-thehorse to go where he would. -As soon ,as he felt the loose rem he turned at once to the left and went off in a quick trot. ,' -Meanwlule at grew darkerand darker till at last I But the horse seemed to trace Hometlungi'for: he pointed his cars continually--and. looked -steadily- before .him. ^I...flleo':was .watehfiil;- and standing np in the sleigh, gazed: straight ahead:: But :I "saw-"-and -heard:inothmg,--.andwas about-fco sit down agam when ^suddenly: My horse, also -saw it; and trotted • faster -.-for-: ward:' This, light- might come from a farin-' house nvindpw, but itmightralso came from a fire huilt by-wanderers-m the snowy desert.- "Be it-what it may," I said to myself, "I must get out of this uncertain situation; though fall in with robders." . . .. ........WiWW^ Soon afterward "I coiiJS idisoem the outline . of a greats tractate wbi^'stopaklone m the • middle of the desert, 4^,na»3rom" -whose one wipdow 'the rays of light shown. I "was especially |itaek- OTth fee- ld5ielme3S <)I the .bnUamg.-auS' thefemolce^hich came^Jrom the - one window.- Afraid of:;lkmEvibserTed, ,:I drove slowly and quietly up, stopped hy the back wall of the strange building, ia^tened tbe horse, to. >jiostjjitt^ him, and iheu stole cautiously and noiselessly np to the window whence the light - •Accustomed-.to the darkness; ,my-eyes (could > •at first -distinguish nothmg-'of the-mterior ;.. it, was only after some inmute3 .thatirealized the picture iipresented;to; my. ^ew. But . this, scene was so frightful that my Wood curdled in my veins, my hair rose on end and a. cold, j sweat broke out op my brow- . : ; . ,- . - The whole interior of the building .was .filled, with smoke which rose from a burningpile of logs m the centre: .Bound this fire sat-three men whose faces had a fantastic lock in the red glow of.the.flre.: Near the hearth, in the loosehoards of the floor; a great'opening was , visible, from which six men,-one after another,, soon came out, and -each-.tbore :-a-^stiffened human corpse 1- .The bodies ..were wrapped, only in Imen,- and were chalk-white from frost. .Tko.bearera .wore peasants' .dress, ,«adwere robust- fellows with rough, repulsive faces • Two of the men sitting roundrthe -fire were dressed in city clothes, while the third ,appeared like a butcher; he wore,a blue apron,• had 'his deeves Tolled up ;and held a- great; knife in his hand. "When the bix peasants entered with their dreadful burden, the three, stepped back from the fire, and the six corpses were put in their place, erectround the pile of logs like candles! It was a horrible sight for me S . The fire glared -upon the white: forms of the -dead, white over their heads . the black; smoke, gathered. I distinguished among them: four men, a woman and a boy. One of the male corpses had a beard of extraordinary length. When the bodies were, somewhat thawed they -were taken by the peasants from the fire and laid on the floor on .the outspread linen. At the same moment the ".butcher!' went up to the corpses roth his great knife and thrust it deep m the abdomen of the, one:nearest him/ I could not explam to myself the meaning of this whole scene. I simply stared, and saw how with almost indifference the " butcher" ripped open the abdomen, took out the .insides,. carved, divided, .-and showed to the, city di:es5eii men, and tlieD throst again into the body belonging to them. I had often m my life witnessed terrible events, but what I saw here went beyond , all human conception; It seemed to be that all this was more a fantasy of my .weaned .brain than-a reahty. -I remembered.'how.: authors of horrible tales after presenting a train ofimpossible* unhealed of.occurrences andexciting. thereader s curiosity to the highest .degree; suddenlv .broke off with the simple sentence. : " I waJied up,, the bright sunshine, etc." .'What happened in romances might btm reality. - I rubbed my eyes, looked, tned to collect my thoughts,- in vain ! • I did not sleep, .1 saw, I heard,I breathed 1 . :..•. .. .; •• Before me the wall of the :awful building, blacitsned by the eternal storms; near me my tethcrcdhorse;andmv:sleigh; allabout me a boundless waste of ,snow; above me .the sullen, clouded Sibcnanheavens. Whatshould I do? I thought -to myself.: Should I -fly? But where ? Or should I penetrate into the house and shoot down these desecrators of the, dead? Terrified,-benumbed,-I stood there half dead and did not know what to decide upon. At lastl concluded to abandon this unlucky post of observation. I wanted to. steel softly to my sleigh agam and run up and down, but my feet refused to serve me. I tried to scream out; my voice died in my throat. An impenetrable mist: veiled my. thoughts, paralyzed my will: I already began to doubt the correctness of my judgment. ... . I could not understand who I was, who these dreadful' people were, what 'was the obj'ect of. then: terrible doings. -Finally the moment came, the one moment m my life -when I began to believe in a supernatural world, in ghosts or mystic sorcery. But this moment did not last long. Then, as I,. so perplexed, mused and stared-within,Isuddenly felt someonefrom behind seizeme by my fur .collar and xoar fearfully at me. Like a broken straw.I. dropped without a sound and knew no more that happened to me. , • . . . .... ."When I recovered myeoiiEeionsnesB and opened my eyes, I lay in the snow while the two men m city clothes lubbed my forehead with snow and tried to revive andcncourage me. ' . • ' ' i';- = -,•• ..'; "•-.^•••f .d ;. V Youarefrightened; myfriend," one of them saidto me. "Do not fear; -we will do nothing to you. We are doctors and here only m the discharge of our duty.-' "Yes—hut the corpses." Icould soarcely utter the words. : -r "The corpses, brother," one of the men replied, " are of the peasants in.tliis region who: died of cholera, and here in the Death Station we have, dissected-them.-: By accident you witnessed the most repugnant work of our; ofhee. Such e Bcene is offensive to anyone, but - most so to those -who have never, before seen it. ' If it is agreeable to youto travel withus to the nextpost-station.it will give us great pleasure," -concluded the amiable doctor. : .But: I thanked; him- for. his. invitation, pleaded a.pressmg business journey, -climbed then with the assistance of hoth doctors unto my sleighi,.and rode, swift as an arrow off and away. I breathed freely-when I,felt myself: alone agam on the plains,-' but I was long agitated by what I had «een in the Lonely |D(eath Station.--:. In Siberia sudden :deaths'frequently oncufii but there. ,m such a-case they may. not -inter the body without its inspection by the police and aji5rij?iorte?ji:examiaati6nbyphysioians; but. the number of doctors in Siberia-is rnsufficient, i«Bo,;.between-/ the solitary -.villages socalled Death Stations are erected, to which the dead -are brought »nd > placed in: cold cellars built for jthem, remaining there till a pohce and medical commisBionairives and examines them., Then, onIy, are they separately conveyed to their lonely burial places and inferred.: •"';:- •',.;...-" "Ji.ii-V.---=-5-fi-i"';^--W Thus I was the involuntary witness -of ^nch ..a judicial, post mortem, and I shudder-«ven now when l-reeall that night during my flight from -Siberia.— .From the German. • •-. 