THE MYSTERY OP GLAMIS CASr*LE. The Str&thmore; family is one of the oldest and most storical of Scotland. They have been* Earls since 423, and inhabit a no less historical castle than that of Glaiiris, associated with the Macbeths. In 1455 Lady Strath snore, falsely accused of con spiracy bv witchcraft against the life of King James IV. of Scotland, was burnt in the Grassemarkets, Edinburgh. Her son, driven, desperate by preseeution, flung him self over a rock and perished immediately. The title remained some years dormant, but ?wa3 retired by James I. of England, VI. of Scotland. It Is said the lady of Strathaiore cursed her family for having abandoued her in her distress. Be this as it may, here is ?what recently transpired in this ancient house. For four generations there has been a mystery at Glaniis Gastle which no one has ever been able to fathom. Some said it ?was a ghost, others a mysteriously hidden treasure : but rumours of a more or less un cauny nature floated round the country, and liave done so for about 93 years. Four Earls of Strathmore have seated themselves in ancestral state at Westminster, and yet all the while the real Earl, the eldest of the family, was alive, hidden in the vast old ..feudal palace at Glauiis. He died only last year, aged 92 years, and he was a monster. He stood eight feet in height. His head and the upper part of his body reaembled that of a toad. His skin was marked with black and white blotches, aud his hands were webbed. He could not speak or hear, but his eyes were bright but wild. He never showed sig-ns of reason, and in order to avoid legal difficulties and painful revela tions, this horror was hidden in' a building erected on purpose. His gaolers were paid handsome annuities to keep silent. As each Earl succeeded to the estate he was taken to see this terrific creature, and it is said that one of these gentlemen almost lost his reason in beholding the loathsome and gigantic horror. Last year the poor wretch died, and his secret has come out, owing to difficulties concerning the disposal of his re mains. The most extraordinary part of it all is that the whereabouts of the monster Earl was kept so wonderfully quiet, and also that he lived to such an advanced age. 'Ah, good morninjr. Going to church to-morrow?' 'Church? Oh, yes I guess bo. Who holds forth?' 'Oh, let's see. Miss Crescendo is to sing1 an aria, Miss Pianissimo will warble a bit, Bravura is to hum on the tenor side, aud old Andante will come in somewhere on the chorus. It will be way up.' ' But who preaches?' 'That makes uo difference. Some fellow who will touch up our transgressions mighty light.' — Hartford Post. 