HOW THE CZAR IS CROWNED. Alexander III. will be crowned in Moscow To-morrow (Sunday), May 27. As the coronation is one of the most brilliant ceremonies in the world, a description of it (from a Russian source) may be read with interest. The great ceremony has always been performed in the Church of the Holy Assumption, within the walls of the Kremlin, at the ancient town of Moscow. Arriving at the church, the Czar and his wife are shown to ordinary thrones near those of the bishops, and the special service immediately begins. After the first lesson is read, the Metropolitans conduct the Emperor and Empress to a canopy of scarlet velvet, richly embroi dered in gold, the principal figure being the double-headed Russian eagle. Under this canopy is an elevated platform, upon which are the historical throne of the Czar Vladimir Monomague and an ordinary armchair for the Empress, also a table upon which _ are the sceptre and crown of Constantinus Monomachus, a sword, and a mantle of ermine. The nobles now advance from the south of the Cathedral, and surrounding the platform draw their swords and place them at the feet of the Czar. The Bidhop of Kazan than ask the Emperor i . '.oud voice if he is a trna believer, to wuicu he replies by reading.the Lord's Prayer and the Apostles Creed of the- Greek Church. The Bishop next says:—«• Jf there be Pay of you here present knowing any impediment for which Alexander, son oF Alexander (or other name), should not be crowned, by the grace of God, Emperor and autocrat of All the Russians, of Moscow, of Kieff, of Vladimir, of Novgorod; Czar of. Kazan, of .Astrakhan, of Poland, of Siberia, of Kherson-Taurida, of Grousi; Gosoudar of Pskoff; Grand Duke of Smolensk, of Lithunla, of Volhynia, of Podolia, and of Finland; Prince of Esthonia, of Livonia, of Courland, of Semigalia, of the Samoyedes, of BieloBtok, of Corelia, of Foer, of lngor, of Perm, of Viatka, of Bulgaria, and of other - countries; Master and Grand Duke of tha Lower Countries in Novgorod, of Tchenugoff, of Riazan, of Polotsk, of Rostoff, of Jarosliff, of Bielosersk, of Oudork, of Obdorsk, of Kon disk, of Vitelsk, of Msttilaff, and of all the countries-of the North; Master Absolute of Iversk, of Kastalnisk, of Kabardinsk, and'of the territory of Armenia; Sovereign of Mountain Princes of Tekerkask: Master of Turkestan, Heir- Presumptive of Norway, and Duke of Sloswick-Holstein, of Stonnarue, of Dithmarse, and of Oldenburg, let him come forward now, in the name of the Holy Trinity, and show what the impediment is, or let; him remain dumb for ever." Thisis repeated i three times, and upon no objection being raised, he lays his hand upon tne head of the Czar, who immediately kneels. At this point the Metropolitan of Moscow takes the mantle of ermine frcm the table and throws it over the kneeling Czar, saying—"Cover and prelate's hand. The Bishop of Novgorod now places the sceptre in the Czar's hand, saying, "May thine hand which holds this wither the day thou art unjust;" the answer being —"Be it so;" after which the Bishop of- Kieft places the crown upon the Emperor's head. At this point the Empress kneels beside her husband, who partly covers her with the cloak of ermine, and also holds his crown above her head for a few seconds, without, however, placing it upon her head. The Czar and Czarina remain in prayer torse veral minutes amid a deadly silence, and the instant they rise to their feet bishops, nobles, deputations, clergy, and all presentkneel to them, shouting, "Long live the Czar!" The cry is taken up by the hundreds of thousands who are outside, the heraldssound their trumpets, guns are fired, and bells are rung. The Czar commands the people to rise, and is again surrounded by the nobles, who receive their swords back from the Imperial hands, the Emperor saying," It ia thy country's," to which the noble replies,. " and mv Czar's." Mass is again resumed, and the Emperor proceeds alone to the altar, assing through the Golden Gates of the Iconostasini. which are closed behind him, thus hiding him from view. Here, after partaking of the Holy Communion, the Metropolitan of Moscow anoints his head, temples,, eyelids, lips, nostrils, ears, breast, and hands, saying—"Behold the seal of the Holy Ghost, make it keep thee ever holy." The Gates of the Iconostasini are reopened, tlie Czar appears before them, and is hailed with shouts of "Thou art verily by the Lord anointed." The Empress advances to the sanctuary and kneels to her lord, who bids her rise, and they walk out of the cathedral arm in arm. At the door is a gilded chariot drawn by twelve white horses, into which they enter, the princes, other members of the Imperial family, foreign monarchs, guests, &c.;, entering other State chariots. The procession again forms as it did on approaching, the Kremlin, and with its new additions, moves slowly through the gaily decorated town. According to an old custom, the Czar's carriage, instead of being guarded by troops, is surrounded by one hundred maidens belonging to the best Russian families, all dressed in white and holiday garlands of flowers. Court balls and receptions begin in the evening, and last for a fortnight, after which the Court returns to St. Petersburg. The jewellers of St. Petersburg have had a busy time of it, setting in order the preciousstones which are to adorn the crown at the approaching ceremony. Their value is estimated at over a million and a quarter pounds sterling. The diadem itself, which should fetch one hundred and twenty thousand pounds if placed on the market at Amsterdam, is superb in workmanship, and is embellished with magnificent diamonds, fiftyfour enormous, unblemished pearls, and a ruby of phenomenal size. It is the fabrication of Pauzi^, a famous lapidary of Geneva, and was first used at the coronation of Catherine H. The sceptre, which waa fashioned for Paul L, is luminous with the celebrated Orloff diamond, which came, like Koh-i-Noor, " The Mountain of light," from the treasure of the Great MoguL This, the largest cut stone in the world, is appraised at three hundred and twenty thousand pounds. It was once the eve of an idol in India; but a Frenchman stole it, replacing it by a piece of glass of the same shape. He sola it to 3 ship's captain for two thousand pounds; the captain brought it to Europe, and disposed of it for twenty thousand pounds. At last it came into the hands of a diamond merchant, who bartered it to Count Orloff, for the Empress Catherine, for ninety thousand pounds down, and a life pension of four thousand pounds annually. The Empress also made the merchant a noble. The jewel is rose-cut, of the form of half a pigeon's egg, and weighs 194f carats. " Barbaric pearl and gold" will not be wanting at the Czar's coronation, whatever else may be. 