AN A HEIST'S GIW8T 8T0KY. 8TIUNGK BJPERIBNOE OF THOMAS HKAPnV, THE LONDON ACADEMICIAN. A NUMnER'Of years ago thoro appenrod in All the Fear Hound, thon conducted by GIuvtIob Dickons, a paper entitled " Four Stories," One of tliem purported to bo tlio supernatural oxperionoo of " one Mr, H" an artist," Shortly niter its ap. pearanco Dickons roceived a nolo from Thomas Hoaphy, It, A,, in whioli lio gooiMiumorodiy statod that Ho watt tho "Mr, H.," and, that tho oxpn« rienoo was his, but (hat ho did'not understand how it had got into print. He also forwarded a cov rooted vorsion, Irf His roply Diokons wroto : GAD'S IIh,i, PLACE, HIOIIAM-by.BOOIIEBTEII, KENT, Sunday, September IB, 1861, DEAn SIR ; Allow mo to express to you tho sincoro rogrot 1 feel tlmt your most remarkablo story (which I havo roaa with great interest). Bliould hnvo been innooontly forestalled in the pneos of, my journal. At tho same time I must add that your own voraion of tho experience is BO vory curious, and so much mora striking than tho account sent to mo, that I shall bo hapny to, pub. Mi it in All the Year Hound, if you snonld fool disposed to ontrust it to mo for that purpoae. I rccoirod tho story published in that journal first among tho " Tour Ghost Storios " from a gentle* mnn of a distinguished position, both literary nud social, who. I do not doubt, is woll known to you by reputation. Ho did not sondltto mo as his own, out as the work of a young writer in whom he ICOIb an interest, and who previously contri buted (all through him) another ghost Btory. I will immediately lot him lyiow what correspon« dence I liavo had with you j and you shall bo made acquainted with tho naturo of Ins roply. Faithfully yourt, t CltAIUKH Diokenh, P.H,-I olworvo in yonr narrative that you men tioned the young lady's eating tho boof and drink ing tho olatot. Do you romomber whether the joint was placed on tho table or carved on tho Bido-boai'd ?-and whether you scorned to tee the flguro served as tho tlirco mortals were, op seemed to And H, already carrod without notioing tho. progress ? Tliero has just appeared in London a llttlo pamphlet containing tho truo version of this strango Btory, writton by Mr, Hoaphy himself. Ho died not long ago, and tho pamphlet is issued bv his wifo, It is published by Griffith and Farran, and makos a broohuro of oighty-soven pagos, Tho narrative is appended.-13n. I am a painter, Ono morning In May, 1858, I was sontod in my Btudlo at my usual occupation. SA paragraph or two is omittod, as only intro uclng a lady and gontleman--Mr, and Mrs. Kirkboek.] My now visitors wero strangers to mo. Tlioy had soon a portrait I had painted, and wished for llkoncssos of tliomsolvos and tholr ohildron, The prico I named did not doter them, and tlioy asked to look around tlio studio to select tho stylo and size tlioy should prefor, Tho inspection proving sntiafnotory, they nskod whothor I could paint tho pioturos at thoir house, in tho country, nnd there being no difficulty on this point, an engagement was jrmcla for tho following autumn. subject to my writing, to fix tho timo whon I might us nblo to loavo town for tho purpose. This being adjusted, tho gontloraim gavo mo his card and tlioy loft. Shortly nftorwnrd, on looking at tho card loft by the strangers,, I was somowliab disappointed to And that though it containod tho namos of Mr. and Mrs. Klrkbeok, thoro was no address. I triod to And It by looking at tho "Court Guldo," but it contained iwBUch name', BO I put tho oard in* my writing-desk, and forgot for a timo tho onlire transaction, Autumn oamo, and with it a sorios of ongnjo monts I hnd mado in tho North of England, To ward tho ond of September, 1858,1 waB ono of a dinnov-pnrty at a oountry house at theaonfinoB of Yoskshfro and Lincolnshire. Tlio party was a numoroua ono, nnd aa tho moal approachod ita . termination, and was about to subsfdo into tho dossort, tho convocation bociimo aonoral. I should lioro raontion that my hearing Is defeotivo, at Bomo times moro so than at othors, and on this partloular ovoning I was oxtra deaf--so muoli so that tho conversation only readied me In tho form of a oontlnued din, At ono instant, hortover, I hoard a word distinctly pronounocd, though it was uttored by a person at a considorabla distance from n\o, and that word was " jvlrkbook," In tho. businoss of the London soason I had forgotton all about the visitors of tho spring who had left their oard without tho addross, Tho word reaching mo under suoh elroumstancoB arrosted my attention,and immediately rqaallod tho transaction to my romom branoo, On tho first opportunity that offorod I asked a porson whom I was conversing with if a family 01 tho namo in question was roslclont in the neighborhood, I was told, in reply, that a Mr, KirJtbeek lived at A--, at tho farthor end of tho county, Tho noxt morning I wrote to this por son, saying that 1 belioved ho callod at my studio in tho spring, and liad raado an arrunaomont with me, which I was prevontod from fulfilling by there boing no address on hla cord; furthermore, that I should shortly bo in his neighborhood, on my re turn from tho north, but should I bo mistaken in .addrossing him, I begged ho .jvould not troublo himsolf to reply to my note, I gavo as my address, Tho Post-oilico, York, On applying there, throo days afterwards, I received a note from Mr, Kirk book, stating that ho was vory glad ho had hoard from mo, and that if I would call on msroturn he would arrange about tho picturos; ho also told me to writo a day before I proposed coming, that he might not othorwiso engage himsolf, It was ulti mately arrangod that I should go to his liouso tho succooding Saturday, and stay till Monday morning; transaot afterward what mattors I lmd to attond to in London, and roturn in /i fortnight to oxoouto tho commissions, Tho day having arrivod for my visit, dirootly aftor breakfast I took my placo In tho morning train from York to London. Tho train would stop at Doncastcr, and after ..that at Retford Junction, whoro I should liavo to get out in order to tako tho lino through Lincoln to A . Tho day -was cold, wet, foggy, and every way as disagreoablo as I have over known n day to be in an English Octobor. Tho car riago in whicli 1 was seated had no other occu pant than myself, but nt Donc.istor a lady got in, My place was baak to tho onglno and noxt to tho door. As that is considered tho ladies' seat. I offorcd it to her j alio, liowovor, very graciously do olinod it and took tho cornor opposlto, Baying, in a very agrooablo voloo, that she llkod to feol tho breezo on her ohook. Tho lioxt fow minntos wero ocouplod in looatiiig horsolf. Tlioro wift tho cloak to bo Bproad under lior, tho skirts .of the dress to bo arranaod, tho gloves to bo tightonod, and such other trilling arrangements of plumago as ladies aro wont to mako boforo Bottling thamselvos com fortably at church or olsewboro, the last and most important being tho placing back over her hat tho veil that c cm coaled hor features, I could thon BOO that tho lady was young, cortainly not mora than U\o or three and twenty: but being" moderatoly tall, rather robust in make, and decided in op pression, she might havo been two or thrco years younger, I supposo tliat her complexion would be. termod a medium one j lwr hair being of a .bright brown or auburn, wliflo hor oyos and rathor docl dodly, marked eyebrows wero noarly black, Tho color of her chocks was that palo transparent huo that sots olF to such advantage largo, expressive oyos an oquablo, firm expression of month, On tho wholo, tho ensemble was rather handsome than boautiful, her expression having that agreoablo dopth'and harmony about it th'atrcndoredlior faco and foatures. though not etriotly regular, Infinitely more attractive than if they had boon mojlolled up on tho strictest rulos of symmetry. , . It is no small odvantago, on a wot day and a dull, long journey, to have an agreoablo com* panion; ono who can ? con verso and'whoso con versation lias sufficient substanao In ;it to make ono forgot tho longth and tho dreariness of tho" journey. In this respoet I lind no deficiency to complain of, tho lady being dccldodly and agree ably conversational. Wlion she had aottlod herself to nor satisfaction, alio asked to bo allowed to look at my Bradsbaw, and not being a proficient in that difficult work, she requested my aid in ascer taining at what time tho train passed through Hot ford on its way book from London to York. The conversation turned aftorwards on general topics, and, somowhat to my surprise, she led it into suoli particular subjects as I might In supposed to bo moro especially familiar with: indood, I could not avoid remarking that her ontlro manner, wliilo it was anything but forward, was that of ono who had either known mo personally or by report, There was in her manner a kind of confidential re lianco when she listened to mo that is not usually accorded to a stranger, and sometimes slio aotually seemed to rofor to different ciroumatancos with whioh I had been eonueoted in times past. After about three-quarters of an hour's conversation, the train arrivoa at Retford, where I was to change carriages, On my alighting and wishing hor good morning, alio made a slight movement of the hand, as if sho meant mo to shake it, and on my doing so sho Bfttd, by way of adieu: " I dare Bay wo shall meet again j" to whioh 1 ropliod: " I hopo wo shall all meet again," and so parted, she going on the lino toward London and I through Lincolrt shiro to A , Tho remainder of tho journey was oold, wot, and dreary. I missed the agreeable conversation, and tried to supply its placo with a book I had brought with me from York, and tho Times newspaper, whioh 1 had procured at Bet ford. But tuo jpost disagreeable Journey comes to an end tit last, and half-past ftvo irt tho evening found >no at the termination of mine, A carriage was waiting for mo at tho station, wlioro Mr, Kirkbeck W«B also expected by tho samo train, bat as he did not appear it was concluded ho would come by the noxt-half an hour later j accordingly the carriage drovo may with myself only. The family being from home ftt the moment, and tlio dinnor hour boing sevon, I wont at once to my room to unpack and to dross. Having com pleted these operations, 1 deseonded to tho draw; Ing-room. It probably wanted some time to the dinner hour, sb tho lamps wero not lighted, but in their placo a largo blasting Aro throw a flood of light into every corhor of the room, and more especially over a lady w)io, drossed in deep blaok, was standing by the chiranoy-placo warming a vory hapdsome loot von fho eugo of the fendor. Her faeo being turned away from the door by which I had entered, X did,not at first 8go her features. On my advancing into tho middle of the room, however, tho foot was immediately withdrawn, apd she turned round to accost me, wlien, to my pro found astonishment, I porcoiVed that it was none other than my companion in tho railway oaiTiaao. She betrayed no surprise at aeoing mo, On the contrary, with ono of those agreeable, Joyous ex Eresslons that makes tho plainest woman appoar eautiful, slip acoostod mo with; "tt said we should meet again," My bewilderment at that moment almost de prived mo of uttorance. I knew of no railway or othor means by which she could have come. I had certainly left her in a London train, and had seen it start, and tho only' concoivable way in which she could havo como was by going to! Peter borough, and thon returning by a branoh to A.--, a circuit of about ninety miles. As soon as my surprise enabled mo to speak, I said that I wiBhod that I had come'by tho Bame conveyance bb herself. "That would havo boon rathor difficult," gho reioined. . 'At this momont tho aomnt camo with tlio lamps, and informed mo that liis master had just arrived, and would bo down in a few minutos. Tho lady took up n book containing some engravings, and having singled ono out (a portrait of Lady A. ), asked mo>.;to look at it well, and toll lior whether I thought It llko her. I was engaged trying to get up An opinion when Mr. and Mrs. Kirkbook ontorod, and, shaking me honrtily by tho hand, apologized for not bolng at homo to recoiyo 1110; tho aontloman ended by re questing mo to tako Mrs. Kirkbedlt iu to dinner, Tho lady of tho houso having takon my arm, wo marohod' on.? I cortainly hesitated a moment to allow Mr. Kirkbeck to pass on first with tho mysterious lndy in blade, but Mrs. Klrkbaok not soeming to understand it, wo passed on at onco. Tho dinner party consisting 01 us four only, wo foil into our respective places at tho tablo without difficulty, tho jnUtross and roaster of tho houso at tho ton and bottom, the lady in blaok and myself on eaaii side. Tho dinner passed much as is usual on such occasions. I having to play tho guest, directed my conversation principally, if not exolu sivoly, to my host and hostess, and I can not oall to mind that I or any one olao onco addressod the lady opposite, Booing this, nnd romombering nomotlung that looked liko a slight want of atten tion to her on coming into the dining-room, I at onco concluded that she was the govornesH. I observed, howevor, that sho. niado an oxeollont dinner ( sho Boomed to appreciate both tho beo( and tho tart, as well as a glass of claret afterward i probably sho lwd had no lunchoon, or tho journey had given hor an nppotito, Tho dinner ondod, tho Indlos retired, and aftor tho usual port Mr. KirKbeok and I joined thorn in tho drawing-room. By this tirao, however, a much laraor party had assembled. Brothers ana sisters in-law bail coma in from their residences in tho neighborhood, and soveral children, with Miss Hard wick, thoir govornoss, were also introducod to me. I saw at onco that my supposition as to tho lady in black being tho govorness was incorrect. Aftor passing tlio tlmo necessarily oconpied in oomplimonting tho ehildron, and saying something to tho different porsons to whom I was introduced, I found mysolf again in conversation with tho lady of tho railway carriage, and as tho topic of tho ovoning had referred principally to portrait-paint ing, sho continued tho'subjoct: " Do you think you could paint my portrait 1" tho lady inquired. % "Yes. I think I could, if I had the opporv tunity. 11 Now, look at my faco well: do you think you could recolleot my features ?" " Yes, I am suro I should never forcet vnur fnn. turos," " 0! course, I might havo t«pootod you to say that t hut do you think you ooultl do mo from rooolleetlon 1" "WJII, if it ho necosBary, I will try? but can't you glyo mo any sittings V' " No, quito itupossiblo | it could not bo, It ia said that tho print I showod to. you boforo dlnnor Is llko mo | do you think ho?" "Not much, I ropllodj "It has not your ox prosaion. If you oiyi glvo mo only ono Bitting, it would bo betterthan none," " No; I don't see how it could bo," Tho ovenlng boing by this timo pretty fnr ad vanced, and the chambor candles boing brought in, on tho ploa of being rather tired, nho Bhook mo heartily by tho hand and wished mo good-night, My mysterious acquaintance caused mo no small pondering during tho night, I had never boon in troduced to her; I had not seen hor spoak to any one during tho entire evening-not oven to wish thorn good-night, How she got across tho country was an inexplicable mystery, Thon, why did sho wish mo to paint her from moraory, and why could sho not givo mo oven ono sitting ? Finding tho dillleulties of tho solution of those questions rather increased upon ine, I made up my mind to dofer further consideration of thorn till broakfast-time, wlion I supposod tho inattor would roeeivo somo elucidation, Tho breakfast now oamo, but with it no lady in Muck. Tho breakfast over, wo wont to church, oamo homo to luncheon, and so on through tho day, but still no lady, lioithor any referenda to her. I then concluded that Bho must bo somo rolatlvo who had gono away oarly in tho morning to visit anothor raombor of tho family living eloso by, I WOB much puzzled, howovor, by no referonce whatever boing mndo to lior,nnd ilndlng no oppor tunity of loading any part of my conversation with tiia family toward tho subjoot, I wont to bed tho second niglitmoro puzzled than over, On tho servant poralng in in the morning I vonturod to ask him tho name of the lady who dinod at tho tablo on Saturday ovening, to which ho an swered: . " A. lady, sir ? No lady--only Mrs, Kirkbock, sir," " Yob, tho lady who sat opposite mo, drossed in blaok ?" " , "Perhaps Miss Hai'dwiolc, tho governess, sir?" " No, not Misa Hardwiok; sho came down aftor ward." " Ho lady as I seo, sir." " Oh, dear mo, yes 1 Tho lady dresBed in block who was in tho drawing-room when I arrivod, bo* foro Mr. Kirkbock oomo homo ?" Tho man lookod nt me with surprise, as if .ho' doubted my sanity, and only answorod; " I novor see miv latlv. air." and tlion loft. . The mystery now appeared moraimpouotrablo than CYor. I thought it over In ovary posaiblo as pect, but could corao to no conclusion upon it, Breakfast was oarly that morning, in ordor to allow of my catching tlio morning train to Lon don, Tha samo cause also slightly hurriotl us, and allowed no time (or convocation beyond that having direct reforenco to the business that brought mo theroj so, aftor arranging to return to paint the portraits on that day throo weeks, I made my adieus and took my departure for town, {t is only neoessary for mo to refer to my second visit to the houso in ordor to state that I was assured most positively, both by Mr, and Mrs, Kirkbock, that no fourth person allied at the tatyo on the Saturday evening fn quostlon, os they had dobatod whothor they snoulcf ask Miss HavdwlcR, tho govornfiss, to take the vacant Boat, but had decided not to do so; neither could they recall to mind any suoh person aa I described In tho whole circle of thoir acquaintances, Sojno weeks passed, It was CIobo upon Christ mas. .The light of a short winter day was draw* ing to a close, nudl was soatod at my tablo writing Jotters for tho evening post. My back was towards tho folding doors leading into tup room in which my visitors usually waited. I had been engaged somo minutos in writing, when, without hearing or seeing anything, Ibeoamoawaro that a porsonTiad como through tlio folding-doors, and was then standing beside me, I turned, and boheld tho lady of tho railway carriage. I Bupposo that my manner indicated that I was somewhat startloa, ns tho lady, aftor tho usual salutation, said: "I'ardon me for disturbing you. You aid not heat' mo come in." Her mannor, though it waa more qulot and sub* dued than I had known it More, was hardly to be termed grave, much less sorrowful,' There was a change, but it waB that kind of ehango only which may often bo objorved from the frank impulsive ness of en intelligent young lady to the composure and self-possession of that same young lady when she is either botrothed or 1ms recently becomo a matron. Slio asked mo whether I had mado any attempt at a likonoss of her. 1 was obliged to confess that I had not. She regretted it much, as she wished ono for her father. She had brought Bn engraving (a portrait of Lady M, A.) with her that Alio thought would assist me. It was like the ono she had asked my opinion npon in tho liouso in Lincolnshire. It had always been considered Very like hor, and she would leavo it with me. i Then (putting hor hand improssivoly on my arm) she added sho "really would bo most thankful and grateful to mo if I would do it." And, if I jrocolleot rightly, she added : " as much depended on it." Seeing sho was so much in earnest, I took «ptn»y skotcli-boolc, and, by the dim light that was still remaining, began to moko a rapid ponoil*sketch of hep. On nhsnrvltifr mv on Iiowevor, instead oI giving mo.wiiat assistance she was able, she turned away, under tho pretonce of lookihg at tho pictures around the room, occas ionally passing from ouo to another, so as to enable me to oatch a momentary glimpso of her features. In this manner I mado two hurried but rather expressive) sketches of her, whioh, being all that the declining light would allow mo to do, I shut my book and sue propared to leave. This' time, instead of the usual " Good mor.ning," alio wished me an impressivoly pronounced "Good bye," firmly holding, rather than shaking, my hand whilo she said it. I accompanied her to tho door, outside of which sho scomod rathor to fade into tho darkness than to pass through it. But I referred this impression to my own fancy, I immediately inquired of tho servant why sho had not announced tho visitor to me. She stated that she was not aware there had been one, and that any one 'who had entored must liaVo dono so when sho had loft tho street-door open, about half an hour previously, while alio wont across tho road for a moment. Soon nftor this oconrred I had to fulfil an en gagement at ft house near Boswor'tU Field, in Lei ' cestorshlre, I loft town on a Friday, having sent somo pictures that f?to too largo to tako with mo by tho. luggage-train n vreok provlously, in order tfiftt they might bo at tho house on my arrival, and occasion mo 110 loss of time in waiting for them. On getting to tbo house, however, I found that thoy had not teen heard of, and, on inquiring at the station, it was stated that a case similar to the 01101 doscribcd had passod through and gone on to Leicester, wharo it probably still was. It boing Friday, andtpast tho licur of the post, there was no possibility of gotting a lottor to Leicester boforo Monday morning, as the luggago ofllco would bo closed thore on Sunday | consequently I could in no caBo oxpect tho arrival of the pictures boforo tho succeeding Tuesday or Wednesday, Tho loss of threo days would bo a serious 0110; there fore, to avoid it, I suggostod to my host .that I ? should leave immediately to transact some busi ness in South Staffordshire, as I should bo obliged to attond to it boforo my return to town j and If 1 could see about It In tho vacant interval thus tiirown upon my hands, it would bo saving fno the B&tno; amount of time after my visit to ma houso was concluded. ? This arrangembnt mooting witb his ready assont, I hastened to tho Atherstone station on tho Trout Valley Railway, By reforenco to Bradshaw. I found that my routo lay through Lichflold, whoro I was to ohango carriages to S , in Staffordshire,. I was just in timo for the train that would put mo down nt LiohfleW at eight o'clock in tho evening, and a train was an nounced to start from Lichflieid for S at ton minutes past eight o'clock, answering, a^ I con cluded, to tho train in which I was about to travel. I therefore saw no reason to doubt that I should got to my journey's ond tho same jiight: but on my arriving at Lichfield 1'found \ny plans en tirely frustrated. Tho train arrived punctually, and I got out, intouding to wait on tho platform for tho arrival of the carriages foe tho other lino, I found, however, though tho two lines crossod at Lichfield, they did not communicate with each other, tho Lichficld station on tho Tfont Valley lino being on ono sido of tho town and tho, Lich field station on the South Staffordshire lino on tho oth&r.; I also found that thero was not timo to get to tho other station so as to catch tho train the same evening: indeed, tho train had just that moment passed on a lower level boneath my foot, and to got to the other side of the town, whoro It would stop for two minutes only, was out of tho question. Thero was, thoreforo, nothing for it lnit to pnt up at the Swan Hotol for tho niglit. I liavo mi especial dislike to passing an evening at an hotol in a country town. Dinnor at -such places I nover take, ab I had ratlwr go without than havo BUOIi as I am likely to get. DookB aro novor to bo had*, tho country news papers do not Interest inc. Tho Times I have spoiled through on my journoy. Tho society I am likely to moot have few ideas 111 common with' my self. Under such circumstances, I usually resort to a meat tea to wliilo away tho timo, and when that is ovor occupy myself in writing. This was tho ilrsttime I had boon in Lichfield, and while waiting 'for tho tea it occurred to me how, on two occasions within tho past six months, I had beon on tho point of coming to that very placo, at ono timo to exccuto a small commission for an old acquaintance, resident thoro, and another to get tho materials for a 'picturo I pro posed painting of an lncidont in tho early lifo ol Doctor JohnBon, I should have coiuo on each of tlioso occasions had not other arrangements di verted my purpose and oauscd mo to postpone tho Journoy indefinitely. The thought, liowevor, would occur to mo: '* How strango I Hero I am at Lichfield, by no intention of my own, though I have twice tried to get hero ana boon balked." Wlion I had dono tea, I thought I might as woll writo to an acquaintance I had known somo years previously, and who lived In tho Cathodral-closo, asking huu to como aud pass an hour or two with mfl. Anftnfflinulv T riinff fnr flin wnUroaa and asked; " Doos Mr, Luto llvo in Licliflold ?" "Yob, sir." ' " Oathedral-closo 1" " Yes, sir." " Can I send a noto to lilm ?" " Yosi sir," I wrote the note, saying where I was,-and asking if ho would come for an hour or two and talk ovor old matters, The noto was taken; in about twonty minutes a porson of gontlomanly appearance, and what might bo termed advanced middle age, en tered the room with my noto in his hand, saying that I had sent him a lotter, ho presumed by mis tako, a& he did not know my name. Seeing in stantly that he was not the porson I intended to write to, I apologised, and aBkcd whether thero was not another Mr, Lute living in Liclifleld, " No, there was nono other," "Gortainly," I rejoined, " my friend must havo givon mo his right address, for I had written liiin on other occasions here, Ho was a fair young man; ho succceded to an ostato in consequence of his undo having been killed while hunting with the Quorn hounds, and ho married about two years sinoe a lady of tho name of Jfairbairn." The Btranger very,composedly roplied: "You aro speaking of Mr. Olyno; ho did live in tho Cathedral-close, Dut ho has now gone away." Tho stranger was right, and in my surpwso I oxclalmed; " Oil, dear I to be sure that la tlio name; wliat could havo made mo 'address you Instead ? I really beg yonr pardon j my writing to you and unconsciously auossing your namo is 0110 of the most extraordinary and unaccountable things I ever did. Pray pardon roe." , He continued very quiotly: "Thero is no need of apology; it happens that you aro tho very porson X most wish to see. You are a painter, and I want you to paint a portrait of my daughter. Can you come to my houso im mediately (or the purpose ?" I was rather surprised at flnding mysolf known by him, and tho turn matters had taken was so entirely unexpected I did not at tho moment feel inclined to undortake tho business; I, therefore, oxplainod how.,1 was situated, stating that 1 had omy/the noxt day and Monday at my disposal. Ho,- however, pressed me so earnestly that I arranged to do what I could {or him In those two day B ; and having put up my baggage and arranged other masters, I accompanied nini to his house. Daring the walk home ho scarcely spoke a word, but his taciturnity seemed only a continuance of his quiet coiikposure at the inn. On our arrival lie introducedTOO to his daughter Marin, and then left the room. Maria Lute was a fqir and decidedly handsome girl of vjfamt fifteen; her manner was, however, in advance of her years, and evinced that self .possession, and, in the favorablo sense of the term, that womanliness, that is oidy Been at such an oarly age in girls who have been left mother less, or from other causes thrown much on their own resources, She had evidently not been Informed of tho purpose of my coming, and only knew that I was to stay there for the night; 'sua therefore) excused herself for a few moments, that BUO might give tho requisite directions to the servants aB to preparing my room. Whon she returned, she told mo that I should not seo her fathor again that ovening, tho stato of his health having obliged him to retiro for tho night j but she hoped I should ho ablo. to seo him somo timo on tho morrow, In tho meantime, she honed X would make myaelf qulto at homo, and call for anything I wanted. Sho herself was sitting in the drawing- room, hut perhaps I shotdd liko to sm(>ke and talco somothing; if so, there was a firo in tho housekeeper's room and sho wonld conio and- sit with mo, as she oxpeeted the medienl attendant evory minuto, and ho would probably stay to smoko and talco something. As the little lady seomed to recomraond this course, I readily complied. I did not»moko or take any thing, but Bat down by tho firo, when sho imme diately joined mo. Sho conversed well and readily, and with a command of language singular in a person so young. Without boing disagreeably in* 2uisitivo or putting any question to me, slip seomed esiroas of learning the business that had brought mo to tho houBC. I told her that'hor fathor wished me to paint cither her portrait, or that of a sister of hori, if sho bud one, She remained silent and thoughtful lor a momont, and then seemed to comprehend it at onco. She told me that a sister of Jiors, an only one, to whom her father was devotedly attached, died noar four months previously; that hor father had never yet recovered from the shook of her doath, He had often expressed tho most earnest wish for a portrait of hor; indcod, it was his ono thought, and sho hoped, if something of tho hind could be dono, it would improve his health. Hero she'hesitated, stammered, and hurst into tears, After a while she contipucd: " It is no uso hiding from you what yon must very soon he aware of. Papa is insane-ho has been so over sinco dfcar Caroline,was buried. He says ho is always eeoing dear Caroline, and ho is subject to fearful delu sions, Tho doctor says ho cannot toll how much worao ho may ho, and that everything dangerous, lilto knives or razors, is to bo kopt out of his roach. It was necossary yon should not seo him again this OYOllimr. hs ho wns nnnhln to finnvni-on - and ! fear tho samo may bo" tno cano to-morrow; bnt perhaps yow can stay OYor Sunday, and I may bo fiblo to assist you in doing lYlmt ho wishca, I asked whether they had any materials for making a likeness-a photograph, a sketch, or anything clsa for mo to go from. " No, they had nothing." " Could sho dcscribo hor clearly')" She thought she could, and thoro was a print that wn8 very much lilco her, but she had mislaid it. I men tioned that with BUCIi disadvantages, and in such an nbsenco of materials, I did not anticipate a very Batlslacto^ result. I had painted portraits under suoli circumstances, but thoir succoss much dopended upon the powers of description of tho persons who woro to assist mo by their recollcctlon 5 in some instances I lincl attained a certain nmotinfc of success, 'but in most tho result was pito a failure, Tho medical attendant camo but I did not aoo him, I learned, howovor, that I10 ordorcd a strict watch to bo kept 011 his patiopt till ho came aeairi tli6 next mnrnlnrr. Smint, utntn of things, and how much the littlo lady had to attend to, I rotired early to bod. The noxt morn ing I heard that her father was decidedly bettor 5 ho had inquired, oarnostly, on waking, whother I was really. 111 the Iiouho, and at breakfast-timo lio sent down to say that ho hoped nothing would prevent my making an attonipt at tho portrait Im mediately, and hu expected to bo ablo to'see mo in the eourso of tho day. ' Directly alter breakfast I sot to work, aided by such, description as tho sister could giro mo. I tried again and again, but without success, or, indeed, tho least prospect of it, Tho features, I was told, wero separately like, but tiie expression was not, I tollou on tho creator part of tho day, with no bettor result., Tho difloroijt studios I mado wero taken up to'the invalid, but tho same answer was always returned-110 resomblaneo. I had exerted myself to the utmost, and, in fact) was not a littlo fatigued by so doing-a clrcum 'stance that tho littlo lady evidontly noticed, as sho expressed liorself most grateful for tho interost she could sool took in tho matter, and referred tho unsuccessful result entirely to her want of powers of description, She also said it was so provoking I Sho had a print-a portrait of. a lady that was soliko-butitnad gono; sho had missed it from her book for three weeks past. It was tlio moto disappointing as she was suro it would have boon of great assistance I asked if sho could toll mo who the print was* of-- as. if I know. I could easily rirocuro ono in London. Sho an swered, " Lady M. A." Immediately'tho namo was uttored tno wbolo sueno of tho lady of tlio railway carriago pfosonted itself to mo. I had my Bkotch-book in my portmanteau up- stalrr, and, by a fortunate obanco, fixed in it was tho print in question, with the two pencil aketchos,, I instantly brought them down and showed them to Maria Ltuta, Sho looked at them for n'moment, turned her oyos full upon mo, and said.slowly and with something of fear in her manner : " Whoro did you get theso ? " Thqn quicker, and without waiting for my answer *. " Lot mo take them instantly to papa." ' Sho was away ten minutes or more, Whon sho returned her father camo with her. Ho did not wait for salutations, but said, in . a tono and manner I had not observed in him be foro ; " I was right all tho time ; it was you that 1 saw with her, and theso sketches nro from her and from no ono else. I value them moro than all my possessions, excopt this dear child." The daughter also assured mo that the print I had brought to tho houso must bo tho ono takon from the houso about tliroo weeks be fore, in proof of which sho pointed out to mo tho gum marks at tho back, which exactly corresponded with thoso left on tho blank leaf. From tho momout tho father saw thoso skotches his montal health returned. I was not allowed to touch cither.of the ponoil drawing? in tlio skotch-book, as it was feared I might injuro thorn j buta'n oil picture from them was, commenced immediately, tho father sitting by mo hour after hour, directing my touches, con versing rationally, and indeed cheerfully, while ho did so. IIo avoided direct reforcnco to his do lusion, hut from timo to timo led tho conversation to tho mannor in which I had originally obtained tho sketches. Tho doctor camo in tho' evening, and after extolling the, particular treatmont ho' had adopted, pronounced his patient decidedly, and ho beliovea permanently, improved. Tho next day boing Sunday, wo all went to^j church; the fathor for tho first timo since his bereavement. During a walk which ho took with mo after lunchcon bo again approached the sub ject of tho sketches, and after some Booming hesi tation as to whether ho should confide in mo or not, ho sold: " Your writing to mo by namo 'from the inn at Lichfield was ono of those inexplicable circumstanced that I suppose it is impossible to. clear up, I knew you, however, directly I saw you, \Yhon'those about mo considered my intel lect; was disordered, and that I spoko incohorently, it was only becauso X saw things lhat thoy did not. Sinco her death I know, with a certainty tjiat nothing will over disturb, that atdifleront timos I liavo been in the actual and visitlo presonco of iny daughter who is goiie-oftenor, indeed, just after her death than latterly. Of the many timos that . this has occurred. X distinctly remember onco seoing hor in a railway-carriage, spooking to a person sitting opposite; .who Slrat person jras I could not ascertain, as my position seemed to be immediately behind him. I next saw her at a dinner-table. with others, and among theso others, unquestionably, I saw yeursclf, I afterward learned that at that timo 1 was considered to be in one 0/ my longest and most violent paroxysms, aa I continued to see her speaking to you, >in tho midst of a largo assembly, for Bome hours. Again, I saw hor standing by your side, whilo you wero engaged eithor in writing or drawing. I saw her onco again afterward, but the noxt timo I saw you was in tho inn parlor." Tho picture was proceeded with tho noxt day, and 011 tho day nfter tho faco was complotod, and I afterward brought it with mo to London to finish. I havo often soon Mr. L, sinco that period. His hoalth is perfectly re- established, and his manner and conversation aro as chcerful as can bo expec ted within a iorf'years of so groat a boroavemont. Tho portrait now hangs in his bod-room, with tho print and tho two skotches by tho sido, and written beneath Is: " O.L., 10th September, 1858, aged twouty- two," IT may bo remarked, for the comfort of honesty poverty, that avarice reigna most in those wfio have but few good qualities to reoommend them. This is a weed that Will grow on barren soil.-Iluyhcs, A SHORT time ago, while getting out stone in his nuarry a mile south of Kokomo, Ind" Oftorge W. Dofenbough split a massive slab and found embedded Jin the solid rocks lizard of light color alive and active. 