* A Ferry Fright. (TROTS TALE OF KANGAROO POINT.) .With ghostly tale of Kang'roo Point Tour feelings I will harrow . .Twill galvanize each shrinking joint And freeze your spinal marrow. It is so horrible-so very, And it all happened at the feny. Just fancy it's the dead of night, Andgoneis every 'bus t'home, : . And that'you, poor and luckless wight, Sit at receipt of custom A'waiting for some mid- . night rover To shout from t'other boa.th.ouse-" Over." 'Twas thus a man we'll call him Jim Sat silietatly a-watcbing, No new experience to huiaj -.0 ?."?????' Was ferry-night-birdHWtching. ! - But still, as morning hours came creeping, ;, . On this same date, lie fell a-sleeping. Reader, have yon, when slumbering, E'er waked with sudden dread, Andfelt that some unearthly thing Approached with noiseless tread A thing from shadow-land uncanny, ; That straightway put you " off your nanny ? 'Twasjfchus with Jim. At four o'clock, While dozing on the landing, . His soil received a sudden Bhock Which brought him up all standing. And there, just looming through the sight, A figure glided robed in white. ,. Its eyes were fixed with glassy stare, Its eyes were fixed on Jimj ? It'took the form, r-f woman feSr, ' And made straight tracks for him* Andasit nearedhimhecouldsee' 'Twas garmented in robe nuit. A robe de nmt, embroidered, frilled, V . In latest Pans fashions, [' . f And earrings, witli their own light filled, . ! r Would rouse most siumb'ring passions, i But Jim Baid, " I am married j" and then he Vi, Called back the trials of St. Anthony. Jim saw and thought all this, though he Could credit scarce his senses; . And told himself, *' To turn and flee Now solely my defence is.", , THen with a yoll* all uight-sajinds ruling, Jumped iniris boat and started pulling. He scarce had got into the stream, And bent his back to pull to it, 'When heard he an unwrthly scream His own had beien a fool to it! He staid his paddles without speaking, And saw it was the girl-ghost shrieking.. His heart'eame back unto its post .. i With firmer pit-a-pat; For Jim thus argued-" Never ghost, , Gould give a yeU like that. . "' Just go and.see what you can do, man, That shrieking thing *s a real live woman." He jumped ashore anditook a lantern To light the pathway shady, Said-he, *' I npver yet saw man. turn From helping anguished lady. Be she, or dresBed in dazzling bright skirt, Or only lightly clad in night sbirt." , / i . : And now lie mystery was eplved, v y;! U; i 'The ghost wasanight-walker. (AmoralHere might beevol^edi But I'm no moral talker,) ' . Suffice to say, if you would slumber A. traveller fooni Salt JLake Cjty says that diM' ?'$$$tfte> $aiiits aiid th^ Gentiles is only prejeAl^ byi.; tJ? S. devilment of SOO&en;, .wiip are encamped »na commanding eminence above the town and whokeepabatteryof cannon, charged and shotted, Br the way, the Czar is having 6. new coat of arms " emblazoned"-I believe that is the correct penny a-lining term ; certainly not heraldic. The crest ought to be "a. bear's head* erased, languid and sanglant, Venus." Motto: ClavaBogu. #. # # A SYDNEY publican, who was brought before the Licensing Bench, under the abominably unjust Act of that country, pleaded guity before even the charge had been read to him. "But," said the Chairman, " you don't know what you are charged with." " Oh," replied Boniface, 'f that makes no deference. I plead guilty anyhow, because you'll fine me anyhow*" # # * ? ?? A DENTONTEB and Holy Boman were argufying last Friday about fish v. meat. The former flouted the Church, and the latter was getting his coat-tails ready. "What's the difference between Good Friday and any other day?" sneered the I). "Oh, yer blasphemous baste," cried the H.R. " whin a man doant belave in Good Friday, there's ho use in argu ing wid 'im at all. Shtop yer gab, and come out in the back, and begor I'll mek fish sauce av yer, yer sacrilajus cur." And a holy Crusade duel took place in Frog Hollow. I won't tell which beat, for fear the other should come down and hammer me. * * * , A CHINESE laundry man, in Adelaide, saved £6,00 in four years. This was how he did itHe turned Congregationalist, and. got all the custom of thetwo principal churches of that sect. Then, in the^cellar below the laundry, he ran a sly " samsook " brewery and a fantan table. The wily heathen serviad "both God and Mammon. 