Children's Corner. IiOOKING AT THE CLO TX. THE TEMPTATION. CHARLIE Sawyer, tho little follow nhown in our illus tration last week, was always in mischijf ; even when a little hoy he would bo sure to get Bomewhero where he would hurt himself ; or he would climb on tho chains and fall down again. As ho grow his parents usod to wonder what sort of man ho would make, and sometimes they would feel rory sad when they remem bered what a soape- graoj ho was. Weil, one day Charlio had orono to school as u.suul, and as ho was returning wich some of his friend?, some of thurn hap pened to speak about a certain orchard who e there were such large rosy apples, and such lovely pears, so of course mastor Charlie's oars wero wide open at once. There was not ono boy who was gamo to go into that orchard, oven tho biggest and tho strongest would not,-for were not there " ghosts" tho boys said in there. Charlio said at once that he was goinar into that orchard, and would get as many apples a3 he could possibly carry, and Bhow to them. Tho boys were delighted to think that at last they would know1 the mystery they had heard so much about. Others moro timid bogged him not to go, and suggested that tho ghosts might take him away. But still Charlie was firm. So as night gathered on, ho slipped quietly out and went to the orchard. He clamberod over tho fence safe onough, and got up into ono of tho trees and there commenced what is termed "pocketing" as fast as ho could. Having gathered a good number ho thought ho ought to got away ; so branch by branch he came down, and was just putting his foot on tho ground, when horror of all horrors something caught hold of him and held him so tightly in its teeth that he actually yelled with pain, which soon brought the owner of the orchard out to seo what was the mat ter. He was very much surprised to seo Charlie, you may bo sure, but even seeing the boy in such terror he could not repress a smile, for there hanging to Charlie's foot was a trap that had been sot for wild dogs, into whioh the boy had put his foot. Ho quickly reloasod Charlie, and had him sent home to his mother. When she had set his foot, she spoke very seriously and told him that if he could be oaught in a simple trap like that, how muoh moro easy would he be oaught in tho trap that was set by Satan. Charlio promised to bo better for the future. Let us hopo he ie. He promised very seriously that he will never go apple stealing again. 