PRESENTATION. On Wednesday afternoon, at tho Counoil Chambers, a number of gentlemen assembled for tho purpose of saying good-bye to Mr Cut.hbert Allison, lately and for several years Council Clork and Sur veyor for this Municipality, who baa been appointod to a similar position in the new Municipality of Wilcannia. Tllft ifllTnt*. HIV .Tolm TVihf.nmhn wlirt nnniininrl the chair, said ho had great pleasure in stntinc that ho had been askod to present to Mr Alliaon a purao of money, amounting to over 33 guinoas, as a token of the esteem of tho ratepayers of the town, about 50 of whoao names appeared on tlio list before Him, and as a slight recognition of tha valuable services ho had rendered to the town in his official capacity. Personally, ho had known Mr Allison for about ten years, und could bear testimony to his worth. Tho movement had beon originated by Mcssra Newton and Bontwitch, so Into aa the pre vious dny, nnd ho had no doubt had timo permittod, the list of niinios would bo much longer and the purao heavier than it was. Mr Alliaon, in acknowledging tho gift, said he thanked thorn all from tho bottom of hia heart for the spontaneous kindness und the expression of goodwill ho had just received. Referring to tho terma in which tho mayor had convoyed to him the sentiments of the ratepayers nnd of himself, ho thought them flattering. Ifo had alwnya dono hia duty to Hie best of bis ability, but had never thought of sueli a reward aa had that dny come to him. It was gratifying in tho highest degree to him to know that ho had tho good opinion ot Iho people of Hay. Ho had had unpleasant duties to per form nt times, but had tried to soften tho unpleasant ness, nnd it would uppear tli-.l. ho had suoceeded. Ho would always bo glad, if he could do anything to further Iho interests of Hny. Mr Bontwitch Baid Mr Newton and he had been met in tho moat friendly munner by all whose names woro on tlio list, who hnd given moat freely towards tho testimonial. A vole of (hunks to tho Mayor for presiding brought tho proceedings to a close. _____^^^^^^___ TnE following areas wero selected at Deniliquin on the 5th : — Henry O'Brce, 585 acres 2 roods nnd 33 perches, measured portions 36 and 37, parish of Yarrin, county of Xukool. William O'Bree, 334Ja, measured portion 38 ditto, ditto At tho Hay Crown lands Oflico, on ThufBday last, only ono selection was applied for— Honry Pother, sen., Goolgumbla, county and parish Boyd, Singorambah Block A run. Following tho practice elaowhoro Messrs S. Browne & Co., of Hilltton, intend to ho\d a Blud ruin salo at tho Uillston Show on August 2. The third hulf-yoarly meeting of tho New Mount liopo Company tnkrB place on tho 30lh July at Sydney. Those who liko theatrical onlcitninmcnta will hnvo plenty of opportunity to gratify thoir tastes for tho next, wiek or two, no fewer than three troupes being iiniiouuced us ubnut to visit Iluy. Tho ' Hnppy Hours' Company, Mr and Mrs E. A. Hurt, begin their ccuson to-night at tho. Academy of .Music, und lUirs Gcorgio Smith and Miss Cuitv Nelson aro lo follow. The entries for tlio Deniliquin Show nro largely in excess of lust year. ? In sheop ulono thoro aro 230 ciitrios. On Hi o fourth pago will bo found Tolograins, Im pound ings, Roscrves, nnd Kchoea of Melbourne. Sinoe wo havo got mnttors to rights in our now oflico, wo hnvo mndo nevoral arrangoments for1 tho improvement of the Grazier, which wo hnvo no doubt will hnvo boon noticed by our readors. Wo hnvo m'ido n spoeiul agreement with BauterS Toloernphio Company bv wlncli wo rec.-iva Mm lntoH Kngli.-h cablegrams, nnd in euso of anything vory important oitrnonlinuiioa will bo ia-ued, us win donn on Tliurs dny when we reooivml by special cablo news of the strungo proceedings of tlio F onch in Madagascar. On Saturciaya wo publish Bpeciul telegraphic and pcncral supplements, tho forinor containing tho litoet nowa up to Saturday evening, ao that country sub Bcribors will bo placed in poasesaion of nuwa us lute na that given by tho Molbourno and Sydnoy evening papsjra on that dny. Mr Malcolm's conceit which was to havo taken placo on Wednesday night had to bo postponed. Mr Malcolm had left Sydney for Molbourno by the Sorata beforo his agent had tolegrnphod tho arrange ments mado for Hay, All tho cuttle on tho Common hnvo boon mustered by tho herdsman, at tho pound yard?, in order that owners may claim thoir stock and register them. All tho crops in tho Balranald district aro look ing bolter than ir any previous season, though it liaa been a very poor ono for grass. Tlio ami in cultivation this year is slightly increased, and is chiefly sown with wheat. WAGGA, Friday. Miss Goorginn Stnillison, the fomalo Maccabo, opened hero on Wednesday evening, and has bion playing to good houses since; the Company proceeds at once to Hav. On Thursday ovening the Loyal Hny Lodge, No 25,1.0.0.1!'., held a meeting, and a comidoruble amount of buaineaa waa trnnsaoted. Tho following officers were oluclo:) und installed : — P.G., Bro. J. Newton; N.G., Bro. R. Kennewoll; V.G., Bro. R. Juckj Secretary, Bro, \V. S. Stott; Treaaurer, Bro. F; Johns, jun. The installation ccromonioa woro conducted by D.D.G.M. Bro. E. Monsforlh. Thia lodge is very proaperoua , a lurgo number of peraons huving joined recently. Peoplo uro cvidontly bo coming to know the value ol buucfit societies. Mb Blanche announces Hint ho has taken Thirlalane Uouao in Luchlun street und is having it put into thorough order. He purposes establishing hia Iluy Grammar School in this commodious building, where ho will re-opon on the 24th inst. In tlio report of tho preliminary proceedings of the Gunhur Sclouloia1 Association, which unpeured in Iho Grazier ol' July 7tb, nn error occuircd. Tlio name ofMr Nison /should huve uppearod, instead 'or Hint of Mr Ryan, aa vicc-preaident of Iho Associa tion. Notice is given olscwuo.ro in re John On Wall's estate; persona owing money to it nro requested to pay ut once. A PAiiCKL of illustrated papers, from Mra F. W. Reed, is acknowledged with thunka, on bchulf of tho patients in Hospital. Charitably disposed poraona who may huvc odd volumes or newspapers for which they have no further use me requeued to commu nicate with the wardsmun ut the Hny Hospital. Tub following lapjmt comlitiunni purdi idea Imvo been gazetted :— Thomas mid Arthur Honry Hinde, Balranald, 40 acres each, county Uaira; Alfrod Pop. lin, Cobar, 120 acres, coimlv Robinson; George Curliale, Deniliquin, 402 ucrea, 'county Wukool; VV. O. Broudbent, Hay, 610 acre*; John Crcuel, Huy, 120 acres; Allan lirownleo, Hay, 80 acres; Robcit Crawford, Uny, 320 acrca; W. H. Moaaman, Uill ston, four of 80 aero* onchj W. M. Glascott, liny, 200ncreai John Walker, sen., Hay, 276 aero?; Klizi beth Edgar, Hillston, tlneo of 400, 160, and 80 acres respectively; John Donaldson, Hillston, 320 acros; Joseph Donaldson, Hillston, 610 ucros. W. JT. lliOMAN,for:iierly Inspoctor of Roads and Bn..r.i- ? i,. .,i-triol, die 1 in llolboiirno on 21-t June, inlcalntc. , Mrs Higman applies fur letters of adminisl rill ion. 'J«E pi-. -ItiiMi of Maria Koso, Gunhar, 1280 acres, has been amended; a tracing may bo seen ut tho local Land Office. Tub following have been pormiUed lo purohaao — J. and G. Wliitliugliam, portion 18, No. 3 Willandr.i, Billubong; Sumuel Portor,- portion 9, on prc-loaso, Booroorb.m. The boundaries of tlio now villngo of Currathool West will be found on the fourth page. The Gazelle of the 9th is almost Tilled with notices of the various' reteives. Wo sunposo this uazultul settles the orthography of 'Cunnthool;' which has been as variously spelt na other Kivorina localities. Nnrranderu is peculiarly happy in - this respect, being known aa Nerundora, Narandeia and Nur an deru. Tub steamer, City of Melbourne, on her voyage from Melbourne, slriiek a whale about twenty miles north of Wilson'a Promontory. Tho whale was ut loop, and tlio vissul Buataincd u great shock. She wis raided from out of tho water, and tho pnoon gcrs und crew .vcre much startled, aa it waa generally eupposod that tho s earner was wrcckod. The wlmln wue almost cut in two. Mils Lanoiuy's not receipts for her twenty-four weeks' American engagemout, reached th.' snug sum of £46,000. Tim death of Mr RusaellKinz Hall, who will bo ronumberod na mixed up in tho Chirnaide — Wux- mim — Horinun monoy-lending transactions, is un nounced. Though Mr Hull waa only 27 yenra when ho died, lie hid pnased un oxciting, romantic, und eventful life. Ho wua tho son of the celebrated Ouptiiu Hull, R.N., und after leaving collcgo came to Australia to learn colonial experience nt u station near Buungur, Victoria. From there he was in the habit of writing to the Ago as Marcus Clarke, when ' colonial experience injn' at Glenorchy, did to tho Argus, and finully joined tho stuff. Being acquainted with tho young millionaire squnttcra, tho Cliii nsidt-s, ho accompanied them to Alrica on thoir exploring and shooting expedition. On his return ho wrote a book giving an account of their trip. A rovehitiou in thia work led to tho punishment of somo nutiva missionaries who had been cruel to their sluvos, and created a great cmmolion in Eieter Hall circles. On returning to Australia thoCbirinidos bought tho Ballnrat Star for Mr Uall, but ha Booms to havo hnd no succoss aa a nowspnper proprietor und tho mono tury aifllcultiea into which ho fell, being omneshod by the moneylondera no doubt helped to causo his death. /It ia u sucl *tmy, Cathebine Gbiffin bus been acquitted by the jury of tho chnrjic of obtaining money from Mi*s Al'Coy, dnughtor ot Prolessor M'Coy, by means of begging loiters. The Judgo waa so cro on tlm Crown for not calling Profosaor M'Coy, Miss WC'riidden and Iho girl'a aister to clear up certain mysteries. Mr Purvea called tho Professor a ' guy old Bpark,' nnd insinuated iho persons mentioned wero not culled, to prevent awkward revolutions. It wus over tho preliminary cobo that Mr Bent hod a wrangle with tho Polico Mugiatruto, Sir Alley, who committed tl:o girl for triul on his own responsi bility, whereul tho ' Hon. Tom' waa wratli and bc-huved bo that tho papers dcclured ho Bhould bo struck off the magistracy. The Anglican Minister at Uinnn, tho Rov. Mr Clnrke, iB likely to resign hia charge owing to dis ngiecinenta with his people. A bingot.au instance of tho careless manner in which Acts ol'Piii'liuinciil nro passed hns occurred in connection with the Flogging Bill. In connection with tlie cuae ot a young mini who wus sentenced to be flogged for ns'multing hia mother, Mr Dillon discovered tliul owing to a flaw tho magistrates could not order the flogging of ono person, though they could of twenty, so thut the prisoner escaped the richly-merited lash. Fob lour 'generations thero liaa been a myatory at Glamid Castlu which no one h.is ovor boon able to fathom (writes un lingliah paper.) Some suid it waa a ghost, othera a mysteriously hidden trousuru ; but rumours of u moro or leas uncanny niiluro flmted round tho country, and huvo done so lor about. 93 years. Four Emla of Strutlnnoro huvo seated thoin eelves in unccstral stute nt VVestniiuster, and yet ull the while tho real F-un, tho oldest of the family was ulivo, hidden in Iho vust old feudal paluco ut Glumis. Ho died only lust year, aged 02 yours, and ho was a monster. Ho stood eight feet in height. His head and the upper part of hia body rcsomblod that of a toad. His skin was marked with black und whito splotches, und his hands wore webbed. Ho could not Bpcuk or hear, but his eyes wcro bright but wild. Ho never showed Bigna of reason, and in order to avoid legal diflloullies and painful revelu I ions, this horror washiden in a building erected on purpose. His guotera were pnid hnmlsoino a nuitios to iecp silent. At each Hurl succeeded to the estate ho was taken to sen thia turn lie creature, and it is suid that ono of theeo gentlemen ulmoat lost his reason in beholding Ihu loulhsoiuo and niji.iuilii' horror. Last your the poor wretch died, and hia secret lias como out, owing to difficulties concerning Iho disposul ol his rciiiuina. The mo;l cxlrnunliniiry part of it ail is thut the whereabouts cl the monster ii'url was kept to wo iid-ii-lu\ly quiet, and also that ho lived to Buchun udvuiiced ago. Glumis Castle is the ono'rofomd to in Macbeth. 