ECHOES OF MELBOURNE TBy The Ghost. 1 ' Sopt. 28. The Tratnweya Bill, the Hallways Management Bill, the Swanston-street Bridge Bill, and a Supply Bill for close upon a million sterling, passed through their final stages, besides the forward ing by a stage of the Harbour Trust Bill, and one or two other leas important measures, conauimcen me wouk s wonc in tho Legislative Council, which only sat on Tuesday and Wednesday. The record of tho Assembly is not quite so satisfactory, although the third reading of the Mallee Settlement Bill, and the passage of the Harbour Trust and Supply Bill show that a certain amount of progress has been made with the business of the country. But there has beeu during the last few -days aome manifestation of the disease of caeoethes loquendi, which so direfully afflicted honourable members during last session, and under the rule of the Boi Jainiant, Mr. Service, no measures have been taken to check the spread, of the complaint. Twice lias the formal adjourn ment of the House been moved in order that lion, gentlemen with hobbies to ride might trot thorn out, and 'tho Major' who is nothing if not a soldier, and an authority on land monopoly, has, occupied a considerable amount of publio time in giving the world his opinions in regard to these two important questions. Mr. M'Ooll, too, has had an innings, and it goes withoutsaying his subjeot was irrigation. By the way, would it bo considered curious to ask whether the hon. member has kept his vow of never more touching whisky until he could reduce the potent liquor by water from his canal ? ?;The' heart of Mr. Woods must now be gladdened at the thought that his merits as an inventor are- at length to obtain some1 recognition. £3000 are to be paid the Woods Brake Company at once, and the apparatus is to be tested on half the railways of tho colony, the other moiety beingj . fitted with the Westinghoutje in vention. The decision arrived at by Mr. Gillies is considered far from satisfactory. One of the brakes must be superior to the other, and in any case, therefore, half tuo expenditure mcurreu win uu virtually wasted in providing an inferior article. Should the Westinghouse prove superior to the rival brake, Mr. Woods will turn oat to be an expensive legislative luxury. 'What between the ventilation of the Assembly and the brake experiments, he will have cost the country £20.000 Whether he is ' dear at the price ' is a vexed question. ? Having waited to see what war tho oat ' was likely to jump in regard to the length, of tenure of the B blocks in the Mallee Settlement Bill, and discovered that the saltatory movement was in favour of the original five years' tenure proposed in the bill, the Government, although they had \- previously intimated their intention to give way, determined on a display of 'back bone,' and announced through the Attorney-General that they intended to 'stick to their bill.' However, when the measure returns from the Council, the term of the lease will have been ex tended from five to ten, or at all. events to seven years — and then the inflexible Ministerial vertebrae will be bent. What a meaningless sham is the custom of ' adjourning the House of which a deceased legislator has been a member, as a token of respect tojhis memory ! Would it not be far more seemly on the p»rt of those with whom the departed has been aaaooiated as a publio man, were they to follow to their final resting place the remains of their fellow member'? These questions suggest themselves by the fact that at the funeral of tho late Mr. M'Gregor only three honourable gentle men of the Assembly deemed it incumbent upon themselves to attend. Mr. Nimmo, the colleague of the deceased, in the representation of Emerald Hill, was preient at the funeral, and Sir Charles M'Mahon and Mr. Bent also attended. But the members of the party, with which Mr. M'Gregor was «o long identified, and the Ministry he had .followed so faithfully during his parliamentary oareor, where were they 1 Conspicuous by their absence ! Dead men have no votes ; why should any trouble be taken in their regard 1 Le Roi est mort ; . vive It Roi ! It is the coming, not the past re presentative of Emerald Hill that it is now thought worth while to- honour. Mr. M'Gregor was certainly far from being a political lion. Nevertheless he has served to illustrate the proverb anent the live -aaa being worth any number of defunct . individuals of the leonine species.1 The robber of the Commercial Bank lias been found out, and what is perhaps ' of more importance — at all events, to the ?shareholders — the whole of the stolen bullion and notes recovered. No credit in, however, due to the detective police, who, but for tho smartness shown by Mr. Thorn, the manager of the Bcurke-street ?Coffee Palace, would never have surmised that ? Mr. Clinton and Mr. Oprbott were one and the same individual. The thief has, however, now made all the repara tion in his power. Will the bank act in the same manner towards the cleric they 'dismissed some time since when a robbery of a thousand sovereigns took place, and rehabilitate his fair fame by re- placing him in his former position as teller ? .' . Tf ever man deserved hanging, Robert .Francis Burns, the wretch who a day or two since suffered death at tho hands of the publio executioner, in the Ararat gaol, most jcertainly did. It has been said that the worst use you can put a man to is to hang ,him. This may perhaps bo true as regards average humanity. But Burns was an exceptionally cold-blooded murderer, and it is difficult to see to what better use ho could have boon put. Was it a spirit of bravado, or was it remorse that prompted the criminal on tho brink of eternity to mako a confidante of tho hangman and tell him, when ou the. drop, that he ' had done eight of 'em ?' The apparently interminable Strong embroglio has reached another stage of development. Tho congregation of the Scots Church have mot, and resolved after a two nights' discussion, and with only 18 dissentients, to take oteps to separato from the Presbyterian Church of Victoria, and to revert to the position it occupied previous to the act of union. This will necessitate an Act of Parlia ment, and it renoains'to be Been whether the congregation will be powerful enough to engineer the measure through the Legislature. How this decision will affect the question between Mr. Strong, Mr. 'M'Eachren, and the General Presbyterian Assembly, still remains to be seen. Any how, the quarrel is a very pretty one as it stands. The .triumph of Mr. Strong's . prosecutors is hardly likely ; to be com mensurate with the trouble they have been atto secure it, and the rev. gentle men who have been at such pains to drive Mr. Strong out of his church are much in the position of. 'the engineer hoist with his own petard.' The Scots Church are. adherents of Mr. Strong first, and of the Presbyterian body afterwards. The divorce case of Bolam i-. Bolam has terminated, after a five days' hearing. After the close of the petitioner's case the final result' was never in doubt. Beyond the few depraved natures that revel in the details of such suits, everyone will regret that so large an amount of dirty linen Bhould have been aired to so little pur pose. No one will be a gainer by the proceedings excepting the lawyers. Happy fellows, who can be happy under any circumstances, and jolly as Mark The police have been unable to clear np the mystery surrounding the death of Florence Wadilove. The caroner and his jury have sat, and the conclusion has been arrived at that the girl was tampered with in a way causing peritonitis, ' by some person unknown.' Mrs. Tavlor emerges scatheless from the enquiry. Mrs. Grant, who befriended the poor child, is censured by tho jury, and the young 'gentleman' to whom the unfor tunate victim sacrificed her virtue and her life, has been so considerately dealt with that even his name was not allowed to be given in evidence ! And so the curtain falls on this drama of real life. Several .petty robberies, of which West Melbourne has lately been the scene, may now perhaps be accounted for. Two constables have been caught red-handed refreshing themselves with the creature comforts provided for the delectation of the members of a local bowling club. One of the culprits in his endeavour to escape fell over a clothes line, and fell an easy victim to his pursuers. Both men have been dismissed from the force. Quis custodiei ipsos custodts f is a question that has, ere now— and as is proved not without reason — been asked in regard to the metropolitan police. It certainly cannot be on account of the weather — for it has been exceptionally fine — that the attendances at the theatres have been, during the week, more select than numerous. But such is nevertheless the fact. The only house that has drawn tolerable audiences is the Bijou, with the Majeronis in ' A Living Statue.' 'Prince Methusalem' does not appear to have hit the public taste, nor mirdbile dictu does the English Opera Company, although Misa Annis Montagu and Mr. Charles Turner are undoubtedly the most finished artists that have in their par ticular line ever sung to a Melbourne public. Not even the heart-rending woes of 'Jo,' so painfully depicted by Jenny Lee, have been able to fill more than moderately the seats of the Royal. Amusements are evidently at a discount just now. However, Mr. Smyth, a well known manager, has resolved to ' run' Mr. Moncure Oonway, tho scientific lecturer, and on Monday this great' lecturing star will shine under -the Smythian auspices. Mr. Oonway's tour of the colony will extend over three months, during which time he will visit all the principal centres of Australia, including, if possible, Tasmania. 