LAW REPORT. SUPREME COURT.—WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 28. Divorce and Matrimonial Causes.—(Before his Honor Mr. Justice WINDEYER.) CLARSEN V. CLARSEN. This was a suit brought by Mrs. Clarsen for divorce. The issues were marriage, adultery, and bigamy. Dr. Sly, by Messrs. Abbott and Allen, appeared for the petitioner. No counsel appeared for the respondent. Mrs. Clarsen, then Miss Paine, was married to the respondent on the 16th December, 1881. On 24th December following, the respondent went through the form of marriage with Miss Parkinson, with whom he afterwards lived for a short time. The resondent was tried and convicted of bigamy on the 13th June, and is now serving his sentence at Berrima gaol. His HONOR made a decree nisi. DOWN V. DOWN. This was a suit of divorce brought by Mrs. Down against her husband. Mr. Gibson, by Messrs. Gannon and M'Laughlin, ap- peared for the petitioner. No counsel appeared for respond- ent. The respondent and petitioner were married in Victoria on 16th March, 1875. They lived together until 1879, when the respondent left his wife in Sydney to travel with a dramatic troupe called the "Ghost Company." He did not come back to his wife, and evidence was given that he lived in adultery with another member of the troupe. Only one letter had passed between the husband and wife after he left her. There is one child of the marriage. His HONOR found the issue of the marriage, adultery, and desertion in favour of petitioner, and granted a rule nisi for dissolution of marriage. EBBLEWHITE V. EBBLEWHITE. This was a suit of dissolution of marriage brought by Mrs. Ebblewhite against her husband. Mr. Gibson, by Mr. Hellyer, appeared for the petitioner. No appearance for the respondent. The respondent and petitioner had been married, and had lived together for several years ; they have four children now living. His HONOR found the issues of marriage, adultery, cruelty, and desertion in favour of petitioner, and made a decree nisi, with costs, and directed that the petitioner should have custody of the children. GREEN V. GREEN, MARTIN CO-RESPONDENT. This was a suit by Mr. Green for divorce from his wife on the ground of her adultery. They were married on 25th November, 1878, and lived together for several years. The respondent, in March, 1882, left the house of her husband, who is a fireman on the s.s. Duckenfield, and went to live with the co-respondent. Mr. Buchanan, instructed by Messrs. Greer and Wild, appeared for the petitioner. No appearance for the respond- ent and co-respondent. His HONOR made a decree nisi. Equity Appeals. (Before their Honors the CHIEF JUSTICE, Mr. Justice FAUCETT, and Mr. Justice WINDEYER.) WALKER V. O'BRIEN AND ANOTHER. Mr Owen, Q.C., and Mr. G. H. Reid, instructed by Messrs. Slattery and Heydon, for the defendant Lucius O'Brien (appellant) ; Mr. Armstrong and Mr. C. E. Pilcher, and Mr. H. F. Barton, instructed by Mr. J. F. Brennan, for the defendant Curlewis (appellant). Mr. Darley, Q.C., Mr. Gordon, Q.C., Mr. Lingen, and Mr. C. J. Manning, instructed by Mr. R. P. Abbott, for the plain- tiff (respondent). The reading of the evidence in this appeal was resumed at 1.30 p.m., and was not complete when the court ad- journed. Correction.—The result of the appeal, Pennington and others v. Russell and others, was mistated in our last issue. Instead of the appeal being dismissed, it should have been the bill was dismissed and appeal sustained. 