THOSE SMITHS. WHEN Mr. Josiah Smith bought Tolicsham Towers, tho event was considered a calamity throughout the neighborhood. Thc world knows that North Cleyshire is tho centre of conservatism. There everyone who is anyone counts crusaders aud early barons among JIÍB ancestors. Thc LcavcnhamBcamc in with, thc conqueror. Thc Godwins, of Seaford, are (Saxon. Within a radius of ten miles round Toliesham is such a representativo collection of hirth aud blood as distinguishes, not to say hallows, that sp it beyond all other, cvou in tin's closest of close counties. It was grief tn this community when the last owuor of the Towers died, practically heirlcsB-desecration that thc place should be thrown on tho market. But conceive thc horror that heat through all those high-bred bosoms when it was known that the purchaser had been " in trade." Tho terrible announcement was followed by a rush of visits, all having for their object the > discussion of the terrible announcement. There was a rumour afloat that " the new mau" was a wholesale butcher. One knew on good authority he had made hie money in lucifer matches. One hinted that bc had Boincthing to do with soap. Mystery hung over this point, but all agreed that Mr. Smith's advent there was a misfor- tune ; all hy closing their circle against him, made clear the heniousness of his stepping "botwixt tho wiud and their nobility. Severe though the sentence was, it affected Mr. Smith but little. At first, indeed, he appeared to be unconscious of being tabooed. Uo paid a heavy sum for his place, now bc only wanted to enjoy himself thereon after his own fashion, perfectly happy altering and renovating (for the Towers were going to ruin under the old regime),' enjoying himself hugoly over farming some of his own land, at heart of which he knew less than his own footmen. Hut while contentedly going his own way, Mr. Smith was sowing such a crop of uncharit- ableness around him as he little dreamed of. " We must have the place straight by Christ- mas," said he, on first going into residence ; "never mind what it costs I" And this boastful vulgarity went forth on the four winds, rousing the wrath of the old Lady Levcnham, who was left in thc lurch by local tradesfolk eager to the custom of the wealthy newcomer, "Isupposo wo must wait upon ourselves now 1" tho irate dowager was hoard to say. "This sort of thing begun, where will it stop ? " Evidently Mr. Smith, in her ladyship's eyes, was the thiu end of a wedge which might have for its conclusion tho upset- ting of hereditary dignity aud thc extinction of her own privileged class. In blissful ignorance of his offence, however, Mr. .Smith continued to spend his money as lie chose, lie started such an establishment that extra offices were needed for tho servants. Thc gardens glittered with new glass erec- tions. His chief gardener was agetleman who could read off botanical names in the Latin tongue without tripping a single quantity. Half a dozen carriages came down from Long Acre of all degrees of luxury, and animals to match soon filled tho Btables. And Mr. Smith was liberal ; not to bo called narrow mindod either, for having, during several Sundays' dull sermons, taken in the needs of thc rickety old church. "Now, hadn't we host re- build the whole thing ? " said he to tho rector. "A couple of thousand'il do it. I'll give half. I did tho same thing for a chapel Stock pool. I «ever grudge my money for s place of worship." Imagine tho reception accorded to his offers ; first by the straightest of Anglican priests, next by the " restoration committee" ' of gentler folks, who held dissent in livelier abhorrence than heathenism, and yet were none of them rieb cnoogh to reject the par- venu's aid and do thc Work themselves, Similar consternation was caused by Mr. Smith's equally generous offer in a different direction. The hunt of North Clcyshire was in a bad way when ho carno to Telleshain. j Tenants' disasters pulled on landlords'pockcts. Sporting subscription lists (about the laBt to ' Buffer) Bhowcd a diminished total, Tho master threatened resignation, and no substi tudc could be found. " But wc musn't let thc thing drop ! " said free-handed Mr. Smith to one of his own farm- ers. " I'll see them through a season or two. \Vc must let Captain Uppinghan! kuow some- how that I'm good for a few hundreds." But rather than stoop to this indignity thc leaders of thc hunt would forswear foxes forever Í They " confounded his impudence" through every variety of expletive, raked un a purse among themselves, and when Mr. Smith, splendidly mounted, appeared at the January meet, gave him thc cold shoulder, and rallied with one accord round Uppingliam'sautiquatcd chariot, as if in protest against thc plebeians' presence among them. Having sense, if not tact, even this failed to disturb Mr. Smith but having sentiment as well as sense, be owned a vulnerable point- his daughter ! A widower since Mabel's birth, 18 years before, nil thc softer emotions of his life, the pride that grew with lier life, had centered in thiB child. Hy great good luck Mrs. Annesley, thc girl's governess, now chaperone, was a woman of culture and refinement. Under her care Mabel grew into a charmingly intelligent maidenhood. Excessively pretty in tho eyes of all but thc bitterly prejudiced, Bhe had many graces, and was properly the crowning joy of Mr. Smith's existence ; but, being his child, she was unmercifully snubbed and held at arm's length by the patrician dames of Cleyshire, as if she had been a pestilence. Mr. Smith soon found this out, and resented for his darling at what he laughed at for him- self. 41 Not a very lively part of the world this -eb, Mah ? " said he, one spring day, flinging down a paper containing lists of people pre- sent at halls to which they had received uo in- vitations. "Gay enough for me, papa," auswered Mabel, dimly divining thc source of discontent. " You Unow I never care to drag you about to dances, where you must he dull,'' " You haven't had the chance of putting mc to the pi-nanco hen:," gruinlilud her father; " hut," brightening up, "I've au idea. We've not done our duty to our neighbors. We've j had no housewarming. Wiieu tiic days aro : 11 ni^er wu'll entertain all round- have a hand j (nun town, tennis in the afternoon, and a ' hop' ia the i yening . That'll fetch our friends np -eli, Mrs. Annesley. Ito yott Hike the plan, Mab?" Ko- in secret, «he did not. instinctively MIK. Ann^shy foresaw disaster to the scheine, lint Mr. Sun'"!)), in high gi cr*, ran over n cata- logue «if peuple to he invited, and amused himself for a month devising preparations for « festivity his daughter dreaded but could uot avert. Of course when the thing came on it wai au abject failure. Shoals of refusals arrived each morning. Every lady for miles around was Buffering from indisposition. The men " presented their compliments, hut would be from home ou May 21." Some took no notice of " H. S. V. P., but tossed their c irds, answering them neither by word cor preBonoe, ?'? The day was delicious as the soul of spring. The band discoursed BWeet music. Games of all kinda courted players ; refreshment, lav- ishly provided, were freely partaken of-by the servants. But the campaoy ! A. few coun- try lawyers, doctors, parsons, and their re- spective families, a few quireens. a few towns- people from Narbridgc, and that was about all. Not one of the " cream" of Cleyshire, except young Mr. Uppinghan! of Beltoft, who, attracted in truth hp Mabel's lovely face, accepted the invitation ; the rest of bis family declined, rode over in the teeth of his mother's Berco opposition, and for his pains was re- ceived hy his host with a sarcastic politeness that made him heartily glad to get away again. So tho entertainment was a fiasco. Mr. Smith's wrath rose at the insult offered to his daughter. But for shame at confessing him- self locked out, he would have sold out and left thc place forever. Swallowing his morti- fication as best he could, he carried Mabel off to Norway for six weeks, and let his indigna ! tian cool before returning. But after this nothing for a whilo went well. Mabel might revel iu country life, content with all surroundings ; so waa not her father, whiio his child's femiuiue acquaintance was limited to the parson's wife, who positively patronised her (on £300 a year, mostly from tithe), and the old women of the parish, whoso respect and reverence Mr. Smith would gladly have bartered for an hour's friendliness from Lady Leavenham or even Mrs. Upping ham. But these ladies showed no signs of un- bending. Geoffrey Uppinghan! certainly called at the Towers when the Smiths returned, but, bring ing neither card nor apologies from his mother his visit was not only not pleasant, but added fuel to Mr, Smith's affront, and tinged Miss Mabel's manner with a pained reserve that sent the young man away very uncomfortable indeed, "Hang ¡tl" thought he, "I oap't see what one wants to be so deucedly particular for 1 There's nothing bad about the old man, and his daughter is-" Weil, what she might be occupied Mr, Geoffrey amazingly just then. Cut off from the legitimate road to ber acquaintance, he had to seek her company through by ways of his owo:ContrivÍDg. Never had ho been so constant in his devotions at ToUeBham church, though that was sot the proper parish for tho Bcltoft people, and their pew, next the Smiths,'was only grantcd|them by courtesy. The country lanes, though not too pictureique thereabouts, became deeply interesting to this young man, especially those adjoining the Towers, Mrs. Annesley, driving with Mabel in the afternoons, grow quito accustomed to tho studiedly polito greeting of their good look ing neighbor, and if the accidental meet- ing miscarried Bbc seemed to miss it. So did Mabel ! It was Btraugo how often tho gentleman was on tho route of tho young lacy's morning can- ter (taken when his father «as busy with his bailiff), now continually appearing to open a gate, to fiivo warning of traction engiues. to direct tho best way homo, to mut., i-:-1* - - useful that thc groom's office became a sine- cure ; and not only so useful, but so agreeable. Kron Mr. Smith, seeing lum occasionally, coinmcndcil him, saying "he wasn't 8uch a fool os tho rostof them." And when, through secret exertions on Geoffrey's part, aa invita- tion arrived for an approaching county ball, thc fond parent fancied Iiis child was rinding her level at last, and in return prepared to make himself amiable even to bis enemies. But, alas ! Mr. Smith reckoned without his host. Tall, well made, gray haired, and of good presence, he was by no means the loast presentable mau in the room, and his daughter might have been a young duchess, as, with shy, girlish dignity, dressed unexceptionably in purest whit», she made her first public appearance at Narbridge. There vas no can- did judgment bat pronounced her the even- ing's belle. Other women's wills might deny tho fast, but sot their eyes. The men held ' their tongues to their partners, but in the card rooms and lobby freely circulated their praise of the new beauty, coupled, wi th many & lamentation that she should be so-" er- wen-shoppy, yon know." But that stigma hardened theCleyshire olia,ne into adamant. In three long hours twice only was Mabel's hfcnd sought for «dance, though no lighter or ' truer atop than hers beat time upon the floor. Twice was valiant Mr. Geoffroy Upplngham her partner, once in a long, delicious waitz, and onoo in a quadrille for which, to his nu speakable annoyanco, he had considerable difficulty in finding a oia-a-via. Mr. Smith from a lounge close by took in the whole situation from Mrs. Uppingbam's black looks ns sha sat fanning herself furiously till the figures liuished, to her rapid descent upon her son with the imperative desire for their car- riage to be ordered immediately. She was tired of that ball ! Also was it clear to Ma* bel's falhor why, as broughams rolled off with freights of ladies, the men of these august families should come hurrying back socking thc pleasure of a dance with the till now neg- lected star. Before bis daughter understood thc rapid turn of aff airs, half a dozen names wore on her programme. Before the Brat partner could claim her Mr. Smith announced that he was going, and no entreaties of tardy admirers could induce him to stop. That hall seemed the climax af society's spleen with thc Smiths. Soon suudry gentle- men showed signs of softening and beiug civil. Mr. Smith utterly declined to have anything to do with them. " Thcy'ed ridden the high horse when they chose. Now it was hie turn. He wasn't going to be whistled to their (something not (polite) heels like a dog !" Thc committee of gentlemen got into a muddle over their church. The Reverend Algernon Copeland intimated st the Towers that former offer .would now be gladly accepted But - '* Uh-u-r-ch7" said Mr. Smith, pretend- ing to havo forgotten all aboutit. "Oh, I remember 1 Ah 1 I said something once ; but you didn't eecin to want it, BO I fient my mite to Stockpool. You are welcome to fifty pounds though, if that's any usc." And with that email sum the mortified man departed, Mr. Smith girmly chuckling over the discomfiture of thcgrandccswbo felt thc want, if they wouldn't recognize tho weight of his money bags. 15ut it was au awkward state of a fla irs. Under it tho rici, man, soured ont of all like I huss to Ilia oki ycuial BL'IF, meditated all man tier ul retort, lost hts spirits, was oometímea hu ri y even to Mabel, and found uo interest nt '(\i(Ieshain expect m flinging away rooney over bia bad farming. Mabel diuoncd sndly. The t.ibj ii^'t seemed dying out of her youth. Mn- «-as Lrrmviny miserable in lier fine new hutu- .nid cii»ld have haled Tollcbuam had it not beui thu tiret sjiol wh'-rc vvaa born to her an <??:-:[wrince innst wonderful «nd w.vrct, though, aîati ! must abort. Omi.., il* s'' noss lia ve JH-PII connected « iib Mr. (icfJljcy Ï'Ppinphatu'snhsLiice? A nj bow by eotnc family Je^'cnh uniji bu w;is gum sonn alter that ball, whisked od ti» London, whore it was announced a relative high places was going todo Borne thing fur bim. " Pack of stack-up paupers I" growled Mr. Smith, by way oí comment OB his departure. "Can't even afford to give their sonsa decnt «tart in the world ) I daresay tho yoangfeUow's got nothing in him, and will go to the dogs now he's left his mother's leading stringB." An unkind speech, which brought a hot bush to Mabel's cheeks, and for the first time in her life, a «park ot anger toward ber father. It was early in the next year when some town friends, rich like themselves-so rich, that they trod npon the skirts of the true "upper ten"-because urgent for a Tisit from Mist Smith and to Kensington she went for ance in her life glad to leave home. Absent a mouth, she begged for one for week more, and Mr. Smith, deeply engrossed in sn exciting new place of business, lot her stay readily. What that business was Mabel found out wheo hastily summondheme by telegram one Febuary morning. " You are not ill, papa?" was her frightened greeting, the moment she alighted ot If oxbridge station. "Ill, my pot ! Never bettor in my lifo. Why, child you're shaking. I started you by sending for you in a hurry, You won't mind though when YOU hear the reason." TlicD, as they drove home, Mr, Smith dis- closed his secret, Of course Mabel had heard : of the dissolution. For thc next fortnight all the country would bo given over to elections. Narbridgc waB looked upon as safe. An Uppinghan! or an Aden bad represented the place for fifty years. Tho conservatives always expected to walk over the course. But would they, though, this time ; A deputation of liberals-clever, far-seeing mea-bad waited on him, Mr. Smith, and petitioned him, in tho interest of his native land, to oppose this haughty cabal. Ho lind felt it his duty to yield to their entreaties and "What will you say to have your father an M. P.-eh, Mab ? I fancy my little girl will hold her own amomg the best of them then -don't you?" " £ut, Papa/' faltered Mabel, " if-if you don't get in!" "Fudge, fudge, fudge I Fildlestieks, my dear 1 I'm sure to get in I The body of the people are growing intelligent. They'll be thankful to throw off the yoke of the other party. I've got a] capital committee ; my address is out to day. I don't care what it costs-I will get in !" Whatever Mabel thought, Bhe dared not speak. 'Tho terrors of tho fortnight that followed she will not forget to her dyiug day, Every spark of malfoe in hart father's -com- position entered into the contest. one, her half-hearted self, was dragged, an unwilling witness, to the public meetings ; was terrified nearly out of ber senses by the uproar of the nomination day ; all but fainted wien brought unxpeefcediy face to face with the opposition canvassing party (Mr. Geoffrey among them, fetched down in a hurry to assist at this crisis); and fairly fell into hysterics when tho final rumbera wont up at the close of thc noll : Uppiogham (conservative). 1000 Smith (liberal) . 302 I Thc defeat vf aa crushing : hut, whatever the beaten candidate felt, lie was not going toshow a craven front for his conquorer to crow over ! With the amiliug confidence of approaching victory he had driven into Narbridg» that morning. With a bland aecmine of disgregard at the day's doings he would drive out that afternoon ; and with poor shivering Mabel swallowing her nervous sobs at his side, he Their, departing was thc signal for a burst of ironical cheers from thc " blue" clement in the mob, Tho horses iu thc tall phieton 6gctcd at the sounds. Yells of derision were hurled after them hy thc roughs and thc Bontitive bays quivered and curveted under a less finn rein than their master usually hold. Thc crashiug of church bells and the vile braying i of an itinerant brass band finished the mischief. Off went the spirited animal, dashed round by j St Mary's church tore along the main road from tho, town, upset a fish stall, smashed a bakerV cart, and were only brought to R etna ! still by. the palo breaking and one of thc run- away coming swiftly tojliis kners. Among thc terrified throng that came rushing after them, Goffery Ùppingham was formest. " Thank God, you're safe, my darling 1" the groom vowed he heard him say as he disentangled Miss Smith, unhurt though insensible, and borne her to Captain Upping- ham'e brougham, which speedly drove up. But perhaps the groom was only inventing. Mr. Smith had not escaped ¡so easly. Flung clean over a lurel hodge into a garden, he lay unconscious, one broken armdoubled np under his head. Carefully raised by his late adversaries, he was placed beside his daughter and with a tribe of doctors in attendance, was soon in hisown boroo. There the first moment he had power to speak he desired that his daughter should be sent to him-he mast talk to ber alone at once ! Mabel, trembling and loving, leaning over him, *' Child," he Baid " we don't know how thia may end. If I have to go-don't cry I-I should die happier If left you promised to a worthy-husband." (Mable started back as white as a ghost). " Your cousin Robert, up at Stockpool, wants you for his wife. Will you him ï "No, father!" sho murmured, catching his hand ; " don't nek mo to." " \\\Thv not?" "Because," dropping on lier Uncss, and weeping wildy-"because I'm married now I Oh father, will yon forg ive me ?" " To whom ?" said he, after a pause of actual seconds, seeming hours. "Geof-fe-ry Up-Uppingham, father. We were m-married in London, half an hour before you sont for mo home." The sufferer lay very still under this fresh blow. Mabel turned calm with very fright. But presently he said, in a very matter-of-fact way- _ . "Kiss me, and don't fret, child. Send the, young man to mc. What oan't be cured must j be endured I" Mrs. Uppingham mere could not harden her heart against the poor girl, when she was in such distress about her father. Captain Uppingham was always open to thc influence of female beauty, especially when coupled with a quarter of a million of money. It was discovered that Mr. Smith's connection with j trade onlyoxtended to tea-and tea wasapre- j eminently respectable commodity. Further, it was found out that the Mrs, Smith wasquite j a gentlewoman, a remote connection of a j Cleyshire baronet. That fact was a great help ' -the Uppinghams made much of it. They . pardoned their son with a good grace, and all society obsequiously followed suit. The young folks waited only to see Mr. j Smith on thc high road to the health (and j henceforward be abjured politics and improved I in farming), and then wont off for the honey- moon to Italy.- mudall Hi view. 