THE SIMPLETON TO CORRESPONDENTS "Disappointed "-My dear sir, I cannot say why you were not invited the banquet. I'm sure, you are of sufficient importance to be invited anywhere. Call upon Mr. Gillies and demand an explanation. "Curious "-No, I gave nothing to the Land League Fund, "and l-I have not heard Mr. Bromby. " J.G.T."-Yes, I think a fall on a railway platform; caused by slipping" on a piece "of orange-peel may be termed a railway accident. Bring an action against the Board of Land and Works, at once. As a poor man you may consider that tumble quite providential. "Timid"-- The move-on clause is evidently not enforced in Williamstown. Messrs. Berry and Woods are surely developing some queer aristocratic notions for such democratic individuals. They evidently believe in doing things stylishly. These two gentlemen possess aesthetic sensibilities which they were not suspected of until last week, when those attributes, became particularly manifest. Messrs. Berry and Woods are shocked at the idea of the Govern meant printer occupying an annexe of the Exhibition building, and the latter representative of delicacy of feeling declared that Mr. Ferres must be ejected. In the abstract, no doubt, the high- minded Mr. Berry and the cultured Mr Woods have much to complain of. One can quite understand how harrowing it is to one who has achieved artistic fame, as the hero of a brush - hum, enough of this. If the Government allow Mr. Ferres to be turned out of the Ex hibition buildings, just to gratify the tomfoolery of a Berry or a Woods, they haven't got sense enough even for Simpletons. We've spent heaps of money on these same buildings, and now that there is some show of using a portion of them to some profitable purpose, it is to be hoped that the public will get the benefit of public property, notwithstanding Berry and Woods. Great doings at that Albury Banquet were they not sir! Opening up the railway of course, was a feature in the proceedings, but the real jolly part of the business was the banquet. The papers say that in all about 900 gentlemen were present. Quite accord ing to arrangement wasn't it? Four hundred and fifty from each colony, good hungry men, and all trained for the auspicious event. It is related that the proceedings-that is to say the feeding, began at half-past 3 o'clock, and that the banquet lasted until 8 o'clock. Four hours and a half, good solid work, eh? I venture to think some of those banqueters have been bilious during the week. Neither you or I invited sir. Ha, never mind, wait till they open the next railway--oh, well, I suppose one of my boys will have to banquet for me on. that occasion. One man doesn't live for ever. A writer in a Tasmanian paper says,. " Dress optional," was the somewhat 'startling annotincement made on a `Hobart. dinner : invitation: card. the 'other day." I should think it was startling. The family that issuied this card must surely haIving been living out of the world for some time past. Its members could never have read of ourn 4irtuous howl against poor Chloe: " Dress optional," eh I Well, thyv ;say queer thiigs at times about Tasmanians, but bless my heatt I never thought -the .peop.e were dead to all sense of -decenerr. !" Dress optional ",can hanre Lnt none meaning, and that ,is, ." yvo -can come dressel ori not dressed, just, as yi like: "Thi.' is "- surely very 'dreadful. Chloe isn't a patch' upon usages like these.- .. TU ?iEiollod 0 wig communication came into iny.hands':uring -the week :- " Dear Mr.f Simileton,-As at the next meeting 'of our debating club delinitions are requiired of the "Baconie' Philosophy," and of : the word .!' Axiom,!' will you kind!y, furnish. me with some information an these subjects. -I am not sure that the President' may liot sinigle me out to give the necessary; definitions, and I am not by-' any means prepared to do so.'.:r " .Yoursvery truly,:.:' -. Nice matters to question a Siunpletoni about,-- ate they not, sirl? However, I like :to oblige, so here.goes. The` " Baconic ~1Philosophy," Mr. Junior, took its rise in that stage of the world's history which:may he briefly described as the Porcine period. History does not afford any very reliable data -in respect to this period, but though we :have nothing definite to go upon, it may ,"safely be assiumedd'. that re ferences to' the Porcine period indicate a something" wvhieh: hid existence at the time of the delhge, and which su'vived this c?nent. Porcinie is a .ordI ised in -:cdnnection' with oin inhabitant of- the animal kingnomi, diffeBretly:designated, 'swiie, ': hog, obr pi". The." former. appears to be the most ancient term. Swine are r-iferred to in early history: as unclean ' animals(: a:nd " modern observationi of thieir habits proves?? that ?the? uncients kn'e~i whati they. were' talking' aboet::. In fact pins are-; e'x 'treinely:dirty creatiires, so diiry'indeel, that/the flesh of the animals ,wheni iros~ld,;~ ieqiires the assisstande-of fruit sals?ti ho,I meanm apple sauce, in irder'i to make it- palatable. Some onewhd :wAs. evidently an excellent' Judge of what is good for the human iialate con ceiaed the happy idea of making the :flsh :of the pig into Bacon.: Some say lthati this benefactor to humanity was a literary man, a great dramatist in . fact5 and one who ought to get- credit .for :minore than Bacon. Be this as it may, however, the Baconic idea took isineisely, and tlhough Bacon is Ssosmetimes reserved for the library, yet }nI a general way it forms an essential feature in the make-up of a modern hreakfast table. Now, as you know, ,'firtaamnong our standard Englishmen comdes Shakespeare, and however 'hsmiliating the fact, yet it must be :: admitted that we do not know-whether Shakespeare was fond of Bacon or not. N?either can it be discovered whether BJ -aiifinagreed with Shakespeare. It is . morii particularly on these points that the "Baconic Philosophy" is indulged in. As the-questions arising from S" philosiiiphic researches into the whole .subject are directly, and intimately con :ln.ected with the morning meal, T would refer you to "The Autocrat at the ':Iireakfast tahlo," and to Gunsler's :j;D~euner a la fourchlette, both of which works afforid information-more ':- pi?ially the latter If you can't fford Guneler's try Clement's. Enough -io this subject, you must puzzle out \- . : the rest for yourself. Respecting the w~~ iord ::"'Axiom," I can onlyv tell you tlih'?tit is derived from the Hiberneo Greek word "Ax," to inquire, to which is joined the affix " iom " (pro ,: nounced yum," hence yem, yim, s?_ sm) which means something jammy ':and nice. Thus axiom is in its crude original form, a pleasant inquiry. I ?_:suppose you know, however, that as ,:-soon as you introduce a word into the I -" English language it at once becomes liable to sall sorts of distortions. Thus, we ::"'find, that as the most pleasant :'thing to inquire about or to search into is, in nine cases out of ten, a matter priely "fictitious, consequent upon the uhscrupulousnesiwith which we adapt words to our-p rpose'';and enlarge upon their original significance, axiom, which was 'firslt' a pleasant inquiry' becomes perverted into some= thing.false and imaginary, having no foundation in fact. By this time you .possibly begin to think thrit this unfortunate .little _, word., is tortured enough. ' I. regret to say that I have not yet detailed all its vicissitudes. We have seen that? the axiom;li. of Hibernco.Greek extraction, and I would recdll' to your memory,, a. recognised rile in 'connection with all matter coming under the designation of Hiberneo, by which you are always bound to interpret 'to the contrarey. You apply this irule in the present ease, and behold, instead of being a 'something ufireliable, your ." axiomi'" becomes an established truth. My limited space forbids' , further. disser= tation on these subjects. I'hope you'll study .the matters deeply, and.. be prepired with, correct definitions it called upon. Funny sort of barbers'at Footscray; sir. The other night, just after: tea, feeling rather rough about the chin, I steered for the first barber's pole thabt loomed -in the distance and found that it dec6rated." the hoius thdit.Joe biilt'" %Well, Joe evidently failed to make the1 place sufficiantly attractive to keep Mr. Raisor at home, for when l first steplied in I: thought the crib' was' entirely rdeb serted,, biti after sodnie'desperate kickirig at the counter. I: sdcceedeLd in bringing ouit. en estremanely florid-lookimg lady attendant who answiered nimyiolitu enquiry for the barber. by snappishly remarking "Do you.think he is going to work nine or 'ten hours a day for the likes of you, coming in here at such an' hour for a paltry threepenny shave' No, indeed, go somewhere else. Rather rough that, 'doi't you think so, sir T' Kou know I'm just the lanst .fellow in the world to'object: to anyone getting through his work in a reasonable time' but hang it a 1, it appears to my simnple mid 'that when a traidesan who 'is usually open to a job up to eight or nine o'clock, makes up his mind to strike well, he might in 'allfairness leave °a civil message behind for. the benefit of the uninitiated-or else avail himselfbof a cheap advertisement in the Chronicle: You may depend upon it, I didn't vwait for 'a second dose, but shot. straight away--like a comet-in search of more favourable " quarters.:. I think 'the stranger who directed ioe to the shlji across the':line" must havei had some design against.my. life, for of all the shops that ever I entered-ohl,'heaven; keep my feet from wandering 'in 'su?h unholy places again. : Last week I told- you, gentle readers, that I honoured the Redmonds with my presence at St. Patrick's Hall, and this week I have the felicity of acquaint ing you of the importaint fict that on Monday hlast I masqueraded to the Melbourne Town Hall to hear Mrs.! Hampson. On both loccasions-. got such a crushing that my :sides are'still aching. The .thought struck me-' an unholy one I presume some would call itw--hat' a golden claim .it would be for a'-tellow to.secure the services of both the Redmonds and Hampsons for a three'n months tour: through the colonies.. Where is C-oppin ,or his ghost? , You see, sir, :the 'manager could have both. holding forth-. at.. the one time in any one town. In. shbrt, whilst the :Redmonds w:vero pitching into England and England's laws,"Mrs. Ilampson could figure in an opposite direction ~-pointing, out that all vwas vauity of vanities: Seritously speaking the' lady orator is "the:lbest platform speaker of the sex I ever heard,: and I have no doubt she is earnest in' her work and let us in all sincerity 'wvisli her God speed and good luck. : 