THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER (PUBLISHED DAILY.) ritOOKESSION, OUIt niOUTS, AND OUR KE30IJ SCE8. SANDHURST, THURSDAY, NOV. 1, 1SS3 PUTTING ON STEAM. "Full speed ahead!" Such is the order Uiifjer whicli the engineers of our legislative steamers appear to bo acting, liocks and shoals and trifles of that kind are not taken into consideration now-a-davs; The trouble seems to bo to get up enough steam to carry on with, without any sort of look-out for possiblo dangers, immediate or prospec tive. A dozen bills, no less, were put ihrough various stages in the Legislative <ioui\i.'il in the course of little more than liye hours on Tuesday. Some of these were measures í¡í grave importance. The Publio Service Bill was received from the Legislative Assembly with a message to the effect that hon. members would oblige by returning it in the shape into which it had boen moulded by that Clumber. The first amendment considered, which hsd boon made by the Council, and to which the Assembly objected, was that in the GOth clause, by v. high jt was rendered competent for female teachers ,íq );o ap pointed to the head teacherships of school's having an average attendance of 150 pupils. Aftei' discussion, the number was reduced to 50, as desired by tho Government and the Lower House. Bui th/? other amend mciits of tho Council woro insisted oil. Tliu Railway Loan Application, Public Health, ftiiti Appropriation Billa wore read a first timo. Tho Regulation of Mines and Machinery Bill was considered in committee, and tiio 4th olauso, which had boon struck out Inst week, was rein sorted. Somo other amendments and ad ditions having lioon niado, tho bill was vo poi'tod. Tlio Molbourno Tramway Bill wjis read a second timo ; and then came on tho socond reading of tho Water Conservation Bill, which tho House was urged by Mr. Sargood "to pass as quickly as possible, and if possible, without amoiidmonts. Dr. 1:1 earn declared he knew nothing about tho bill; he had novov read it, and disclaimed all responsi bility with regard to it, which must bo thrown upon tho Government. Iho bill was thon passed through committee with vory little pause or hesitation until tho last clause was reached and dealt with. Tho Disciplino Bill and Forfeiture of Shares Bill woro then road a first timo, and Dr. Hoarn was proceeding with tho Employers Liability Bill on its second roadiug, when it was found that tliopacoluid boon too fastfoiv a numbor of lion, mombors, and tlioro was not a quorum left to carry on tho .business. In tho Legislative Assembly botween half past four and half-past twolvo, besides a great deal of other work, somo half-dozon measures were doalt with ono way and another, and w'hon it caino to tho last, Mv. Sliiels protested that thoy woro parodying logislation, and pursuing a c'ourso which was extraordinary and disgvacoful to tho Chambor. Tho consideration of the amend ments niado in committoo in the Forfeiture of Sharos Bill was got through with, and tho bill was read a third timo. Tho Dis ciplino Bill also slipped through committee, and was. read a third timo. The Post offico LaW Amendment Bill, tho 34tli clauso of wliich, authorising the detention- and opening of letters for tho furthorance of tho onds of justice, was struck out, was con sidored to tho ond in committoo. A dobato took placo [ou tho socond reading of tho Local Government Act Amondmont Bill, which was committed, and all its clauses disposed of with some amendments. Olio might as well try to catch a Will-o the-Wisp aa to grasp all tho details of legislation of so electrical a character. With tho atrocity known as " tho slaughter of the innocents" wó are all familiar. But the slain aro generally such little onos that no choek blandios at the sacrifico. Hero, how over, wo havo giants amongst the despatched, and what may bo the consequoncos of knock ing thorn ovor liko nino pins, no man can foretell. Tho porformanco is truly a parody of legislation, and tho responsibility, as Dr. Hoarn says, must ro3t on the shoulders of tho Government; but only to a cortain extent, for liow tho majority of lion, menibors of both Houses aro to bo relieved of a considorablo sliaro of it, it is difficult to understand. It is soldoin indeed that ro pentanco does not follow hasty action; and tho ghost of many a precipitately slaughtered bill may arise hereafter in tho form of a Nemesia to the terror and torturo of ■ its butchers. There are strange whispers abroad—something . loudor than whispers indocd—as to tho causes of the ready acquiescence of certain influential mombors in tho Ministerial policy of tho liegloct of tho safety-valvo. Thero aro some appomtmonts of considerable valuo to bo made shortly; and as tho rumor goos, there has boon all along á tacit understanding that they aró to go to gentlemen at present holding seats in the legislature. To tho uninitiated this might seem to bo impossible considering that thero is an Act in the statute book by wliich mem bers of Parliament are prevented from being appointed to positions in tho public service until after six months of their resignation of their seats. But rumor goes on to say that an arrangomont lias been niado by wliicli this fatal difficulty may bo got ovor. Those who aro privileged to peop behind tlio scones say, or insinuate, that tho rehearsal of the great burlesque of tlio session includes an enactment in tlio hurry of tho slaughter of tlio innocents by which lion, members of tho legislature will bo eligible for appointment as Commissioners of tho Railway and Public Sorvico Boards. Wo cannot bolieve that this can bo tho caso. But if audi a movo should be attempted, or if it should bo proved that it has roally boon in contem plation, all wo can say is that tho coming of the Nemesis is nearer at hand than we had anticipated. Cablegrams.—An exhibition of products of tho British colonics is to bo held at Kensington in 1SSG. Two explosions have taken placo on tho underground railway line, London, and thirty persons have beon injured thereby. There is an insurrection in Kastorn Arabia, tlio brother of tho reigning Iinanin having robolled. llo is besieging the city of Muscat, but a British war vessel, in complianco with tlio request of tho Imaum, is shelling tho besieger's cam]). Several failures aro reported in Liverpool. Paiu.tvmknt.—In tlio Legislativo Council last night tlio Public Health Bill was passed through committoe, and a number of other measures wero rushed through. In tho Assembly the Council's amendment on tho Public Sorvico Bill was dis agreed with, and tho Post-olfico Bill and Local Government Bill woro passed. Tho OHicials in Parliament Amendment Act was dealt with. This measm-o provides for increasing the number of Ministers to 10, two of whom shall sit in tho Legislativo Council, and it also provides that when a Minister resigns from ono department and takes another ho does not thereby vacate his seat. Mr. Gaunson's motion for a daily Uunsanl was seconded by Mr. Mackay, and the debate was adjourned with tho understanding that it will como on again next session. The Prospecting Vote.—It is not tho inten tion, writos our Melbourne correspondent, of the Minister of Mines to announce his decision in reference to the distribution of tho prospecting vote previous to the 20th Nov. Ministerial Changes.—Our Molbourno cor respondent writos:—With reference to tho Minis terial modifications rendered necessary by tho decease of the lato Minister of Justice, I under stand that for somo little timo to como .Mr. Deakin will continuo to hold his present office of Commissioner of Public Works, and to transact the business of that department in addition to the duties which ho will shortly undertake in his pro posed now capacity of Solicitor-General. Other arrangements for filling tho former post will, how ever, probably bo made during the recess. The Minehs' Association Anniversary.—The first anniversary of the Bendigo Branch of the Amalgamated Minors' Association was celebrated yesterday by a demonstration in tho Agricultural Show Grounds, whevo about 7,000 people were assembled. A procession was formed at the Town Hall at eleven o'clock, and on reaching the ground tho sports of the day were declared open. A very interesting sports' programme was gone through. The proceeds at tho gates, and from tickets sold, amounted to about £300. The concert which was announced for the evening did not take placo. Castlemaink Show.—Tho annual show of the Mount Alexander and Upper Loddon Agricultural and Pastoral Society was held at Castlcmaiue yesterday, and passed off very successfully. A report from our correspondent appears elsewhere. All Saints' Sunday School Picnic.—Tho ; picnic in connection with All Saints' Sunday School took place yesterday at Harcourt, to which placo' tho children, teachers, and others who accompanied thorn, were convoyed by 'a special train leaving Sandhurst at nine a.m. and arriving at its destination at a quarter to ton o'clock. Tho picnic took placa near the Talbot Hotel, and cricket and tho various games incidental to picnics were indulged in with great heartiness. A number of the picnic party took a walk- to Mount Alexander. The catering was entrusted to Mr. R. Milburn, of Mitchell-street, who gave general satisfaction. The return journey to Sandhurst was accomplished by train at six o'clock, after a very enjoyablo outing. Tho Rov. J. Garlick, incumbent of the church, accompanied the party. A Missing Carpet Bag.—The police are anxious to hear of a carpet bag which, it is supposed, was left at some hotel in Sandhurst on Saturday, the 20th of October. The bag belonged to David Fyfe, the man who committed suicide at Marong. Before committing the act of self destruction he stated that he had left the bag at a hotel in Sandhurst, and his friends are anxious to obtain possession of it. Stealing a Cup.—A man named «Taraos Ryan was arrested by Sergeant O'Callaghan last evening, on tho charge of stealing a silver cup from Mr. Chislom, a hotol-koepor at Maldon, on the 18th October. The prisoner had beau staying at Mr. Chisloin's house for somo days, and the cup was missed after ho left. He will bo brought before the court this morning, and probably remanded to Maldon. All Saints' Day.—To-day, at AH Saints' Church, holycommunion will take placo at 8 a.m., and in the evening there will be a full choral service. Tho Rev. J. Garlick will preach. Tho collection will bo on behalf of the parochial fund, th'e ^prqcecsicnal hymn "Onward Christian soldiers," Tallin resgcpiea. nnd Dr. Garrett's set ting of tho canticles will báauníi. • T¡~ anthem is the celebrated duet and chorus from Meudeiuawi'u " Lobgesang" and Ur, Stainer's " What are these 1 .Alinn Covenants. — Mr. Lniigdnu lias given notice tu aslc the Minister of Minos if ho lias con sidered tho further declaration ami application of \V. H. .fonos for eiupiiry re labor covenants on loase 2,OH, Maryborough district, and if no what ho has determined thereon. Land Applications at Tahadalk.— Mr. Pat terson intends to move that tlioro bo laid before 'the Assembly a return of nil applications made for land in thoTaradalo division of the Castleinaiiic miiiiiili district during tlio last twelvo montliH, and thu modo in which ouch applications have been dealt with The Miners' Association's Progress.— Mr. Davoy, an ox-president • of tlio Amalgamated Minors' Association of Victoria, who was present at tlio anniversary colebratiou of tlio liomligo branch yesterday, was tlio gentleman through whose exertions tliu present association was brought '■ into existence about 18 months or two yoars ago. Comparing tlio sninll lmndful of 111011 that coin posed tho mooting hold at that timo with tlio 2,600 minors who formed tho procession yestorday, ho must hayo folt satisfied that his labors liad (ionio good fruit. Volunteer Uii'í.ks.—Last ovoning tho attond aiico at panido was not so numerous as it iuus boon lately, but tlio threatening appearanco of tlio woathor, and tho Minora' Association holiday, no doubt, had a prejudicial effect upon tho niustor.; Major Blackliam was in command, Lioutoiiant Dyason drilling tho men in tho manual and firing exorcisos, and company movements, Lioutoiiant Cahill subsequently drilling them in the bayonet oxerciso. Bazaar at this Temperance Ham,. — The bazaar in aid of tho funds of tho Congregational Church, Forest-street, was openod by tlio lion. Robert Burrowos yesterday aftornoon, and a num ber of handsome articles wuro disposed of during tho evening.' Tho stalls woro nicely laid out with an ondloss variety of fancy articles. Tho follow ! ing woro tho ladies who presided-Stall No. 1 Mrs. Jackson and Mrs. Wallor; No. 2 Mrs. Annitngo and Mrs. Dunn; No. 3 Mrs. Hankon and Mrs. l)uini, No. 4 Mrs. Masdyko, Mrs. Hansen; No. 5 Misses Masdyko and Graham; No. (¡Mrs. Wobb and Mrs. Ward. A tlowor stall handsomely arranged was under tho superintendence of Miss Donnan. A refroslimont stall was also arranged, and oxtonsivoly patronised. During tho evening tho proceedings wore enlivoned by tho rendering of several songa nnd anthems by the choir and young; Indies of tho congregation, Miss Leo accom panying on tho pianoforte. A largo liuinbor of ex hibits was disposed of by tho usual niotliods. Tho bazaar will be continued to-day at throe o'clock. Railway Time-table.—Wo have received from Messrs. Mollit Bros., Pall Mall, a handy little railway tiine-tabl?, which, wliilo it is oxtromoly useful as a guide to the various lines leaving Sand hurst, is also ail excellent advertising medium for its authors, inasmuch as it will be eagerly sought for. Castlksiaine Water Works.—A coiiimenco mont has been made, says tho M. A. Mail, todrivo a tunnel through tho saddlo of the hill at Froomes' road, in order to-'oxtond the mains to tho Wattle Flat reserve. The tunnel referred to will bo driven 1(! foot below the crown of tho hill, and igsno on: tho saniolovol as the main road. Tho water supply' will thus bo obtained boforo it is most nocdod, but; not before it was wanted, by tho burgesses at Wattle Flat. Thu Ki-vkots of Ikrmation.—Somo vary fino samples of whoat in tlio oar woro on view on Tuos dav evening (says tlio Aye) in tlio vestibule of the: Parliament Houses. Tliey wero placed there by: Mr. M'Coll, M.L.A., for tho purpose of giving lion, monibors soino idea of what it is possiblo to grow on tlio irrigated lands in tho neighborhood of tho Ijoddon in tlio north. Ono Bomplo was- from 500 acres of land irrigated by Mr. Hawkins, on; tlio plains near JCow Swamp; It is expected that •10 bushels to tho acre, or 5,000 bags in all, will be; taken olf this patch, where last year only l(i0 bags; were takon from an 800 acroaroa. Four fino heads of wheat woro in tho oxhibit, said to have been i takon from a plant with fi t stocks. As a contrast to tho hoalthy results of irrigation somo miserably stunted stocks with small lioads woro shown, which had boon taken from land whoro thoro had boon: only natural rainfall. Y.M.C.A. Lkvke.—A lovoB in connection with tho Young Men's Christian Association was hold at St. .Tamos' llall last ovening. Tlio hall was crowdod, and a numbor of prominbnt- mombers of tho association occupiod soats on the platform. Addresses of a varied nature woro delivered by a number of those preseut, and attentively listonod to. , Death in the Hospital.—A girl named Anno Maloney, aged sevontoon, diod in tho hospital yos terday from phthisis. She was admittod on tho 27th inst. Gordon and Gotch's A. B. C. Guide for November is out with commondablo promptitudo, an i is as usual an invaluable work for tourists aud tho public gonerally. Missing Xodnq Girls.—Tho numbor'of young girls ranging in ages from 12 to 15 years, reported to tlio poiico in Melbourne and suburbs during tlio last fortnight as missing is so great (says tho' Herald) that it is foared a regular system of abduction is being carried on by tile veterans in vice, who allure tho yonng girls by promises of oaso and luxury. In evory instance tho parents, or tho employers in their report state that they entertain fears for the missing girls' safety. What tho fears are, of course, is not mentioned, and perhaps in some cases even worse than abduction or bodily harm might bo tho suspicion lurking in tho informant's mind, as in the caso of a father in Hotham, whoso daughter, who is of a weak mind, was found shauiofully ill-treated in tho West Mel bourne swamp last week. A resident of Lonsdalo street oast reported yosterdaythatlior servant, aged 13 years is missing, and fears aro entertained tor lior safety. A Coursino M.vron will start at ono o'clock to morrow aftornoon it tho Railway Hotol, Marong. 