\--THAT LITTLE. SQUARE BOL -. "All aboard !" said the captain. "All aboard, sir I" said the mate. kL'Then stand by to let her go." ... It was nine o'clock on a Wednesday morn ing. The good ship Spartan was lying off Beoton Quay, with her cargo under hatches, her passengers shipped, and every-thing prepared for a start, The warning whistle had been sounded twice, the final bell had been rnng. Her bowsprit was turned to wards England, and the hiss of escaping steam showed that all was ready for her run of three thousand miles. She strained at the warps that held her like a greyhound at its leash. I have the misfortune to be a very nervous man. A sedentary literary life has helped to increase the morbid love of solitude which, even in my boyhood, was one of my dis tinguishing characteristics. As I stood open the quarterdeck of the Transatlantic steamer, I bitterly cursed the necessity which drove me back to the land of my forefathers. The shouts of the sailors, the rattle of the cord age, the farewells of my fellow.passengers, and the cheers of the mob, each and all jar. red upon my sensitive nature. I felt sad too. An indescribable feeling, as of some impend. ing calamity, seemed to haunt me. The sea was salm, and the breeze light. There was nothing to disturb the equanimity of the most confirmed of landsmen, yet I felt as if I stood upon the verge of a great though indefinable danger. I have noticed that such presentiments occur often in men of my peculiar temperament, and that they are not uncommonly fulfilled. Thereis a theory that it arises from a species of second.sight, a subtle spiritual communication with the future. I well remember that Herr Raumer, the eminent spiritualist, remarked on one occasion that I was the most sensitive sub ject as regards supernatural phenomena that he had ever encountered in the whole of his wide experience. Be that as it may, I certainly felt far from happy as I threaded my way among the weeping. cheeringgroups which dotted the white decks of the good ship Spartan. Had 1 known the experience which awaited me in the course of the next twelve hours I would even then at the last moment have sprung upon the shore, and made my escape from the accursed vessel. "Time's up I" said the captain, closing his chronometer with a snap, and replacing it in his pocket. "Time's up I" said the mate. There was a last wail from the whistle, a rush of friends and relatives upon thethe land. One warp was loosened, the gangway was being pushed away, when there was a shout from the bridge, and two men appeared, running rapidly down the quay. They were waving their hands and making frantic gestures, apparently with the intention of stopping the ship. " Look sharp !" shouted the crowd. "Hold hard I" cried the captain. "Ease her ! stop her ! Up with the gangway I " and the two men sprang aboard just as the second warp parted, and a convulsive throb of the engine shot us clear of the shore. There was a cheer from the deck, another from the quay, a mighty fluttering of handkerchiefs, and the great vessel .ploughed its way out of the harbour, and steamed grandly away across the placid bay. thWe were fairly started upon our fort. night's voyage. Them was a general dive among the passengers in quest of berths and luggage, while a popping of corks in the saloon proved that more than one bereaved traveller was adopting artificial means for drowning the pangs of separation. I glanced round the deck and took a running inventory of mycompagnonedea?ywge. Theypresented the usual types met with upon these occae alons. There was no striking face among them. I speak as a connois.eur, for faces are a speciality of mine. I pounce upon a characteristic feature as a botanist does on a flower, and bear it away with me to analyse at my leisure, and classify and label it in my little anthropological museum. There was nothing worthy of me here. Twenty types of young American going to " Yurrup, 'a few respectable middle-aged coupleas an antidote, a sprinkling of elergymen and pro lesaional men, young ladies, bagmen, Brit ish exclusives, and all the olas podrida of an ocean-going steamer. I turned away from them and gazed back at the receding shores of America, and, as a cloud of remembrances rose before me, my heart warmed towards the land of my adoption. A pile of port. manteaus and luggage chanced to be lying on one side of the deck, awaiting their turn to be taken below. With my usual love for solitude I walked behind these, and sitting on a coil of rope between them and the vessel's side, I indulged in a melancholy reverie. I was aroused from this by a whisper be hind me. "Here's a quiet place," said a voice. "Sit down, and we can talk it over in safety." Glancing through a chink between two colossal chests, I saw that the passengers who had joined us at the last moment were standing at the other side of the pile. They had evidently failed to see me as I crouched in the shadow of the boxes. The one who had spoken was a tall and very thin man, with a blue-black beared and a colourless face. His manner was nervous and excited. His companion was a short, plethoric little fellow, with a brisk and resolute air. He had a cigar in his mouth, and a large ulster slung over his left arm. They both glanced round uneasily, as if to ascertain whether they were alone. "This is just the place," I heard the other say. They sat down on a bale of goods with their backs turned towards me, and I found myself, much against my will, playing the unpleasant part of eavesdropper to their conversation. ""Well, Muller," said the taller of the two, "we've got it aboard right enough." "Yes," assented the man whom he had addressed as Muller, " it's safe aboard." "It was rather a near go." "I was that, Flannigan." "It wouldn't have done to have missed tihe ship." "0o, it would have put our plans out." "Ruined them entirely," said the little man, who puffed furiously at his cigar for Ssome minutes. "I've got it here," he said at last. "Let me see it" "Is no one looking?" "No, they are nearly all below." " We can't be too careful where so much is at stake," said Muller, as he uncoiled the plter which hung over his arm, and disclosed a dark object which he laid upon the deck. One glance st it was enough to cause me to spring to my feet with an ex clamation of horror. Luckily they were so engrossed in the matter on hand that neither of them observed me. ifad they turned their heads they would infallibly have seen my pale face glaring at them over the pile of boxes. From the first moment of their conversa tion a horrible misgiving had come over me. It seemed more than confirmed as I gazed at what lay before me. It was a little square box made of some dark wood, and ribbed with brass. I suppose it was about the size of a cubic foot. It reminded me of a pistol case, only it was decidedly higher. There was an appendage to it, however, on which my ~eys were rviited, and which suggested the pstol itself rather than its receptacle. This was a trigger-like arrangement upon the lid, to which a coil of string was at. Stached: Beside this trigger there was a Ssmall square aperture through the wood. The tall man, Flannlgan, an his companion called him,'applied his eye to this and pyered i for seereal minutes wiithan expresion of intense anxiety unqn his face. "It seems right enough," he said at last. "I tried not to shake it," said his com panion. ! Sueh'dellcate things need delicate treat ment. Put in some of the needful, Muller." 1 he shorter man fumbled in his pocket for some time, and then produced a small pper pk't. lie opened this, aid'took out bf it half a handful of whitish granules, which he poured down through the hole. A curious clicking noise followed from the inside of the box, and both the men smiled in a satia. fied way. "Nothing much wrong there," said Flan nigan. "Right as a trivet," answered his com panion. "Look outl here's some one coming. Take it down to our berth. It wouldn't do to have any one suspecting what our game is, or, worse still, have them fumbling with it, and letting it off by mistake." "Well, it would come to the same, who ever let it off," said Muller. "They'd beratherastonished if they pulled the trigger," said the taller, with a sinister laugh. "Ha, hal fancy their faces It's not a bad bit of workmanship, I flatter my self." "No," said Muller. "I hear it is your own design, every bit of it, isn't it?" "Yes, the spring and the sliding shutter are my own." "We should take out a patent." And the two men laughed again with a cold harsh laugh, as they took up the little brins.bound package, and concealed it in Muller's voluminous overcoat. "Come down, and we'll stow it in our berth;" said Flannigan. "We don't need it until to-night, and it will be safe there." His companion assented, and the two went armin-arm along the deck and disappeared down the hatchway, bearing the mysterious little box away with them. The last words I heard were a muttered injunction from Flannigan to carry it carefully, and avoid knocking it against the bulwarks. How long 1 remained sitting on that coil of rope I shall never know. The horror of the conversation I had just overheard was aggravated by the first sinking qualms of scea-sickness. The long roll of the Atlantic was begining to assert itself over both ship and passengers. I felt prostrated in miid and in body, and fell into a state of collapse, from which I was finally aroused by the hearty voice of our worthy quarter-master. " Do you mind moving out of that, sir !" he said. "We want to get this lumber cleared off the deck." His bluff manner and ruddy healthy face seemed to be a positive insult to me in my present condition. Had I been acourageous or a muscular man I could have struck him. As it was, I treated the honest sailor to a melodramatic scrowl which seemed to cause him no small astonishment, and strode past him to the other side of the deck. Solitude was what I wanted-solitude in which.I could brood over the frightful crime which was being hatched before my very eyes. One of the quarter boats was hanging rather low down upon the davits. An idea struck me, and, climbing on the bulwarks, I stepped into the empty boat and lay down in the bottom of it. Stretched on my back, with nothing but the blue sky above me, and an occasional view of the mizen as the vessell rolled, I was at least alone with my sickness and my thoughts. I tried to recall the words which had been spoken in the terrible dialogue I had over heard. Would they admit of any construc tion but the one which stared me in the face? My reason forced me to confess that they would not. I endeavoured to array the various facts which formed the chain of cir cumstantial evidence, and to find a flaw in it; but no, not a link was missing. There was the strange way in which our passengers had come aboard, enabling them to evade any examination of their luggage. The very name of " Flannigan" smacked of Fenianism, while "\Muller" suggested nothing but socialism and murder. Then their mysteri. one manner; their remark that their plans would have been ruined had they missed the ship; their fear of being observed ; last, but not least, the clenching evidence in the pro duction of the little square box with the trigger, and their grim joke about the face of the man who should let it off by mistake, -could these facts lead to any conclusion other than that they were the desperate emissaries of some body, political or other wise, and intended to sacrifice themselves, their- fellow passengers, and the ship, in one great holocaust! The whitish granules which I had seen one of them pour into the box formed no doubt a fuse or train for ex ploding it. I had myself heard a sound come from it which might have emanated from some delicate piece of machinery. But what did they mean by their allusion to to-night? Could it be that they contemplated putting their horrible design into execution on the very' first evening of our voyage? The mere thought of it sent a cold shudder over me, and made me fora moment superior even to the agonies of sea-sickness. I have remarked that I am a physical coward. I am a moral one also. It is seldom that the two defects are united to such a degree in one character. I have known many men who were most sensitive to bodily danger, and yet were distinguished for the independence and strength of their minds. In my own case, however, I regret to say that my quiet and retiring habits had fostered a nervous dread of doing anything remarkable or making myself conspicuous, which exceeded, if possible, my fear of per sonal peril. An ordinary mortal placed ti. der the circumstances in which I now found myself would have gone at once to the captain, confessed his fears, and put the matter into his hands. To me, however, constituted as I am, the idea was most re pugnant. The thought of becoming the observed of all observers,- cross-questioned by a stranger, and confronted with two des perate conspirators in the character of a denouncer, was hateful to me. Might it not by some remote possibility prove that I was mistaken ? What would be my feelings if there ohould turn out to be no grounds for my accusation? No, I would procrastinate; I would keep my eye onthetwo desperadoes and dog them at every turn. Anything was better than the possibility of being wrong. Then it struck me that even at that mo ment some new phase of the conspiracy might be developing itself. The nervous excitement seemed to have driven away my incipient attack of sickness, for I was able to stand up and lower myself from the boat without experiencing any return of it. I staggered alTong the deck with the intention of descending inoto the cabin and finding how my acquaintances of the morning were oc cupying themselves. Just as I had my hand on the companion-rail, I was astonished by receiving a hearty slap on the back, which nearly shot me down the steps with more haste than dignity. "Is that you, Hammond!" said a voice which I seemed to recognise. "God bless me," I said as I turned round, "it can't be Dick' Merton I Why, how are yon, old man?" This was an unexpected piece of luck in the midst of my perplexities. Dick was just the man I wanted; kindly and shrewd in his nature, and prompt in his actions, I should have no difficulty in telling him my suospicious, and could rely upon his sound seise to point out the best course to pursue. Siice I was a little lad in the second form at Harrow, Dick had been my adviser and pro tector. He saw at a glance that something had gone wrong with me. : 'HBulloI" 'he said, in his kLhiidly way, • ? "Lihat's put you about, Hammondl You look as white as a sheet. Mal te rmer, eh l" "No, not that altogether." said I. "Walk up and down with me, Dick; I want to speak to you. Give me your arm." :fSupporting 'myself on -Dick's ' stalwart frame, I tottered along by his side: but it was sme tiime before I could'muster resolu tion to speak. 11 Have a cigar," said he, breaking the silence. "No, thanks," said I. "Dick, we shall be all corpses to-night." "That's no reason against your having a cigar now," said Dick, in his cool way, but looking hard at me from under his shaggy eyebrows as he spoke. Beevidently thought that my intellect was a little gone. "No," I continued, "it's no laughing matter; and I speak in sober earnest, I assure you. I have discovered an infamous conspiracy, Dick, to destroy this ship and every soul that is in her ;" and I then pro. ceeded systematically, and in order, to lay before him the chain of evidence which I had collected. "There, Dick," I said, as I con. cluded, " what do you think of that I and, above all, what am I to do 1" To my astonishment he burst in a hearty fit of laughter. "I'd be frightened," he said, "if any fel. low but you had told me as much. You always had a way, Hammond, of discovering mares' nests. 1 like to see the old traits breaking out again. Do you remember at school how you swore there was a ghost in the long room, and how it turned out to be your own reflection in the mirror? Why, man," he continued, "what object would any one have in destroying this ship We have no great political guns aboard. On the contrary, the majority of the passengers are Americans. Besides, in this sober nine teenth century, the 'most wholesale mur derers stop at including themselves among their victims. Depend upon it, you have mistaken a photographic camera, or some thing equally innocent, for an infernal machine." " Nothing of the sort, sir," said I rather touchily. "You will learn to your cost, I fear, that I have neither exaggerated nor misinterpreted a word. As to the box, I have certainly never before seen one like it. It contained delicate machinery ; of that I am convinced, from the way in which the men handled it and spoke of it." "You'd make out every packet of perish able goods to be a torpedo," said Dick, "if that is to be your only test." " The man's name was Flannigan," I con tinued. "1I don' think that would go very far in a court of law," said Dick; "but come, I have finished my cigar. Suppose we go down together and split a bottle of claret. You can point out these two Orsinis to me if they are still in the cabin." "All right," I answered; " I am deter mined not to lose sight of them all day. Don't look hard at them, though; for I don't want them to think that they are being watched." " Trust me," said Dick; " I'll look as on. conscious and guileless s a lamb ;" and with that we passed down the companion and into the saloon. A good many passengers were scattered about the great central table, some wrestling with- refractory carpet.bags and rug.straps, some having their luncheon, and a few read ing and otherwise amusing themselves. The objects of our, quest were not there. We passed down the room and peered into every berth; but there was no sign of them. "IHeavens I" thought I, "perhaps at this very moment they are beneath our feet, in the hold or engine-room, preparing their diabolical contrivance I" It was better to know the worst than to remain in such sus pense. "Steward," said Dick, "are there any other gentlemen about I " "There's two in the smoking.room, sir," answered the steward. The smoking-room was a little snuggery, luxuriously fitted up, and adjoining the pantry. We pushed the-door open and entered. A sigh of relief escaped from my bosom. The very first object on which my eye rested was the cadaverous face of Flanni. gan, with its hard.set mouth and unwinking eye. His companion satopposite him. They were both drinking, and a pile of cards lay upon the table. They were engaged in play ing as we entered. I nudged Dick to show him that we had found our quarry, and we sat down beside them with as unconcerned an air as possible. The two conspirators seemed to take little notice of our preseuce. I watched them both narrowly. The gume at which they were playing was "' Napoleon." Both were adeptsat it; and I could not helli admiring the consummate nerve of men who, with such a secret at their hearts, could devote their minds to the manipulating of a long suit or the finessing of a queen. Money changed hands rapidly; but the run of luck seemed to be all against the taller of the two players. At last be threw down his cards on the table with an oath, and refused to co on. "No, I'm hanged if Idol" he said; "I haven't had more than two of a suit for five hands." "Never mind," said his comrade, as he gathered his winnings; "a few dollars one way or the other won't go very far after to night's work." I was astonished at the rascal's audacity, but took care to keep my eyes fixed abstract edly upon the ceiling, anti drank my wine in as unconscious a manner a possible. I felt that Flannigan was looking towards me with his wolfish eyes to see if I had noticed the allusion. lie whispered something to his companion which I failed to catch. It was a caution, I suppose, for the other answered rather angrily, Nonsensense Why shouldn't I say what I like? Over caution is just what would ruin us." "I believe you want it not to come off," said Flannigan. " You believe nothing of the sort," said the other, speaking rapidly and loudly. " You know as well as I do that when I play for a stake I like to win it. But I won't have my words criticised atnd cut short by you or any other man; I have as much fIaterest in our success as you have-more, I hope." He was quite hot about it, and puffed furiously at his cigar for some minutes. The eyes of the other ruian wantdered alternatcly from Dick Merton to myself. I knew that I was in the presence of a desperate man, that a quirer on my lip might be the signal for him to plunge a weapon into my heart; but I betrayed more self- command than I should have ivrena myself credit for under such try ing circumstances. As to Dick, he was as immovable and apparently as unconscious as the Egyptian Sphinx. There was silence for some time in the smoking-room, broken only the crisp rattle of the cards, as the man Muller shuffled them up before replacing them in his pocket. He still seemed to be somewhat flushed and irritable. Throwing the end of his cigar into the spittoon, he glanced defiantly at his com. panion, and turned towards me. "Can you tell me, sir," he said, "when this ship will be heard of again 1" They were both looking at me: but though my face may have turned a trifle paler, my roice was as steady as ever as I answeredl, "I presume, sir, that it will be heard of first when it enters Queenstown Harbour." " Ha, hal" laughed the angry, little man, "I knewi you would say that. Don't you kick me under the table, Flanoigan; I won't stand it. I know what I am doing..You are wrong, sir," he continued, turning to me, "utterly wrong." "Some passing ship, perhaps," suggested Dick. - '! No, nor that either." "The weather is fine," I said;:." why shotild we riot be heard of at our destisia tion ? " "I didn't say we shouldn't be heard of at our destination. No doubt we shall in the course of time, but that is not where we shall be heard of first." " Where then ?" naked Dick. "That you will never know. : Sufice it that a rapid and mysterious agency will signil our whereabouts, and that before the day is out. Ha, ha " and he chuckled once again. I Come on deck I" growled his comrade; " you have drunk too much of that con founded brandy-and-water. It has loosened your tongue. Come away 1" and taking him by the arm be half led him, half forced him out of the smoking-room, and we heard them stumbling up the companion together, and son to the deck. "Well, what do you think now!" I gasped, as I turned towards Dick. lie was as imperturbable as ever. "Think!" he said, "why, I think what his companion thinks, that we have been listening to the ravings of a half-drunken man. The fellow stunk of brandy." " Nonsense, Dick! you saw how the other tried to stop his tongue." "Of course ho did. He didn't want his friend to make a fool of himself before strangers. Maybe the short one is a lunatic, and the other his private keeper. It's quite possible." "0 Dick, Dick," I cried, "how can you be so blind ? Don't you see that every word confirmed our previous suspicion !" "Hiumbug, man!" said Dick; "you're working yourself into a state of nervous ex citement. Wthy, what the devil do you make of all that nonsense about a mysteri ous agent which would signal our where. aboute ?" "I'll tell you what he meant, Dick," I said, bending forward and grasping my friend's arm. " He meant a sudden glare and a flash seen far out at sea by some lonely fisherman off the American coast. That s what he meant." " I didn't think you were such a fool, Hammond," said Dick Merton testily. "If you try to fix a literal meaning on the twad dle that every drunken man talks, you will come to some queer conclusion. Let us fol low their ex:ample, and go on deck. You need fresh air, I think. Depend upon it, your liver isout of order. A sea-voyage will do you a world of good." " If ever I see the end of this one," I groaned, "I'll promise never to venture on another. They are laying the cloth, so it's hardly worth while my going up. I'll stay below and finish my'smoke." '"I hope dinner will find you in a more pleasant state of mind," said Dick ; and he went out, leaving me to my thoughts until the clang of the great gong summoned us to the saloon. My appetite, I need hardly say, had not been improved by the incidents which had occurred during the day. I sat down, how ever, mechanically at the table, and listened to the talk which was going on around me. There were nearly a hundred first-class pas sengers, and as the wine began to circulate, their voices combined with the clash of the dishes to form a perfect Babel. I found myself seated between a very stout and nervous old lady and a prime little clergy man; and as neither made any advances I retired into my shell, and spent my time in observing the appearance of my fellow vogagers. I could see Dick in the dim dis tance dividing his attentions between a jointless fowl in front of him and a self possessed young lady at his side. Captain Dowie was doing the honours at my end, while the surgeon of the vessel was seated at the other. I was glad to notice that Flanni gun was placed almost opposite to me. As long as I had him before my eyes I knew that, for a time at least, we were safe. lie was sitting with what was meant to be a sociable smile on his grim face. It did not escape me that he drank largely of wine--v largely that even before the dessert appeared his voice had becamejdecidedly husky. His friend Muller was seated a fetw places lower down. He ate little, and appeared to be nervous atd restless. " Now, ladies," said our genial captain, "I trust that you will consider yourselves at home aboard my vessel. I have no fears for the gentlemen. A bottle of champage, steward. Here's to a fresh breeze andt a quick passage! I trust our friends in America will hear of our safe arrival in twelve days, or a fortnight at the very latest." I looked up. Quick as was the glance which passed between Flannigan and his con. federate, I was able to intercept it. There was an evil smile upon the former's thin lips. The conversation rippled on. Politics, the sea, amusements, religion, each was in turn discussed. I remained a silent though an interested listener. It struck me th st no harm could be done by introducing the sub ject which was ever in my mind. It could bhe managed in an oil-hand way, and would at least have the effect of turning the cap tain's thouhlts in that direction. I could watch, too, what effect it would have upon the faces of the conspiratars. (To be continued.) 