Under n lluii. Lois Urquhart was weary. Tho fight had bccu a hard one, though sho had maintained her stand with tho bmvory of a man cbuplod with tho cndurnnco of n woman. Tho fiercer tho torrent tiint had rison ngainBt her, the higher bad hor courage soared, until at times sho had wondered nt hor own powers of rcslstnuce, nnd imagined tiint nothing could uow boat her down, nothing causa hor to relinquish tiio footing sho had managed to maintain for eo many wenry years. But tho woman's heart still beat in her bosom, nnd al though Us pulsation hnd bcon forced into a smothered uninterrupted calm by tho cold consuro of a mistaken world, to which sho scorned to render up tho victory, it was not impervious to tho first touch of human kind ness which suddonly probed its depth ; and the now-born sense of weariness overcame her simultaneously with (lie only true-hearted offer of help thnt had fallen across her path through her long period of sorrow, though she had needed such help sorely— more sorely than any ono over knew, or would know, on earth. By tho dyiug five sho sat, this sauio weury-honrtcd woman, watching it fade slowly away, and scarcely heeding tho cold which r igucd around her in tho barely-fur- nislicd room, - Her White face showed traces of intenso mental suffering, stamping its unwonted beauty with the seal that I - graven for tho chosen few to whom is grauuil tho |>owor of bearing tho yoko of sorrow patiently, filling her eyes with tho latent light of unshed tears— tears which had long ago bcon thrust aside, ns being far too great a luxury to in dulge in, until thoy seemed to lmvo forgotten how to fall. Quo by ouo tbo scenes of her sltntigo oventful life roso from tho gravo iuto which dto had cast thorn, and stood before nor with all their bearings revealed. A lifo wrockcd before its courso had well begun ; a heart crushed beneath nu iron heel era it had found out its own power of believing in any thing boyoud the fact that tho world in which It beat was false nnd cruel to a dcgrco of which sbo had never even dreamt iu happier days. + All this sho scanned carelessly. Thcro were deeper wounds yet to bo probed, scars which hnd not seen tho light for many a day to bo exposed ; nnd now in tho quiet flrelit solitude sho drew tho veil aside, and laid thorn bare to herself, with almost as much pin in the offorb of recalling thorn ns sho had cxjicricuccd when thoy woro first in flicted by tho pitiless hands of Iter relentless fate. Two days ago what was sho, this woman so touching in her utter desolation ? What was her homo I Aud what her sur roundings 7 The auswer is brief, but fraught with unutterable misery andshamo. Two days previously Lois Urquhart was a convicted felon, licr homo a gaol, her com panions such ns herself, tho world snid. Such as hcrsolf I Then God help all who nro undergoing a like punishment I ought to bo the cry of our hearts ; God help all thoso who are suffering for tho faults of others, if any 6uch there bo in our prisons this day i Sho had fought valiantly for her liberty at first wiLh nil bor might nnd main ; but a bird striving to free itself from its cage would havo bad more power tliau this weak girl possessed in its efforts to free itself ; for a bird hflsasiuglti-hnndcd fight against its cap- tors, whilst sbo was bound band nnd foot in her Endeavors to regain liberty and good uamo, From tho day sho united herself to Robert Urquhart, in her almost childish years, to save hcrsolf from tho fate of scciug her father's death lio nt her door, whilst sho could stretch forth her baud to save him, sho herself had led a living death, almost unbearable nt tiuics.evcn to her brave spirit. Her only consolation had been granted in tho hour whon sho closed thnt father's weary oyes in peace, and smiled ou him the Inst angel smile sho gavo any one on earth for years after, which led tho old nmu to bclicvo'hc left his child behind him happy. Ilnppy, and Robert Urquhart'swifo? Even her child's birth brought sorrow to licr ; even his smiles could scnrccly win back nn answer ing ono from her sad faco. For in tho child sho seemed to see the father; and in her helpless love for him could only pray— pray thnt 6hc might never livo to see him grow up in tho likcuess of tho man whom she called by tho snored nnrao of husbnud. But tho timo of licr humiliation was yet to couic. That Robert Urquhart was falso to tho core, sho know ; that he was faithless aud cruel, she scarcely heeded ; that ho grew to luito her with tho hatred of a man who knows that a good pure woman is awake to Ids evil courses, sire felt certain ; but tbc extent of tho man's hatred had yet to be revealed. Ami ns tho blow fell her whole nature changed. When tho crime imputed only too truly to Robert Urquhart tad been brought home to him, bo bulled his parting slmft at tho woman whose patient pride had galled liim eo sorely, nnd on oath ho implicated heriti all his guilt. Not only was sue to L>o known henceforth as the wife of a forger, a coiner, nud a felon, but, from the force of conflicting circumstances attending his only too well- attested accusation, she stood before the onlv too credulous world as a forger and a felon herself. Thus it was sho changed so sadly. All hope, nil trust was shaken ; and she put upon her fair youug face the steel mask of proud indifference which it woro during the wholo period of dcteatiou. Of course she was recommended to mony on account of her youth ; but of courso Moroy was engaged on other affairs, and could not attend particularly to her. So Urquhart was sent beyond seas, whilst his qirl- wifo was kept iu England to work out her timo na best sho might. 0 weary time, that haunted all her after life with tho remem brance of its ncvcr-cbunging monotony, of duties that were done for punlshment, with no hope of cncouragcmont, no chnncc of reward t Tho child wa9 taken from licr, nnd, in nccordnco with its father's orders, sent away, without a trace being left to enable tho mother to regain possession of him when she should be releasee! from bond age ; and this was tho hardest trial of all for hor to bear. At length the years passed on, tho hideous dream of licr imprisonment was dreamt out, and onco more Lois Urquhart stood on frco ground, with power to think nnd net still remaining iu licr calm breast ; nnd it was ou the very day of her rolcaso that the ray of God's sunshine, kindness, hnd touched her licnrt, nnd brought back something akin to her old nature to the woman's tortured soul. To the female warders, Lois Urquhart, or No. 17, ns she was called, hnd proved a quiet, though rather sulky, charge To the chaplain, good man, sho had been a stoical indifferent kind of penitent, and ouo difficult to rcnch 5 but to ono member of tho prisiou staff she had been more, far more. Ono among them had studied her fair calm face critically— a face that spoko volumes to all but the most casual obsorvors, nnd concealed so much boncnth its mcehnnienl placidity ; thus, by dint of careful watching, ho discovered the working of tho restless burdened heart beneath tho cold exterior. In return Lois felt sho had a friend in the jwrson of ltylnnd Sydney, tho temporary doctor of tho gaol ; but such friendship alio encouraged uoithcr by word or thought. But now in the quiotmlc nnd freedom that surrounded her, so now to tho long-fettered prison-bird , the utter loneliness of her situation seemed so apparent, hor social footing socmcd so insecure, that the weariness and hopelessness of it all came over her, and the weight of troublo was harder to endure than ever. SUrriug the embers into a blaze, 6ho took from her bosom a loiter, and, holding it to wards the lirclight, read it over slowly and carefully, as sho had already done many times before on that the second day of her release from captivity. It told her that tho writer, Kylnml Sydney, loved hor ; not in so mnoy words, perhaps, for tbey wcro fow nnd guarded ; but sho guessed its purport ooly too well, with tho instinct that lies in a woman's heart, which vibrates whenover the love-chord is touched, and is never deceived by lovo'a Bcniblnnco, bo tho music ncvor so closely imitated. Ho knew (so ho wrote) most of her pitiful story, and beliorcd in tier innoccnco as freely ns God himself, who knew it, nnd who would doubtless prove it in IBs own good timo, Ho only asked to too bcr that ho might tell hor how enrnestly lie had licr interest at heart, nnd how willing and anxious lie was to servo her in licr time of need. And thus, reading his honest letter to tho end, it beenmo olenr to her how little, how very littlo Kylntid Sydnoy really knew of her life-story, for by its whole tenor sho gleaned lie thought her free. Free 1 All, God I Bound, bound hand, foot, and soul, by tho same chain that had drnwu hor down to tho depths whero this man had found her, nnd held out his hand to rniso her from tho gulf in which sho was ira- nicr-od. She did not scan her own heart too closely; sho durst not question whether she loved in return. Sho could only wait his coming, knowing thnt she roust meet him bravely, and tell him the truth without flinch ing, Only another pain to her weary heart, only another step in her lonely rend towards the right. A neighbouring clock chimed tho hour of seven, and as tho last stroke died away Hyland Sydnoy entered the room, and she roso to greot him, 4 Lois,' ho said quietly, holding her hand for a moment within his own, 4 Lois, am I welcome ?' 'Wolcomo as tho first friend I havo re ceived under my roof for years past can be,' she answered, with a ccrtaindignityof which she was totally unconscious, 'and doublv wolcoiuo,' she continued bitterly, 4 ns tho only man in the world, save ono, who believes in my innocence.' llo looked earnestly nt her sad white faco in silence, and dropped tho hand ho held. 4 Who is that one other, Lois ?' ho asked, drendiug tho answer ho might hear. And it enure. Tho ronn who nlono knows of it,' she replied, with trembling lips— 4 my husband.' 4Zcitf/' tho cry came from the man's very soul, as he looked at tho,. wnmnn boforo him, aud saw his fate so plainly written in tho sweet truthful face. 4 Friend,' she said, bowing her head, nnd turning from tho mute sorrow that looked at her from his eyes, 4 you thought you know my story. You henrd it from other lips, and believed in mo ; now hear it from mine, and, hearing it, pray for ure,' And then Lois Urqnbart told licr tale to tbo man beforo her, knowing that ns her re cital proceeded, 6ho oast from bis path all the sunshine with which sho luid hitherto invested it, nnd brought tho wavo of troublo which had grown natural to her into another lifo than licr own. At length tho tnsk was over ; tho story had run its course. Sho ceased ; but for a time her li6tcnor kopt silence. Sud denly, with nu effort, he roused himself, nod snid quietly, 4 Lois, where is your boy ?' A spasm of pain passed over tbo mother's face. This was the open wound thnt would not lienl, nnd which quivorcd at tho gentlest touch ; but iu n moiuont she mado auswer, tbo saddest answer thnt could fall from a mother's lins, 4 God help me, my friend, I do not know 1 He luid liis hand on tho bowed head where tho silver Hues wcro 60 many, and then said earnestly. Courage, Lois, courage I You havo been through dark waters, nnd have reached tbc land ; do not give up tho fight yet— work for tho guerdon yet in store. Wait and watch for the timo when your child shall bo re stored to you ; for,' he nddod, between lfisset teeth, 4 that timo at least shall surely come.' She shook her bend sadly ; but ho went on, speaking in a changed tone. 4 Lois,' he said quietly and firmly, 4 1 came hero to-day with tho hope, with tho firm hone, of sharing your future, nnd mnkiug you as happy as my poor lovo and service could do. That may not bo ; but my mission did not end hero. I enrno with tho intention of serving you ; and with that intention un shaken I shall taka ray icavo of you. Only givo me your solemn wont that you will not seek toevnde mo ; but that, wherever yon may go, you will let me havo kuowlcdgo of your movements, nnd thnt in any timo of troublo you will let me aid you. Will you promise?' She gavo him licr baud in answer. 1 Now,' ho said, sittiug down opposite hor, and slmdiug his faco with his baud, 4 now tell mo more about your son.' All Lois know sho poured forth to him : all tho tender reminiscences of his babyhood, which meant so iimcb lo her, and conveyed so little to him, sho let flow from the inmost denths of her heart, where sbo luid so long hhldcu them oven from herself, waking the woman's soul within her face, until it throw off Its nmsk of coldness, and was revealed to her llstcucr in a new nnd more holy light. Very few facts that might lead totlioboy'sdiscovcry could he elicit ; but all that wcro likely to bo of use llyland Sydnoy uoted down with care. Once she rose, nud taking from a cuse a soft goldcu curl wrapped In paper, sho held it to wards her guest. 4 That was his hair,' she said 6oftly, and almost happily. 4 It U pretty, is it uot V He took it from her uauda with a strange lender rcvcrcucc, nod kneeling down by tbo fire, said, 'Give mo more light, that I may see the colour distinctly, Lois ; this may perchance bo useful to cue.' She turned and busied herself nt bis request, and presently ho gavo her back the littlo packet m its tissue covering, without a word. 4 You will remember your promise,' be said, rising from his sent, 4 nnd pray for the success of my search. It may be some timo before wo meet again ; I cannot tell. Menn- while live for tho future that may be dawn- iug in the distance. Live with the hope of better things to come ; but know, that in your sufferings nnd trials you aro henceforth no longer alone. "While I live your sorrows nro mine, your joys mine also. I say this to you with ail reverence, knowing that you are as far removed from me as are the angels in heaven ; but 6till holding out to you with all faith the hand of fellowship, which bns hitherto been withhold from you, and without which it would bo hard for you to weather tho sea of life, whose waves beat so roughly on your shore. You understand me, Lois ? ' Ay, she nndorstood him as only a woman can understand tho better part of a man's nature, nnd she tbnnkcd him from tbo very depts of her tried heart. Then ho left her, and the dark room seemed the darker for his absence. Bo many thoughts had been reused in her bosom thnt night, thnt Lois could not lay the phantoms to rest, aud the y.cnmings for a different life c.11110 over hor with overwhelming force. The old sorrow hud been so torn from its slumbers, that sho could not banish it. She took tho little paper containing her child's linir from its rcsting-plnco once more, nnd re opened it with loving hands. The outer covering hnd been chnugcd, and in its place was a bank-note for fifty pounds. On the paper itself was written hastily in pencil, what I dare not in my own name, I do in tbe nnme of your child.' Then it was thnt the tears enmo in wild uncontrolablc floods, until tho woman who had not wept for years felt that the heaven-sent relief must have come only jnst in timo to enve licr henrtfrom breaking under its heavy harden of pont-up tears. In the light of a certain summer Bunset the long delayed dawn broke on Lois Urqnhart's cloudy horizon. Tho year had passed slowly on, bringing little change in the monotony of her daily routine. She had with difficulty obtained somo sliplit employment, for which tho remuneration she received was scanty, ns barely to suffice for her moderate require ments; but slill she struggled on, lending her quiet existence uninterrupted nnd un noticed by the busy world without licr walls. Nq word hnd over reached bcr from Ryhind Sydney, and yet sbo knew full well she was not forgotten ; she trusted him too implicitly for tbnt, though tho weeks passed on nnd ho made no sign. It was a weary Eort of time to her, this period of wailing ; living, and yet living in such uttor solitude, that it seemed almost liko the 4 valley of the shadow ' through which ehe was passing. But cvod for her the light was breaking in tho dis tance. One evening, when the hush of tho great city stole over her heart with a soothing calm, she was standing nt the open window, watching the patch of sunset fading bohind the opposito bouses, nnd wondering vaguely whothcr the people who lived in theiu ever even imagiucd a fate such ns hers. Sud denly her chain of thoughts was interrupted by the unusual sound of footsteps ascending tho flight of stairs which led immediately to' her rooms— strange footsteps, which sho instinctively felt must herald some break in the continuous flow of her life-tide's stream. And sho wns right. Turning her head swiftly, sho found herself in the presence of Ryland Sydney, nnd snw by liis face thnt lie brought tidings of some sort — what, she had not time to think. 4 Lois,' lie said, tnking her by tho hand and leading her to a chair by tho open window, 4 1 bring yoti strange, strange news. Lois, you aro freer Sho looked up at him with a startled expression in her eyes, not in tho least comprehending his meaning. He took out a paper and placed it In her trembling huud . 4 Bead it,' she said hoarsely, giving it back to liim ; 4 1 cannot.' Then kneeling down by ber aide he told her gently, gravely, ns a woman would bnvo done, how Robert Urquhart had died from wouuds received in a futile attempt toescapo from his prison, nnd how he hnd nt tho last, the very last, cleared her name from tho black cloud in which lie hod onco envoioped it, and how her eutiro innocence was now set forth beforo tbo eyes of the world which hnd onco so harshly judged her guilty. 4 God knows I never even dreamt of this !' she snid half nudlbly. And then she lot him draw her weary bead down on to his breast, and felt that part of her warfare wua over, part of the battle fought out ; and he, in the thaukfulucss of his heart, knew that sho was his at last for life. They were married quietly, very qtiictlv, tlicse strange lovers, in a dusky City church one bright autumn morning ; but tho few stragglers who watched tho quiet gentle-faced wouunu standing at the altar wondered why she should look so strangely sad, ns though haunted by the ghost of some great sorrow that could nover be entirely dispelled from her memory. Ryland Sydney noticed tbis expression on licr pationt face, but made no sign. He look ber straight to the home ho had prepared for her reception with such loving enre, and led her towards it silontly. 4 Lois,' ho said, as they stood together on tho threshold of their future homo, her first sweet haven of rest, Lois, I have reserved ray wedding- gift to you until to-day. Come now and receive it.' Sho gave liim a quiet grave smile mid fol lowed him silently into n small room, where the flood of golden sunshine blinded her, and veiled the occupaats from hor sight. Her husband took her hand nnd led ber to where a lad with sunny auburn hair was bending over a book, 4 Lois, my wife,' lie said softly, 4 this is my ton Thcro wns silence in tbc room for tbo space of a fow moments, and then it was broken by a wondrous soug, tho Jlaynijicat of a mother's heart ; for Lois Sydnoy knew that tho prayer of her life had been answered ; tbnt her child, once dead to her, was alive again ; her son, once lost, was found, 