r EDUCATION MEETING AT GAWLER. On Wednesday evening September 12, a meeting of electors was held at the Institute Hall, Gawler, for the purpose of disjussiui C. Wilkinson, J.P ) occupied the chair, and there was qnitea representative gathering, all shades of opinion being present. Mr. W. F. Wiscey, J.P. (Chairman of the Local Board of Advice), moved the first resolu tion as follows :— ' That thi3 meeting is iu fa vour of free and compulsory education up to the age oi thirteen years.' (Cheers.) Th9 ques tion was as to whether the State should pro vide elementary education. It had been found necessary ia older countries for the State to provide it, for in England, Frauoe, and America, until the matter had been taken in hand by the Government the majority had grown up without edu cation, only the children of the wealthy classes being edusated. The value and. neces sity of education led England and other countries to provide elementary education, and, so far as this colony was concerned, It seemed to him that the niasa of children could not be educated unless the Governmeat did it Parents could not do it ; neither could denominations, nor were there suffi cient of those who could erect suitable ac commodation for the children who taught for a living ; and the State, seeing this, had committed themselves to elementary educa tion. They had spent about one-third of a million of money in the erection of school houses and teachers' residences throughout the country;, and in Gawler soaiethia^ iike £6;000 had been spent. Then, ia addition to this, they had also provided for raiaiur teachers, for he thought it wis pretty well acknowledged that teaching required au apprenticeship as much as any trade or pro fession, and in time they would have a first-class lot of teachers, iastniJted iu the best methods of imparting instruction. Now the question was, having made all thia provision, is it rizht that it should be com pulsory or not ? la the great majority of cases parents were willing to make saonfices in order to send their children to school, but there were some who were perfectly careles3 and indifferent about their children, and it was a question as to whether these were to be allowed tc keep their children in that slate of lgnorauce by which the streets of their towus were filled, and whom they might look forward to as being in the future their crimit^al popula tion, and thus he thought it must be compul sory. (Cheers.) Then the next question was as to whether it should be tree. Until recently he had been in favour of lettiug those pay who could, but he had come to the conclusion that education should be free, and he \yould give them his reasons for it. In the first place the total number of children in 1882 attending school w-%s 33,79.!, and 4,040 were receiving free instruction, or one out of eight were educated free at the present time. The cost to the country in round numbers had been that one-third of a million had been spent. The cost of manage ment, &c;, after deductiag all repay meats, fees, &c;, was £91,000, but this did not in clude anything for the Advanced School for Girls in Adelaide, which showed a profit Then school fees that had been retained by teachers — except Model Schools, where salaries jrere paid— had been £14,000, and the interest on the cost of the buildings wia £13,000, so that the total working expenses was £118,600, and this was paid for by fees from Model Schools £7,000, paid by parents in other schools £14,000, from Crown lands £15,000, and from general revenue £82,000. But both the £15,000 and £18,000 were State money, so that the total amount coming from the country was £97,000. Now, this question of free education affected the working classes more than any others ; it was virtually a question for them. It wa3 admitted that they paid a larger share of taxes than they should do, and he found that in the four years ending 1882 out of Customs amounting to £2,211,000 the necessories of life had produced £946,000, or nearly half of the whole, and of course the necessaries were consumed by tbe mass of tbe people, there fore there could be no doubt that a very large proportion oi the taxes did come out of the working classes, and they need not have any compunction whatever in asking for free education, seeing that it would be simply reducing the excess that they were now paying in the taxation of the country. Then, too, the working classes should occupy as good a positron in this colony as in the other colonies. There could not be progress unless there -was {increased popu lation, and- their colony must be made as attractive as-. possible, and the status of the working man should be as-good here as in the other colonies. (Hear, hear.)' In- Queensland they had free education^ and in New South Wales they had recently charged threepence per week up to four children* and the rest free, and now a resolution hod passed the Lower House- that no morefees should be charged. In New- Zealand- and Victoria it was free, and he said.it was in the interests of the colony, and juiy in justice to them, that they should occupy as favonrable a position here as in the other colonies. (Cheers.) It would, too, be- beneficial to country teachers, who were often imposed upon by unscrupulous persons. Again, when ever thexe was a holiday people kept their children away all the week; and only the other week, in Gawler, 20 per- cent, of the children stayed away on account of a holiday, and free education would stop that It would also do away with the difficulty they met with in enforced' compulsion where children were sent to a private school — which were often used as- harbours of refuge— to eBcape it. At the present time there were a quarter of a million acres of land in' round numbers dedicated to education purposes; which were let at from Id. to 7s. 3d. per acre per anmrm, producing a little over £15,000. Now Mr. Martin told them that 160,000,000 acres of Crown landB only brought in £56,000; and* if the Government would dedicate another quarter of a million acres for education purposes that would meet any deficiency. (Loud cheers.) Mr. J. Maf.tin, J.P., seconded. For a long time he had been in favour of compul sory education, ai.d he thought if it was -com? puisory it. should be free. He agreed with Mr. Wincey that the advantages that would accrue to the State would be far more than the losses that might be made for education, and if they wece to dedicate a. little more of the land for- education none of the money for education need come fronv taxation, what ever. Itwoold be far hettei- for the colony as a whole to dedicate the hind for this pur pose than to use it — abuse it, he might-say — as they were doing at the present jfcime. Mr. H. BiaeHOF supported- the resolution, and said the schoolmasters in the country were the most miserably paid Government BervantSj.and yet they were tbe- most ser viceable men they had. Mr. C..W. Niqubt was in- favour of free and compulsory education, and. he- thought a man, or woman, found employing, a. child under school-going age should be fined. (Hear, hear.) Councillor May -thought after the young artisan i weat to work there should, be some school provided for mechanical training, for a great many did not known the value of education until they got alongside a bench. Mr. J; Mossop said he would move an amendment as follows : — ' That this.meeting has sufficient confidence in- the Government of the present day to carry out the education scheme*' There seemed to be a disposition on the part of South Australians to g§fe every thing they could as cheap as possible. It was ;a .disgrace to mea who were- earning decent wages to ask for free education. Let them ask any Chairmaa of Board o£ Advice, and he would say it was not the zespectable men who were brought to the Police Court. A man who objected to pay 3d. or 6d. per week for his children was no man,at all. Ko seconder being found, the proposition was put, and carried by a large majority, only four voting against it. The Eey. J. Nicholson moved—' That in the opinion of this meeting, the existing educational regulations which, provides for Bible-reading before schoobhours on the request of ten parents should be amended so as to arrange f oi Bible- reading and undenomi national! explanation during school-hours in those schools where a majority of the parents so desire, and that attendance thereat should not be compalsory.' Bis proposal had the merit of betag a new, simple, and! practical one, and he- could not but remark cpon the strange necessity .there was for pleading for the Bible, in the sckools when so great a majority were in its favour. The Bible had got into that unsatisfactory position through their foolish _ desire to please all parties, in which they had not succeeded. They had imported British denominational jealousies, which did not suit a young country like ours. They were glad the State had determined to know nothing of the religion of sects and parties, and yetj through feir of the ghost of a State Church, which was a question dead and baried, many good men were playing! into the hands of extreme secularists. The term ' secular,' as it applied to educa tion, originally had quite a technical mean ing. Education might be saturated with Scripture and yet be secular. This meaning survived in the New South Wales Act which said — ' Secnlar instruction is held by this Act to include general religious teaching as distinct from dogmatical or polemical theology.' He had spent fifteen years in Victoria, and was in early life connected with the Education Department, and was somewhat familiar with the growth of public opinion on_ that matter there. The term '[secular' m Victoria was, for the first three years, interpreted as allowing re ligious instruction : but the growth of rabid secularism, which was a distinct sect there, with Sunday KTYUea, had made it possible fcf the EJucatfcw fcffpsrtment to expunge from the schoolooobi-oll reference to ruigion. A few weeks ago it vr** iri rea ia evidence that a teacher was (iemcHbiug how Wed- esday was derived from tSe IfAthea god ' \\\ oden,' and Thursday fronr '* Tlior,' and soon with the other day*, wiieirn little girl naturally put the qu^tion, ' W hart- does CbriBtmas mean?' aud the toucher bad to say, remembering th-; twelfth clause ( *-Mcb For bade him dealing with religion) :— ' Well, my dear, we must «o outline UAore I can explain that.' (Loud ironical el'eera.) Now, that was what Victoria had come to, an-1 he ra iDcmbered the time when if lie hid s.ii-l t? the moral men of Victoria that they wouli have submitted relijiiun to bucU iiuiir nitiee, tUey would have scornfully replied :? ' Is thy teryaot a dog that he should do th thing? Victoria uus reaping bitter fru. and opiniou was chau^ini;. Only a few *ee» ago at Gordon it woi, reported that ouly 1 1 cut of the thirty in the juuu class knew anything about Sinai » Ararat, and only two out of fortj six in the higher classes kuew anythiu about Noah. '1 hey were not hero so rai- idtv» their secularism as' Victoria, but ho ohjeote to the State favouring so unsavoury a sec is Secularism, as it did l-y keeping the Bible out of school hours. Outhe introduction of the present Act in 1875 they wore beguiled into accepting tbe permissive clause by being told the Bible was not legislated against. At the time hechara-:terized tbe national attitude is similar to tho Quaker iu ' Uncle Tom'a Cabin' who pushed the slave-dealer over the cliff with the polite j-hrase, ' Friend, thee isn't wanted here.' (Laugluer.) The Bi'tle svas i-olitely bowed out of the schnota. This ivas the practical and almost necessary effect )1 the existing law. It was most int^nionaly devised. There could only be Bible-reading before tbe school work commenced, aud ffhat did this meau T It meant that children ivust give up play for Bible-reading. (Hear, Jear.) That was au unfair comuetitiou. Che children had a rifilit to play, and witn 'our and a half hours' instruction doily it ivould be wrong to imnose longer hours. Then -he parents were lined, if be uii^Ut so put it, for they had to send their children^ at au earlier hour, and it meant the sacrifice of many little domestic services, and the chil irtn on the i-lay- ground were brought iuto unfair competition, for children of religious patents would have to endure the chaffiuz of those whose home instructions were not sa [noDOuuced. Under these Borious disabilities it wds no wonder that ouly 41 out of 411 school had Bible-reading at all. This con dition of ? things did not represent the parental miud of the colony. The ]-oll taken under the sanction of the Education Depart ment, which, he was gorry to see, hat! heen iealt with in a quibbling spirit, showed that ij,215 jiarents were in favour of Bible- readrujc, ind only 928 against it. H« would uov ?xpound the resolution, &ud; uivo reasors for its adoption. It remitted the matter to the parents, who vrere at once the moat interested and the most disinterested in th« luestion. Parents loved their children, and. oved che Bible too, and wiahed them to hare iistmction in that good book. Their wish -ujjht to be law. Politicians could not claiia to lie bo interested about other people's chil dren as the parents were themselves, and he thought it would it be wise for them notto oppose, in view of a general election, giving the larents power to settle this mat tor. Ic the Bible was put into regular school work, parents would be free from the disability of sending their children earlier, children, would be frte from the sacrifice of play for the Bible, and the Bible would! l-e free from unnatural competition; l'he resolution included 'undenominational explanations.' He meant no do»ma» but difficult words should be explained, geo graphical and historical allusions expoundedk and, above all, the great moral truths — suchi is bonesty, truthfulness, generosity, &c.;,. Bhould be enforced from the authority of the Bible, and this could be done as it was under the London School Board, ' without any attempt] to attach children to any particular.' denomination.' The resolution did noS make ? attendance compulsory. They ought to respect the religious opinion of those who- objected, and allow them to be engaged in. other secular instruction during the_ Bible lesson, as was also the practice in the London schools. In regard to the Catholic difficulty, he was prepared to make an . exceptional provision for them by allowing tbe priest or other authorized agent to give Catholic children Bible instruction ; in ? a-. separate class, and where practicable in a separate room. ThiB would guarantee the Catholics against the faith of their children being tampered with, and would allow them-i the eoreted opportunity of exerting the influ-i enee oi tiie Church over their own children. This proposal was fair in spirit, and repre sented; the utmost limit to which he could go. The Catholics could not say they were ignored or unfairly hampered. If thie resolution were - embodied in law its operations would be-, very simple, as it involved only a slight alteration. _ A schedule might be prepared! by the Minister of Education to be issued -? to all parei»*8 by the head-teacher when re quested to do so by say six parents. Thia circular would enable the parents to sayt whether they wished the Bible lesson in school hours, without compulsory i attendance,, and with no sectarian ? teaching. Tbe teacher might send ? the ? returns when complete to the Education.! Office,, and' from there the official decision i could be announced. This plan would settle - the prolDBged discussion so far as the advo«- cates af iiible instruction were concerned,', because they were willing to let the wish \ of. the parents be law. It ought to satisfy^ atfaers,. because if they object for thorn selves there would be no compulsory attendance enforced. He thought ? moat: would admit that education would i bo incomplete without the Bible. The State* bad undsrtaken primary education^ , audl secured a practical monopoly. Many private i schools where Bible-reading obtained had! been oloasd, and what the State undertook-. 3hould be done thoroughly. Wellington! yvieely slid that to educate the mind without improving the heart was to make '-clarer ievils.' The Bible waB the basis of inoEaisj, and the oaly authoritative standard of apwjoaL Morality could not be taught effectively; without rsferring to the divine moral lawv If i teacher sought to reprobate lying, aadlwaa iot permitted to allude to the GiieatGbd; )f Truth and His revealed XVi&i; he ,vould nsed to fall back upon, a. lower ilane o£ appeal, and speak, only, of ;he incaavenience of being fouad. out Laughter.) The materialistic 'LawAoftdlon- iequences' would be the highest istaoiddrdl of ippeaL This would be disastrous to htgh ioned morality. The Bible was ,th&: baaia of iistoryv and contained the only reoordio£ the earlier ages of the world. If youth ,gnew np ignorant of the Bible, then the allusions to Bible facts and persons to be met. with in general literature would be like an,unitnown tongaej and would convict theaa of/ imperfect aducation. He agreed with, EmaEsca and stherSj. who spoke of Buch. education as ''lopsided.' Ho was not tha man to relieve parents of their duty. (A voice — ' What is the Sunday-school doing?'); Ha did not imdere»timate the work off Ohmrches and Sunday-schools. That matter was summed ap in an epigram of Joseph. Cook's when lie said Sunday-schools wovo 'efficient but no* sufficient.' Less., than two hours i week was not enough. Bible instruo ;k)D, and if State schools- g&ve; Bible facts parents and Church wor kere coy Id build on that foundation, and more effectively teach spiritual religion. The State could not afford to allow the morals oi the youth to bo neglected. It was no use, contending for aa ideal state of perfection. in, uegard to parental : iuty, and allow the problem to solve itself in practical indifference to, the Bible and ita morals. Another reason he had for the adoption of the resolution, was that public opinion had pronounced ia its favour. When 3,215 parents said ' Y.as''to.Bible-readin/r, and* only 928 'No;' and wien the ayes represented 18,260 children and the noes only 2 034 it would be very unfair to allow so small a minority to overrate the wishes of Buch-a majority. We vzara d*mocratic in our form' of rule, and beliavcd ia ' Government by, the people and for the people,' and on 'that principle he claimed the settlement cfe thia question. A final reason was that wherever Bible instrucijoa had been tried it was a. proved snccee3. Gladstone bad said the, 'religious difficulty when it came to. practice, was insignificant amd was a difficulty made, rather for Parliament and debate than, for the school;' The London School BoardJa operations wer» eminently eatisfactorx. Mr. MundalK tie \ ice-presideafc eaid; dk July U he 'had received only oae complaint 'fer the three j»an he kad administered the Education Act, and, the London School Board dealt, with 30*000 chddie*. (Cheers.) Only 1 in 4,0«- was withdrawn om account of ths religion* diffi culty in Loodon, *ith its varied naSaonali ties. In Eipon (in Yorkshire) out of 87,621 * -5^W6ir? withdrawn- Iq St. Albana out of 25,29? oaly 63 were withdrawn. In Lien field out of 72,645 only *7 were withdrawn Hx Birmingham, after seven or eight years' cxpeniaenting withoai Bible-reading, they bad returned to theijr first lova and decided to have Bible-readiag on December 4, 1880. In 'America, New South Wales, Tasmania and, indeed, in SiMith Australia too up ta 5™m,Bw«n years ago, tbe reading of tha .Bible did not create any religious difB cnlty. An ounce of faith, he thought was worth a bnanel of tboorizings. (Ohears.) beemg the term ' secular' had undergone a disastrous change, and the fad fruits' of it were abounding in Victoria ; remembering the insurmountable difficulties in the exiatin' permissive law, and the decisive character of the parents' poll ; calling to mind the fair proposals and simple operation! of his resolu toon, which if legalized would settle this mucb-vtx-d question ; and observing fttf % ^rious flaw in moral education would be trap Plied by Bible instruction, which had proved a success wherever tried, he clataecLthejTOte of every intelligent and fair-minded elector _ on behalf of the resolution* _ (Cheers.) .... .. ?jlfc S. B. jRudaij, seconded- the 'propoair ' tionl Treatise he thought the young of to-day would be those who would in the future make' the colony, and they wanted something better than a fitness for mere money-making, and no better principles could be found than in the Bible. (Hear, hear.) He thought they ought to do all the? could to get thia matter carried by their legislators, and if they would not, then turn them out. (Cheers.) Mr. J. Gbeenway supported the resolution, which was carried amid cheers, there being only two hands held up against it. A vote of thanks to the Mayor for presid intr plnspd the meetinz. 