THURSDAY MORNING, OCTOBER ?'/. In the early part of the present session of Parliament it was generally supposed that some changes would be made in the educational department, and in fact in the entire system of teaching in the public schools. At that time the districts of Franklin and East Devon sent in peti tions, signed by some 499 residents in all, in favor of what is called ' Payment by results,' or in other words, in favor of reviving State aid to religion. This question, it will be remembered, was settled many years since. Mr Anstey, a Roman Catholic member, first introduced a bill providing for the total abolition of aid to the churches, without any condi tional equivalent whatever in the shape of a lump sum, but a committee of the House re-modelled tlie bill by substituting for the annual grant of £15,000 (which was reserved for ecclesiastical purposes under the Constitution Act) the sum of £100,000, to be paid in debentures to the several churches receiving State aid, in proportion to their numbers, as shown by the census. The bill was passed through both Houses of the Legislature in this amended form, but it was dis allowed by the Queen, as it made no pro vision for the stipends of the clergy who held appointments from the Crown at the time. Some years elapsed before the question was again submitted in a definite way; but at length an ' Act to abolish State aid to religion on certain terms' was passed by Parliament, and received the Queen's assent. The price paid by the colony for thus putting an end to the constant rappings at the door of the Treasury on behalf of the churches was £100,000 ; and in addition to that sum the salaries of all incumbents who held office at the time were to be continued until they retired on their pensions or died. Thus it was ordained to sever all connection between Church and State at once and for ever. In subsequent legis lation the principle has been steadily adhered to. The State is iudifierent as to what religion a man professes. Whether he be a Jew, a Gentile, or a believer in any of the thousand and one doctrines of Christianity, he is subject to the same statutes, is liable to the same punish ments for misbehaviour, and to the same ; rewards for good citizensliip. So com- j pletely has the old system of mixing up ! civil and religious matters been exploded that the Government is prohibited by law from bestowing any gift upon a religious body, and even in taking the census no enquiries are made about religious views, these being matters of a purely personal character in which it is assumed the Government have no right to interfere. It is therefore' surprising that the peti tioners of Franklin and East Devon (who with doubtful propriety style themselves 'the Roman Catholics of Tasmania') 1 should seek to revive a question whose disturbing elements, so pregnant of unsatisfactory results in former times, j have happily been set at rest. It may be 1 contended tliat there is no affinity between the old system of paying the clergy of certain denominations and the proposed system of payment by results, that is to say, paying schoolmasters to inculcate the tenets of religious bodies to children in the public schools. The only difference we can see between the two systems is rather in favor of the former, because in that instauce j pecuniary aid was given to institutions already rooted and full grown. Under the latter system the Government would be sowing the seed and rearing the tender plant of sectarianism, a process which would be destructive of the common interests of the community. The peti tioners to whom we have referred com plain that the present system of public education is of such a nature tliat they cannot under its provisions ' bring up their tenets and teachings of their church in the all important question of educa tion.' They ask that the grievances coin plained of be remedied ' by the adoption of a system fair to all sections of the com munity, whereby the denominational schools could be visited by Government Inspectors, and the children therein examined in the same subjects of secular instruction as are the children in State schools, and on the Inspector's report and certificate as to the required standard of proficiency having been reached, payment to be made accordingly.' Much as we respect, and are pre pared to defend, the religious rights of the Roman Catholics whenever they may happen to be assailed from without, we connot reconcile the view taken by the petitioners with our notion of what is best. We apprehend that religion forms no part of the course of education aimed to be imparted by the Government at a cheap rate, in order that our future men and women may be possessed of that knowledge which will enable them to take part in the struggle of life, and to unite with their fellow citizens in improving the State edifice, aud in' mffmore advanced condition than they found it. We appre hend that to educate children under a system that would practically exclude the offspring of one sect of religious wor shippers from mixing in school exercises with the offspring of auother sect would have a most undesirable effect in after life. Who would like to sec a system founded on such exclusive principles carried out from boyhood to manhood, and so on to tlic end of tlie chapter ? ; Who with an impartial judgment would j not repudiate an attempt iu commercial circles to draw a line between merchants and tradesmen on account of the particular religion to which they belong ? Yet to such a result the principle of separating sect from sect in schools would tend. We are aware that there are many excellent Christian men who have fallen into the views entertained by the late Archbishop Vaughan on this subject, and they have as much right to an opinion as have thev who differ from them. They consider that no education can be complete which is not permeated by religion ; but they do not remember that the State only asks four hours out of the day for secular education, and that the pupils have the remaining hours in wliich to receive religious instruction from their parents who, as Archdeacon Slattery contended in liis evidence before the Victorian School Commission, arc the prop 3r persons to educate their children ; | and they have in. like manner their own 1 religious instructors. It is doubtless a j question upon which a diversity of opinion J will ever prevail'; but we think tlie principle we advocate possesses tlie strongest point of the argument. Yesterday was the date fixed for re ceiving tenders for the construction of the Mersey and Deloraine Railway, and the Minister of Lands it appears has received more offers than he had reason to expect for so small a work. The lowest tender, £S1,057, is tliat of Mi David Proudfoot, of Armidale, New South Wales ; aud the highest of the others goes up to £113,045. The difference, £31,988, is so wide that it is just questionable whether tlie lowest tender will be accepted. Uontractors m this aud the adjoining colonies have gone to considerable expense in calculating quantities, to enable them to make safe estimates of the expenditure necessary to fully comply with the plans, specifications, and conditions of contract. Above that they must allow something for casualties, and a margin for profit. We presume Mr Proudfoot has taken all these matters into consideration, and liis agent, Mr Robertson, is at Hobart prepared, w« trust, to offer material guarantees tliat the conditions of contract shall be com plied with. We are informed that amongst the tenders received is one from Messrs. Overend and Robb, who constructed the Launceston and Deloraine line. Mr Proudfoot lias had great ex perience in connection with laying down street tramways, and in other important pub!ic works in New Zealand and the Continental colonies. He may, there fore, be quite competent to construct the Mersey and Deloraine line for £2200 per mile. Receiving Stolen Property. — On the night of the 30tli of June, between 8 aud 11*30, the cabin of the ketch Flora Mac donald was broken into and an open- cased verge wafch, with the name of Robert Towan engraved on the case, a pair of oil skin pants, and a blue guernsey were stolen from it. The watch was returned to ths owner, Robert Towan, and from enquiries made by Constable Windsor, he found the watch had been stolen by a man named James Heenan and sold to another, who saw the name and returned it to the owner. Heenan was arrested by Con stable Windsor, and was brought up at the Police Court yesterday on a cliarg# of receiving stolen property, and remanded Sill Friday. False Pretences. — Arthur James Ritchie was arrested at Ben Lomond a few days ago, on a charge of obtaining the sum of £1 13s, at Beaconsfield, by means of false pretences. He was conveyed to Beaconsfield yesterday by the steamer, in charge of Constable Leslie, of the Selby ; police force, to answer the charge there. The 'Illustrated Acstraxi an News.' — We have received from Messrs. Hudson aud Hopwood tlie Illustrated Australian Xcu;s for October. On the title page is a , fine view of the new English, Scottish, , and Australian Chartered Bank, at the I corner of Queen and Collins streets, Mel bourne. The other illustrations are 'Maori girls bathing by Moonlight,' 'Native graves,' 'Scenes in court iu the Bolam divorce case,' ' Irrigation in ?. Riverena,' 'Improvements on the Yarra j — removing the falls,' 'Queen-street, Auckland,' ' Wire Suspension Bridge over the Taipo River, on the Hokitiki road,' and illustrations of the dog ques tion. 'The Australian Journal. ' — We have received from Messrs. Walch Bros, aud Birchall the Australian Journal for October. The leading tale is ' Woman's Devotion,' followed by a 'Duel 'with Pills,' ' The Double Life, ' 'The Pawn broker's Drawer,' 'The Regenade's Fate,' 'A Tale of a Ghost,' 'How we Got Married,' and a great variety of other popular reading matter. The Northern Horticultural Snow.' — The spring show of flowers aud vege tables will be held in the Pavilion to day. The public will be admitted afternoon and evening .* non-subscribers a shilling, and children half-price. The St. Joseph's Band, under the leadership of Mr Harri son, will go through the following pro gramme in the evening : — Quickstep, ''Many happy returns of the day'. (Smith) ; quadrille, ' Promenade ' (Coote) ; polka, ? ' Bric-a-brac' (Coote) ; waltz, ' The Rustic Queen' (Smith) ; quickstep, ' Where Daisies Grow'! (Smith) ; selection, ' Grand Duchess' (Offenbach) ; polka, ' Butterfly Ball' (Coote) ; waltz, ' Winnifred' (Marriott); galop, 'Flossie' (Smith); ' God save the Queen.' Cornwall Insurance Company. — A special meeting of the above company was held at the office, St. John-street, at 12.30 yesterday, for the purpose of con sidering a resolution tliat the existing j term of co-partnership of the company, wliich will expire on the 5th November next, shall be extended from that date for such further period, not exceeding 14 years, as shall be determined upon. After a little discussion it was decided to adjourn the meeting until Monday, 15th inst., at 11.30, when the resolution will be considered. St. Joseph's Band. — This oldestab lished band will shortly commence a series of promenade concerts in the Invalid Depot grounds, under the con ductorship of Sir George Harrison, late of Victoria. Longford Shoyt Day.— By notice in yesterday's Gazette, His Excellency has been pleased to declare Wednesday next, 10th instant, a general holiday at the public offices and banks in Launceston, Longford, and Deloraine. Why not in Evandale and Westbury ? United Ancient Order of Druids. — We have received from the secretary of the Hearts of Oak lodge copy of a report of the half- yearly meeting of the Grand Lodge of Australia, held on the 4th ult. at the Masonic Hall, Melbourne. The auditors report tliat the amount received for the Funeral Fund during the past I quarter was £793 lis 3d, and the dis ij u. „u, 1 o-mrrounted to £425. For the Incidental tuna rne sum 01 iiwus *11, was received, and £309 lis lOd paid away. The present credit balance of the funeral fund is £S292 Gs lid. A table attached to the report shows the total funds of the Order in Australia, at the end of June last, amount to £28,252 13s lAd. Excursion to Roseyears. — The s.s. Indignaut, the fastest and most popular steamer trading on the Tamar, made the first of a season of Wednesday afternoon excursions yesterday, startiug from the wharf at 3 p.m. sharp, reaching her destination, llosevcars, about 4*10 p.m. : The weather was very wariu and conse- ; qucntly a short trip on the river was ; most enjoyable. The run down tbe Tamar against a refreshing sea breeze was pleasant and invigorating, and all on board expressed themselves highly de lighted at. their outing. After a short stay at Rosevears, during which some of the excursionists were fortunate in securing some beautiful bunches of wild clematis, the Indignant returned and reached town at about 0*40 p.m. We trust Mr G. Harrap, the agent of the steamer, will be well supported by the townspeople so that lie can make these Wednesday afternoon trips an established institution tlirougliout the summer. On Wednesday next the Indignant litis been chartered to go on a pleasure excursion to George Town, but the Wednesday follow ing she will make another trip to Rose vears. Anniversary. — The anniversary of the Loyal Cornwall Lodge M.U. will be cele brated by a tea meeting and concert in the Meclianics' Institute, at an early date. Further particulars will appear in a few days. Soiree Dansakte.— A promenade con- j Cert and soiree dansante, in conjunction ! ?witlrilarge distribuiion of gifts, will b.3 hild'in the Pavilion,' Toiivn Park, next Wednesday evening. Messrs. Ash and Sou intimate that their hail' restorer is justly celebrated for its wonder ful restorative powers, and tliat their baking powder is now used iu preference to the many imported articles. Messrs. Burdou and Son notify that they have for sale several new and secondhand vehicles, including buggies, ph;ctons, etc. Sir R. C. Tole invites inspection of his stock of boots and shoes, and also states that only the best material is worked up at his establishment. Me i-srs. l?oles and Jones notify to the public j of Launceston that they have' engaged Sir Murphy as general niauager of their drapery department, and as he has had a large experi ence in London and colonial houses, they take great pleasure iu introducing him to the public. The clothing and tailoring department is still under the management of Mr .Jones. Messrs. Overell and Company intimate tliat they have received ex Essex, via Melbourne, their first direct shipment specially intended for the Launceston trade, comprising all the latest novelties. 