The Advertiser WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 1, 1883. CONSIDERATE progress was made with the Land Bill in committee by the mem- <*> bers of the Lower House on Tuesday, and there is a great probability of the measure reaching the Legislative Council before the cud of the present month—perhaps in the course of a week or two. Clause 3 extends Use abolition of interest payments to all selections made since the pass ing of the liand Act of 1873, and credits the selector with all interest payments he has made since the < Ist January, 1879, as so much purchase money, exaapt the fjrst payment of 10 per cent, whan he agreed to purchase the lajid. It must be or ought to be pleasant to any. investor suddenly to find all the cash he has been parting with as interest con verted into principal, and reckoned as so much of the capital cost of his proj>erty. There are many private speculators whose astonishment would equal their delight were they to find themselves treated with such liberality; but favors of this kind can only be expected from a paternal Go vernment, dependent for Us existence to a large extent upon the persons favored. Tliis particular concession is very compre hensive. It is not confined to distressed selectors, to those whose .holdings are in dry country, to those who have had too much water, or to farmers who have reaped poor crops ; it embraces all who have purchased since some time in 1878. It is not sutprislng that a few members of Parliament should hesitate about giving relief in this wholesale manner, alike to those arho need it and to those who do not; to men who have got their land cheaply, and others who have given for their holdings more than they are worth. It is not reasonable to speak of men as illiberal and as being unfriendly to the farmers becaute they are not prepared to go so far as this. There are great numbers of farmers who will not share in these bene fite, bat will, with the test of the com munity, have sooner or later to be taxed to make up for the money thus sacrificed. Of oausp it must be borne in mind that the jono?swon only relates to interest; thejrica tyntanotadtp be given for the Luafw^B O tbereduc f d. Mr. Playford and the Commissioner of Gfjajvp. Lands submitted opposing figure*, 4be former to show the propriety aad practicability of discruai&atiou; in tha granting of such a concession, and the latter to prove its difficulty and undesirability. Mr. Playford is doubtless right in saying that the relief might safely be granted without distinction to all selectors outside Goyder'e line of rainfall; but Mr. Catt's statistics showed that some of the hun dreds within that line yielded a3 poor crops as the land beyond it. The Commissioner of Crown Lands further j stated that out of thirty-six comities only serc-n had yielded an average of more than six bushels of wheat per acre during the last three years, and that even in those counties about half the selectors had reaped such poor ftrops that they were entitled to the concession if that was the ground upon which it was to be granted. Mr. Catt shows an evident desire not to be saddled with the responsibility of exercising any discretionary power, and under the circumstances this is not to be' wondered at. Another conversion was avowed during this debate. Mr. Oolton upon consideration has come to doubt whether the Commissioner of Crown Lands could have done anything else than lie has with regard to the administration of the surrender clawes, by which the colony has lost £150,000, more or less. Even in this time of sudden if not mira culous conversions, such an announcement would naturally have a somewhat startling effect upon the House, coming so soon after Mr. Colton's vehement censure of Mr. Catt's action in this matter. Of course, if an eminent statesman finds or believes that he lias been in the wrong, a candid acknowledgment of his error is very incoming, and in some circumstances may be incumbent upon him ; but still then- sudden changes of opinion, with out any apparent cause, are a sign of weakness, and must diminish the influence of anyone aspiring or accustomed to take a leading part in politic?. The question at issue when Wr. Colton supported Mr. Colea's amend ment condemning the administration of the surrender clauses had been some time before the public There was the Act to l>e consulted, and it might reasonably have been expected that an ex-Premier, and the foster parent of tho present Ministry, would have given exhaustive consideration to the subject under dis cusEsion before speaking for an amend ment that if carried must have produced a Ministerial crisis, and probably a dis solution. The efleet of this recantation is obvious. \Mien next Mr. Colt in, in earnest tones and with emphatic gestures, denounces the Action of * Ministry, members will be apt' to shrink from fol lowing his lead for fear that in the course of a few days he should cry peccavL Mr. Playfotd's amendment for granting the concession with discrimination, instead of to all selectors since 1878, was nega tived, so that if this clause passes through both Houses in its present form interest payments will cease except on the older selections, if there are any that have not been brought under the later Acts. The clause is not to apply to persons who do not reside on their selections. Mr. Boun- j sevell endeavored to induce the House to i include them, but was defeated by a large majority. Inhere is a general determination among the member* of the Assembly to uphold thoroughly the principle that our liberal land system, with all its yearly ex tensions and improvements, is intended to enCOUrage the of a genuine class of agriculturists living upon their farms, and not to give facilities for mere land speculation. The wattle clause oecupecal much attention, Mr. Playfprd, pointing out how this flection might be abused,though he cordially approved Of' ita ibjefct. The intention v that any selector may under the cultivation con dition grow wattles inirtwwl of wheat, acre for acre, and it is to be left to the discretion of the Commis sioner to see that the wattle cultivation is not a sham. There was some discussion ?a to where Uuse trees will and where they will not grow. No one having any acquaintance with the subject will believe tat a moment that they can be raised in the dry region north of Goyder's line of nMnrWH. It may be accepted as a rule ? that wattles only thrive on good soil, whether in the billa or on the plains, aud where the rainfall is sufficient for wheat production, bat it is noue the less de sirable to encourage their cultivation. I After they have been planted for! two or three years. t|? ground can be used for geasing purposes, and in the course of fire or six yean the trees are old-enough to be stripped of their bark, ' . which is scarce aud has at all times com manded a ready and profitable market. The wood, if within easy reach of a town i or railway, is valuable for fuel. Wattle i | cultivation is in fact an industry specially \ suited to the country, and it is to be -hoped tliat the next few years will Bee it hugely developed. The leasing principle ia adopted in the Bill, which iuvites selectors who fed their agreements inirdensomo to change their credit pur chaseacf the.laud for twenty-one years' leases, at a minimum annual rental of 3d. per acre, renewable for another twenty- Oite yeaa, without any right of purchase. tVhether the minimum tent is not too low, and the leases are not too long, are questions with which the Assembly has yet to deaL Fresh complic&tion;? seem to gather ruuud tte aonexatian qaestkm with nearly every day's advent. It is all the more impera tive therefore that it should be persistently canvassed and patiently considered, with a view to its settlement one way or another. The French are 4-hiw.fcMMiig to lay their hands upon the inlands, and very likely mean to fulfil the threat. A project of this sort has just enough of dash and bluster to commend itself to the nation, and not too much of danger or of sacrifice. Doubtless they hare among themselves their own share of brave and intrepid fellows, bat somehow as a people they often mistake glitter for glory, and embark upon enterprises that rather take from than add to their ancient national renown. Besides is not colonisation just one of the works they have hitherto shown them selves incapable of achieving '{ Let it be supposed—it is a charitable and even perhaps a gratuitous supposition—that they wished to act the true colonist's part to these barbarous people, is there any good reason why it should be thought that they will succeed as the pioneers of a high civilisation and the procurers of a genuine prosperity ? Judging from both past and present, none. That looks to be the tiling they cannot do. Able to do many things well, and to do some things better than others, they seem unable to colonise. Moreover, what would be the result to the natives them selves if ttey entered into their island homes and took possession ? Their amelio tatiou or improvement? That certainly lias not been the result before. Indeed, no such object has ever been avowed as forming even a subordinate part of their scheme of annexation. They would seem to be actuated by no other motive than that of national aggrandisement or com mercial ambition. Colonisation schemes do not even under British rule benefit the original possessors of the territory, but at least the English will in these seas do all they possibly can for the inferior race ; will put down a labor traffic that is like slavery; and will not discharge the out pourings of gaols upon the fairest spots on eaith. The English can establish real colonies with vast industries and trade and free institutions—colonies that grow into states making no mean figure in the ?world. But for years and even for cen turies the French nation, spite of many deeds of daring in war, and many fruits of industry in peace, has shown itself some what shallow, fickle, and volatile, often moved by heroic purpose, but wanting in patience and steadiness. It will no doubt be asked what better right hare we to the islands than they? In point of law of course we hare none. According to the canons of absolute justice we cannot step out be fore the world and say, contemptuous and admonitory of all other claimants—these islands are ours. Kb, nor can any other cation take up an attitude like that. It therefore follows that the decision must be arrived at on quite other grounds. Why then should we colonists of Australasia entertain the idea of annexation at all 1 The reply is that in some cases at least the islanders themselves wish it, and this is especially the case with the inhabitants of the New Hebrides. Like so many of those defenceless people that dwell in the islands of the sea they have suffered time after tune in life and limb from the attacks of the European invaders, aad they greatly desire the termination of a state of matters so critical and uncertain as that; and because, although individual English men may have illtreatcd then:, they have already received much kind ness for nearly a generation from the British nation, as represented not by political officers but by Christian mis sionaries, it is now their own expressed wish to be taken formally under English control. On the other side, again, the enquiry forces itself upon our notice whether it is right in us who have the power, inclination, and opportunity, to allow the French to seize these places ? Would Australians be justified in standing aeide and looking on at their annexation by the French—if annexed they must be —when it is known almost for certain that the issue would be the depopulation, degradation, and possibly utter extermi nation of the natives ? Bat even waiving this point there is the instinct of self preservation and the principle of self icterest to be dealt witlu The law of self-defence is admitted as a just one by &1L And while not seeking to injure others, it is surely our duty to protect ourselves. And it seems just now that the best way in which that can be done is by having these places and their people taken under the Imperial wing by providing them with some kind of government; and in this- way con serving our own interests we shall no less secure theirs, for we should thereby pledge ourselves to act as their guardians, and provide them a garrison so long as they were under ours way. Bat now, leaving the general ques tion, it may be asked what is the position of South Australia in 'regard to it? According to the Chief Secretary's statement about a week ago in the House of Assembly Sooth Australia alone refuses U> join the united movement for its accomplishment. Can it be that the recent dispatches anent the Northern Territory have so revealed the insecurity of our tenure there that the hon. gent'eman has come to the conclu sion that we have nothing at stake ? Hie impression has. been growing that the fori?rMiini of these colonies was simply a matter of time, and that somehow the profit or loss, the injury or improvement, of one would affect them all. Or again, hare the instructions to Sir Arthur Blyth "sot to sign the memorandum been sent because the heads of the Cabinet are full of other projects of greater moment; or because there has been of late, and may yet be for some time to come, a too exces sive drain on the public purse oa account of peculiarly conditioned and administered land Bills? No doubt the first doty of the colony is self-improvement. To develop our own resources—every thing must give way to that. But surely that is not incompatible with showiug some interest in and undertaking some responsibility towards issues that do not directly touch ourselves apart from the other colonies. The truth is the ways of the Government are past finding out. For we dare not attach any importance to to that "disrespectful" report that reaches us from Melbourne about Sir W. Morgan. As if forsooth the policy of the Hon. Mr. Bray could be indebted for even the smallest favor to a man who, had he been bow in the Legislative Council, would likely have occupied a seat on the Oppo sition benches! No, that rumor must be at once discarded as incredible, as it seems to have been when uttered. Perhaps it is as probable that the Ministry do not quite know the principle of their own procedure in this and some other things, and so it is no wonder that we are igno rant of it too. But it does seem a pity that the}'should at this stage of the move ment have refused to join with the other co-signatories, because it may very well happen that in so doing they have not only prevented any immediate settlement of the annexation question, but that they have thrown another obstacle in the way of the negotiations for a confederated Australia. Even if the Ministry thought they could not support the demand for the annexation of the New Hebrides in face of the agreement between France and England that neither should annex them, Sir Arthur Blyth might still have been instructed to assure the other Agente- General of the cordial co-operation of South Australia with the other colonies in the application to the Home Govern ment to sanction the annexation of New Guinea. ! Probably few persons were astonished at the intelligence that the informer Carey had been killed by one of the sympathisers with his confederates whom he encouraged in crime, then betrayed, and was finally the chief means of consigning to the gallows. What has been Carey's fate might have been Brady's or that of some other one of the assassins had the authorities chosen to accept his evidence instead of tiiat of the wretch who has just been shot down like a dog at Port Eliza beth. The cowardice and brutality dis tinguishing the Phoenix Park murders were afterwards fully equalled by the meanness and treachery with which the miscreantssougfateach to save his ovqnee)& at the expense of hie partners in There are individuals in the world, though not in this portion of It, "who profeaa a fellow-feeling with the murderers of Lord Cavendish and Mr. Burke, and speak of them as martyrs ; but for Carey no human being, however depraved, could possibly entertain the slightest sympathy, or dis cover anything in his character or be haviour to redeem in the faintest degree the immeasurable infamy of his conduct. Rebel and loyalist, rogue and honest man, the bully and the true hero, the cruel and the tender-hearted, all alike must hold him in abhorrence too deep to be ex pressed in words, and can only see in hU fate a well-merited punishment for bis diabolical misdeeds. O'Donaeil, who slew him, wiil in all probability suffer death for that which he has inflicted, but this will be no legitimate cause for regret, as it may be taken for granted that he belongs to the inner circle who have been attempting to right what they are pleased to term the wrongs of Ireland by assassination. It is reported that some of the wretches are on the way to these shores in the Pathan, and it is to be hoped that whether they land here or in one of the neighboring colonies they will be kept under strict surveillance. Their life can. only be one of terror and wretchedness. Those of them who are informers will be tortured with a constant' fear of their miserable existence being brought to an end by the - knife or the bullet. The fate of Carey will con stantly haunt them. But those of the brotherhood of assassinatioa who have not turned traitor to their comrades will not find many to admire their faithfulness to an abominable cause. They may not have .sunk to the lowest depths of base ness, but their villainy is sufficient to draw upon them the just exe cration of every person with a spark of humanity or decent feeling. Wan derers upon the face of the earth, their only chance of tolerance, and any approach to peace or quiet, is to forsake their evil and murderous courses, and if possible utterly conceal their identity. Neither aggaanitntHnn nor the dynamite business can be carried on so long in these colonies as in the old country, and any individuals who may think fit to practice such arts in these provinces will find that Australians are of the opinion, upon which they will promptly act, that she best use to which such'creatures can be put is to hang them. Xbe incoming nuul stou&cr; AustrAlift m frighted at Albany at IL3O last night An intimation ma gim by the ChieC Secretary in the House of Assembly oa Ton day afternoon, in answer to a question asked by the Hon. J. Oarr, that it is expected the section of the railway to the Victorian border from Aldgate to Keirne will be ready for opening about the beginning of October next. A diner; srion took, place in the Upper Home on Tuesday on the subject of the scarcity of labor, when the Commtssiaaer of Public Works stated that relief work* had been opened on flu Kairne railway line, and that 100 of the unemployed were ttjjeave that day for the scene of work. A Bill empower ing the City Corporation to open a road through Yictoria-equare, passed in first read ing. The second reading of the measure, which was introduced by the Hon. EL Scott, was. fixed for Tuesday next. Leave was given to the Commissioner of Crown Lands in the House of Assembly on Tuesday to introduce a Bill providing for the conservation of water. It was explained that the measure will provide for the formation of water districts and the establishment of boards of control. These bodies are to have power to levy rates for the payment of the interest on loans to be advanced by the Government for conserving water, and to meet the necessary working expense* in con nection with their opentfMs. The members of the Legislative Council are cot jet satisfied with the Married Woman's Property BSL On Taesday there was only one clause to be dealt with, and after that bad been passed the measure, on a dinaia?, was recommitted. The Hon. D. Murray endeavond to latter clause 1 by striking out rnihsectton three, bat the attempt eaded in defeat. Then the Commusioaer of Public Works moved for the excision of new clause A, added to the Bill in committee last week on the iKrtiiiMi of the Hon. Mr. Baker. This gave tbe lister gentleman an opportunity off iP?jjMing xo the' Strictures passed on Urn ?B^CsMlay's Rggitlsr oaae countof the clause which bad bees inserted in riw? Ftni qm hi? wriim, Afiifnttnjr fa> bon. gentteman, "if tiie English language was tmdenriandalue the article in the BcjStUr plainly eaid be was either a fool or a knave," He defended the-dense, and accused tbe writer of the artfciwi being ignorant of the subject on whkh>e had written. The Hon. H.Soott,whDfaadnade amendment* to the Hon. Mr. Baker's clause, which that gentleman bad aoseptsa, said tikat when the whole ?f the members of the Council were treated, in sash a supercilious ?tanner as therhadfceeciby the BtgisCr. she House ought to tekt exception to it If they did not they weeTdew^regarded ai baisc in the peatfarTiaM?atod "by an America*, who, in answer to a question, said he bad been seven years in a penetentiary, but he ?fc?itfc-?i God be bad never fallen so law as to become a member of Congress.: After a discussion the chuue was allowed to *tand. The Bill is to be further sonsidered on Tuesday next, when efforts will be made to amend tbe Hon. Mr. Baker's clause. After a long debate, adjourned from week to weeK for a contidciable time-fiist. the Crown Lands Bin was on Tuesday afternoon read a second time in tbe lower House, Toe discussion was resumed by Mr. Wgnp;-^ that hon, member agreeing to support the second reading of the mil on tbe n"'''MMlsiiiliiii> Hi?* the measure would be considerably ??""'?viinl in committee. He objected to tbe abolition of all interest payments, but foresaw that there would be some difficulty in discrimi nating as to the cases in which the eonces -eion should be made. After Mr. Henning*? speech, in which that hon. member with some warmth replied to tbe strictures passed on him by Mr. Kingston, tbe Gommisaoner of Crown Lands brought the disousaon to a close by answering the various objections made daring the course of the debate. la defence of the policy of the Government not to attempt any ?ii?CTiminvi^n in accepting surrenders under the Bill, but to treat the whole of the selectors alike, he urged that the whole colony had during the last three or four Scan suffered from drought, and the position was one which called for legislation of a general, not special character. It ?ra*vl|a> pointed out, contrary to the nrintipies under lying all our and legislation flat the circum stances of any man should be inquired into with a view of ascertaining whether or not be could afford the loss to which he had beea subjected. The Bill was then read a second1 "time, no division being taken, and aome hours were spent in considering the measure in committee. In clause 3, which provides for the surrender of agreements to allow of the abolition of interest, Mr. Playfori sought to make an amendment which would have the effect of extending the application of the clause to selector* only who hold land within the limits to be denned by a schedule. The ban. gentleman wished to give the eonoetaioni provided for to all selectors be yond the rainfall line, or aome lina* approximating to it; and in cases inside the line <xdy to those seteotors who satisfied tbe Commissioner that they bad a fair claim for relief. The House were, lio west: again* Mr. Playford on this point, and pi ?mood, ment was negatived, An amendmeat moved by Mr. Bounseveu to apply the conniwrioasi grven by the third clause to selectors under the ?ftn^tttfni of substituted residence, as well as to those personally resident on the land, was also njected on a division by twenty-four vatss to eight. The. seventh clause was altered so as to provide fthat any selector who shall plant and keep planting to the —tinfarHon of the Commissioner vat lets than one-fifth of tbe land with wattles. or wUh cereals ami wattles, shall be deemed to fcave complied with tke conditions of his agreement. The committee obtainedleave to sit again on Thursday* - . Mrs. Hampton conducted th* last revival istto services cf her mission in the Town Hall on Tuesday. The mid-day meeting was one orthemostsuooessfulyet held, .These ser vices have been growing in popularity since the cominerjoementoiau mission. At first they were attended by< about 200 persons, ', botj the number baa gradually Increased, ' and on Tuesday *h? bodj of thehall was not large enough to oontain the crowd ihat as cemhled. In the evening the sttendsnoe waa again very great, and every inch, of avaihible space in the hall and galleries being occupied the gates wen closed toprevsnt overcrowd ing. A crowd quiokb/gathered amundthe gates, and then it was announced <hat an "overflow Hauling" would be conducted in the Pirie - street Wetleyan ? liectute - hall. A Jarge crowd >swtfmhlsfl at the over flow meeting, which - was suceeasfuQy conducted by the Beys. J. B. "^^""^"^ffi and VT. B. Hiddkstone; At the Town Hall meet ixg the openiuj; serrieea were oondneted by the Bey. A. IB; Webb. Mrs. Hampson took saber text the w?wJa, b> the God ssd I^aerof bnrliOxd.Jesus Christ, which, accoraingtb His *i?i"^a??t mec^y hath be gottenna again imtt a livery hope by the resurrection of Jesas.Cnrist.xrom the dead.' Peter. L, 9. fln dMdedVher address into. two'SpsrtVsnd iar <&te; rlose of the first half afted all who hsd received benefit &nxul; rthexaSssipxiV? stand up. In response ?s> urge nmnber of pldsnd yotmg rose to their £cet in various parts of the haU. The after-meeting was targsly attended, and ? ?wmber. ot penttanta sought dirsetion hi "tbeL enqniry-room. ITp tor 10 o'clock ' "cniDwaday evening^ 300 jcomrerU' tickets, cntiOmk'Uia holders^ a reserved asat at the vss?dictory pnbttO:.masting and a.n?Kn. ' IbraiM?jampalet,Hah<w>aritshibntrd. To-day ' tbeim^^symeetintwaibebeH4nfliePMe ,steeetl>oUp?hail.Baa to-night fanweU tea ?nd M^K^'aspetiags ptOllieiendared to Mrs, -3EumpsmT?n4hsJDswn Ha?. Ths first isne of edfeets, I^oo ta nmnbar, hkva an been fs^ y?^ HAm ?m?'iiliij m nJHWi^MI gM win be baaed, botxtt moneywill be taken at&he; IntteXtgistiHve OwaacflonTaeaday nex% ? the Commissiorjer?f Public Works is to move . for leave to inrroflnfo a Bill to regulate the construction of tramways. A?ignij|Bsnt fact jrlft -regard to tite labor . markst, writes our snipping reporter, was ohtn laliln on gaesdsy mninaTng. when over l^snemploysd rtsiniiaiui 'and <*arfaien wgreoouuted at flic Bsrstaff steps. Port' Ade laSte, :' ' ;>' ." \ . : , -Tbe rarideuee ?* the Bomsn|CaUimie Bishop (Dr. BeynoIdB)on West-terrace has* ' latdy been, enlarged^ and very moch iat \- ? proved. The icilt is that the hsose now jaaento an elegant ?ppearanae,and is a de ciaedonmme?t to tie tasxaoe. "kr. Cog?n is to ask the Chief Secretary in , ttoHooseofAstetnl^thuafteTnooawlK&er; tfas G aisH ntmd introdoctiiig a BiH : oNzritigtbepretentseasioa for tfaeparposeof T&jn;% Applla-Vai 'imtlit x aa < "' r~-r*nm*nA*A Ky 'Htm ??l??]r JUMMnifrf^ u| "I^SL ; I . ' - ?-?.' ] ??, AtfMntionssto?hstiwv it k the intention ' \- CacflicGoiwinpwrt topfOMil? tfaawt in ri^ w** ' Tjbemi?htT Toted'to nominated tmmU?attati sbooldbeexpended only in the importation : . jot Bagntfa, Irish; sad Sootoh, is to be asked ! ?yMr.<]eglminthe Home of Assembly to aay. ,? :? .. ? .-? . - ": Thetsnaden afeaSi of AdeUide Franken bag, wHc of Hi Frankenbs?X* tobacconist { ..StnOeyjatnet, saa rsported at tte Polka ' fltatto?i Sorwood, on Monday SAernoon. Thedeceaaed-wBS round dead in her yard, in KingWSHam-street, Kent Town,, between 1 ! s>nd 2 o'clock in aeaftenwao. She city ', ii?????? ??! ?? * ~,^^l-—g -_| - —;ii, , I COB^SD^r OSS DeCDwO^BI^BI^DBEIBBU I Tf nffsra from a i'tsVTffynt —?^? by the Chief Seeretaiyin4be~Houseof AaaemUy?a Tuesday that the work in connection with the ? "slterstkmof tbejsilway carve ait GUnviDe lua been delayed in eoaseqnenoa ot negotia tions wfOi the Largs Bay Company for a cmujge which would better axdt file fa-^flS" on tteir line. Operations wen resumed on Tuesday. - :. An accident' ccuaired on the . drainage ' -wnrks in Bowcn-ttxect, off Prank Un-street, ?n Tuesday sSexnoon. A. sass named Psfakk Kisssne was working in one of th? trencheswhen thssidarof the excavation feU : on top of Jam. 'He was ?wt'oat ss qmckiy jta -poSHbJe and removed to the hospital, i s whetje'4ejwas adm^ted. His injaries are I .- <sj?*>sn???ttt?Maanons>.r: ? \ '^TbefdQowing are lite pssaengers booked to i lease tiy the BJUJS.Pekin which sails from J GJenelgonThuradsy^-Mr. Bopert Xngleby, < Hb. Xngleby ssid two sUUm, sndJQss Selh for Londsn;<las<atn Fraser for Cal . cnite; Mr. A. H. lioehee, Mr. and Mrs. JeEn Ward, "Mr. Thorlow, Miss Spencer, :'- Master Spencer, and Matter Treasure for ? Albsny. . - : j -. At a meeting of ttie executive conunittee of i tie proposed AdeWde Exhibition, held at i Gwemment Hooa* at 009 mon Tuesday, it | sras resolved that Mr. Samuel Davenport sfconid be asked -to accept the position of executive ?w?<??i^mw, Me Davenport ?fterwtiflseapiiested his wiTJingnestto occupy txsKpoaition. His ExeeUency the Governor prettied o?er tbe meeting. Travellers along the eastern main road an rejokang at' the csmpletioa of tike tramline to MagOl. The opening day is, we believe, not absolutely fixed, but the infarwsMng ceremony ' is expected to come off wittusthe nextfort eight; To honday touriata **<? line win pff^rd a charming ride, and the **<****. ? ? fisted opening is already giving an impetus toboadingoperationssAtheternumis. The Civil Bitting* ?f Che Supreme Court vf re ?oQtinued ?n Tustdsy. The case of Harry T.Harry was eonuaecced, bat was not flondaaed. ZtwfU be resumed this storning. \- Shortly sftertUs case commenced the cwrt a4joorn?aV--owingto the Chief Justice having to keep an engagement—for nearly three bouxb .Had the ease been gone on with. it would probabb/ ban been finished the yST'U' day.* ?' ?*? It is considered Advisable by ihe tiovem . saetttto?etah|iah?ne or more forest jreserres in the diatrictiwlswum Muigaii ami Mannnai. , ssd 'hi the House of Assembly on Tuesday Hw'^ifniiiiiitintifir of Crown bands itifsmed aaembsrs. in reply to a question asked by Mr. Hssnes. timt the csnaervator of forests wfflvjaftaedistriot at ?nearly date .with .a view of furnishing *> report upon the . whole subject. : . - The Hon. J. Carr enquired, in the House , of Assembly on Tuesday, whether the Go *. verament would y^* sxrangementa for a trial of Hnlletty oombinatinn trucks on the natrow xaoge rsMways in the colony. The Chief Secretary would not-promise that ? trial eboaU be made, but intimated that he would obtain a report, on the subject from the officers in the Kngyiefr-in-Chiefs depart meet. . ? The informer Carey appears to bave met the fate which might naturally be expected to overtake him some time or other. Telegrams published in another column state that he wasfchot onboard the steamer afelrose, one of ihe Donald Carrie line of traders between Liocdon and South Africa, by a man named o*DonceU. The shooting occurred imme diately on tbe arrival of the steamer at Pert Elizabeth, and the murderer was at onoe SXTCmBQ* ? The fourteenth annual meeting of share holders in the Mercantile Marine and Fin assurance Company was held on Tuesday. Mr. B. Ban Smith presided, and about fifteen finareholdOT wen present A satis factory report and balsaoe-sheet ware adopted. The retiring dfasoton ware reap, pointed, as abo wsre the auditors, whose re. miiiwralittii for the past year was fixed at MB, ItsrataHnnipwiiibytodiainaantiiat ? dividend and boaajs atssoontiag to 3s. par ?hansmndtepssvbisimAsassstl. :; X jnMan d?rtli?xw?ad?t Stidfac Wert ass^ssd^tsorning. Me, K. Ceague, watt- Miiis m the proprietor sf tfaerstrsshmant. rooass opposite Hffl ft Cto.lt stables at Stir?ng Wsstjwanodto ohnrok on Sunday svenfaig. Jbotdid not enter with bis wife and son-in law, who accompanied him. During the service he was discovered to be in a fit near the church gates, and Dr. Mcbmchlan, who was quickly in attendance, pronounced that he was smitten with parallels. He was re moved to his residence, where, after two additional attacks, he expired at an early ' hour on Monday morning. Deceased waa 74 years oE age. A petition was presented to the House of Assembly on Tuesday by Mr. CogHn, from the Beautiful Valley branch of the Farmers' Association, praying the House to amend the Pastoral Leases Bill so as to cause the leases expiring in 1888 to be : surveyed in blocks, hi no case exceeding forty square miles; and when adjacent to agricultural areas, in blocks of about five square miles, which should be offered at public auction.. The reasons ad duced In favor of this request were that farm* iog in the north to be successful should be combined with gracing, and theralstting of the land hi urge blocks would not aid In settlement of the largest number upon it Mr. Bcaglehole presented a petition to the House of Assembly on Tuesday from twenty, eight residents in the hundreds of Parawurlie and Moorowie praying for the abolition of the system of charging interest on selected land; and also asking that all interest paid since January, 1879, except first instalments, should be credited against purchaee-money. :The petitioners further anted that any selector afaoold be allowed to take a new ?greement ucder the Crown I?nds Amendment Act of last session; that iU payments or babutoe of pnrriharri mrnify lw?w>"'ti?g An* ff??o^M-^ raid off annually at the rate of 5 per sent per. ?BBsan; and finally that the system of open \ competition for credit selections' should be ' abolished. The annual meeting of the shareholders : In the Hudmarah Tramway Oompany ?rat held at the company's offioe on Tuesday. ?"PTi^??g- . There was a Urge number of shareholders presort, and the Hon. W. C. Bulk, M.L.C. (chairman of directors), pre sided. The nabi?oe-ebeet showed ***i?- the liabilities of the oompany amounted to £15,277 9a. 3d. The report and balance sheet were adopted, and the Hons. J. Coltou, H.P., and J. Hodgtdss, M.L.C, were re elected flirmrfrFiH An extraordinary meeting was afterwards held. whsnrasoluUona author ising the diisetors to increase the capital of the company to £45.000 were passed. Aderwtationw)risSatirMrofaassafa.Tenpsnt,- Morttock, sad OogUn, M.P.I*, waited on the ?""??*— of Education (Hon. J. L. Parsons, K.P.) on Tuesday, and presented * memorial from42of the inhabitants ?t the district of Crsdock, drawing bk attentiontothe state of tfasi scboolhonaa than,: and asking Cor the j erection of aatonebafldtog fafHs place. It I wsi rcprfswi tod that the present structure, which was erected in 1881 and oonsiats of tfon for tte number of scholars sttmitinr.. It-was boOt to hold twenty children, ami the present sftwwtsnceaversged over forty, so that | in the airomtr it was so ovsrarawdad a* to he mjnrioos to the health of those attending. They also- requested the eieUiuu of afenos around the aeboolhouse and a shelter-abed tor the scholars. The Ministw, in reply, i ?aid be woold look into the matter and obtain ? report on fhe subject from the in? aiywtei.' lbs BBontUy meeting of the executive com mittee ot the Horns for Irrnrablm was held at the Chnrch Office on Thnrsday, July 26, Present—Mrs. Downes, Mrs. C. B. Hardy, Mn. Fuher, Hn. Oottoo, Dr. Wykte, Ooianel Pivw, Van. Archdaaco? Kartell, Bey. A. T. Boas, Dr. Gardner, and Mr. Janws Smith. The death of the chairman (Dr. Goase) was formally reported to the meeting. Dr. WyUe was imsnimously elected to fin the obsfcr for the ensuing year. The fjuaUl iifciiil was ujHsmmliorthe tost sna tainedbotttbytfae committee and the insti. totionxn thedeatn of Dr. Goase, sad it was resorrad that the secratniybe instrnetedto writes letter of tanlUhmrm to Mrs, Gour. It was further resolved that steps should a* pty?f be talrm to rsiss ftw^w nejoassary to erect one of the wings at the home as f? memorial to Dr. Gome. A warrant for £101 lla.?. far the month's expenses was passed for payment. Applications for aflmlwum were considered, and two cot of three wen granted, the oases to be admitted as there is roost. ; The fourth general mrrttng of shareholders \ in the LeteWs Peninsula Land Comnny was held on Tfrtay morning. There were | 4^85 shares rs?tusenled to psrsonsadby proxy. Mr. A. Hardy, M.P., presided. The directors' report was as foOowa directors ham to report that since the last testw&de;, has been farmed, starting at the corner of the Government reserve and running north 12£ chains. Your directors do not intend to offer any of the company's pro- Tsfrty UatUU 4fc? fIUHUaMaT atBDOMBaaV - balanc<Hri>eet showed tbat the ssnount re. | cerved from calb had bean JBS.74S Ss. 6d>; ' mortgages onproperty, £&V; 666 )3a, id^ £8714*. worth of land bad been sold, and the total moneya itedvsdamonsjted to £15,102 5c 6d. The property waa valued at £13,000, and the r iYVmln?ry Mjwim wm C9ftg4?- M. The working expenses bad beenJSJAS 9s. fid,; the cost of the esplanade km £200. and there wen sundry debts amoonting to £633 lls. Bd, On the motion of the chairman the report | mnA bslanoe-aheet were m*fgfafl, Messrs. H. j D, O'HaDorsn and H. Btodard wen re elected anditon. ?pu? thirteenth general meeting of share* holders in the Adelaide Steamtug Company was held io the company's offices on Tuesday. Mr. SLBarr Smith ooonpied the chair, and there was a good attendance. The directors' report showed that the company's business j had been carried on with favorable results, ] although the profit did not equal that of the two preceding half-yean; that after paying dividend and bonos in February, placing £1,000 to revenue and depreciation ?>~??imt and writing off bad debts, the balanoa of profits earrJed forward at January 1 last, and the net profit for the past six months together amonntedin fiS.o66Ss.7d.. which the direc tors recommended should be dealt srith as foUowsc-rJHsidend of 4a. 6d. per share, £2,230; renewal and deptieoiation account, £1,000; baUnoe carried forward. £1,836 5u 7d> The report also showed that fhe whole of the |4ant was hi good working order. The report and bslaiMwtbaat were adopted* It was screed that *he directors should con sider the desirableness of having an addi tional small steamer to tog schooners and small vessel*, as such an addition waa re garded as necessary. Mr. J. Neill was reap pointed auditor, bis remuneration for his services during the past year being fixed at thirty guineas ; ***"* it was Aar&HnA; that the future remuneration of the directors be fixed at £2 2s. each for every monthly meeting attended. A vote of thanks to the directo rate and the secretary closed the meeting. A confirmation service was conducted at All Saints' Church, flindmarth, on Tuesday evening, by Dr. y?<mnn (Anglican Bishop). The Bey. EL M. PoUitt (incumbent) intoned the service, the Bey. Canon Green read the lessons, and the bishop's chaplain alsoasrigted. Provious to the bishop aaminktering the rite of confirmation, he urged the necessity of holy Uves, and remarked that many failed in being what they might be because they did not trust in the gracious power of the Holy Ghost, which was as powerful now as it waa in the first century. One reason why Christianity had not a stronger hold on the wy+jon. -res because there wen too many cowardsinreUgion who were afraid to confess Christ. There was one thing to be learnt from the Salvation Army, and he would like to impress it on those present, and that was the example of courage they ?bowed. They were not ?shamed, as many church people were, of their cause, and they ware not ashamed of what they pro fessed; and if the chunk had moved on in that way in the past there woold not nfw be ? need of the Salvation Army. He specially nrgrdtfaecaodidatMto^theh-sU?don the aids of Chriak,to go forward with courage in figbttng against the world, the flesh, and tfasdevfl. Twanty-tbnr —diastas then pn. seated themselves and received the bene dibtionofthebiabop. Ashortaflsraddrsat was also given i>y his lordship. Messrs. Geo. E. DeMole and W. R. TotbiU received from the bishop licences as lay readers. At the close an offertory was taken up on behalf >f the church debt fond. i The first quarterly special services in con nection with the South Australian Christian Miiwion at Kqrth Adelaide were held in the Temperancs w?.n on Sunday. .Lieutenant Sister Colwell conducted the morning de ? votions, Captain Hewit, of Bowden, theaftar noon service, and Capt J. J. Taylor the even iog meeting. The attendance was very large, folly 200 persons being unable to obtain ad mission at the evening service. On the folowing Monday tea was . partaken of by about 500 persons, and owing to the supply running short 150 were unable to obtain creature comforts. The public meeting, over which Mr. J. W. Parsons presided, was a great success. There not being room sufficient in the hall, an out side meeting was held, at which between 300 and 400 people attended. Mr. Parsons gave an appropriate address in the hall, and called upon Captain Hewitt to present the " colors" to Captain J. J. Tayjpr, on behalf of the North Adelaide corps. In doing so, Captain . Hewitt expressed the pleasure he felt on the con—ton, and hoped the mission at North Adelaide would be a success. Captain Taylor replied, and said th*t he intended to fight under that flag, and expressed a hope that his soldiers would prove fAthfcd. Che quarterly report showed that since the open- Ing of the mission at Rorth Adelaide three months ago 116 persons had been admitted as members, and that 11 had gone over to other churches, leaving a total of 9S members on the books. Beceipts, £3S 12j. 3d.; expenses, £40; debit balance, £17s. 9d. An efficient choir, under the direction of Captain A. W. Garrett, rendered selections of music throughout the services. The Hindsursh brass band added to the 8000618 of the < M*w*?hi£- The prooeeds amounted to about £35. A paper was laid on the table of the House of *— wWy on Tuesday by the Attorney- General, '?^t?iniwff further correspondence relative to the resignation of the Commis aioncrship of Insolvency by the Chief.Jostioe. The letters were as follows:—"Judge's Chambers, June 21, ISB3. Sir—Beferring to my letter to yon of 11th inst, as I perceive ' from a statement made by you in Parliament, that Kis the intention of the Government to .. relieve me of the duties of Commissioner of Insolvency, I have the honor to re quest that you will submit my respectful resignation to Wh Excellency the Go vernor.—l bave, &&, S. J. Wat. Toe Hon. the Attorney-General." To this com mnnication the following reply was sent :— "Attorney GeneraTs Office, Adelaide, Jane 22, ISS3. Sir—l have the honor to acknow ledge the receipt oT your letter, dated the lith 'if*" I*, intfnating your desire to be relieved of the duties of. Commissioner of | Insolvency, and to inform you that the Government having considered the arrange -1 ment under which you undertook the duties, have felt it their doty to suggest to His Ex oellency the Governor that your request be awriM to. I bave now the honor to state tbat His Excellency has been pleased to accept the suggestion, and Jthat J. M. Stuart. Esq., &M.;, of the Local Court of Adelaide, has been appointed Commissioner of the Court of Insolvency. On behalf of my col leagues and niyy'tf I beg to express our thorough appreciation of your Honor's ad ministration of the office of Commissioner of Insolvency, and she mannw in wbieh your Honor has combined, without allowing either to suffvr, the high position and f unctions of CUsf Josttoe of the province, with the very onarawdstiM oooaected with the Court of lnsotw?ney.—lhav?,4te^Jara. W. Dowser, Attorney-General. His Honor the Chief Jnttlw. **?*??? " Aretarnbasbeenlaidonthe table of the Assembly giving particulars of the leasing of University lands at Wirreanda. It appears tbat on December 16,1876,15.000 acres were granted to the Umvenssy at Win seaiis, and inareportbytheSarveyor43eneral on Jane 28, 1870, It was stated:-"The Wbreanda block contains 15,000 acres of arable and : pastoral mod. The improvements comprise the Wirreanda bead station, with wells and fencing ;tbe whole valued at £1,016 16s. 4d." TneUnrfersi^bloclc,oontainingls,OOOaores, ! was ?^r— "y leased to Peands WOUam Stokes and Henry Augusta* Short lor a ton of SJ yean from July J, IST6, to January 1, 1819, at £476135. fid, per annum, or a little over 7}d. per acre. The whole of the rent was patd,rfL,£U&2 14* 21 Oo tb* expiry of the lease the lfi^OOO acres wan divided into eigniMn seenaotss, whsbb wesv wspsssu oi on " lease to the bjgbeat bidder at aootton. The sale took place at Meava. M. Salom & Oo.'s aoetio?-rooa in BSadley-eUeet, and in the case of twelve pnrrssssus the rent agreed to be paid was 2s. Cd. per sore, la that of three 2s^ inonecase2?.Bd.,inanotber?*^andln another ss. In aaoh case the term of lease was twenty one years from May 13, 1579, to May 13 1300\. The amount of rent paid up to Hay, 1883, was £3,241 12*. 74, Rednsttoos wen fpmi,*mA to the lessees on the following aon | ditions:—The council of the University agreed that those lessees who had enclosed their holdings within six months from No vember 12, 1880, with six-wire abeep-proot fencing, ?*"?" Mbe allowed a remission of one half-year's rent; that they should pay only half of the rent in arrears, and that the future rents should be reduced to one-half of the original rentals to the end of the term of their leases. The amount of the reductions waa 60 par oast on the original rentals, or a reduction of £94612t.2d.p5r annum. The amount actnally received after such reduo ttoni were made was £384135. 2<L At present the number of tfurt" frftM***g ""* in pos t.asfnn of their leases fa four, vie., B. G. Crettenden, J. Tomer, J. Mewses, and D. Byan, the total ana held by them being B^o2 acres. Three of the leaiet are held for pantwra 1 purposes, and the third—that of Byan—-tor agrkolturaL The average rent paid by the tenants now in possession if ?bout la. 3d. per acre. Mo formal applica tions for further reductions of rent have been made; bat Informally offers have been made for vacant sections at prices varying from sixpence to tonpenee an acre. The tmnamt* in possession have internally stated the present rents are too high, and have sug gested that the land is not worth more than oinepenoe an acre, The general meeting of the shareholders in the House, Land, and Mortgage Company was beld4n the Exchange Arbitration-room, on Tuesday. Mr. 8. D. Glyde unaided, and there waa a good attendance. The directors' report stated that the depression which has come over all kinds of landed property had prevented the making of any profit in that branch of the company's hnwneas, but that future purchases would be made when favorable opportunities occurred; that the loan branch of the business was likely to prove safe and remuneratire; and that the directors bad secured good offices, centrally aitnated near the Exchange, at a reasonable rent, and a king lease. The balance-sheet showed a balance in bank of £622 3*. 61., the amount of money on deposit being set down at £1,300, and the loan account at£tf.64S IDs. 3d. The money advanced on mortgage by the company was £6,258 16s. The Chairman, in moving the adoption of tfaereport andbaJance sheet, said the money they had been able to invest on the system of pariodinal payments had bo far brought a very good return, and was a kind of business which would no doubt conduce materially to the permanent es tablishment of the company. It was safe and profitable, and the company constantly found that people outside were beginning to appre ciate the advantages of the system, and appli cations were coming in at every mnoting of the board for further loans. The investment made by the company near the Grange was likely to enhance in value, as there was a ataong probability that the Semaphore line wonU go round that way. The company had not been in ? position to borrow money in ?Pgi?d for the purpose of working the busi ness, a?d then would be no chance of money being borrowed there until the shares rose to ?premium. Mr. GEixaecondedandthereport aedbaUnce-sheetwenadopted. M*ssh,S.D. Oiyde, W. Hamilton, G. HowsU, W. B.Cave. acd W.HiU, the retiring directors, wan re elected. On a proposal being made that the future remuneration of the directors should be fixed at 10a. each, the meetings to be held ence a fortnight, the chairman intimated that if the resolution were carried the board would resign, as such a sum was regarded as totally inadequate for the work which they per formed. The resolution was then withdrawn, and another to the effect that the fee should be a guinea each per meeting, the meetings to beheldnotmoreoftenthanoncea fortnight, was carried. Messrs. W. J. Oldham. and W. I*, Wsre were ic-electcd auditors, their re muneration for the past year being fired at fiva guineas each. A vote of thanks to the chairman for presiding closed the meeting. The Hey wood Minstrels' entertainment was repeated on Tuesday At the Academy of Music before a full house, and passed off successfully. The same programme is an nounced for to-night, "The Little Duke"attracted a large and well-pleased auditory to the Theatre Royal os Tuesday evening. The opera, which is one of the prettiest the oompany have yet presented, went very smoothly throughout, and the audience were unstinting of their applause in the leading scenes and numbers, the minuet being most graosfoily performed and the principal songs and duets well deserving the favor with which they were received. "The Little Itake" is likely to keep the stage for the remainder of the week. The annual entertainment in connection with the AdeUide Young Men's Society Cricket Club was f iien at Stow Lecture- hall on Tuesday evening. The programme opened with an overture " Le Chevalier de Briton,' by the Adelaide orchestra, who also gave a raise, "Olivia," a galop "En evant," and selections from " Patience," all of which were rendered in excellent style, Mr. J. C. M. Stone contributed two songs, "Alice, where art than?'* and "A dream within a dream," both of which wars well given. Miss. J. Bissett sang "Shellsof the ocean," and wa? erxored, when she repeated a portion of the eocg. A duet "To-morrow," by the Misses Carter, pleased tbe auditory, although the vocalist* appeared to be somewhat ner vous. Mrs. Thomas Farrtll was not over euocestful in her rendition of the song "O, how delightful," which was accom panied by a flute obligate by Mr. Stone. The same lady also assisted in a duet with Mr. Stone, " I know a bank." Mr. Guthrie gave a vktUn solo in a capital manner, and Mr. Hall hit the taste of the audience by hit comic song, which was given in character. The entertainment was concluded by the perform ance ot? farce, "Caught by the cuff." Those who took part were Messrs. A. Sladden. J. Dew, W, Dobson, T. W. Babbage, and A. HalL For Law Courts and other reports see P?Re& FkrewcU tea and pablic meetiass to Mm. HiTcpxra will be iitld in tbe Town H&U; cnu evening. A meeting of saddlm tad harness and collar aaksn will Iw held at Un Labor League UUI Uus evening. JU> ??iterUiiiiceat i* to t? nivrn in the town ball. Unley, by tbe Wnt AdeUide Temperance Ltfebuat Crew, this evening. A meting of Jobs Hill 4 Company will be heM at theJExchange AtkitnOjun-room, Puie-btnet, Tbe balf- jcaxly meeting of the City Permanent Bnilrilng aad la??tmtnr iccietj will be held at the society's office, Greahtm Chambers, this erening. Hie annual media* of subscribers to tbe Coi raleseent Bosnttal ft to take place at Uie Church Office this afternoon. His Excellency the OoTtrnor willoreside. VTe ban been aakxd to state tiax tt? temperance meettec. which took place at MagUlon Fr4?t even ing bat, wbs beid la th* Wedryan schoolroom, not Uie dnuch as prerionsly reported. Tb? first number oi tbe JndvttrinJ Xmrs, pnb lULed by Messrs. Batson 4 AtwtUr. Sydosy, is a .vary creditable production. The reading niititt Is Interesting, ana Un printing v of a vary superior order. Web??? receSTe-l a copy of the first istne ot Messrs Wblllas 4 Ormuton's "B<mth Australian ABC Monthly tfraatabU and Diary." Tbe tames of places are arranged ainbabttically, and tbe little teak, as a whole, is well pot np. aa4 fi ties' with tamable infotmatios, which is easily (oond. 