A. Tennessee fthost Cofhcs to a houso in Hamilton County, and rocks the baby to Bleep every night. Now, then, by all, the dwellers in tho nether gloom, if there is a restless ghoat of any old ancestor of ours would liko to find steady employment at good wapes in a quiet family and good neighborhood, we can give tho perturbed spirit all it wants to tlo in the silent line of gunorliV '.'.''oiT01^'. 't't'1 Sunday afternoon for itself, and onu W%li ?a\\--v:T.$'^l vtion it could go around and raise a ghostly racket with the neighbors, iuiJ haunt all tho lonely houses in tlie neighborhood. What a gem of a house-servant a ghost would be. Haver ' nab.i' back ; always invisible. The pie would como on the tablo as though it, wero Hailing through tho air ; tho carpet-sweeper would perform its noiiicless functions without tho howling nccompaniuiont of 'Gnah-na- gnah-na-tha-wah— that wur tho place whayro tho whisky is plenthy — whack 1 fol dho rol loll' And at night it eould haunt all tho objoclionablo neighbors until they fled tho neighborhood, and property would depreciate seventy-five per cent,, when wo could buy it in and whaok up with the ghost. No light and no the required for tho ghoet'fi room. No private watchman wanted on tho blook ; no dog on the promises. When a burglar climbed in at the window, and felt tho cold, olammy fingers of the ghost wriggling down tho back ot hia neck; when ho drove a ton- inch bowie-knife clean through tho ghost's bosorn flvo times, and tho spectre smiled eadly at him, and showed him where his throat had been cut clear oil nina years before — how the robber would drop his k|t and wing hia routlcjs Ilight to realms beyond the farther limits of tho city corporate. And when the door-bell rang, tho ghost would just stick iu head clear through tha key.holo and sea who was there before tho . door was opened. Arid thero would be no sweethearts loafing about tho kitchen Sunday nights— oh, no. Truly, a ghoat would bo a groat boon to tho homo, and if any ot our readers know of a ghoat out of a job, send him at onca to this office.— '/'/« Argonaut. ., 