THE MERCURY. WHDNESDA y MORNING, OCT. 17, 1883. IN tho Legislativo Council yesterday, ? Tho CIIIKP SEUBKTAIIY intimated that it was tho intention of tho Govornmont to finish tho business.of tho present session as spooiiily as possible and thou after ,o short prorogation call Parliament togother to doal specially with tho railway proposals of ,tho Govornmont. A Public Works Appropriation Bill and a Public Work» Construction Bill wore re- ceived from tho Asiombly, read a first .timo and the.second readings' fixed for next Fri- day. - '. ? ? V ', ' ,, . ¡-Tho , Assonibh/s.'diaagreomont Twith the " Council'sumondnionts in the Main Hoads Con structionandMainfehancoBillswas considered in oommtttoo,afid the Council docidod to adhere tj> its amendments. Tho Council decided not to insist qn its araondraonts in the Launceston Public Works Loans Bill. . i Tho Mining Companies Limited Liability Bill was read a thud timo, and passed. Tho amendments of committee in tho" Rural Polico Kilto Bill wcro ogrocd to, and tho third reading of tho bill mado an order for next day. The second reading of tho Customs Duties Amendment lilli, to remit,duties on certain articles of gonoiàl consumption, was inoicd by the, CHIEF SEqEETAliy^and tho question debated -4it length. On, tho bill ¡being considered in committoo, tho proposed duty of lid., per lb. on confectionery was reduced-to Id. por lb. The remis- sion on sugar, £8 por ton was struck out, by tho costing vote of tho CHAIRMAN, who also voted with the noes on the division on the tea remission. Tho wholo of the remain- ing items wore agreed to. The- bill was then passod through' committoo, reported with amendments, and tho amendments ordered to ho taken into consideration next day. At 10*34'the House adjournod to 7 p.m. noxt day._ IN tho Houso of Assembly yesterday, Tho PKGMIBK mado a statement, similar to that mado by tho CHIEF SECIIETAHV; in tho Upper Houso, in roferoticeto tho prorogation of Parliament. The PREMIER read some coucspondonco from Colonel Home and Major Aikenhead, in contradiction of coi tain statement« mado in Parliament reflecting on Volunteer officers alleged to have taken an unsoemly part in connection with tho Launceston demonstra- tion. Postponed clauses in the Crown Lands Bill wera considered in committee, and tho bill was reported with amendments, which wore agr'ooi to. Tho third reading of tho bill was fixed for to-day. In Committee of Supply, ,,¡ Salaries of inspectors, allowances, etc, under the Scab Act, wera passod. Tho Houso adjourned at 11*15 p.m. till 4, p.m. to-day. THE proceedings of the Legislativo Coun- cil yeaterday evening, in dooling with the proposed, remission^ of Customs duties, were somewhat curious, but not quite so curious-as »orne of the arguments put 'forward against the proposals. We confess that we are - unable to understand tho principle, jf any, on which the opposition was based. So for as we could judge, the 'seven members who voted against the re- duction of the duties on toa and sugar took their cue from the PKKSIDENT, who, whilst the House was in committee, took the most prominent part in objecting to' any reduction on what may bo called tho, duties on staplo articles of taxation. < His case was based on tho allegation that there is only a surplus on paper for next year, and that it was quite possible that the surplus might not be realised. The PHESIDENT had, of course, much more than this to say in regard to the proposal to reduce the tea and sugar dutiCB, but the main body of his caso was, that the TREASURER'S figures were based| on estimates and supposition, and the money was not actually in hand. This is, perhaps, about as extraordinary an objec- tion as we havo ever heard put forward seriously when a remission of taxation was proposed. Why, it is in the very nature of things that all future conditions of the revenuo must be a matter of esti- mate and supposition. If taxation is never to bo reduced until a Treasurer is able to Bhow the money is in hand which is to bo got next' year, taxation wil never' be reduced nt all, and the public will never reap tho benefit of a prosperous state of the country. Not BO do Chancellors of thö Exchequer I argue in the Mother Country. When Mr. GLADSTONE proposes .tho repeal of duties or taxes .of any kind, ho docs on the ground that he is able to soo his way in the future, and ho asks the House of Commons to listen to - his reasons for so believing^1 and to accept, his' forecast of the financial condition of the country. Ho has, and can only havo, a surplus on paper. Ho cannot have it in the Ex- chequer, because the ravooue to inako it cannot possibly como in for twelve months,, and tho House of Oommons, as a rule, is very willing to tako such calcula- tions in the way in which they aro put before it. A similar method is pursued in the other Colonies, Two such very dissimilar Treasurers as Mr. , SER- VICE and Mr. BERRY, in Victoria, havo made announcements to the As- sembly that they fnw their way to reduce taxation, not on the ground that they had such a hoard of money as the Emperor of Germany is said to keep against tho possible contingency of war, but because they believed that the revenue would be moro than would bo required for the public service. All estimates of revenue are contingent on many circum- stances ; they are liable to bo falsified by unoxpectod events, but Treasure» and Legislatures soo that such risks must be 'taken, as it would bo folly to loso a pre- sent and certain good, because of the possibility of a romote and uncertain evil. In fact, it would bo as reasonable to argue that taxation should never bo incroased, because a deficiency might bo mudo up by an increase in tho revenue. Tile simple truth is, that,a Treasurer has each year to do his boat by the light of the information that ho is able to obtain leaving matters to bo adjuatod when the next financial period cornea rouud. With thiB understanding, the people submit to increased taxation, and with this under- standing, they are entitled to relief when the e appear to be reasonable grounds of probability that it can be given safely, Mr. DODEBY summed up tho wholo case, -when he said that it is quite time to moot the necessities when they arise. . Mr. WATCHORN unconsciouly exposed tho weakness of the side that he had taken, in remarking that when the colony waB in a state of collapse " you doubled your duty on tea and sugar." This wa» an admission, of course, that the duties were doubled to moot an omergency, and it follows that, when tho emergency has passed away, the former state of affairs should bo returned to. The property tax was readily reduced on this very plea. It wa» said not to be required in the changed condition of the Colony, and if tho plea WOB valid then, it ouqht to bo equally valid now. However, it i» scarcely worth while to disprove arguments that wero not really the ground of the action taken, as it was evident that there was a great deal behind that was more powerful than what was stated. Tho PRESIDENT, who appeared to load tho Opposition on this occasion, spoke strongly in favour of railways, and urged thoir necessity as a reason for not reducing taxation, and there can be no doubt that many members were disinclined to accept the remissions aud the railways too. In following tho PRESIDENT, as thoy did, thoy may bo said to have virtually Admitted that tho Railway Bills muet bo passed, for thora was not a shadow of case against the romission of ' the tea and sugar duties, oxcopt on the ground;" that the Colony wai about to incur a large finanbial responsibility. We must assume, there- fore, that the majority have made up their minds to yield on the railway ques- tion, and tho public will be leas indignant on that account. The reduction .of the proposed duty on confectionery from ljd. to Id. is another voto that is not easy to understand, as the duty wai opposed on i the ground that it was a violation of prin- cipio; and, if so, should have been struck put altogothor. The House, howevor, cheerfully agreed to,tho removal of duties on a number of miscellaneous articles, including machinery and cornsacks, which will do away with a groat many anomalies that exist, and afford very distinct relief to tho, agricultural and raining interests. Thus, a great deal has boen gained, though a great deal moro might havo been done with advantage. But, tho aversion to a property tax is so groat in the Council, that it was ready to keop on tho heavy duties on articles of general consumption, for fear that property might bo called upon to make up a remotely possiblo doQoienoy. Still, it is pleasant to see that there is a distinct advance. Tho retention of the heavy dutios on toa and sugar was only carried by the ousting votj of tho CHAIRMAN OF COMMITTEES, who violated the usual practico in tho casa of au equal division on an important question. There wero soven for and seven against tho proposed remissions, end it was expected that the CHAIRMAN would give his casting vote with tho ayes, as that courso allows tho proposai to bo re-discussed. Ile, however, voted, with tho noos, and ; thus disposed tho question of the reduotion of the tea and sugar duties for the present session, and took a responsibility "on himself which a more oxperiencod OUAIUMAX would havo avoided ; ia fact, the manner in which the business was conduotod in committee, shows that a moro efficient CHAIRMAN is required, and tho public may well com- plain that a question of importance has been sholvod in a very.unusual manner. It is well, nevertheless, that we aro able to announce that many vexatious duties havo boen swept away, and that tho rail- road proposals aro practically safe, so that soiuo good has beondone, and th J Colony ' is likely to bo relieved of s^mo of the burdons which have retarded its progress. IN both Houses of Parliament yesterday a statement was made by tho Ministry < relative to what is proposed to bo done in regard to the Railway Bills rejected by tho tCouncil. The , statement , in each' Houso was substantially the same, and in' each coso was not so distinct as it might havo boon with advantage alike to tho, Ministry and tho public. It was BtatedJ that the Ministry proposed to proceed,, with the business of the Session and get it ovor as soon ,as possiblo, after which a¡ short prorogation would follow. Parlia-J .mont would bo then summoned to deal, exclusively with tho question of the rail-1 wajs, anda hope was expressed that it'' would be soon disposed of. It was stated by tho CniKr SECRETARY in tho Uppori Houso that tho prorogation would be ofi such duration as to i suit tho convenience, of members, whioh means that Ministers, are not yet agreed as to what the length of tho prorogation shall bo. This abuencoj of docision is not very croditablo, and it indicates a want of firmnesB which, may lead to the very difficulties which it is in- tended to avoid. To proposo to consult the, convenience of the mombors of tho, Upper Houso means, of course, that it ia] -intended to consult their inclination. Now, wo aro told that somo of them aro strongly) desiroui of getting a prorogation of tliroo months or even moro, in order that a eon-, siderable timo may elapso beforo thoy aroi compelled to accept tho railways which, thoy ¡ rejected. Thoy desire to. bo loti down easily. Thoy soo that the voto will havo to bo reversed sooner or lator, and they^profer to mako it as much later as possiblo. Wo refer now, of¡ course, to the majority, i The minority are, wo may safely assume, prepared to deal with tho question, and would bo, no doubt, very glad to get rid of it as quickly, as possible, and BO save any further agita- tion in the country and trouble to them-' solve». It follows, of course, that if Ministers mako a long delay, it will bo in deference to the wish of. the majority ; that is to say, of one more membor than those who are prepared to go on with the business at once. But, from all'we can hear, several mombers > have already, decided to bow to public opinion, so that there is really a majoiity in favour of the measures, and any ¡ long delay will bo, in faot, in < doferenco to a distinct minority, of tho Oouncil.j Wo may point out, what seoms to havo beon ' overlooked by some persons, that there is another and much more numerous Houso whose wishes ought also to be consulted Many mombo« of the Assembly attend to their parliament tary duties at much inconvonienco and somo loss to thomselvos, and it is not bo expected that they will calmly submit to soo thomselvos sot asido to suit the con- venience, or humour, or whim of another place. Wo assume that members of tho Assembly aro not in favour of a lonç pro. rogation. It will not suit thom to return to public business at the beginning of next yoar, as wo havo heard proposed; just at the time when they are likely to nos desirous of taking a holiday, and all bocause of the feelings of ¡tho Member* of, the Council. It will be seen, thereforo,, that all the weight of argument, io far as the. Parliament is conoerned, is on the side of prompt action ; a« there, is a majority in the Council which,must wish to got the business done, with, and practically all thi Assembly is in favour of the same course of procedure. Apart, however, from Parliar rnpnt itself, the public has a right to have its wishes consulted. So far, the people have behaved with great forboarance,and intelligence. They have not hesitated to recognise the right of the Council to roaist an innovation on ordinary Parliamentary praoticOjof a very dangerous character, and thoy, have not murmured at, the delay caused thereby. Although . meetings have been held in all parts of the Colony in favour of railways, although the feoling as to the action of the Council in throwing out tho Bills is very Btrong indeed, although there is an unmistakoablo rosolvo to have a more, vigorous policy for tho bono fit of tho country, not ' no porson has doniod tho right of the Council to pro servo tho safoguards of legislation. It is not probable, however, that the poople will tolorato useless delay. They will Dot submit to tho mattor being postponed for threo months or moro, and if the attempt to do so is made, there will be, an out- burst such as tho Colony has not aeon for many a day. ft is idle to plead, a* we hoar constantly ploadod, that delay will not make any difference. Delays, in all case* are proverbially dangerous, and in ! tina it ia well known that most of those who soek to stave off any decision on the quostion are the very persons, who, aro most opposed to railways, This 'is' their way of evading the business. Know- ing that it would be .useless to op- pose railways directly, thoy plead for delay, in tho hope that something may occur to.ronder what is now so popular, unpopular, and what cannot bo resisted at prrs-nt capable of boin« worried out of exiatonce. If Ministors should be so foolish aa to fall into tho trap that is set uudor their eyes, thoy will( forfeit the confidence thoy now possess, and will sink rapidly in public estimation. It ÍB clearly tho duty of the Ministry to see this railway busiooas through without further loss of timo, aud consequently thoro must bo no hesitation, doubt, or pandoring to the aasumod fears of any portion of ono House or tho other. Minis teis must not koop tho word of promiso to the ear, and break it to the hope. ,They must.rcsolvo on a prorogation of a fow days only, and by that means assure tho public that thoy aro in earnest, and avoid all excuso for a rou o wal of agitation, which, if renewed, will be of a far moro formidable charactor than anything yot Boen. ErçoLisu MAILS, , INWARD.-Wo loam from the secretary to tho Post, Oflico,' that the Fliiidors, with tho English mails, ¡por P. and|0. Royal Mail steamer Thames, left Mclbourno, for Launceston, at 10 a.m. yesterday; The mails will, therefore, be brought on here by tho expresa train to-day, and a window delivery of tho letters may bo expected to take placo, at the General Post Office, at or about 10"30 o'clock to-night. CABLE NEWS.-The Rev. G. A. Shaw, who was íecently subjected to indigniticB and imprisonment in Tamatavo, at the hands of tho French authorities, is to rcceivo compensation to tho oxtcnt of 60,000 francs, and tho French Cabinet will also formally express regret for the occurroncc to Earl Granville aa Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs. Tho Dutch tin auctions will com- mence on .the 30th inst. Two more steamers, tho British King and Cata- lonia havo arrived in ' England with cargoes of Now Zealand frozen ipeat, aftor making good passages of 61 and 45 days' respectively. A sail calamity has occurred in a Russian town. A cry of firo, raised in a ciowdcd synagogue, caused a panic, in which 40 women met with their deathi, mid many moro wore injured. The Czar of Russia, having visited CrouBtadt, has returned in safety to the Imperial Palace at St. Petersburg. Sovcro 'earthquakes, causing much destruction of property and soino loss' of life) aro reported as having occurcd in tho Island of Chios (Kino) in tho Grecian Archipelago, and on tho coast of Asia Minor, near the island of Mityleno. The largo bodies of Chineao troops whioh rccoHtly,crpssed tho Tonquin border ai o now rotiaciug their stops, and withdrawing from Annmcso territory. Hostilities havo been renowed in Zululand by tho chief Uaibopu, who, in retaliation, on account .of, Cotcwayo refuBing to leave tho reserved territory, ia attacking and maasccring tho tribes known to bo favöiiroblo''towal da that--'digiiitary. The, French vintago for tho. prcsout autumn is pronounced very favourable, much to tho joyÁof wine- grovvers. Tiie Radical) Press* ia liercely attacking tho aggressive policy of, ,tho Frcnch.natioii, A mau-pf-war is to be. instantly despatched to-Port au Prince, to, enquiro into tho eil cunio tances attending tho, roccnt shelling of a British uteamor by, tile nativo authorities^, Hayti.| . ,,, TnortqaATiox.'-^u the House ,of Assembly yestoi day, the l^rci'nicr explained tho course that Miniateis propo'sedt o take with l'égard to tho railway proppaola of the' Government. Ho Baid that the ' only courao Mini8tcra felt open to thom, in order that thoy might at aa curly a (lato as possiblo proouro reconsidera- tion and ncccptânco by tho Council of thoso 'proposais, was to oak tho llouso to assist thom to bring the business of tho present 'Beasion toa close aa Boon, na possible, nndi then to have a shoi t prorogation of Parlia- ment, with a viow of mooting again at aa early a dato ,na practicable and convenient to ¡lou. mcmbuis in both branches of the Legislature, for tho purposo of exclusively, dealing with tho railway proposals. In doing this, Ministers hoped 'to havo tho support of the Houso, anrl'to bring about, in as abort a timo. as practicable, tho passago into law of the proposals that had already received tho assent of the Assembly. LAUNCESTON VOLUNTEERS AND TUB RAIL- , WAY DEMONSTRATION.-In tho llouso of Aa Bombly yeaterdny, tho Premier read lottera received from Colonel Homo, acting Com- mandant of tho local forces, ' and Major Aikenhead, officer in command of tho Laun- ceston Volunteer Rifle Regiment, in íoply to cortain remarks modo by mombers of Parlia- ment, reflecting on volunteer officera who had boon nlloged to havo taken pal t in tho railway demonstiation at Launceston on the ütli inst. Major Aikenhead, writing on be- half of both tho Artillery! and Rifle Volun- teers, stated ,that, although ho had good op- portunities of seeing what occurred, ho did not notico a Bingle officer or private of cither corps taking nn unseomly part in tho demon- stration. MERSEY AND DELORAINE RAILWAY.-After a fortnight of vexatious dolay, there now ¡seems every probability of the question of tandera for the above railway being defi- nitely Bottled. Tho Ministor of Lands yes- terday infoimed us that the tendor of Messrs. Fergus And Blair, of Dunedin, N,Z., for the construction of tho lino had been ac- cepted, subject to the fulfilment of con- dition of contract by the thunders, etc. Tho tenders for the work closed on the 4th instant, when that of Mr. D, Proudfoot, of Armidale, N.S.W., was accepted, tho 'amount' being £81,067, but shortly after-, wards n communication was received from tho contractor withdrawing his tondor. A few days later the next lowest tendor, that of Messrs. Howard, and Hawkes, was ac- cepted, and that also was in its turn with dtawn.' Tho thud tender was that of MessrB, Fergus and Blair, which' tho Minis-, ter has now decided on accepting. The total amount of tho contract is £04,070 13a. 4d., or an averago of about £2,610 per milo, and therefore! considorably'in excess of that first accepted. The length of tho line is about .'¡74 miles from tlio, Closent ,terminus of the Launceston and Vcstorn Railway at Dcloraino to tho River MorBoy at Formby. Messrs. Fergus and Blair havo signified their willingness to engage the wholo of tho labouring mon among tho immigrants by tlio Capo Clear, and will probably take tho necosaary stops to do BO. Mr. Fcrcus proposes to leavo for Now Zealand by ,tho S.B. Waihora to morrow, whilst Sir. Blair romains in tho colony to make the necessary' p'roparationa for nn immediate start upon tho work. CITY POLICE COURT.-Mr. G. A. Kemp, Acting Polico Magistrate, and Mr. W. Lovett, J.P., presidod over this Court yesterday'. ' Joseph Ford was fined £3, with the alternative of, three months' imprison- ment, for assaulting D.C. Dolnnoy on Satur- day, iii tho execution of his duty. Charles Grow and Robert Hunt wore found guilty of disturbing the peace at Hobart, the former being fined 5a. and costa, and tho latter 10a., with tho usual alternatives. Superinten- dent Pedder proceeded against half-a-dozen licensed drivera for overloading their cars on the afternoon of Saturday, the Gth inst., whon a footraco waa held on the Now Town Road. Robert Batten (No. 85), James Hopo (No. 46), William Hopo (No. 44), John Former (No. 47), and Henry Thompson (No( 49), were each fined 6a. and coats. The charge against Joseph Dunlop (No. 00) was dismissed, OB tho evidence in tho caao was very contradictory. Ann Booth waa sen- tenced to one month's imprisonment for stealing 9d. worth of butter from Thomas Evana, grocor, in Liverpool-8troot. Mory Dunn and Thomas Geoiy, two inobriotes, were fined 10a. and 6s. respectively. In the case of Spencer », Thomas Spencer, for main- tenance, a warrant waa ordered to be issued. HUNDRED MILKS BICYCLE RIDE.-Messrs. P. J. Bowen and J. Needham, members cf the Marmion 'Cycling Club, started from Perth yeBterday morning at 6'28 am., reaching Tunbud,geat lu 25 and Oatlands at 12-32, a distance of CO miles. The remain- ing diatancojWaa accomplished as followa : P. J. Bowen reached Bridgewater at 5-10 p.m., tiltia boating Mr. Knight's record by 7min., and J. Needham at 5'28. Both 'cycliatB arrived there fresh, and after par- taking of a substantial rupa»t, supplied by Host Cooley in bia usual Btyle, rode into town. Mr. S. Anning (captain) and G. V. Hiddlcatono, accompanied hy Mr. C. L, Hodgmon, T.li.C, proceeded aa fur an Bagdad to meet 'cyclists. A joint moot of tho two clubs wns called for, whon tho following incmbot s tin ned up :-Tasmanian -Messrs. Alox.McGrogor, AlbortMoQrogor, W. Burton, Piotymuu (3),' C. Davis. Marmion-W. Speakman (vico- captain), Gf 'Grogory, L, Fleming, J. Scurráh, F, ^VarcL F. Regan, Ii. F. Johnson. The'successful 'cyclists both rode the woll-knowta " Match? less "- bioycles, 60in. and 63b. respectively. SOUTHERN TASMANIAN Annici'i-TUHAr. AND ' PASTORAL SOCIETY. - Tho ninth annual exhibition of this society will be in- augurated to-day on the prettily- situated .show ground at Now Town. All the ar 'rangonionta aro completo, and witli fino wca thor, an unusually largo attendance will, no doubt, pationiso tho show. A quantity of stdck cunio down yesterday, which, aa faros could bo scon, was an exhibition in itself. Ono of tho greatest features will bo tho really splendid display of agricultural implements, which is tho finest collection yot brought to- gether on any of otu* show grounds. " Tho draught mid light horse "sections havo filled well, and the display of jumping will be moro attractive than usual, as besides the usual contests, several ladies will compete in tho special pi-i/.o set apart for .thorn, whilo tho high jump over a har presenta a new fea- ture, Tho Governor's prize for hacks will bo judged at about 2 p.m., after which tho ladies' prizo will be contested for, followed by tho hunters' trials. The stud cattle and sheep sections havo not filled so well this year, though in each section there will bo a fine dis- play of fat stock. Tho other sections aro as mimerons «a usual. His Excellency tho Go- vernor, who is an exhibitor in the sheep and swine sections, will arrive on tho ground at noon, and will be met by tho Ministry, tho Mayor and aldermen, tho vice-pation (Mr. Jos. Clarke), prcsidont (lion. N.J. Brown), and the officers of tiic society, and othci s. Tho parado of horses takes placo hu tween 12 noon and 2 p.m. Tho luncheon in the coin mitteo booth will bo hold at<l*15 p in. ' The trial of sheep dogs commences at 11 o'clook, in W10 paddock adjoining the show ground. Membois, who must produce their tickets, will bo admitted at 11 o'clock tlnough tho new gate, Asylum-road, only. The show opens to tho general pu blip'ut half-past 11, Mombcrs' carriages only, will ho allowod 0n tho road leading up to the Asylum, and a har- rier haa boen cre-ted to keep other con- veyances outside Tho Artillery Band has buen engaged for the 'afternoon, and will play tho following proarammo : 1, grand march, "Triomphale,' Schott; 2, valso, " Erinnerung an Potorhof," Gung'I ; 3, march, "Distant Qreoting," Döring; 4, ovorturo, "l'ootand Peasant, ' Suppo ¡ 5, valso, " Morgoiiblacttor," Gung'I ; 6, polka, " Trumpet aud Druin," Hartiier ; 7, andante and valse, Lemotha ; 8, march, " Starlit Doll," Smith ; 9, valso, " Venetia," Dcsormo; 10, galop, "Wings of Lovo," Mbydor. National Anthem. Conductor, Herr Schott. Tho public ofliccs and all the principal business houses in tho city will bo closed at noon, so that, with the large influx of"visitors from sutiounding districts, and tho excursionists who will take advantage of tho cheap fares on the Main Lino Railway, wa may anticipate that Hobart will picsont au unusually animated appearance during tho next day or two. Tho special prizes oflered by Messrs. Synnot Bios., N. J. Bl own, and Macfarlano Bl os., aro now on viow at Mr. A. P. Millar's, Murray-street. Tho several trophies aro very handsomo, and havo been greatly admired, and tho fortunato winners will have tho satisfaction of possessing not only valuable prizes, but useful arts. AN ATTRACTIVE EXHIBIT.-A beautiful cake of retorted gold was displayed ; last evening in tho window of Mr. A. P. Miller, chemist, Murray-street. It turned the scale at 70ozs,, and WOB the result of the 'second crushing of 100 toils from tho Bucklaud's Freehold No., 1 Co., Pinga!, Tho previous crushing, it 'will be remembered, was also exceedingly good. The company had been prospecting1 with very little success -for over six years, and.havo only now struek payablo gold; so that no ono will grudgo the share- holders the leward of their perseverance ," THEATRE ROYAL.-Hamlet was reproduced at tho Thcatro Royal last evening to a good house. Miss Pomeroy appeared in tho title 6le as before, Mr. Al thur Elliot as Laertes, and Miss B;' Lewis ¡is Quoon Gertrude ; but many1 of the remaining characters wore, dif- ferently cast, and with very poor results. Mr. C. Hall was far less fitted for'tho part of the "youthful Horatio than that of the'*1 reigning king, which bofoio ho filled so' woll ; whilst Mr. Appleton doubled tho parts of the King and!the dead King's Ghost with iudiffoicut suocpss. ' Al- together tho acting throughout', oxcept in the .loading paita, was of tho most careless^ des- cription, and not nearly so praiseworthy as the formor representation. It must ho ad- mitted, however, that the performance was not less than the audionco'deserved,' for there scorned throtighouttohoa total miscon .coptioiiofthosubtlomelanoholyofthotrngcdy, nud many of the finest and most pathetic Ïlissages- wcro mado'tho subject of ill- timed ovity. This was paiticularly noticeable in tho last two acts; and from first to last a .continued din was kept up behind tho scenes and in all parts of tho house, many even of the gentlemen (?) in tho dress circle. Booming to havo loft their manners at homo. ! Under these ciicuinstunccs it is scarcely! matter for wonder if tho company bccanio disheartened, and the play in many partsl "descended into mero builesquo. To- night 'the company aro imnouncod to give their last porformanco in Tasmania 'dilling their pro "sent tour, Glancarty being tho play an- nounced for production, with Mis3 Louiso iPoinoroy as Lady Clancarty. The- dress circlo is already almost monopolised, and, .the day being that of tho agricultural show, .to which. iimnborB of 'country folk aro at- tracted, a packed houso is nearly, a cor 'tain ty. . ' INQUEST AT GLENORCHY.-An inquest was held yestoiday by Mr. Henry Bilton, coroner, »t tho Berriedale Inn, Glenorchy, touching the, death of an agod woman named Bridget O'Brien. Tho docoased, whoso luis-1 band has been employed for tho past 25 years asshopheid on the Hon. D.'Cameron's Lowestoft Estate, was ^0 years of age, and died 'on Monday night without receiving medical attendance. Dr. O. H. Butler mado a post mortem examination, which showed that death had resulted from natural causes, viz., heart disease and congestion of the lungs. A verdict in accordance with tho medical testimony was returned. UNION CIIAI'KL SCHOOL ANNIVERSARY. The annual moating of the school children and thoir flionels will bo held this ovening at; 7 o'clock, on which occasion Mr. B. S.l Bird, M.H.A., will tako tho chair. ' IfisiitNO EXCURSION.-Tho s.s. Pinafore will mako a fishing excursion down tho river this .afternoon. Tho stoamor will leave the, "wharf at 2 o'clock. Notice is given of closing of business es- tablishments at noon this day. , 