THE GHOST ON THE DOCTOR'S DOORSTEP. (A True Story.) Last Christmas Eve is a twelvomontk it was, sir, if I remember rightly. Tire missus, you see, had been laid up for a week or t<vo through the cold weather, and there h «1 been a deal of cxtry work, along er busted pipes, carrying up coals, ■mil spare time helping with tho baby-linen. I had fallen asleep over the kitchen fire, after tak ing up master’s supper—a chop which I remem ber ho said was burnt up and quite spoiled, though I’m sure that it was that raw au^^pgj^_L_ -fei&ffiM.1;'1 teh^fenly T wiiT woke by tlio bell a-ringtng fit to break, and master a hollering out like mad, * Bridget, Bridget! jmt on your bonnet and run rouud to Dr. Persils, tho comer house at the top of tho next street up the road. You will have to ring the night boll, and then ask him to como round at once to your missus.* u So off I ran to the doctor’s, all out ofbreath. It being very dark, I rings all the bells I could lay hands on; but no one answers the door, so I rings again, harder like, so that there could not bo any mistake. Well, no one comes down; but suddenly, right by my side it seemed, a voice . says, that sharp and sudden, ‘ What the devil do you want now? Nobody is dead to-night, is there?* I looked round all of a perspiration, but. there was no one on the doorstep, not oven‘a policeman in the street. With one awful shriek, and my blood a-curdling, I tore back and told the master what had happened—that I had heard a ghost! Ho called mo a fool,^ used had langungo, and gave me a week’s notice, mutter ing as he went out something about not know ing the doctor’s pipe, as if I did not know tho smell of a pipe or a cigar if tho doctor had como down smoking (which he did not). . «* Woll, sir, there were twins , t^at night—but they was born dead! I ain’t afraid of black beetles, but I don’t want Co moro ghosts on tho doctor’s doorstep <m Christmas Eve, not if I knows it. But w*nnt was it master meant about pipes ? Thijj, Trhat puzzles mo to this day.*1 —Judyy ; ' 4 