THE HOUSE OF WHITE SHADOWS. BY B. L FAKJEQN, jotbot of " Elftde-o'-Oragij" 11 Joshua Marvel, •'Bread and Cheese and Kisses," "Grif," "Loo. don's Heut," Ae. - CHAPTEE *gyn OATJTttAW tatpi A REFUGE. Wheh JohrrVaniAigh found himself alone, bedried-»- - ' " What, the devil I Tired of my company slretidy * That :ii * fine compliment to pay lo a gentleman my brBeding.,Gauta»a I SaqtrviJ" . He li»tene3 j no aaawtir came. "A. Capita! dUappeaiSaoe,\he continued, in a its' wav'iStkioafio. The noene,. tiie timV ,11 agreeing. ' Ibiioee - - not ' Dleaae ' me. ©ovoo heat. meiGtotrwif" . lib shooted. "itdow oot oleaaeme.- > ' J am not ' need u» tobetnMited " wpto po£held.to tkiiipot in Uie£xe«mqn of braMy. too, the ungret. _ __ _ of good llqaop-ia theer wwte. Yon eat ni ow;<Criend,jrithoot parinj its equivalent." atch;. not for & tingle tottnefttfttdlrt shift his from the windows of the Adv6cate> rtu Syr- v Now what induced Mm," h* adntinued after a panse,' * to spirit himself away EO mysteriously ? From the violent faicy be expressed far my company I regarded himas & fiiture; one would nave supposed ho intended to stick to me like a limpet to a rook. Suwenly, -witbpat thyme or reason, and as tfce ; oonvertttkm vraa getting later"" be takes Frenoh leave, and makes L. ecaroe. I hope he haa not left his ghost behind him^the ghost of pretty Madeline, ft though, when a partnership such _ _ j entered into—deviliah unpleasant and inconvenient It mHat be—it 1B hot dissolved as easily. Pferhaps he was spirited •ayr—wanted, .after the fashion of our dear „jtparioi Bon Giovanni. There was no blup fire about, however, and I smell no brimstone. No; he disappeared of his own prompting. It will repay thinking over. He said kia phantom—even my holy presence could not Jteep her from him. He murdered herrrnot a doubt ofit—and theAdvocate haa roved hia innocence. Were it ppt a tragedy should feel disposed to laugh. . "We were peaking of the Advocate whfen he started IT. But you cannot escape me, Oautran; ,e Bhfl.ll meet again. An aeqoaintanoo- 6bip' aa happily commenoed must not be allowed to drop—nor shall it, while it Buita- my purpose. At length, John Vaaogb, you are learning; to be wise.. You owed yourself to be fleeced, sndked dry, ... u being thrown upon the rooks, stripped of forttme and the means to 'woo it, von strove to live as knaves live, upon the folly of others 1 like youreelf, But you were a poor hand at the trade—you • were never cut. out for a knave, and you. passed through a-succession of reverses so.Infernally hard as almost to break an honest man's heart. It is all over now. I Bee the sun. Brigfht days are before you, John—the old Hays over again; but you. will spend your money more pradently, my lad 4 no squandering:- exact its value; be wise, bold, determined, and you shall not go dotfn with sort-oik to the grave. Edward, tnv old 1 friend, ii I had the liquor I would drink u. : As it is" it was he wafted a mocking kiss towards the House of White Shadows, and patiwitly continued hiq watch. Meanwhile, Gaufcrao had not been idle. Upon quitting Vanbrugh the direction' he took was from the House of White Shadows. Vanbrugh had observed thist and was not aware that itrfasdone to deeieve him. For when Gautraa wai at a safe, distance from Vanbrugh, -out of sight and hearing, he paused, and deliberately set his face towards the villa. He skirted the hill occupied by Vanbrugh, at its base, and walking with -reat caution, pausing frequently to assure . imself that no was alone, andwas not being followed, arrived at the gates of the villa. He tried the gates; they were lockfed. Could bo climb over them He would have risked the danger—they were set with sharp spikeshad be not known that it would take some time, and feared that &ome; person, passing through the high road, might detect him. He made his way to the back of the villa, and carefully examined the walla. His eyes were accustomed to darkness, and he oould see pretty clearly ; it was a long time befon he discovered a means of ingress, afforded by an old elm which grew within a few yards of the wall, and the far-spreading branches of which stretched over the grounds. He climbed the tree, aud crept like a cat along the stoutest branch he could find. It bent beneath his weight as he hung suspended from ii». It was a fall of twenty feet, but he risked it. He uulooscd his hands, and dropjwd to the earth, lie was shaken, but not bruised. His purpose thus far was accomplished. Ho was within the grounds of the villa. All was quiet. When he had recovered from the -shock of the fall he stepped warily towards the house. Now and then he was startled and alarmed at .the shadows of the trees which moved athwart hia.path, bat he mastered these terrors, and crept on and on till he heard the soft sound of a clock striking the hour. He paused, asthe Advocate had done, andcoUutedthestrokes—midnight. Whenthe sound had quite died away, he stepped forward, and saw the lights in the study windows. Was anybody there? He guessed shrewdly enough that if the room was occupied it would be by no other person than the Advocate. Well, it was the Advocate he came to see; he had no design of robbery in his mind. He stealthily approached a window, and blessed his good fortune to find that it was partly open. He peered into the study; it was empty. He climbed the sill, and dropped softly into the room. W nat a grand apartment! What costly pictures ana vases, what an array of books and papers1 Beautiful objects met bis eyes which ever way he turned. Theie was the Advocate's chkir—there the table at which he wcote. The Advocate had left the room for a while (this; was Gantran's correct surmise), and intended to return. Lamps folly turned up were proof of this. He looked at the papers on the table. Cpuld he have read he would have seen that man^ of them bore his own name. .On a maaaive sideboard there were bottles filled with liquor, and glasses. He drank three or four glasses rapidly, and then, coiling himself tip in a corner of the roonij in a few moments was fast asleep. 