HUSBAND AND ^VTFE : ? -? ??-? OB - The Hand and the Heart. CKAPTEE LXIX.— (Continuep.) * True, the chaplain of tbe transport ship had tried to interest tie gaol chaplain and the colonial authorities ji. faTOjijr of tho boy ; bat all in vain Chaplains have no authority and precious little influence in t3ie' convict settlements. * So John Wcston, who had done very little evil in Mfl brief lif^, poor lad ! was shipped off to that perditioaof eiril-doers — Port Arthur. 'It vould lie too cruel to harrow your heart with any description of his sufferings there, 'where everything that could revolt his nature ?crrounded hiaj. - 'No more of- 'that. . Oh« day he was sent for to the office of the commandant, -where he received the first letter that he had seen sincgf leaving England. It was a jojnt letter from Joseph and Lil, telling him of tb- ir ecttlement at Seawood «n the New Jersey coast in America. Also of the ?rood wages Joseph was getting, and of tlieir fiopes soon to come out and join him. * Join him '. How little they knew or suspected of his dreadful condition! They evidently thought tbat eome chance of redemption had been ipven him, that he had been assigned to some easy duty as clerk, messenger, or book keeper in some of the officers' quarters ; 'that he would Boon 'get his tioket-of-leave, and only a little later his free pardon! And they would come out and joir. him and settle down to sheep farming as hopeful colonists, as tbe too eacguiiie ohaplain had led them to anticipate. 'When the real truth was — too horrible to dwell upon ! c By the allusions in this letter, John Weston learned that there must'have been 'several other letters that preceded this one, and had never reached him. . ? 'He did not reply to it ; ho had no heart to do BO. He preferred to let Joseph and Iiil dream tlieir dream, of the imaginary future a little longer, while he himself dreamed of escape or of — eoicide. 'Early one morning after this he was at wort under the timber cliffs, where many convicts were employed cutting down trees, and lopping oft their branches, many others in rolling the. huge boles down to the beach, and others j still— among whom was John Weston; — were toil ing at the hardest work, up to their waists in water, harnessed like mules to these immense logs, and hauling them to the nearest ship yard. ' So early was the hour at which they had been called to work that it was as yet scarcely light on that cool autumn morning. 'John Weston, driven to desperation by the misery and hopelessness of his condition, sud denly determined to mate a dash for freedom or for death. While preparing to harness himself ,. to the great bole to be hauled, he suddenly threw ropes and chains over his head, leaped-for the deeper water, and struck out for the open eea. He was a strong and skilful swimmer, whose muscular strength had been greatly de veloped by hard 'work* in the open air ; he was stimulated by desperate hope, and everything was in his favour. The tide was going out and the 6ea was calm. ' If he could only reach that rugged promon tory nine miles distant up the coast, a point totally inaccessible by land, and almost 60 by water also, except by such a desperate wretch as ' If he could reach that point, climb that cliff, lose himself in that impenetrable wilderness, why, then, he might starve or freeze to death in time, might be killed* by the bushmen, or de voured by wild beasts ; but he could never be re-captured, and he might eventually escape. ' A. forlorn hope ! But he seized it for all and more than all it was worth. ' Ah ! bat . scarcely had he taken bis leap for life before the alarm was given, and shot after Ehot was fired. One - struck Him, grazing the tip ef his ear. He dived instantly, and t&at; gave riss to the report of bis death— 'shot -white trying to ^nake his escape!' No tnpfe shots were fired after that' When he rose again to the surface he was so far from the shore .that hie small cropped head was lost to view among the billows. ''He never reached the promontory, however. His strength gave out, or was giving out, when he swam for a floating log that had been washed away from the timber cliffs. Around this he clasped himself, and kept himself up, as well as be could, to put off death as long as possible. 'He. was drifting farther and farther out to sea, and his- senses were becoming benumbed and his thoughts confused; yet still he in stinctively held on to the log until everything else seemed to have left him. ' When John Weston recovered his conscious ness he found himself in- a comfortable berth in a ship that he a£ terrrards discovered to be the American merchantinan Bnzzard, homeward bound from Calcutta to Isew York. 'Later* on he learned the facts of his rescue. He had 'been seen floating on the log by the man ?t the look-out. A. boat had been put off to his relief, and he had been brought on board- the ?hip in apparent death. All meanB known to science had been used for his restoration, and they had proved successful. ? In & day or two John Weston was strong as «ver, «nd went before the mast a willing worjeer, in a short-handed ship, which had lost several of its men by fever while in port at Calcutta. 'On reaching New York he discharged himself , said glad, glorious with this realisation of free dom, fee started at once for Seawood to give Joseph and Lil a joyful surprise. 'Ah, how soon were his high hopes dashed to tfce ground ! He reached Seawood the same day. 'He inputted for Mr. Joseph Wyvii. He was told the sad tragedy with which you are already acfoaiated-^Uiat Joseph Wyvil had been drowsed in rescuing the son of a Major Here ward, thai Mr*. Wyvil had died on the same day «o wiiich herchfld was born, and that tbe orphan tebrafrl- bad been adopted aad taken away, to fee Wotaght vp a* his own daughter by Major 'Foot Joe— (to give him back bis familiar asm* since bis escape)— poor Joe was nearly trqabsit to death by shis blow. He inquired abotftXaW Hmwaid, bat could not find out ttsaddn**. 'The nectar, who had been wife Irfl in her last saoewnta, aright bar* &*m. bba. titeiofor. mttoB, but h* had gona to Borope for ids fcaaffli ?At last poor Jos gs*»*m the search fortiw time Maf* «ad contested bfinaett, on «he child'* «««mt,b7tefleeUnt that she «u fngcttd lia«d« awd&ncfa; batter situated than the could be in Us own pp»s»wtim»ew-n if he, -i-e fugitive con. net, eoaM date t» elaim b#*. . '8atfsfl«d *? to bis child'* fortunes, but heart. trnkmlorbJ* wife's «nd his brother'* loss, the SMorfefW started ob an aimless tzacDborcr-the ionntry. getting ? job ot work here anath#re, fratawmgbtokeep Wmfeom starvation j slaep. httaSSumST^iiumam,mod faring a* hard mU UA UttA in prison, «ceept to loss of «jhex&» '0a» dcrfce fsH in wftfc aeompaoj of einSUng ?da*«j».«adb«;oin*l tiwtt, getting ootidBg for ml wy Httte mad of mj -poor qtmlltj of *9&, t&mriOLHma;* tit* saaU liagfnrrim,' of mmmgt totted Jfa», At nrs* he was onr/ guijflii irfO aawttparto t b»^ people wmplaae»d %*%m SmAepf* tnmitfir'uieot, md -was XZwfft^iphdiagpMt«towiiM«rernigbt ^ib'ffufibaawaVsB «O0#MslOD.i0 aaamriwrtt jf II I JMIJIMII asssljll#-aTiaiiVsssfiiHras# 4Jsst tfllfl at it ]feiSM« fib* #sa4 imtiM MnaBoaU *?** -?** ? if m VllHsV tut & %HJt ^9 tf*eliedfla|e^Ks3sTw ZST^Httsffc* MwTaMde m SiSI SBwawawjBaw^B^YswjvasaaBwayivi^B^By^s^wv m*§ fc# , .. ? ?Hie honour of playing before the enlightened audience of FrosthOl, while all ihe crowned beads, of Europe were! pining for its 'presence. - ? ^ «It was while at fyosthill that Mr: Alfred, Ancillon chanced to hear of poor Joe Wyvil's little daughter, now grown to womanhood and married to her- adopted father's only eon, and j that sicce the d*afch of Major Hereward, and the | deparfcuro cf Mr. Herewai-d for . Washington, she i had been living alone at Cloud Ciifl's. _^j 'A very na.tnral ana. inosl. cnyou tL-sire scir.edj him to behold his 'daughter. He went to Cloud j Cliffs anl introdlacfl.l hiui^lf, fi?arin«j the while that she would fail to recognise his claim uud j would deiiy him. ' Bat a-; -fate woi:U have it, she had ouJy, that day, for tbn tirs time, overhauled certain old let ters and wipf-rs, which had not toen tae light since the day sbe w;if bnrn : and in thorn she had read the story of poor Joe's life, and had ev«n seen poor Joe's photograph. ' So Wiicu he revealed himself she recognised him at onca. And when he explained that he was a fugitive from injustice, and that the extra dition treaty was in force, siio readily took the I oath of eoerecy her father prescribed for hsr — the oath that has been the cause of eo much misun derstanding, suspicion, and misery. ' Among- the papers that he found In the old trunk, -which had escaped his daughter's notice, was a diary kept by the old seaman, Zehedee Wyvii, ia which was described, auion^- other matters, the embarkation of the Senor Don Luis Zuuiga, with his wife, Donna Isabella Mendr-zi, and their infant son ; and also of the Marquis of r ? , the brother of the lady, on the Falcon, houiHward bound from Havanna to Liverpool. ' The diary, suddenly stopped and renewed ten days later, described the wreck of the F.aleon, and the distribution of the- crew and passengers into three boats ; commanded i-espectively by the captain, the first mate, and the second mate. The Marquis of ? found a plane in the cap tain's boat, the-Senor Zuniga, with his wife and ohild, in the third bor-t. v '.The diary w*-nt on to describe the sufferings Of the party in the last boat, and the subsequent death of tlie Senor and Senora, and the rescue of the only survivors, Zebedee Wyvil and tho Spanish infant. ' This record, begun in a small pocket volume, ?was continued, in similar books, and 'kept up to the end of the writer's life. And it contained a true . record of the Evanish boy's,adoption and education. ' Mr. Alfred Ancillot!, thinking that he had the best right to this, took possession of it, without saying- anything about it to his daughter. His silence on the subject was not premeditated, however, but the mere result of having so many more things to taik of. ' When, however, Mr. Ancillon went to Wash ington to play at the Varieties he happened to hear that the Marquis of ? was Minister from the Court of V ? to that capital. Sub-' sequently he saw the Minister in a public place, and certainly recognised a family likeness to ' Then he laid his little plan. When. Ms en gagement at the Varieties ended, he did not go on to St. Francisco, as he was advertised to go, but sent a youiig man of his troupe, made up to personate him, while he stayed in the cily and made himself up in his true, his eniy true character, that of the Senor Zuniga, and so pre sented himself to the Marquis of ? , as his nephew, the son of his deceased sister. ' The hidalgo' was startled, amazed, incredu lous. * But the Senor had his proofs, and these were corroborated by a strong family likeness. ? ' There was much cross-questioning and close investigation. The Marquis learned all the facts of the wreck of the Falcon, which, ljy the way, his own memory confirmed. ' He heard all about the death of his sister and brother-in-law, and the .survival and rescue of Mate Zebedee Wyvil and the infant, Zuniga, by tae Polly At»t- ' He heard all the details of the adoption, rear ing, and education of the young Zuniga by the mate, Zebedee Wyvil, and of the life of the youth, at home, at college, and at sea, up to the time of his return from his voyage with Captain Pentecost. ' But he leained nothing 61 the runaway mar riage, the trial for murder, the transportation to the penal colonies, the escape thence, the theatrical career, and eo on. * In shorti the Marquis ? learned all of his young relative that it was expedient he should know, and nothing more. ' And when he was satisfied that his nephew wanted nothing whatever from him, either of money, influence, or preferment, or any oth^r favour, and when he was pleased to see that the young, man was fairly presentable in society, he graciously acknowledged him, entertained him, and presented him to bis friends. ' You know the rest. * But this must be acknowledged — that never, in his whole successful career as an actor, did the '?world-renowned artist, Mr. Alfred Ancillon,' undertake so difficult a part, or achieve so1 splendid a triumph, as when he caused himself to be introduced to his own daughter as the Senor Zuniga, and thoroughly deceived her in regard to his identity! For although, at first, she was startled out of her self-possession by what she considered a most amazing likeness, yet still in the end she was completely deluded. %? ' Husband and Wife' will be concluded in to-morrow's issue, when a ,new and charming romance will be commenced. The title of the story is ' My Lady's Plot ; or, the Ghost of Dia volo Castle.' The interest is powerfully sus tained from the openidg chapter to the finigVi. 