sarnia. © PUBLISHED DAILY "I am in the place where I am demanded of conscience to speak the truth, and, therefore, the truth I speak, impugn it whoso list TO CORRESPONDENTS. Letters and other communications intended for inser- tion in the news columns should be addressed to THE EDITOR. Rejected letters cannot be returned under any cir- cumstances whatever. Correspondents are advised to keep copies of their letters, as this rule will be adhered to strictly. No notice can be taken of anonymous communications. Every letter must be accompanied by the name and address of the writer, not necessarily for publication, but as a guarantee of good faith. To avoid inconvenience and delay to persons interested, we have to request that all business communications, including advertisements, orders for the paper, and remittances, be addressed to WILSON AND MACKINNON, and not to THE EDITOR. Payments by post-office order, bank draft, or Victorian postage stamps will oblige. THURSDAY. JANUARY 25, 1883. Speaking at the annual meoting of the Melbourne and Suburban City Mission, the Rev. T. E. MELL »aid that '.' there are many people in Melbourne " and its suburbs who may be termed " heathens, and that while it is the " duty of the Christian portion of " the population to do what they " can in the way of sending mis " sionaries to the heathen living in " other countries, they should certainly " do their very best to Christianise the " heathen population living at their own " door! " These aro truths which we have Deen endeavouring io press upon the attention of tho churches for years past, and we aro glad to lind that some of the clergy aro at length be- coming alive to their importance. All must recognise the obligation which ' rests upon those who bear tho Christian name to endeavour to have the Gospel preached to every creature. In a supremo moment the great Founder of their religion bade his followers go into all the world to pro- claim' His message of peace and goodwill to humanity. But before He left his disciples to propagate the faith, and to seal their testimony with their blood, he prescribed their method of procedure, "llepontance and " remission 01 sins" were to DO proacuea " in His name among all nations, bo V ginning at Jerusalem." Missionaries at the present day would do well to note the order in which the work of the apostles was set out before them. Their fellow-countrymen were to re- ceive attention in the first place, and it was only after their spiri- tual wants had been provided for that the message was to be dolivered to the Gentile nations. In modern times a different course has been adopted. Men fired with missionary zeal have considered themselves bound to compass sea and land to make their proselytes, although they need only have turned up the nearest alleys of their native towns, or visited the hovels of the peasantry, in order to find fellow creatures of the same race as themselves-membors of the same national household, perishing for lack of knowledge. Is this right 1 Is it natural 1 We say, and in saying it wo believe that we give utterance to the opinion of all who havo studied the question free from profes sionai Dias or ecclesiastical projuaico, it is neither just nor seemly By all means lot the story of the Cross be told in every region of the world, but before any community undertakes the task of taking tho mote from the eyo of other societies, it should bo careful to cast out the beam from its own Ample piovision for domestic wants should bo a condition piocedont to out side eflbit This is not selfdkness, but a proper and intelligent an ingénient As men and women are bound by natural and Divine law to próvido in tho first place for then own children, so aro nations enjoined, by every sound consideration, to sot their ow n houses in oidei before attempting to introduce reforms into those of their neighbours What is moro likely to bailie the most earnest mis sionary efforts than the existence of heathen masses in the country from which the evangelists go forth masses that aro moro degiaded in their vices, then ignorance, their bestial habits, squalor, and hlth, than my so called savages w ho over walked the earth 1 The British nation is accustomed to plume itself on the vast sums it is in tho h ibit of spending an nually in endeavouring to spread the religion of Cmusi, and wa do not wonder at tho Belf complacency which springs from the contemplation of the magnificent liberality displayed Valuable lives are saenfited and huu dreds of thousands are yearly spent in attempting to turn the lower races of mankind from darkness to light, from tlio slavery inseparable from a cor- rupted nature to the liberty of a higher existence. All this is good, and wo would be the last to de preciato the merit of so much dis- interested and self-denying effort. Wo Bee that most of the subscribers aro necessarily actuated solely by a sense of duty, and although some of the mis- sionaries may not bo moved solely by that "love for souls" of which wo hoar BO much and see so littlo, wo cannot withhold respect from a body of men which has contained within its ranks a WILLIAMS, a PATTERSON, a MOFFAT, a LIVINGSTONE, and many othor able men of simple nature and un- doubted earnestness. But, notwith- standing all this, there is a doad fly in the ointment of tho apothecary which causes it " to send forth a stinking " savour," and that fly is tho subordina tion of home missions to foreign. When the churches throughout British Ohris tendom are called 011 to render an account of their stewardship, the com- parativo neglect of the work that lies to their hands will assuredly rise up ¡u judgment and condemn thom. Those who have read the two aiticlea we have published on "The Bael; " Slums " of Melbourne cannot bo ignorant of the vast need there ia for missionary work among the heathen of Victoria. If there are auy who havo not made themselves acquainted with the facts therein detailed, they had better do so at once, for no member of the community can escape his or her share of the responsibility for the exist- ence of such a hideous state of affaira, We can scarcely imagine anyone rising from the perusal of thoso reports with- out a fixed détermination to consider ia futuio the claims of his own country. men before those of Hottentots, nerzroo? Papuans, or South Sea Islanders. Any. thing more dreadful than the following description is scarcely conceivable : " Down vve como again and out at the back- door, paBPing there a heap of rubbish and decaying matter. lu the corner of tho yard where the cloaet atanda ia a a m all tumble. down looking hut, coaled with filth, fit fot nothing but a pig's-Btjo. On the earthen floor of the eittingrooin crouch fuur haga aud two beeotlcd men of the same c'aaj. , , , The two men must be 50 yeara of rise, and tho women must average CO. They spend the day iu. thia loathsome hovel drinking beer. , . . To hold up a photographic picture of them and their squalid aurronnd inga would shock the feeliuga of the com. munily. It will therefore be sufficient to say that tiley wallow hlio brute heists, in their filthy den." Speaking of another place the writer says : " Some seven or eight yeara ago a mau waa murdered in the ¡rou garret, and the young woman who renta tbe houae aaya it baa been haunted ever aince. ' But I take care,' she Baie, ' never to hear the ghost walk, for I go to bed inebriated every night I1 " We need not go further. lu the back slums of Melbourne is an opening for mission work which throws all (¡olds m parlions iiifidc/ivm into the shade. How little is done, however, to reclaim the poor creatures who inhabit them from their wallowings in the miro of siu and misery, The Melbourne, Suburban, and City Mission continues to exist, but it is miserably supported. The subscriptions mid donations during the year 18S2 only amounted to £837 7s. 8d. TUB state of affairs is undoubtedly bettor than that which existed a few years ago, when the society nearly collapsed through want of funds, but how utterly insignificant is tho sum provided compared with the work to be done. If the back slums were situated on some island of Molanesia, and inhabited by men and women with dark skins, thousands would be forthcoming for their evangelisation in place of the hun- dreds now received; and instead of the work being undertaken by a few lay agents at starvation salaries, it would be done by reverend missionaries in the enjoyment of stipends large enough to prevent anxiety about woildly con- cerns, We ask for a larger nipisuro of support for the City Mission and kindred agencies, in order that they may grapple more effectually with the igno t-nnrn, tim «in, tho misery, nnd the sorrow of this vast city, ami take away from us, as a nation, tho" reproach of saving otherB while remaining iiidtn'areiit to the spiritual destitution of our own castaways. Eecent political developments in tho United States aro of world-wide inte- rest. For the past few years the Demo- cratic party has been steadily coming to the front, and in November last it gained an astonishing series of successes at the polls. The result is that it will have a large majority in the House of liepresentatives in the new Congress, that it hopes to obtain a substantial majoiity in the Senate, and that it will enter with good spirits upon the Presi- dential campaign. What most interests the world at large, however, is that in the hour of victory the party is mani- festing a determination to do its utmost to give practical effect to its two great principles of free trade and of civil ser- vice reform. The magnitude of the victory is best shown by the attitude of the defeated party. Thus with regard to civil sorvico reform,President ARTHUR, in Ins annual message after the November rout, aban- dons his position of raising this objec- tion and that, and in plain language says that political patronage has been con- demned, and that it is the duty of Con- gress to relievo tho Executive of tho burden of appointing tho servants of the state. Ile boldly declaros that the Democratic bill before the Senate will accomplish the desiied end, and should be adopted. " It matters littlo to tlio (I """"1« "(. lnvrro » ha anira " u-lllf Mm. iiéiujjiu ne laitie;, no oujo, nu»"»»T " pètent person is at tho head of this " depaitment or of that bureau, if thoy " feel assured that the romoval of ono " and the accession of another will not " involve the retirement of honest and " faithful subordinates, whoso duties are " purely administrative, and have no " legitimate connexion with the triumph " of any political piinciples or the "success of any political paityorfac " tion." When' the professional politi- cians give way, thero is hopo that tho end is not far oír. The prospects of tai iff reform in tlio States appear to bo equally encouraging. A commission appointed by tho Re- publican Congress, and intended to bo a sham, has repoited in favour of a general decreaso of duties by 20 pee cent., and of a large extension of the free ist, and such a protectionist journal as The Tribune is training its readers to i accept the inevitable. A recent cabial messogo states that it is not likely that/ he proposed reduction will bo madal this session, and this was expected, bej cause the newly elected mombo do not take their seats for some tin to como, and the CongrossionJ control remains practically for anoth year with tue íiupue-. , though tho republicans may avl fiscal reform at the boginningl 1883, the Democratic party haa gd fair warning that it will revio* Í position at the close of the year.« immense reduction of taxation isf possiblo in the States, in coiisequcil the repayment of the national deb» the party claim that advantago ml token of the opportunity to r# tariff principles. The DemocratJ is outspoken. So aro tho Deni members. Thoy would bo subjcj storm of abuse in this colonyF patriotic ; they would bo accuseof 5Xg down the country;" but they ore ÍS, way, because they appeal to the j¡f poles upon which patriotism ¡U?oaÍw the vigour with which the ¡.«inaiga ¡3 carried on in the States ^n,ôv nuote specimen utterances of Shas achieved a brilliant sue Sfa Ohio. He has been returned 1Î) Pnntrress by an overwhelming f Sority, and he describes his position Ï as follows :- .",_,. - I . »ii."mafreetrader, and intend fi«"«*'» f " ¿JTL_ 0nt of season, by night and by î ÏM Protection ia abolished and trade ' t*5'. ree.Hook with utter abhorrence 2Ä" the ayatem of protection. No tt'Caiicht to my to me, . Though you Sriw»b»t jon want cheaper elsewhere ,W "attie B5aíem of slaverraboliehed i'íbe late wat the owner had he right foi HUe lime and wagen of the slave línder this system of protection the selle "to about half of tbo wanes, and to hat fgree might just ne well.havo the abiolate disposal of that amount cf time, of the ¿tourer. The trouble with our manufac. iBiera iB that they look only to the benefits of ¿"tectioa without considering ita burdens I believe that more than one-half of tho manufacturers of tina country will find upon ^ruination that nil that protection R.ves tom in increase* of price it tata away L thom in tho increase of prices of the , ¿ateríala, toola, buildings, and machinery j Key are obliged to hove iu order to manufac ' ture at aU." .Tnete can bo no mistake about Mr 1 HUKD'S position. His views are sutli ciently plain, and tens of thousands of votes have been given him to carry . them into effect. Mr. HUBD con , linues : "If the Democratic party deairea to con iinue in power it muât propoae a aonaible »Un of reduction of tariff taxation ; it must ledoce the turill in the intereat of revenue MdstripHof all ita protective features as ««'eily as it can he done without injury to tested inteieats, w t'a a view to ultimate free |r»de with all the world. I think the victory Ms owing in a great measure to old demo- crats returning to the fold, seeing that the Democratic parly ie getting back to ita old (Osition on the free- trado question, _ My can. «tes was made 6quure)y upon that issue, and J propose, ao fur na iu mo liea, to carry that canvass ¡uto the country at large, and havo BO doubt the next presidential campaign will ¡K fought largely, if not entirely, upon that iuae. I have nlwiiye asserted, and still Aisert, that labour ¡B more interested in the abolition of protection than any othor element if oursociets. The highest wages paid iu the World to-day are p.iid by free-trade England. ¡The higher the tarin everywhere in the old irorld, the lower the wagoa, and the lower .the tariff the higher the wages. In this country, with a strictly revenuo tariff, the [, Ubourer would receive the highest wage3 in ttenorld, As it is, the last 10 year j show , that uuder the protective system his wages | luve been Bcarccly enough to keep the liboDter and his family from starvation." Comments upon the address are un [? Uectfcsary. We quote it merely as a Bign of the times. But the conviction is strong that success is but a question of lime when the truth thus finds fearless champions. Tho New York World, Hie mincinul newsntiDer of the nartv. is B .equally pronounced. Nearly every day it gives illustrations of how protection cripples production and calls for action, lhe World admits that " the practical " questions to be faolved in applying the ." democratic doctrine of ' a tariff for 'revenue only' to the actual condition i of (¿io country are many and serious." But it says, "A Democrat must regard a I .' pi otectivo tariff as a mistake and a ""''píceo of usurpation. He must be in " favour of cutting off every subsidy ; " that the tariff grants which can be cut " oil without deranging an importaut '' industry, and he must be opposed to .' adding to the number of subsidised .' industries on any pretext whatever. '' lu a word, he must be in favour of a I1 tai iff for revenue only as nearly as V such a tariff can be attained in the \- 'V actual condition of this country É Under tho disadvantages imposed by 1 a Kepublican tariff for protection," 'lleform without injury to vested ¡-^jinteiests" is therefore likely to be the î^iDeinucratic programme for 1883-4, At ' s'tliis distance we caunot well estimate lhe pi aspects of success in the campaign. Ride ibsues may affect the result. ¡But both the stated objects of the party .-that of purifying the public service and that of removing the dead baud of protection-command the sympathies of humanity. In England there will be but one voico. The tide, it will be hoped, has turned. The American Blave has obtained his freedom, and now there is the expectation that ardour in a , 'good cause may in some degree remove J|£he shackles from American industry. ~ i After what hua boon saitl roccntly with I «regard to tlio City Licensing Bench, _wo <>j lied that it ÍB hardly neoossary to remind ' |iho magistrates of Melbourne of tho elec- tion w liich takes placo to-day. Wo boliovo -;lhat now attention hits boon callod to tho IBvila which havo reaulted from tho indif- ference hitherto displayed in connexion Jft-ith tliia tnattor, theru will bo no furthor cauoo for complaint. Tbo Lioonsing Act no fioubt requires amondinont in many par- ticulars, but we think that ita principlesaro Bound. It only reimiies to bo properly .»voiked, and its workiug dopends on iirely on tlio caro nnd judgment with Which tho justices as it body select Iheir reprosontatives, The lettor of iho law rondora it dillioult to muko a judicious selection, but if all ¡those who aro qualified to act or to ,»oto will ondoavour to do tho best thoy can under tho circumstances, wo nood . Siavo littlo fenr aa to tho result. Evory ono imiBt allow that the City Licona ' Ing Bench during tho piiBt year has given good causo for dissatisfaction. Wo rio not think that the business could havo fceen conducted in a moro discreditable Way if thoso who composed tho Courl had deliberately sot them- selves to bring it into contempt. If ¿lioso who had rt right to docido on its Konstitution could havo forosoen what at would do, it is certain that thoy would »ave exertod thomsolvea to provont tho Bcandal that has been occasioned by its JirocecdiiigB. However, wo may lot by- gones bo bygones. What has happened cannot bo undone. Our concern is now ?»in, ii,- e..i-_i -i - . -.i .1 g ..« um minn,, .um ii romains «un ino justices to mako it aa uuliko tho paat aa Oossiblo. Wo havo no hesitation in Bay- ing that if wo could only socuro good liLonsiiig magiatratos, thoro would Boon bo an end to all the reason- able- complainta that aro now urged against tho liconsing system. Advantago ?' Trould bo taken ot legitimate opportu- nities to rcduco the numbor of public »ouBi'B, and thoso that romained would laen lie able to próvido docent main ioiianco for thoir proprietors, without ro courso being had to thoao disroputablo jpracticca whioh bring the liconsod vic , jtuahci s trade into diaroputo. Wo now t »oavo tho matter in tho hands of tho J . metropolitan juBtices, in tho confident expectation that they will do thoir duty _ Every conference of the Beeta naturally proceeds to address itaelf to the burning question of tho Bible in state aohoola ïhe \\\ esleyan Conferonco hia apont two daj a in discussing the îaauo, with tho result that yeatorday it declared in favour of tho Bible in State School League by an overwhelming majority No complaint can be made that the proceodmgs lacked animation On thocontrarj, the heat of ti o debato ia to bo re"iotted Nothing ia gained by scornful allusions to the oppo nents of the league as composed of " spiritists and aeculanata, ' and of declaruig that the Boman Catholic clergy " cannot look men in tho " face, and " would join the Mau of Sin " himBolf if they could gain their onda " thereby ' Nor on tho other hand aro the critics of tho league at all justified in wantonly insulting auch a man as Bishop MOORHOUSL by describing lum aa " as "tuto and ablo, but no moro to bo " trusted than tho Roman Catholic " Archbishop, who was no moro to bo " trusted thin tho devil AU this affords food for tho scolkra What ia tho use of a Christian training, thoy aak, unless ltproduees charity, kindliness, and foibearanco,and how can auch quahtieä bo reconciled v.ith tholan/uifxo quoted ! Iho judicious will grlo\o gieatly over both tho tono and tho language of many of tho ^ eslej an orators What v. o would point out, hov>o\er, is that tho conferouco made no cilort to anBV>ei the point repeatedly put to it, and stated by ono speaker as follows - " It " appeared to lum that it waa abaurd to " talk about teaching tho Biblo in the " state schools hore with 1,58G teachers " who wero Roman Catholtes and 500 " sceptics and inûdola Waa it to thaso " men that Wosloyan Methodists woro " willing to entrust the îellgioua mstruo " tion of thou cluldron?" "Much ex " plaualion," it waa urged, would not bo rcquued, but would tho Presbyterian consent to this explanation being givon by a Roman Catholic, and would tho Koman Catholics submit to tho illustra tions and comments of a Unitarian, a spiritist, or an " infidel " t Mr. WiiiiLKioitcE SiariinN, who drow tho act, was a good churchman, and the practical diihculty which diovo him to tho seculai system docs, in fact, exist to d ty Tho sects vvould fail to agioo amoiyat themselves when ideas carno to bo tr ins formed into a working day tealitj Par- liament, it may bo added, pays small attention to tho resolutions of cloncal conferences These bodies allclaimtohavo tho laity behind thom, but tho pohtiei ins do not belies o tho assertion If tho politicians aro w rong and the conferences aie right, it may be suggested that the latter would do v.eil to demonstrate tholr strength by placing thoir iioraliieei or représentâmes on tho school boards The table issued from the Melbourne Observatory showing the rainfall for December last, and for the whole year ending on the 31st of that month, pub lished in The Age, of Wednesday, con- tains information of a valuable and in- teresting character. It is the first occasion on which the annual return has been compiled according to the system of classification adopted by Mr ELLERY, and the advantage of the change is apparent. The stations are grouped together into basins or districts, and it is seen at a glance what divisions of the colony are well favoured as to rainfall, and what divisions suffer from deficiency of moisture. The early part of 1882 was a period of severe drought, which proved disastrous to the agricultural and pastoral interests of tho colony, but after the break-up in April the rains were more plenteous. Except in the case of Mel- bourne, the record has not been kept long enough to enable us to say how the rain- fall of 1882 compared with the average, but a cursory examination of the figures shows that at the majority of the stations a bountiful fall was experienced. Out of 112 cases in which complete returns are given, there are only 34 in which the rainfall wsa less than 20in. In 78 cases the rainfall was over 20in., in 44 cases it was over 25in , in 24 cases it was over 30in., and in six cases it was over 40in. The vast differences of climate existing within comparatively narrow bounds are shown by the fact that at Beenak the rainfall was 60.03in., while at Tyntyndyer it was only 11.87in. Those are the two extremes, and there are very few instances beyond these in which either the higher or the lower limit is approached. As a rule, the rainfall is heaviest in the alpine and sub-alpine dis- tricts, but it is worthy of note that there is a great contrast between the returns from two mountain stations at about the same altitude, viz., Beenak and Upper Macedon. At the former the quantity, as we have seen, was over 60in., while at the latter it was only 28.56in. The great discrepancy is accounted for to some extent by the difference in situa tion as regards the sea coast, but there can be no doubt that the destruction of the Macedon forests has had a consider- able effect also. It will probably occur to most readers of the returns that the Victorian climate altogether cannot be so dry as it is generally supposed to be. In many portions of the colony, as the figures show, the annual rainfall is greater than it is in England, while no district is so badly off that it could not, in some parts of the year, store up suf- ficient water to satisfy its most pressing needs during the dry months. The statistics are instructive, as indicating what the colony has lost by its neglect of water conservation. The action of tho Bonaparte family has re suited in a Ministetial crisia in 1 ranee Besides the ex 1 mprese Tugenio thePrmceas Clothilde wifeof thelni ceNiipoleon andina elder sister the lrincoss Mathilde the widow of the lute Prince Demidofl liaie made their appearance in Ians and defied tho Government to expel thom Itiotous demonstrations havo taken place in I ana in favour of strong moasurea berne, adopted by the Government towards tho 1 rotendera to the Trench throne and tho members of tho Cabinet being divided in opin ou aa to the best course to adopt the majority ha^e resigned only the 1 remior M Duclerc and tho Ministers of \V ar nud Marino retaining ofhee A committee has been ap pointed by tho Chamber of Deputies to cou sidcr the question and a majority of thom are Btated to be in favour of the expulsion of Punco Napc- lcoi Hie Spanish Govern meut have taken possession of lav Invi one of the principal islands of the Sooloo \rchipelago Iheso 1 a be tween the Spanish possessions m the Philippino Islands and Borneo Tavi lav being only a few miles from the north eastern end of that island, and tberforo not far from the territory recently occupied by the North Borneo Companj M Gustavo Dore, the celebrated Trench artiBt, has died suddenly and unexpectedly from the effects of a chill, at tho comparativolv early age of 51 Some particulars of hia life aud career will bo found in another column 'lhe RMSS Indus, from London Did Sue¿ and Colombo, arrived last evening lier dates of English papers aro to tho ljth ult Tbe Indus is a favourite steamer on the Australian line, and left London with a larr;o number of paeaengers She haa also a full general cargo for these colonies The Indua had no fower than 488 bags and packagea of mails They wero apportioned aa followB - Melbourno, 182, Geelong and Western dis- trict, 39, Tasmania, 41, New Zealand, 123, New South Wales, 72 Queensland, 20, and Noumea, 8 The Tasmamau maila were transhipped at the HeadB The Sydney and Queensland portions wero to be de spatched overland. Captain S D, Shal lard ia still in command of the Indi» Serious inconvenience waa caused, we are informed, by the circumstance that thero was no train at the Williamstown pier to convey passengers and their lug- gage to Melbourne It waa painful to seo ladies and gentlemen trying to make their way along the lines of rail, tottering under heavy loads of luggage, inquiring anxiously for the Btation, and finding when they got there that they had to wait an hour for the ordinary triim Tho mail boats arc invariably punctual to time, and it would not be diflicult to arrange for a special train to be m attendance when the passengers disembark at the Williamstown pier The Ministers of Railways and Mines visited Daylesford yesterday to take part in some public ceremonials which were to be carried out under the direction of the local borough council The ceremonials were commenced by the Minister of Mines, who, at the invitation of the council, laid the first reticulation pipe of the new Dayles ford water supply scheme Mr Stan bridge, M L C , mayor of Daylesford, then laid the memorial stone of the new town hall, and a banquet was afterwards given by the borough council to celebrate the laying of the pipe and memorial stone, and also the completion of tho Daylesford rail- way The toasts usual on such occasions were proposed and responded to, and, though it was understood that politics were not to be introduced, they were incidentally touched upon by moat of the speakers Mr Williams, M L A , in replying to the toast of the ex- Ministers, said there was more fight left in the members of the Berry Ministry than they had shown in the past, and that when the proper time came people would see the flashing sword as they had seen it in the past He was pro ceeding to make further remarks in the same strain, but was called to order by one of the guests, and then contented himself by saying that the ex- Minister would fight as well in the future as they had done in the past, and that he hoped they would be successful. Tbo Education Commission has been re commended by the radical organ to inves tigate what is alleged to be gross political patrouogo and jobbery in the case of a Misa Sheridan, workmiBtress at the North Wanga ratta state school Why Major Smith and Mr Hall, M L A , who appear to be respon Eible for the appointment of the lady referrod to, should be now attacked it ia difiuult to conjecture Trom the correspondence relating to the appointment of Miss Sheridan, it ap peara that on the 2jth November, 18S0 she wrote to Mr Bolton, M L A , asking him to UBIS bia influence to obtain bor appointment aa workmiBtreBS in the North Wangaratta Btate school Mr Boltou forwarded tina letter to ti e Minister (Major Smith) recom mending it to his favourable considera tioti The Munster, however, did not act on this recommendation, but on March 2, 1881, Mr Hall, who was a thick and thin supporter of the then Ministry, wrote the following letter to Major Smith, the then Minister of Education -"The Library, Parliament of Victoria To the Minister of Public Education Sir,-I trust you have not forgotten jour promise to grant the appointment of Bowing mistress of tbo Vi ungaralta school to Miss Sheridan I un derstand the temporary school opens this week -\ours obediently, G W Hall This communication seems to have roused the dilatory Major into taking prompt mea sures to havo the appointment made, for on tbo Burne day that the letter was received lie wrote the following Ministerial order on the letter written by Mr Hall - " Mo -2 | 3 | SI -Lot the appointment bo made-IV". C S The appointmont was accordingly made a few dava afterwards the meantime the head teacher of tho school, hearing of what had been done, wrote to .he department, stating that he was about shortly to he married, and requesting that tho appointment of sewing mistress should be postponed, suggesting that his wife would bo suitable for the position The Minister, however, adhered to his intention to appoint Miss Sheridan as sowing mistress, and she OESumed the duties of that olheo on the 2rth May, 1881. The preparations for the "stop" tests, which are to be applied to-day to the West ínghouse and Woods brakes, were com- pleted yesterday, and as there will practically be about five hours during which a clear line will be available, there is every probability of these initial trials being properly made. The special trains which are fitted with the two inventions will start from Spencer-street station this morning at 10.50 and 11 a.m. re- spectivey, arriving at Werribee at 11.30 and 11.40. The first trial journey will be made from Werribee station at noon, the run being in the direction of Little River station, at which place the line will be " blocked " for other traffic. The trains will return to Werribee at 2.29 in the afternoon, in order to allow the ordinary train to pass. At 3 o'clock another trial journey will be made to Little River and back, Werribee station being reached at 5.9 p.m. This will conclude the day's proceedings, and the two trains will then return to Melbourne. The trials have been so arranged as not to inter- fere with the ordinary traffic. 1 or some time p ist the Government have had in contemplation a new bill relating to the adulteration of food, by which some of the abuses at present existing might be done away with. At first tho scope of the bill was limited to tea, and the present Tea Adultera tion Act was passed , but it has been thought highly necessary thut a measure should be fiamed to include all kinds of food etuffs into willen aeicterious auuatitue.es uavu of late been BO generally introduced as to call frr strong legislative action Sir Bryan OLoghlcn and Mr Graves were yesterday engaged upon drafting the new measure, but did not go further than to draw up a rough outline of its principal features rood, drink and drugs will come under the operation of the bill Penalties will be imposed upon persons who are convicted of mixing any kind of injurious matter with food, drink, or drugs, or of selling any such mixture A provision ia inserted prohibiting tho mixture of un n jurioua eubatanccs with food, drink, or drugs, by which the public may be deceived as to the quality of 'ho article sold, or which may have the effect of increasing its bulk, cjccplmg when such substance is unavoid ably collected during the process of manufacture Sellers of food, drink, or drugs aro also prohibited from selling articles from which any portion of the proper constituent qualities or elementa havo been abstracted A clause will bo added to the bill to provide for its administration, but it liaB not yet been decided whether this shall be placed in tho banda of the police or the excise oilicera 1 ho final clauae give3 to I ereona convicted bj police coart magistrates the rit,ht to appeal to the Court of Quarter SiBBioiiB and to proceed against the original sellers of tbo articles for tho adulteration of winch tliej have been convicted The new measure will as soon as possible be drafted in proper form and it is intended to introduce it Boon after the re assembling of Parha ment The Tariff Commission and attendant Par- Iiamentary party visited Horsham yesterday. Much interest was manifested in the pro- ceedings, the shire-hall being filled with local farmers, several of whom were examined. On behalf of those present the witnesses in the agricultural interest complained of the unjust burden of taxation to which they were subjected by the heavy duties on agricultural implements and machinery, cornsacks, &c.; They declared unreservedly in favour of free trade, particularly as between the colonies. Subsequently the party, which included 13 members of Parlia- ment, were driven across the Wimmera, and inspected some old quarries, which represent the only stone formation near Horsham. A light tramway to convey grain and stone for ballasting new railways is required, and the members of the party were asked to take notes on the subject. In the evening a banquet was given in the local Mechanics' Institute in honour of Horsham being proclaimed a borough. The town was en fete, the main street being illuminated with gas, and the Horsham brass band mustering in strong force. Over 100 citizens attended the banquet, the place of honour beside the chairman being given to Mr Mirams, chairman of the Tariff Com mission, whose manner of conducting the proceedings of that body was favourably commented upon. To day the commission sit at Dimboola, where another banquet awaits the party on Friday night. With regard to the board appointed to inquire into the claims for damages arising out of the late collision on the Hawthorn railway, a circular is to be sent to all the claimants, asking them if they are willing to remit their cases to the board. If they consent to do so, they will be called on to sign forms of submission, by which they will bind themselves to accept the decision of the board. The bore in the Madame Berry claim, Creswick, is down 455ft, in drift, and the company wish to get to the bottom of the wash. There is, however, a difficulty in the way, as the diamond drill in use is not well adapted to boring through couutry of that character, and is liable to damage if the boring is continued. But the Minister of Mines has consented to allow the company to go deeper on the condition that they pay for any damage that may be done to the machine. The Hawthorn railway accident formed the subject of a criminal prosecution at the City Court yesterday before Mr. Call, P.M , and a bench of magistrates. Benjamin Steward Thompson and Wm. Hunt, the Hawthorn stationmaster and the guard of the Box-hill train, having been proceeded against on sum- monses charging them with having feloniously killed and slain William Cozens Thomas, the caretaker of the Weeleyan Church, Lonsdale- street, on the 3rd of December last. Mr A. W. Chomley, who conducted the case for the Crown, stated that the prosecution was instituted for the purpose of simplifying the issue and clearing the depositions taken before the coroner of extraneous matter. This was done in the interest of justice, as it was felt that while the questions of the brakes, the staff system, the block system, and similar involved matters continued to be mixed up with the question of whether the defendants neglected to discharge their duties properly or not, the case would have been too involved to put to any jury. The evidence was then taken of Messrs. John Anderson, Richard Ponting, John D. Baxter, Robert Eastwood, Wm. A. Moore, John Griffin, Wm. B. Gedge, William Roberts, Henry Smith, and Thos. C. Kitchen, all of whom were exa- mined at the coroners inquest. No addi- tional evidence was given, and with the exception that all irrelevant and extraneous matter was excluded, it was identical with that taken before Dr. Youl at the Manchester Unity Hall when the defendants were com- mitted for trial for manslaughter. Shortly before 5 o'clock the Court adjourned, and the defendants were remanded until half past 1 o'clock this afternoon, when the remaining witnesses, 18 in number, will probably be heard, and the case disposed of, as the greater portion of the testimony to be taken is of a merely formal description. Mr J. S. C. Anderson defended Thompson, and Mr. T. P. Hamilton defended Hunt. Mr C Mollison, ex P M , Captain Payne, and Mr Palmer, superintendent of police, have been appointed a board to inquire into charges of misconduct preferred against Con- stables Walkinshaw, Norgate, and Watson in connexion with a recent smuggling case 1 he Central Board of Health ia beatirrmg itself about a nuisance near the state school at KiugBton, to which its attention was called by the local board of advico The nuisance is caused by a slaughter yard According to a oonstabla who reported on the matter, the fumes from a heap of offal thero are Btrong enough to " smother boea Instructions to forthwith stop the nuisance have been issued to tho local board of health Wa are requeBted to intimate that in accordance with an advertisement in another column a meeting of the central committee of the Creswick Disaster Kohef 1 und will be held in tho Town hall, Melbourne, on Tnday next at half past 3 o clock, when the draft report of the sub committee appointed to inquire into the circumstances of each case, and who viBited Creswick for the purpose, will bo submitted It is desirable that tho committee should be in possession of the total sum which tho fund has reached up to the present time in order that they may have a basis to work from and they have therefore advertised for all subscriptions to be sont in to the Mayor of Melbourne not later than Saturday next It has been decided by the Customs depart- ment to blow up with dynamite the sunken wreck of the schooner Yarra which is lying in Warrnambool harbour. The sunken vessel is a great impediment to navigation, and men with the necessary appliances will be sent to Warrnambool at once to remove it. The Harbour Trust commissioners held their usual meeting yesterday, the Hon. T. Loader presiding. The principal business was a recommendation brought up by the Works Committee that a plan (submitted) of works to be carried out at the Sandridge Lagoon be adopted and tenders called for. Mr. Nimmo moved the adoption of the recommendation, urging that the proposed works would give the lagoon a depth of water at low tide of 6ft., and ensure a safe harbour for boats. Mr. Lorimer opposed the adop tion of any plan which was not in accord with Sir John Coode's scheme, but as he con- sidered that it was now too late to draw back, he suggested that a competent profes- sional man be asked to give an opinion on the plan. He also moved that the plan be not adopted for the present, but that tenders be invited for the work in order that its cost might be more exactly ascertained. Some discussion ensued, the original motion being eventually carried by eight votes to four. The action of tho committee of tho Mel bourne Hospital in diBallowing the can didatnro of Mr T B Gregory and Mr L L, Lewis is challenged by those gentlemen, who, in a letter which ap- pears elsewhere, protest againBt the Btep taken by tho committee as arbitrary and illegal. They state the grounds upou which tbey make the proteBt, and warn the com- mittee that if their names are excluded from the ballot papers the election will bo void The committee, it would appear, has already given effect to its decision by sanctioning the publication of an advertisement in which the names of Mr Lewis and Mr Gregory, and the name of Mr Le Capelain also, are omitted from tho list of candidates, which is given thus - " The follow mg gentlemen, who retiro from office are eligible for re election, ond offer themselves accordingly -AB vice president the Hon Robert Stirling Anderson, M L C as mcmbeiB of committee, Mejsrs li M GibbB, H J Hart, and C 1 Plunket, and the following gentlemen offer themselves for j election -Aa vice president, Messrs J M Bruce, Wm Gillbee, and Alex. Marks, as members of committee, Meaars J, Coutie, ThOB J. Davey, T. R Godfrey, and JaB Macdougall ' The Commissioner of Customs haa received a telegram from the Secretary of Customs, Wellington, New Zealand, informing him that a proclamation haa been îaaued in that colony prohibiting the importation of grapes, grape vinea, and cutting«. The supposed object of this action IB to prevent tho introduction of phylloxera into New Zealand In connexion with this subject, it may be interesting to state that a large consignment of grapes from Trance to Melbourne was recently transhipped at this port, and sent on to New Zealand. The boilers of the Cerberus are now finished, and were yesterday inspected by Mr. Huysman, chief engineer of the vessel. The Cerberus has been lightened as much as pos- sible during the past week, and she will be taken up the Yarra in a few days to have the old boilers removed and the now ones in serted. Mr. Wilson has yet to pass the work, which, however, is said to be faithfully executed. The contractors, Messrs. Foreman and Co., have considerably exceeded their time. The delay is accounted for by their having to wait the arrival of material ordered in the home market. Concerning the Victorian loan proposals, Messrs Wm Westgarth and Co mote in their circular of December 10 -' In most of the Australasian colonies a great scale of public works, moro especially in railway ex- tension, is being projected by the various Gov ernuientB That of Victoria in particular has already entered upon a fresh expenditure m that way of aa much as £4,000 000, and a loan in London for that amount, which is of unprecedented magnitude for that colony, has already been arranged for issue early next year, nut as an amount neany as large may have to be issued, in addition, in view of pay- ing off a previous loan issue falling due on 1st October next, somo difliculty must be looked for m dealing with two such large amounts within the year. The expectation of the Victorian Government that much of the loan about to fall due (which con- sists of G per cents ) might bo renewed bj the holders m 1 per cents, ia not likely to be realised, aa tho sixes are already being rapidly bought up by banka under tho tempta lion of their short currency, and of course in view of cash at maturity, as though these securities wero ordinary first-class bills, In any case it will not do to bring out two Buch loane in one j ear, The beat course probably will be lo reduco as much aa possible the colony's requirement of the £1,000,000 of free h monej, so aa to make a minimum loan of perhaps six or six and a half millions in all for the j ear. But Victoria must not expect that in launching such huge amounts any near ap proucb to the top prices of the market can posbibly be secured to her. The market must have their ' turn,' otherwise they will not move. The option of inscription, which, it is understood, will be the privilege of the new loan, will no doubt greatly facilitate its Bale." The following is from the Colonies an I India, of December 0 -" Last week special reference waa made to the growth of journalistic enterprise in Sydney as part of the rapid development of the colony of New South Wales. Similar evidence of tho high rank which colonial newspapers take in the journalistic world ia to be met with in Hol- bourne, the lateat instance being the fact that in consequence of the pressure of con- tributions and news in the various depart- ments of 'lhe Aiibhalasiaii, as well as the constant additions to the advertising columns from all the colonies of Australasia, the pro- prietors havo determined to enlarge it by adding four pages to the weekly supplement, which will henceforth consist of 20 pages, making the paper one of 52 pages, or 200 columna. No other journal of that si/e is published m the colonies, and there are few anywhero which can be considered superior m point of variety and fulness of informa- tion " Tho Wesleyan Conference (clerical and lay representatives) further discussed, yesterday, the question of religious education, on the motion introduced by tbe Rev, W. H 1 Kellett tile previous day, to the edect that the conference rejoiced in the establishment of the Bible m State Schools League, and gave it ita hearty support The motion was eventually adopted by an overwhelming mujonlj, tho president saying that he could only see seven hands held up in opposition to it Detectives Duncan aud Kett have been directed to investigate the circumstances at tendu g the death of the girl Ada Fuge, which took place at a house in Lust Melbourne on the 11th niBt At the coroner 8 inquest, which was held shortly -after the occurrence, the jury returned a verdict that death resulted from blood poisoning caused by abortion. The stnlies won at the late meeting of the Victorian Club wero paid over yesterday Cheques for the following amounts were e,iv en -W J Kedfeurn, for the Victorian Oold Cup, £520, Sir Thomas Elder, drat ia the Bookmakers' Purse, third in the Vic- torian Oold Cup, l.ibj ; Mr \V. Branch, urst in the Ivioyearold SlakeB, £213, Mr. K Howie, first in the Steeplechase, £.103 , Mr T. Miller, first in the Hurdle Race, ¿111, Mr. H I isher, first in the Selling Race, £100, Mr. C , Wilson, second in the A. ictorian Oold Cup, £30, Mr. W. Bailey, Becond in the Bookmakers' Purso, 130 , Mr ]J de Mestre, Becond in the Two year old Stakes, £30 , Mr T. W. Phillips, second in the Steeplechase, £30, Mr. T. Naghten, Becond in the Hurdle Race, £20 > Mr. T. Wilson, third m the Bookmakers' Purse, £20, Mr J, A Lang, third in the Two year-old Stakes, £15, Mr. W B. Power, third in the Steeplechase, £13 ; Mr. A V. Sullivan, third in the Hurdle Race, £10 Total, il.ilO. The annual meeting of the governors of tho Melbourne Hospital will be held at the hospital, Lonsdale street, at noon to-day, when the report of the committee of manage- ment will be received. At the meeting of the Emerald hill Council, held last night, a letter was received from the secretary of the Railway department, in- timating that plans were being prepared for raising the railway line on the south side of the bridge over the Yarra at the Flinders- street station, so as to permit a culvert lead- ing into Moray-street from the Falls-bridge to be made higher, and to allow it to run in a direct line with that thoroughfare. He however, stated that there was no proba- bility of the alterations being made until the completion of the new bridge over the falls. After some discussion, it was decided that a deputation should wait on the Minis- ter of Railways at an early date and request him to urge upon the Government the necessity of having the structure commenced immediately, in order that the desired altera- tions should be carried out as soon as possible. It was also agreed that the depu- tation should ask Mr. Bent to grant the council the use of a number of old rails and sleepers, so as to enable it to construct a tramway along Kerferd-road from the beach for the purpose of conveying sand to fill up the low-lying ground in the vicinity of the Albert park station. I he authorities of a new mechanics iiBtituto at lootscray havo been repeatedly but fruitlessly called on by the Central Board of Health to furnish plans of tho building. An ultimatum has at last been sent to thom to the efiect that if they do not atonce supply the required planB the law applicable to Buch cases will be set m motion lho Richmond Bench yeBterday reap pointed MeBBre W Gleadell and H R Priestly to act as licensing magistrates fo the ensuing year The annual meeting of tho magistrates of the Central Bailiwick will be held at the City Court at noon to day, for the purpose of elect nig the licensing justices to Bit with the licensing magistrates for the year 1883 We understand that the Mayor of Melbourne (Councillor Dodgshun), and Mr William M'Lean (of the firm of Messrs M Lean Bros and Rigg), are likely to bo nominated A correspondent writes with a view to caution people against bathing in the Patter son River, Btating that some fishermen caught a large shark, 8ft long, in thot river under the Carrum railway bridge on the Mordialloc railway, 1 he fancy dress and calico ball in aid of the dramatic charities of the colony was held lu the Town hall last evening, under the patronage of His Excellency the Marquis of Normanby, who was unavoidably prevented from attending through the indisposition of Lady Normanby There were about CO couples present, and the galleries, which were open to the public were largely attended du.ing the evening Tho majority of the leading actors at present playing in Mel bourne were preBent, and the costumes were varied and interesting An excellent supper was provided by Mr Clements, and dancing waa continued until an early hour this morn ing. The Army and Navy Gazelle Bays - "There are many stones llymg about con- nected with the army of occupation in Egypt Voila i A colonel, sauntering outside his camp near the Geziroh Palace, was hailed by a sentry, '"iou must not go there, air ' Do you Bee who I am-Colonel-'' 1 Yea, air, I know But the ' harm ladies ' are living in that bouae, and tho orders s'O from Sir Garnet that he ia not to be let go in there himself \l he wanta to ' ' " \\\ ith reference to tbe recent suicide of a young woman in Pans, M Boutemps points out ' says Nature, " that tho depth of fall having been about OG metres, the velocity ac cannot have been BO grout as that sometimes attained on railways-c /, 33 metres per second on the line between Chalons and Pane, where the effect should bo the aame , yet wo never hear of asphyxiation of engine drivers and stokers He considers it desir able that the idea in question should be ex ploded, as unhappy persons may be led to choose suicide by fall from a height, under the notion that they will die before reacbm¿ the ground Again, M Gossm mentions that a few yeara ago a man throw himself from the top of the Column of July, and fell on an awning which sheltered workmen at the pedestal he suffered only a few slight contusions M Remy saj s ho has often seen au Englishman leap from a height of 31 metros (say 103 feet) into a deep river, and he was shown in 18i2, in the iBland of Oahu, by missionaries, a native who had filien from a verified height of more than 300 motres (say 1000 feet) His fall was brol on ne ir the end by a growth of ferns and other plants and he had only a few wounds. ABked as to his daz/led ' The tonnage of shipping launched from Iho shipbuilding vards on the Cljdo during No- vember, 1SS2, amounted, the Si,ol,mun Btatos, to 17,310 tonB, and largely exceeds that of auj previous month, being 5,300 tons over the output m Juno (41,810 tons). As compared with the tonnage launched in the correspond mg month in 1SS1, November, 1S82, shows an increase of 14 Oil tons, aud as compared with the previous 10 months' average, the increase s 17 150. Tor the 11 months the total of 315,815 tone is C4 044 tona over that of tho same period last year, and more than double that of 1870. The 11 months output of the year ia 13,177 tonB over the aggregate tonnage b ult during the whole of lfeSl Of tho vessels launched thero were 15 steamers, 1 hopper dredger, 0 sailing ships, and 3 iron ihts The sailing ships launched reached in all 15 2b0 tona-nearly three times the total of any other month of 1882 1 wo of tho steamers aggregated 10,100, and five others 11,800 tons, lho average sue of tho vessels launched in November was 1,700 tons, and during the 11 mouths 1,300 tonB, na agamat 1,200 and 1,320 tons respectively for the correaponding periods laetyear lho number of vessels m coarse of construction is 133, a decrease of Bevon ai compared with the number at the close of October, and 21 ICES than at tho close of May Speaking at a meeting at Salisbury on behalf of the Royal Coliego of Music, wo leam from tho Qlolu, tho Duke of Albany Baid that a city like Salisbury could not have muBic going on its midst for generations without becomiug influenced by it The time seemed to have arrived when muslo muat take ita proper place in tho circle of the arts and sciences, and like them become the object of serious and systematic training. He did not mean by this soveror duty it Bhould censo to bo a creation or an aid to devotion, but rather that in order that it might perform thoso oflices worthily aud in the efliciency which waa now demanded of all branches of knowledge, and that its influence Bhould act in other directions, the scope of which they could not at present anticipate The influence of mu3ic was not confined to tho walls of tho church or the hours of Bet.ice, thoy overflowed into our common life and haunts It muat be aa properly taught as wero litoraturo, drawing, and the practical scionces Hie city organist will perform the follow ing selections on the grand organ this after- noon it 4 o'clock -Overture, "Oberon," Weber, andantes (a in E flat, 6 in T), Wely, gavotte, "Hermliche Lieber ("True Lave") Resch, grand selection, " Masamell i ' Auber, march, " The Funeral,' Chopin , grand chorua, "Worthy ia tho Lamb' ( ' Messiah ), Handel, finale, National Anthem Amongst the holiday entertainments at the Melbourne theatres the first change of programme, according to our advertising columns, ia announced at the Opera house, when a different entertainment will be pre eented on Thursday, Tebruary 1, for the benefit of the well deserving Mr John Wal- lace. At the Brighton bazaar last evening there was a good attendance, and satisfactory busi ness waa done A concert was given during the evening lhe ba/aar continuea open during the week. We have received for the Sir Chaa Sladen Portrait 1 und £1 Is each from Messrs R B Ronald, and J G Carsfaira We have received for the case mentioned by Mr Robert Wallen £1 Is from T T Mesera L D Putklo, and the mayor (Councillor Geo Parsons) were elected yester- day as licensing magistrates for the Essendon and Remington district for the present j ear. We havo received the calendar of the Scottish Imperial Insurance Company We have received a copy of the Vicloi ian Law Ualendai and Almanac for 1883 from tbe Cio»vn Law department Mr Samuel Mullen has sent us a pretty fancy box of tinted satin vv ove noto paper and envelopes, vory triateft Hy put together, also, De la Rue s elegant and useful pocket whist case including pack of cards and whist marker The committee of the St Kilda Ladies' Benevolent Society report 49 cases relieved weekly for the fortnight ending January 21, numbering 103 individuals, and comprising 30 widows, 10 sick and infirm, 1 deserted wife, 2 wives whose husbands are un employed, 1 aged couples, 2 single women; outlay for the fortnight, £15 5s. Contribu- tions in money or clothing will be thankfully received by the honorary treasurer, Rose neath, Elsternwick , or the honorary secre- tary, Crag-y-don, Acland street, St Kilda. 