THE TRAVELLER. BOMBAY TO BRINDISI, VIA EGYPT! [By a Travelling Correspondent.] (Jn November 18, just before leaving Horn bay, I saw from the balcony of the Esplanade Hotel, a sight which made the blood within me thrill not a little. It was the march past of the brave fellows just returned from Egypt, the English bluejackets, and the native marines, and sailors. Headed by a brass band, and dressed in clean and bright uni forms, they stept firmly along the street in the warm sun, between lines of European and native spectators, with flags and banner waving from the principal buildings in the neighbourhood. It was a matter of much surprise that every one kept so quiet; only a ghost of a cheer was raised as the fine body of men passed the hotel. What a very different reception the native soldiers are receiving at home! It will no doubt do much good amongst the " teeming millions" of India to show them how much they are honoured by England's people when they do anything that iB brave and noble, and perhaps nothing that has occurred during the last century will be half as convincing to the Hindoo, the Brahmin, and the Mohammedan that England is the true friend and guardian of India, than thiB simple fact of the English people receiving so en thusiastically the small band of India's warriors. Saturday afternoon we left the Appolo Bunder (or wharf) in a small native boat, and sailed rapidly out to the fine hand some steamer Roumania, 3,800 tons, belonging to the Anchor Line, and commanded by Cap tain James Laird. We were pleased with the Roumania at first sight, and can now speak of her in the most glowing terms. We found onr fellow passengers to be fourteen in number, including a colonel, a major, a Civil servant, a coffee planter (the first two with their wives and families), and a lady mis sionary who has been working nobly for the laBt five years amongst the natives in Central India. It has not been our lot to travel with more kindly fellow passengers since we left Adelaide, and we shall often look back with happy feelings to the time we spent on the good [ship Roumania with that cheery, round, ruddy, good - hearted, rough dia mond, Captain Laird. We had a quick and satisfactory ran to Aden, steaming the 1,600 miles in six and a halt days. Aden is not by any means an inviting place, and good friends advised us not to go ashore, hut the prospect of remaining all day on the deck of the Konmania whilst she took w coals was a still less inviting programme, and so we accompanied the captain, the doctor, andthe purser for a run on terrafirma, Kooringa, South Australia, is a barren lookiug spot, but place it alongside Aden and the steep-jaggea hungry mountains of the Ara bian coast and Eooringa becomes a Paradise. On landing at Steamer's Point we found a long street opposite the wharf with shipping offices, Bhops, and hotels built on the one side. Into some of the shops we went and inspected curios from many distant parts of the world, but such ruinous prices were asked that we were obliged to confine our purchases to a fewphotoB oftbenativcs—Arabs and Soumalis —ot toe originals wesawquite sufficient during our lew hours' Btay. They forced their ac quaintance upon ub as soon as we landed, and honoured ns with their company the whole time. I have no doubt if you asked them for a description of an Englishman, they would tell you that he is a soft white creature made " to be plundered by the Arab and SoumalL" We took a carriage and drove through the steep gorge to the town of Aden, some five miles from " Steamer Point." Not one blade of graBs, or a solitary patch of vegetation did we see on the way ; but met ana passed in great numbers the patient camel, bearing large packages of merchandise, fire wood, &c.;, &c.; _ We met great lanky Arabs astride diminutive donkeys, and saw many groups of Soumali women laden with the inevitable Eastern bangles. The town of Aden consists of a number of square-topped white build ings, in the centre of a small plain sur rounded by high cliffs. A short distance from the town are the "tanks of Solo mon," huge cemented basins at the foot of the hills. They are most curiously Bhapedj are kept in perfect repair, and are quite empty. Their holding capacity is very considerable ; the largeBt tank can accommodate 4,600,000 gallons. Near the tanks are planted a number of trees, which appear to be doing fairly well, and are an immense relief for the eye to rest upon. W o were very much startled when we landed at Aden on hearing that the steamship Ischia, of the same line as the Rouinania, had been wrecked the previous Sunday on the Island of Perim, at the entrance to the Red Sta, and at the shipping office we found the purser (Mr. Burnsidej, the third officer (Mr. Bannerman), and eleven sailors and firemen of the ill-fated vessel, who had been brought from Perim by a passing steamer. '1 lie eleven men embarked on board the Rouman a for Liverpool as distressed seamen, and the ■ officers also started with us for the scene of the wreck, to which they were return ing after paying oif the men, whom they had accompanied to Aden for that purpose. On Saturday evening we left Aden, and learnt from the officers of the Ischia the story of her misfortune. She was bound from Bombay to Liverpool, with a large general cargo, valued at something like £150,000. On Saturday, November 11, she coaled at Aden, and proceeded on her way all well. On Sunday morning, at abcut half- past 5, when the day was juBt breaking, she struck on a rock or shoal off the south-east of the small Island of Perim. The shock, - although not very great, was sufficient to bring all on deck. At first it was supposed that she had not received serious injury, and her engines were kept going. She had pro ceeded but a short distance, however, when it was found that the water was pouring in faBt and the noble vessel was surely sinking. Immediately her head was turned to the island, and an attempt made to beach her; the eflort, however, came too late, and down she went, stern foremost, in six fathoms of water. The Ischia is a new vessel, of 4,000 tons, built upon the most approved principle, and with all the latest improvements. She left Liverpool five months ago for Bombay, and from thence Bhe conveyed Indian troops to Egypt. Returning to Bombay she loaded for home, but was not destined to proceed further thau Perim (at any rate for some considerable time). Her commander, Captain MacDonald, and the first officer were both on deck at the time the veBsel struck. It is difficult to account for the disaster in any other way than by describing it as the result of " miscalculation" or " misjudgment." Perim is a very small island in the Straits of Bab el-Mandeb, thirteen miles from the Nubian coast, and a little over a mile from the Arabian coast. Passing from the Gulf of Aden into the Head Sea, a couple of miles is saved by taking the narrow channel, viz., that between the Arabian"oast and Perim, hut I am at a loss to understand how it is possible foi the captain of a large steamer to choose at night-time this channel, which has only a navigable width of one mile, in preference to the broader channel, which is nearly thirteen miles in breadth. Bad Captain McDonald chosen the broader channel the Ischia would pro bably have been afloat to-day. I had a good opportunity of judging of the folly of deciding in favour of this narrow channel as I had the rather wearisome pleasure of seeing the Roumania steered through its waters. Late on Saturday night Captain Laird intimated to me that u I was desirous of seeing " a little navigation" I might spend the night with him on the bridge. The weather was warm and calm, so I very willingly followed the skipper to bis post of duty. It was nearly full moon, but the light was uncertain, as massive clouds passed slowly overhead. At 1 a.m. Sunday morning we sighted the re volving light on Perim Island, at a distance of about twenty miles. The chief engineer was then instructed to reduce steam from eighty to seventy pounds pressure. A sharp lookout was kept and the captain explained that he would never think of taking the narrow channel at night or early morning had it not been for his special mission to the Ischia. When about ten miles distant f:om Perim the engines were put at half speed, and after Bteaming some five miles more the speed was reduced to " dead slow," the compass on the bridge was compared with the one aft, and the very greatest pre caution taken to keep the Roumania's head in the exact centre of the channel. As a still further precaution against accident a quarter master was put on the "grating" {which on modem ships takes the place of the old fashioned "chains"), and kept continually sounding with the lead. As the whereabouts of the Ischia was very indefinite the most careful navigation was required, and Captain Laird proved himself fully equal to the occa ' sion. A few minutes to 3 o'clock we sighted the wreck through a telescope, and bore slowly down in the direction where she lay. Her stem had quite dis appeared beneath the waters, but at a considerable height above the sea her head was still raised proudly up. When fully abreast of the island we lay-to aud sounded our whistle several times—which quickly brought on deck all the Roumania's passengers—and burned blue-lights from the* bridge. We had no response for some time, but at length a blue light was Been on the island, and shortly afterwards a sailing boat was seen in the dim light approaching our vessel. About 5 o'clock she was alongside us, with the mate of the iBchia in command. A hasty farewell was bid to the purser and the third officer, and in a few moments they left us to rejoin their mates, who were camped on the island a short distance from the sunken ship. Before leaving their vessel the poor shipwrecked mariners had been able to secure their clothes and a fair stock of provisions, and fortunately these is a small garrison of Indian troops under an English officer stationed on the island, and from, the garrison condensed waters can be ob tained. There is a possibility that the Ischia (like the Sorata) may yet be raised from her present perilous position, as she is well sheltered Irom the southerly winds; Lloyd's agent is already on his way out from London with appliances. On Mon day afternoon we passed Jebelzukar, on the north-east portion. Almost within a stone's throw of each other were three wrecked vessels—the Gulf of Finland hard aground, but probably not past saving (we could dis tinguish men aboard takiog off cargo to lighten her, and we were informed that Captain Fowler, late of the Sorata, and now of the Salvage Association of Liverpool, is Tuesday night we nad a very heavy storm of rain ana lightning. Of course we were told by an authority wbo bad been through the Red Sea fifty-two times that this was the heaviest rainstorm he had ever experienced in that part of the world. On ■ the evening of Thursday we anchored off Suez. Daring the day, when about ten miles north of Ras Gharit, we perceived a large vessel aground on the Egyptian coast. She signalled us and we at once " hove-to." A boat came alonside with the first mate of the vessel on board. He brought letters for as to deliver at Suez, and told us that the ship was the Huntingtowcr,. of' Liverpool, commanded by Captain J. W. Peacock, and that she was aground in eight and a half feet of water. The Red Sea is ap parently a dangerous place for large steamers. We heard of nothing but shipwrecks and disasters for several days. The first news we had from Suez was that the Mai wa (P. & 0\. Line) and the Clan Forbes (Clan Line), had indulged in a friendly collis sion at the entrance to the Canal, and . were both laid, up for rejiairs. As we enlered the Canal the vessels were pointed out to us lying in the docks, and both badly damaged. Before entering the Canal we of course took on board a pilot ana were soon steaming slowly along the narrow channel between the barren, sandy Egyptian banks. Immediately in front of us were a large French troopship and the Lady Dalhousie, and in our rear followed the steamer Penedo. We had a good view of the town of Suez, which lav some distance off on the left bank of the Canal. We hoped to reach Ism&ilia; the first day, but were dis appointed, as about 1 o'clock we received a signal near the 72-milepost (this number dating from Port Said) to stop and moor in order to allow another steamer to pass. We were delayed over two hours, but we did not grumble when we found in the passing steamer an old acquaintance, the John Elder, bound for Australia with a large number of passengers. On the Friday evening we an chored at the north end of the great Bitter Lawe, and re-entered the Canal early on Saturday morning. We had not proceeded far when we were again bailed up. About 12 noon we were off lsmailia, and here I took a farewell of my friends on the Roumania, and wentashore in a steam launch for a peep at Egypt. lsmailia is a quiet, Bleepy, little town, which has sprung into existence since the construction of the Suez Canal. A number of Canal officials and pilots reside there. They are chiefly French, Greeks, Italians, and Austrians. Out of IDS pilots there are only four Englishmen in the Suez Canal service. lsmailia has quietened down into its uneventful everyday existence now, and were it not for the presence of two compauics of the GOth Rifles there would be nothing to remind the visitor of the stirring scenes that have so lately been enacted there. We took a stroll along the broad avenue of trees growing in the main street, and crossing the Freshwater Canal walked along its bank about a mile to the Khedive's Palace. Here were stationed the GOth Rifles, and very good quarters they have. The palace is a rooiny ttone building, surrounded by an ex tensive garden. Stenping into the large ball on the ground floor we were in the midst of "upwards of 100 of Her Majesty's troops, short, sturdy, boyish-looking fellows lying about promiscuously, but scantily clad» smoking short clay pipes, and apparently very happy. We were shown upstairs to the officers rooms, and were regaled with soda and brandy by the two very juvenile lieutenants in charge. From lsmailia wo journeyed to the battlefield of Tel-el-Kebir, and were not repaid for our trouble. There is absolutely nothing to see now but a line of fortifications (in the shape of a sort of irregular sandbank) and the traces of the. Egyptian and English . camping grounds. Everything has been cleared away in the way of trophies. We were in hopes of picking up a few rifles or swords to show to admiring friends at home, but all 1 could lay bands on was a nine pound shot, which I stowed away care fully in a portmanteau, much to the disgust of that receptacle, which has since broken out in sex'eral places, and shown many signs of insubordination. Tel-el-Kebir is just about as miserable a place as a battle could have been fought in, and Arabi Bey richly deserved a defeat in choosing such a spot for his stronghold. It is a wretched sandy plain, without one spot of vegetation, tree, or Bhrub, and as desolate a place as ever man put a foot on. Now if I were going to select a spot for a big battle, I should pur chase a nice little freehold picturesquely situated, and there erect fortifications. After the conflict I should fence in the ground with high jtalings, and charge so much per head for visitors. Of course, 1 should be careful to do as Arabi d'd, viz., run away if I saw I waa getting the worst of it in the fight, so that I might live to enjoy the profits of my little speculation. i'rcm TeI-el-K.ebir we toon train tor Cairo. Shortly after leaving the former place the country assumed .quite a dif ferent aspect, instead of the mighty barren deeert, upon which could only be seen here and there a herd of camels. We ran through a land fairly teeming with "milk and honey," the renowned land of Goschen. The Boil is rich and black, and for many miles on each Bide the line runs a continuous garden of maize, cotton, sugarcane, aud the elegant datepalm-trees. Everywhere the dusky Arab in blue cotton gown and white turban was seen lazily tilling in the fields (that were not under crop). The Arab as an agriculturist closely resembles the primitive Hindu ; both use the clumBy wooden plough. We observed one of these rough implements being drawn sleepily along by a very tall sad looking camel, and a very short, yellow, dilapidated cow. The team was anything but a match either for style or pace jtlieydidnot, moreover, seem on good terms with each other, and kept as far apart as possible. At the station of Abou Hamad a comely Egyptian damsel came up to the carriage beanng on her head a basket of fresh dates for sale. I can never resist a comely damsel, and so produced from my pocket a "piastre (value about 2§d.), and intimated that I desired to trade. I expected to receive a dozen or two dates selected from the stock by the shapely but rather dirty-looking hand of the damsel, and was considerably as tonished when she emptied the whole of the contents of her basket on to the leather cushion, of the first-class - carriage. Fortunately she had placed them on the seat occupied by a gentleman who had just stepped out of the carriage. He looked down ruefully upon the sickly dates when he returned, ana then cast his eye over his pants, which were light in colour and new. I told him not to mind the dates, so he pushed thorn sufficiently on one side to find a place for his pants. He waB evidently not comfortable, however, and at the next station changed carriages. His fellow-passengers did not grieve, as they had just enough company without him. At Zagazig we had a stoppage of an hour and a half, and took a run round the town on donkeys. We made up a merry party, and raced through the narrow dirty streets at as great a pace as circumstances, camels, other aonkeyB, children, old women, ana dogs would permit. One of our jjarty was a cap tain in the 49th (1st Berkshire), and towards this gentleman the inhabitants of Zagazig showed anything but a friendly spirit, as he wore the Queen's uniform and a sword dangling at his side. As we passed along the crowded streets the men and women scowled at us, and the children swore in English, and actually spit at us. The Arabs were not inclined to make way for us when they saw us coming, and the wretched men actually stood their camels sideways in the street to prevent our passing along. Going round one corner the donkey a thorough Arab rebel) bearing the noble captain of the 49th collided, purposely, I believe, -with a camel, the saddle- girths gave way with the shock, and saddle and captain were thrown with some force amongst a group of veiled women, whoweresittiugonone side of the road discussing Paris fashions no doubt. The group was considerably enlivened by the abrupt introduction of the gallant soldier, who offered his profound apologies to the ladies, and something that sounded like a profound corse to the donkey. He was soon in the saddle again, and the donkey boys, who were exploding with laughter, started our steeds afresh with criesand sticks. Right through to Cairo the country is ver dant and most productive ; the scenery re minded us very much of the fertile plains of Bengal. At IS'awa we had our first glimpse of the fair city of Cairo, and the great pyramids of Egypt_ towering up majestically in the soft evening light. AVe found Cairo very lively. The streets were thronged with English officers in all the glory of regimentals, gilt braid, and swords. How proudly they swaggered along the crowded pavements under the great verandahs of the principal streets, or rode along on gay prancing chargers. ¥"ou have no doubt had Cairo most graphically des cribed since I left Australia, so I shall not burden you with my view of the city. Im mediately we reached the hotel we made enquiries about Egyptian affairs generally, and found every one in an alarming state of ignorance. We were told that the only news ever received in Egypt comes from London, and the people positively know nothing of their own affairs until they receive the Times and the Illustrated London News. AVe sought out Mr. McDonald, the special correspondent of the Daily News, from whom we learnt that Arabi Pasha had been that day sentenced to honourable banishment for life with a pension. This was the only news we have heaid in Egypt that we ourselves had not read before in the London papers. Every Arab and every Egyptian we had intercourse with we ques tioned as to his views about the present and future state of his country. But neither Arab nor Egyptian seemed to care one fig about the affairs of the land either past, present, or future. So we gave up our enquiries, and settled down to enjoy ing ourselves. Of course we visited the pyramids at Gizeh, and toiled up the 480 feet of the mighty rough stones of the Great Pyramid. AVe each had the assistance of three Arabs, without whom we certainly should never have reached the summit. We had a glorious view from the top of Cairo and the Hue on one side and the great Desert of Sahara on the other. Our names are carved by the side of those of much greater people, amongst others Albert Edward Prince of AVales and his two sons. Please understand that we did not carve our own names. A\re never con descended to do that. The Arabs, who tormented us the whole of the way up and down for ''baksheesh," promised us tnat if we would allow them to carve our names at a given price they would pray to Mohammed on our behalf every time they ascended the Pyramid. We could not withstand this offer. Wt Ave scrambled into the interior of the mighty structure, and were nearly choked with baa air and dust. I would require a great deal of persuasion to repeat this part of the per formance again. From Cairo wc ran down by train to Alexandria. At the latter place we had only a few hours before embarking for Brindisi. There was just time to drive round the principal parts in the_ early morn ing. The centre of the town is a mass of ruins, a sad and desolate spectacle. With the Arabs as a people I am very much disgusted, and say without hesitation that they are a low, beggarly, cowardly tribe, and would break out into open re bellion to-morrow were the English troops to evacuate Egypt. Embarking on the P. & 0. steamer Hyaaspes at Alexandria on Wednes day, December 6, we reached Brindisi on Saturday, the 9th, at 3.30 p.m. Immediately a boat came off from the shore flying a yellow flag, and this we knew meant "quarantine." In the boat was j the medical officer, who remained at the foot of the gangway until the Hydaspes' surgeon descended with the bill of health. This was held out at arm's length with a pair of tongs by the Italian doctor, and a solemn farce commenced. After perusing the bill the doctor ascended to the head of the gangway waving and signalling the people to keep at a distance. Questions were put and answered, and then a general muster took place. We bad a grand march past the gangway, and weie counted like so many sheep, to see that our number tallied with the articles, and that no one was down below sick. First came the passengers, next the seamen, then the firemen, stewards, cooks, and the officers and captain last. This was only a mere " sham review," as I know for a fact that three of the passengers marched past twice in order to make up the number, which was somehow deficient. However it satisfied the Italian Medical Inspector. The mail bags were taken on shore, fumigated, | and dispatched by the mail train, whilst we were doomed to twenty-four hours' quarantine, the reason being that cholera, or the plague, or something is raging in Egypt or somewhere else, ana our coming from Alexandria is a sufficient excuse for the Italian Government to quarantine a British vessel. Now, if we have cholera amongst ub will twenty-fonr hours' detention bring' out the symptoms which have been dormant for four days? It seems to us that this twenty-four hours' quarantine is a monstrouB absurdity. If there is any actual reason for suspicion, by all means let the Italian authorities detain a vessel for a sufficient period to remove that suspicion; but to detain a number of people for such a term as twenty-four Hours under present cir cumstances is most silly and frivolous. Imagine the disgust of the passengers at this. All are pacing tne deck, using more or less stronglanguage, and of course everyone is going to write to the Times. We had on board amongst other passengers General Sir Andrew Clarke, and A.D.C. Sir J. A. Hanbury, and the captain and officers of the steamer Malwa, who are going to London to attend the enquiry relative to the collision with the Clan Forties. We hope to land in time for the 3.35 train to-day (Sunday). 