ECHOES OP MELBOURNE . ( ,:-! ? (By The Ghost.) ??: ? ? : ; ; ,..?.,„?.,. ?? ..-? (??? .?'???' August 18. ! ? There has been : another quiet week iri Parliament^ arid in: both Houses work has been the. order of the day, rather I than talk. The only 'little breeze' that (has arisen to -ruffle the placidity of the '? proceedings in; the Assembly was a smart, iyerhal' passage-at-arms' between Messrs., Bent and, Kerf ord. When the Estimates 'were under consideration the hon. member 'for. .Brighton ' characterised 'the amount set down for. sheet-piling at Sorrento as a 'job.' Several members! of 'the present'. Ministry, . and not a few:of , their sup-« porters; own . property in, this' far ,frora favourite watering place,1 which has been, as ; regards tha expenditure of /public1 m6hey,always very favourably dealt with, and if the truth must be told: treated; with exceptional kindness. . That Mr. : Bent's shot told was evident from Mr. Korford's; reply. : Instead of attempting to justify the vote, he .ejaculated,,' ' W'hat- about Kensington ' Hill?'1.; The retort was neither happy nor dignified— especially on; the part of a gentleman who |s' said to aspire to the honour of a seat on the' Supremo. Oourt '.Bench. ''' Persons', who resprt.to the tu qiioqite in argument, and especially trained lawyers, seldom avail .themselves of this stylef of reply if 'they have 'any other answer to give, ' .; The^ House felt. . this; and ?' was ' evidently in 'accord'. ,with ,, Mr. Bent.- It ,'is: .licit, -often : that .impulsive, gentleman is right, but on this occasion,1 at all 'eventsi ' he was ; hot far wrong. \ ' The proposed work will, principally benofit:''the proper-, ties of ,the .' ' Attorney-GJ eneral and the . Minister of Justice, and is in vgryCtruth «f a job.'' ;. . ?'? . ??'-' ?'?.?'_ ??',- ' ; ! Two of the heaviest bills brought' in by: the Government have beeti' .disposed of 'during the ? week— the \ Judicature Bill and the, Bill for- the Management of 1 the State 'Railways having passed their' final stages in the Assembly, and been trans mitted to the1 Legislative Council. With the '.exception of, the measures, dealing with the', mallee and the . Harbour Trust there, is very little of importance remairi ingito be; considered on the notice paper '0$ the Assembly, andas there has already , been sufficient said upon these matters by honourable members to show that:no great difference:' of opinion exists in -their regard, the debates they are likely to provoke will : not be ' very lengthened. Unless', Mr.'' Service, therefore, .for '? the ? norice takes a leaf .out of the book of a certain ? dusky personage, i of whom Dr. Watts has affirmed that he 'still finds some yrotk for idle hands to do,' there wilV.be very little,, after the Estimateo — with which good : progress has already been made— are passed,' to occupy our legislators ; and there'will be, contrary to the' '? prevailing custom, .no : innocents to slaughter, ; ;fpr the reason that all these, interesting, .young legisla tive : bantlings will have - attained the period of maturity, and have become full .blown acts of. Parliament. ' There will be no need' to detain the ' gontlemqn' of the^ . Assembly and the ? ' honourable gentlemen' of the. Council beyond: the month of October; and' 'enable them to plead the : hot weather as an excuse' for heated language. The reason . for the ' diligence on the part ; of our lagislators has.not to be remotely sought- for.' It' is'1 understood that, there is to be no change of; Government for the; present^ii, fact no change is possible under existing cir cutastances— and, as there' are no spoils of .office to quarrel over there' is to'be^no .fighting. '?????? - '???'' : ? ' ? Much amusement has been afforded, mining men in Melbourne by the '. ' enter prise',pf a' ' leading' metropolitan daily paper in sending up a' special to 'do' the i now fashionable Dark IJiver Gold field.1 It is'devoiitly to be hoped, for the sake' of ... the wotfid that, it is to be en lightened by the special correspondents despatched to New Guinea and Madagas car',;that these gentlemen are a little more 'experienced in', their business than ..the ,D,ark. River gentleman ,in his. ... Beyohd'a residence of some fifteen months on a :goldfield, .;,' ? during ; which period he wap exclusively engaged on journalistic work,'' the' '' Special' never1, had an , opportunity 'of seeing a mine, and it is very doubtful 'whether, in the, course of his experience, he . ever .descended halfa dozerii: ? Tet this' heaven-iborn ? ' genius .pronounces opinions'in 'the. most orthodox exr cathedra fashipri in regard to the future prospects of the locality 'i.ts.'reefs,: and, their probable yields, leading the uninitiated '.to believe 'he knows'' all about ; it.' ? [On' dit, he'1 was sent up to curse, but returned to bless. 'Bo this as it may, the affair only tends to ' afford another, illustration, of the truth of Oxen ,stiern's saying anent*. the very : small amount of wisdom with which the world is governed. ,'..:, ', . '.''.'. ? ?' 'What's in a name?' aome persons ask. Apparently a great deal; or people— at all events theatrical people — would -not be so; anxious, as they evidently are, to change their patronymics. ' .A rose,, we are told,; w6uld smell as Bweet,;even were it known 1 by any other appellation. Why therefore should plain Mr. v Green be ? ' deemed ?- a tetter 'baritone when, passing as Signpr Verdi, or Charlotte Tasker'. be less in esteem as a ^ianiste .than' Madame Car lotta Tasca/. , or. ' '0ignoir ' Riccardi jthouBht 'ififiniteIyj8uperior,to,Mr. Kichards? ;Yet: so it is ; and'thefefore the' artists. who !are content to be called ' by, their own names deserve a word of commendation for not ] following a custom that would assuredly bo more honoured in the breach than in tho observance. Miss Nellie Stewart has not yet developed into La Signora Eleajiora Stuardo, nor Misa Alice Reos into Alicia Riaa. ?? Perhaps when they appear intheir Italian aliases these two young'ladies may not sing as well as they do at, present. ^Moulting birds' lose their yoices, and the casting off of , their Engliah feathers to masquerade in foreign borrowed plumes may have the same effect oh the human as it has' on the feathered songster. ' It .is to bo hoped our Australian born artists .will not try the [experiment* . ? ? :i ': : There is weeping in Israel. The whole of the twelve tribes 'have been ? despoiled', by a Chriatain. Mr. W. P. White has let in the , money-lenders of Melbourne io the. tune of .seven or eight thousand pounds'; by -means of forged' acceptance's, which are all, that 'Moses, Aaron and Co. have . to show for their dearly loved1 .' monish. ' ' Th'e.losses, however, fall . on a I'lsyridi-, caie,',''and not on the particular gentle-' men who discounted the' spurious paper. The sympathy.' generally -bestowed; on the' unfortunate is in - this, case lessened by the iemembrance that if in this instance, there is a loss, on .other recent transac- : tions .there: was a/profit of' fourteen' . hundred per cent. ': ? ? ? ' .'' '? ?'{,' ' i 'If ! there' ' were in Victoria 'o'no:' or 'two' judges, on' the Bench animated by the,, Same- right, feelingj and possessing; the. ? same amount of moral courage as Judge ' ;. Wilkinson, of Sydney, the practice of badgering' and bullying witnesses '.woulii 'need no legislative enactment in order to -its' irestr'aint. His Honor a few days since ;dosire'd a young, female undor . cross oxarnination. :'riot;; to answer any. questions until he gave permission. ? He' added it was ' monjtrous that witnesses' should bo subjected to insult, a disgrace to the administration of justice, and that for 'his part he would have ho .hesitation in 'protecting them against insulting/ insiiHiations, on the part of ', counsel. Brayo !. Judge Wilkinson. .,: ., . 