ABE WALLAC'S LOVH, AFTER DUET HARTE. "WHAT'S cr matter wid yer?" demanded Abe Wallace, with a not unnatural petulance under the circumstances " What er ye lingern' around that visage er mine for' Can't yer rasp that countenance ' ' Obv lously he couldn t For nearly an hour he had strapped his razors and moved diligently, but barber though be was of a thousand, barber cxtraordary to Leaping Antelope Run, he seemed to make n > headway agaiiiBt Abo's briBtling badge of manhood " If yer razors won't out, ehoot e'm of Yo'ar mel shoot 'cm off " Aud the handsome, sun- burned miner composed himeelf for the novel operation " Is the barber at home 7 ' asked a low, sweet, musical voice, entering the door at that moment Ile started No yellow water running from his pan had ever looked as sweet to him as that voice It percolated linn, aud lie arose from the chair a new mau 'Ile rough life passed away from bim The cruBt formed by this habits and hardened by the surroundings was broken " Permit mo, madam, to assure you that tins individual before you is the barber," said Abe and new dignity Bat easily upon lum and seemed a part of him " I am on my from Boston to the Sandwich Islands," said the young girl, quietly " and , our carriage broke down I thought 1 would ' improve the opportunity and have iny hair banged Oh I no, no," elie exclaimed aB Abo gallantly drew forth a thousand dollar ou the New York " Not for the world I've six millions of dollars, not only in my own right, but ia my pocket I will pay for any service " Ae the barber proceeded with the task, Abe walked the shop nervously A presage of ' danger oppressed him The chestnut curls on Ins forehead grew damp with anxiety He knew life, in his rougl way, and le knew barbers The fair young girl would bo no match for the frontier hairdresser, if the worst should como. And why should it not como ? Had she not millions in her pocket ' lie glanced at tiny foot planted squarely and (irmly on the stool before 1er, and recognised character He knew nothing of Boston but he understand feet "And do you live in tins funny place, te he ' asked the girl, smiling at Abe's reflection m the glass. "Ido' siLhtcdAbc 'MtsfortunoBhavccast my bark of life high upon this barren Bborca and left mc with only tho shelter the sea weed, afford ' "le he , ho« odd Ouch ' ' But Abe grasped him and laid bim upon the floor The barber lad made a dive for the dainty pocket and had failed L-apmg antelope Hun was aroused Such an attack found no apologists among the wild rough millers Whatever they might be uihcicntly, they would tolerate nothing of the kind in tie barl cr "Away to the dull thud ' ' demanded one more intelligent than the rest And the) echoed the cry till the moonlit air was shivered and the beams crept away conv ulsiv ely They may have expected bim to beg, but he cved them sternly "Oh my ' what will they do with him * asked the beauty with ouccje She had no need to speak ihc thrill of that eye struck a chmdin Aue Wallace "They 11sprainlusneck,darling "murmured Wallace in tender accents This feeling was new to bun, but he un lcrstood it " Gracious I and may 1 Bee lum ' ' whispered she with the other eye Abe's answer wasloat in thesullen roar of the crowd Out under the gran i old tree that fringed the mines , out under the w luspcr of the Icav cs out through th» Bhadows The winds swept down from theStrras, iclict winds butpitiless They shook eweet voices ont of their satin garments but not a pleading tone for that human barber, soon to he neither barber nor human Theropewasaroundlnsueck \\\ illingbands were ready A cloud floated across the face of the the moon but she struggled from behind it bel 1 by the horror of scene Hold ! commanded Abe And then ad Ircssiug the barber, le asked " \ou are justice of the peace, are you not' 111 am ' responded the condemend in low, Btca lv tones "Then marr) ni 'sail Wallace, dravvmg the Boston girl s ann within his own ' \ ou do tartina woman for wedded vv ife asked the lather, with a étrange glitter m his CJC 1 d i, ' responded Ale \ M il > take tins man for vonr wedded liuiban 1 in {lined Ile barber, withapecular smile ' lo le f su ipoBe BO, te, be ' ' whispered 1 lhcrnii"Kilvficc lhen 1 | ronouuee vou man and wife Go to li e<lcv 1 ' The rope tightened, but as he went up the barber uttered a wild, demo nao laugh. Then with the shadow of the Sierras gather- ing around him, he hung dead. Try as he might, Abe could not shake off the influence of that laugh. It was s ghost in his life. " My God I" he screamed, as besprang from his Beat a day or two afterwards. " I under- stand it now." "Understand what, love'1' asked bis beautiful bride, looking up from the bite of an apple, " I know why he laughed. I know why the barber laughed with bis dying breath," he moaned, "Gracious goodness I What was it for?" she demanded with dimpling smiles .' Because he died without giving us a marriage certifícate." With a wild shriek the Boston girl sank dead at bis feet. The barber was avenged. 