The New Providence. BY REV. JOSEPH PARKER, D.D. I live near a town where no God is acknowledged, and where, therefore, the people have undertaken to do everything for themselves. The town is a very quaint one, as old as the twelfth century, and having nothing new about it but the New Providence, or every man his own deity. There is only one man in the place who opposes the idea ; and he is tolerated only on the ground that he was born in the town, and that he is approaching the age at which every member of his family died. The old church has been turned into a railway station, the Methodist chapel into a police office, and the other chapel into a co- operative store. Parsons there arc none; Sundays there are none; Bibles there are none. There is no mistake about this matter ; this is an out and out case of the New Providence, in which weather, harvest, cattle plague, life, and death, are managed by human will and human hands alone. I live a couple of miles out, and often drive in to see how the little deities are getting on. The people allow me to be present at their eouncils, and to ask all sorts of questions, because they say they are bent on converting me to their manly and independent theory of life, and I am equally bent upon exposing its shallowness and denouncing its iniquity. The people are quite remarkable looking, somewhat quaint, not seldom odd, and now and then weirdly out of keeping with general human resemblances. The prevailing expression of face is that of keenness, suspicion, cunning, and eagerness. There is certainly no aspect of repose, nor is there any sign of contemplation or mental transport. It is only just to the people to say that up to a given point they have succeeded admirably. The drainage of the town is perfect; the art of white- washing has been made a branch of practical chemistry, and public baths are the most paying property in the town. The principal difficulty hitherto of the New Providence has been to do away with the cemetery. Several meetings have been held over this question. Once, indeed, the Mayor himself (the chief of the atheists) was in the chair, and the resolutions were moved and seconded by Aldermen alone. But, the cemetery still remains. Once the town council held a secret all-day meeting about this matter and passed resolutions of the most stringent kind ; but the cemetery still remains. Once a special committee, consisting of men whose incomes were over a thousand a year, walked the death- ground all night, and shook many of the smaller gravestones, and whispered to one another in the cold midnight wind'—but the cemetery still remains. How to do away with the necessity for it is a question which the New Providence has not been able to answer. The doctors have really done a good deal towards keeping sickness out of the town, but somehow Death comes and reaps his harvest without the preliminary seed-time of sickness and pain ; and so long as Death comes the cemetery must, as a matter of course, remain. But I must tell you some of the processes which had to be completed in setting up the New Providence, and then wc can return to the cemetery. " Now," said the Mayor (always the ardent leader of the atlieists), " we must have no half-and-half work; we must cut deep and spare not, always remembering the good old saying that' well begun is half done.' " So places of worship were deconsc«rated; Bibles, hymn-books, and volumes of divinity were burned in the market,-place ; food was eaten unblessed ; beds were sought without prayers being said; at birth there was no thanksgiving, at marriage no benediction, at death no hint of resurrectiou. But the religious idea liad got into other forms and places, und must be routed out. The Englishman had to burn Shakespeare and Milton, for the God of the heavens was acknowledged reverently by both. The Scotchman had to give up Burns; and the Irishman, Campbell; and the Welshman had to give up every Bardic strain—for God was in every one of them. Pictures, too, had to be torn down and burned. And Music had to be ransacked and depleted, and the Messiah, Creation, Elijah, and all the list to which they belong, were cast into the crackling and devouring flames. And letters of long ago—before the New Providence 6et in—had to share the common fate ; letters in which love was called a child of heaven, in which grandmothers prayed for grandchildren, in which fathers prayed for wanderers and prodigals, in which friends prayed that the river might be dried up when the pilgrim passed through—all were torn from their hiding-places, and thrown into the roaring storm-fire; and the Mayor and the Aldermen, having watched the triumphant flame, and seen the last inch of white paper fall into the hot pit, said tho work was well done, and now the town would be its own heaven, and the people their own gods. But one thing had been forgotten. So masons were sent to the cemetery to cut out all epitaphs that were tainted with religion. Away tho sacred words were hewn, "I am the Resurrection and the Life;" " Blessed are the dead that die in the Lord " Death is swallowed up in victory;" " Present with the Lord "•—away they went, crumbled into disregarded dust. Yet one mason's arm fell powerlessly at his side. He came to his own child's grave—some three feet long —and on the stone was " Of such is the Kingdom of Heaven;" he applied the chisel, lifted the mallet, but struck not, hastening away to smite 6ome other stone with double force—and force the less precise that tears filled and blinded his eyes. " Now," said the Mayor (and the Aldermen said the same), "we are nearer perfection than ever we were before; there is a white streak in the east, and the morning of liberty dawns." But that very day the old religious difficulty reappeared, for a new Alderman had to be sworn in, and had to say " So help me God." It was arranged that the words should mean nothing; that when the Alderman said " God," he should look significantly towards the Mavor, and so pass on. Thus the N ew Providence was openly installed, and the town became a religious island, around which flowed the putrid waters of non-theism, separating it from the continents of religious civilisation. Still, the rain came when it was not wanted ; still the young died before their time; still the delirious song of man-worship was stopped by bad harvests; still the force of human will was broken by influences without figure or name—ghosts with colour, spectres without shape, weird things to be damned if they could be spoken to, and to be burned if they could be got hold of. The Mayor, whose chief enjoyment seemed to be in utterly destroying all traces of: religious impression, said there was an Achan in the camp, and until he was discovered progress was impossible. So inquest was made. Some Bible must have escaped the fire, or some yellow letter must be mouldering in a secret drawer. Every man was ordered to make search, under penalty of being denounced as a traitor and expelled as a villain. The secret was discovered! It was found that the work of demolition at the cemetery had not been thoroughly done, for on one stone was left the words— " Of such is the kingdom of Heaven." That was the Achan. To inflict upon the Achan the most ignominious punishment, the parent of the child was himself ordered to cut out the epitaph with his own hands, and he did it —did it thoroughly ; so thoroughly that the wind blew through the rent he had made in the stone, and in doing so whistled as one who mocks and taunts an unequal foe. Still the cemetery remained! Every week some newgrave was dug or some old grave was opened. The Mayor was powerless, the Aldermen were dumb, the inhabitants were troubled. If the old alone had died the disturbance woidd have been but nominal, for old age goes away with the naturalness and beauty of the westering sun; but children died; fair maidens died; young men died; men in their prime died; and the speech of the town was filled witli such mournful words as " widow," "orphan," "childless," and "desolate!" There must still be an Achan in the town. The Mayor said so; the Aldermen said so ; healthy and wealthy atheists said so too;—at length it was discovered: the man who had cut out the child's epitaph died, and hidden amongst his things most prized was the panel he had cleanly cut out of the grave-stone, bearing the sweet words—" Of such is the kingdom of heaven." It was broken with a. hammer ; it was grouud into dust; the dust was burned, and the ashes were scattered on the river, and so the old town had momentary rest. Still the cemetery remained!—a very wilderness of death. Nothing would grow in it. The trees were mere skeletons. No birds sang in them. No fragrance exhaled from them. Flowers withered as soon as planted. So the cemetery was in very deed the desert of despair. Men who were laid in it seemed to be twice dead, because of its continual wintriness. The secret was discovered at length. Years ago the ground had been episcopally consecrated, and holy prayer had floated over the quiet acre. That was it. Now the ground must be disinfected ; so lewd men cursed it, base men spat upon it, and flippant men mocked the spirit that Brooded there. Still, Death came : old Death, black Death, cruel Death, impartial Death;—on and on it came; every day it came; the spade of the cemetery never rested and the tongue in the heavy bell was rarely silent. Aye, that was the Achan, the bell! the bell! The Mayor said so, the Aldermen said so, the Councillors of the town 6aid so with one conseut. The bell had some kind of religious influence: some said it was popish, some superstitious, all inconsistent. So down it fell, and was thrown into a furnace, and it came out in molten fire, and, being rolled into a ball, it was plunged into the middle of the river amid the profanest execrations. Thus the work was completed: churches, chapels, altars, pulpits, Bibles, poems, pictures, letters, epitaphs, and bells, were cast away, and night fell on the town a very burden of darkness. And it came to pass that a maiden, fairer than ever had been seen before, came to the town and took up her abode in the principal inn. She was unat tended except by a single servant. For a week she was hardly seen by the townspeople, but when she did go abroad she excited admiring and most respectful interest. Week by week she quietly lived amongst the people, speaking gently and kindly to every one, and making friends without exciting jealousy. Tall and fair, with eyes of light and a voice full of sympathy, smiling on the poor and caressing little children, how could she fail to awaken notice and conciliate esteem ? All this she did week by week, and did it as if by an undoubted right. She asked many questions and soon found that the town was without God, and therefore without all that is implied by that sacred term. Not a word of reproach escaped her lips. She lived on quietly and quickly added to the number of her friends. One day she asked if she might plant a tree in the cemetery, and leave was immediately given, the Mayor in particular being most anxious that this should be done. It was a small laburnum, winch in due time put forth its leaves and its drops of gold. It was a new sight in the cemetery, for every other tree was chilled as by a curse. Surely there was blessing in the maiden's touch. Surely her smile was a warm summer. Once she asked if she might invite all the poor children of the town and make for them a happy evening in the council chamber, aud permission was eagerly accorded. No suck evening had children spent in that town for many a month. No hard questions were asked, no lecture was given, no task imposed; the lady but 6ang, and told children's stories, and gave each child a flower ordered from a neighbouring town. Henceforward, the children loved the lady and were ready to stand, fifty thick, between her and danger. She said she liked to nurse the sick, and to sympathize with persons in distress, and in these particulars she was greatly in request, and so for many a day she worked as uo other lady had ever worked in that atheistic town. In twelve months the lady sent for the Mayor. She was ill. She wished to say something to his worship, but was embarrassed by struggling emotions. On the first occassion she could but look at him; yet such a look was hers as the Mayor was hardly likely to forget —BO calm, so piercing, so heart-reading was it! He was requested to call again the next day; and be called, .•and the fair lady waB able to communicate with bim. " You have no Religious advisers ih this town ?" said •slie in' an inquiring tone. " I am proud to answer, we have not," said the Mayor. " Is it because you are too good or too bad P" inquired the lady. " Because we •are not superstitious, madam," was the instant and emphatic response. " Then you have not destroyed Toligion in order to silence arousing consciences ?" The .i Mayor repudiated the ungenerous suggestion. "One • question, Mr. Mayor, if you please, which may appear to savour of vanity : What impression lias been formed *of me in the town?" The Mayor answered her that her name was held in general reverence; every one admired her; he himself, he was not ashamed to say, -•was simply her idolater; anything in the world he could do to prove his esteem, and-he might say his fatherly affection, he would gladly^o; The only mystery was how such a lady could hare' given herself up to such a life of self-sacrifice for the good of others. That certainly did puezle many of the townspeople. "*'Are you quite easy in your conscience, Mr. Mayor?" said the lady with stunning abruptness. His worship started, but made no quotable reply. "After a painful moment he said : " You excite me, Miss ." " Call me ' Alice,' Mr. Mayor, if you really entertain fatherly regard for one so young and friendless here." The Mayor stood up and changed in colour violently. " You remember fair Alice of the High Hills ? You remember your crime towards her? You remember the baby Alice, left at Lord Prudhoe's door with the inscription round its little throat ? You remember fair Alice's <death in the river—near the deep place where the cemetery bell was flung ? I have heard all my story—I am the foundling Alice. Good-bye,—only one thing could make me forgive you and work here as I have done ; good-bye,—^only one tiling—never forget it—I suffer, I .forgive, I deny myself, I do it all—all—every whit of it — 4 for CHRIST'S sake.'" {To be Continued.) 