THE NEW CHURCH OF ENGLAND, ST. PAUL'S, SALE. LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE. The ceremony of laying the foundation stone of the above church, in Cuning- hame- street, was performed, in the pre. sence of a moderately large, concourse of people, on Monday afternoon last, by His Lordship, the Right Reverend the Bishop of Melbourne, who was accom panied by the Rev. Canon Watson (In cumbent of St. Paul's), and the Revs. Hollis, Walker, Sandiford, Thomas, Hindley, Spooner, Standrin, and J. M. Watson (Belfast). The proceedings com- menced by those assembled, led by the choir of the church, singing the pro- cessional hymn, " Onward Christian Soldiers." The Rev. Canon Watson then said :--" Dearly beloved in the Lord-It is customary in the erection of all great edifices to lay with solemnity some princi- pal stone, to represent the foundation or corner-stone. In accordance with this custom, we are now assembled to lay the foundation (or corner) stone of a building to be dedicated to the special service of God. Let us then remember how it is written :-"Except the Lord build the house, their labour is but lost that build it ; except the Lord keep the city, the watchman waketh but in vain ;' and let us implore the blessing of Almighty God on this our undertaking." The usual de- votional exercise then followed, and, the 84th Psalm having been sung, Mr W. de T. Tracy read the following memorial, which was afterwards put in a bottle and placed in a cavity in the stone, together with several coins of the realm, and a copy of that day's Gippsland Times, and Satur day's Mercury :- In Nomine Dei, Amen. Colony of Victoria, Australia, Diocese of Melbourne, Archdeaconry of Mel- bourne. Parish of St. Paul. Sale, County of Tanjil, North Giposland. Anno Domini MDCCCLXXXIII. Being in the 47th year of the Reign of Her Most Gracious Mfajesty, Queen Victoria. Bishop of Melbourne, Right Rev. J. Moor- house, D.D. Archdeacon Very Rev. H. B. Macartney DD. Incumbent of St. Paul's, Rev. G. W. Watson, Rural Dean. Board of Guardians: Richard Heales Carter; James Robinson Charles Napper; Edward Scanlon Edward Alf. Paterson; Sydney Fredk.Treloar James George Pettit; Thomas Trood Geo. Bird. The foundation-stone of this Church was laid on Monday, 17th Dec. 1883, By his Lordship the Bishop of Melbourne, In the name of the Holy and undivided Trinity, and dedicated to the Holy Apostle, St. Paul. The first Church was built in 1858, the Right Rev. Chas Perry, D.D., being Bishop of Mel- bourne; Rev. P. K. Simmons the Incumbent. Another, to take its place, was commenced in 1865, the Venerable T. C. B. Stretch; M A., being Incumbent, and Archdeacon of Sale. This latter, however, was not finished, and the present structure was erected in a more central portion of the town to serve as the permanent church. The architect are Messrs N. Billing and Son, of Melbourne. The contractor is Mr George Wynd, builder, of Sale; clerk of works, 'Mr Jas Swan. The stone having been lowered, the Bishop, using a handsome silver trowel presented to him for the occasion, and handed to him by Mr Billing, laid the stone saying, " I lay this memorial stone of a church to be called St. Paul's Church, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." The hymn "This stone to Thee in faith we lay" was then sung, and the Revs. Mr Sandiford and J. M. Watson engaged in prayer, and the usual collection followed. The Bishop then said it had been thought best that he should say what he had to say at the Conversazione which was to be held in the evening, but he would avail himself of the present opportunity to con- gratulate them on entering upon a contract which had been long contemplated, and the wisdom of undertaking which had been frequently under discussion at pub- lic meetings of the congregation, and now they had begun it be prayed Almighty God to bless them, that the house to be erected there might reflect the light of His Grace from its walls through the neighbouring districts, and that Almighty God would bless all who ministered in it, and all who assembled to join in prayer and praise within its walls. The Rev. M. Hiudley delivered a short address, and concluded by expressing the hope that this building might be blessed, and that it would be consecrated by a firm and solemn resolve on the part of all con- nected with it, in the name and strength of the Lord, to lead truer and better lives to the salvation of their souls. The Rev. C. P. Thomas also delivered an address in which he dwelt upon the infinite superiority of the christian religion to any other religion in the world. He contended that it was a perfect system of religion in every re- spect, and nothing could be added to or removed from it. It had lived through all assaults in past ages, and would pros- per in spite of all assaults that might be made upon it. He then dwelt upon the divinity of God, the belief in which he said was the secret of the Christian re- ligion, and he concluded by expressing the hope that they were there to engage in the work of advancing the true glory of God to the welfare of their fellow men. The hymn " Oh Lord of Hosts" was then sung, and the Bishop having pronounced the Benediction, the proceedings termi- nated. The inscription on the memorial stone was as follows: This memorial stone Was laid by The Right Rev. James Moorhouse, D.D.. Bishop of Melbourne. Dec. 17th, 1883. The following is a description of the building, the erection of which is now fairly under weigh, and which it is hoped will be opened for divine service during the ensuing year :-The church is to be built of brick, with windows of Waurn Ponds freestone. It is of the decorated English period of Gothic architecture, with traceried windows, that at the west end being of 5 lights, the east of 3, and the side windows of 2 lights each. The roof is open in one span, with arched trusses and boarded under the rafters with wrought deal, stained and varnished; each truss springs from freestone corbels built into the walls. The plan of the church consists of nave, 75ft. x 42ft. 6in., chancel, 25ft. 9in. x 24ft, with porch, organ chamber and vestry, and is seated for 498 adults, The walls of the nave are 23 ft. 6in. high to cornice, and height from floer to ridge 50ft. The floor of the nave is slightly raised from east to west. It is not intended to build the tower or porch at present, the funds being unequal to so large an undertaking, which is to be regretted. The walls will be all plastered inside the church and tinted. Ventilation has been provided by inlets a little above floor level, the air being conducted in cavities in the walls, entering the church about 7ft. from the floor. There are also ventilators in the roof and windows. Messrs Billing and Son, of Collins-street, Melbourne, are the architects, and Mr G. Wynd of Sale, is the builder. 