Tales and Sketches. FRIENDSHIP TESTED. "Weighed in the balance, Ada, weighed and found wanting. I dare not entrust my happiness to a man who drinkB, even though he be, in all sense, iny ideal of manly nobility. This one evil habit fixes between ua a constantly widening gulf. After all, Ada, I never really loved him." Thus ran the fragment of a note which Harold Lawrence crushed in liis hand as though it bad been his death warrant. " This is the end, Ned. As sufely as I crush that .cruel note in my hand, so surely do I crush in my heart the lore which i l bore for Mabel Stacey." " Do not be so hasty about it, Harry, old fellow ! There must be some mistake about this." "No, there can be. nope. I tried to think there was, but it is all too plain. Miss Stacey has been making a special study of my character, and this iB the re sult of her critical examination," he said, bitterly. \ ; " I must admit, Harry, that the atudy has been a cloae one. Why, we have all thought you as good as .engaged, and I have been so loyal.-to you that I haven't tried to get .up even a ghost of a flirtation with your fair Mabel'"' - Don't say jo ; Mabel .'" interrupted. Lawrence, fiercely. "She is nothing to me, nothing whatever. " , "Your face belies your words, my boy. The Jove of a nature like yours must die a natural death. You can't strangle it. For give my plainness^" hB added, as Lawrence turned haughtily away ; " you know I am a privileged character." The friendship of Harold Lawrence and Edward Farley had always been charac terised by kindly frankness, especially on the part of the latter, and it was not very strange that he should thuB speak out his mind. "But I say, Harry," he continued, "what does she mean by 'that one evil habit?' Surely you are not a drinking man?" " No, Ned, I have no taste for liquor, even if it were against my principle to use it, and save the usual social glass I never touch even wine. The other day Miss Siacey took me to task for drinking wine with'her uncle, and I half jokingly de fended myself and the habit, but she must have known I was not in earnest, and would willingly become a total ab stainer." " But you will explain, or allow me to ? A little misunderstanding like this ought not to drive yon away, fur I honestly be lieve, Harold, that Mabel Stacey loves yon." : " A,love which is coldly watching for flaws is not the love I require ; besides, she confidentially informs this shallow brained Miss Ada that she never really loved me. Oh, what a cursed fool I have been! I, who pride myself upon my knowledge of human nature, to be blindly led by a heartless coquette. Apd I have thought her so pure, and true, and so wo -maniy.7 — — Dr. Farley's blue eyes flashed, and he was about to speak, but, checking him self, walked away. When he returned to the rustic bench where his friend sat, there were no traces of anger in his f&oe;, but his voice was husky as he said : " It's bard lines, Lawrence, harder for you than it would he for a fellow like me, but I sympathise with you. You do not know her, that is all." Lawrence shook his head, but did not speak. For some moments they sat in silence. At length, as by asndden effort, Harold rose, and stretching out his hand, exclaimed: " Well, eld fellow, good-bye ! I have stayed in this enchanted spot too long al ready. To-day I sail for Liverpool." " Don't give up in this style, Harry. It will turn out all right if you only will stay." " It's of no use, Ned ; don't urge me. Good-bye ! I want to be alone." "If,you must go," said Ned, "good bye," and with hands clasped more ex pressive than words the two friend sepa rated. The friendship of these two men could be explained.only by the law of opposites. Edward Farley was a rising young doctor who had been a former college friend of Lawrence's. His frank, genial manner, and his sympathetic adaptability made him a general favourite. Harold Law rence was an artist, very talented, and sure to be successful in bis chosen profes sion. He was a man whom all respected, whom many admired and whom few loved. Cold and reticent to the world in general, few understood the warmth of his heart or the intense possibilities of his nature. To Nedl Farley he bad opened his heart, feeling here was one whom he could fully trust. One other had won the confidence of Lawrence. This was Mabel Stacey. When first he met her he felt that at last he had found his ideal of womanly perfec tion. Close acquaintance confirmed this impression, and, as the acquaintance rip ened into friendship, and the friendship into love, even a careless observer must have noted how well suited they were to each other. So different, and yet each the complement of the other in character. ] For weeks Harold Lawrence lingered at Lakeside, charmed by the spell of Mabel's presence. At last, confident that his love was returned, he was about to speak, in words, the truth Bhe so well knew, when he accidentally came across this note, which occasioned the foregoing conversa tion. To a man of the world, who had in dulged in a dozen flirtations, this would have seemed but a little thing. To such a man as Harold Lawrence it was a ter rible blpw. Never before had his proud soul bowed at the shrine of love. Bestow ing augUt, he must bestow all; and sus picion that the fair young girl had trifled with the highest and holiest passion of his heiit V&sagohy; to him. But she should never know knew his secret,,and he was too loyalto disclose it. He would retire within him self onco more, aud live the life of. proud, unbelieving detohtki. He hpifki $pusV out the last sp^ of love, even if w so doing he crushed Ids own; heart. JMice forth art arid art alone should claim nini. After the departure of Lawrence, Dr. Farley batted with conflicting emotions. He, too, loved Mabel Stacey. In child hood they had been playmates, and now, after a separation of ten years, they were again residing in the same town, and theie-fomet intimacy was renewed. Mabel Stacey'a strong womanly nature delighted in the companionship of culti vated, intelligent .minds, and it was no* strange tliat she and Dr. Farley had bei come firm friends. She did not droam off j flirting with him. That was fax beneath) her, She only knew that she enjoyed his! ! company, and being singularly free from \ ! self-consciousness, the idea of falling jn I "love with him never entered her mind. Nor was Farley aware of that possibility Until Harold Lawrence came to spend the summer months with him. His quick perception' soon understood that bin friend was captivated, and only'too evident was the truth that Mabel's heart had, at last, found its king. Then Dr. Farley read his own heart; but, always wholly unself ^t^idd not mar the happiness of his friend by one hint of thetnith. fiut: now,.whatwsshis duty? He had.done his best to pemuade Lawrence to stay, and had failed. " If that note was true, and she does not love Harxy, why should II try to recall him ? Why may I not win the treasure that he has given up ?" Thus his heart pleaded, but loyal friendship said nay. Finally, with white, determined face, Dr. Farley rose and went into the house. " It will ruin Harry's whole life," he said to himself. " I must do what I can for him. I will find out if Bhe loves him. If she does not, then I can do nothing for him. But if she does—well, I will find out to-night." That evening he called on Mabel. She was aittiog at the open window, and as he approached he paused a moment in the shadow of the maples to gaze at the lovely picture. He had always admired Mabel, j but never had she seemed so beautiful as | to-night. Her toilet was the perfection of simple white, and the flimsy laces at her throat and wrists seemed almost a part of the moonlight which crowned her radiant beauty. As he advanced she rose to greet hi™ A light shadow crossed her face, but it might have been the flickering changes of the moonlight, for as she bade him wel come there was nothing to indicate that he was not an expected guest. "Ah, Doctor Ned," she said, gaily, " your patients must be increasing of late. They monopolise you entirely. I pro test !" "I have been busy, Mabel, but you ought not to miss my calls when I send such an excellent substitute." " How remarkably free from all self esteem you would have me think you to be," said "Mabel, laughing. "Just as if passing acquaintance, could compensate for the loss of an old friend. By the way, how long does Mr. Lawrence remain with you?" " He left this morning. He intends to spend a year more in Europe. I shall miss him sadly. Hany.is a grand, good fellow, though but few appreciate him as you and I do." He was watching her closely, but, after the first start of surprise, could discern no trace of emotion. " He left rather suddenly, did he not ?" she remarked, carelessly. " Rather. I did not know until this morning that he was going. I supposed, however, that he informed you of his sud den freak last evening." " Not a word. Oh, well, it is not very strange after all, only one naturally would expect a farewell call. Now, if you were going away, you would rush frantically about town vainly attempting to honour each friend with the laBt call; but that dark-browed friend of yours is after a dif ferent pattern. He is utterly incompre hensible." " Oh, Mabel, he is one of the best fel lows alive." " Repetition, air, repetition 1" she in terrupted, saucily, " Fve heard that do zens of times. Gome, your tenor must surely be rusting for want of use. Let us practise this duet." " As you will, Queen Mab.," and soon they were at the piano, their voices blend ing in rich harmony. As Dr. Farley walked home that night it was with a lighter heart than he had known for weeks. "She does not love him," he murmured exultingly. Then, with a sudden pang of remorse, he won dered how he could rejoice over the very fact which had caused his friend's sor row. 0 "But she does not care for him, and ahe never will," he said. " I am free to woo and win her, my Mabel, my beauti ful queen." The weeks flitted by, and October came, with its rich, golden days. It was on one I of these afternoons that Dr. Farley found I courage to tell his story. The eloquence i of love pleaded for him aa he told her how I long he had loved her in silence, of his i joy when he learned that her heart was not another's ; of all the bright hopes he had cherished in the golden weeks that had just passed. He pictured his life as it would be if inspired by her presence, by her love. In brief, he pleaded his case with all the power of love. Mabel listened as one spell-bound, but a terrible struggle was going in within her breast. A great temptation, the greatest she had ever known, now faced her, and would not be conquered. She yielded to the forces which impelled her, and, as her lover waited for an answer, she decided to speak the words which would seal her fate for ever. She would give her hand without her heart. Clear and distinct came her answer: " Dr. Farley, you do me great honour. I thank you for your offer, and will be come your wife." How cold aud formal sound edthose ap ical tj^wlgdt sh*|M lirtenefej Hp her .Ipver'sdid not think of this ; he only knew that the koraan of his choice liad pro mised to be his wife. At Christmas time Dr. Farley was to claim his bride, for this was his wish, and Mabel had passively as S#*:';*-1 fi t: ' - •: I am anxious to take you from the lonely life which you must lead here in this old mansion," he said to lieroneday.' " Not lonely while I have uncle and dear auntie to pet and scold me ; besides, you forgot the literary work which occu pies most of iny time." "Forgot what I never knew! How could you keep that from me so long ?" exclaimed Ned, reproachfully. 1 " I seldom speak of my ' aspirations' to any one, and my tiny wreath'of laurels is of such recent growth, and so liable to wither, that J hardly feel justified even now in showing you this," and ahe took from her desk the first chapters of a serial and passed them over for his inspection. "Ah, Sappho!" he said, playfully, " let me-prove what a merciless critic I am." " Very well, Heir Surgeon, and while you mutilate this child of my brain, I beg leave to spend,a tf#>rt time in writing." A sudden exclamation suddenly arrested her attention, and she looked up enquir ingly. " What is it? Why Ned, are you ill ?" " Yes—no. This note—what does this mean ?" and he read: " Weighed in the balance and found wanting," etc. "Did you ever write that to Ada Somers ? But you didn't: of course you didn't. Oh, how blind we were !" Mabel looked bewildered. "I do not understand; please explain.'' Pale and excited, Dr. Farley hurriedly told the story of the note found by Harold Lawrence, months before. The will power which had sustained Mabel so long deserted her. She *n«lr into a chair and stretched out her hands in piteous appeal to her lover. " It was only a stray bit of my manu script, and this, this caused all that ter rible misunderstanding. Oh, Ned, I loved him, I loved him 2" Mabel seemed to foxget everything ex cept the one fact that she loved Harold, and that be had Indeed loved her. The thought of the pain her words gave to Dr. Farley did not force itself npon her con sciousness, at first, but when she did re member she would have given much to recall those words. For several minutes they sat in silence this man and woman, both so utterly miserable. To each the truth had come as a blinding flash and the events of the past were dear to both. At length Dr. Farley rose, and with unsteady steps left the house. He must he alone. By and by he could talk it over calmly, but now he must go away out of sight of those pleading eyes. Me chanically, he returned home. He paced slowly up and down under the old elms, and finally paused at the very old spot, —3 ■ £—•—t. . iiI ie. parted with Harry Lawrence. He saw it all so clearly now. Many thinga which had seemed mysterious, were now painfully distinct. Mabel, his Mabel, loved Harold Lawrence. When he left so abruptly, without even a fare well message, she felt that he had been flirting with her, and her love and pride were terribly wounded. Her strong will had enabled her to hide her sorrow, how ever, and Ned had not guessed her secret. She felt that the one man she loved had cruelly deceived her, and when she saw the great wealth of love which Dr. Farley laid at her feet, her wounded heart yearn ing for the tenderness which had been denied her, accepted his devotion. He saw now that she never had loved him. She would try to make him happy, but he felt the bitter truth—her heart woiild ?iever be his. | And now came the temptation. Should tie relinquish his claim on her and send for Harry Lawrence 1 Should he give up the woman he loved ? Her sense of honor would never allow her to ask for a release. After the first shock of surprise she would be proudly silent concerning what she had learned. In time she might learn to love him. Why give her up ? Then came thoughts of duty, of honour. He recalled to mind a letter he once wrote to Harold, in which he had said, " Our friendship is the sort1 which will bear test, Lawrence." Ah 1 here was a test. Should he be loyal to friendship 1 Firmly he said, "I will give her up.' " Just where X left you," said a familiar voice. "Harry Jjawrence!" exclaimed Ned, and instantly self was forgotten. The haggard face of hu friend was all that 'was nehded to confirm his resolution, and he felt a thrill of triumph, as he thought of the joy that wasin store for his friend. " I thought you were in Europe," he said, " and have wondered why you did not write." " I missed that vessel^ and before the next left port t had decided to abandon my trip and spent a few weeks in the mountains. I have been roving around here and there, as fancy directed, and now could not resist the longing to visit Lake aide once more ; to see you and to hear from Mabel.' How is she Z Is she well Z Is she happy 1" " Very unhappy!" said Ned, lively, and in a few words he told him what hie had learned that morning. " And now come with me." He longed to have the ordeal over as soon as possible, for he was only human, and what if his friendship should not stand the test. In a few moments they stood in the presence of Mabel Stacey. Dr. Farley spoke in a voice that was grave and tender, "Mabel, my friend, my sister, a misunderstanding came near blighting the lives erf the two beings whom, of all the world, I hold most dear. To-day the cloud is lifted and I bid you rejoice in the light. Mabel, Harry, may God bless you both !" One kiss on the fair face ujjbiftied happy bewilderment, ione iiuphlsiite em-; » -i- itfe brace of the manly yorm -of ps fnen|g and lie passed outauddeffctheml Friend ship had borne the test. 