ROUND THE WORLD. BY A FOOTSCRAYAN. Tumbling into my clothes at the hour men- tioned, I started off in search of a dentist, chemist, or any one else who could rid me of the tormentor, and walked about until half-past seven o'clock — to and a half hours' misery — before I found a chemist's shop open ; dentists do not commence business until ten a.m. On the principle of making the best of a bad job, I submitted to an operation by the pillmaker and felt relieved, and revenged when I saw the ringleader in the forceps, as I hoped it might prove a caution to the other cantankerous grinders. Continuing my peregrinations the following morning at six o'clock, I visited Halles Cen- tralles, near which stands the noble church of St Eustache. This central market — there are several of them — presented the most extraordin- ary appearance I ever witnessed. There were thousands of vendors and purchasers, good- looking, robust market-women, and fair maids the bable and the execrable chopped-in-half French was simply astounding. Strawberries and flowers were at their best, the collection of fish marvellous, and every variety of produce for human food, even to broken victuals from the restaurants were displayed for sale. Altogether the hurry and bustle, the chatter, cries of the differ- cnt auctioneers and sellers, and the general ex- citement combined to make a lively and amusing scene. From the market to breakfast, and then I pre- sented my letters to the British Consul. The day being too far spent for business, I visited Arc De Triumphe De L'Etoile, a most magnifi- cent: arch, which cost ten millions of francs and occupied some twenty-seven years in its construction. The whole structure is 152 feet high, the centre arch being 90 feet from the ground and covered with trophies that cost the best and bravest blood of France. From the top there is a grand view of the city to he had, as the myriads of avenues diverge from the base, and here and there the winding Seine, with its many bridges is to be seen on its way to the English channel, after a course of 470 miles from Langres to Havre. At certain seasons of the year the river is very shallow, but man's ingenuity has overcome that difficulty, and the steamers are so constructed, that one may go by water between Paris and London if they are so minded. One feature that seems novel, especially to an Australian, is the washing boats, where hundreds of women may be seen scrubbing their dirty linen in the river, and although rather a public mode, it is an improvement on the colonial style indulged in by some public men of doing their dirty linen before the gaze of the world. One thing noticeable after the smoke of London, which limits the view, no matter the altitude, is the fine clear atmosphere of the city, so that from the summit of the arch of Triumphe, the scene is only limited by the line where earth and sky blend. The streets are all wide and well looked after, and the boulevards, or ramparts with their trees are simply magnificent. These boulevards are the resorts of all classes, owing to the cafés, where all sorts of refreshments may be obtained and in a ramble round, one may see parties deeply absorbed in games of chess, draughts and like amusements or possibly criticising the dress or personnel of passers by. Gazing at the many handsome buildings and the many scenes of pleasures, one can hardly conceive that only a few years ago the guns of the invaders thundered at the ramparts and vomited fire, death and destruction over the devoted city, that the scum of its backslums and gaols was let loose, and like human tigers gloated in the dire work of carnage, while disease, starvation, and all the fell allies of death assisted in the grim task of spreading misery and desolation. There is much to be learned in Paris, especially from a sanitary point of view, and I dare say some of your local corporation fathers would profit by a visit, especially those who go in for kerchief lots for building purposes, as they would see from the provisions made in the shape of grand squares and avenues, that a large city like a human being, in order to enjoy health, must possess good lungs. It is said that a great deal of this care is due to the late Napoleon, and if such is the case, then this must be the one redeeming feature that shows there is a soft, good spot somewhere and that no man is altogether aban- doned and desperately wicked. Amongst other places I visited some twenty of the churches, or rather palaces, for such they are in reality, and I am told nearly all endowed with fabulous wealth. During the stay I was fortunate enough to meet with one of Cook's tourists' parties conducted by an English guide and for a fee of ten francs (8s) had a day's driving round the principal sights. The tomb of Napoleon, where the bones that were brought from St. Helena are crumbling to dust in a massive and magnificent sarcophagus with giant marble angles keeping guard over a dead heart, that the groans of the wounded and dying, the widow's moan and the orphan's wail failed to soften. I fear me it is only stone angles that have anything to do with such dire enemies of mankind. The Place De La Concorde accounted per- haps, as the most magnificent in the world, but ah me, what terrible associations it has. The obelisk of Luxon, which was brought from Egypt adorns the centre and covers the spot where the first guillotine stood. It is said that poor weak Louis XVI. when this instrument was first shown to him by the inventor, sug- gested the triangular knife., remarking if the other had to be used much it would get blunt. Anyway he was one of the first victims whose head dropped in saw-dust before the descend- ing blade, and that of his hapless widow, Marie Antoineitte followed soon after. Charlotte Corday, the brave country girl, who revenged her lover, and rid France of the monster Dan- ton, Elizabeth Robespierre and nearly 3000 other male and female victims were murdered on that fatal spot during two years of the Red Revolutionists reign. Around the place are statues symbolical of the principal towns in the city — but come away from it, for with all the purging it still seems to stink with the foul and bloody murders committed in the fair name of liberty. Murders hideous and equalled only by those perpetrated in the sacred name of Christ- ianity ! To the Exhibition buildings : the change is pleasing, for here are trophies not of man's power to slay his brother, and cause misery and untold want, woe and suffering, but of what he may do and create by a proper exercise of the divine intellect, which God has given him. What a difference "Peace hath her victories," and they are great, and noble, and good. Left in peace, the mind turns in its restless enquiry to seek new means for elevating God's creatures morally and socially, but touch the evil chord, and alas for God's own fair image ! Alas for the sorrowing hearts of the young maiden lover, the agonised wife, the grief stricken mother, and the pale hapless wee orphans. Yet man calls it glory ! I wonder how the spirits of the Napoleons and Alexanders, the Wellingtons and Moltkes feel if the ghosts of all those they led to slaughter and be slaughtered, are forever and ever hunting them through and over all eternity, and how much net comfort they real- ise from their fame and glory. To be continued. 