THE NOVELIST. ANNE. From "Harper's Monthly." CHAPTER I. (Continued). Those were the days when the old buckram-backc-d rhjined versions of the psalms were steadfastly given, out at every service, and 4Anne's rich voice sang, with earnest fervor. words like those; " His liberal favors he extends, To some be gives, to othere lends; Yet what his charity impairs, He saves by prudence, in affairs," while her father follow, d them with harmony fit for angels. Douglas taught his daughter music in the best sense of the plhrase ; she read notes accurately, and knew nothing of in ferior composers, the only change from the higher courts of melody be ing some of the old French chliansons of voyageurs, which still lingered on the island, echoes of the past. She could not touch the ivory keys with any skill, her hands were too much busied with other work ; but she prac. ticed her singing lessons as she went about the house-music which would have seemed to the world of New York as old fashioned as Chaucer. The fire of logs blazed on the hearth, the father sat looking at his daughter, who was sewing swiftly, her thoughts fixed upon her work. The clock struck eleven. 'LIt is late, Anne." " Yes, father, but I must finish. I have so little time during the day." ""[My good child." said Douglas, slowly:and fondly. Anne looked up; his eyes were dim with tears. "I have done nothing for you, dear," he said, as she dropped her work and knelt by his side. ." I-have kept you selfishly with me here, and made you a slave to those children." " My own brothers and my own 'ittle sister, father." a'Do you feel so, Anne? Then may Godi bless you foir it! .But. I should not have kept you here." "' This is our home, papa." "A poor one." " Is:it ? It never seemed so to me." "That is because you have known nothing better." "But I'like it, papa, just as it is. I have always been happy here." '" Really happy, Anne ?" The.girl paused, and reflected a moment. "Yes," she said; looking into the depths of the fire, with.: a smile, "I am happy all the time. I am never anything but happy." William Douglas looked :at her. Thefire-light shon 3 on her face; she turned her clear eyes toward him. "T'hen you do not mind the children? They are not a burdensome weight upon you ?" "Never, papa ; how can you sup pose it? I love them dearly, next to you." "And will you stand by them, Anne? Note my words: I do not urge it, I simply ask." "' Of course I will stand by them, papa. I give a promise of my own accord. I will never forsake them as long as I live. But why do you speak of it? Have I ever neglected them or been unkind to them ?" said the girl, troubled, and very near tears. "*No, dear; you love them better than they or I deserve. I was think ing of the future, and of a time when"-he had intended to say, " when I am no longer with you," but the depth of love and trust in her eyes made him hesitate, and finish his sen tence differently-" a time when they may give you troutle," he said. "They are good boys-that is, they mean no harm, papa. When they are older they will study more." " Will they ?" "Cezrtainly," said Anne, with con fidence. "I did. And as for Tita, you yourself must see, papa, what a remarkable child she is." Douglas shaded his face with his hand. The uneasy sense of trouble which always stirred within him when he thought of his second daughter was rising to the suiface now like a veiled, formless shape. "The sinsof the fathers," he thought, and sighed heavily. Anne threw her arms around his neck, and begged him to look at her. "'Papa speak to me, please. What is it that troubles you so ?" '"Stand by little Tits, child, no matter what she does. Do not(xpect too much of her, but remember always her-her Indian blood," said the troubled father, in a low voice. - A flush crossed Anne's face. The cross of mixed blood in the younger children was never alluded to in the family cirr.le or aEmong their outside friends. In truth, there had been many such mixtures on the island in the old times, although comparatively few in the modern days to which William Douglas's second marriage belonged. "Tita is French," said Anne, speaking rapidly, almost angrily. " She is more French than Indian, Still-one never knows." Then, after apause: ''"I have been a slothful father, Anne, and feel myself coward ly also in thus shifting upon your shoulders my own responsibilities. Still, what can I do ? I cannot re-live my life; and even if I could, perhaps I might do the same again. I do not know. We are as we are, and ten dencies dating generations back come out in us, and confuse our actions." He spoke dreamily. IHis eyes were assuming that vague look with which his children were familiar, and which betokened that his mind was far away. " You could not do anything which was-not right, father," said Anne. Shte was standing by his side now, and in her young strength might have been his champion against the world. The fire-light shining out showed a prematurely old man, whose thin form bent drooping shoulders, and purpose less face were but Time's emphasis upon the slender, refined, dreany youth, who, entering the domain of doubt with honest negations and a de finite desire, still wandered there losek to the world, having forgotten his first object, and loving the soft haze now for itself alone. Anne received no answer: her father's mind had passed away from her. After waiting a few moments in silence she saw that he was lost in one of his reveries, and sittingdown again she took 'p her work, and went un seewing with rapid stitches. Poor Anne and her poor presents ! How coarse the .litte white shirts for Louis and Andit! how rough the jacket for Gabriel!i How forlorn the doll! How awkwardly ftshioncd the small cloth slippers for Tita! The elder sister was obliged to make her Christmas gifts with her own hands; she had no money to upend for such superflui ties. The poor doll had a cloth face, with features painted on a flat surface, and a painful want of profile. A little before twelve the last stitch was taken with happy content. "Papa, it is nearly midnight; do not sit up very late," said the daughter bending to kiss the father's bent, brooding brow. William Douglas's mind came back for an instant, and looked out through his clouded eyes upon favorite child. He kissed her, gave her. his usual blessing "May God help the soul He has created !" and then, almost before she had. closed the door, he was far away again on one of those long journey ings which he took silently, only his following guardian angel knew whither. Anne went across the hall and entered the sitting-room ; the fire was low, but she stirred the embers, and by their light filled the four stockings hanging near the chimney-piece. First she put in little round cakes wrapped in papers; then home-made candies, not thoroughly successful in outline, but well-flavored and sweet; next- gingerbread .le plhants and camels, and an attempt at "a fairy; lastly the contents of her workbasket, which gave her much satisfaction as she inspected them for the last time. Throwing a great knot, which would burn slowly all night, upon the bed of dying coals, she lighted a candle and went to her own room. As soon as she had disappeared, a door opened softly above, and a small figure stole out into the dark hall. After listening a moment, this little figure went silently down the stairs, paused at the line of light underneath the closed study doe r, listened again, and then, convinced that all was safe, went into the sitting room, took down the stockings one by one, and deliberately inspected all their con tents, sitting on a low s:ool before the fire. First came the stockings of the boys; each parcel was unrolled, down to the last gingerbread camel, and as deftly enwrapped again by the skilful 'little fingers. During" this examina tion there was not so much an expression of interest as of jealous scrutiny. But when the turn of her own stocking came, the small face showed the most profound, almost weazened, solicitude. Package after pakage was swiftly opened, and its contents spread upon the mat beside her. The doll was cast aside with contempt, the slippers examined and tried on with critical care, and then when tile candy and cake appeared and nothing else, the eyes snapped with anger. The little brown hand felt down to the toe of the stocking: no, there was nothing more. " It is my opinion," said Tita, in her French island patois, half aloud, " that Annet is one stupid beast."' She then replaced everything, hung the stockings on their nails, and stole back to her own room; where by the light of a secreted candle-end, she manufactured the following epistle, with heavy labor of brains and hand : "Uher papa,-I hay dreemed thant Sant Klos has hare ribbans in his pak. Will you ask him for sum for your little Tita ? " This not seeming. sufficiently expressive, she inserted "trez affecsionay" before " Tita," and then, folding the epistle, she went softly down the stairs again, and stealing around in the darkness through several unused rooms, she entered her father's bedroom, which communicated with the study, and by sense of feeling pinned the paaer carefully around his large pipe, which lay in its usual place on the table. For William Douglas always began smoking as soon as he rose, in this way nullifying, as it were, the fresh vivifying effect of the morning., which smote painfully upon his eyes and mind alike; in the afternoon and evening he did not smoke so steadily,, the falling shadoes supplying of themselves thie atmosphere ihe loved. Baving accomplished her little manoeuvre, Tita went back up stairs to her own room like a small white ghost, and foill asleep with the satisfaction of a successful diplomatist. : In the mean time Anne was brush ing her brown hair, and thoughtfully going over in her own mind the mor row's dinner. Her room was a bare and comfortless place; therq was but a'small fire on the hearth, and no cur tains over the windows; it took so mnuch care and wood to keep the children's rooms warm that she neglected her own, and as for the fur niture, she had removed it piece. by piece, exchanging it for broken- backed worn.out articles from all parts of the house. One leg of the bedstead was gone, and its place supplied by a box which the old-fashioned valance only half concealed; the looking-glass was cracked, and distorted her image ; the chairs were in hospital and out of ser vice, the young mistress respecting their InJuries, and using as her own seat an old wooden stool which stood near the hearth. Upon this she was now seated, the rippling waves of her thick hair flowing over her shoul-lers. Having at hlast faithfully rehearsed the Christmas dinner in all its points, she drew a long breath of relief, rose, extinguished her light, and going over to the window, stod there for a moment looking out, "The moonlight camine gleaming in and touched her with ~silver, her pure youthful face and girlish form draped in white. " May GOo. bless my dear father," SshIe prayed, silently, lookiig up to the thick studded stars; " and my dear another too, wherever she is to-night, in one of those far bright worlds, per-. haps." It will be seen from this prayer that the boundaries of .nne Douglas's faith were wide enough to include even the unknown. CHAPTER II. " Heap on moreswood I the wind in clill But let it whistle as it will, We'll keep our ,Christmas merry still. The damsel donned her kirtle sheen; The hall she dressed with holly green ; Forth to the wood did meery-men go, To gather in the mistletoe." \--PALTER SCOTT; : An island always pleases my imaginat ion, even the smallest as a small continent and integral portion of the globe. I have a fancy for building my huton one. Even a bare grassy isle which I can see entirely over at a. glnnce, has some undefined and mysteri ous charm for me." -THOREAU. " CAN you make out what the child means ?" said Douglas, as his eldest daughter entered the study early on Christmas morn'ng to renew the fire and set the apartment in order for the ddy. As he spoke he hold Tita's epistle [hopelessly before him, and scanned the zig-zag lines. " She wants some ribbons for her hair," said Anne, making out the words over his shoulder. " Poot lit tle thing ! she is so proud of her hair, and all the other girls have bright ribbons. But I can not make ribbons," she added, regretfully, as though she found herself wanting in a needful ac complishment. "'.Think of her faith in Santa Klaus, old as she is, and her writing to ask him! But there is ribbon in the house, after all," she added, suddenly, her face brightening. " Miss Lois gave me some last-month; I had forgotten it. That will be the very thing for Tita; she has not even seen it." (But has she not, thou unsuspicious elder sister ?) " Do not rob yourself, child," said the father, wearily ýcasting his eyes over the slip of paper again. " What spelling ! The English is bad, but the French worse." "That is because she has no French teacher, papa; you know I do not al low her to speak with the island patois, lest it should corrupt the little she knows." "But she does speak it; she always talks patois when she. is alone with me." " Does she ?" said Anne, in as tonishment. "I had no idea of that. But you might correct her, papa." "I can never correct her in any way replied, Douglas, gloomily ;" and then Anne, seeing that he was on the threshold of one ot his dark moods, lighted his pipe, stirred the fire into a cheery blaze, and nent out to get a cup of coffee for him. For the Irish soldier's wife was already at work in the kitchen, having been to mass in the cold gray dawn, down on her two knees on the hard floor, repentant for all: her sins, Tand refulgently content in the absolution which wiped out the old score (and left place for a new one). After taking in the coffee, Anne ran up to her own room, brought down the ribbon, and placed it in Tita's stocking; she then made up the fire with light-wood, and set about decorating the walls with wreaths of evergreen as the patter of the little boys' feet was heard on the old stair way. The breakfast table was noisy that morning. Tita had inspected her ribbons demurely, and wondered how Santa Klaus know. her favorite colors so well. Anne glanced ,toward her father, and smiled; but the father's face showed Idoubt, and did not re spond. While they were still at the table the door opened, and a tall figure'entered muffled in furs. " Miss Lois !" cried the boys. " Hurrah! See our presents, Miss Lois." They danced around liher while shie removed her wrappings, *and kept up such a noise that no one could speak. Miss Lois, viewed with her cloak and hood, was a tall angular woman. past mid dle age, with sharp features, thin brown hair tinged with gray, and pale blue eyes shielded by spectacles. She kissed Anne first with evident affec tion, and afterward the children with business-like promptitude; then she shook hands with William Douglas. "I wish you a happy Christmas, doctor," she said. "Thank you, Lois," sai3 Douglas, holding her hand in his an instant or two longer than usual. (To be continued.) 