NEW ENGLAND (from the Uralla and Walcha Times, November 14.) Perhaps the most severe electric storm that has visited the Uralla district for many years took place on Thursday afternoon last, and continued with little intermission throughout that night. The claps of thunder were almost incessant and deafening, whilst the flashes of fork and chain lightning lit up the whole heavens, and made many nervous people believe that their fate was sealed. One thunderclap in particular made strong buildings quiver again, and the instantaneous electric flash seemed to en« velope the town. The rain descended in torrents, and continued pretty well all night, During the height of the storm, a wooden tenement in King-street occu- pied by Mrs, Doolan, was struck by lightning, and a portion of the framework shattered. The family, who were in another part of the house, had a narrow escape, and were much frightened. A fowl that had taken shelter near the spot waa killed. In the same storm, Mrs. Bullen, of the Northern Road, had 13 sheep killed by lightning, tbe animals having sought shelter near a tree, which was shattered. The light ning seems to have been peculiarly dangerous on the Northern Road, as two or three members of Mr. F. Jackes's family had a narrow escape from the elec- tric field -L " NBW LAUFS FOB OLD ONES 1 I" (vide Aladdin and Judson.)-Re-dye everything with Judson's Dyes. Re-gild your picture frames with Judson's Gold Paint. Re- black your fenders, stoves, &c.;' with Judson's Artists' Black, Sold by Chemists, Stationers, and Storekeepers everywhere. 2206 GHOBTS.-An attempt is being made in the old country to revive the belief in visitants from another world, and many are the wonderful stories that fill some of the journals. The sceptical mind Is, how- ever, Inclined to adopt Scrooge's remark to Marley'a ghost: "How do I know that you are not a bit of undigested bread P* for, of all the ghost producers, a bit of "heavy' bread is the most potent. Iii»a wonder, therefore, that people do not adopt the surest spell against ghosts by using Borwick's Gold Medal Baking Powder in making bread; for, although it won't " raise ghosts," it will raise bread in the most admirable feshion. Every wise store- keeper has it by him, and every good housewife buys it.r A CLBVBE ABBBST.-TO arrest decomposition in Milk, Butter, Meat, Fish, Poultry, Ac, Ac, use " Glaoialiae, which will keep them perfectly sweet for days or even weeks in the hottest weather. " GIacialine''is perfectly harmless. Sold by chemists, grocerB, and storekeepers. Wholesale Agents for New South Wales, Messrs. ELLIOTT IBBOS, Sydney, DBW or THB Aras.-The very nana of this cele- brated Bwles tonic is .appetizing, and its beneficial effects as arejioratlve and invigorant, an antidote to miasma, a remedy for general weakness and ner- vousness, a means of averting the diseases incident to hot climates, and a specific for dyspepsia, are beyond all question, These are good reasons why we .should congratulate our readers on the introduction of the oldest, Mid moBt famous, and certainly the most palatable, of all European cordials into this far- away corner of the globe The only agents of the proprietor in Australia are Messrs. M. Moss and Co., and to that enterprising firm we owe ita importation into Australia. It is already a favourite with every class and calling among us, and may be regarded henceforward as a staple article. 643 CONSUMBBS OF WOLF&'S CBLBBBATBD SCHNAPPS, especially those who take it medicinally, should pur- chase it only by the bottle, and thus ensure obtain- ing the genuine article, there being a fraudulent imitation in the market, Large and small bottles are obtainable at every respectable Hotel in the colonies, and the name of M. Moss and Co. ia on the top label of the yellow wrapper. None else is genuine. Under certain circumstances it makes a man fee mean to have people give him a wide berth, bu somehow it never does when ho is travelling on a steamboat. 