ftiimg of mvas. More Good Fleeces. — Messrs. W. and J. Moodie write:— "Wc send yon the wrights of some of the fleeces merino stnd sheep, aa we see yon takean interest in such things, and hope next year we shall not be torown out of competing at TT«m;itn ekntr as we were this year. air. Duncan Johnson exhibited hiB ram there, hut we could have more conscientiously , shown oura. It wants some equitable arrange ment to suit all the shows in the district. Weight of fleeces Wando Dale Btud, 2-tooth ram purchased from Mr. J. S. Falkmer, of Boonake station, New South Wales, cut 15Ibs. 6oz-, 52 ewes from 2-tooth to full- mouth picked, to put with above ram aver aged 7lbs. 5o t, very light in grease ; 3 Wando Dale bred 2-tooth rams cnt lOlbs. 6ozs., lOlbs. 2ozs.,anaaios.MiBs. that won Turner and Sons cup for this year at recent Coleraine show cut 91bs. 12ozs. llibs. lOoz., lOlbs. 4ozs., lOlbs. lOuzs., and lllbs. Sozs., while 17 of the stud rams cnt 1871bs. loz. Three ewes exhibited at Coleraine cat 91bs. 14ozs., 91be. 6on>, and Slbs. 14ozs." The Halt Holiday Demonstration. After a somewhat long interval of fine weather, rain fell during Thursday morning, and the Employe's Union wisely decided npon postponing the intended demonstration for a week. The weather cleared np daring the afternoon, but the ground was so wet under foot that had the sports been proceeded with, few persons would have" cared about tramping through the sludge np to the Friendly Societies' reserve, and fewer still would again have rnn the risk of irretrievably raining their expensive fancy costumes, without which the procession would scarcely have been worth looking at By the bye, it was reported that had the programme been carried out, the volunteer firemen intended to appear on horseback in the procession.: The truth of this report could ecarcely be credited, the firemen might as well become horse marines at once. Bicycles would be better than horses, as those vehicles could be relied npon to stand fire and water, which horses could not The Amending Local Government Bill. — We learn, npon good authority, that it is not probable the Amending Local Gov- ernment Bui will be dealt with by the Legislative Assembly this session, bnt with the Postal Amendment Bill, also introduced by the Legislative Council, will be included in " the slaughter of the innocents," which always, now-a- days, precedes a prorogation. The Alleged Criminal Assault. — John Ferguson, 19 years of age, waa brought np at the Polioe Court on Thursday, before Mr. Orme, P.M., on a charge of criminally assaulting a girl named Agnes Muggins, at Louth Station, near Macarthnr, on the 20th September last. The police applied for a remand for 8 days to enable the case to be prepared, and Mr. Samuel who appeared for the prisoner, consenting, the application was granted. Bail was fixed, the accused in his own recognizance oi £500, and two sureties of £250 each. The Mechanics' Institute. — Fol- lowing the excellent example set by Mr Albert Riley, who recently left the town to reside in Geelong, Mr. Robert Giles yester day evening presented the committee of the Institute with a very handsome oleograph for the purpose of embellishing the waUs of the new card-room.- The picture, which is entitled La Dtcouverte, is very happily con ceive! and extremely well executed. The committee will thankfully receive similar donations from persons interested in the welfare of the Institute. Primitive Methodist Church. — The anniversary of this church will be cele brated to-morrow, when sermonB will be preached by the Revs. £. Henderson and C. H. Ingamells. The customary tea andpublic meeting takes place in the Masonic Hall on Thursday, the 11th inst., and as tins date will clash with the concert announced to be held by the Half-holiday Union, we are re quested to state that the arrangements for holding the anniversary were made some weeks ago, just arter tne employes nan settled on the 4th Oct. as the day for repeat ing their demonstration. Mr. Bolam. — The Herald Btates that " the qnestion of the retention of Mr. Bolam as Inspector-General of Schools may be said to have ended. Mr. Bolam had an interview with the Minister of Education this mornin?, which resulted in a perfect understanding being arrived at that Mr. Bolam will not again resume duty as In spector-General. For the present he will remain on leave, and pending arrangements for his final retirement, no appointment of a successor will be made. The Government fully recognise that Mr. Bolam 's services, extending over a period of fifteen years, entitle him to consideration, and if some suitable post in the public service can be found wherein the necessity of setting a high example of propriety and decorum is less imperative, it will be offered to him." Whist. — At the eleventh hoar on Thursday a letter was received from Pens- burst stating that only six players, instead of eight, as pre vionsly agreed upon, would be prepared to represent Peushurst in the re turn whist match that evening. This created considerable disappointment, all the neces sary arrangements having been completed for the full team to proceed to Peushurst, and, to meet the altered circumstances of the case, Messrs. D. M'Lellan and Rippon stood ont, every one of the eight offering to do so. To the surprise of the six who went, right Penshurst players put in an appearance, two of them not having been expected to re turn from the Kangatong sale in time, and had to look on. As on the first occasion, so on this, luck favoured the villagers, the cards held by Messrs. Kanfmann and Garden es pecially being something extraordinary, they, on one occasion, holding twelve crumps, messrs. King ana J. Wiggins, un doubtedly two of the best players in the Western district, never had the ghost of a show against them, and the result was— Messrs. Kaufmann and Garden, P, 71 ; Messrs. King and Wiggins, H, 33. Whilst this game was going on Messrs. Bloomfirid and Walter, H, were fighting an upbill game with Br. Dickinson and Mr. Howrils, P, the latter scoring twenty points in four suc cessive hands, five points each time. The two Hamiltoni&ns;, however, managed to win by 71 to 68. The other parti was composed as under, viz., Messrs. Craig and Healea, H, and Messrs. Ritchie and Timoh, P. In this the representatives of Hamilton had all the best of it, and won by 71 to 39. Thus Pens- hurefc won by the narrow majority of 3 points. When there . was some doubt about two of the Penshurst men being twable to attend, arrangements should have been -made to secure the attendance of two more from Bonkeld, if there were no more to be fonnd in Penshurst, as, by allowing Mr. Kaufmann to play for Penshurst, the flam- iltonians bad shown they were prepared to meet a combined team. Baring the evening a really excellent supper was provided by Host Frewer. Funeral Reforms. — The late Dr. Charles Henry Hardy was evidently a sensible man, and probably so good a Christian that be considered his relations ought to rejoice, not mourn, on account of Ids baring been summoned to " a better land." Hia will was proved on tbe 4th inst. for £13.250, and con tained the lollowing passage: — "I direct that my funeral be conducted at tbe least possible expense, and that there shall be no plnmes. I request that my wife and sons shall wear for me only the least possible mourning, and shall not wear crape ; and if I "shall die in the summer that hat-hands shall be all tbe mourning worn, and that my wife shall not wear a black bonnet" It is to be hoped that the time is not far distant when all mourning tor a deceased relative will be. dispensed with unless he happens to havebeenso'very -bad a character that little hope need be entertained of bis having made a change for the better. Expensive funerals are simply relics of barbarism, many a poor fondly have been rendered destitute Ire endeavouring to give a dead father "a res pectable funeral," and the sooner more enlightened views are entertained by all classes on this subject, the better. - The Koolomurt Stud Flocks.— In commenting upon tbe wonderfully- fine ram exhibited by Mr. Willis , of Koolomnrt, at Coleraine, one of the finest rams that ex perienced judge, Mr. Dowling, eeid be had seen ' for many along day," wc regretted we were enable to fnmishite pedigree. This .'has been kindly -supplied by Mr. Willi, whose histprioal sketch of the Koolomnrt stud flocke, published in another oolumn, Willbe teaA W wUhheepbreederi with no , emaU wuraot of intaMt. . Tut Weather. — After a week or eo of almost unseasonably hot weather which was too rapidly drying np the country, a very welcome rain fell on Thursday and Friday. A week of such weather would do an immense amount of good. Volunteer Fire Brigade — - A cheque for three guineas has been received In aid of the brigade, from tbe London, Liverpool and Globe Insurance Company, being the annual subscription of that' Com- pany. Stock and Stations. — Messra W. R. Looker and Sons report having sold (m conjunction with Mr. J. B. Patterson) on account of Mr. George Ranisden, his Home- park estate, near Berwick, consisting of 193 aflras, with . improvements, &c;>, thereon, for the enm of £6000. FnnTRAT.r. — The Geelooff is (accord- ing to the sporting papers) again the cham pion club of the season, having played 21 matches, won 15, lost 3, drawn 3. Goals kicked 97, lost 57. South Melbourne is next with 25 matches played, won 18, lost 4, drawn 3. Goals kicked 104, lost 56. Carlton is third, Essendon fourth, Melbourne fifth, and Kotham sixth. Died Intestate. — In the Equity Court on the 5th inst., Mr. Justice Moles- wortb granted administration to the estate of Mary Louisa Harding of Geelong, wife of Silas Harding, of the same place, gentle man. Mrs. Harding died on June 25th, 1882, intestate, leaving properly to the value of £7010. Her next of kin, besides her widower, are William Stephens Howell, of Strath bogie, grazier, and Richard Howell, of Dnnkeld, grazier. Principal Winners. — The Austral asian publishes a list of the principal win ners during the racing season of 1882-3. One hundred and seventeen names are given, Mr. E. de Mestre, N.S.W., coming first with £5718; Hon. W. Pearson second with £4004; and Mr. W. Branch next, with £3689, independent of the Caulfield Cup, valued at 200 guineas. Our local trainer, Mr. T. Ferguson, IB forty -seventh with £461 ; Mr. J. Whitehead fifty-third with £420, and Mr. T. Cawker rixty -sixth with £340. The veteran, Mr. John Tait, who formerly used to carry everything before him, occupies a very low position on the list, 108th, with rnnt A UnnMku. +Iia ennnnnni mm ftf AIWJJUVIIVI — - £82,294 was won in stakes by the owners of horses mentioned in the list, in addition to trophies valued at a little over £600. Meat Export. — The Argm says : — The Australian Frozen Meat Export Com pany, we learn, have now completed their freight contract with the Orient line of steamers for two years, and have resumed operations at their new works near Williams- town. Yesterday the loading of the s.s. " Garonne " was completed, being the first shipment under the new freight contract. These steamers come alongside the railway pier at Williamstown to receive the com pany's cargo, which is run down to the pier in refrigerating oars from the company's works adjoining, and then passed from the car direct into the refrigerating chamber of the vessel. This is a great improvement on previons methods, the loading being done much more expeditiously than when lighters were used. Tbe " Garonne's " cargo con sists of 3,650 carcases of sheep, which ave raged 69 lbs, and when shipped presented a beautifully dry appearance. We learn from Mr. Hotson that the next steamer to sail, six weeks hence, will take 7000 carcases. Thursday's Entertainment. -Under auspices of the Half-holiday Union, a most successful entertainment was held in the Town Hall on Thursday evening, and to ' judge from the large attendance, the two worthy objects for which the performance was given, viz., tbe Fire Brigade Fond and the Half Holiday Movement, must have been substantially benefited. The programme was commenced by an Overture by Austin's Band, winch was rendered in good style, though the effect of ten instruments, chiefly brass, was rather overpowering in a room, and more attention to the piano passages would have been an improvement. Mr. Bertie Horwitz in the comic song, " Duffy Due cuuuemau was uapiuu, IUIU. ICGCIVCU <m enthusiastic encore. Mr. H. Destree followed with the " Gallants of England" given in a manner which provoked much, applause, the singer having to repeat tbe last verse. Messrs. Mead Navean, and Knight also con tributed songs, comic and sentimental, and their efforts were much, appreci ated. After the interval an exhi bition of Gymnastics was given by Messrs. Hamilton, Bnnnon Wilson and Clark who exccnted some really difficult feats on the horizontal bar, in a way which showed an amount of strength and skill hardly to be looked for in amateurs. In tbe second portion of the entertainment the moat notable features were the song in character by Mr. H. M 'Donald " Alone in the World," which was capitally rendered, and loudly en cored; and tbe second appearance of Mr. B. Horwitz, who fairly brought down the house with his comic song " Schnieder's Party," and who had of course, to give his audience a repetition. The entertainment was brought to a close with an operatic performance of the popular " nigger" type, the principal cha racters being sustained by Messrs, Lowe M'Donald, Rutherford, and Destree, who acted their parts with all the energy that the bustling character of the piece required. The choruses were very well rendered and the piece generally passed off well. Messrs. Cooke and Pascoe were the accompanyists performing their part in their usual excellent manner, and contributing greatly towards the success of the evening. During the inter val Mr. B. Horwitz came before the curtain, and thanked the audience on behalf of the members of tbe Union for their liberal at tendance. They regretted having had to disappoint so many by tbe postponement of the sports &c.;, but had they known the weather would improve as it had, they would have carried out tbe programme for the afternoon. He announced that the De- monstration was fixed for Thursday next, and that another concert would be given in the evening. Dentistry. — Mr. Thwaites, Surgeon Dentist Koroit- street, Warrnambool, will visit Hamilton Mills's Hotel, October 6th 7th and 8th ; Casterton Bart's Hotel, 9th and 10th ; Merino, Mackwood's Hotel, 11th ; Coleraine Wells Hotel 12th ; Hamilton (return), 13th ; Portland Mac's Hotel, 14th, 15th 16th and I7th October. — ( Adyt. ) 