CONSECRATION OF ST. JAMES' CHURCH, DRYSDAliE. Tlio Bishop of Melbourno arrived at Drysdalo on Tuesday last for the purpose of consecrating the Church of England in that township. Tho building is a small but pretty Gothic erection, the foundation stone of which was laid in 1871 by tho late Bishop of Melbourne, Dr. Perry. Tho church was opened for service in 1872, having cost, with its interior fit tings, about £1200, Mr A. M'Williams, an enthusiast in church building, having been tho honorary architect. The conse cration was delayed for various reasons, principally from tho want of a separate place in which to hold meetings of a semi-secular character, but with the erec tion of tho neighboring scliool-liouse and completion of the interior it was felt that the time had come for the absolute dedication of the structure to the sole purpose of holding religious services. Although tho evening threatened a heavy storm—which, indeed, fell during the service—thero was a crowded congrega tion, which filled every part of the building. Tho Bishop was accompanied by his chaplain, tho Rev. Canon Good man, and tho Revs. Canon Chalmers and G. N. Bishop, Mr A. S. Park taking the duties of registrar. The Bishop, with his chaplain, was met at tho door by the trustees, who handed him a petition praying for consecration, which was road aloud by tho registrar. A procession of tho clergy then passed down the aisle, chanting Psalm xxiv. The prayers of consecration having been read by the Bishop, the sentence was signed and read. Evening servico was then read by the Rev. G. 17. Bishop, the Revs. Canons Goodman and Chalmers reading the lessons. Tho authem," 0 Lord, my God," was sung by a strong choir. The Bishop took his text from Acts II, 33—" There fore, being by the right hand of God exalted, and having received of the Father the promise of the Holy Ghost, he hath shed forth this which ye now see and hear." Ho said the disciples could havo no conception of what tho Holy Ghost was whose coming had been promised, or what would bo the effect of His com ing. Yet thero attitude was that of expectant waiting. Ho thought that more of tho same spirit might bo shown in these days. Ho had no sympathy with those fearful people who wore for ever dreading that this attack or tho other would over throw the church. Christianity was not like Jonah's gourd to wither in a night, but a mighty oak planted by God, and destined by Him to endure through storm and drought, through winter and heat to tho end. They must not expect that Christianity would result in uniformity. The life in Christ resulted not in uniformity, but in diversity. As well might they expect otherwise as that tho trees of tho wood full of diversity, of marvellous, contrasts, and unseen harmo- j nies would grow alike. They must ex- | pect not uniformity, but unity. And, this being so, they must regard tho divergencies of christians with tolerance and brotherly charity. In tho life of Christ they saw the perfection of human nature. Those attributes, or rather aspects of humanity, which won our respect, had been separated by sex and race. "When we look for cour age, firmness, power of will, seek them in the male. When we seek for gentleness, patience, we turn to the female. It was among tho Egyptians we look for those early concep tions of size and form which caused them to raiso those mighty monuments which cumber the desert. We turn to tho Assy rians for the realisation of power, which they translated into those human-headed winged bulls, with their mighty muscles, graven on tho walls of their ruined i palaces. Among the Greeks we find cul ture, while we turn to tho Romans for I our ideas of law and government. But all tho best aspects of humanity meet in the ideal perfection of tho Saviour. Pre- j sent Him to the cultured Englishman, and ho will see the highest example of a | life ; present Him to tho Fijian, and that I life would lift him out of barbarism. ' Why did He thus realise to so many difl'e- i rent minds the perfection of human na ture? ThereplywasthatHopoured through the gift of His Spirit, new powers and capacities, as the tree poured its sap into tho branches, as the head guided and restrained the members. If they wanted this new life, they must get it alone from Jesus. He knew that some differed from him. They spoke of Socrates, Marcus Aurelius, and Epictetus, and asked could, and did not, these realise and strive after a puro and perfect life ? Ho knew all this, and admitted that I some few, oven among pagans, could at least approach the light. But the Christian alone realised moral perfection. Some would object, and say—" If I find j it hard to believe tho resurrection of tho Lord, and more, still, that He is actually I present, may I not yet admire and strive to be like Him without these mys tical communications Well, he asked | such, what was a train for ? Did they think, when they saw it speeding along I at the rate of thirty miles an hour, that | that speed could be achieved without rails and engine. It would be idle to expect it. So too there could be no absoluto purity without Christ. Why not ? Be- j cause of the impotency of an evil nature. Dogma again, it would be said ; but it was not dogma, it was experience. They | are all conscious of a moral perversity, a mis-harmony. It was a phenomena. Sin must bo either of tivo things : either it is ] essential or an inherited accident. Would they dare say it was essential ? Would they write over the gates of life what Dante wrote over his Inferno, " Abandon hope all yo that enter here." No, it j must be a birth disease, and curable if only we get the new birth. It was the mission of tho Church to proclaim this. Why did they build theso temples unless I they believed in verity that wliero two or three mot togothcr the ascended He-1 deemer would bo present in the midst. Let them plead and pray in this building for a large accession of this Spirit, to lead them into tho higher lifo. 