CHAPTER VIII,--THB OAKHURST INVALID. I He had never boen robust, and the life of a I country doctor, which tries eren the strong until well seasoned by time and use, had evidently se- verely tried St. Claire. As the summer waned and the clinging chills of autumn came on, he drooped like a plant of which the roots have been cut beneath the soil. All could see ; that he suf- fered, but no one knew what ailed him; and when asked what was amiss, he invariably answered, " Nothing;," and smiled as if his disclaimer carried conviction in its echo. "The kind of thing that women love," for ; strength he had sweetness, for fibre grace, for stoicism patience, for courage sensibility, and for the dissimilarity of sex that likeness of morale which made women call him " so pure," and love. him because he was " so sweet." ' They recognised in him a man after their own ideal, one who united the mysterious charm of both sexes, but in whom the moral preponder- . ance was given to their own. Loving him per- sonally as a man, in spiritual camaraderie, he was to them as ono of themselves. And their esti- mate was just. Like a woman he made Love the end all and be all of life, and held ambition itself as merely love's Btrongbacked servitor. And like a woman he suffered in silence, and the very quiescence of forlornness, when his dream faded into thin air and the fragrance of his hope burnt down into tho dull ashes of despair.. He sought ne relief fron the sorrow that possessed him, as another man might, in the lurid pleasures of dissipation, or the tougher struggle of ambi- tion. He neither drank nor gamed, nor yet read hard, nor wrote with purpose, and the girlhood of Oakhurst found him as impartially indifferent as he had been from the beginning. He simply suffered with the sad patience of his kind, calling , to his aid his one great moral power of endurance, . and taking no ono into his confidence, how much soever his heart was wrung and his spirit yearned for sympathy. :;i ". ??: 'Every one of course noticed his sudden failure in health, and every one "was talking of. it. He was sópale, so dispirited, so silent,..so changed altogether from what he had been (and he: had never been either specially florid or. specially vi- vacious) that no one could be blind,' to. the fact. Though "only one had the right key to. the mys- tery, all had their favourite .theories which were,'., aired whenever two camo.together to " talk things , over," and the young doctor's evident ill- health ! was one of the topics talked of before they parted. Once somo bold spirit suggested that he was ; in love ; it was Misa Maria Crosby who set this little snowball rolling ; but Mr. Chesson, the retired cheesemonger, and a man of a goodly presence; Captain Farley, the weather- beaten old salt, late of the Merchant Service;, and even Mr. Langhorne, the hard-featured lawyer who had a will of his own, and the way of getting that will of all his clients ; they, and their marriage- able daughters, laughed the idea to scorn. " Love!" they said, with the disdain of men who knew the right side of leather and the colour, of skim-milk; "do you think such a poor crea- ture as that can loveP Lord bless you, he knows no more of love than a broomstick I". And tho judgment passed current with the ma- jority. A3 the young doctor had not chosen a wife from among the blooming maidenhood of Oakhurst, he had proved incontestably that he could not love.. Monica Barrington, too, had faded and become delicate almost, to sickliness. ........ " Lord !" said the people, with their noses in . the air i " how. much she has aged, and how awfully shs has gone off!" ; . So she had j and yet her, face had taken on itself a new kind of beauty in exchange for that , which it had lost, and the spoiled complexion was redeemed by the greater lustre of the eyes and i the sweet sadness of the mouth. Her motlier, . however, only Baw the pallor and the fragility of form-the almost attenuation of her figure,, the , almost transparency of her hands; and more , than once wanted to send for Dr. Williamson, ?-. \ " " . '?? » from Bfcsi»«3,,or eye» Dr, gt, Claire,il Monica (bought she could trust him j or, would «he like to ge up to Louden and consult sème man of Bama and eminence ? It was evident that some- thing was not right with her, and she ought to have a doctor to learn what it was. But Monica always so strenuously opposed one and all of these proposals that Mrs. Barringun had not the heart to coerce her against her will, even for her own good. This kind of contest may often he seen between mother and daughter, where the girl is all obedi- ence and prévoyance, all self-sacrifice and devo- tion, both in the small things of daily ordering, and the larger ones of life ; but when a collision of wills does come between them, then it is the mother who yields and the daughter who tri- umphs. As now ; when, in spite of all that Mrs. Barrington could say Monica obstinately refused to submit her casa to Dr. Williamson, Dr. St. Claire, or the eminent, expert in London. So the two poor pallid, sad-eyed, and sore-hearted ¿oung people looked at each other across the impassable gulf of circumstance, like ghosts doomed to wan- der on either side that fatal river, over whioh no bark plies, separated for all eteraity, and look- ing, longing, sighing in vain. The run-down condition of, Dr. St. Claire had also another inconvenience ; the neighbourhood did not like it. Sick people prefer a doctor who has tone and vigour to one who is as pallid as themselves, and as limp. It does them good, on the magnetic principle, to have a large volume ot lite bursting like sunlight into their sick cham- bers, so long as that volume is not noisy, that sunlight more revivifying than irritating. Be . Bides, the strong have most compassion. The weak are too much occupied with their own mise- ries to give substantial sympathy to others. Wherefore, a doctor in delicate health is a mis- take 5 " Physician, heal thyself," is a sarcasm which vitiates every prescription and nullifies all the good of regimen. Thus everything languished in poor St.Claire 'B garden of life at this moment, from his enfeebled health |to his diminished practice, from his bro- ken heart to his tottering fortuno. His position was becoming untenable, and the strain was almost beyond his strength to bear. It became a matter of anxious thought with him, whether he should make one bold effort, sell the good-willoi his practice for what it would bring and throw himself on the 3ea of chance ; or whether he should still stay on here and do his best to con- quer the love which was going near to kill him. He Swould have prescribed flight and change to any one else, but had he the courage to adopt for himself the heroic remedy he would have urged on another ? Could he thus give the final death- blow to that faint little hope, that melancholy pleasure of looking across the impassable gulf, Which lingers like a wintry flower deep in the heart of leve, even when apparently all is wasto and desolation ? Could he ? It would be wise but waa it possible ? He was thinking1 all this one day, and he had not come to a settlement of his difficulty, when he reached Misa Maria Crosby's door, and went up the Btairs to give the daily attendance for which Bhe paid as she paid for so much milk and bread in the day's dietary-so much floss-silk and so many flowers in the day's enjoyments. "You are late to-day, doctor !" she said, with a certain fond reproach as he came into the room. She was old enough to be tho young fellow's mother j but that did not coun?<. The mingling of the maternal instinct with the amatory, makes a rich kind of emotional compound that has its charm j and elderly women inlove with comparative boys are|notoriously blind to the ridicule of their position. " I have been busy," he Baid, taking his accus- tomed seat by the couch, and beginning his daily catechism. Against his own will he spoke coldly, almost contemptuously. Though bound by professional etiquette to undertake the care'of disease which did not exist, he was often impatient with this Bpecial corner of his scanty vineyard, this special slice; off his small loaf. To-day he was more im- patient than usual. Really ill for his own part, this travesty, of sickness put on for folly and idle- ness, for wantonness and vanity, disgusted him in more ways than one. And, his heart full of trouble for Monica and his hopeless love-his head on fire and his spirit passing through the Valley of the Skadow-the gestures and glances of this simpering old Amanda, this daughter of a bygone generation, who wanted to be his Shunamite as she had made him her Solomon, filled him with repulsion amounting to horror. Could he have rushed out of the room, as if some "laidly worm" had been lying on the couch instead of a .faded, waxen- skinned old maid, who had once boen pretty and who,would still have been charming had she not been silly, he would have gone. Yet in all the circumstances, such as they were, was it to be wondered at even if he, the gentle, mild, and graceful Dr. Armine St. Claire, were to-day less courteous than contemptuous, less complai- sant than repelling ? . Mis3 Maria Crosby had never had cause to think that the young doctor was made of more melting material, BO far as she was concerned, than the marble king in the " Arabian Nights" tales. But to-day he was more than usually rigid ; and even the .professional patience, which, was part of his necessary furniture, was of a very threadbare kind as he took his place by the couch/ and pur- sued through the vague that troop of ghosts which she called her symptoms, and which he knew to be only fancies. Poor Miss Maria ! After all she was only the whipping-boy for the occasion. It was not her folly so much as his own misfortunes which he chastised in her. This is the way of the world. That old gentleman tying his shoe ] how sho dd he'not be kicked when he lies obstructive toour way, and handy to our foot, SB wa are smarting with defeat, and rasped sore by provocation. (TO BB CONTINUED.) ?û0 bellea of the Piute tribes of Indians walk along: ïi - road traoks °f civilisation in Nevada and gather the black " dope " whioh drops from the axles TjP»BcaT- With this they Bmear their oheeks and arms and grow more beautiful» 