THE NEW HEBRIDES. LIFE ON TANNA. FHOM OCR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT "THE VAGABOND." PORT RESOLUTION, SEPT. 15. I shall always look back with pleasure to my last day spent on board the Caledonia previous .to casting myself ashore on the cannibal island of Tanpa. In my youth I re member, beinc hush edto. sleep with the lyric legend ,of ' Hokey Pokey Winky Warn " who preferred his potatoes cooked "with their jackets on,"' being the "King of the Cannibal Islands." The sequitur was never quite clear to me. However, to-morrow I am to be left for many days, it may be weeks, iamong people who are yet actively eaters of human flesh. And there is not one Hokey Pokey," but qne hundred. One chief I might conciliate, as the missionaries in Fiji did Thakambau, but who can say how many of the hundred and odd head men of Tanna may not cast hungry glances at my toothsome body, for I flatter myself I Bhould prove good eating. There is no mistake about these Tannese. All authority from the days of Captain Cook proves that they are the most intractable people in Western Polynesia, The Fijians were mildness itself compared to them. The great navigator had to overcome them with his cannon, and from the days of John Williams, in 1839, till 18G2, missionary after missionary had to "abandon the Geld" and flee for their lives, and white traders, who don't count foi much in history have been killed here by the score* ' It is Sunday, but, like King Rufus, who rode to his. fate in the New Forest, the na tives of Port Resolution hold " the day in scorn." The decks are crowded in the morn ing, although the tinkle of the churchbell has summoned to prayers these traffickers, whose only thought is to obtain tobacco and knives. Mare Sam, our second mate. however, put on his best clothes, and gone ashore to listen to or expound the gospeL He is reputed to be very powerful in prayer, although one of the crew of a labour vessel. But the firBt commander of the mission ship Dayspring was an old blockade-runner, and presumedly a sympathiser with Southern rights and institutions; and Dr. Murray, of " Carl" notoriety, I am assured by one who knew him well, was a religious fanatic, who prayed and preached with great enthusiasm, ashore and a float.and also on board the vessels he used in kidnapping. I early get an idea of the anything but guileless nature of the Tannaman by this traffic on board ship. The natives bring very skinny fowls, yams of a good size, and cabbages grown from seed brought from Queensland, for which they want "plenty tobacco" or knives, asking about ten times what they would get from the trader ashore. One venerable old man, so wise and benevolent-looking, but, oh ! so dirty, approaches me with a " mummy apple," and asks ten sticks of tobacco for it. when one stick should purchase five ! They get their match, however, in the Malabar cook. He beats the sellers down to the lowest market price; he is as mean a man at a trade as you would wish to meet with. Sometimes the natives will come aft and complain to the captain. He sends them back to the cook, who then offers half what he did before. No women, however, come on board here. Trade over, the visitors have a good feed of rice, remains of our " boys'" breakfast, and then they go all over the ship, except the cabin. They admire the Win chester repeating rifle, which accidentally has been left lying on the poop, and the initiated who have served in boats' crews explain to their companions the mysteries of the various ropes. Qne thing which first strikes me with these people is (hat their chests are con tracted, ana the youths and boys appear con sumptive. One very decent-looking man, who is a striking exception to the rest, in that he wears pants and a shirt, comes on board and wants to Bhip to Noumea. He and his wife have both served in Queensland. She is very sick now, and wishes to get away to where she can obtain better food. After a course of good living in the colonies, they can neither of them exiBt on the island diet of yam and taro. They would have been willing recruits to any labour vessel coming round. The man is engaged at the rate of £3 a month, and his wife given a passage to Nonmea, where she can obtain an easy situa tion. Firing is going on all the day long; as if from the outposts of two armies. A Tanna man believes in UBing his rifle. As in old days he would hurl his spear into the water or against a tree in pure lightness of heart, so now he shoots at tow! and fish or anything which he can kill. George, the mate, kills with the Winchester a very fine fish, some thing like a schnapper, which the cook makes into a bottillebaisse lor dinner, over which the captain and I air our knowledge of Thacke ray. He has been ashore in the afternoon, and returns with the advice that I must not sleep in the new grass hut, as the fresh broken ground is sure to breed miasma. I muBt sling my hammock in the store and make what shift I can. We talk together far into thenight, and at daylight in the morn ing I am landed, with many tins and bottles of "cotaforts,'' whichthe-captain persists in giving me from his stores. He laments ex ceedingly at leavingroehere. One last shake of the hand, and tne crippled soldier of the South-^moBt unselfish and courteous of hosts -rows-back to his-own vebael. The sails are spcead, the Caledonia glides out of the pass, and I am alone on Tanna, save for the com panionship of the young Norwegian trader, Gottfrey Kyhn, whose hut for many days will be my home. ' In honour of my visit, he hBS done all he can to make the inside pre-: sen table. Mats are laid on the floor of the centre room, and the races sacrificed to by new calico being placed on the rude home made table in lien of a cloth. Honest fellow, he does all he can to make inb comfortable. I Recognise this,1 and he shall not be the lOBer; but, oh! now often at night I look back with envy to those dayfc spent on the b&nks.of; Lake Manipori, with the pure air, healthy diet, and sound sleep on couches of manpka bush. . > ' Except when. I. am , electioneering round the islfmd. Ielpep here .ptnight in my hum mock, shrog acrpesthe central room-a'aQtt of l&rce; 09I1. There, is a door at each-end. Windows tbis repidence has none. All dw ' longthe&e; doors are 9pen, bat 8X0 closed sua. 'bolted at night. When the sun goes down abd the lamp, is-lighted, JL.will not sit open doors tt) be a mark , for any spiteful or sportitfe nfttive. After the shades1 of evening fftU lie ,hever g6es outside. By d^'teht jie does hW'fear'the natives. Theydare not attackhimthen.he saysj when he Qpula see, his foes, and his " boys" being about also act as a protection ; but at night it is a different thing. It is tbcn that the Tannian, like the Red Indian, waits for his white enemy. With the record of the past before him, K. is care ful. He never sleeps twice in the same spot, and has secret firing places from which he could repel an attack. Loaded arms are always by his side. I myself think that al though these precautions may serve against a solitary murderer like " Juno," yet if harm were meant to him by the majority, a fire stick thrown into the grass roof would drive K. out, an easy prey to the first rifle. Very cool and pleasant indeed is this thatch, but it has its disadvantages. By day there is a continual dropping of dust; at night there is a peculiar programme. We all retire to rest early. The rude table and form, the only articles of furniture excepting port manteau and Snider, are pushed out of the way. My hammock is slung. I look to my pistols, and then turn in. On one side K. Bleeps in the room which does duty as his store, lumbered up with "trade," tobacco, pipes, knives, beads, calico, a dangerous keg of powder in the corner, mixed up with pro visions for ourselves. On the other side is a room filled with cocoanuts, and somewhere coiled up amongst these sleeps the "Hag," as I call aged and unprepossessing Topay. The boys live in the Smoke-house outside. As I lie in my hammock previous to putting out the .light I am reminded of poor Nea Farmer's well-known ballad of "Little Jim " The cottage was a thatched one, The outside old and mean." But, alas! I cannot add with truth, " But everything within that house Was wondrous neat and clean." There is no collier's wife here to put things straight. I blow the light out and in a short time the fun commences. . The surf surging on the bar is but a lullaby to an old traveller. The growling of the terrier "Mac," who sleeps outBide the door, would not disturb me. Needless to say that he and I are the best of friends. But there are other strange sounds about I am just dozing when there comes a great rustling and quivering in the roof over head. Then the walls and floor seem alive, every movable thing in the store rattles. "The spirits are amongst us," some might say, ana it takes me a moment's consider ation to discover that rats are the cause. I strike a match suddenly. Up the walls they scamper ; they career over the rude rafters, and dive into holes in the thatch, as much at home above as on or under terra firma. It is there that they have their nests and lie quietly by day, but at night they hold high jinks; they come down to forage for meat and drink, or take moonlight promenades on the sands. One gets accustomed to the disturbance below, but it is overhead that they annoy me. After some study I conclude that the younger members of the various families stop at home above whilst their elders go out on business or pleasure. Then the juveniles have coursing meetings after cockroaches, handicap steeplechases over the rafters, they fight and make love, and all with 6uch a frou-frou of the leaves and grass of the thatch that awakes me a dozen times in the night with the idea that the roof is coming down. At first I think they were rather frightened of me, but now they stand on their hind legs near my hammock and attempt to jump up, and "make faces" at me from the walls. Once one bolder than the rest crept along the cord, or dropped from the roof, and I invoke with the tfneasy sensation that I v.;is hcinj examined by a snake. This, if in Australia, would be a fine place for such vermin ; but ti serpent has one great virtue, he is noiseless. Hats are one of the curses of Tanna. They are everywhere. There is abundant io->J for them. At this copra station the cocoa iiut.s are ready cracked for them to eat On the beach or in the bush you come on hundreds of " windfalls," young nuts. In each 01 ri.eiu is a small hole; a rat has gnawed this, drank the milk, and then ate the kernel. " Fellow Yassuk " is what the natives say as they give the hollow shells a kick with their heel. They do not trouble much about the loss by such vermin. Is not the food growing overhead sufficient, except in a bad hurricane season, for all? K. calculates that the rats eat about 10 of his cocoanuts a night. He has cats, four of them, but they are not a great deal of use. Fluent old Quiros wrote that when he landed on the island, which he named after the Holy Ghost, he found all the do mestic animals there. On Tanna, I am told, cats and dogs "no stop before white man he come." The former they call pussi, the latter colli, as in Fiji. Dogs are of value; a young pup will be worth a small pig in exchange. Returned labour boys try to smuggle terriers on board the ships which carry them home. They think as much of a new dog as of a new gun. It is one of the laws of human progress that man passes through three stages- the mere savage hunter, like the Australian blackfel low; the man of flocks and herds, as.the ancient shepherd kings; and then the agri culturist of our own era, who lives by the fruit of the soil. I have before suggested that the story of Cain and Abelmay bebut an allegory symbolising the conquest of the husbandman over the herdsman. Some eminent writer, whose thought I remember, though not his name has pointed out that as the hunter is j but a mere beast of prey, the herdsman must undergo a refining change of manner by the care which he has to exercise in rearing his flocks. This a poetic theory, though I do not know that it has exactly worked itself out in practice. However this may be, in the southern islands the native has jumped at once to the most advanced stage of human progress. He could not live by the chase, there is nothing on shore for him to hunt, end he cannot get one square meal a week ; from the sea. He could not become a herds man, for he had no flocks to tend nor plains : to pasture them on. So perforce he is an , agriculturist, cultivating the soil with as { much industry as himself and wives are capable of, and in the manner of it often equalling anything I have seen in the world. The time of the planting of the yam is a sacred season here-then man and woman must hold no communion together, the spirits which guard the mysteries of our great mother earth most be approached as reverently, as TJrim and Thummim; The jnen believe with Carlyle thfit work isk sacreid thing, so sacred, jnfact, thfty donot wish to! nia"ke it common, and Abstain from it altogether except on the .high occasions of seedtime and harvest. ( (J ; Having had no wild animals to chase, these inlanders became hunters ;of men. The killed ^nd ate each ;<^OT, .wtoch if - J ' custom is still in vogue. Having flocks totend thefow donatio ;anjun now bold are by. them nighly prized., is the most v$dned.pftheir possessions cbmes next. ^Etffw^Ujthe cajkjf /- s likes pork better than, wmir "~ s jyii 3ut-; by r&tj;^rteeiit" " ,ne fifty* for roast dog. Bnt the natives are in life kind to the few animals they possess. A woman carries a young pig like a child. Dogs are petted and cats are nursed. When K. bought the first kitten for the value of 10 cocoanuts there was great jealousy amongst Ills'" hands" as to who it should belong to. Place aux dames, so it was put down as belonging to the "Hag," who sleeps with it in her arms every night. Three other kittens have been bought and own to three of the " boys," who are as jealous of the'merits of the little animals as any mother could be of her babe. Say to "Jack," from Mallicolo, "That fellow pussi belong a y.ou no good ; fellowptwst be long a '-Santo' plenty good;" Santo will be jubilant, and Jack sulk for a day. They feed the kittens all day long, and at night these sleep on their mats. They are just Jike children in this respect; but the consequence is the cats are not worth a cent to catch rats, and that there is a nightly saturnalia over my bead. My host's " boys "-three from Mallicolo and one from Santo-are line fellows, willing and obliging, and doing jtheir work well in this the first of their three years term of servitude. They have not too much work to do, are well supplied with their native food of yam and taro, besides plentiful rations of rice, which cereal puts them in better train ing for any hard work, such as xowing. Working all day long amongst cocoanuts, they need never go hungry. They can never be thirsty, for there is a continuous supply of milk from the thousands of nuts they crack. The boys seldom drink anything else. Water they do not like, and the water here-un qualified-is not good. They have as much tobacco as they can smoke, and altogether their condition is one to be envied by many a European labourer. They are willing and obliging, as many islanders I have seen in Queensland, Fiji, and New Caledonia; yet on their native heath they would, perhaps if the fit seized them-very willingly take a white man's life. They are so easily governed and inlluenced by their surroundings. Still, I have as yet seen no reason to alter the opinion formed long Bince in the colonies, that resi dence there has a civilising effect on in dented labourers. I claim for my race that we are better than heathen cannibals, than even the majority of the slave-owners of the South were kind and humane, and that as sociation with white men must have some influence for the better on the Kanakas. Certainly, whilst doing their time it has a very great influence on them. That it is not ermanent when he returns home is because e cannot resist the public opinion of his family or clan. " Charlie," who was paid off here from the Caledonia, has good clothes, and went ashore in them ; the next day he ap peared in only a sulu, to-day he is nude after the manner of Tanna. But when I see the wretched hut in the missionary village where Charlie lives I am not surprised at the change. Yet Charlie has learnt this much, to speak English, to be decent and obliging to me, and to recognise my ways and habits. This is so much gained. Here is " George," also, who comes and Bits on the step as 1 am writing this. His face is adorned with black and yellow stripes, his hair is twisted, he carries a ride. He, too, comes from the mis sionary village, and these outward and visible signs of savage life remain with the dirty and wretched hovels in spite of 25 years of praying and preaching. Yet George, who has been to several of the Queensland nlant-a tions, is even more f»":r.1 u Cn <rii ?, and ready At vol^ntecrl. r-*in] jni. r,iou. His En^lWi U e.jual u. ami '' :cr, superior to thur many 3 ,U>. Ouni.; Hodge. /Die yoi:"j Norwr-jrian is u rnanwt to" Ins men, ai.J i ti-'l.iK figentrjil with -the natives here, although he dctbl* many of them. .T«t50. I believe, ;m dn*ade. To Lave a sewnioiii murderer living jt: you, and always at your sp'Vtss is not pleas^ai ; but Juno, us chief of the nearest village, assumes a sort of suzerainship or protection over the store. He loafs about all day long and begs tobacco. Godfrey Kyhn is not of the stuff of which Berserks are made, he is far too goodnatured. He is a handsome fellow, but there is little of the " Norse God" about him except his appetite and love for all women. We drink " Skoal!" together often, but he does not prove of the first force over the flowing bowl-square gin in this case. A young man of 25, sailor and first mate of a Norwegian ship, hurt on board his ship in Sydney four years ago, laid up in the hospital there for many weeks, drifted to New Caledonia, became mate «nd . recruiter of a labour vessel in the islands, and these last seven months a trader on Tanna. A simple enough history. A well bred youth, tenderly and religiously nurtured at his mother's knee. I scarcely thought to find a Bible and a Church Service in a copra maker's house, yet they are there by the trestle on which he sleeps. Often he talks of the old home in the valley near Christiana, of the merry .winter nights with dances at Country houses, and the long sleigh drives homewards. This young Norwegian lacks iniquity in dealing with the natives. I hope, for nis soul's Bake, that he will continue like this, and not let the lust of profit enter into his heart and lower the price of cocoanuts, whence will come dispntes and a bullet through his brain. The accursed spirit of trade changes men's natures so much, and there is a temptation, when savages are try ing to do you, to give them less than their due. Poor fellow, he has been lying for two hours prostrate with an attack of fever. The copra-trader's life, it will be seen, is not entirely a hajipy one. He suffers from disease, he lives in daily danger of death. There should be some inducement besides that of a free and easy existence away from the trammels of civilisation to tempt any 'decent young fellow to live alone here, where for weeks he may not see a white {ace.. The trade is a paying one, and asteadyman can save money. It is simple enough, too, " no previous knowledge of. the onsinesB re quired, " For 10 cocoatiuts you rivfe either a stick of tobacco value here threefarthings, or a clay pipe value here one halfpenny, or a box of matches the same, or a pipeful of paint value one-eighth of a penny, or a pipeful of beads-"value one halfpenny. A fathom of common culico, worth 5d., will bring 100 nuts. About 7.THM nuts will make a ton of copra, ?which will Cost in tobacco £2 2k, in pipes, matches, beadB, or calico, £18s.; tod in paint only Ta. But comparatively very ljttle paint bought. Tobacco, is the principal trade, and the averagecoet of theraw nuts im&y; ibe tdkfen at £2 per ton. The outside & iabouV In preparing copra is £16s. aton|Bo that the expense of production is £3 5s.a ton. lt is purchased hereby the New Hebri ' dis Company at £9 a ton. In Noum^a ^hen 3left copra was worth £18 2s. 6<jL, andgping up in the' market, so the company^ makes a ufgM&fe;*taldefcs at,very oufcudlfprice*. J§n!e boy can make I*, ton of bopra am6nth, 4ana the only trouble ia to obtainsufficientnuta. Sulphur is the only other Article of oommM»> here. v , .m 