B RE1TITIE S. R.M.S. City of New York .to arrive to-morrow. 'Frisco mail to bb delivered on Monday morning. The bachelors of JLevufca gave a grand ball on Sep. teuiber.2S. S.S. Orient arrived at Aden from Australia on October 16. Entries for the Krug Champagne Cup close on ICoveinber 5. . . Macdoniild Town — The 'Evening News' is sold by Mr. J. Yickery. , . A team of Tongau cricketers will shortly play & match at Levnka. S.S. Orient, from Sydney for London, arrived at Aden on October 10. Plenty of peel lying about tho streets. Why don't th« bobbies look after the peelers ? '.',_0(l bunches bananas and 6 i0 cases pines from Fiji yesterday morning by the s.s. Eockton. The Commissioner of Railways, Mr. Goodchap, has left Sydney on a well-deserved holiday. Schooner Winifred only obtained 13 Labourers after a 14 weeks' cruise in the New Hebrides. S.S. Mentnuir, Captain Ellis, since August 8, has visited 15 ports and voyaged 12,000 miles. Balmain Rowing Club races this afternoon. 'Alliance' band to play on White Horse Point. Entries for Double Say regatta finally close to night, at the International Hotel (Punch's Corner). Skiff races for prizes presented by Messrs. Eraser, Stewart, and Ainsworth, at Balmain, this afternoon. The props? ?d annexation of Fiji to Australia is received with marked satisfaction at Suva and Levuka. ' I aui trying to leave it off,' 6aid a mere lad, when on the IGtfi, at Newtown, he was fined 20s, costs 4b lOd, for obscene language. The man Coghlan who was severely injured a few days ago at the railway works at Eveleigh, died at Prince Alfred Hospital yesterday. A Bptcial race for dingies under canvas (canvas dingies excluded) not exceeding 14ft, has been added to the Double Bay Regatta programme. Don't ride on foothpaths ! James Croker, for that amusement in Camperdown, was fined by Mr. Clarke, S.M., on the 18th instant, 20s and 5s costs. The Santa and Solomon istptders had a battle royal between Qima Point and Nafova, Fiji, on September 23\. There was a woman at the bottom of it, and 26 were arrested, fined, and imprisoned. A daring robbery was committed at Mr. John Ben nie's house at Navua, Fiji, by Indian coolies. They obtained the key of the safe and abstracted .£60. Five of them have bacn arrested and committed for trial. To-morrow, Sunday evening, at the Gaiety Theatre, prior to the usual lecture by Mr. Charles Bright, an introductory addresB is to be given by Mrs. Br-'irbt. who makeB her first appearance on the public platform. The lecroiting season for Polynesian labour has been extended one m mth at Fiji, owing to the few labourcTrf that have been introduced this year, and at an excessive cost. His Excellency said that this would not be made a precedent, but for this year only. ' John Kelly, a youth of 17, was charged before Mr. Suchanan, ,at the Water police court yesterday with playing at that unlawful game known as pitch and toss. He was in custody and discharged by order of the court, but he will now be summoned in the ordi nary way. Another large audience assembled at Protestant Sail, last evening, and listened very attentively to Dr. Simms' entertaining lecture on forms and features. The next lecture will be deli vered on Monday even ing, the subjects being the chin, walking, hand shaking, laughing, and address on signs of human character. While Dr. Woodward was giving evidence before the Coroner's court yesterday, he referred to the operating room as the theatre, whereupon a highly intelligent juror said ' I can't see what the tbreatre has to do with this case. Let us get on to I operation.' The juror gave a sickly smile when the I matter was explained. I At Newtown, on the 18th instant, Mr. O'Malley Clarke, S.M., fined William Adams 20s or seven days for indecent exposure in Newman- street. Henry Woods, for being drunk and injuring Constable JFall's uniform in a struggle, .£3 or 21 days. James Monk, for coming drunk into court and being drunk at Ash field, Jc.2, costs 4e lOd. The deputation re the hospital which waited on the Colonial Secretary this morning, did not get much satisfaction. But the pnblic generally are likely to hear with pleasure that, the resolutions passed at a -one-sided meeting the other night, are likely to- have no effect whatever so- far as the intentions of the Government are concerned. Large fire at Narrabri yesterday. Four buildings, occupied by Messrs. J. Coleman, W . J. Foex, and B. Sweeting burned. Insured in Liverpool and London and City Mutual. The bed curtains in Mr. Cole nan's house' caught fire and ignited the other build ings. According to the 'Donedin Evening Star' of October 4, the bishops of New. South Wales and the priests of the diocese of Sydney requested Bishop Redwood, of Wellington, to allow himself to be nominated to the see rendered vacant by the death of tie late Archbishop Vaughan. Captain 1211is, of the steamship Menmnir, from Hongkong, reports that the scene of the late vol canic eruption in Sunda Straits is desolute and miserable beyond conception. The noise was heard at Saigon, 700 miles awav, and ashes fell at Singa pore, which is distant 400 miles. John Pagsley was fined at Newtown, on the IGth instant, 20s, costs 4s 10d, for furiously driving four horses attached to an omnibus, in King-street, New town. The same, for using obscene language in Newman-street, Newtown, had to pay £2, costs 7s, or 14 days. Pngsley wanted time for payment, which Mr. Clarke, S.M., would not grant. Only about 400 people attended the West Maitland flower Show yesterday in consequence of the driz zling showers which fell off and on during tho day. The exhibition of flowers, however, was the finest ever witnessed in the district. Tilting at the ring was carried on in connection with the show, and the prizes were won by Messrs. W. Logan, P. Marshall, and A. Lee. Mary King, a servant girl,twas charged yesterday at the Wator Police Court with stealing three dresses, one dress piece, a diamond ring, and other articles, value .£15, the property of Mr. E. B. Ascher. She was also charged with stealing two ?sight dresses, seven Bilvor spoons, - six silver forks, one silver jug, and other articles,, value .£25, the property of the same prosecutor. In addition, she was charged with stealing- 16 silver spoons, value £.1, the property of Miss M. A. Cowlishaw. After -some evidence had been taken the girl was remanded until Tuesday next. The complete destruction of ' the University of Indiana by lightning seems to have been entirely due to the fact that the electric fluid was guided in its course from room to room by the telephone wires, with which all American public buildings are so copiously supplied. If the lightning really passed from the lightning conductor to the telephone appa ratus, tho disaster ought to re-open the old discussion as to the danger to which we are exposed by that in -tricate network of wires which appears indispen sable to onr modern civilisation. The question of granting free passes to the selec tors' representatives who will attend the conference About to be held in Sydney to consider the new Land JSill, and to the members of the Victorian brigades -who will shortly visit this city, was brought before the Cabinet yesterday by the Hon. F. A. Wright, and granted in both cases. In the latter case the Cabinet -was influenced in its decision by the fact that the Victorian Government had conceded the same privi lege to the New South Wales firemen when they Tisited Melbourne on the occasion of a volunteer de monstration. - ' . : Thus the London correspondent of the ' Age :' Some little stir has been created in theatrical circles fcythe behaviour of Mr. LuecombetSearlle, « young musician, originally hnili-g from New Zealand, whose comic opera,- IMreLla, has been- purchased' by Mr. Garner for Australia. Estrella, although it received £ood press notices, and is undoubtedly a light and trifling operatic! work of some merit, was a disastrous failure in London. After tho fort week ' the ghost,' in theatrical parlance, 'did not walk.' Mr. SeaiUe seized on the occasion of Mr. Garner's temporary stay in the Strand to dispose of the colonial rights of the piece, and then his difficulty was to evade the un paid actors and actresses, who tiiourht themselves ,«ntitled to a share of the fees in lieu of their weekly wages and the loss of their engagement. ' Just arrived, a large consignment of Cigarette Makers, Is 6d each. Dan Simmons, €96, George Btteet;— : Aott. . A New Public Convenisnee.— Gentlemen's clothes scoured, repaired, or dyed, and properly pressed. AH ladies* materials dyed. All goods sent Cor and 'delivered io any part of i_e-oty«r suburbs. P. Henry, 125, WOlianvatreet, Woolloomooloo.— Advt. See Cox and Tate'a advertisements, jpaga ,3.— JLdvt. :. '' Last day of Jewellery Disoonnt Sale. 376*43eofge .?fawet.— rAirra. ? . ??'.'?' Twenty-fire per oent. discount off ?watches, jewel*' lerr,^iaoiOBds,fto.r at Braun's.— ApvT. , W^Ofliam, Watches, JZZ 8s; Botherlnun'*, JB4* Peepo' Day Alarms, 10b.—: Advt. '- ' . ?; 'Pather,how w& mother jsttpport osif jrmrdtef' ins.: ''rn-MaJVr. B.iBhortdiraotiyrandfiiBO» aqr Jifc.'— Adtt. ? ? ...-??-.- _; ? ?? T;Tatt-«aU'B IOjOOO Consultation Melbourne XQnp, IBIline rapidly. Will«loHeia a f ew day&.- ^CheSOOO ifeofiDinrfMt. AddreBsaW*er8afl,eawofG.AdaBBl, 3ktteHs3's Hotel, SydBey.rHtoVT.; ? - ' Melbourne Cup.— Janitor's /Cpnaultation on this nopo^tantjeveot npw-opea.v fiOOO- subscribers .*ti£l eaeh. Fir«t Jiorse, __-*»* -second, JE400 ; *_ird, JE8Q0; divided amongst ^taiters; apt placed, £%& i s_d iJaOOmmoiLtstnon-sfertero.1 Letter lioxfor.tptm. Clients at Punch's Hotel. Early application nebei-' sary (by letter only), addressed Janitor, care of E. E. Jones. Punch's Hotel. Sydney. — Advt '-The name of Mr. W. H. Edmunds has been added to the Board of Technical Education.. .' The quarter's lodging' money due to the police the end of last month has not yet been paid. Some very ancient skeletons brought out of the municipal cupboard' at the. special inquiry meeting yesterday, ' ' 'Struck Oil' is to be played at the Victoria Theatre, Parramatta, to-night, by Miss Lily Marsh's dramatic company. Mr. Clarke, S.M.,.had a heavy day at the Bedfern police court yesterday. To gettlirouzh the business he sat through the luncheon hour. Yesterday was a private members' day in the As sembly, and the business -was soon got through, the adjournment being made at a quarter past 5 o'clock. At the JJedfern police court yesterday, Mr. Clarke, S.M., mulct Bridget Farrell in a penalty of .£3, with the option of one month, for using obscene language in Regent-street. Mr. O'Malley Clarke presided in the charge court of the Central this morning. A light list was quickly disposed of. . There were no cases for hearing in the summons court. At a Cabinet meeting held yesterday afternoon the private bills now before Parliament were considered, and the Government decided on the course of action they would pursue towards them. A deputation from Bedfern is to wait oa the Minister of Works on Friday next, relative to the construction of a subway under, the railway line from the east to the west side of Holden-street. \- The yard of the Central police station is in a dis graceful condition of mud and generally sloppyness since the heavy rains. This might be easily reme tueany rnrowingaioaaoigraveiovertne yara. The aldermanic mind is startled to find that water meters are something like clocks, and can be put back — that is, if anyone dishonest enough to do so can be found. That, of course, is the real difficulty. Oliver Beer, charged with having stolen goods to, the value of .£800 from Prince, Ogg. and Co., was' yesterday committed for trial at the Quarter Sessions. Bail allowed — himself in .£300, and two sureties of ^£150 each. Messrs. Abigail and Melville see an urgent necoesity for a Land Boiler Bill^ while Messrs. Poole, Vanghan, Day, and others do not. However, the bill has been read a first time and will no doubt become law in one shape or another. Mr. Melville, yesterday, in tho course of a few remarks he made, stated there were boilers work ing now in Sydney that were positively dangerous, and that he should not be surprised any day at an alarming and fatal explosion. The only two really debatable matters on the order paper yesterday in tho House of Assembly were the second reading of the Legal Practitioners Amalgamation Bill and the Limitations of Actions Trespass Bill which were postponed. Visitors to the Woolloomooloo bathing establish ments should be careful in regard to their valuables. During the early part' of the week one gentleman had a rather expensive bath, for while he was in the water a thief went through his pockets and appro priated a watch and chain. The petition yesterday presented by the deputa tion in re the Sydney-Liverpool railway is to com mence, not as stated, about Burwood, but it is in tended to branch from the Iilawarra line and proceed via Canterbury and Bankstown towards Liverpool, as was shown by the plan presented. The field-oay in tho Summons court of the Central yesterday was a very mild one, there being only 13 charges of breaches of the city by-laws. Fines were inflicted in all the cases ranging from 10s to 40s. Mr. Inspector Seymour as usual prosecuted and showed that if he had not been an inspector of nuisances, he would have made an excellent lawyer. It is always pleasant to hear a professional man speak in high* terms of his brother practitioners. Dr. Woodward in giving evidence at the Coronor's court yesterday, thus spoke of the house surgeon of the Sydney hospital—' I take this opportunity of saying that Dr. Muskett, who has charge of the surgical wards of the hospital, discharges his* duties in a most efficient manner.' Alfred Gammage was fined 20s and costs 4s lOd, for calling Elizabeth Clinton something very different from a lady. But then, Elizabeth Clinton, for saying Gammage was 'a dirty low fellow' and accusing him of sleeping with somebody that boloneed to another man, had to pay a like sum. All this was part of the police court varieties at Jtsewtown on the 16th instant. Charles Leon Toplitz, 25, described as a clerk, a Pole by birth, and a Lutheran by religion, was charged yesterday at the Water police court with forging a promissory note for .£111. Preliminary evidence of the arrest havine been taken, the prisoner was remanded until Tuesday. He was arrested last week in Townsville and only arrived in Sydney on Thursrday. , We are informed on good authority that the Volun teer Fire Brigade as a body are opposed to the 20th clause of the bill which relates to the registration of brigades. The clause only provides for the payment of firemen when they actually attend, and do some service which merits especial recognition. Thus it is maintained that the Bill does not provide for the payment of the men at all, and that it is likely to lead to their disbajdment. The Parramatta Fire Brigade held its 24th annual celebration in the engine station last night, when a banquet was partaken of. Captain Menser presided, and Superintendent Lowe occupied the vice-chair. Several officers of the Sydney brigades were present, with Superintendent-General Kelly and his secre tary, Mr. Haynes. The company broke up after spending a pleasant night. About a week ago a young man named William Grimble was pulled out of a waterhole on the Mitchell-road, Alexandria, and being deemed insane, was remanded from the Bedfern court to the Receiving House at Darlinghurst for a week'stseatment. There, however, being no noticeable improvement, the man was again brought before the S.M. at the local court yesterday, and the S.M. made an order for his admit tance to the Gladesvillc Asylum. Jemmy, a blackish man, speaking very broken English, is well-known, it seems, all round Ashfield. He was charged at Newtown on the 16th with having been found on the premises of Mr. T. Evans, as was supposed, for an unlawful purpose. Sub-inspector Larkins, however, withdrew the charge, but Jemmy stole a bundle of newspapers, valued at 5s, at Ash field station, and Mr. Clarke has sent him to gaol for a month. The youths were carefully sorted out from the crowd at Newtown police court by the industrious police, and turned out by order of Mr. Clarke, S.M., on the 16th instant. But still the pressure of the crowd and the heat were terrible. . ' It is a marvel to me,' said Mr. Clarke, at last, ' how persons can stew here when they can go out and get fresh air ;' but how abont the heat and the smells and the un washed crowd at the Central ? The business at the Newtown small debts court, on the 18th instant, was unusually heavy, 'there being 51 cases, exclusive of those paidsincesummonses were issued. The borough of Marrickville sued five persons for non-payment of rates; and the Loyal William Gane Lodge of Oddfellows nine members for nonpayment of subscriptions. There was a great muster of solicitors, and Mr. Clarke, S.M., and Mr. R. Hastings the bailiff, were kept busy. A young man named Yard, who pursues the ton sorial art in Tattersall's buildings, has adopted a method of treating illustrations so as to make them to all intents and purposes as good as originals. He secures a picture say; from the 'Town and Country Journal,' or a music sheet, and cuts away all back ground. He then thins it down and pastes it in a scrap album, and by levelling the outline or edge makes it appear as if it came straight from the pen or pencil of the artist.- The album he haB in hand now is a curiosity worth -inspection. In Adelaide Sir Thomas Elder was a patron of Yard's, and gave him several commissions. ?? ? - ; ? A very narrow escape from sudden death by tram took place 'between 5 and 6 ; o'clock yesterday after, noon. - A Waverley train was just'pulling up opposite the Cambridge Club Hotel; in Oxford-street, but had not stopped, when a lad about 13 years of age tried to jump upon it.- He was knocked down by some means, and fell on tie line between the wheels of the motor andthecar nerttoit. A scream of horror went -up from a number of the onlookers ; but fortunately, through the action of the driver, the tram was pulled up when within a couple of inches of the boy, who was rescued from his perilous position, more frightened than hurt. A BUOceBsful entertainment took .place at Mosman's Bay on Wednesday evening in aid' of a new building for the Congregational Sabbath-sohbol. ^ The ?un- favourable aspect of the weather did not deter people from coming in large numbers from ' Sydney, North Shore, and the neighbourhood. The room was bean* tifully deoorated, and a large number of the audience had to seek recourse to flie balooriy oufeaSe, from wMoh - magnifioenl 'View of the /harbour was ob $aine3.s The programme . was' varied, including aeveral ohoioe musical eeleetions, a Bdene from Pick wick, a recitation, and a comic reading, and the audienoe heartily applauded the«Hortai of the per formers. Altogether a most enjoyable evening -was spent, and fiiejpromotera tee-to *e congratulated on t£e result. ''? . :- ' ; ? \ '.-V. ? . ': 