The Cloud—fshelly's Maslcal Ode: 135nraa;fresh:showers Ior;the.thirstmgflowers,: 3?rom the seas and the streams; I bear lijfht shade for tbo leaves when laid In their noon day dreams " Trom my wings^ are shaken Jihe dews that waken ! Tile sweet birds eveiy nne, ' .'When rocked to rest jon their mother's breast. As she dances about the sun, J "wield the flail of the lashing hail, And whiten the green plains under, Aud then again I dissolve it in rain ; - And laugh as I pass in thunder I sift the snow-on themountains below, And their.great pines groan aghast; An3 ail the night,'tis my pilioj? white * While l sleep in the arms of the "blast. iSublime on theiowers of my skiey bowers - Iflghfaung, my pilot, sits, In acavern -under is fettered the thunder, It straggles and howls at fits Over earth an ocean, with gentle motion, This pilot is guidingjne, lured,by the love of the genu that move In the depths of the purple sea, * Over the rills, and the crags, arid the hills, Over the lakes and the plains, •Whereverhedream, nnderineuntain oistream, The spirit he loves, remains, And I all the TVIUIG bask in heaven's Hue -<• smile, .•"•--TOiilst he islaissolvingaijrains.^-.. -.•:• .-The"sangume"Bimrise,-with;it3iiieteorVeyes, And hisliurning plumes outspread, Leaps -on the back of my sailing rack, . Jv.r|iVhen:thpjmniTmig-.'3taTjshinesdeaa,- ' ~>- As on She jag ®f a mountain -crag "Which an -earthquake rocks and swings. An eagle, alit, one moment may sit In the light of its golden wings, And when sunset may breathe, from the lit -sea beneath, Its ardors of jest and of love. And the crimson pall of eve- may fall rrom the depths of heaven above, rWith^wmgs ioldeiLI. rest orumme airy-nest, As still as a brooding dove That-orbed maiden .with white fire laden, \- - Whom .mortals caUthemoon, -- - ..-'-• ;; Glides ghmmenng o'ermyfleece^hke floor By'the midnight breezes strewn; ••'•;. : And,, wherever: the beat of her unseen feet, May have broken the woof of my tent's thin roof, r: bThe'stars peep behindher and .peer; •And I laugh .to see them whirl and flee, .' Xike a swarm of gold en bees, When I widen the rent in my wind built tent, -TillShe calm river, Jakes;-and'seas, " Iiike strips of :the sky-fallen through 'me on high, . Arc eaoh paved with T.he moon and these I bind the sun's throne-with'a burning rzone, ;And-Jthemoon?s with a girdle-of pearl ; •>.•-••' -The ;VGlcimoes are dim, and -the "Stars reel and swim, . iWhen thewhirlwinds niy;;banner unfurl. ' l^rom capc io cape, with a bridge-like shape, Over a-torrent sea, Sunbeam proof, I hang like aroof, The mountains its -columns be, The :taumpbaVarch:through:whiohimarch, With hurricane, fire and snow, When the powers of "the air are chained to my chair, IB the million colored bow, >The sphere-fire above; its soft oolors wove,' While the moist earth was laughing below. I am the daughter of the earth and water, And the nursling of the sky, I pass -through the pores of the ocean and shores, •Ichangebutl eannot die. " ' ' " -.;•; For aTter, the ram; when,'nith'nevera 1 stain, The pavilion of heaven is hare, Andtbe'windsandsunbeamsLvwiththeir convex gleams, Build up .the blue dome of air— I silently laugh at my own cenotaph, And out of the caverns of rain, Iiike a child from ihe womb, like a ghost from the tomb, I rise and upbuild it again 