THE EVE OF ST. PARTRIDGE. J" BY' JEAN MIDDIEMASS. There is much talk of guns, and bags, and birds and keepers among the men assembled in the smoking room at Fotherington Manor on the last evening in August, but expectant though they all are, and excited about the i morrow's sport, the name of Mrs. Bulmer wanders in among their sporting conversation very frequently. Who is Mrs. Bulmer i is a query that passes trim lip to lip. Yet no one in the roomed answer the question, unless it is a grave, dark man who sits smoking by the window and has not vouchsafed a remark. ' That Mrs. Bulmer is beautiful, very beautiful, no one seems to gainsay, and that she is a widow they all seem to be agreed, since their hostess has told them so ; but where she has come from, and I why, none of them mon about town ! though most of them are have never seen ] her before, is a mystery which perplexes them not a little. She does not look in more than 10, has fair hair, the softest blue eyes, a smile that has already driven A Igy Merrick, of the Life Guards, so crazy that crack shot though he is, it will be strange if he does not miss more than a few birds to-morrow, and she is dressed with a perfection that proclaims her a woman of many resources. After Who is she 1 comes the question, What has she? But a satisfactory reply was as far off as ever. The dark, grave man smiled as if his own thoughts amused him, but he did not speak. Algy Merrick, however, observed the smile, Stealthy though it was. "Come, come, Arthur, you know all about her. Give us, without further delay, the history of this charming Mrs. Bulmer." Arthur shook his head. "You follows have been amusing me for the last half hour, trying to make a mystery where none exists. Julia Anson, one of the prettiest girls in Cumberland, was married at 17, to old Bulmer, of Bulmer Court. It is the old story she married him to save her father, who was a terrible spendthrift, from him, and the old follow rewarded her by dying at the end of six months and leaving her a widow with five thousand a year." " Five thousand a year !" The words acted as an electric shock. " Ay, clear," went on Arthur, taking a long whiff at his meerschaum. " She has no children, and having mourned in privacy for the last six months, she has been induced to accept our hostess, Mrs. Taunton's, invitation, and visit Father ington Manor for the Feast of St. Partridge." "And you have known her for a long time? " Yes, off and on. I know her when she was Julia Anaemia." "She is charming; positively, absolutely charming !" exclaimed Algy Mer rick enthusiastically. His strong encomium, however, only called forth a quick, sharp flash from Arthur's dark eyes, then he half closed them again and knocking the ashes out of his pipe he stalked off to bed without vouchsafing another word. "Queer fellow, Arthur Seymour, said one of the party when he had closed the door. "He is so spasmodic." " Got something on his mind," remarked another man; " he is as mysterious OF Mrs. Bulmer, for say what he likes I feel sure there is a mystery about her, and am not so certain that Matter Arthur is not mixed up in it." " Arthur Seymour is not to be allowed to carry off that fair young beauty as a prize for silence, if that is what you mean.'' cried Algy Merrick. '* Why, he has not got a rap." " " " " And you, Algy ?" laughed the former speaker. " Yet I shrewdly suspect you have intentions." OF I-well,' I have not much money certainly, but I have expectations, and-" i " Come, I'll bet you fifty pounds that Arthur has a better chance than you have." ! ," Done !" and Algy Merrick throw up his head, twirled his mustache and tried to look the thorough lady killer he believed himself to be. And very good looking he certainly was in his blue velvet smoking suit, with its millions of old point. There was a good deal of laughing over the wager, which was duly booked, and the lookers on strolled off to bed in full expectation of having some sport that Partridgstido, which would come within the range of their double- barrelled Mansions Before the clock had struck twelve all the male inmates of the house had been told of the water, which was of course to beicarefully guarded from the ladies and Arthur. The boat naturally was also excluded, but then he was old, and a cipher merely the host. Meantime the fair object of all this intrigue had taken off the gauzy white dress in which she had played such havoc with Algy Merrick's heart, and attired in a pale gray dressing gown, her fair hair forming a natural well. about her shoulders, was sitting by the window gazing for the most part on the starry firmament, though every now and then she turned the page of a book which was lying on her knee. Mrs. Bulmer had evidently no intention of seeking repose. Her own thoughts seemed to keep her very wakeful, and her face, -though a bright and joyous one, had obviously for a time been touched by some sorrow which rendered her ponBivo, almost sad. One o'clock struck by the little clock on the mantel piece of her room. For at least an hour she had not moved. Now she got up, looked out for a second or two into the silent night, and finally closed the window. Just as she did so a little tap came at the door. Mrs. Bul- mer started as though she were half afraid, and then she uttered a decided " Come into Jp| ' A dark, bright eyed, laughing girl obeyed the summons. "Oh, Julia I was so afraid you would be asleep, and I have such a bit of fun to tell you." " Something that will not keep till the morning, Mimi ? Why are you not in bed long ago, you naughty child ?" " I am only two years younger than you, Julia, and you are not thinking of sleeping. But never mind-only listen to what I have to tell you." And Mimi Taunton, for Julia's nocturnal visitor was the daughter of the house, knelt down beside the chair into which Mrs. Bulmer had thrown herself. " You know my boudoir is at the end of the long corridor," began Must in an excited tone, " and in the little room next to it > Jack Burnett has been put to sleep because the house is full and he is only a boy." "Yes; well" Well, mamma told me I was to write the menus for to-morrow's dinner, and as I intend to pass to-morrow in the woods I thought I would take time by the fore- lock and do them to-night," u " And what has happened ?" " Just as I had got about half through them I heard an awful noise in the next room. It was Percy Wilmot trying to wake Jack Burnett, who was fast asleep boys always do want so much sleep." "And did he succeed ?" asked Mrs. J Bulmer, half wearied. 'l p " I should think he did, and what he told him you would give your ears to know.'' "What was it? though, stop; one ought not to listen." , 'J I didn't listen I heard, Boys should, be more careful ; it is their fault, not mine, if secrets are revealed. , This one concerns you. A bet of £60 has been laid about you to-night." . tin i s i' I" About me, Mimi ? What do you mean ?"_ " Why, Captain Merrick, whom I rather meant to flirt with myself, had taken a bet with Major Ricketts that he will win you and distance Arthur Seymour, your old friend, whom the Major has a sort of suspicion is in love with you." Mrs. Bulmer started up from her chair and catching on the arm of it as though to steady, herself turned very pale. ' ' And Arthur-Mr. Seymour-does he know anything of this ?" " Not a word. There would be no fun if he know. Julia, you must not betray me ; you must keep your own counsel and act, not talk. Why, you look quite frightened over it ! Now, if it were only me instead of you, what sport it would be. I would teach them to lay wagers about me !" " I wonder what you would do ?" queried Mrs. Bulmer, with a smile. "Do ! Why I would flirt with this impertinent captain Algy Merrick till I drove him perfectly silly, and then I would leave him plants is to pay his £50 and be laughed at by all his friends." " It might be a dangerous game. Miss. You yourself might have your affections engaged." " Julia ! It cannot be possible that you are in love with Captain Merrick ?" _ " Why, Mimi, I never saw him in my life till this evening." " Of course not how silly I am," laughed Mimi. " Dear me, this is a beginning to our shooting party. You will do the thing thoroughly, won't you, Julia ?" ' Mrs. Bulmer could not help laughing at the girl's energy. "to do the best I can-yes-but there are reasons I cannot explain which make the position rather difficult. I thank you for warning me, however ; you have done me a great service than you even in- tended." And then Mimi kissed her friend, bade her rely on her assistance and silence and crept very quietly up stairs to her room She would perhaps have decided that the hour when her assistance would be acceptable was not so very far distant had she seen Julia Bulmer sink down once more into the chair by the window and remain there for a long while motionless, lost in such deep, grave thought as the contemplation of no mere country house wager could have produced. Next morning when the house party met at breakfast there was still a shadow on Mrs. Bulmer'sbrow, beautiful though she looked in the dark mourning clothes which she had not wholly cast off. Mimi did not fail to notice it, and as she passed her whispered, "Be brave ; I will help you." Next Mrs. Bulmer was seated Algy Morrick. For a few seconds Mrs. Bulmer scarcely noticed him. She seemed absorbed by her own thoughts ; but two or three flashing glances from Mimi awoke her to a recollection of what was required of her, and she began to chat very pleasantly with the guardsman. She looked round the table and saw amuse- ment depicted on all the male faces excepting Arthur's ; he looked graver and stonier than over, and during the whole of the breakfast was never heard to utter a word. The start for the woods was made, the ladies from the windows watching the shooters sally forth. Algy Merrick stood till the last moment, leaning against the porch talking to Julia. " We will meet again at luncheon up at Vidal'a Bar, where there is a Druid temple," he said, and then he lifted his hat with a grave on which he prided himself and followed the rest of the party, congratulating himself that he had made so successful a, beginning, and already deciding in his own mind that the widow and the wager were won. As for Arthur Seymour, he did not take the slightest notice of Mrs Bulmer except when absolute politeness demanded it Certainly there was nothing in his behaviour that betokened a deep interest in the young widow, and yet there was not one among all that shooting party but felt intuitively that there was some magnetic power that linked these two to together. In no one was the instinct more fully developed than in Mimi ; she knew nothing of their antecedent acquaintance, yet she could not help suspecting that Arthur's cool indifference had a good deal to do with Julia's warmth of manner to Captain Merrick. " It is quite interesting," quoth Mina to herself, " almost as goodna having a love affair of one's own. But I don't mean Algy Merrick to win his wager if I can help it." So she started forth in search of Julia and proceeded to put her, metaphorically, on the back. " Go on, dear ; go on as you have begun. Arthur won't be able to stand it very long. He is frightfully in love, I am sure. He will be at your feet before long, and Captain Morwick will lose i his wager." " Mimi, what do you mean ? What do you know about Arthur. I have not seen him till yesterday-sinco-since I married Mr. Bulmer ; and-" " Very likely," returned Mimi, " For all that, you are as much in love with him as he is with you." " You are mistaken, Mimi, indeed you are. There is nothing between Mr. Arthur Seymour and me. In fat I think I should be rather fascinated by that good looking Captain Morwick if I could got over the impertinence of the wager." " Oh, Julia, it isn't true !'' and Mine's laughing face clouded over very por ceptibly, and she made up her mind that she would try the effect of a few of her dashing remarks on Arthur. She had known him, more or less, all her life, and was not afraid of his grave, silent ways. Two days passed, however, and Arthur gave her no opportunity to converse with him, but kept very much aloof from every one, announcing it as his intention to leave Fothorington Manor on the 4th and go on to another country house about 15 miles off. { Twice had the whole home party met for luncheon at Vidal's bar, and the fair- tation between Algy Merrick and the widow was progressing so rapidly that every one looked on the affair as totaled, Major Ricketts' grimness of countenance only being second to that of Arthur when- ever he thought of his lost £50. Still Algy Merrick had not proposed. Good breeding told him that the time which had elapsed since his introduction to the widow was rather short, and besides there was something in Arthur Seymour's manner which affected his spirits without his exactly knowing why. ." He would wait," he thought, " till this 'killjoy Arthur removed himself, which he would do on the morrow, and then, the coast being absolutely clear, there I would be no further difficulty about the matter, since he felt quite sure of the lady." I Events, however, were not going to turn out quite as propitiously us Algy [expected. On the morning of the 4th, a telegram was placed before Arthur Seymour while he sat at breakfast. Evidently Borne event of importance had occurred, for 1rs Usually pale face grew crimson, as he read it. but he thrust it hastily into his pocket without uttering a word. Only toward the end of breakfast he said to his hostess or a > "Pam afraid, Mrs. Taunton, you will be saddled with me till evening. Some news I have just received necessitates an entire ohBUge'ift tay'plant." < " Myrdal Arthur, you know this house is yours to come and go as you like. - You have horse bad news, I hope,?." u "MjuMMWlty Sir William,, Grant, is dead," returned Arthur, sadly. " I must go North without delay." " Your mother's brother to" '" Yes. My mother was with him when he died. She telegraphs to me to come to her at once ; but there is no quick train from here till the evening. I know that from past experience." This announcement of Arthur's cast an inevitable shade over the whole party, but more especially on Algy Merrick, who had expected Arthur to leave early, when he intended to avoid the shooters under the pretext of being; tired, and devoted the morning to winning his cause with the widow. Now, breakfast was no sooner over and the party separated about in different quarters than Mrs. Bulmer sought Arthur Seymour out in the library, where he was sitting alone writing letters in connection with the recent event. They had scarcely spoken for days, but Julia had known Arthur too long not to feel that it was imperative she should go and condole with him in his sorrow ; more especially as Sir Wilfrid Grant's place adjoined Bulmer Court, and she was really sorry about the old man's death. He looked up when she entered and started as though he had seen a ghost. " Julia-Mrs. Bulmer !" " I have come to tell you, Arthur, how much I condole with you in your grief," she said, very simply calling him by his Christian name, as she had done from childhood. "Ay, it is that, I need condolence, though perhaps scarcely from you." And having fixed his eyes once more on his papers, he did not attempt to raise them. " Not from me ? What have I done to displease you - Oh, Arthur, why are you so changed, so unkind to me? But it does not matter. I only came to tell you I was sorry about poor Sir Wilfrid. Since you do not wish to hear it I will not intrude." And she turned to leave the room. Another moment and he was by her side. Julia, told me the truth. Do you not I love Algy Merrick?" "It can matter but little to you whom I love," she answered. "Not matter! Have I not loved you for years ? When you married Bulmer, did I not go abroad in the vain hope of forgetting you and nearly died of brain fever at Geneva ?" " And when you recovered and came back to England I was a widow, she suggested with some richness, yet blush- ing vividly. " Yes, a rich widow, and I was a poor man. You were farther off me than ever." Mrs. Bulmer stood looking at him in a state bordering on bewilderment. " And this was the reason of your coldness and estrangement ?" she said at last. " My poor Arthur, how I have misjudged you ! And now-" ' " Now I am no longer a poor Admiralty clerk, but my uncle's their, while you have, I believe, already pledged your word I to Algy Merrick." I " I have no more intention of marrying Captain Merrick than of performing a journey to the moon," she said, advancing to the open window as she spoke. "I have only been tantalizing him into the belief that he has won a wager of £60." As she finished the sentence a figure flitted across the verandah, only a few yards from where Julia Bulmer was standing. It was Algy Merrick He had heard every word of that last sentence. Luckily it did not stop for more, or the shout of joy which Arthur uttered might have shattered his nerves, and the eight of Julia in Arthur's arms, in which the was encircled not two minutes later, might have paralyzed him for life, ' As it was, it was Algy Merrick, not Arthur Seymour, who was called away from Fotherington Manor by important business that morning. When, the shooters returned Major R Ricketts found a cheque for £50 lying in an envelope on his table, with only the one word-" Lost ! "-for explanation. That Mrs. Bulmer had refused him was the general supposition among the Binokors that evening, for it was not till long after the party had broken up that the mystery was fully cleared by a paragraph in the Morning Post, to the effect that Mrs. Bulmer, of Bulmer Court, was about to be led to the altar by Mr. Arthur Seymour. Of course, Mimi was asked to be principal bridesmaid, but she gave it as her intention that she would have nothing whatever to do with the wedding unless Captain Algy Merrick was invited, and, being a young lady of much decision of character, she carried her point. The result of the gay doings at Bulmer Court is that another wedding may be expected before the season is over at least, so the wise folks says-The Argosy. 