THE OLDEST MAN. , . J i ?' Aoeiio Largo,' or ' Long-Hido,' ? accord ing to the English derivation of tho Spanish word, burned himsolf to doath at the Real dol Castillo, California. For somo timo the old In dian had been feeble and unable to walk. During the recent heavy rains that fell in that region tho old man sought refuge in a cabin near by. Last week ho crawled up to. the houso of Sonor Francisco Parma and told liim he was very hungry. Tho latter gave him ii good dinnor, besides furnishing provisions for fu ture emergencies and then instructed tho other Indians at the rancheria to care for -him. Thoy replied that they had always :dono so, as they entertained unusual rover ? once for the old man on account of his ago. ; Thursday, the date in question, was, a cold day in Lower California, and 'Long Hide' ;was given an extra blanket by his dusky ; friends.. This he soon toro into strips, put them on a fire and soon his ' teepe' or brush house, 'was all ablaze. When this had been accomplished, despair for tho moment item ing to seize liim, ho plunged headlong into tho burning mass. A stout young Indian near by seized him and tried to drag him out of danger, but the old man grabbed a stake in tho ground near by, held himsolf in the fire, and boforo other help could come wos literally roasted alivo,' dying within a few hours after tho occurance mentioned. ' Long Hide' was married and the father of several children when the miss ion of San Diego was built, ono hundred and twenty years ago, nnd from what lie told ?parties who visited him ho must have been , not less than thirty years of ago at the time. Three or four years ago he lost a son who 1 could remember when the mission was first: built by Franciscan friars. This son must' have been not less than 120 years of age., ' Long Hide' told of the first settlement of Old Town years before the mission was built, of tlie coming of ships for water at Russian springs, and many things of great interest in the past history of San Diego and vicinity. Jaun Melendrez who lives near the Real del Castillo, says he knew ' Long Hide', fifty years ago and that ho appeared nearly as old then as he did the week before he died. He says that the old.man frequently beat the best horses owned ill the country on trips to San Diego, one hundred miles distant from the Real, and that he often chased deer until they gave up with fatigue. He would thon cap ture theni after they had laid down for reslj. Until a year ago ho was able to walk about and travel quite well. Sinco then he has been obliged to crawl about on all fours, likea, cat or dog. He retained his'sight perfectly and all the faculties of mind up to the day ho died.— San Diego Sun. ' ( down in ?ran dakk. , * Down in' the lower levels of: our mines;: hundreds of feot below tho surface of the earth, . in'tho dominions of Erebus, where! darkness , ever ; holds its reign unbroken by the light of day,' are found some curious growths. j ... The grass ~\Ti\Uay, Tidings makes tho follow ing mention, of a speoimen of this subterran ean vegetation : j On Saturday somo minors found a rather queer specimen in the 700 lovol in the Idaho mine. Tho specimen which was found among the timber, is a sort of fungus (punk, wo boliovo tho miners call it), and is just tlio shapo of a human hand. The hand has fivo fingers arid athumb, and appears to be in a sort of cramp ed position. It is a singular looking speci men, and may bo seen at tho Wisconsin hotel;' . In tho lower levels of tho Comstook mines — particularly .those long abandoned, or un used—are seen many wonderful growths of different kinds of fungi. Somo of these are of groat size, almost filling up drifts, and seen by the dim light of a candlo look liko sheeted ghosts. Down below in tho dark those growths Beem'to. strive to imitate the forms of things seen on. the surface. In one of our mines 'was once found an imitation of a fancifully- oarvod meorshnum pipe, stem and all, so perfect tliat it would easily be mistaktn for tho genuine a'rtiolcif not taken in tho hand and closely ex amined. Somo of the fungi resemble tho horns of animals, and arc from two feet to a yard in length, whilo others might pass ; for petrified devil-flsh.— Firi/tnia Enterprise. ' ? A correspondent of the Rochester Post Express, describing the burning of a dwelling house in Clifton Springs, recently, says that Jjecause of a peculiar state of tho (atmosphere a curious spectacle was presented. The southern sky was illuminated by a broad crimson glaro, and from the centre of this, oxtending far up into the sky, was a blood red streak, such as is often produced by the explosion of a sky-rocket. This streak re mained long after the reflection of tho blaze had died away. It is hard to personato and net a part long, for where truth is not at tho bottom, nature will always be ondeavouring to return, and will peep out aud betray herself one time or other. — Tillotson. To divert at any timo a troublesome fancy,1 run to'thy books,; they presently fix thee, to thom, and drive tho othor out of thy thoughts. They always receive theo with tlie same kind ness.— Fuller. ., ; - ' : 