THB MBLBOUBNE CDP DAT. Thb following account of the Melbourne Gup d»y appoared in the S. M. Herald of Wed nesday last : — i 'Tba ovont of tho year has come again and pone. Tbe Oup Baso in over. MelboQrae has beec emptiod of population, and the ffleming ton course has presonted a econo the men ot which cannot be paralleled all the world over, all the circumstances considered, last night at 10 o'clock the wind changed iuto tho south Wfst, and wo hopod for a bright morrow, but in tltS-toorning it had gone round again to the north. Tho hoavons were overcast, tho dust was curling oil tho roads suspiciously, and thoro seomed reason to foar lhnt llr. Kllery's artvictf to us all to tak« umbrellas and overcoats to tho races would bo justified by results. For oil that if mada no difference as to numbers in tho attendance to-day, and it is probable that on no previous occasion has the throng been greater ; but the forebodings about tha weather had had the effect of alarming a good many of the ladies to the f x'.cnt of persuading them to look tip something in the way of dress that wottld not Bpoil. Other* had hid den their Jlnery in- capacious wrappers, vfrhich they did not remove until tho wind ugain changed, as it did at 8 o'clock, aud then they suddenly blossompd liko flowers that unfold their petals only when tho Bun Bhinfs The general effect of the meteorological prediction, howevor, was to produco a someVlmt sombre and almOBt shabby effect. T-liero were many beautiful dreeSeajit it is true, but beau- if ul dresses woro not tho rnlo, Tou could not help somehow identifying tho drosses with the wearers. Taking them by hazard us they shewed themselves, you could hardly help fancifully comparing them to other thing* Thus yon would 6ce afield - f prTmroses funded in 'frith carnulions, a (look of doves Heating among- clouds of soft lace, a tablet of drab oddly relieved with patches of nirroiv riVboft, as if'raitway tickets of divers colours had been spread upon a stone iloor ; an atrocity of greon plaid intensified with blue patches Btruggling among black velvet, blended with, ill-ussortod 'flowers, topped with un ill-fitting brown bonnet, and surmounted with a fiercely r-d parasol, which thrfcw a lurid light upon an un happy face : a wholly white figure einc tnred with a black bek; a- sweet face and noble figure completely draped in grey silk, fitting oIobbj another stately figure, but solemn face,, wrapped IHiitodefined blue of some soft material, and having but a single dower to break the prevailing lone.; a dress o'f creamy silk shaded by a chintz paraiol, a chocolate satin gownivalanced with cornice fringe, a black -Mlk skirt flushing with bugles und nickod with sunflower leaves i a. pale { -tee shaded by a parasol, conifrased, as it might be, of clippliogs of Oacur Wilde's lootures ; a niountaiu of fleet!, wrapped in plum- colour satin, having ; many projections; another mountain of foiimlo humanity, covered with brown eilk, and having severe eyes, traipero'd by a pince niz ; a morry fnce at the end of a brown uleter j a pyramid of woman, yellow satin ut tho base, a white silk bonnet at tho apex, a middle zmoof breezy blue ; another woman pyramid, whose apex was lace, whose zone was represented by a red vclvot^ioket, and whoFo hasH wai solemn bla?k j a forriration of which the uppar stratum was dark gwen velvet, the next lowor deposit phik chinta sUt, and thalow--st deposit of all somn sullen red stuff; a «tafcuo in steel blue silk, with a glint of primrose in the skirt; a fiery face eet uff with a fi..-ry brown silt gown, made hotter still with some kind of red bronze trim ming.; an attenuated form in half mourning, tempered with withered flowers 5 a cheerful face over a figured blue satin robe, softened with croamy lace ; a heavenly face smiling out of cloud of delicite grey muslin ; a fiauro that suggested a blue pedestal supporting a whi-lo basket of flowers ; another pedeitul all drab, but in contrast with a crimson fnce; n . eickly woman m sickly yellow silk, which hung limp about her limbs; a ghostly face topping a figure in the roost funereal of black ; a huge woman in black satin, mfandorod with much drab ribbon ; an amazing solidify of flesh in voluminous bluo aofj; silk ; another 1 irge crca tu« ih navy blue satin, topped with a groi-n iHnbreilA ; a sampln of black und gold as if it had been rigidly ruled with a squarp ; an elonga tion ot grjeunees in dull black, and veiled in rusty red ; u face broader than long, matched by a figure of the same kind in pink and black nilk ; a diefatisfled foco at the summit of a robfc of figured red velvet; a pleasant little girl ull in blue, incljadtng tlin Aioes and stockings, giving oho the Hgreeatle impression oE coolncs j nnother little girl, all luce and gentleness ; »? third shapely little girl with a primrose frork, black silk stookinga, and black satin ehoeB; two elegant, girls in Bol't blue, gemmed with a single red flower; a winsome face and alis-orai- figure set off with white silk and a blue flower ; a stately figure in pink silk, with tender con trasting red ribbons ; a winning face, under a salmon- coloured parasol, and a ikiia-milk gown to ua-toh ; a thin face asd a highly developed noes at the end of a clupler of -red, white, and blue f ilk; a basis of black, with 11 confusing relief of 'inharmonious flowers; a dis.wl»fiod face Bet in a huge bonnot.loa'led with violets ; a euspiciouB face over d robe of sickly pink lankn.BB, in a long loose ulster of grey alpaca ; an elegant woman \n ccimpli-tB black, with the tingle relief ef a heavy gold necklet ; a ewoet vnlgarian ih red velvet, trimmed with a whole shopful of various coloured ribbons; another vulgarian, equally sweet in jmrnid brown satin, flooded with a very consignment of lace ; a conservatory of flowers in pink silk vasos ; a happy-looking woman, representing every known colour, and several colours that are un known ; a comfortablo old party in useful black silk, topped with an alarming whits fenthor ; a tall, girl in a primrose gown, with a black hat trimmed with marigold's ; a staring face out. of a heap of stariug blue, a cheap kaleido scope ; a pretty brunette, in a dark red gown, with a Bailor hat and a pepper- and-salt parasol ; a gloomy fivao, in BVriped pink silk ; a solemn form, in black Eatin, with a gold necklet And a brick-jfd paraBol ; a thoughtful woman, in unrelieved blnck ; a lilac robe, a bltck not trimmed with yellow and red flowers, and enormous brown gauntlet gloves, large blue eyes set in soft grey, tho eyes being by far the moat considerable item in the costume ; a mass of purple, with whit* fjlaaj bead trimmings, a Wue jacket, and a sunflowor ; an oye-glas*, in a sea of brown silk ; a bronxe figure, crowned with ecru luce ; a dress suggestive of » mixture of milk and red pepper ; ail entire black cos tumo with a white necktie ; a gown of jrreen, and a heft nil salad ; a drab frock with a hat of hundreds Jind thoueunds; a field of snow with julots of raw beef ; a pretty girl, with a rustic but nat vulgar air, in o. white frock, and a slinplo straw hat ; ft thunderstorm of black, with lurid streaks in the weathar gleam ; a comnly ghost In grer ; a black gown of soft Bulin tempered with red poppies j a Brilliintly handsome woman, with a his'oi'J, weuring a dress compqunded of many colours and divers materials, But also artisti cally blended as to produce a wondrous and lustrous whole — in fatft, a dreen and a woman to dream of ; an oreet iiguro in steel blue figured bilk, harmotused with soft lucu and a par isol of quaitu design ; ti black ro#e tipped wirii a prepostoious paruejl, seemingly iimdo out of striped rod and black etockings. The parasols did pot, as in former years, diBpluy mu h invention. It seomed as if the pretty parasol- had mostly bwjn left at home in favour of umbrellas. Necesiiarily the improvement* which have been olTcctDa finco last year at tmcted much attention. Evm-ything that OdU mjni.»tor to c^mfork ou'l convenience hns bedn ?introduced. The crowd, as a matter of course, prev^nte.d. anybody wllp had not came pro vided with lunqheon from outing or drink ing with entire s»ti-f action, for the tables wero Uttered and tho counters wore e'.oppy, but with such a rush those sources of objoction could not well be obviated. Evorybody waa thero-tliat ia to say, every body' at uu notable— and uuiong Uicso was our own Maggie Moore, iu quiet black eilk with a Binglo rose to relievo it ; and she was accom panied by hor pretty sis'er- inlaw, Mrs James Alooro, in ruby velvet with gold brocade. . She Governor, of conrse, eould not come, in con sequouoe of the death of his daughter; but us he has sevoral Governors visiting him at presortt, thoy cumo, and wero received loyully as his substitutes. The utmost order pro Tailed. The regulations were perfect, and thijy were perfectly carried out, for tho score titry, Mr. Byron Moore, io a marvellous man, and thinks of everything, novfcr sparing him self, and if ho Hvcb a few years longor he will mako this racecourao and these. iaoeB Buch an institution that it will bo tho most wonderful thing in all our wonderful hiBtory. Altogether the Cup Daj of 1883 will be remembered among the best of the Cup Days. About the grapdest hurtlle-race field that over faced a flag in Australia went to the post for tho Hurdle Eace ; and, after a grandly riddon and effective race, Kingwoorl, who was a firm favourite at 2 to 1, haviug more pace than the others, drow away at tho distance, and won easily at the ond. Basilisk, ridden by Kilduff, fell when running well, at tho abattoirs, but neither hor.»n nor rider was hurt. Jn the absence of King's Own, I/drd Kxeter, and Para fine, Tho Broker was made favourite, and won cleverly. Ho represented South Australia, but was bred at 'focal by Mr. ^Reynolds, and is by (Joldflb'rounh from BWoHy, by the Barb. A pretty useful lot stirtel far '.he. Bailway .Stakes, for which Iko was in such demand that C to 4 whs laid on him, and after Tabletop had made the running to tho distuuee, the favourite cut him down, and won, with verf little to spare, by a length from Tablotop, who ran a good horse. Considering that Boolka had a li-lb ponalty, which brought his weight up to 10 St., he ran a great horse. Twenty nino went to fthe post for the Cup, and u'fter Archie and Linda had cut out tho running at a won derful paco, tho great weight told on tho former, and Aide-do Camp and Com motion appeared at tho front, attended by Martini-bcnry, who was well ridden by Williamson. Martini-Henry ran paat them in tho straight, and won by t-ro lengths. First Demon and Aide-do-Camp finished fourth and fifth, and then came dardius. Nerricker, who rodo Lo Grand, states that he was pulling him out. of the saddle until half a mile from home, when he suddenly stoppnd rucine. Archio's running under his gnat weighr. proves his Derby running to be wronz, and confirms Huxley's Bo-cullcd error of judgment, for it Bhould bo remembered that to-day he carried 12 lbu. moro than tho wmuer, uud that he wus at the front for a milo and a half. Martini Henry was bred in New Zealand, and was purchased by the Hon. James White for 1,200 guineas, and his doub'o victory, as well aB that of Iolanthe in the Maribyrnonj; PJatu, mutt, be highly gratifying to hia owner, Mr. White, and his trainor, Fennelly. He is by MtiBket from Sylvia, the dam of Gnldabrough and Hobin Hood. His stable companion, l)espot, nearly fell when passing the stand, and pulled up very lame. Had it not been for this accident Mr. White's horses barte fair -to have been first and second Martini-Henry started, first favourite at 5 to 1. The Oup race is thus dtscribed': ' After a trifling delay, Mr. Watson lowered his flag. Tho immense field seomed to leave in oue line. When thoy got close enough to be noticed Dukodom was seen at the front, with a slight advantage of Archie, Mngnef, and Cliiptrap; and as they came on Claptrap got his head in front, and led past the Btand. Archie, Linda, Mngnet, Aide-de-Camp, Martini- Henry (who tripped and nearly fell), First Demon and First Wator following in a great bunch. Claptrap was ousted at the turn, and Archie, taking up tho running, led Linda half a length past tho bridge, Claptrap, Aide-do Camp, and Dukedom coming next, clear of Martini-Henry, Despot, Commotion, First Demon, and Lcsnia. Still forcing the pace. Linda, and Archie led their field along the back of tho course and on to the abattoirs, where they wero .two lengths in front of Aidedo-Camp, Martini-Henry, and Dukedom, next to which could be- seen Teapot, Commotion, First Demon, First Water, aud Snrdius. Linda und Archie, the latter of which had run a great hogfc under tho weight, now began t:o tiro, and when half a mile from homo Aido-de-Citmp got his head in fr.-int, while Culma held a good position on lh« ijxtreme outsido. Aidedo-Camp was now loft at the front, but Commotion was hard upon him, and. a little further on the Chompion Euco winner challenged and beat him in a few strides. A great roar from the hill declared that the. top weight had his field in trouble, but it was nil too s:-pn, for no sooner were their heads fairly turned for homo than llarlini Henry dashed up on tho ineide and assumed tho command, while First Water, in tho centre begin to como through his horses very fust. The Derby winner refused to bo caught, and Williamson, silting down on him for fear of being caught napping, landed him a clever winner by two lengths. First Watw, on whom M'Grade rode a great race, boat Commotion by three parts of a length for second place, and then cnino First Domon, Aide^do'Oamp, Magnet, Recovery, Archie, and Sicholiw. Time, 3 mins.* SOJ sees'' , . i 