Alf' A R t l S P S GHOST STORY. EXTEBXJiNOi: OE* THOWiS BEirBY, THE LONDON ACADEMICIAN. A nuhbeb of years ago there appeared in All the r r ear Iio'ind, then conducted by Charles DLckeiia, paper entitled "Four Stories." Oneo{ them purported to be the supernatural experience of "one Mr. H., an artist." Shortly after its apice DickenB received a note from Thomas pearance lleaphy, B.A.., in vhicVhsgood-bumoredly stated. •L >-.-W Onn&y;, S®temW 16,1B61.. . . .. .Si. have rtaf with ,"great inltrert) sboffla ; Wi:Wr;mnocf.ntij forestalled in U,6 At the same" time ! ttnst Ada th»t Jrttrir Olfa version of ths erterifeice is no wry oanons, and so araoh jnore stHkingthan tlii wcpnnt sent to me. ttat l shall be hippy to pub- Ji«h itin,4ff the. fear Momd, if yoa^tould W to jentqut i» to me for that .purpose, f iffiWWjitofy.pnblulied in that journal first Ghost Stories " from a gmUel ^ of a^dlstlngtiUbed position, both literal and BOml, l(rH I donot donbt, is weU known to yon by hsputtttion.' 'Hb did not send it to me ts liit owli,'bat«S tBe work of »' yonhgwriter in whom te^^jHiKKwhiini) another ghost stoiy. t irnmodiately .let him know, what corraapon^ 48B00:I,^avp,bad .With yon; and you shall be msde sc,nam^|^cat o Zof bis reply. s o CUABLESDiokeks. ,, 1 observe m yonr narrative t\>at yon men- 'ttoned the yotmg lady's eating the imef and drinlcing ths clarot.' -Doyoi remember whether the jb&it.; woB placed-On tho table <ir oarved ob the ttfde-bbard f—and whether yon -seemed to see tbe flgnrt eerred as the three mortals were, orseemeil to, .find riti already canted without noticing the M W H . - . . There -has jpst appeared in London a little pamphlet, containing the true version of this sfrsnEe skirT, "written by Jlr. Heaphy liimsolf. He died not long ago, ind the pamphlet is issned by liis wife. It is published by Griffith and Faittn, and inakes a broohore of ciglity-soven paps. ' Tbe narrative-is appended.—ED. 11 »m a painter. One morning in May, 1658, i was nated in my studio ai jny. usual occupation. [A paragraph or two is omitted, as only introducing a lady and gentleman—Mr. and lbs. Kirkbsck.] , . . , . My jieir nsitors we strangers to me. They bad seen a 'portrait I had painted, and wished for likenesses 'of themselves and their children. Tbe j>rie«T named did nert deter them, and they askci >look aronnd the studio to select the style and size they sbAnldrpreler. Tho inspection proving satisjactory, they asked whether I.conld paint the pictures at their house, in the country, and there being no difficulty on this point, an engagement was made lor tho following autumn, subject to my writing, to fli the' time when I might ba able to leave town for the purpose. This being adjusted, the gentleman gave me his card and they left. Shortly afterward, on looking at the oard left by the Strang's*, I was somewhat' disappointed to find that though it contained the names of Mr. and Mrs. Kiridnek, there was no address. I tried to find it by looking at the "Court Guide," bnt it contained n* such.name; so I put the.oard in my writing-desk, and forgot for a time the entire transaction. Autumn oame, and with it a series of engagements I had made in the North of England. Toward the tad of September, 1858,1 was one of a dinnerparty at a cburitry house at the confines of Yoskahire and Lincolnshire. The party was a numerous one, and as the meal approiched its termination, and was about to subside into the dessert, the conversation became general, should here mention that my hearing is defective, at some times more so than at others, and on this particular evening I was extra deaf—so much so that tbe conversation only reached me in tbe form Of a continued din. At one instant, however, I heard a word distinctly pronounced, though it was ottered by a person at a considerable distance from me, and that word was " Kirkbeck." In tho business of the London Beason I had forgotten all about the visitors of tho spring who had left their card without the address. The word reaching me under such circumstanoesarrestcdmy attention,and immediately recalled the transaction to my remembrance. On the first opportunity that offered I asked a person whom I was conversing with if a family of the name in question was resident in the eighborhood. I was told, in reply, that a Mr. Kirkbeck lived at A ; at the farther end of' tho county. The next morning I wrote to this person, saying that I believed ho called at my studio in the spring, and had mide an arrangement with me, which I was prevented from fulfilling by there being no Address on his card ;• furthermore, that I nld 'shortly be in liis neighborhood, on my turn from tbe north, but should I ho mistaken addressing him, I begged lie wonld not trouble himself to reply to my note. 1 gave as my address, The Post-office, York. On applying there, throe ays afterwards, I received a note from Mr. Kirkeck, stating that he waB vety glad ho had beard from me, and that if I would call on my return he would arrange about, the pictures; be also told me o write a day before I proposed coming, that he ight not otherwise engage lumself. It was ultiately arrangod that I should go to his house be succeeding Saturday, and stay till Monday orning; transact afterward what matters I bad o attend to in London, and return in a fortnight o execute the commissions. The day shaving arrived for my visit, directly after breakfast 1 took my place in the morning train from York to London. The train would stop at Soncaster, and after that at Retford Junction, where. I should have to get ou order to take the line through -Lincoln The day was cold, wot, foggy, and every vmy as disagreeable as I have ever known a day to be Sn an English October. • The carriage in which I was seated had no other occupant than myself, but at Doncaster a lady got My place was back to the engine and next to tho door. As that is considered tbe ladies' seat, I offered it to her; she,however, very graciously declined it And took the corner opposite, saying, in a very agreeable voice, that she liked to feel the breeze oa her cheek. Tbe nest few minutes were occupied in locating herself. There was the clqak to be spread under her, the skirts of the dress to be arranged, the gloves to bo tightened, and such other trifling arrangements of plumage as ladies are wont to make beforo settling themselves comfortably at church or elsewhere, the last and most important beiug tbe placing back over her hat the veil that concealed her features. I could then see that the lady was young, certainly not more than two or three and twenty; but being moderately tall, rather robust in make, and decided in expression, she might have been two or three years younger- I suppose that her complexion would be termed a medium one [ her ban- being of a bright lirownwr auburti, while her eyes and rather decidedly marked eyebrows were nearly black. Tbe color of her cheeks was that pale .transparent hue that sets off to such advantage .large, expressive eyes an equable, firm expression of rjouLh. On the whole, the ensemble was rather handsome than beautiful, her expression having that agreeable depth and harmony about it that rendered her face and features, though not strictly regular, infinitely more attractive than if they bad been modelled upon the strictest rules of symmetry. ' It is no small advantage, on a wet day and a dull, long journey, to have an agreeable companion; one who can convene .and whose conversation has sufficient substance in |it to make one forget the length and the dreariness of the journey. In this respect I had no deficiency to complain of, the lady being decidedly and agreoably conversational. When she had settled herself to her satisfaction, sbe asked to be allowed to Iqok at mv Bradsbaw, and not 'being a proficient in that difficult work, she requested my aid in ascertaining at what time the tram-passed through Betford "on Its way back from London to York. Tbe conversation turned afterwards on general topics, and, somewhat to my surprise, she led it into euch partiaular subjects as I might be supposed to be more especially familiar with; indeed, 1 could uot avgid remarking that her entire manner, while, it was anything bnt forward, was that of one who had either known me personally or'by report. There was in her manner a kind of confidential reliance when she listened to me that is not usnally she actuidly seemed to refer to different circumstances with which I had been connected in times past. After about three-quarters of an hour's conversation, the train arrived at Eetford, yihere_I was to change carriages. On my alighting and wishing hor goodmoraing, she made a slight movement of the hand, f niy " So she said, by way of adieu: " I dare si sayweshal meet-.again ; to which I replied: " 1 I hope we shall all meet again," and so parted, shi sbe going on tbe line toward London 'and I through Lincolnhire to A . The remainder of the journey as cold, wet, and dreary. I missed the agreeable onversation, and tried to supply its place with a ook 1 had brought with me from York, and tbe Ttmes imes newspaper, which 1 I had procured at Bet; Bet: ord. But the most disagreeable jouiney comes to an «nd at lasi, and naif-past five (ound me at the termination of rnino. waiting formoatthe station, where art? salso expected by the same train,. not appear it was included he would come by the next—half tlb hour later; accordingly the Carriage drove .away .with myself only. . . The family being from home at tbe moment, and the flinrior hour being seven,! went at once tf> my room' to unpack and to dress. Having completed these operations, I descended to the drawmg-roonu B probably wanted some tunetoilib dinner bour, as the lamps -were not lighted, but in their place a large blazing 'fire threw h:flood <4 light into every comer of the room, and morti .especially over a lady who, dressed in deep block, ,was standing by the ckimnett-plaoe wanning a very handsome loot on tho #Sge of the fender. Her face being turned away from tbe door by which I bad entered, I did not at first see her featured On my advancing into the middle of the room, however,,the foot was immediately withdrawn, and she turned round to accost toe, when, to my profound astonishment, I perceived that it was none other than my companion in the railway carriage. She betrayed no surprise at seeing me. Onthb contrary, ....., with , one of those, agreeable, joyous exipresaions that makes Vie plainest wpman appeat e- beautiful, Bho accosted me with: "I said wb should meet again." My bewilderment at that moment almost deprived' me of utterance. I knew of no railway of other means by which Bhe could have coine. I bid certainly left her in a London train, and had seen it start, and jthe only conceivable way iii which she could have come was by going to Peterborough, and then returning by, a. branch to A-——, a circuit of about ninety miles. As soon BB my surprise enabled me to speak, I said that I wished that I had come by the same conveyance as herself. .' "That would have been rather difficult," Bhe Tejoined. it this momont tbe servant came with the lamps, and informed me that his master had josf arrived, and would be down in a few minutes. The lady took up a book containing some ongravings, and having singled one out {a portrait of Lady A ), asked me to .look-at it well and tell her whether I thought ^tlike her. I was engaged tiring to get up an opinion when Mr. and Mrs. Kirkbeck entered, and; shaking mk heartily by tbe hand, apologized for not being at home to receive me; the gentleman ended by requesting me to take Mis. Kirkbeck in to dinner. , The lady of the house having taken my arm, we marched on. I certainly hesitated a moment to allow Mr. Kirkbsck to pass on first with the mysterious lady in black, bnt Mrs. Kirkbeck not seeming to understand it, we passed on at 'once; The dinner party consisting of us four only, we fell into our respective.places at the table without difficulty, the mistress and master of tbe house at the top and bottom, the lady in black arid myself oneachside. The dinner passedmuoh as is uaual on such occasions. I having to play the guest, directed my conversation principally, if not exclu. sivelv, to my host and hostess, and I can not oall to mind that I tor any one elso once addressed th^ lady opposite. Seeing this, and remembering something that looked like a 6Hght want of attention to her on coming into the dining- room, I at once concluded that she was the governess. I observed, however, that she made an excellent dinner; 6ho seemed to appreciate both the beef and the tart, as well as a glass of clarot afterward; probably sbe bad had no luncheon, or the journey bad given her an appetite. The dinner ended, the ladies reth^d, and after the usual port Mr. Kirkbeck and I joined them in the drawing-room. By this time, however, a much larger party bad assembled. Brothers and sistersin-law had come in from their residences in the neighborhood, and several children, with Miss Hardwick, their governess, were also introduced to me. I saw at once that my supposition as to the lady in black being the gorenisss was incorrect. After passing tbe time necessarily occupied iii compli menting the children, and spying something to .the different persons to whom I was.introduced, I found myself again in conversation with the lady' of the railway carriage, and as tho topic of tbe fvening had referred principally to portrait-painting, she continued tbe subject: " Do you think you could paint my portrait ? " the lady inquired. " Yes, I think I could, if I had tbe oppor-' tunity," " Now, look at my face well: do yon think yeu conld recollect my features ? " " Yes, I am sure I should never forgut your features." " Of course, I might have expected you to say that; but do you thuik you could do me from' recollection?" "Well, if it be necessary, I will try; but can't you give me any sittings ?" " No, quite impossible; it could not be. It is said that the print I showed to you before dinner like me ; do you think so?" "Not much," I rcpUed ; " it> has not your expression. If you cau give me only one sitting, it would be better than none." " No; I don't see how it conld be." The evening being by this time pretty far advanced, and the chamber candles being bronght in, on the plea of being rather tired, she shook mo heartily by the liand and wished me good-night. My mysterious acquaintance caused me no small pondering during the night. I had never been introduced to her; I had not seen her speak to any one during the entire evening—not even to wish them good-night. How sbe got across the country was au'inexplicable mystery. Then, why did she wish me to paint her from memory, and why could she not give me even one sitting ? Finding thedifficulties of the solution of these questions rather increased upon me, I made up my mind to defer further consideration of them till breakfast-time, when I supposed the matter would receive some elucidation. • The breakfast now came, but with it no lady _ black. The breakfast over, we went to church, came home to luncheon, and so on through the day, but still no lady, neither any reference to er. I then concluded that she must be some relative who had gone away eariy in the morning o visit another member of the family living close by. 1 was much puzzled, however, by no reference whatever being made to her, and finding no opporunity of leading any part of my conversation with tbe family toivard the subject, I went to lied he second night more puzzled than over. On the servant coming in iu the morning I ventured to ask Mm the name of the lady who dined at the table on Saturday evening, to which ho swered: " A lady, sir ? No lady—only Mrs. Kirkbeck, siif VYes, the lady who sat opposite me, dressed ii black ?" "Perhaps Miss Hardwick, the governess, sir?" " No, not Miss Hardwick ; she came down afterward." " No lady as I seo, sir." " Oh, dear me, yes! Tho lady dressed in black who was in tho drawing-room when "I arrived, before Mr. Kirkbeck came homo?" The man looked at me with surprise, as if lie doubted my sanity, and only answered: " I never e any ladyf sir," and then left: Tbe mystery now appeared more impenetrable tlian ever. I thought it over in every possible aspect, but could come to no conclusion upon it. Breakfast was early that morning, in order to allow of my catching the morning train to London. The same cause also slightly. hurried us, and allowed.no time for conversation beyond that having direct reference to the business that brought me there; -so, after arranging to return to paint the portraits on that day throe weeks, I made my adieus and took my departure for town. It is only necessary for me to refer to my second visit to the house in order to state that I was assured most positively, both ,by Mr. and Mrs. Kirkbgck, that no fourth person dined at the table on the Saturday evening m question, as they had debated whether they should ask Miss Hardwick, the' governess, to take the vacant seat, but bad decided not to do so; neither could they recall to mind any such person as I described in the whole circle of their acquaintances. Some weeks passed. It was close upon Cliristas. The light of a short winter day was drawing to a close, andl was seated at my table.writing letters for tbe evening post. My back was towards the folding doors leading into the room in which ly visitor* usually, waited. I had boon engaged ime minutes in writing, when, without bearing or seeing anything, I became aware that a person had come through .the folding-doors, and was" then standing beside.me. I turned, and beheld tho lady of the railway carriage. I suppose that my njanpor indicated that I was somewhat startled, IS' the lady, after tbe usual salutation, Baid : 1 Pardon me' for disturbing you. You did not hear me como in." Her manner, though it was more quiet and subdued than I had known it before, was hardly to be termed grave, much less sorrowful. There was a tiiatige; Irat it «ms 'that kind of change nuly which Way often be ibbterved from tho frank invasiveness of anintdligOTtyaunglady tothe ettmposure and eclf-posMSsion of that same yotmg lady wlion . she is cither betrothed or has recently become a jpatrou. She asked me Whether Ishad made any attempt at a likeness of her. l was obliged to confess that ! had pot. ..She regretted it much, as she wished one for her' father. She had brought an engraving (a'portrait of Lady M. A.) with her that she thought would assist me. It was like'the one'she hfcd nukel m? opinion upon in the house in Lincolnshire. It had always been considered very like her, and sho would leave it with me. Then (putting her band impressively on my arm) she added sbe " really would be most thankful and .grateful to me if I would do it." And, if I recollect rightly, she added : " as much depended on it." Seeing she jm» so much in earnest, I took up my sketch-book, and, by the dim light thfct wbb still remaining, began to Make a rapid pencil-sketch of her. On observing my doing so, however, instead of giving me what assistance she washable, she turned away, under the pretence of looking at .the pictures around the room, occasionally passing , from one .to another, «o as to .enable me to.oatch * momentary glimpse, of her features. In this manner I made two hurried tut rather, expressive sketches of her, which, being all that the declining light would allow me to do, I shut my book' and she prepared to leave. This time, instead of -the bsual "Good morning," she wished me an impressively • pronounced "-Goodibye," firmly holding, rather, than shaking, ,my band while sbe said it. I accompanied her to the dpor, outside of which she seemed rather to fade into the darknBss than' to. pass through it. But I referred this impression to my own fancy. I immediately inquired of the servant why. fhe baa not announced the visitor to me. She stated that she Was not aware there had been one, and thit any one who had entered must have done so when she had left tbe Btreet-door open, sbout half an hour previously, while Bhe went across the road for a moment. Soon after this occurred I had to fulfil an engagement at a house near Bosworth Field, in Lripestersbire. I left town on a Friday, having sent some pictures that were too large to take with me by the, luggage-train a week previously, in order that they might be at the house on my arrival, and occasion me no loss of tune in waiting for them. On getting to the home, however, I fornid that they had not been heard of, and, on inquiring at the station, it was stated that a case similar to' the one I described had passed through and gone on to Leicester, where it probably still was. It being Friday, and past the hcur of the post, there Was no possibility of getting a letter to Leicester before Monday morning, as the luggage office would be closed there on Suuday; consequently I could in no ease expect the arrival of the pictures before the succeeding Tuesday or Wednesday. The loss of three days would be a serious one; therefore, to avoid it, I suggested to my host that' I should leave immediately to transact some business in South Staffordshire, as I should be obliged to attend to it before my return to town; and if 1 eould see about it in the vacant interval thus thrown upoa my bands, it would be saving me tho same amount of time after my visit to 1ijb houso was concluded. This arrangement meeting witb bis ready assent, I hastened to tho Atherstone station on the Trent Valley Railway. By reference to Bradsbaw I found that my route lay through Liohfield, where I was to change carriages to S , in Staffordshire. I was just in time for tho train that would put me down at Lichfield at eight o'clock in the evening, and a train was announced to start from Lichfiield for S at ten minutes past eight o'clock, answering, as I concluded, to the train in whichl was about to travel. I therefere saw no reason to doubt that I should got to my journey's end the same night my arriving at Lichfield I found my plans 'en tirely frustrated. The train arrived punctually, and I got out, intending to wait on the platform for the arrival of the carriages for tbe other line. I found, however, though the two lines crossed at Lichfield, they did not communicate with each Other,.the -Lichfield Btation ou the Trent Valley line being on one side of tho town and tho Lichfield station on the South Staffordshire line pn' tbe other. I also found that there was not time to get to. the other station so as to catch the train tbe same evening; indeed, the train had just that moment passed on a lower level beneath mj feet, and to get to the other side of the town, where it would stop for two minutes only, was out of the question. There was, therefore, nothing for it but to put up at the Swan Hotel for the night. I have au especial dislike to passing an evening at an hotel in a country town. Dinner at such placcs I never take, as I had rather go without than have such as I am likely to get. Books are never to be had; the country newspapers do not interest me. Tbe Times I have spelled through in my journey. The societv I am likely to meet have few ideas in common with 4uyself. Under such circumstauces, I usually resort to a meat tea to while away the time, and " that is over occupy myself iu writing. This was the first time I had been in Lichfield, and while waiting for tho tea it occurred to mi how, on two occasions witliin the past six months, I had been on the point of coming to that very place, at one time to csecute a small commission for an old acquaintance, resident there, and another to get the materials for a picture I proposed painting of an incident in the early life of Doctor Johnson. I should have eome on each of these occasions bad not other arrangements diverted my purposo and caused me to postpone the journey indefinitely. The. thought, however, would occur to mo: "How strange! Here I am at Lichfield, by no intention of my own, though I have twice tried to get here and been balked." When I had done tea, I thought I might as well write to an acquaintance I bad known somo years previously, and who lived in the Cathedral-close, asking him to come and pass an hour or two with me. Accordingly I rang for the waitress, and asked: " Does Mr. Lute live in Lichfield ?" "Yes, sir." • " Cathedral-close ?" "Yes', sir." " Can I Bend a note to him ?" ' "Yes, sir." I wrote the note, saying where I was, and asking if he would come for an hour or two and talk over oldmatters. The note was taken: in about twenty minutes a person of gentlemanly appearance, and what might be tcrmod advanced middle age, entered tbe room with my noto in -his hand, saying that I bad sent him a letter, he presumed by mistake, as he did not know my name. Seeing iustantly that ho was not tho person I intended to write to, I apologised, and asked wlother there was not another Mr. Lute living in Lichfield. " No, there WRS none other." "Ccrtaiuly," I rejoined, " my friend must hav given me Ids right address, for £ had written bun on othor occasions here. Jlc was a fair young man; he succeeded to an estate in consequence of his uncle having been killed wliilo hunting with the Quorn hounds, and he marriod about t\v years since a lady of the name of Fairbaim." The 6tranger very composedly replied •• of Mr. Clyne; ho did live in now gone away." The stranger was right, and in my surprise I exclaimed: " Oh, dear ! to be sure that is the name; what could have made me.address you instead? I really .beg yonr pardon; my writing to you aud unconsciously guessing your name is one of the most extraordinary aud unaccountable things I ever did. Pray pardon mo." He continued very quietly: " There is no need of apology; it happens that you are tho very person 1 most wish to Bee. You. area painter, and I want you to paint a portrait of my daughter. Can you. come to my house immediately for the purpose ?" ' I was rather surprised at tiuding myself known., by bim, and the turn matters had taken was so entirely unexpected I did not at the moment feel inclined to undertake the business; I, therefore, explained how 1 was situated, stating'that I had only tho next day and Monday at my disposal. He, however, pressed me so earnestly that I arranged to' do what I could for-him in those two days; and having put up my baggage aud arranged other matters, I accompanied him to his bouse. During the walk home he scarcely spoke a word, but lua taciturnity seemed only a continuance ot his quiet composure at the inn, . On our arrival he introduced^ne to liis daughter Maria, and then left the room. Maria Lute was a fair and decidedly handsome girl of about fifteen ; her manner was, however, in advance of her yeare, and evinced that self- possession, and, in tbe favorable sense of the term, tlmt womanliness, that is only seen at such an early age in girls who have been.left motherlesB, or from other causes thrown much on their own resources. She had evidently not been informed of the purpose of my comijs^,. jd only knew that 1 was to stay lysoam.. When she returned, she^toldms'lliat f sbduld not seo her father; again that evening,-tbe . state of bis health having obliged him to retira.for . the night; but she hoped I should.be Hble to.see him some time on the morrow., In tbe meanUme, • she hoped I would make myself quite at hfmn, and call for anything I wanted. She hersial sitting in too drawing-room, but perhaps I should like to srfiSto and take something; if so, there'' was a fire in. the housekeeper's room and she would come and Bit with me, as she expected the medical attendant every minute, and he would, probably stay to smoke and take something. As . the little lady seemed to recommend tbisfeourse, I readily complied. I did not smoke or t&ke.anytiling; but sat down by the fire, when she inline- ' diately joined me. She conrerscd well andieadily, ; 'and with a command *of language eh^dLai- in a person so young. Without being disagreeably inquisitivc or putting any question to me, sgtrTseemi desirous of learning the business tbat hM'brought me to tbe honse. I told lier thal her lather wished me to paint either bet portrait, or that of - a Bister of hers, if she had one. MM • She remained silent and thoughtful lata - moment, aud' then seemed to comprehend it at once. She told me that a sister of hers, an only one, to whom her father was devotedly , attached, died near four imonUfi previously; that hefc father - had never yet recovered from tho shock of her death. He had fljten exprcssod the most earnest wish for a portrait<ef her; indeed, it was his one thought, and she hoped, if something of the kind could bs dono, it w$fld improve his health. Here ~ she hesitated, stammered, and buret into, tears. After a while she cwjfinued-: " It is no use hiding from you what you must very soon be aware of. Papa is insane—he has been so ever since dear Caroline was buried. He says he is always seeing dear, Carolina, and-he is subjoct to fearfnldelusions. The doctor says he cannot tell how much worse he may be, and that everything dangerous, like knives or razors, is to be kept out of "his reafeh. It was necessary you should not see him again tfcis evening, as he was unable to converse properly,' andl fear the same may be the case to-morroW; bnt perh&pB; you can stay over Sunday, andl may be able to assist you in doing what he wishes." I asked whether they bad any .materials tor making a likeness—« photograph, a sketch, or anything elso for me to go from. " No, they had nothing." " Could she describe her clfearly f " She thought she wuld, and there was a print that was verymucb like her, but she had mislaidit. imon. • tioned that with such disadvantages, and in suoh an absence of materials, I did not anticipate a very satisfactory result. 1 had painted portraits under such circumstances, but their success much deptnded upon the powers of description of |Uut persons who were to assist mo by their recollection; , in some instances 1 had attained a certain amount of success, but in most the result was quite a failure. The medical attendant came but I did not see him. I learned, however, that he ordered a strict wateh to be kept on his patient till he came again the next morning. Socing Hie state of tliuigs, and how much tho little lady had to attend to, I retired'early to bed. The next morning I heard that her father' was decidedly better; ho had inquired earnestly, on waking, whoffier I was really in the house, and at breakfast-time he sent dowu to say that he hoped , nothing'would , prevent my making an attempt at tbe portrait immediately, and he expected to be able to see me in tbe course of the day. Directly after breakfast I set to work, aided by such description as the sister could give me. I tried again and again, but without success, or, indeed, the least prospect of it. The features, I WaB told, were separately like, but the expression was, not. I toiled ou the greater part of the day, with no better result. The different studies I made were taken up to the invalid, but'the same answer was always returned—no reserablanoe. I had exerted myself to the utmost, and, in fact, was not a little fatigued by so doing—a circumstance thjt the little lady evidently noticed, as she expressed herself most grateful for the interest she could see I took in the matter, and, referred tho unsuccessful result entirely to her want of powers of description. She also 'said it was so provoking! Sh<j had a print—a portrait' of a lady that was so like—but it had gone; she had missed it from her book for three weeks past. It was the more disappointing as she was sure it would have been of great assistance I asked if she could tell me who the print was of—as, if I knew, I could easily procure one'in London. She answered, "Lady M. A." Immediately tho name was uttered tbe whole scene of the lady of the > railway carriage presented itsdf to me. I had my sketch-book in my portmanteau up-stairs, and, bv a fortunate chance, fixed in it was — the — print print in in question, with tbe two pencil sketches. I instantly brought them down and showed them to Maria Lute. She looked at them for a moment, turned her eyes full upon me, and said slowly and with something ef fear in her manner : " Where did yon got these ? " Then quicker, and without waiting for my answer: "Let me take them instantly to papa." She was away ten minutes or more. When sbe returned her father oame with her. He did not wait for salutations, but said, in a tone and manner I had not observed in Iii™ he. fore : " I was right all the time ; it was you that I saw with her, and these sketches are from her and--from no one else. I value them more than all my possessions, except this dear child," Tho daughter also assured me that the print I had brought to the house must be the one taken from the house about three weAks before; in proof of wiiicb sbe pointed out to me tho gum marks at the back, which exactly corresponded with those left on tho blank leaf. From the moment the father saw these sketches his mental health returned. I was not allowed to touch either of the pencil drawings in the sketch-book, as it was feared I- might injure them; but an oil picture from them was commenced immediately, the father sitting by me hour after hour, directing my touches, conversing rationally, and indeed cheerfully, while he did so. He avoided direct reference to liis delusion, but from time to time led the conversation to the manner in which I had originally obtained the sketches. The doctor came in the evening, and after extolling the particular treatment he had adopted, pronounced his patient decidedly, aud he believed permanently, improved. Tho next day being Sunday, we all went to church; the father for the first time since his bereavement. During a walk which he tosk witb ino after -luncheon lie again approached the subject of the sketches, and after some seeming hesitation as to whether bo should confide in me or ' not," he said : " Your writing to me by name froft the inn at Lichfield was one of those inexplicable circumstances' that I suppose it is impossible to clear up. I knew you, however, directly I saw . When those about me considered my intelwas disordered, and that I spoke incoherently, •as only because I saw things that they did not. Since her .death i know, with a certainty that nothing will ever disturb, that.at different, times 1 have bcoiriu the actual and visible presenoe of my daughter who is gone—oftener, indoed, just after her death than latterly. Of tho many, times that this lias,, occurred,, I distinctly remember oivoo seeing her in a riilwqy-carriage', speaking to a - person sitting opposite; who that person waii I could not ascertain,'as my position seemtd to ho' immediately behind him. I next saw her at a inner-table, with others; and among those others, ' nquestionably, I saw yourself. I afterward earned that at that time I was considered to.be in ne of my longest and most violent paroxysms, as . continuod to see.her speokiug to you, in the> idst of a-largo assembly,, for some hours. Again, saw her standing by "your side, while you werengaged either iu writing or drawing. I saw her nce again afterward, but the next time I saw you as in tho inn parlor."'•*. Tta picture was prooeeded with* the next day, id ou the day after tbe lace was completed, and I fterward brought it with; me to London to finish. I Mvo often seen Mr. L, since -that, period. His ealth is perfectly re-established, and his manner and cehversation are as. cheerful as can be expected within a few years Of so great a bereavement The portrait now hangs in lus bed-room, with tho print and the two sketches by the side, and written beneath is : " O.L., 13th September, 1858, aged twenty-two.!' . t It may be remarked, for the eomfort of honesty poverty, that avarice reigns most in those who have but few good qualities to recommend them. This is a weed that will grow on barren soil.—Ruyhes. ^ A short time ago, while getting out stone iu his quarry a mile south of Kokomo, Ind., George W. Defcn bough split a massive dab and found embedded in the solid rock a lizard 