.. TRUE GBDŚT ^STORIES. The two ghns't stones tnli • (saye tbe Iiondnn correspondent of the Imerpool Mercury) hy our most eminent au»tumist are as ru mantle in ttieir way ar any tóidb> tbe Psychological Society. When hardly more than a lad at Lancaster, the future defender of vivisection wae studying for the medical profession, he had a horror of the ghastly details uf the business, whicu he imagined he could never overcome, lie was cured, strange to say, by a fright. Having to take some mediciue un a windy night to Lancaster Castle, he had to pasa through the room in whicn be had taken part in the dissections. Just as he entered the room with a basket of medicine under his arm, the. clouds which hid the muon suddenly parted, a door slammed, and looking up, the foture biologist eaw what he thought was an enormous figure io white, with armu outstretched, looking down upon him. He turned aruund trembling, and against the wall opposite stood another figure in white. He dropped hiB basket and ran. The patients in Lancaster Cattle got no medicine that sigbt. But when he returned next and found that he had been frightened by mortuary sheets, he braced'his nerves np :: so that he was soon collecting ekolls. He made a find, but for a longtime he could uut get an Ethiopian skull. At last a negro died in Lancaster Castle, and the young doctor got permission to have his bead. It was again a windy night when the -operation of removing, the bead was determined upon. But habited in hi6 long oloak, then the fashion, and provided with a blue bag, tbe comparative anatomist soon had the. head stowed away. As he left the room in which the coffin lay, however, the wind dammed the j door, caught bis cloak, and nearly threw ; him npon his faoe. Attempting to re- - cover himself he JoBt hie h-ild of the bag, the head fell out. r-dled with increasing velocity down a flight of «teps, aoro«" & courtyard, and settled itself upon thr neck, with one eye open and tbe otbrr shot, in a room wheie two wonv shrieked. The professor lushed wiir'jjj after it; to k no notice tif ' the women, seized the tkiiil, put it iu hit, bag again, and xan from the Castle. four or five years afterwards be waa "atte nding a dying woman, who called ioodiy for a clergyman, to whom she had som<thing to till. The doctor begg ^d her to tell him, as uo clergymen V.<HB near •nough to be called in-tuue- i.i leugth she spoke. " Oh, sir, I had », husband, who was a negro, «ud, 1 fesr, A bad man. He died, sir, in Lancaster 'C Jastle ; aud, oh 1 air, I was standing onr >. .day in the rooms when my hue band's b ead came out of the floor, and eeemed to ask me to help him. And then sirt th« devil c^me through tbe dour, sna'xhed up tbe head, put it in a has;, and disappeared before I conld do r*nything. And I have never done any tiling. Oh, sir, what can I do for my po'jr hnaband't sonl ?" FŁORILIKB—FOŁ THE TEETH AXII BHEETH —A tew drops of the iiauid "Floxildine sprinkled on a toothbrush, produces a pleasant lather, which thoroughly cleasEes the taeth fromiill parasites or impnritieE, the gums, prevents tartar, stops decay, give totfce teeth a peculiarpeaiij- whiteness, and a delightful fzagranee to the bxea&i.; Jt removee all unpleasant odour B.-riBrnjrr from decayed teeth ortobacoo smoke, "The Flagrant Forid line," bung composed in part of honey and eweet herbs, is delicious to the taste, and the greateet toilet discovery of the age. Prioe 2e6a of all Cliemicts fuid Perfumers, "Włiolsałe depot removed to S3 Famngtloij Road London. TBE SUŁAJTGEH IK LOKIIOK. -—'That the Great City will ere long be hardly recognisable by its iormer denizens, all the wodd has heard. The visitor passing up ^he Thames now finSf his eye gratified by the many edifices xeoezitly erected. As be reaches the famous Victoria £mbankmant, there zisee over him on the right hand tiie Timet office, and on Ibeiettiiand the new tower-crowned works of Weruffi. JAKISE £FFS &Co.;, noth phases of Italian architecture. It maybeBBidthht these two bnilflingg exe tT-jH^E of tile far reaching busideaE of the nineteenth oentury, far it has resulted lErom encn means that these two establishments have brought themselves to the fore, and that che aminal issue of whirŁ has esme to be estimated by T^.'nirmL During the last year, the m mber at «opiee of the 'J ina i£ estimated at Its,276,000, white the number o£ packets of Eprs's COCOA. cent off in the same period is computed «t 14,748,688. The latter is a large total, when it if borne in mind that in 163U the consmepiacn of Cocoa throaghoot the whole kingdom was but 425,38;/ lbs., there -them «rifflhiĘ n-o preparation of it such as this, which by -&ie; pjftipi* sdditaon of boiling water -wonld yLelc*. pslatabls driak. Truly time may be ssaa -to work many changes. 