MBS. CABNEGEE'S HUSBAND.* Br A. C., AUTHOR OP " THE THESE MISS KIKGS," ic. CHAPTKB IX. LIFE'S FITFUL FEVER. The blow to Hester wasa very heavy one. It was, indeed, a fatal one, though no one guessed that atthe time. It struck so sharply and suddenly as to shake the delicate mental! equilibrium that was so easy to upset and so difficult to restore; and every time this hap pened the consequences were mote serious and irremediable. She had never recovered from the shock of her lover's desertion, the; effects of which, though it had occurred lone before, culminated in.the crisis on board ship which Mary had helped ha to tide over: but she had believed herself recovering, ana that she would certainly recover, in the be loved companionship of her children, and the interests of a new life in a new. world apart from him. And now all her efforts were in vain--her efforts to forget him aud to live without him, which hod been the hardest work, and the most conscientiously done of aiiy she had ever undertaken. She eat by his side on the sofa, in Mary's drawingroom, answering his questions mechanically-tell ing him what she bad written and what she was writing, aud so on-despairingly con scious that In her Jife-long struggle with fate and circumstance she wasbeing worsted once more, and that she should,never have heart or strength to go on with it Robert did not know ill this, of course. Weak creature as she was, she was not so weak as to betray herself to him;, and, even bad she been, his attention was so much oc cupied with other matters that lie probably would not have understood it He was in terested to meet her again, and on this event ful day. and to discover that she had mys teriously become acquainted witlj his wife; and he thought she was looking very delicate, and was grieved to hear that she still suffered from neuralgia. Mrs. Aylmer had told him that she was married and had lfft England with her husband for one of the colonies; all the test of her history, since he bad seen .her last, was unknown to him. Therefore he asked her a good many questions, and she made shift to answer them all. But, though she answered the&i; truthfully, she diid not tell him the real story of those latter years. It was sadder fhan anyone knew of, except Mary Carnegie; and even she could not gauge the effect, of given cir cumstances upon a nature 30 different from her own. People with soqod digestions ought to be always having a gpod time, as I read in a book the other dayj; if they, have ant? Headed by that psasatSRaraptSLit thlmCOftf8«ntUiJioVf i51®1**6 **A brain. To SSffisspastfw? they m^|^etenoe' howevet Vmpathetic valescing from brain lever and «n*in»i» the acquaintance o£ the world and Robert Stan f®Whet w«8 suddenly confronted with the rn£L!5 4 J at Venon "W" engaged to be ^!i u 40 *er' Beater's beat and pernaps only chance of overcoming and out eJ tendencies was taken nT?J;/i»fP uer* . 6 already nursed and IS »nto * state of physical and n. f and brightness that gave her' ^ S11' e »«ht direction, by the mere t^"«i pplying h?r w>th an, object for the ?- 1 exe?f?.8e °* h« enthusiasm s and had he been willing and able he might have oorne her or resting in hie care, and strength, n£.,the satiafaction of her needs in him until she was placed beyond the reach of any more serious relapses. He would have been a bulwark between her and the assaults of untoward circumstance, and the looser she was at peace within it the more secure ahe would have been in her own power to with ?»A disturbance. Natnie, ^with her inde structible .vigour and vitality is continually mending and patching herself in this war, as we all can see., But nature, "so careless of the single life," oegan thisi°b, and abandoned it; and, l?lr«» alt unfinished jobs, it would have been better leu alone. Fate BQmmoned Robert Stan hope to his ancle's death-bed, and made him listen to his uncle's will ; and then fate pre sented him to that beautiful distant cousin, and tantalised and tempted him; and love interposed unexpectedly, but irresistibly, and settled tne matter. The man, when he was not looking for it, found his pearl of1 great price, and sold all that he hsd to buy it 77-and no blame to him either; and the PJ®' htile thing," whom he had ** liked awfully, had to do the best she could with out him. Another girl might have managed to make 6 . ®omehow, But her powers were not equal to such feats. She ran down like a clock with a broken mainspring, and there was an end to it, and to aIJ prospect of a We <w a merry one for her. Her one little investment, which might have made ner fortune, turned out a failure, and left ner with neither capital nor enterprise for n?(ire\ The latest story lay in her Hwafc unnnished; the thread was dropped, the meaning was lost, the vivid creations of her j imagination were dissolved. like pictures in a picture gallery when daylight is gone. " Dearest mother," she wrote to the ex curate s wife, " may I come home to you for a little while? I am not well, and. though I try my best I cannot do my work properly and teach the children as I ought, and I am so afraid of getting really ill and becoming a burden and trouble to the Aylmera. I think I should get all right if I could stay with you for a few months, without having to tmrh. I would make myself very useful. I could take baby off your hands, nnH gew, and do the cooking, and save you and auntie in many ways; and 1 don't think there would be any trouble in getting another situation, for Mrs. Aylmer would recommend me. The quarter is up next week ; may 1 leave and come home- only for just a little while-and be with you until 1 feel strong again f " Dearest child," the mother wrote back by return of post, " I amso grieved to hear that you are not well Have you told Mrs. Aylmer how you feel ? If not, do soat once, and, if she advises it, go and see Dr. Gregory, and then write to me what he saya. But do not think of coming home unless there is real necessity for it You know 1 would love to have you, my darling, but you are better off where you are, believe me, and more o«rta.in of having all you want if you are ailing. Anfl where would yon find such another situation? Poor Beatrice is being treated Jike a servant never asked dp wnstairs tohavea meal with the family-and .we have been looking for Some thing for Liezie a long time, all in vain. Teddy has sprained his ankle, and baby's i teeth make him very cross. Uncle John does not seem inclined to take Jack | into his office, though he gave us each hopes about it; and poor papa is neatly worried by some of the old creditors who will not wait to give him time to turn round," &c.; So Hester did not go home. She stayed and struggled on, and tried to teach her pupils, and to bear the torture of their everlasting questions and promiscuous Ul-humours and misdirected activities ; while every night she slept less and had worse dreams, and every day went more and more to pieces, as ft natural consequence, and very soon the old ghosts, that were thought .to have vanished, came back; and they pattered audibly at her heels when she walked in dark places, and opened her door at night when Bhe had locked and barred it, and flattened their noses against the windowpane* at dusk, looking at her with eyes that* meet ing hers, made the blood curdle at her heart; and ho prayers, no spells ot holy church, would " lay" them. One day, on returning from afternoon service, she was sent up stairs to the drawingroom for a book. The servants had not lighted the lamps and candles in that apartment, but the blinds were up, and a lovely, broad moonlight was pouring in. There was nothing there to frighten a baby-^only a strange cat sitting on the: window- sill s but it had the strange oat's ordinary eerie expression of alarmed cariosity as it stretched its-head a little to discover the cause of the sound and movement within, and itsuggestedthe cat that watched JudgePyncheon in tbeHouaeof the Seven Gables, when he s&t; all night dead in his armchair. Why it should have done so, and why it should have mattered if it did, neither Bhe nor anyone could have ex plained ; but the effect was such as, perhaps, a sufferer from delirium tremens may be dimly able to pictnre to himself. £he uttered a sharp and ringing shriek, and another, and another-in abort, she let herself go, as ahe bad been on the point of doing several times before. The household was thrown into a state of the utmost consternation; Dr. Gregory was sent for; Mrs. Aylmer wrote letters. And then the good woman, who had been so kind and generous, bethought her that her first care must be for her own chil dren ; and Hester was gently conveyed home and advised to stay with her mother. The mother, when there was no longer any choice in the matter, received her daughter with open arms. And the girl, who was on the high road to the mad- house, and qewly and overwhelmingly conscious of the fact, was thrown into the shabby, noisy/fretftal, careworn household-the home she longed for, yet which seemed the worst plaoe she could go to-and there left, to all intents and Eurposes, to shift for herself.:- fiat chance, i this instance, unexpectedly latonwd bet, -if W-beimr hiuu ..Jj??' hundred dentk. -?-.* «"u wwiaiMd she ootid escape Bach a fate. So she set hereelf to live and to keep het reason, with the courage that is given m in great emer«nciea,thg courage ot sheer desperation; and her efforts were not unsuccessful The conditions of home life, aggravating as they were to dig. ordered nerves, had a wholesome effect upon the whole., Themelation of hardship £ her mother's lot, in her poor old- maid aunt's, in Beatrice'#, in Jack's 4 the Bufferings of Teddy and the teething; baby, th e burdens of the harassed .. father, the incessant and multifarious wall to and woes crying out to her from all sides-theae things toe* her out of herself, which was of all things the heat that ootild happen to her. Sue " turned to" to help -her family in that troubles, andin lightenm* tw. '" . f- -- wmctt aoie to write again, being flioved thereto in order to help her father to pay his debts. What would women .do if they could not devote them selves to other people a service when they no longer have inspiring interesta of their ownl She did not oareforfame now-at least Bhe thought she did not-but Bhe felt that it would be a glorious thing to give a little peaoe and pleasure to the out man who had never had any within her recollection. And she set her self with determination to procure it, work. iBJEwittl fifl mn«K "**' iqq -"-wDg Mi per tacuiuea to the task. Perhaps adesite to show Mr, Stanhope what she could do helped to strengthen her grasp of subjects ana to give brilliance to her style of treatiir them; bu^that waa not the motive of _ IUUUTCV1 me tort nor the secret of her saccesa For bun was very successful-for the time. The Bpuit was vigorous while it lasted, and the result was correspondingly substantial. She was able to aatirfjy the Old-standing creditors and to Bee her lather to a fair way t* enjoy the: comforts of his little benefice: and she had the satisfaction of proving to herself that her ffiind stall kept a reserve of strength that she tnight call upon in times of need Then she flageed again. Winter came, with colds and coughs^ fogs and dm-imPM days anddiflmal windy flights; and neuralgia poor food apA ^^w^^perat&i;*0wereW8t^ from force «I o1d habit, invariably main tained, tfha ofwhichnolsy children, unable to play out of doors,inade a. pandemonium and bear-garden. And so she took a turn in the wrong direction, and, having done so, went downhill with her cUBtomary rapidity; and she had a fair prospect of collapsing in a Short time, simply from the want of any adequate inducement to save herself. Bnt here "Mr. Elliston came in. fie Wasth'e .younger eon of one of her father's parishioners, who had half a dozen of them to provide for ; a tall, good-looking, shal low-minded, self- opinionated young Mow, much admired in bis own circle, and a fa vourite with die village maidens round about. He had not long come homefrom Ireland, where he had been propping the declining yean of a bachelor godfather, bringing a legacy of five hundred pounds in his pocket: and " this iortune appearing to him sufficient for any enterprise/he had made up his mind to go and settle in Australia, whither a coosin had preceded him to an apparently prosperous career. Before he went he indulged in a round of rani, dissipations - tea- partiea, penny readings, church decorations, and so on; in whicn gaietieB Hester moderately joined. And for some reason that 1 don't attempt to account for, he fell in love with the vicak's pale-young daughter, and took it into his head that ne would like to marrjr her. Nobody was more surprised than aba and nobody could have been more shocked at the notion than she was when be first presented It to her-which was on ChriBtmiui Eve, when they were to gether engaged by the dim light 01 candles and lanterns intwiBting wreatha But be was an impenuras person, ukuhvw, to QJs own way: and she was a creature of wavering impulses, tossed to and fro by every wind that blew; and within 24 hoots «he was pereuaded to "think it over," and before the week was out accepted him. If she did not do it, she asked herselL what else was she to do ? She would simply sink and die, or Worse. By marrying him she would haveduties given her, and a distinct object in life: she wonld surround hereelf with safeguards, she would protect herself from penis and dangers of all sorts and kinds. As Mrs. Elliston, of course, she wonld never think anything more of Mr. Stanhope-she could not; that would be oat of the question. And, her home being on the other side .of the world, she would be un disturbed by the prppinquity of that person, ana thedistracting'possibility of witnessing her rival's bliss. She would love, honour, and obey her husband-all wijes that were not abandoned wretches did that, she be lieved, by virtue of their solemn promise to do it: and, as be was so good as to care for her, she would devote herself to him abso lutely, body snd soul Imagination, once set to work, clothed him with every virtue under the sun, and shed a glow of romantic beauty ovef (he "prospect he had laid before her. In a new country Bhe might begin a new life, fihakingpffand leaving behind her all the burdens that oppressed her now; she would refresh and rejuvenate herself in the delights of travel: she would recover her health in the entire change of scene ana circumstance; She would have fresh energy to write, and so much to write about; ene would nave children probably - sweetest hope of all f-and she might work for ber children, and live Jor them, and become famous fojc them, and. give them the happ? opportunities that had been denied to Her self, and so find at last, if not ber ideal, at least a purpose that would give dignity ana value to lite.' So she accepted Charles Elliston. Bat first* as in duty bound, she told Aim story, every word of it; and (for the telling of it caused a temporary but violent re4®"?"' was in hopes that the discovery of her blighted affections would provoke hi:0 change his mind and jgive ber up. o f, though he did not like it, he behaved very well and even magnanimously, tor® markably vain and selfish 1man; he kusea ber forgivingly, accepted ber ®onsc"sn assurance that it was Ch^nk no and proposed that they ^shouldth. more about it. He was noti to be temp ^ben this way to give her up. It was ) ^ she seemed reluctant to ^"7 t^at he tw .wl" " ooW with &**»«? lflfcMhtt* hHlf bia , fny wiirripri li^ idragitSVsw"-^: X ^Stirne, and bode Jiheto Gfefln mu&3> W./^ra and embiwaft, toadly lmarinS^j $»t they H every faai'py J^aaibxllt^ Beforti ^-he bad been ihtxiM^wmtek^Weatl^ to the horrot'of What-Bhehad d^ne.l fd thenselessnessof itJ'gftij/£« httsbfiftflj She ff« n«d not 88 f?tac* fca5? !jt>ai»^bito ^Iw her fate before her in a^V Ua?"*M* ,moc£e;, ®'-SWWyie' ffi* And when she lookedherJattim &h; cliffs, the country where, ^j <iihenow Xj4d, «ll that IJiM Biid eaw fcettelftorn^ifr^aa pother world, where Shd^nld -bg-'Tfrfrrie fwtfMffBM of terror: and' 'daftttiif that wag' mcmovewhe!mm<? tha£*rfythibg feJie bad' mew'otisly erpfcnenced/^TheWshd Wftfff and' Mods; and then Wniy <^wie^6^fouhd' L-ind then agaJh, with >thl^good'fHtndV Ljgtonce, 6he made ehiftjto Letup ZTg water uatil the crlBia waapint.^ To' my certainly belonged $hd W6dtt Bf tofcuf in»t $r immediate safety, > unt- Axiothfit-ipovyep! gw that was stronger thanslie, to maintaia' die advantage wort-^theqonty; powei t!iatr #astesteain yet-bypfohfetfcaj, '%hoself Me hpnds mightlerthan; Salb^n'fts lie pHlIeS ddwtt'.ifefe'T'fitll&s;'Jtf* the? feifrfe AW br tWotfo i^tfy , jura the mother Wa» <i Hiii tbegho&tt; of oId"day*( ctmeJMitidtoer ted to look at Jwr't bttt%s*et< Bin^ she had J feeitJeftin peace.' tote Tata&'ittw*b6tu! i t«4 she bed' liad «oHsoistfeih- ^n«t v rtltlL-i wrffled and fed and ftheltewi foyh^'babt«»ni] Mii'teentytottj'<> ^n-s wit mh .-, fl 