"THE CORSICAN BROTHERS." :»' "tot Iliad over tho TmnTV years ago x..o ... latest novel , of . Alexandre' Dumas, fils. Without tho delicate flavour of indecency ot which La Danu aiut Camclla won a rovela- non, rue plot was so startling, tho charac ters flo original:, and tho loading motive no ftowarful tflat tl"! bppfc froitl I its publication lletamo thetago. Edition after cditlort wak sold, and in lesa, than threo iriontha the hqd bqoii adajifod for the stage, and Fechtor with ,a, powerful company was a&s;' JS, i. houses .nightly to .the Atriblgu,. The book Was Lei PreriM Corta. ife r' th P,1J: hari bec'omo ' English-speaking playgoers as .The Coraican Brothora." Tho play has . boon perhaps tho mnaf-. eimnaonPni draua of tho ninetoenth;oontury! TA long"; lincipf ouunont actors, from ClirlisKoan -tssts'5ri!i'.rs»as 8"me the dual rdle of Fablon and wiT 'j1 I,ondon <,otfeed t® tho Lyceum as it tno drama were tho new work of a second oba&espearo.; : '|t,r. „nThp„p'ot in. ossontlally dmtnatiol ' Lonlo' i6?, eo ?ranohi nr0 twin brothers," umted at birth m tho samo manner as tho' S.-T w ,5s' th.9 "oalpol oreates a so'voii' Un Jrith?®t destroying tho mysterions link which unitoa their natures. Through out life tho brothers experience the sdriM' sensations, ' tho thoughts' of oho are instan taneously reflected, in the mind of tha other, and pleairaro or pain, exoltement.or depression, aro' experienced by eabh' at'the same moment; When Louis, theroforo, folia in love with tho danghtor of a visitor, the same sentiment Is atoused immediately in the breast of Fableh, and It is only by a : trcmBoaous euors or Beir-sacriUoe that he is able to .controlvh|a passion ond.tO'altow liouio tb | foUOw bis Jnnamorata>) Paris, only to find that Hmilio has become the wifq of .thq Admirpl do TEparrq.! , JThiil idy the state of affairs when the play opens at the anceBtral homo of .tho Dei Fronchis. Hero wo are inf rodficed to M. Do Meynard, a Parisian tmvplling tbropgh Corsica, to Madame dol Franohi, ' and to Ibien.; ' Flu bion is depressed and gloomy, and labours under an uneasy feeling that something dob happened- to hio>, brother, .wbioh' evep Meyhara's asanrancea that ho left him safo and f sottnd .cannot' shako t oJL' Bfcilp" thb naturay sunny, nature of . tho mdn Anoblca': him to, mqafcer t his emotion, . and > hp is al ways tbo polite beat, :the dutiful son,: tp proud and honourable Coraican, At times,' notably at the tablo and during tho; rccbu-' oiliation of the Vendetta between the; Or-' land! and the Colonna, hois laltnosb goy, and his natural humour breaks out like a flash of sunlight This goes on until nfght, whenchio mother 'and Mpynard having re-, tired, bo gives fijeo Vent to hiB foaro, omew Qriffo'to saddlo a h'orsu instantly, and sits down to write a letter to his brother. Whllo ho 13 writing tho palo forih of Louis slowly -rises, dressed in duelling costume and with, a crimson stain on his wblto ohirt, and as Fabien and his mother. niarinca oy niscry or iiortor, sine on' their knees /a vision Is. dimly outlined and tho dead foriii1 of fjptiis Ib seen, sup ported by his seconds, while his antagonist slowly wipes tho blood from Ills rapier. t Tbo -second act takes placo simultane ously, We aro at1 Paris during an opera balL Tho interior of tho theatre is seen, crowded with 'masquers ; a flowOr girl rubs from cusictnor to customer soiling her bouquets i : people aro' dancing, chatting, flirting, iand tho band is playing tho waltzes , of Strauss and Offenbach. In tho midst of : tho revolry wo moot Louis,. end at heart, having comb to seek for Emilie; ' who has fallen under tho spellbf the lady-killer and duellist, Chateau Renaud. Here, also, are Montgiron, Martelli, Beauobamp, and other. :gny young eparks, who have in proBpecfc a; supper at. tho houso of the flratnainbd>- wbcro tho kisaea of the ohompagno'bottlo: and the frailer sex are pretty evenly dis-i . tributeds Chateau Renaud joins tho group,! and in reply to a remark in connection with; his peputed conquest. overEmilib l'Eapdrro8' heart, lays a -wager that hq will bring' her- to anpper, :LouiSi who overheai's the hot,' immediately agrees to he present. Later on. Chateau Renaud induces Eroilie to ao- cpmpany hiih to;: Montgiron's house oh the" promise of returning her some compromis ing letters. The'nexfc scpno iB the supper room, tho eatraHco of Emilie as the clock -.strikes four, .her indignant: and passionate declaration of her motives, and her appeal to Louis, who is challenged by Chateau Renaud. Then': follows "the - tableau" of; Louis death with tho vision of Fabien and his motner looking, horror-struck at the .tragedy. ; The finale ooiheB rapidly, Act III. sbowa tno wood of Fontainobleau during a snow storm, the bare trees clothed with enow, and the winter euriset dying but, beyond the black trunks. Chateau Renaud is fly ing from justice, his carriage breaks down/ npd while he and Montgiron aro fretting oyer tho delay, the: impassive form 0f Fabien appears qb the avenger .of his brother. Ho forces a duel on Renaud, and tho two antagonists fight until tho French man's swoidi8 broken. Tho dual in over," exclairos Montgiron. ' Not sq," ;ropliea Fabien, and breaking hio blade.ricrbss bis knee the combat is resumcdi - A-:shorfc struggle, a slip, and the knifo is buried in Chateau Renaud's heart. Thoh again the ghost of Lonis appears, and as the agonised cry goes up "My brother, I can weep for you now," tho curtain falls, ' 