rnms. f The Sealskin Mantle* Br Eioiv Boldbbwood. Chapter XXIX. Thus they glided along the murmuring tide of the river, day and night. A lotus-eating existence was theirs — a dream-like unreal round of sflent joys, as each realised to the full the voluptuous enjoyment of the.trne, unbroken, tropical weather. In the hotter time of the day the silence was intense— all were perforce unable to read, converse, or even think connectedly— nothing was possible but to dream away the lingering hours. But the night— the glorious season of rest and stillness which every Eastern bud has celebrated in-«ong— was wpat - to repay the travellers for the ennui and endurance of the day. The stars shone with supernal1 brilliancy, uu known in northern climes j- large, lustrous* qbivering, burn ing, they gleamed and shimmered In the dark blue heavens ' like ' patines of pure gold ;' lines of gem-strewed light seemed showered upon the luminous waters -Jf the great 1 river, on whose bosom they floated so noiselessly and swift, j Ever and anon the solemn outline of a rock-hewn tdnple arose out of the 'lone yet be- legended waste' — '» Voiceless, but ol empire telling, And the lore of ages dim.' The whole party seemed to feel as if fhey were under the influence of a spell, and were gliding through this mys terious desert, by temple and tower and town, in obedience to the summons of an enchanter. ' We are living the life of the ' Arabian Nights,'' said Isabel, as 6he ~woke from a dav dream. 'If we eo far enough we shall meet the Caliph Haroun El Raschid face to face, with the Grand Vizier, the Barmecide, and all the rest of them. What a pity that nearly all the inhabitants of the kingdom of Bomanoe should have died out.- We must try and discover some, though, before we return to the land of Reality.' * ' I am not sure that we may not meet too many of the dwellers in that land you so much regret before our travel* conclude,1' said Ailerton. ' I trust they may prove satis factory acquaintances.' 'They will be better than the dead-and- alive dawdlers of everyday life,' said the impetuous Isabel. ' I don't object to a spice, or rather a good strong flavour of danger. I do so thirstfor adventure. If I had been a man in the middle ages, I should have been a free companion, or some thing of that sort, I know I should.' ' You seem bent on emulating the goddess Diana,' said Ailerton, 41 who, we have it on Mr. Swiveller's authority, 'calls aloud for the chase.' As I stud before, I hope all will end well, in case we have anything more than ordinary Nile voyaging to deal with,' 'Nowyou arelaughing at me,' said -the girl pouting. , ' If any real danger comes, you will see whether J am in earliest or not.' i ? Ailerton smiled at this petulance of thecapricioua spoiled beauty. He made a_ jesting apology as he turned away; but in reality he was senouBly trpubled in mind as to the probable safety of the party. . If this insurrection spread, aB it showed every appearance of doing, in addition to all Upper Eg} pt becoming unsafe, the, ordinary desert routes would be hostile country, full of marauders, as merciless as swift-footed; bands difficult to elude, and impossible to escape from by flight. Whichever way he considered the ! situation the outlook was gloomy. 'v i Nothing appeared, however, to be more safe for the present than to continue their voyage, with as little deviation ; from the original programme as possible, trusting to the j doctrine of chances for their final extrication. l So fared they on, with little.change of scene or occupa,- I tion, till, passing Koroako and Dirv, they approached Wady Haifa, about five miles south of the Second Cataract, nine days after their departure from Philse. . It was decided to explore the wonderful rock-palaces of Ipsamboul, on the northern, side of Wady Haifa. Mr. Baldhill was at. first aiBposea to oDjecc, oontenaing tnat tney naa seen , rocks, temples, pyramids and stphies in sufficient quantity to last reasonable persons for the terms of their natural lives. But Ailerton urged that these were exceptional. Time was at present no object to them ; jthey might as well make the j best use of it. He was supported by Isabel and Marguerite, ; and lees decidedly by Mrs. Baldhill and Marie. So the amendment was carried. They had sailed for hours through a country quite level on the eastern bank, when a ragged mountain rose suddenly from the river shore, with ovenranging summits reflected in the stream, The Fatima was moored under a «mnahi»ifr. Accompanied by h&lf-a-dozeh; of the crew, they approached the isolated and stupendous rock. ' What do we want with torches? 'enquired! Babel. 'Do you wish to explore the halls of endless night and I do not know what Tartarean regions without a light F' skid Ailerton, ' Wait till we go a utile further.' - Here the' daring genius of JEthiopean architecture has entered into rivalry withnature's greatness, and found her material in the very mountains that -seemed to bid defianoe to her efforts. . - 'On the face. of the vertical cliff a recess !b excavated to the extent of a hundred feet in width; , From this , four gigantic figures et&nd; out fn bold relief. Between the two central colossi a lofty doorway opens into a vast hall sup ported by square pillars each the size of a tower and covered with hieroglyphics^ The colours of the paint still faintly I glimmers. The historic figures carved on the walls under 1 thb uncertain glare of the torches seemed to . move and become instinct with life.' T'Whowas thiBfexriple dedicated to f*r asked Isabel, in an -awestricken whisper. , ?' To Hathor, whowas the guardian goddess: bf, Ipsam boul; where she ifezepresbntednnder the form of the * Sacred CMw.*' Thb great temple is excavated from a higher rock abput fifty yards&stant.; Betweenthbm a ravine onoe ran . to 'the river, but' it fs now filled with Band.' Wading kboriously through ' this - tt^ reacbied 'the fomple of V Here again a spaoe of a hundred feetf is hewn from the ' mounts m, smooth with the exception of the flgures in relievo; Along the sumxtit is^alongfriezeOf smallinonkeys. Then succeeds a line of hieroglyphics and some indistinct figures. Then four colossal statues appecr ss if gSKfttilig theportaL They are seated upon tlmmas cut, like t^ieir own huge forms, , from 'the living iftck. Onp admiiably^cat statue is perifect. The sdoond 16 defaced as far as the raee. - One lias but the 'faoe and neck i^bove tive desert sand. Another is buri^ in'fiand to the waist. The doorway between the central statues ia^armounted by a statue of law wearing themoon as aiurban.'* *? The travellers, upon entering, foand themselves in a. temple, apparently — ^but fora few daya* work— in the state in which it was left, jnst finiifed,- three thousand years ago. ' The dry climate and solitude havti preserved even ite most delicate details &om; Mjni^. Thedetert was even fovour able to it, hermetically sealing up its secrets for Centuries upon centuries nntfl Borckl£rdt discovered it, and Mr. ~ Hay cleared away flie protecting «ands. - 'A vast and elbomy haU,:sucihas thai in which Eblis S.ve audience to Yathek, received lhem as they passed from - e flaming sunshine Into the shadowy portal. Their eyes took some time ere divining the dimraiwons through the awe inspiring gloom. Gradually there revealed itself around and above them a vast aisle, with pillars formed of eight colossal giants, upon whom the fight of heaven has never thone. These images of Osiiis are .backed by enormoui pillara, behind which run tfro great galleries, and in these the torchlight enabled them to examine a series of sculptures in relief, the triumph of fiameeei the Second jor Sesostria. The paintine of these spirited representations is not dimmed, but crumbled away; the colours, as vivid as ever. 'This unequalled hall is one hundred feet in length; from it eight lesser chambers, ell; sculptured, open to the right and left. Straight on is a low doorway, supported by four square pillars. Within all is the adytum, wherein stands a Bimple altar of the living rock in front of four large figures seated oa rock thrones. This inner- shrine is hewn at least one hundred yards into the rock ; and here, in the silent depthB of that huge mountain, these awful 'idols, : With their mysterions altar of human sacrifice, sat like pre Adamite symbols of. dread and doom. They seemed to recline there, waiting for the dread summons which should awaken and re^animate these ' kings of the earth, who lie in gloiy, everyone in his own house.' ' 'How and undisturbed is the air in them chambers!' said Ailerton, as they wandered through a mifffflwwwi of smaller rooms. Even this smell of the torches of the last visitors iB perceptible, as of yesterday. ' This is truly the land of the unchanging,' said Mar guerite. ' Years roll on ; centuries are heaped up like months; and, save a deeper wave of the desert sand, no change arrives,-, or ever can do so, as long as this earth Issts*9' ' ? ' The eyelid of oneof these giants has never stirred for a' thousand years,' said Isabel. 'Think of that! 1 hough one seemed to' wink at me in that first hall. Fancy getting lost and deserted here:! How long would it take to become mad ? - Do you think they sacrificed human victims on that Btrange-loosing alter, Mr. Ailerton f' ' l am afraid that in all the elder religions the human sacrifice was habitual. In the terrible straits to which any nation might be reduced, the prestige pf the blbodof a fellow-creature was nattirally supposed by the priests io be more efficacious than that of an animal. With the people it would doubtless carry more weight. Amid these swarming populations, life Was cheap, 1 A slave— an enemy | token in tattle — was easily procurable. ' I am -afraid no nation, our own included, can be held free from the stain.' ? , ' Poor things 1' said Isabel, ' they knew no better. Very often they were hard pressed by war or famine, and thought, perhaps, that the ? Mood Of an innocent victim might appease the wrath of the gods. Jephth&h; -must have bad come idea of the kind when he vowed to sacrifice the first thing that came out of hiB house to meet him.' . * ' And who was it, pusey f' said Mr. Baldhill. ' Oh ! you wicked old dad. I'll tell mother of you. Have you* forgotten that it was his daughter, for she came out to meet 'him with timbrels and with dancers ? ? And she was his only child j besides her he -had neither son nor ^a^His daughter— his only child,' said Mr. Baldhill, won dermgly. 'Yea! I remember now ; but how could he*— how could he have the heart to do it ? ' In accordance with intelligence which Ibrahim -had, received from a co- religionist, it was decided to drop down 1 the river bb far as Dirr;the chief town in Nubia. Mrs. Baldhill had been much excited' by the Bight of a rock temple, called Gebel Adha, - which had been used in later times as a Christian church.' She had seen the images of our Saviour and the Virgin Waeoned in glowing colours on thewalls and roofs, surrounded by trophies of the idols whose worship thev had swept away. She -wondered much Where the neathens of those daya could be found for thoB^ temples or the Christians tor tnat church. Surely not. in the interminable desert wastes which in our times encompass them ! As they glided down the river the brilliant light of the moon enabled her to sit on deck and read the Prophecies— to her great comfort and satisfaction. : . , # . Now that there was a probability of more regular river jonrnejing, the crew again became objects off special interest AllertonandMr. Baldhill rrungled among them, and renewed the sort of everyday acquaintance which they had taken care to keep up in the early part of the voyage. 'Did, you ever see any man 'fill out and furnish lika that young fellow Omar, or whatever they call him, that we bought at that slaveyaid by the river conrfng up ?' said Mr. Baldhill; ' Bella 'd make money out of turn if she could sell him by auction in these p^rts, couldn't she ?' ' He'certainly doesn't look the samp man,' said Ailerton. ' The little girl has altered wonderfully for the better, also. ' Good food, raid treatment, and freedom from care have had , a wonderful effect upon both of them. Ibrahim tells me that he is one of. ine smartest men in the boat now, and always to be depended upon. He is a good shot, too, and a fine horseman.' None of the fellowB care to play tricks on him.' ' That sounds wel!,' said Mr. Baldhill. ' Wnmay flnd some use for a chap like that, who can ride and track anif tell the signs of the people *here, before we get out of this. Well, there's nothing pays like treating your hands welL I never-had a man, or my. father before me, ihat wouldn't do anything tor the family ; and4 (his chap may take the same line.' \ V- .1 ' Ibrahim says he is full of gratitude to yon and Isabel for saving his sister's ^life, and that there- is nothing in the world he would not do to show his Reeling towards you.' i ' If he looks out he'll perhaps have a chance before all's done,' Baid Mr. Baldhill. ' But I shall never be easy now till I find myself within hail of a Eed Sea steamer. I don't want any more wars and revolutions, and I expect old New DahIL ttvnlns ?ihII kft HAAil AnAMntt mA fnll A IftMAnnVk nnnll ' cuuui tt wn wui up gwu wvugu ivi uiw ivt a iviu^ieu ppQU| when I get there.' The human chattel of whom they spoke had, indeed, changed much for the better . during the last few weeks. His name, developed by the results of generous diet, was ' erect and graceful ; though comparatively slight, he ehowed an unusual degree of strength and activity. But the ex pression of his face had undergone the most astonishing -transformation; instead of the deep, settled night of anguish, the frown of bopelesB despair In his large bright eyes,' was now the gladsome Bpaikle,^fhe merry glance of him who is free to joy kt ihe sunshine, to bathe in the dashing waters, to inhale the fresh desert breeze, to jest with his fellow man. His -wounds had healed, though the scare were ineffaceable. The apparent disfigurement was slight. In ; the evening hour life teemed always to' make a point of talking and jetting with the child Ayesha, whoMmerry laugh had sounded Btrangely inoongruouB at fiist mith his worn and wasted appearance.- ' , 'I declare' Omar har^rown quite a Bpleudid- looking young mii,' raid Isabel, one day. ' I made a good pick, oonBidaing what low cohdition he was in. He, take^ great {-ride in 'his clothes, too, and is always cle&n; and neat ooking, I wonderif he will Iw cont^ted whJ^i^e get to Sydney 'P'^ ^ „ ' The climate ought to euit him at iuiy rate,!* ' said _ Ailerton ; Merredoolah is' as: hot as any part 6f ,Nubia ; it 5 only wantB a pyramid or -too and yofi could toty yomself above'the Seoond Cataract' iigain. ' He won't really be your ? Blave, youknow, when her 'gets there. - The momeolthe ] i touches iBrittsh soO, or evfen the deck of a man-of-war. he is' free. See 'Jactfa Yam,' ; *' \ j For every man isltree. J -Where the British ciuour flies; ' , And ru never give him up, »ys he. i «' And 4. grand idea, .too,' said Isabel JMding up her j head pfotwly. 'Jtule Britannia, See. I don't suppose, j dad wmgnjflgetbe thirty pounds, or J either. But I should j \- likes him tolra^ and Uub funny little Ayesha.' ' Ibrahim says lie ie always leUi^ him bf ~ his bound some kind bf semoe m requital.' , 'And does lbr&hito; believe himV Yousaid jlhe other day all thbse : people were such cheats and deceivers.' . ' Ibrahim thini s t^is youngster is the,son of a chief, and inthit way more. likely to lave good blocid and liigh feel ing about him. Of course titere are exceptions.^ ' I Jcnop that obi Ibrfihim riskfed his fife, for Sinclair wd me on our first expedition;' . , ' What was that inP' said Isabel, witii mi airof deep interest. ' I fehdiild so like to hear all about it.' : ' Oh it'was dpthing particular,' said iUierton with r some hesitation. 'It was all Sinclair's &ult;— he's eo rath— he got us into a row; there wa£ a crowd of natives— at n^ht time too yon knowr-and things looked very ngly. 1 believe the turn of a straw would have decided our fate, but Ibrahim behaved like a trump. I never saw a man ehow more oool bourage in my life. Afterwards ho ad mitted that he knew 'we were, in imminent danger. Our lives are in Allah's hands,' was all he BaU; then he lit his pipe and could not be induced to say another word. On the following morning the party in solemn council assembled concluded to inspect Dirr, near which the Fatima was accordingly moored. Ibrahim advised a visit to the King, as he called old Hassan- el-Wahab, who was but the sheik of this the chief town of Nubia. The bouses were . ,u ini ' 'i-1 --v' 1 ' '-1' 1111 ' 1 ?»' ' -- but of mud, but better built than most of thcee which they had eeen. They were surrounded by gardens, In i^icb gxew' siflons and oucumbere 4n endless profusion. ' 'Ths^ . children followed the white strangers in' crowds, and ther women expnsseed equal carioeitj to behold their civilised sisters. '? The wonien of Dirrwefe lynomeansdeficienta^to ornaments themselves ; still they envied Isabel's gold watch, admired her earrings, and examined Marguerite's gloves wifif j never- ending astonishment. They were much divided la opinion as to whether they were her own skin or not. If &-g had she two skins, her face being of kdififcraatoolottr? Coula she wash her hands with themr More than all, and vitally important, how could she eat? Marguwite's hands waMi touched and well examined, and her glo ves passed rooMl the'admiring circle ere a full explanation oould be attained. Were it not for their unlimited use of castor x^l, th& Nubfaix women would be agreeable of sight and society, as &sy; ars graceful of form and movement. The mistaken adh^eftea ' to noserings also detracted from the effe^ of many *1*64 , the features of Which were regular and pleasing. ?? /???' ' Isabel returned to the boat with a great prize in the filiaM of 'a chameleon. This, ahe aaid, she was determined w 'domesticate and watch, so as to be in a position toatita whether the proverbial change of CfFFfrissk place. - ; --» :-? j 'It certainly belongs ,-to ancif*«/ ®Ti^pt,' ehfi'MdS* ' You cannot help woudwing whetuBe -^aanot just Wpka up. and stepped down from the figures^ some tomb.' .- - This mucn-auoted little beast not more than isighf inches, , long, Uzard-sbapcd, fl^p&ded;, .with lege cient to carry the body well offjtie gronnd. Its colour was ii chiefly green, but it most ^^aully changed its hue to th&t; bf whatever object it be 'standing near. Nothine bould be more slow thanJ-'jB tmovements, and tiie changaof colour' vu similar, ^Slwayfe appealed to be standing ttiH» tmd only by attentive watching oould one see that a step . was made. At -no moment could a real movement .be detected, thoj^h, like a watch-hand passing over the sixty - seconds, an advance was effected, as the flies disoov^redto - their cost when the long tongue was shot out, which dims ; {hem into the gaping mouth. The foot'is perhaps its,mOftt curious member. ? It resembles two hands set palm to patojrr and proved handy for wrapping round the smaller branches* . I sabel tried hard to make a pet of it; but though fife*;' as always, Egypt were- bordenng on a plague, it thmUBra not. Prahaps the colours were not harrnomous. It fdisi*^ appeared one morning, to her great disappointment. : Va Korosko, at which we travellers arrived on the next day, is a village planted in a green valiey snrrouaded by dark ,T lofty precipices. Here through the deep and ruggedgoig*. Ibrahim told them, 4ay the desert route t(- Shendy, As tns ; old Tntkish Governor at Keneh had informed them, 'they found a caravan and a troop. of Egyptian cavi^ry enyoute |Q r Senhaar. Their encampmenthadastri^elypiotiuoequeeff^ct. f preen and white tents' (green is the Prophet's ooloar# were scattered among the palm-trees. Their horses were picketed on a meadow near the shore. Groups of came(a T and dromedaries were lying about among -fhe houseeft r Swarthy men, with turban and flossing garments, eat upon oarpets or mused, pipe-enCumberea, amid the grovea;, Women were gleaming in the cornfields. Half -naked vil» lagers, with long black hair, girt withspear aad ebieldjWfiTO rr %atchme .their flocks, as may have doa^ their ance^QE Ishmael 4000 yearsago. '''?is. ? When the neighbourhood of Koroako was reached it n^3 been noticed By neatly all the members of the party rait ^ Omar commenced to display a marked increase of intqfesU ? He asked questions repeatedly of Ibrahim. He pressed tiofo Arab sailors and the one solitary Nubian amon£ thp ' ' closely and perseveringly as to the general classifi^tionoC , - the population of Korosko. . When the last e&ravan; haa come in from the desert P. When the next mifcht W exr pbcted'f Whether the old King at Dirr was oh' g6oa;tftma with the Khedive of £ky pt or not ? yftth. many oth^r quiSft tfons which no one w^8 in a position to im«wer, and „ gradually led to more or less impatient rejoinders.' ; . l ; Following tip. th6 'jparty ^t Hirr, hb had gaied witb eves of entrpary ana Wistful' questioning at the Kfoje' ? and the white-bearded elders^the lta^rt XWarri^R ' or the tribe. Ilutapparentiy in vain-aslio tuniiBd 'awijf ' . with a paihed'and diwppointed air. . At KOiOsko. ; keenly 8crutidised tiiemhabitaiit8,'the Bolalbre 6f th6 frpop ' of horse, and from timb to time, thb primitive inhabitants jbc ' J the village. He wM standing 'With a d^^ncast w reoallins to Isabel bis appearance and expression wheh first «he %aw . him amid the ; despairing jgroups of slaves in the Hall of 1 sorrow, when suddenly throtign the wide andlonefy dbstirf from the far horizon. over which his oyea tb^.eedy rtoaraL:- ' came a Bolitart Bedawfe#. 'Tij (Swiftly ah^ isileritiy came hia ' Neirie,' or despafcfi dp)medary, over the sea- tike waste, towering likethe ship oif ' the desert, With ite pilot Arab. Hie white robes of ths . rider fluttered in the breeze j his tao^r.torbaia ahaded tiia ' s^rart visage grimly determined and with an airof &QrdH; hood akin to recklessness. He exhibit ed in hiS attitude ^c , once energy and repoas. Thepale-hued dromedary seemedl s ghost-like, as it came fleeting by Lwith4ts ^ark shadow, ' presently to disappear lifce a cloudontbe horizon^ ' !' My word, that fellow knows'how to travel ia a dry , country , ' said Mr. Baldhill ; -( aee what a bundle of green stuff he has got along on- for his camel. That waterakKb ' holds more than onegallon, or two eithi^. Speeur and abieiUL v' aid a heavy- sword at' the saddle-bow ! Tor fear mSghtn't be enough, he has a knife -strapped to Jds iid^l ' J ]As the etern desert warrior came striding tip at the smooi^ ' deceiving paoe of the fleet dromedary of ' Nejed andthe5 Hedjaz, where chiefly they are bred, cvery-me was struck 3 by the exited look and altered mien of Omar.' His wtre fixed with longing intensity upon fhe strangei' A^ib, for such he was. That -bigh aristocratic contour coula only belong to a descendant, of the haughty, tameless race ; tliathasiorsomany centuribfireeistedciviliBatibn. ' lAs the son of the desert approached the little group.- . apparently doubtfed whetlmr! to acoost them or to pass-by ; ' aid beyond their ken -upon his own proper business, they ?' wire startled by a loud exclamation trom Omar. - He bounded forward like an antelope, and was presently aeon to ' 3sh to the side of the dromedary , and to embraoe-the feet, . - e hands. Uie knses of the atcanoer. ' 1 !'In the came of the. Prophet T' said the stranger Arab, 'how ie it that I see the son of my sister here ? Omar ebv ' ; Daood, are jou a living man or an evil djinn in his shape F.' ? I' .The great God .mat rules: over «ul, and' thefikfaoC ^ ' wtiAm airnti tmtiv Iia14 aoANM liairA ?iwfiWhiiaaiiiiW ! f -?-J* ? J | HVVIU HTWU JVIU WIWS UVUS BHWVM| WI(V TOW ' me,' said the young man. ' I vris sold into slavery by ' tlait dog, that dealer in the souls and bodies of men, Baa ^ Michael, to one of -Zebehr's agent*. Onr viUage wae ravaged* father, my two brothers, my mother, all aredead ; aaki^' .ntttof them, , (Here . the stranger Arab : smote his breast, and called upop. Allah,}. . ' The - child Aytaha and myseS ? ? albne living. rf r-. *«.-:. c' ?? «? s \-- f- You are. well, Allah is toeroifiil. Your Wce shi&eet;' - '. yonr clothes are thopo^ofau Efiendi. How bomes thisr Hive yon .'found the Valley of Diamond? or title riiby oS ' Gimschidf'' ' . . J / ct- a s. ? J . . : ; : V Not eo. We were bought by a Baludon of t)ie lngleei. i 1 4m bis daughter's slave. -JThar hoirte are larg^T^They ; bound up our Wofihds; Tne child' Ayesha live^iaigt hec : .mother's foet. -The. Kjiuium is also gracious. We wiuafc . loinbth%.^ ' ',t-' -.-,1-*. a ... V Whi?n the torsemai of the desert are «thbrea beWqtf- 1? - thb bknner of El Mahdi, the Xnglesi ana ithe G^ours wfll bb sWept Stbe s«^s^d the Aia^ i . ; y Not these,' O brother 'of my moumr.ilfr-i^* life{c^ ; ' ? ? * - . ~ 