ICHABOD TURNER'S MISSION. (The Continent.) -Alta California . Crooked ! Crooked ! Crooked !’ rang out the sharp, peculiar, dissonant voice, and the tall, thin figure in seedy gar ments and flapping hat swayed to and fro on the stamp that had been selected for a rostrum. 1 All things have gone crooked in this world, and I’ve come to set ’em straight—to undo the snarls, give the power where it belongs, and put men in their places. Oh—h my friends. This world is topsy-turvey; the top’s at the bottom, and the but-' bom’s at the top, and I’ve come to turn | things right end up.’ The six o’clock whistle had sounded j the close of another day’s work at the | shops, and the men, pouring out from' the various smoked-stained archways, paused to listen. It was a motley group —some bedaubed with many colours from the paiut-rooms, some with I grimy hands and faces from the foundry or machine shops, while further back, on the long platform that extended along the track, were gathered that inevitable adjunct of any crowd, the boys, and a sprinkling of women—some of the latter with children in their arras. The speaker’s excitement seemed to deepen as his audience increased. The keen eyes under the old hat darted lightning like glances here and there; he gesticu lated wildly, and his voice rose to a still higher pitch. f Oh—h—b yes ! Look at me ! I’m Ichabod Turner, and the mission I'm sent on is to mend all crookedness and turn things right end up.’ The men seemed to find a grim plea sure in the harangue. They laughed as they exchanged comments. * Chosen a good point to begin at, eh Jack V questioned one. ‘ I should say so ! He’ll have a tough contract, even if he doesn’t extend his territory.’ ‘ Going to set all things straight 1 It’ll take a mightier than you to do that job. I wish to massy he’d begin it soon,’ murmured an old woman on the platform as she picked up her bundle and trudged on again. The two men looked after her, and the elder shook his grizzled head. ‘ Poor soul! No doubt things seem crooked enough to her; her boy was crushed between the cars last year. Does seem as if somebody might invent a way to get along with killing fewer brakemen.’ Jim Barclay, sauntering down the long walk, stopped beside a bright young girl who had paused for a mo ment on the outer edge of the crowd. ‘ If that fellow would begin his work by altering the days and nights a little, or by means of enjoying them, I’d be obliged to him,’ he laughed. The girl turned with a little start of surprise and pleasure. ‘ "’by, Jim !’ Then a glance at his lunch basket brought the swift question; ‘ You’re not going out to-night ? It’s not your run.’ ‘ I must make it though, they say. It’s an extra train, and they are short of men. somehow—off nr disabled, I feel considerably disabled myself.’ ‘ You were nut last night V ‘And all the night before and nearly all yesterday. I didn’t get in to-day until afternoon, and I was scarcely settled into a comfortable sleep before I was called. I’m not fit to go, that’s a fact. Don’t worry, Dell.’ He broke off his sentence abruptly as he saw the shadow of anxiety on his companion’s fair face. ‘ It doesn't happen so often. They’re short, you see.’ ‘lt oughtn’t to happen at all,’ in sisted Dell, indignantly. I would’t go.’ ' Then my head would come off at short notice,’ laughed Jim. ‘ We can’t afford that.’ Pretty Dell flushed rosily. She knew so well what that meant. There was a little house talked over and arranged to every detail of its simple furnishing, for which they two were planning when Jim should obtain his hoped- for promo tion. ‘No, I won’t insure any necks to night, but I’ll take the risk of crushing a few other people’s heads rather than the certainty of losing my own,' laughed Jim. ‘lt’s a pity that fellow who is so sure of his mission couldn't turn my brains right side up; they feel crooked enough. But don't worry, Dell,’ he re peated, hurriedly. I The crowd began to thin. Hungry men, swinging their empty dinner pails, presently found the prospect of sapper more alluring than the stranger’s pro mised millennium. Jim looked at his watch, and found he had not even five minntea to spare for a part of the home ward walk with Dell. He patted from, her with a reluctant good-bye, and she walked away alone. She had gone but a few steps, however, when she turned and looked back. ‘ You’ll be careful, Jim 1 Don’t let anything happen.’ ‘ Why, Dell T he laughed, half touched, half wondering; ‘ I oughtn’t to have talked such nonsense. Don’t be un easy.’ She smiled in answer,, and the cloud slowly faded from her face as she walked on. A call for extra service was rib cause for serious trouble-—all these exi gencies were eo familiar to her, Bell*and whistle, messenger and despatch, with their always imperative and often un welcome orders, were a part of ,the daily life. Jim would be tired and-worn iont, of course. That had happened often, and doubtless must happen.again, (but her thoughts turned ■ to pleasanter pic tures of the future— to -arranging .once more that.tiny house- with- its dainty rooms, which should ■ boa very-haven of rest to on* who came home weary. - Shg paused on the long ; iron'' bridge, 7ftnd looked d«wn on tbe -network of'- teidni belojv,' crossing ,and ; , interlacing in a seemingly inextricable tangle. The gray twilight of the short Autumn afternoon was already deepening toward, night, and the headlights of the engines; passing and repasning as they changed from one track to another, "shone "out brilliantly. Men were running here and there, waving their signal lanterns and shouting hoarse orders that to one un initiated only mingled confusedly with I the heavy breathing of locomotives and’ the clangour of bells. Farther back, looming in rugged outlines against the faint rose of the western sky, were the great shops, grim and silent. The brown eyes watching from the bridge presently discovered the figure they sought wind ing its way in and out among the trains. He did not look up, and the girl smiled at the thought of watching him, herself unobserved. Then her face grew grave and sweet with a passing fancy that so, from their height above the din and tur moil, the unseen angels look down upon our moral life. ‘ Only, I suppose, all the tangles and bewilderments grow clear to them, as I am sure they do not to mo,’ she added with a little sigh. ‘ And their watching is of some use, while mine cannot help poor Jim.’ He had some need" of help as the evening wore on, though he but dimly realised it. Getting everything in readi ness for starting was harder work than usual. There was a dull pain in his eyes and a throbbing in his temples. ‘ This trip is rather rough on you, Jim ?’ remarked a fireman, half ques tioningly, half commiseratingly. ‘Bather!’ Jim laughed faintly. ‘I am stiff and used up, but I’ll get over it when wo are fairly off, I expect.’ When the station with its din and dancing lights was left far behind how ever, and the long line stretched away straight before him, his occupation be came but a mere routine, so treacherously familiar that it would scarcely hold bis eyes or thoughts. Mechanically he at tended to Lis engine, with his mind straying far away from it to Dell, and then running oddly into a confused memory of the speaker at the depot, until the swift movement of the polished rods before him seemed the motion of gesticulating arms, and the sounds in Ilia ears resolved itself into a measured monotonous repetition of meaningless words—“ Crooked and straight ! Right side up !’ • ‘ Hello I Caught myself napping, I do believe! Jim Barclay, what are you | about? See here, Bill’—to his fireman —‘just keep an eye on me, will you?’ The young engineer shook himself, looked about him and stood stilly erect. He whistled a tune vigorously to assure [ himself that he was wide awake. • What a drowsy rockaby motion the train had 1 Even the jar and rattle seemed to lull and stupefy, though ha stood erect at his post. i He was glad this sort of work was nearly over. At least he hoped it was nearly over, for he did not see how the desired promotion could be much longer delayed, and then such calls as this wonld be fewer. He was looking anxiously forward to the day when he could carry the longed-for tidings to Dell. Dear little girl, how her face would brighten, What a cosy, happy home she could make ; and she said the curtains wouldn’t cost anything, and hammock on the porch to rest in. Lights? Queer where the light came from, unless —why, yes, almost to a station, of course. Dell must have put a bright light in the window. Alas! Bill had climbed over the tender to look at a suspected hot-box on the after truck. Shriek after shriek of warning from a steam whistle aided thefi isbing of the signal lights, and at last, forced their meaning upon the benumbed brain. With alow cry of horror, the engine was reversed, but too late to avoid the crash that followed as the two freight vans were piled upon each other in common wreck. ‘ What possessed you to run in that fashion, man ? Were you drunk or crazy ?’ demanded more than one rough voice, as Jim stood by the track. But he only gazed with blanched face at the scene before him and answered them nothing. ■'% ‘ Fortunately—almost miraculously, it seemed—no one was seriously injured,’ as the morning papers said in chronicling the occurrence. Under the same glaring bead-lines they also commended the promptness of the company in dismissing ‘the engineer whose criminal careless ness caused disaster, and who, as nearly as nan be learned, was comfortably sleep ing at bis post, and so neglectful of all signals!’ These were the tidings that reached Dell instead of the glad word for which she bad waited. ‘ What they say is true, after a fashion,’ said Jim, simply and sadly. I I was to blame for it—and yet I wasn’t, for I was not fit to make the run, and I told them so.' There was no one to chronicle his years of faithful service or the ‘ criminal carelessness,’ if not cruelty, which had placed him in such a position ; but these things were well understood among the many workers in that railroad town, and they acknowledged to each other, with ready but helpless sympathy, that it was 1 rough on poor Jim.’ Bough it surely grew as the long days came and went, and the hope of rein i statement grew dimmer. ‘All these missing men, who couldn’t be found when I needed a single night’s rest, seem to have turned up once more, and they can spare me indefinitely,’ he explained to Dell, with a pretence of jocularity that scarcely-covered the bitterness. The brave little woman tried to comfort and encourage him, though the’dancing light had gone out of her brown eyes, and new grave lines were deepening about the young lips. The little house they bad planned seemed so like the shadowy ghost of a dead hope that neither cared to'talk of it any more, and, indeed, Dell's ingenuity found full 'occupation now in combating the various wild i schemes which-Jim, in his desperation I was constantly -forming. He had been. I away to look for employment, but busi ness everywhere was dull. at this.season, and, moreover, grown up-in that railroad town, where all interest and J n du'-try; centred in the shops and.tracks, he had belonged to the lino from boyhood ; :he could do but one thing, and there was little chance fo£l a situation elsewhere while the shadow of the great corpora-, tion’s'disappi oval seemed to_ follow him in all his efforts like a blighting frpst. i So thi'-brighf Autumn leaves dropped from the trees, leaving only brown .and barren branches; the soft haze faded from the ..hills; and the- narrow iron track,' stretching away - over the frozen earth toward the cold gray sky, looked to DelTs sorrowful eyes a fitting emblem of the dreary life road that lay before her. ’ v ‘ £m going away to-morrow,’, Jim was saying, as they passed slowly over the bridge and down toward the town. 1 I’ve shpwn idiocy enough by waiting here for any chance'of justice. I mean to go as far west as l ean make my way, and Til come back when I’ve some good word to bring—if that time ever comes.’ It was useless to combat his purpose; there was nothing better to offer. The girl’s wistful gaze strayed with a dreary persistency to the track again. What a hard, narrow road it was, stretching on to its cheerlesagoal—the far-away wintry horizon! Down on'the walk by the ronnd-honse a knot of loungers had gathered. Icha bod Turner’s wanderings had brought him thither again—the place seemed to hold some peculiar fascination for him —and he was discoursing on his favour ite theme. Suddenly a-movement and murmur of excitement ran through the crowd, and its numbers were speedily augmented from various quarters'of the building. Swiftly and unexpectedly the speaker, had turned, and with a single bound placed himself in the cab of a locomotive that had for a moment been left untenanted.. ‘ It’s steamed up !’ ‘ Off! off!’ ‘ Come out of that!’ shouted several voices. But Ichabod laughed hoarsely and waved his long arms triumphantly above his head. ■l’m the only man on this continent that can run an engine ! I’m ordered to. take this one and go and turn the world right side up ! Hurrah ! ’ Two or three persons rushed forward, but he caught up an iron bar and wielded it so vignnrously that they were compelled to fall back. Then, like a flash, his hand seized the throttle-lever, and the dangerous steed he had chosen began to show signs of life. ■Poll him off!’ ‘ Block the wheels !’ rang out in conflicting orders. But the madman laughed again, his wild eyes gleaming like fire, and shook bis bar in threatening and defiance. ‘ Touch me if you dare ! I’m sent to set the crooked straight. Here comes-the millennium! Clear the track for the millennium!’ And he was off. Swiftly as an arrow someone darted through the crowd, ran along the track and leaped on to the engine, clinging, no one knew quite how, as it moved away. Dell found herself suddenly deserted, and could only move forward with the others, who were following with eyes of mingled admiration and horror the athletic young figure clinging and swinging as the speed increased, until finally it forced its way into the cab. 1 What a terror to be let loose on the road. Who can tell what he will run into before he can be stopped !’ ex claimed one with white face.’ ■Jim Barclay ’ll manage him.’ ‘Jim’ll be killed,’answered dissent ing voices. Jim’s unexpected appearance in the cab, meanwhile, had momentarily con fused its occupant, who, until then, had not been aware of his presence. ‘ Where did you come from 1’ ho de manded, in surprise. ‘Flew down,’ panted Jim; ‘sent to help you. But what on earth do yon mean by trying to start the millennium in broad daylight V ‘ Daylight V repeated Ichabod, bewil dered by an earnestness and assurance as fierce as his own. ‘ Don’t you know we must wait until the stars begin to fall 1 Besides, we must eo back and telegraph to all the world to clear the track for us.’ He was' improving bis companion’s momentary confusion by gently edging into his place and crowding him back, while urged the superior advantages of his own plan of proceeding. All the details of that brief, horrible ride Jim could never recall, but, with the engine once in his own hands, he held posses sion, and as soon as it was possible reversed it, endeavouring the while to distract the other’s attention by a stream of explanations concerning their joint mission. The suggestion of clearing the track seemed to suit Ichabod’s crazed brain, and seizing the cord near him he clung to it so persistently that the shrieking, deafening, steam whistle drowned out all further efforts at con versation, and never ceased its tsrrifi? din until they rolled back into the great yard. Officers, police and despatches had been hastily notified, only to find themselves helpless in the matter, and a line of anxious spectators watched the engine’s return. Then, discovering for the first time that his project was foiled, or bent upon some new scheme—no one could ever tell which—lchabod suddenly dropped the cord, and, before bis com panion could surmise bis intention, leaped to the track. A moment later he was drawn from under the cruel wheels and tenderly lifted. ‘ So endeth—the first lesson,’ he mnr ’ mured, and then all earthly tangles for him were over, and life’s rough places grew smooth and plain. Jim was greeted with congratulations, praises, and questions on every side. ‘ That was a brave deed of yours. Sir —a dangerous undertaking, very skill fully planned and executed,’ declared an officer of the road, with a congratu latory shake of the hand. ‘lt far more that cancels that little misfortune of yours that Fall. There is no telling where this thing might have ended bat for you. Call around at thp office in the morning, will you J We-shall have some thing to say to you.’ ‘ What dqes that faeanT questioned eager Dell, as Jim made his way to. her side, - . • , ‘lt means that everything is all right again,’ answered Jim, with an'odd smile playing about his lips; ‘Queer; how so'on.a bit of success,can change a great crime -into .merely -a little misfor tune.’ ’-The - excitement ‘wnS over,, and-i the yardislowly settled back to its ordinary routine, but the young engineer and pretty-Dell lingered -for a last pitying; tender.; at • the still; - form, Tew rently covered now. ’ " ~ ._, ‘For whatever he may have been.to the rest of'.the-world,-dearJim, for-us he" fulfilled ’his -softly 