Wit 2Uib trtf &tr;* 2 • Saturday, April 12, 1884. The Williamstown Eight Hours’ educationalexaminafcion anniversary l programme for 1884 has been com- s piled and printed. Monday, the ' 21st day of April, the .red-letter day ot the year with the toilers that ( earn their bread by the sweat of i their brows, is the day also set i apart in which their numerous progeny may give an earnest ot their , scholastic attainments. It iB a day therefore to which these should be able to look back on as one of both pleasure and profit, when they them selves in the ordinary course of nature shall have become the pro genitors of a future race. The terms of the examination are as usual of the most liberal description, being open to every child attending any school within the electoral dis tricts ef Williamstown and Foots eray during three months prior to date of examination. We are sincerely happy to see the direct sympathy to this excellent object accorded by the Minister of Educa tion, in deputing one of his officers to immediately supervise the papers, ' examine and report thereon.; To the donors of the numerous and hand some prizes that await competition the gratitude of the intending candidates is justly and honourably due. These gentlemen, the majority of whom have in their life’s struggle discovered the advantages the poses sion of a sound English education affords, have unselfishly determined if possible to furnish the incentive whereby the rising generation of our borough shall be goaded into thirsting after knowledge, and if they will, ascend the ladder of undying literary fame to the top most step. And there are yet eight others to whom an equal meed of gratitude should be accorded—the members of the eight hours’ educa tional committee. These gentlemen —all working-men by the way— have entered as usual into the preliminaries with an ardour that always prophecies success in a good cause. All therefore that now remains to make the proceedings have an unqualified prosperous ter mination is the hearty co-operation •of both parents and children. To the former we would say foster by every means in your power the love to excel at this pending com petition, where all the candidates will be placed on a most equal footing and the result will reflect on the most clever. To the candi dates themselves we would point that even at this stage a number of days yet remain unpassed in which to read up the subjects on which they will be expected to exhibit their, talent. We therefore which many a future scholar may revert as a stepping-stone that crossed the gulf dividing ignorance from learning. This sentiment will we feel sure be echoed and re echoed by all parents, teachers and well-wishers of the young in our midst. An extensive sale of Crown lands, situated in Curtis, Power and Freyer streets, takes (lace at the offices of Messrs Gemmell, Tuckett, and Co., Collins street west, Mel bourne, on the 18th instant. The Loyal Philanthropic Lodge, No. 71, I.O.O.F., held their usual meeting last Wednesday evening instead of Monday next, owing to the latter being a holiday. As the intelligence of Prince Leopold’s death arrived too late at the close of last week to admit of any special recognition of mourning being kept, it was decided to hold it on Sunday last. Williamstown con tributed its measure of respect to the defunct prince, the shipping at the piers and in the bay having their flags all at half-mast daring the day, while at sunset twenty-one guns were fired. In all the churches throughout the borough the officiating clergymen touched more or less in their discourses on the qualities of the young royal scholar, eulogising his virtues and deploring his early demise. It was a noticeable fact that the places of worship were better filled than usual out of respect to the memory of the delicate son of her well-beloved Most Gracious Majesty. Four men belonging to the s.s. Cuzco got into the silt dose to Ann street, made famous by the imbedding of Nelly Croke on New Year's eve, and had it not been for the solicitude of Constable Dyer and his friend the result is a matter of coujecture. Sun day, of coarse, is and probably always will be the day specially set apart by Jack to indulge in a “burst.” Alfred Barton, a new arrival by the Cuzco, insulted the decency of the law, and had to forfeit 20s or receive three days’ imprison, ment at the hands of the Williamstown magistrates on Monday last. Owing to necessity by the forthcoming holidays, together with the advent of the Smith banquet, the Williamstown Borough Council adjourned their ordinary meeting from Tuesday to the following evening, On Sunday last visitors and residents • bestowed a considerable amount of attention on the painfully ocular demonstration of the Little River episode, in the shape of huge piles of debris that only last week represented some: of the best portions of the rolling stock of the Victorian railways. This centre of attraction was surrounded at times by scores who ventured their opinions on the dumb narrators of the ghastly incident that now lie at the loco, works, a memento of faltered duty. Trucks, carriages, and guardvan are almost an un recognisable mass. Probably the items upon which the most inspection was lavished • were the engines that stood chained together by their massive breasts—like two monsters that had been engaged in a terrific struggle and gave up the ghost in each other’s arms. It. is a singular fact that both were built at Newcastle-on-Tyne by R. and W. Hawthorn in 1862. Their numbers are 1142 and 1158\. During the week a gang of men have been specially engaged in dissecting all the ironwork that may possibly be retained for '■future use and stacking the wooden material. What a horrible tale the bent iron and . matchwood splintered woodwork conveys ? That imposing structure in Cecil street ; which on the 4th of May next be opened by ; special services as the Williamstown Baptist . Church has almost approached completion.' 1 In a future issue we will give sane details of .the new building. ] We are sorry to record the fact that Mr J. j Hillard, late manager of the Meat Freezing J Works, died on Wednesday morning, from j disease of the kidneys* j It is rumoured that a strong letter re the J late collison and bursting of a boiler was j sent to a Melbourne journal, but has been ■ witheld for some unexplained reason. I On and after the 2nd April the 4.20 a.m. down from Melbourne and the 5 a.m. up j from Williamstown week days, Saturdays included, will be discontinued. On the 11th and 14th of April the ordinary time-table will be suspended dur ing the busy portion of the day when trains will be run at twenty-five minutes intcr I Essendon trains will arrive and depart from the Williamstown platform during the Easter holidays. Passengers should be care ful to discriminate before entering in case our local pleasure-seekers should unwittingly find themselves at Newmarket. Four births and five deaths at Footscray, and five births and two deaths at Williams town, were registered for the week ending 29th March. We beg to acknowledge the receipt of tho Australian Journal for April. It con tains the usual modicum of tales, news and notes, and poetry. Of the tales “The De tective’s Album” is our favorite. A special train leaves South Williamstown station for the course at noon, stopping at North Williamstown and Newport to pick up and set down passengers who intend pro ceeding to enjoy themselves at the Williams town Races on Easter Monday. Special trains also leavo Spencer street station for the course at 12.7 and 12.25 p.m., returning at 5.35 and 5.50 p.m., stopping at Footscray ; to pick up and set down passengers. The Footscray Blue Ribbon Mission held their usual weekly meeting on Saturday evening last in the Mechanics’ Iustitute, ' which was well filled, many being obliged to ■ stand. The chair was occupied by Mr E. R. f Warne, and on the platform was the* choir, \- who under the leadership of the secretary ; (in the absence of the conductor) rendered f several pieces in a very fair manner. Ad l dresses by the chairman and Mr W. Gallant, a recitation by Mr Spry, and a solo by Mi ( Barnet entitled “ Come on Men,” were alsc items in the programme. Miss Saker ably , presided at the harmonium. , Just prior to the Intercolonial boat race on Saturday last a number of scratch fours belonging to the Footscray Rowing Clul I competed for the Beaney trophy. The crew stroked by T. Woods'proved the victors in ( the final heat. An exciting race took place | in one of the heats between crews haviug , W. Warren and H. Saunders at the stroke oars. The crew of the former just wot after an exciting struggle. Pattinson’s crew weee thrown out of the race by an accidenl when off the magazine wharf. A large meeting of the Harbor Trusl employes was held on Tuesday to take inte consideration the advisability of forming i rowing club in connection with the Trust Mr Rae Johnstone was elected chairman 1 It was unanimously decided to form a club i Captain Fullarton was elected president i Mr McLean vice-president, and Mr Jame: . Kelly, hon sec. and treasu.er. The clul j ot such an able and energetic gentleman a j. Mr Kelly for the position of secretary 3 Over thirty members have already joined ^ The brothers Johnstone have cast their lo with the new club. [ Mr Charles Brown again notifies his re , moval to the premises lately occupied b; Mr Williams, watchmaker, opposite the Harbor Trust office. Members of the Williamstown Football ^ Club are reminded that the usual scratch ’ match will be played in the gardens reserve > on Saturday afternoon next. The members are also informed that a training class has been formed in connection with the clul i under the charge of Mr W. Lean. The \- class will meet in Mr John Reid’s large room r in Morris street on Tuesdays and Thursdays, commencing next Tuesday evening at eighi o’clock sharp. I Mr William White has been elected to the Board of Advice membership. We feel sure he will become a most active member. , On Wednesday last the Williamstown [ Customs authorities made an extensive ; seizure of over 2000 cigars on board the . steamer Whampoa. ! It will be seen from our advertising > columns that the Catholic sports will be held in the local gardens on Easter Monday. ' The committee for the last two months have ! been doing their best to provide a pleasant day’s sport. The fire brigade is also giving [ a torchlight procession and fireworks in connection with the Bports. Mr Williams, watch and clock maker, has presented to the Williamstown Volunteer Fire Brigade a silver medal to be competed for on Easter Monday in the Williamstown Gardens. The medal is now on view at Mr Williams’ shop in Nelson place. Williamstown will be replete with amuse ments at Easter. Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday evenings a diorama of the world will be exhibited at the Mechanics’ Institute. It has been shown with great success in Sydney and other towns and is spoken of most highly of by the press. Valuable gifts are also to be given each night. 