FOKSLOVE MAHQ8. A New Novel. BY EOBEUT BUCHANAN, Author of "God aud the Mas," "The Shadow of the Sword, '" "Love Me fob Ever." &c.; Chapter XKXII.— " Flieil' I Aup' I Hinaus) In s Weple Land 1" (continuum). Edith, having reached lier room, sat until the honse was quiet ; then she rose, and began to mako her preparations for departure. She went to a drawer, and took from it what money still remained there — some bank notes and gold— and stitched, it, firmly in a fold of lier dress.; then she put on her bat and warm winter cloak, nud stood ready. The village clocks were striking twelve. She opened lier door and listened. All was still ; so she passed quietly onwards, after se curely looking bor bedroom door — passed noise lessly down the stairs, out of tho house, and stood in.the davknesa alone. It was a bittor night. The snow lay thick all ronnd her, and -the keen wind' which blew seemed to turn the life blood in her veins' to ice , . Edith stood . for n moment, chilled to the heart. She gave one look at the home she was leaving; then, a3 if fearing -tho strength of her own resolution, she turned and quickly pursued Uerway: .. > > Whither, she went alio knew not, nor did sho caro lo know ; sho only knew that oveiy step was takiug.hor further and further from her home, aud from tho man who had brokou her heart. So she walked on quickly, with her cloak wrapped, well abont her, aud bending hor head to shelter her face from the, bitter breath of the wind; ' She' walked on and on, while tho darkness gathered above lier and the snow 'lay thick all aronud.: 'Sometimes sho sat down to rest, and then; the thought ciune to; her that por- haps it would be better if she could end it all ; if she could but lie down on the frozen earth, with tho snow wrapped lihe a niantlo around hor, anil sink to her eternal sleep, . Henceforth- there would- bo no moro sorrow and no moro pain. ' The idbo,.having occurred- to her, took possession p of-: Her"; . mind, , and mheld ; ... to. it ' tenaciously. . Oh, if,;.aho . could.;-only, dio . close her eyes in the darkness, and feel jfor ii- mo'ment that. blessed peace which had 'pasBed- frora hor for evor ! Yes, Editli' know it would bo bettor ; .though,- with tbo iustinot implanted in all'human things, alio shrank from doalli. she knew that his. presence would be merciful Henceforth, what.wouldlife be to bor— an out cast, a thing, to bo spoken.of.with, pitlicsscon-. tempt, fo bo bidden for evor from the sight ;of all her fellowrmeni ?. . Thon. sho' asked herself, " Would it he a sin to take tho lifo which God liad.givch her, and yield it up to Him ?". No ; slio helioveii it would bo no sin. . . . ; . She walkcd'bn and on; Themonco'more, in. the bittor anguish of lior heart, : alio . criiid on. God to be mereifiii' to hor.- : . For, , weary, with 'tr&veUtug;, cpld and sicl: at heart, she cast hcr. eolf down upon tho snow, and sobbed—' . , ; "Oh, if 1' could only. die!". ; But death did hot come. The snow closed all around lier as she lay fainting and cold ; but "alio did not dio. Its icy touch, , lying, on her parched lips and brow, revived her.. She arose, and with wild, wandering eyes,, looked around,' .- . . .. ' ' The night was well nigh spent, and tho sky; gave toUens'oi quickly npproacliing flnwn. 'Aa every hour passed on, the air grow colder, and now.its touch chiilod hor, to tho vory bono; sho Bhivcrod, yet lier brow, hor lips nnd hands' were burning. Slio tried to think, but could not ; oven the events of tho past woro becom ing strangely blurred and dim. Whoro was slio ? She lmrdly know; yet sho must havo wandered many, many miles from home, sinco she was footsore, and grow ing very faint for lack of food. Sho listened feverishly, and her ear caught tho murmuring of a running stream. Sho arose ; but her limbs were feoblo, for she staggered and fell again upon tho ground Then sho cried from very weakness, and a sense of utter helplessness and louiiencBS. Aftor a wbilo. shb roso again. How lior hands and Hps burned 1 Hor brain was. fa wild confusion, and everything about hor seemed fading into the mystery of a- dream. Was it coming, that death for which sho had prayed ! Suddenly a wild fear seized her. If sho foil and lay here on the snow, she might be recog nized by some passing traveller and takon home! Tbatinnst not bo. Sho mnst novor ; be fiund, and thon no one would ever kno w, , . . . : ; . 'As this new terror seized her; 1 she heard again the rippling of the stream. It seemed to lure heron. She thrust nhandfulofsnow into her month, and staggered forward. The sweet sound of the running -water came nearer and nearer. She stood now on the banks of the stream— a Btream, deep and rapid, . flowing between bi nks now laden witli snow. Edith looked down into tho calm, cold water, and r thong!. t, " If I lay there, quiet and- cold, no ono would ever find mo, and no one wou'd evor know." " Yes, yes ; it would be better," she cried, "Tlio water called me, and I have come !" And, with a wild sob, she sprang for ward, and sank beneath the swiftly, flowing waters of tho stream. : ; When Edith opened hor eye", she found her self lying upon abed of straw. She was dressed in dry clothes, sheltered by "a canvas roof, warmed by a fire, and watched - by "a woman. Her eyes, after having carelessly noted theso things, remained fixed on the faoe of tho woman, for sbo had recognised tho bold black eyes of Sal Blexley. .- . Edith romaiuod dumb, but Sal broke the silence with a loud laugh. '.' ' ' " Yes, it's me, my lady," she said. '.'I said we should meet auain, and so we havo; you ace. I thought it would como to this." ; . 'I '! Where am I?" asked Edith, faintly. : . . " Wliero nro ye ? Why, in a gipsy -tent, with me and my pals. I was out on the ramp age with my chap, when wo saw yo tln'ow yonrself in tho river. I got, him to fish you out— more dead than alive, I bet— and; be tween us wo brought ye here. There, don't shrink away, and don't look afeared. I ain't agoin' to harm ye. Yonr man's dosorted ye, I reckon. Well, ye despised mo once, yo knew, and bo did lie ; but I mean to lot ye see that 'tain't only gentlefolks and clergy than can do' a good turn to them as wants it." Chapter XXXIIT. — The Notebook Again, December 15.— Tho first snow fell yester day, As I jwrito, the air-is still darkened with the falling (lakes. From here to thu. vil lage is spread a soft white carpet, ank'o-deep. I am moro than usually interested in thi3 common phenomenon, as I can tell, by the deep footprints, exactly who is ' coming and going. One track' interests me 'especially — tliat of a shapely foot, clad in nn elegant, tightly fitting boot. Its holy owner came as far as the lodgo gate, no further, . To make certain that I wa3 not mistaken, I inquired of tho lodge keeper, nnd found that the clergy man had passed this morning. ' ' : a As matters stand now, I can arrange every thing with coolness and sang f fold, for I '. am really the master of tho situation. I hold tlii3 man, as it were, in tho hollow of my hand. I know his lifo, his comings and go'hgs, his , olfonces against 'social propriety, against his' own conscience ; there is not a step of' that poor instrumont, his soul, of which I am not master. Despite all this, he is still abso lutely blind to his danger. He thinks me sleeping sound, when I am wido awake, Imbocilo i Well, I mean to have my revenge, somehow or another ; liow and when I have not exactly determined. I should like to read. my ./satyr such a lesson as would last liim for a lifetime ; and of coureo, without any kind pi public' scandal. I have thonght once or' twice 'of a way, but it wonld, perhaps, be playing with firo to attempt it ; nor is it easy to carry out without my wUo's co-operation. - - . ' As for Elien, she remains ; restless and be wildered ; certain of the man's unworthiness, yet fascinated by his pertinacity, £ho goes to churcli, ns usual ; otherwise, slie avbids Saatley as much as, possible. What : would she say if I were to tell her all I know? I am afraid, aftcrall, it would not facilitate hor euro ; for, strango to say, women Llovo . a scoundrel of tho amorous kind, - - : ... . : , \- That rro should call tbeso delicate creatures ours, And nut thoir — - — scutlmeuts 1 Yes, it. is nothing but sentiment, I kii'ow. She is us pure as' crystal, bat she cannot quite .'forget tliui she was once a foolish 'inaid,- and 'this man an. impassioned boy and <h'o: come3 to her, moreover, in tho shining vejtmenls of a beautiful, thoughlying,, creed. I ehall havo to bo cruel, I, am afraid, very cruel, ,beroro: I .can, quito euro ber.' PeliawJ - what 'am I thinking, writing? Folly, folly ! I'-am trying to survey Ellen Haldano philosophically, to'assnme a calmness, though ! liayo, it nob— though all the time my spirit is In arms against her. I am jealous, damnably jealous, ib'at ie all.' ' To talk about tho'crystnl purity of a woman who has' a moral canfir, which 'must kill; hor if it is not killed I To describe her folly as mere sentiment, . when I know, more than most men, tliat "each sentiment as '.that is simple' conscience poisoning 1 If ' I did not savo her, if I wero not by iwith my protecting hand, -she would . assuredly bo lost, Well, I' \- Bhall euro, her, as I said, or kill her in tho' attempt. . Once, when. a boy, in' a Parisian hospital; I saw'an; ourreusc operated upoti, for a tumorous " deposit; which necessitated tho exeiaioni' of the. whole of tho right hronst. . 16 ; was: before tho days of chloroform, and tho patient's agony was terrible to witness, Bnt sho was savoul For ' tho moral cancer also, the knife mav bo. tho only remedy; and it .will be, as in the. other caso, kill or cure. , Mcautimo, our. domestic life. goes .on witli characteristic monotony. We havo no quarrels, and no confidences.' \Vo eat, drink and sleep, like Aomfortahlb wedded pooplo. Tho- greater part oi tny day is spent among my books j tho greater part of hers, in simplo . domestic duties,' -in music, in .wanderings about tho. gardens, . She seldom visits in the parish now; but tho poor Como to lier on stated days, and sho is, as ever, charitable. At least once every Sunday she gees to aliurch. A sombre, sultry Btatc of the atmosphere, with gathering thunder 1 20th December. — I have been reading to-day Naqnet's curious pamphlet on Divorce, a sub ject which, is just now greatly exercising our neighbors across tbechnnnol. This study, com bined with tliat of two now attempts in Zolacso (wbioli a French friend lias bocrv good enough to send me), has left mo with a certain sense of nausea. Gradually , but surely, I am afraid, I am losing that fiiie British faith in tho fominine' ideal which was among tho legacies is£t meiby a perfect mother. It is dawning .upon me,' at middle age, as it dawns upon a Parisian at twcnty- ono, that women are, at < bcst, only the highest, or among the highest, " ' of animate, and that sanitary precautions of the State must be taken — to keep them cleanly, litis this discovery which, perpetuated in Art, ' -mqkes the whole literature of tho Second Empire so repulsive to an English Philistine. "'''And smell so— faugh 1" Are the days of chivalry, then, over ? Is tho ideal of pure maidenhood, of perfect womanhood, utterly : /overthrown ? Is tho modern woman — not Imogen, not Portia, not tho lily maid of As- colat, not Romola, not even Helen Peudtnnis? —but Thessalina, Lucretia — nay, even Berthe -Rougcn, or tlio shamble-haunting wife of .Claude, or the unutterable Mudamo liovary ? .-.Surely, surely, there cannot be all this literary .smoke without some little social fire. Thank dod, therefore, that the wise Republic has -taken to the drastic remedy of crushing tho3e .-vipers, tho Christian priests, and of abolishing .the solemn farce of tho marriage ceremony. Marriage is a simplo contract, not an arrangc- ' blent mado in heaven ; it is social and sanitary,, .not religions and ideal ; — and when any !of_ tho conditions aro broken by either of .the . -contracting parties, the contract is at .an end. Yes, I suppose it is so ; I suppose that Women are not angels, and that married life is an arrangement. And yet how much sweeter was that old fashioned belief which pictured > tho wedded life as a divine communion of souls, a golden ladder beginning at tho altar, land- reaching — through many dark shadows perhaps; but surely reaching— up to heaven! Ah, my hymeneal Jacob's Ladder, with angels for ever descending and ascending, you have vanished from tho world, with Noah's Dove of Peace and Christ's Rainbow of Promise ! All faiths have gone, and the lfaith in Love is the lost to go. : I Qud that I am philosophising — prosing, in : other words — instead of setting down events : as they occur. But, indeed, there aro no events 'to set down. I am in the position of the needy knife grinder of the anti-Jacobin ; f ' Story V God bless you, I have none to tell, sir ! So, to case my mind, I pour out my bile on paper. 21st December. — I have made a discovery, , During the last few days my .wife and Santley Miavo been in correspondence. At any rate; 1 tie has written to her and I suspect she has replied.; Baptisto has been my informant. De-pita ; my command that he should cease to play \- the spy, he has persisted in keeping his eyc3 and ears :opcn, and lias managed to convey to me, in one way or another, exactly what lie . has seen or heard. This morning, when hang- Ting about tho lodge (still fascinated, ! suspect, v by the little widow), he discovered that there " : was a letter there addressed to liis mistress; \- and. he. asked me, quite innocently, if he should fetch and take it to her. I showed no sign of , anger or surprise, but bade him mind his own : business. In the forenoon, I saw Ellen emerge from the house, and stroil carelessly in the ' direction of the lodge gates. I followed her r at a distance, and saw her enter the lodgo, .ana emerge directly afterwards with a letter; . which she read hastily and thrust into her bosom. When she returned up tho avenue, I was standing, outside my den, waiting for her. She came up smiling, with her air of per- '.feet innocence. Wrapped from head to foot j® furs, and wearing the prettiest of fur caps A la Jtusse, she looked her very best aud brightest. The sun wa3 shining clearly on the snow, and, as she came, she left soft footprints ibehincl her. . .."What is my Bear doing," she cried, out in the cold, and without his great coat, .too?" " "The day looked- so bright that I was \- 'tempted out. Where have you been ?" ieo-fl Only for a little .stroll," she replied ; "it vis scpplcasant onto! doors. By the by, dear, ; i,they are. skating down on 1 Omberley Pond. . I ' .think I shall drive over,. Will you como 2" ""Not to-day, Nell." She did not look sorry, I. thought, at my I'Jrefusal.'-1 ' '...i-jv. ; el 'f Is there a party I: asked- car elessly. - V.'il. don't, know; .but! heard .the Arm strongs wore going, . and somes of the. -people , .from the Ahboy." " :'3' "'And Mr, Santley, I suppose 5" ' ' 'fShe Rushed slightly, .but answered without , 'hesitation— 1" . ii ."Perhaps he will be -there ; but l need not ppeak to him,, if .you forbid it. , . I- wili stay at . homo if you wish it; dcarl" . ' " "I don't wish it, "'I Baid." "Go 'and muse .. .yourself." ''. ' . -i- 'iroii'f you como?" she murmurodphesitat- iing. .- . . . .... El , . I shook my head, and turned back, to my .den; She looked after me, and sighed ; then walked slowly towards tho house. What a \- sullen beast she must have thought me ! : But I was irritated beyond moasuro by -what : I had seen at the lodge. Not a word of tho lettor ! . Half an hour afterwards I saw tho pony carriage waiting for her, and presently she drove off, looking (as I thought) bright and happy enough. No sooner had slio gone than I was mad with myself for not having accom panied her. Was it a rendezvous i Had sho gpue, of set purpose, to meet him ? I cursed my stupidity, my sul!cnnes3. At a word from 'me she would have remained. I hud almost made np my mind to walk over, when in came Baptisto. He was wrapped up to the chin in an old travelling cloak, and his nose was hluo i with cold. .. "Have you any mcssago in tho village, seifor ?" ho asked, "I am going there." I could not resist tho temptation, though I listed my self for setting a spy upon her. -"No, I have no message. Stay, though 1 While you are there, pass by the skaliug pond, aud seo if any of our friends aro there." ' . He understood me perfectly, and went awny, 'Well satisfied at tho commission. More and more, na tho days go on, tho rascal intrudes himself into my confidence, with silent looks of. sympathy, dumb signs of devotion. Ho says nothing, bnt his looks are ever significant, Sometimes I long, in my irritation, to get rid of him for ever ; but no, I may find him use ful; I know he would go through fire and water for my sake, :'( -In about two hours he returned with his .tt-orc. . . " Well 5" I said, scowling at him. "The pond is covered, sofior, with gentlo- '» a and' ladies. His lordship is there, and aro very gay. It is pretty to see them /gliding about the ice, tho ladies -and th gentlemen hand in hand. Sometimes the ladies slip, and tho gentlemen catch them in their arms, and then all laugh ! It is a pity that you aro not there ; you would be amused." " Is this all you have to tell me ?" "Yes, scnor,' except that my mistress is among them. She bade mo tell you " Ye3 ! yes !" " That flio was enjoying herself so much, and would not bo lmuie for lunch," lie stood with head bent gently, respectful anil submissive, but bis face wore tho express ion which lidd often irritated mo before — on expression which said, as plainly A3 words, " How far will you let thorn go ? Cannot yon perceive what is goiug on ? It is no affair of mine, but is it possible that you will endure so much and so long I read all this, I say, in tho fellow's face. ".Very well." I said sternly, dismissing him with n wave of the hand. Ho wentlingeringly, knowing t would he certain to call him back. As I did. " Was Mr. Santloy there ?" . Baptisto smiled — darkly, malignantly. " Oh yes, sofior, of course !" I could have struok him. Damn him ! duos lie think I am already ornamented, like Falstaff, with an ugly pair of. horns? I shall have to get rid of him, "after all. He saw the expression on- my face, and was gone in a moment ; but he had' left his poison to work. - - All the devil was awake within me. I could not work. I eonld not read.. I could nob rest in any place. When- tho lunch hell sounded, I wont; in, and drank a couple of glasses of wine, but- ate nothing. Then for some honrs I flitted about like a ghost, from room to room, from the house to tho labora tory, upstairs and down. I went into her boudoir. Tho rosy curtains were drawn, and the air was still sweet with perfumes, with the very breath of her body. I am afraid' I was mean enough to play tho spy— to open drawers, to look into her work basket ; nay; I even went so far as to inspect her wardrobe, and examine tho pocket of the dress she had worn that morning, I wanted that letter. If I could liavo found it, and read in it any confirmation of my suspicious, I would have taken instant action. But I could not find it. ' \ In the drawer of the work table, however, I found something, j A sheet of paper; carefully folded up. I opened it and found it covered with writingiri u man's hand. At the- top was written — " 1 think these are the verses you wanted I I. have transcribed . them for you. — 0. S." ' The verses followed — some twaddle about the meeting in heaven of tboso who have lived on earth ; with incredible images of cherubs sitting on clouds (blowing their own trumpets, I sup pose, with angelic self-satisfaction) ; descrip tions of impossible habitations, with roofs of gold and silver, and inspired rhymes of "love" and "dove," "eyes" and "paradise." The paper was the pinkest of pinks, and delicately perfumed ; tho writing beautiful, with ethereal curves and upsweeps, exquisite punctuation, and a liberal supply of points of exclamation. I put the rubbish back in its place. It had obviously been lying there for some time, and was not at all the sort of doeument'of which I was in search. So I quitted the boudoir; not much wiser than when I entered it, and resumed my uneasy ramblings about tho house. About four in the afternoon I heard wheels coming up the avenue. I looked out, nnd was just in tirno to seo the pony carriage pass. What was my -amazement, however, when I beheld, calmly driving tile carriage, with my wife seated at his side, -the clergyman him self. My head went round, and I felt positively bloodthirsty. Seizing my hat I hastened round and arrived just as Santley wa3 carrying Ellen up the stops into the house. Yes, actually carrying her in ids arms i ; I could scarcely believo my eyes ; but, -coming up close, I saw that she was ghastly pale, aud that something unusual -must have oocurred. \- Ho had placed her on a chair in the lobby and-waa bending over her just as I followed. I- am afraid that the expression -of my face -was sinister nnd agitated enough ; I atood glaring' at tho two liko one gasping for breatliri '"Don't bo alarmed," he- said, -mooting my \- eyes. There has been a slight accident, that is all. Mrs. Haldane slipped on the ice,, and; falling, sprained her nnkle." Ellen,- who seemed in- great pain, looked up at mo with a beseeching expression ; for she, at- least, read my suspicion -in my face. It-was so Btupid of -me !" she murmured, forcing a faint smile, nnd reaching' out her Hand. "I could not come homo- aiono — I was 'in' such-pain — and Mr, Santloy kindly -volun teered to bring mo." -What-could I 'do' ? I ! could not knock a man down for linving performed what appeared a simple hot of courtesy.' I could not exhibit any anger without looking like an idiot or a; boori ' Santley' had - merely 'done what any other gentleman would have" done under the oircumstunces. For all that I' had an.' Uneasy : sense of being humbugged. E . ' V Let mo look nt your foot, "T said grulTly. She pushed it -from- underneath her' dress.' The boot bad been taken off; and a'jvhite silk' handkerchief - tightly wrapped > about the'; ankle. : '- > "Mr. Santley bound it up," sho explained.; I took the- foot- in my -hand; and' In my secret fury; I think I was'a little -rough; fori she uttered a cry; ( " Tako care 1" cried tho' clergyman. '"It-is very tender." ; -. ' I looked up at him with a scowl,' but said nothing. ' "Shall I carry you into'the drawingroom J" ho Baid, with teuder solicitude. "No ; I am bettor now, and Goorge will give mo his arm. Bray do not stay." Sho rose with difficulty, and resting all her weight upon her left foot, leant upou mo. In tills manner bIio managed to limp into tho drawingroom, aud to placo hersolf upon- a couch. Hor pallor still continued, and ' I folt sorry, for I hato to soo n woman sulfor, Santloy, who bad followed us, and was watching her witli extraordinary sympathy, now bent softly over her. " Are yon still in pain?" ho mnrmurod, " A little ; bnt " "Shall I send Doctor Phillips over? ii shall bo passing tho surgery on my way back. If he is not at home I will procuro some reme dies, and bring thorn on myself," Hero I interposed. "Pray do, not tronbio yourself," I Baid, witli a sneer. " A sprained ankle is a trifle, audi , can attend' to it. Unless my wife is in need of religious ministration, you need not re main." I spoke brutally, as. I felt; end, meeting tho man's pale, Bad, astonished gaze, I became secretly humiliated. A husband, I perceive, is \- a ridiculous animal, and alwayB at a disadvan tage. I begin to understand liow the poets, from Moiil-ro downwards, have made married .men their shuttlecocks. A jealous lover has ; dignity ; a jealous husband, none. Nobody l sympathises with my lord of Rimini, while all ' the world weeps for Lancelot and Franceses, I Even Eord, ere ho turns the tables on Sir 1 John, poses as an ass. All the riht was on j.my side, all -the offended dignity, nil tlio out- raged honesty ; yet somehow I felt, at that .moment, like an'ill conditioned cur. "Iam not hero in a religious capacity," ho .replied courteously, "so your sneer is hardly- fair. However, since I can be of no further .service, I will go." Ho turned softly to Ellon, holding ont his hand. " Good-bye. I hope you will he better' to morrow," " Good-bye, and thank you," sho replied, " It was so good of you to bring mo home." ' And so, with a courteous how to me, which I returned with a nod, ho retired victoriously. 'Yes," he had the best of it for the time being. For some minutes after he left, and while tho Bccnt of his perfamed handkerchief still filled the air, I stood moodily waiting. At last Ellen spoke. " I hopo yon aro not angry. What could I do ? I could not come liomo in shell pain, and no one else offered to escort me." " I did not ask you to excuse yourself,"' I said coldly. I saw the tears Btanding in her eyes. Her voice trembled as she murmured — " I did-not think you could have been so un kind!" As I did not answer, sho continued; — . "Of late you have net been like yourself. You used to trust me ; wo used to be -so -happy ! If this is to go ou, wc'liad better, se- Iparate ; it makes my lifo a misery." She had touched tho wrong chord,' if sho thought to move my pity. My jealous brain Was at work at once. Siie was thinking of a separation, then! Perhaps she wished 'it; and perhaps -the truo reason was her love for that man ? I Bpoko out in the heat of the moment— ' "If you wish to separate, it can ho ar ranged." She looked at me so pleadingly, so piteou'sly, . that I had to turn my eyes away. In encoun ters, of . this kind the man has no chance against tlio woman, especially if . he' is mag nanimous. What are all his arguments, all his indignation, against her' battery of ' woeful looks, her tears, her psendo. innocence,, and real helplessness? Ono feels" like a coward, too, in such anencounter. ' T did, I know. Nevertheless, "I was ready to give her the coup dc grace. " Show me that letter," I Baid suddenly. " What letter?" she asked, as if she did hot comprehend. ' " The letter you received from that man this morning." For a moment her clieclc3 went scarlet,'- then became deadly pale again. "Pray, do not attempt any subterfuge," I continued. " I know that you liavo b'eeu.'in correspondence. Where is that last letter ? ' I demand to see it." She replied without'hesitation. "You cannot see it." "' "Why?" " Because I have burned it." ' At this admission I lost 'my self-command, and utterod an execration. " " There was nothinin it," sho said sorrow- fully; "it was a-mererequcst for an interview. ' Yo'u-havo no right to be so- violent." "No right, woman I cried.' ' ' " ' " Tliore is'hothiug between us to make me ashamed. If I were the most guilty woman in tho world, you could not treat me more cruelly. You have no pit)-, none. It is my fault, my punishment, to have married a man- without sympathy, without roligion." Religion, again ! How I hated the.word ! It stnng me into retorting fiercely— " "It ia my jnisfortune, rather, to have, married a sentimental hypocrite !" I had gone too far. Her proud spirit rose against me. Palo and indignant, she. tried .to . rise to her feet. But sho had forgotten her sprained ankle. Her face was contracted with sudden torture, and, with a low cry of pain she fainted away upon the floor. ' ' 23rd December.— In two more days the. Christmas bells will ring, with their merry tidings of peace, good' will, and plum puddin", to all theworld. Well, mine is not likely to bo a cheerful Christmas day. ' The snow is still on tho ground, and more is falling ; and outside, the Manor, ea I write, tho dreariest, of dreary- winds is wailing. ' Here, inside, thore is even -grenter gloom. A 'oheerloss hearth, a husband' and wifo estranged. Bah ! the old story. Things haye' come to a crisis at last hotwecn us., I know now that I. must either Btriko a cruelblow;or lose, my wife for ever. Any mere armistico.is impossible. Eithor I must .assault my enemy's camp, got him by the throat, and cover him .with punishment and confusion; or. banl down my matrimonial fla" capitulate, and lot tho Church and the devil come in to tako possession. 