A REMARTfART.E TOBACCO-BOX. F On a certain dull afternoon a wcok or two ngo the table in tho sombro litllo vestry of St Mar garet's Westminister, groanod under a brilliant display of church plate. Golden chnliccs, guidon oups, golden dislie3, und a certain wondcrtui . tobacco-box (wo leavo it lo thusu learned ill matters ecclosiastical to docido whether such a profane arliclo may bo ranked as church plate), . j towering obovo all, formed a group such as would ' ' have delighted any connoisseur. In 1713, ono hundred and .seventy-one years ago, a certain Henry Monek, a genial soul, took homo with him from St Bartholomew's Fair a horn tobacco- box, for which he had paid tho humble sum of fourpeoce. Tim Monek was ono of forty over seers. of tho parish of St Margaret's, Westminis ter,' and tho happy thought occurred to him to present it to his thirty-nine colleagues, and year aftor;year it was produced at their weekly meet ings, well filled with tho chuicist and mo3t fragrant leaves of tho tobacco plant. Forty overseers relaxing ufier business was over, each- puffing from a' long churchwarden, must have been n goodly sight, though it docs occur to ono ' that" tho tobacco-box, which is about two inches square, must have had some of tho properties of the widow's cruse. If tho ghost of tho genial Monek ever walks tho earth, and looks in on the convivial gatherings of his brethren in tho year of our Lord 1884— the custom now ia to produce the box twico. a year — bo would feel highly flattered, and perhaps a litllo surprised, at tho growth of his gift. For, to put it plainly, what could once be carried to the meeting in his breeches-pocket is now a goodly burden for a four-whoelcd cab ; and oven then, it is said, tho drivcr.aaka fora double fare. At first a modest silver rim, with Mouck's naino inscribed thereon, .was placed round the old box ; and year alter year it became the custom to record on a silver .' plate or a silver band tho important event of tho jisyear, sometimes national, sometimes purely local, 11' sometimes an emblematical device, sometimes a portrait of the hero of tho hour. Then a dainty ''''tobacco-stopper of mother of pearl, attached by " 'ivsilver chain to the box, waB addod. Time rolled on, vestrymen were born, vestrymen were laid quietly in their graves, and a velvet-lined silver case was added in which reposed the original, now a corucation of silver ornaments, richly chased and embossed ; then anothor and another. And now this singular trophy consists . of seven distinct parts, each fitting into the other like the pieces of a Japanese puzzle. Of these -; one is.horn, four aresilver, and twouf oak. The last one, it ie estimated, will cover a period of eighty or ninety years. The earlier platos and -1' various inscriptions are most exquisitely en- ' 'graved ; in later days the heart seems to have '- 'been lost. In tho second case tho famous . . Wilkes; — who, oddly enough, was a churchwarden of St Margaret's in 175!) — squints up at ono .'.'from the bottom of tho box; then wo have a ' medallion of George HI., an altar-piece, an en graving of the overseers administering relief to the poor, Westminister Abbey, an engraving ex ecuted by Hogarth, battlefields and naval en- -.'gagements, such as Waterloo and Trafalgar, the trial of Queen Caroline, portraits of George IV., of Pitt, Fox, and other famous statesmen. The .: Queen and the members of hor family figure prominently in later days, and one of tho last -. plates is an engraving of Mr Belt's statue of i Lord Beaconsfield. But in the small space at our disposal it would bo impossible to give even . a catalogue of the curious records hero to be found. As wo have said, it is producod twice a "year to the body of assembled overseers, and during his office one of them is responsible for its safe custody. "Thi3 box," so runs the charge, " and tho several cases are tho property of the Fast Overseers' Society, and delivered in-, to your custody and caro, upon condition that they are produced at all parochial entertain ments which you shall be invited to, and shall contain three pipes of tobacco at least, under the penalty of six bottles of wine." Claret is the \- tipplo prescribed ; but no instance is recorded of a failure to obey the Draconian law. Once or twice indeed the relic lias been in jeopardy ; once in its youthful days from a thief, a second time from a recalcitrant and angry vestryman. ' Intriniscally it would not molt down for much. Ab a curiosity it is to bo cherished and cared for with veneratiou.- — Pall Mall Gazette. 