MELBOURNE. Tuesday. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) The Premier received a cablegram to-day con firmatory of the disastrous intelligence in con nection with New Guinea ap pearing in the morning papers. It was as follows:-“Seen Ger ? an a »nexations officially con firmed; some hope further negotiations Coin™, have written calling attention first three Svdnni resolutmns and asking whether Government means, recognise annexation.” The resolnMnn. li e e SvL%'n the are ‘hose S by ? . S . y , ine y Convention, m which it is affirmed that the acquisition of dominipu by i n ?s o „ tal V to r il OUth f of . ths ! quator wouid be detriment tal to the safety and well-being of the British possessions in Australasia, and injurious fo the Empire and that while the Convention whi?h“ ed h° m su^Se sting the method wh'oh such acquisition should be \ra. E ? nt ® d *t strongly advised that New Guinea should be incorporated in the Empire Upon receipt of this Mr Service telegraphed to V” various colonies,informing from tho a A»«nf n eram , had hooa just received : "£? Agent-General, stating that it had been ■a™BT«J a ? HOUDC j ldb y Germanv that she had Sfvit'' 10 ' 4 coast of New Guinea, and l ii n P rep “ retl t 0 unite in a joint to .,? er Majesty's Government against the recognition of Germany’s claim, especially in H h No f W „ Guine ":- J Th i 3 telegram has not ™ *rn 6 “ y ™P hed t - and the Cabinet were still sitting at the time I was compelled to despatch this letter. _ In addition to this the rremier has also received the amendments pro : posed by the lmperial Government on the Fade ral Council Bill. They are that the respective ! dependencies as well as the oolonies in the : racifio, should be included in the provisions of too measure, that any colony hereafter created in : Australasia should be admissible into the Council under the terms of the bill that the Queen may :by Order in Council increase the number of representatives of colonies that the Council may .deal with any matters which the Queen by Order in Council may refer to them, that bills passed by the Council will have no effect unless approved by the Secretary of State, or reserved for the Royal pleasure; thac section 20, with re gard to British vesseb,' shall not apply to Her Majesty s war ships, and in addittion anew clause is added, which provides that any colony may pass an Act declining to be bound by the deci sionB of the Council given thereafter, but that all ; the Acts of the Council previously passed shall be binding on it. Tbis power of retirement was the- ■ ! principal and designed omission in the Federal Council Bill, and really is the giat of the whole matter, for, with it no permanent Council is pos sible. \ An adjourned examination summons in the estato of Wm. Morrison, of Lethbridge, grazier, was heard in the Insolvency Court to-day, before his Honour Judge Noel.' Mr Braham appeared for the trustees. Mr A. M’Leao, M.L.A.,' a member of a stock-and station agency firm was in the witness-box all day, gave a detailed account of his firm’s transactions with the iuso'» vent and his brother, Mr Farquhar Morrison. Mr O'Farrell, stock and station agent, of Bal larat, was in attendance to be examined, but Mr M'Lean’s ovidenoe had not been concluded when the examination was adjourned to the Bth February next. . The inhabitants of St. Hilda have of late been in some consternation through the antics of a frisky ghost, which nightly deports itself in the looal' cemetery. The description of his or her ghostship are as much varied as the doings of that uncanny visitant from the unknown land, and while some contend that the being is tall and given to sighing, others laid stress on their belief that it is small with luminous eyes, whilst the sighs are increased to wailings. But, pro bably this is a re- enaotment of the Chameleon business. Last night a mob of young men sallied out to interview the “ woman in white ’’ who, however, probably being informed of the circum stance by her attendant spirits, did not make the usual appearance. The young fellows, how ever, found the man in blue, who proved to be fully as troublesome as the average ghost, for not himself believing in spirits unless cased in glass, he strongely resented the action taken to lay the supposed unearthly visitant, and took the names of several of the bearers of bats, spades, whips, and other weapons. The charges which came before the looal court this morning were elastic, and all for insulting behaviour. The youpg men were discharged, but they will not again offer that ghost an insult when its friendly policeman is about. Affairs financial do not appear to have pros pered with the promoters of Ye Olde Eoglishe Xtmas, which was intended to raise funds for Trinity Church. The loss is stated to be con siderable, and instead of the anticipated harvest a deficit of several hundreds is reported as the result of the undertaking. The imposing pile erected in Russell street, and known as “ Waverley,” was the subject of an application before the Licensing Bench to-day. Twelve months ago a license was refused on the grounds that an hotel was not required in the lo cality, and regret was expressed at this decision, as the place was one likely to be used chiefly by visitors, and had not been designed for a local bar trade. On this occasion the applicant was more successful, and the license was granted. When the application of Frank Gold for a ro newal of the license of the Criterion hotel came on the police, who opposed the application, endeavoured to obtain an adjournment of the case. The Bench thought it unfair to further postpone the matter, and as the police were not prepared to go on the license was granted. The licenses of several suburban hotels were also dealt with, the majority being renewed. As far as the Union can prevent it the opera tive bootmakers on strike are not to have a miserable Xmas on that account. A half week’s strike pay will be distributed to-morrow, so that Xmas dinners may be provided. At the Criminal Court Thomas Cooke was placed upon bis trial eharged with an attempted criminal assault on the wife of a neighbour at whose house he was visiting on the sth inst. at Sandridge road. The prisoner was found guilty of common assault and remanded for sentence. Lieutenant Collins, a well-known naval officer, who came out in charge of one of the Victorian gunboats, has been promoted to be a com mander. At a meeting of the Executive Coun cil, held this afternoon, bis appointment was confirmed. The prisoners at Pentridge have been denied their illegal Christmas luxuries owing to the negligeoce of the officials. On the approach of the festive season discharged prisoners who have some feeling for their more unfortunate brethren plant or attempt to plant contraband articles in the quarry works. For some.nights past a special watch consisting of five warders has been set and early this morning their labours were attended with snccess, much to the disgust of two gentlemen named. Richard Watson alias John Smith, and John Clancy alias James Murphy, who were discovered with swags con taining 391 figs of tobacco, with tea, coffee, cocoa, chocolate, and other articles much sought after by persons who are undergoing involun tary incarceration. The newspaper reading members of the prisoners were also considered, and for their edification files of the journals con taining the fullest accounts of the Slack affair furnished. Messrs Watson and Clancy were proceeded against at the Coburg court to-day and remanded for a week. Mr Candler, the district coroner, held an in quest at Brighton to-day on the body of William Macdonald Browno, ene of the three young men who left Sandridge on Sunday week to visit some friends at Frankston. The body, which was washed ashore on the Brighton beach on Satur-. day morning, wos badly mutilated, and was only identified by the clothing. The left arm was absent, and appeared to have been bitten off by a Bhark. Internally all the organs were healthy. The father of the deceased, who is a well known spiritualist, was about to tell the coroner How the party met their death asjrevealed by spirit mediums, but the coroner said he would rather not hear it. The jury, after a brief deliberation, returned a verdict that the deceased was found dead, having died from the effects of drowning, but there is no direct evidence to Bhow how he got into the water. The excise officers were on the warpath to day, and proceeded against William Burke, the licensee of the Red Lion hotel, Lonsdale street, for placing spirits other than the purported stuff in bottles bearing Kirker Greers braDd. Reedy, the Cnstoms offioer, visited the hotel, and on testing the contents of a bottle said it was not the genuine article. Mr Brace the Customs expert, gave evidence that it was 38-2 under proof. Tne defence was that the de fendant did not reduce the liquor, _ and be could, not tell who did so. The Bench inflicted a fine, of £lO, with £1 Is costs. 