VIGTOIIIA AMATEUR TUBF" CLUB. CACLITIKLD GUI' MEETING. fB Telegraph, i Melbourne. Saturday, Tho spring meeting of tho Y.A.T.C. commtnccd at Caulfield on Saturday. The weathei was wretched, rain falling intermittently, with cold winds blowing. Tho attendance, taking this into consideration, was capital. Splendid fields con- tested each event, the racing being of a mo it in teresting character. Tbe great interest of tbe meetmg whs centered in the Gnincat, for whicn thirteen horses faced the etartcr, Bnfas being served up a hot favourite at threes to ono, Tho pot, however, completely boiled over, for Sandal who was scarcely over mentioned in the betting, came in fir t, followed by Gratitude and Helena in tho order named, South Australia thns having the honor of taking the three positions. Norton, the rider of Phnon, in tho Great Foil Stake, was disqualified for three months for deliberate dis obedience of tho starter's orders. MAIDEN I'LATE. Norfolk, liv Stockholm— Pleotwlog, Bat Bib Wllllami 1 Duration, Sat 6tb Powo f 3 Vaseo, 7at 71b Ktherldir, 8 Otbrr itartori; Capri, Poloal-r, Carbuncle, Quiao II 'If, Conjecture, Verne., Muzirt,tMotat,|Uawlbora, Dargo, Bar, Font Htro, On it/, i. Batting: 7 to 4 Boy, a tol Norfolk, 7 to 1 Otpri and Oon- Jectuto. M to 1 Dnratlon. PoleaUr was ibo flrnt away, and led along tbs back, Icllonod by Norfolk and Vavoo- Naarlng tbo aod wall, tbe Uet-nauied took tbe load, bat wai diapltcod near tba tarn by Peal Ktrc, oloeel. follawod by Norfolk, wltb Duration coming foal. Once Id tbo atralgnt, Norfolk took tbe lead, aod. after a floe atrogglo wltb Dnratlon, landed the raoe by liall-n-lenglb. Vaioo wai third, three loagtbe away, aod Miod eanio font Htro, Vernot. Bey, with Oarbonolo and I'olcatar last. 7 into, lmln 49«eo. FIRST HURDLE RACE. Bloktog Fund, by Tim Wbllfier— Jeirfe, Sat Sib . . Har den „ 1 Yate'y. lktl'b Batty 1 Tantollior, Sit 81b _ .. Oerrlgin 3 litlnr etarteia: Star, Rolio Brandon, Wn-t Ooast. ekobo- loll, Toll Tale, Tetter, Ooooord, Ditto, Dawdler, Weitaru, Canute, Cpartan. Betting: 3 to 1 Yetely, S to 1 Taotallier, 0 to X Stoboloff 7 to 1 Htar, 10 tol Sinking Paad. Yalely waa over tbe Brat bardie la advance, bat Blaklog Pand lod part the ataad, tallowed by Yetely, Taalellaer, ana Dawdler, Y ately went to tbe front at tbe bill, and lod to tbi odwall, where tanking Fund displaced him, Teotalleer being cioro up. Tble order waa maiutalnod to tbe Oolab. Blnkieg Fund beating the favourite by little over a leogtb. Tautallror balog a length away third; thou o,tns Tattlor. Star, Hell Brandon, Tell Tale, and Dawdltr. Ditto and Bkobeloff loll Tlino, 3m!n lrco. GREAT FOAL STAKES. Ringmaster by King ot tboRlug— Tatoly, 8«t .. Moo-e 1 OoaU, 7-tlJlb : 0. vViliIame J Umbra, 7et 1 01b _ ., O'Brlea 8 Otbor itorurs : Gulibrner, Pint l'rlaoa, Baavlgoon, Oarew, Pbaou, Merry Zmaa, Narrowcon, Oloth ot Gold, Lady Adelaide. Dotting I B to 1 IUagmaator, 5 to I Pbaou and Umbra, S to 1 First Piiooe. Olotb of Oold wai firet off, but wai aoon dltpltoed by Nar- rowo.n, olorelr followed by Umbra. Nearlog tee straight Oarew ibowodlu front, bntOnataled up tbo atralgbt to lbs dlataboe, where Rlegmaitor came out and won an Interest- lag raoe by a loogtb from Oaita, Umbra wai third, then caino Flrn Prioae and Baavlgoon. Ltdy Adelaide fell at tbe inrn into the lualgbt. Time, Cljito. CAULFIELD GUINEAS, Bandal, by Wtnterlako -Inetep, 8it — .. Traban 1 Oratltude, 8at _ ., ,, ,. Williamson 3 Heleno, 8/t M'Grade 8 Otbor etartcra : - Merrlmn, Rclue, David. Leporvllo, Tremando, blrocoo, Pilot, Boliomlau, WoitalUbab. llebai. Bettlig: 3 to I Rnfui, 6 tol Helena, 7 to 1 Tromiido, 8 to 1 David, Oratltudo, Ucrrimu, aod Blroeoo, 100 to 8 Eandal. Grntlfodo wae firit away, followed by Bandal, Slroooo. David, Tremando, Bohemltu, and Loporotlo, no change ot sote occurring till taming into tbo straight. when Baodat took np tbo running. and raoed np tbe atralgbt bard held, winning by two lengtba tram Oratltudo. JIoTone wai tblrd, three length, behind; lh>n camo Blrocoo, David, Ralut, Tremando, Bohemian, Merrimn, and Leporello, Pilot lait. Time, lioiu COjsee 1'INDON HARRIERS VABB, Chlcllalo, Hat 21b T. Wataon 1 Abdalta, 12et 181b „ B. Watson 8 Clown, llat Sib .. „ Qlaioook 3 Olboretartere: Banoo.Bypbon, Yankee Grab, Banyenong. Antelojie, Bmily, Marqule, Pilot, Peeping Tom, Mormou, Terror, Oar Boy, Sprightly, Lord of tbo Foreit. Bereiford, Redoubt, Random, Laird, Skyrcoket, Fin. on, Chatter, air Robert, and Claude. Butting i I to 1 Chieftain, 8 to I Ablallnb, 7 to I Clown, 10 and 13 to 1 others. The flag loll In tbo midst ol a lieavy rbower, and tbo barrel, well together, took the llr-t (once In (rent of tbe stnnri, Wanyeoug, perbupe, having a alight advantage, i ankeoG.-uh nud Barooe led np tlie bill aud over tbe aooood fence, which brought down lour. Antelope and Poeplng Tern run lata third aud fourth plaoee at tbo baok, tbe otbera being close np Rcdonbt banlktd at this point, and Laird ran rouud tie louoe a little lartbor on. Ynekeo drab waa flrat Into tbe atralgbt, nod led over (oar fencer, followed by Our Boy; Baicoo, Banjiaoot, and Abdullah, Antelope, Bypbon, Peeping Tom, and Clrcf- talu be-lot well np. Abdallih took lead as tbuy weut round tho torn, but along tbo back Yonkco Grab again tisumoi tho pride ol place. As thoy approaobod the last lenco, Yan kee Grab, Peeping Tom, Syphon. Abdailabaad Cblrft itn wore all In it, but tho three Orel named came dowa/tho remit bong thai Cbieltalo and Abdallab ltao tba ilulsb bHween tbmn, tho lavonrlte winning rat), or oaslly hv fixo or Bix length), Clown third, Peeping Tom fourth, with Oar Boy, Bgrooo, uad Antolopo next. Time, Gmln SBseo. TOORAK HANDICAP. Precious Btonr. 7st Itlb „ Robortson 1 Meteor, 7«t lUlb.. ., „ ilooro " Prodigal, ielMb .. .. Wllllami 8 Other starters! Bapld, Kepler, Don Qblvoto, Irral.-e, Corlolanus, Llttln Sister, Andes, Ghost, Ooautrym.ni Losbla, Muscat, Ironhtuid, Jo/epblno, Xantippe, Permit, Aootyto. Time, luun 61 sec. Betting: 5 to i Meteor, G to 1 Don Quixote, 7 to I Precious Btono, 8 tol Leah a. Joreplilue and Pormll wore qniekest off. bnt at tbe back Countryman weut to tho (rent, followed by Mnrcat and Leabla. As thoy approaobod tbe turn into tho straight tho horeca Isat mentioned, and Joeo pblse, Rapid, Prodigal, and Meteor, a-cro prominent, bat ball-way down tho straight Prodooi Htane camo tbruugh. and won with ease Irom Moteor, Prodigal third, and thro '-I1?0. Countryman, Oorlalanut, atxl Don Quixote, with Ironhaud last. Time, lmln. 61 roc. 