The Morning Bulletin, ROCKHAMPTON. MONDAY, JUNE 2, 1884. FARMERS and selectors have been led, by the prospect of the introduction of a system of leasing in connection with the public lands, to consider the question of rent. Ambitious social economists have been airing new theories and definitions of rent, in harmony with the radical views upon land-holding, which have recently come into fashion. It is not our purpose to discuss these at present. For the matter we propose to consider in the present article, it will be sufficient to regard rent as—the difference between the cost of cultivating the land, and the value of the products which result from such cultivation. In a popular sense rent is the sum a tenant has to pay a proprietor for the use of houses or land. So long as land was plentiful, and the presence of inhabitants on the soil was an advantage to the owners, rent was not a matter to which the latter gave much heed. To use an expressive term, the kindly tenants of king and noble "sat easy." Within the present century the rapid increase of population has multiplied the number of those who seek to gain a livelihood by farming. It has also enhanced the demand for food-stuffs the produce of the land. Land being in great request owners, who were not themselves cultivators, have increased the terms on which others might have the use of it. Thus, in old and densely peopled countries, rents have risen to an unexpected ex- tent, while the cost of cultivation by the farmer has also been magnified. A strained state of feeling has arisen, be- tween landlords and tenants, respecting the division of rent in its economic ac- ception—that is the surplus of the value of the products over the cost of cultiva- tion. Owners complain that the interest on the capital value of land is less than on any other property. Tenants, on thc other hand, maintain the cost of pro- duction has become so great that they cannot pay the high charges for the use of the soil. The quarrel, for it almost amounts to that, is about the division of the margin of profit between the cost of production, and the value of the products. In all the wrangling that has taken place, it has only been suggested in ex- ceptional instances, that a reversion should be made to the old system of payment in kind. Under the primitive forms of tenancy the occupant of the land was under obligation to give the owner a certain proportion of the stock or agricultural produce. Besides service, in case of war, a yeoman was required to furnish the larder of his lord with so many beeves, sheep, swine, poultry, and measures of the grain and loads of the timber grown upon the hold- ing. Kane, due to the king and church, was an assessment of this description, which survived till a very recent period, and has been computed into rates. Church tithes are levies on the produce of the land, sanctioned by long usuage, and altered in form to suit the condition of the times. Readers of history must be familiar with the manner in which the supplies for the religious institutions of the middle ages were raised, and the picture of "Bolton Abbey in the olden time," showing the lusty monks, con- templating a collection of fish, game, &c.;, is familiar to every one. Had the principle embodied in this form of rent- paying been continued till the present time, and altered slightly to suit the new order of things, there would have been more harmony between landlords and tenants. Were the rent made determinate on the yield of the land, and the amount of produce to be shared by landlord and tenant agreed upon, there would be less room for contention. Suppose it were arranged, for instance, that an occupant was to pay so many bushels of grain, and so many head of cattle, in proportion to the number raised on the farm, the payable rent would come and go with the seasons. In a prosperous year the laird as well as the tenant would have cause to rejoice ; in a bad year the former as well as the latter would feel the pinch caused by circum- stances. There would then be no de- mand for abatement of rent when a crop failed, or a plague reduced the head of stock. In letting land a pro- prietor would offer it to the cultivator who gave him the largest proportion of the produce. It would be for the latter to calculate carefully how much that should be. Agreements should require to be terminable at the option of the landlord, as a poor unimproving tenant, though giving him a larger ratio of the annual produce, could not make a return equal to that which might be made by a more enterprising occupant, who gave a smaller proportion of produce in kind. The fairness of such a system must commend it to every one, and suggests the consideration—whether the principle could not be embodied in the leasing system about to be tried by the Govern- ment. Of course the State in its capacity of landlord could not be ex- pected to take payment in kind, as the barons and monks of old did ; but the proportion to which it was entitled could be fixed, and composition in the form of money accepted. Suppose, for instance, that a block of country were let for sheep grazing purposes, and that after careful examination it was ascer- tained or estimated it could in ordinary seasons carry so many head to the square mile ; that the cost to the grazier of stocking and superintending was also calculated ; and that so many sheep per hundred,—that is a per centage of head, was agreed upon as the proportion to which the State was entitled, the average price per head current in the market in the year referred to, would be the money rent for which the lessee should be liable. Such an arrangement would be of an elastic character. In a good season — when lambs were numerous, the grass abundant, and the clip of wool large—the State would benefit, because of the enhanced return to be made to it. What he could easily afford the tenant would not grudge to pay. Should there come a disastrous season, when the revenue realised by the produce of the run was small, then the State would suffer ; and the demand on the tenant for rent would be no greater than he could bear. Fixed money pay- ments in the old country have proved objectionable, because, when a succes- sion of bad seasons occurred, and the cost of production far exceeded the value of the produce, farmers were ruined. Sometimes generous landlords have made an abatement in the rent, or allowed tenants time to recover the results of adverse circumstances ; but more generally agents and factors have turned the latter out of their tenancies. Were the tenants' rental made proportional to the year's produce, he would have every encouragement to improve good times, and less reason to dread evil days. There is much to commend it in a system of rental, based on a sliding scale, relative to production. THE construction of the telegraph line from Pine Hill to Jericho has been completed by Mr. W. Davis, the contractor. A second wire is now being put up for the use of the public, the erection of which will be com- pletcd in the course of the next few weeks. The length of the section is 53 miles 32 chains, and of this there is about twenty- three miles of wiring to be done. We under- stand that the line will be continued to Barcaldine—a distance of 65 miles 40 chains. IF a similar law were in force here as in Singapore, where prosecutors are fined for bringing trumpery actions in the Police Court, there would be less time taken up than there is now in the hearing of paltry and frivolous charges. The Straits Times, Singapore, states that two men were charged with using criminal force to one Merah Hossain, and with committing the theft of eight bank notes of 10 dols. each. After evidence had been led the prisoners were discharged, and the prose- cutor find 10 dols. for bringing a frivolous charge, the money to be paid to the accused. IN regard to the illness of the Hon. J. F. Garrick, we (Courier) learn that under the direction of Drs. Bancroft and Little, who are in attendance upon him at the Union Club, no one is allowed to visit the patient, and every care is taken to keep him perfectly quiet. His many friends will be glad to learn that a slight change for the better which was noticeable by Mr. Garrick's condition yester- day (Monday) was followed by further improve- ment in the evening. There is no immediate cause for alarm concerning his case, though his medical advisers consider it necessary to use every precaution to prevent excitement. The principal cause of Mr. Garrick's illness is a wound on the shin, caused by his slipping from the kerbing in Queen- street. THE prospectus of the Toowoomba Foundry and Railway Rolling Stock Manufacturing Company Limited, with a capital of £20,000, of £5 each, appears in the southern journals. The provisional directors invite applications for 3000 shares, £1 to be paid on application, £2 on allotment, and the balance as may be required in calls of not more than 10s. per share, at intervals of not less than three months. The company is being formed to develop the business of Messrs. Griffiths Bros. and Co., of the Toowoomba Foundry, estab- lished in 1871. The foundry, including a sawmill plant, capable of turning out 8000 feet of hardwood per week, has been offered by the proprietors to the company for £10,000, half in cash, and half the owners will accept in fully paid-up shares. There are at present four contracts in hand for the Southern and Western Railway. IN the circular of Messrs. W. Westgarth and Co., dated London, 4th April, appears the following :—"We offer a timely remark here with reference to the wholesale alienation of the public lands of Australia. It specially applies to those colonies which have yet a large unalienated Crown territory. South Australia, Queensland, even the senior of all, New South Wales, and, more than any, that vast and as yet almost empty area which is still termed Western Australia. Our remark bears upon the very slight value which such lands have in a marketable sense, and as a financial power towards colonial public objects ; for instance, as a help for immigration projects, or towards Government subvention for railway construction undertaken by private enterprise. When a colony alienates to-day millions of acres towards such enterprise, it parts for next to nothing with a value which, in twenty-five or fifty years, will be most vital to its means and well-being. The colony can wait, but the investor or speculator who seeks immediate returns, cannot wait, and with him value postponed for even twenty-five years is hardly for to-day reckon- able value at all. Without pretending to enter upon the general question of colonial land policy, we would point out that great alienation of the public lands, owing to those comparatively long- deferred prospects of pecuniary return, count for all but absolutely nothing in providing capital for present ex- penditure. A colony had best therefore refrain from those huge alienations of the fee, simple to a few individuals, or to an outside proprietary, who so lightly estimate the possession." THE directors of the Central Queensland Co-operative Baking Company have come to the conclusion that it will not be advisable to commence business until they can do so in premises of their own, as the expense would be greater than a new venture could afford. The number of shares taken up is about 800, on most of which the allotment money has been paid ; but it is desirable in order to facilitate matters, and place the company on a good substantial basis, that the public should come forward and take up the shares more freely. To lose no time the directors have prepared plans for a store, foreman's residence, &c.;, and, as will be seen by our advertising columns, tenders are invited for the work. The shop and foreman's quarters will be attached, but the bakehouse, &c.;, will be some distance away. The dimensions of the first building will be 22 feet by 24 feet, and will face Murray-street. It will consist of a shop and meeting-room in front, with a four-roomed cottage for the foreman in the rear. A space of forty feet will intervene between the latter and the bakehouse, so as to allow of future extension of either building. In the front of the bakehouse, which will be 18 feet by 30 feet, will be the flour and bread- store, and at the rear the oven, capable of turning out four hundred loaves at a batch. At the opposite and rear end of the allotment will be a shed for two carts, a harness room, and three-stalled stable. Every effort will be put forth to have the work completed, and it may be expected that in two months' time baking will be commenced. On dit in Observer—That Dr. Benson, of Gympie, is a shareholder in the famous Mount Morgan Mine, has retired from his profession, and means to contest Maryborough. THE programme of the grand amateur concert to be given on Wednesday evening in aid of the funds of the School of Arts, and on the occasion of the opening of the enlarged hall, has just reached us ; and we learn from it that the entertainment will be of a high character. Some of our best local vocalists will appear, and the songs will be varied and attractive. A MAN named Thomas James was arrested on Saturday night on a charge of being illegally on the Convent grounds in Kent- street. He was cautioned on one occasion, and put out of the grounds, but the second time the police were sent for, and he was taken into custody. When the inmates of the Convent were aware of his presence the assistance of the Rev. Father Mulhall was obtained, and he managed to secure James until the arrival of the police. Some excite- ment was caused by the incident, and quite a crowd collected. The intruder will be brought before the Police Magistrate this morning. THE Saturday evening concert was again largely attended. The chair was occupied by Mr. G. Pardy, who was supported by Messrs. Orford and Gibbett (Secretary). The proceed- ings were of the usual character, and afforded a very pleasant evening's amusement. The vocalists were—Messrs. Williams, Pocock, Hutton, Paige, Keir, Johnson, Thomson, Carrick, Bryan, Rowley, Goodwin, Bray, and Brown. Recitations were delivered by Masters Pardy and Thomson, and a lady gave several choice selections on the piano. The collections were 7s. 10d., which is 8s. 2d. short of the rent to be paid for the hall. THE extent to which mining is carried on in this district is not generally known to the public, and it is only occasionally that they are enlightened as to where the precious metal is being obtained by small parties of men. A resident of Stanwell informs us that there is now about fifteen men engaged in alluvial mining between Warren, a few miles beyond Stanwell, and the Native Cat Diggings ; and another party are at Stewart's Creek. The want of water is the great draw- back to operation in these localities, but the men are stated to be making wages by picking the gold out of the dirt. Large stacks of the latter are ready for washing. IN the Government Gazette of the 10th May the summaries of rainfall at the meteorological stations of the colony are published. The fall at Aramac was 0.18 in.; at Banana, 0.27 in.; Blackall, 0.30 in.; 33 mile, Central Railway, 0.35 in.; Charters Towers, 0.09 in.; Emerald, 0.01 in.; Gladstone, 1.10 in.; Nebo, 0.63 in.; Nive, 0.55 in.; Orion Downs (Spring- sure), 0.17 in.; Rockhampton, 0.25 in.; St. Lawrence, 4.10 in.; Tambo, 0.73 in.; Winton, 0.26 in.; and Woodlands, 2.06 in. The greatest fall in twenty-four hours was 5 in. —at Cabulture on the 5th April ; the greatest number of days rain fell, 17—at Herbert River ; and the greatest rainfall, 9 in.—at Cabulture. At Chudleigh Park, Clermont, Creen Creek, Georgetown, Gilbert River, Junction Creek, and Telemon no rain fell. IT is to be hoped that the position of the Magistracy at Clermont will receive the at- tention of the Ministry, and that the Hon. Mr. Sutton, Mr. Wallace, and Mr. Stevenson will use their influence to procure the appointment of a locum tenens for the Police Magistrate, Mr. Henry, who has gone south on prolonged leave of absence. At present there are only three Justices of the Peace in Clermont, and as one of them will not sit on the same seat with one of the others, a great deal of work, responsi- bility, and reflections are thus cast upon the third. The services of country justices are very seldom available. In all courts where two magistrates are required the third justice referred to has to sit, and should he be out of the way no business can be done. Attention having been called to these circumstances we trust an accession to the Bench will be made. THE chill nights, absence of rain, and sun- shine, have made the grass in most places very dry and inflammable, and the danger of bush fires has increased in consequence. Mobs of cattle and horses are travelling in the district, and complaints reach us that parties in charge of them are not so careful as they should be in extinguishing their campfires. A selector in the vicinity of the railway and a creek has been put to much trouble, and been greatly alarmed recently by the result of care- lessness in this matter. On a recent occasion a party of stock travellers left the grass burning in several places ; the flames were within a few feet of the fence of the cultiva- tion paddock, and four men were employed as many hours in putting them out. Men who leave camp fires burning are unfit to be in charge of stock, and we hope the police will catch and make an example of some offender. THE audience at the Theatre Royal on Saturday evening was as large as could be expected, and also very enthusiastic. Mr. Barlow, as usual, afforded considerable amuse- ment by his delineation of different characters. His "Old Reuben Brown," "Lucy Peel," and "The Ghost," were funny in the extreme ; and as "Smiling Tom" and "Fair Girl Dressed in Check," whilst portraying two totally different characters, it is difficult to say in which he excelled. Of his "Blue Tail Fly" too much cannot be said, and it was not to be wondered at that he had to re-appear. Mr. Oscar Smith dis- pensed with his ventriloquial entertainment, and performed several very clever tricks, which elicited hearty plaudits, as did also his efforts as a negro delineator. The programme was carried out with little intermission, and brought to a close by the farce "A Country Hospital." This evening there will be another change of programme. A MEETING of residents in Stanwell district was held in the School-house there on Satur- day evening, to discuss the advisability of getting a road formed from Stanwell to the Mount Morgan Diggings. There were about thirty persons present. Mr. J. Sanderson was voted to the chair. The Chairman, in opening the meeting, referred to a conversation he had had with Mr. Holdsworth, the Traffic Manager of the Central Railway, on the subject, and pointed that a great advantage would be gained to the district and residents at the Dee River by the construction of a road from Stanwell, espe- cially as it was next to impossible for vehicles of any kind to get within seven miles of the diggings by the road at present used. Mr. T. Chapple informed the meeting that in com- pany with Mr. Gay he had visited the Dee Range on Thursday, but found that between the heads of Stony and Quarry Creeks the country was impracticable. Mr. Gay endorsed the opinion expressed by Mr. Chapple, and said they believed it would be found practi- cable from the other side of Stony Creek, but having been travelling all day with unshod horses over very rough country, they were unable to take a second route that day.—Mr. Lamond made a few pithy and sensible re- marks on the subject, and it was decided to see Messrs. J. Jones and Connors, for the purpose of obtaining further information respecting the district not yet traversed. It was further decided that the formation of a party to take another route be left in the hands of Messrs. Chapple, Lamond, and Gay. THERE were no cases for hearing at the Police Court on Saturday. As we had anticipated, the engine used for working the stone-breaking machinery at the Quarry was taken out to the Racecourse Lagoon on Saturday afternoon, thereto be utilised in pumping water into the Crescent Lagoon. FROM a memorandum forwarded by the Customs officials we observe that the collec- tions for the month were £10,756 16s., and for the last half-year £64,347 6s. 10d. The latter, as compared with the corresponding period of last year, was an increase of £12,113 19s. 9d. THE population of this district has been augmented by the arrival on Saturday evening of a contingent of immigrants by the B.I.S.N. Company's s.s. Merkara. They were brought up to town in the steam launch Mabel, and taken to the Depôt, where they were com- fortably housed by the wardsman, Mr. J. Beasley. WE would remind parents and guardians that it has been decided to form a juvenile branch of the Church of England Temperance Society here, and a meeting will be held to- night in St. Paul's Church. We may remark that the pledge is total abstinence, that children between seven and fifteen years of age only can be enrolled, and only with the consent of their parents and guardians. A TELEGRAM was received yesterday by In- spector Stuart from Senior-constable Williams, of Marlborough, stating that a new chum had been missing since Tuesday last from Balcomba Station, twenty- eight miles from Duaringa. The station hands have been searching for the missing man, but without success, and Mounted-constable Fahey will leave by train this morning for Duaringa, where he will be joined by black trackers, and continue the search. THE usual monthly meeting of the Central Queensland Farmers' and Selectors' Associa- tion was held in the museum-room of the School of Arts on Saturday forenoon. Present : Messrs. F. H. Hobbler (in the chair), C. Goebel, L. F. Landsberg, T. Eddy, F. Wust, E. Bates, and R. Spencer (Secretary). The business transacted was of little importance. A letter was received from the Under-Secre- tary for Lands acknowledging the receipt of a letter re the desirability of granting quarterly timber licenses, and stating that the necessary action to authorise the issue of such licenses was about to be taken. A sub- committee, consisting of Messrs. Landsberg, Bates, and Spencer was appointed to make alterations and additions in the Society's almanac for 1885, and report at the next meeting for con- sideration. The meeting then terminated. MEMBERS of the Rockhampton Philharmonic Society are reminded that a practice, for vocalists only, will be held at Messrs. Beal and Co.'s rooms this evening. 