THS€§»T&IB;«I§», Would He Have Lived ? A REMARKABLE REMIN I8CENCE. (COXCLUXtBD.) The t fficia's now deputed, and I also loft lor the doctor's residence, . just across ihe Plaza, to order refreshment to be flent to the gaol forhimBelf and his assistant, as thry de ' -dared iheir intention of not leiving the place for a moment. I did not return* tUl the next morning, and I still found the indefatigable pair 'watching over the breathing, living body of Pablo Bieda. Fifty-eight hours had now elapsed, and the doctor, .. beckoning me yp to the stretcher, pointed significantly with ? finger on lip to a part of the patient's neck where the dis placed birdage revealed the hideous soar, and to my almost horror I siw that cicatrisation was faBt taking place, or, in plain JEngiisn, tnat neaa ana Doay were once more Be coming one. I againOfentieated Duqueane to desist and to remove his galvanio appliances, reminding him at the came time that in -any case the-man's life was forfeited to the State, and that . he could not save him, even if— which, however* I could scarcely .bring myself to believe— he conld again make a feeling, moving creature oi the .body before us, beang^eo X said— pretty wdl certain that if electricity was discontinued the .wonderfully abnormal effects which had ensued would also cease. The doc tor listened to my reasoning in silence (his assistant .was now fast asleep in one of the chairs), then coolly replied that the body was his, his to do with as he wonld ; at the aame^ime producing a revtlver and laying it on tbe table : close fo lds hand. Then turning again to his machine he In a second stopped life-giving current, when what was my surpriseto see the feeble hat regular breathing still continue, to feel the pulse still beat, to feel a faint flattering of tbe great blood-organ itself, and, mirabilt dietu, to be able to detect a slight but unmistakable twitching of toes and fingCM, -which had altogether lost their chilly and rigid con dition of but a few houn ago. Allar allowing about minute* to elapse the doctor, with* a triumphant smile, again set his instalments in motion. The man was, to intents and purposes, alive. X could see that Daquesne was labouring under groat excite ment, and the terrible idea possessed me that his brain might be giving way — an idea nis words and actions seemed to favour, fori barring tbe door carefnllv. he came up to where I sat and said, pointing to the bed, *' Our lives for his f' 1 saw that he expected an resent, so nodded my head, keep ing- my eyes fixed on the revolver, whioh lay close to his right hand. '41a, ha. ha !' laughed the doctor ; ' I knew yon would be tree to the cauBe. I hadtto put that fellow off to sleep (pointing to hiB assistant) — ' for directly they bring their priests, which they are sure to do soon, he would have given4 up. 1 know them so well. Not for 50 such miserable lives as his would 1 abandon my idea. Listen, mon ami, ami de ma jeunesse ! He there whom you see shall as surely arise aud walk and name his being, as ever did son of Nain's widow, and I— I, one of earth's poorest creatures shall have worked this miracle, have called with tbe power ful voice of science the spirit back to it6 home — life to the lifeless, immortality to mankind.' This was enunciated with flashing eye and haughty bear ing; but, suddenly changing to the familiar 'tutoyer,' he spoke in French : ' And tbon, companion of my youth and friend of later years— thou wilt share in my renown aud glory; thyself shalt be amongst the.gitted race of whom my secret; for there is one far removed from the mere mechanical aids' — pointing tothebatteries andinstruments— ' that thou teest there shall create. Choose thou, then, mon ami , amongst all the heads of the most learned in arts and sciences, the most -eminent amongst all the princes of the earth, amongst all the noble crowd of illustrious workers who die daily, and when thou feelest that thine own time Is truly at band, thou shalt live again in it, and it intbee.' The doctor was a raving monomaniac, and as this un welcome conviction forced itself upon me I heard a violent | krocking at the door, mingled with the sound of voices demanding admittance, which was promptly refused by Duquesne, confident in the strength of th# massive iron bar which secured it on the inside. After a time the sound of feet and voices died away, and ' if my thoughts just then could have been jotted down they would have real something in this style ' Tbis is a nice scrape I have got into this time, and no mistake about it. Duquesne's mad as a hatter, aBd if those confounded priests get hold of us they'll just as likely as not make a bonfire of the lot, Pablo there, and all. I haven't forgotten the pleasant lok on that old padre'B face ! when he spat, rather than exclaimed, ' Heretico condenado' to that fellow on the scaffold. 1 know the people here think a lot of Duquesne, but that won't save him, sfter bringing Pablo to life again ; besides they, living in such a horrid hole, would naturally be delighted at the idea of a full handed auto-da-fe. Ugh!' And I shivered when I re membered the way they had tortured a poor devil of an Indian, whom they were trying to *' Christianise,' in Bogota, about twelve months before. Thirtv years ago, in many parts of the great Southern continent, nerctieot were at a dead discount, except for fuel. ' Burn or embrace' used to be the formula ; and, though the former mandate was rarely carried out, and then mostly au secret% torture and imprisonment, or lifelong labour in Brazilian mines, was a disagreeable enough alternative. I had, it is true, in my pocketbook half-a-dozen 'passes'* from presidents, senators, and other Republican swells ; but 1 was, on tbe either hand, fully alive to their value in' a land over which revolutions and eaithquakee seemed to hold about equal sway. There was nothing more certain than that of his own free will the doctor would not let me out. I conld see it in his eye. So I tried by sundry pokes and hard pinches to awaken tbe assistant; but he seemed Btuoefied an d inert under the influence of the anaesthetic administered by his master, and my attempts made not the slightest impression on him. However I was determined, if possible, not to fall a victim to the scientific vagaries of my friend and to make an attempt to cave both of us from the consequences of bis unlooked for success as a 'revivalist.' Just at this moment I could hear below us the strains of martial music and loud voices ascending from the Plassa outside. The single window was high up in the wail and closed with an iron grating, rendering it impossible to look out except straight ahead. I knew that something out of the common must have happened, and . trembling with impatience, Mid seeing Duquesne still deeply preoccupied about his patient, I slowly edged my chair towards the table and with the utmost cau tion-possessed myself of the pistol, then carelessly humming a tone I sidled towards the door, keeping my gaze fixed on the doctor. Quick as lightning 1 now lifted the iron bar ; DuqneBne heard the noise, and I saw his hand go invo luntarily towards where the revolver had laid as I dashed through the now open doorway end found myself suddenly in the midst of a brilliant group of staff officers who were asoending the stairs, and at the heed of whom I instantly recognised General 6alazar,'with whom I -had parted at Corrientes but a short time previously. Beside thissrray I could see, away down the long staircase, a dark-robed crowd of priests, who, *as they saw the door open, made a simultaneous rush towards it. ' Poor Duquesne, as soon as he caught sight of the pro cession, knew that his experiment was indeed at an end, and, rendered desperate by the conviction working on his already disturbed brain, be snatched up one of his instruments, a long glittering knife, and dashed amongst the crowd, Btriking right and left, ejacnlating at the top of his voice, ' A moi, mon ami. ' Sauvons-lui ! Sauvom-ltii P' (Help me, my friend. Let ns save him ! Let us save him !) Happily, most of the party wore thick ponchcs, and he was secured before he could do much harm beyond a few trifling cuts with the keen-edged amputator. As luck would have it, Duquesne had at one time, years ago, when Salazar was but a poor subaltern, cured him of a dangerous wound, extracting a rifle bullet when the most experienced of the hospital surgeons of the then insurgents had failed, and the future President was not the man to forget such a service ; so that, although the priests de manded the three of ns to be given Into their hands to be tried for dark and forbidded practices,- in a province whfre their Church claimed absolute jurisdiction, the general sternly refused; and, telling them that all they could have ! any business witn was tne body ot uieda, ne sent the i doctor, myself, and the assistant; still half stupefied, under j a strong escort of his dragoons, to the former's house. 1 1 had just time to give one look hade into the chamber, now filled with the superstitions churchmen, and could see | one busily employed with no niggard hand in sprinkling the batteries aud instruments with holy water, whilst three or four more were engaged .ahoat the living dead man, tear ing off the bandages which enveloped the neck and part of ?the faro. Tbat same evening we all set off, Duquesne raving in- ; coherently tbe whole time, for Entre-Rias, after taking a harried leave of Don Ramon, who seemed far from being atjeaseinthemidstof the hornets* nest which his scientific frimd had raised about his ears; still he expressed his satis faction at the opportune arrival of Balazar with his two regiments of oavalry, bad it not been for which— he re marked, significantly shrugging his ehouldere — 'Quien sabe P' (Who knows?) Duquesne, after a long interval, recovered foil possession of his senses, bnt has never been known ranee to broach a topic touching in the slightest degree on psychological i atudies; he has sever opened a medical work, or ever alluded in any way to his last terrible experiment and its failure, hut lives a sequestered snd quiet life at his hacienda on the banks of the Rio de la Plate. Of Pablo Bieda I never heard more : his fafe was sorely j sealed; still, amongst the Gatchos ard Peruvians who in- 1 habit some parts of the Deapoblado,a wild legend still exists that sometimes, in the vfiinity of desolate canons mid cavernous rocks, his once favourite haunts, may still be seen the ghost of Bieda, but with head hombly misplaced, looking fixedly over his right shoulder; and hardy sons of the great Pampas, skilful and fearless hunters of puma and jaguar, shudder as the awful story goes round, devoutly cross them selves, and matter a prayer for the repoee of the lost one's eonl. 1 . Many years have passed away since ths Incidents narrated above took pla-», and life's evening is fast approaching ; yet at times, when memory brings bade stirring scenes of earlier days, conspicuous amongst them I seem to hear once .more the crash of the fatal axe, to see the headless body pouring forth its life-fluid in convulsive *poutmgs; than Bie scene in the gaol rises before my mind's eye, and 1 ask myself in wonder and tribulation the terrible question, 'Would he have lived F' L, L, Dam^-gh.N.S. W. 