MORALITY OF THE OLD TESTA- MENT. m .1 It is contended " that the morality of the '-Old Testament was ' narrow- : and ' bigoted ; - requiring, indeed, - the " ob servance' of > charity 1 to the covenant 1 people, but allowing Israel to1' hatefall others as enemiesj and, as ' well expressed in the text, ' Thou shalt love thy neigh bour, and hate thine; enemy '-'" (Matt, v; 43). ' But .let it be noticed1 that 'is no text of Scripture, ' nor does - our Lord so quote it. He- does/not say it' is so . written; but ' " Ye have heard 1 it "said' by them of old ' time."' The first - part is God's truth:' the second is the devil's addition - to it; which Christ clears away and denounces." It were, easy to quote multitudes of passages from ' the Old Testament com manding Israel to show kindness to the stranger, and a whole; host of promises, that in them all the familiesof the earth should be blessed;; any one of which would sufficiently refute' the foolish notion that the morality- 'of 'the Old. Testament was geographical, and its charity merely national.. But- the simple. fact ' .that' the most ; ' . sublime" sanction of 'world-wide'' benevolence i which "ever fell even -from- the lips of Christ himself was uttered' by him as the sum -and ' substance of the teachings of the Old-Testament, conclu sively confutes this dogma"The' golden rule was no new discovery, unless its Author was mistaken, for he says: " Therefore all things' that ye- would that men should do to you, do ye-even so to them ; for this "is; the law" 'and "'the; prophets 'V (Matt.' '.'viiij"12.)' ' He declares the very basis and foundation of the whole Old Testament religion to be eternab prihciples of godliness and charity .which he qu'utes in the very words' of the law ; " Then one of them which was a lawyer asked him a question, tempting him, and saying, Master, which' is the great commandment in the law- ? Jesus said -unto him, Thou shalt love the Lord" tthy God;with 'all>thy> heart, and with all- 2 thysoul,' n'd' with all >thy mind.1 ' This is the-1 (first and greatest commandment;' And the" ./second ithy neigh hour as tbyselfiioiOtf > these i two ' 'cpmmandmentsi hang "allithellaw and! the,' /prophets1 (Matt; xriiiy.-35.i)to.T!h'e(law->8'ii"d& uthep prophets, .then, 'ufaughtnigenuine;" worldwide AbehLevblenc6;ffi.:Christi!'beingn "witness; .- and' "the ' moral'law" Jof "the 01d>' 'Testament us the - moral laW'of the'NewJ Testament, if, we may! believe' -the Law!" "giver, r. ""-v i-rOv i; ' s "(Still,' -it; is alleged; it - cannot' be' denied' that ; they: writers' of "the Old 'Testament' "breathed a "spirit" of- vindictiveness; antl imp.fecated"'curses oni 'their enemies, 'ut- terly at1 variance -with/the precepts' ot"the, 'gospel, which commands-' -us' to bless and' icurse' not ;l i a'ndceven "in "theit soleiiin de-" /votions" uttered J sentiments unfit for i the - "mouth of any (Christian, nor-' that ; their' - "views and gloomy; and "that they represented "the . Hebrew J ehovah ' as Jan -'/unforgiving J and; vengeful being; utterly different from" ! the: kindrandUoying? Father whom Christ; "delighted to reveal;'' v ' >, , . '»' This, if the truth- were told, is the "grand objection to the Old Testament : — 'the holy and righteous, sin-hating God presented in its history is the object- of dislike. The God who drowned the old world— destroyed Sodom and Gomorrah . by fire from heaven— commanded the ex- termination of the loud and bloody Canannites— thundered his curses against sinners of every land and- every age, saying, " Cursed be he that confirmeth not all the words of this law to do them " — requiring all the people to say Amen (Deut. xxii. 26) — is not the God whom Universalists can find in their hearts to adore. A mild, easy, good-natured Being, who would allow men to live and die in sin without any punishment, would suit them better. They try to think that he is altogether such an one as themselves, and an approver of their sin. But it is worth while to inquire whether the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ be in this respect anything dif ferent from the Hebrew Jehovah,' or whether the gospel has in the least degree lessened his displeasure against iniquity. Paul thought not that he was a different person, when he said, " We know him who hath said, Vengeance belonigeth unto me, I will repay, saith the Lord " (Heb. x. 30.) Jesus thought not' that he was more lenient to sinners when; ;he cried, " Woe untpj thee, Chorazin! V,woe unto thee, Bethsaida ! ' Thou Capernaum, which art exalted .to heaven, shall be brought down to hell; ; It .shall be more tolerable for the land of Sodom in the day of judgment than " for ' thee (Matt. xi. 21.)> It is not in the" Old- Testament-, but in the -New, that we are told that Jesus himself shall cqme "in flaming fire, taking vengeance on them that know not ' God, and obey not . the . gospel of our Lord Jesus Christ ; -who shall be punish- ed with everlasting destruction from the presence of the Lord and from the glory of his power " (2 Thess i.).. It is not an old, -bigoted Hebrew - prophet giving a vision of the Hebrew Jehovah, 'but the beloved disciple whp""leaned on Jesus' breast, picturing the Saviour himself, 'who ' says, " He was clothed irr: a' vesbnre rlip- .ped in1 blood1; ! a,nd"hiPhameis called-tnei » were'in heaven followed (him''tupon white1 f| > horses, clothed' in' ' fine' (linen; wliite and' ' ' clean ; and put of) his;; mojitli goeth,Ta ( .sharp; sword, .that ;\yith"it jhle. should smite./..'- y theinations iand he-shall-jruie/tqmtfif,.|, a rod of iron ;' andihe treadeth . the wine- ;/ press of the fierceness and wrath .of Almighty God (Rev. xix.) Let no man imagine that 'the New Testament offers impunity to the wicked, or that the Old Testament denies mercy ; to the. . repenting sinner, . or . that Christ " exhibited any other God than the GoS " of Abraahm, Isaac, and Jacob — the same - ..Hebrew Jehovah who comtnands, tlie, wicked to forsake" his way, and the un- ;-,; righteous man his thoughts; 'and to re-" iu turn unto the Lord, and he will 'have mercy upon him ; aud to our God,' add ' ffie will abundantly pardon (Isa. ly.) klfc is exceedingly strange that ;those,,wha ( :d well , upon the paternal, character; Vof: God, as & distinctive' featue of ;Christ?8y. c : personal teaching, should have forgotten < vthat the- hymns of-- the Old Testament - - ;(Church,ra.thpusandk years before his cpm- 'ing)wer(ejWll!of;i'tKis jpudearihg religipii|K! "that ilTwasv by the' firs't Hebrew prophet' '" 1 tbab the ... , Hebreyy J ehpyaji .....declared, " Israel is! my son, my -first-hor a there- ;.fore I say unto thee, Let my son go that :he may serve'hie " (Ex; iv.' 22) ;: and that 0 :by the last of them he urges Israel to /obedience- by -his- tender- appeal-:-"IfI-.— - /be a father, where isr..my honour ? " ((Mal. i.) It was not Christ, but David —one vof :those fglqomyf stern Hebrew1 iprojphets— who penned that' noble hymn i to -our -Father in -heaven, which, Chriat, ."„ "illustrated in his Sermon, on the Mount (/ "The-Lord-is, merciful, and gracious,.....; Slow, to. angor; andjplentepus in; mercy., . , , , \ ;He will not always 'cliide,'.!,1 n iNeither will he 'keep his anger forever, -i 'He' hath not/dealt with us' after our. sins, i!T Nor,- rewarded; jus. .according -to otir iniquiriof> ties ;.y, ,Ip:..-tuj:r For as the ,heayien|isi high aboye.thej earth, n So great ishis mercy to them that 'fear him '; . As far as east is from the west, 1 . ' . r So far hath he removed our transgressions from us. ' 1 rl' ' > i ;Liko:a8/a fathor.pitiethlhis children, ul yd; ma "t So the-Lord pitieth them; that fear,ihim.,':|vi;o ; "hiii'.f :/"/ PsAiiMjciiii'f03'!. " v /i'u;;; :.:u .-J .eoibrrmul. > > ItviS .utter ignoranceAof;the01d iTesta-rd t ment jwhichpromptsdany, oneoto imagine oi that; it;; presents , any- other )tcharacteri,o£';.; l.Gqditithan ."-The ..GLord,.i;tliei!. Lord |.G;od>>o;i r merciful ,.and) gracious,. and jlongPufieritig,);: >'and abundant/din "goodness; and .truth,-.1 j keeping ijmercyj forj:thousands, i forgiyirigni/i /iniquity- ; and ; transgression. ' and: sin;1 and" H that, will by no; means-clear r the ! guilty (Ex. xxxiv.).;,,: iThis ;is \the \name-Ayhich; >i, Godyproclaimedjto Moses,, an/d; this is .ithei j. character, which lie .proclaimed in (Christ, v, .; when ; he ; cried ,on the ; cross, ," My\God; ; 1 my jGod, why ; hast thou; forsaken me ? , . . But , thou .art holy, ; thqu.rthai iuliabitest the- praises, of Israel ".(Ps. xxii.) a 'Ju8ticev:: / aud, mercy are united ;in Christ; dying ;for the uugodly. . I... ' v 1 : It is untrue to say. that the prophets of the Old , Testament were actuated by a spirit of malice, or of revenge for perso- nal injuries as such, in praying for or prophesying destruction on the inveterate enemies of God and his cause (2 Tim. iy. 14.) Of all Scripture characters, David has been most defamed for vindictive- ness ; but surely never was man more free from any such spirit than the perse- cuted fugitive, who, with his enemy in his hand in the cave, and his confidential advisers urging him to take his life, cut off his skirt instead of his head ; and on another occasion prevented the stroke which would have smitten the Bleeping Saul to the earth, and sent back even the \- spear and the cruse of water, the trophies of his generosity. When cursed, him self, and defamed as a vengeful shedder of blood by the Benjamite, he could re- strain the fury of his followers, protect the life of the ruffianly traitor, and thus, appeal to God as the witness of his in nocence : — " O Lord my God, if I have done this ; If there be iniquity in my hands If I have rewarded ' ovil to him that was at peace with me ;; Yea, I have delivered him that without ' case was mine enemy " (Pa. vii.). It is true that he .does bitterly curse several living persons ; of whom it is ob servable that some bad done him no sort of personal injury ; as Doeg the Edomite —the Nana Sahib of his day— who anti cipated the scenes of Cawnpore in the streets of Nob, by mercilessly butchering unoffending men, helpless women, and in nocent babes. But surely no friend of humanity can imagine that it is improper that the chief magistrate oflsrael, anointed for the very purpose of being a terror to evil-doers, should express his righteous indignation against such atrocities ; nor confound such public execration with the petty gnawings of private revenge. Still less can the fearer of God doubt the pro priety of his expressing by the mouth of his prophet, that displeasure which he signally displayed by bis providence ; scathing and blasting the accursed wretch into a terror to all bloody and deceitful men who shall read their own warning in . his doom. " God shall likewise destroy thee for ever ; He .shall take, thee away and pluck thee from thy dwelling, And root thee out of the land of the living." We have the most solemn assurance that every one of the historical incidents of Scripture is recorded for our instruc- tion, and that every prophecy gives a lesson to all ages. " Now all these things happened unto them for ensamples, and they are written for our admonition, upon whom the ends of the world are come" (1 Cor. x.) The imprecations of the Bible' against individual sinners are the gibbets on which these malefactors are hung up for warning to all men to flee the crimes that brought them to that fate. It is put .beyond the possibility of doubt, by the combined testimony of the Lord and his apostles, that by far the greater number of the curses which David uttered, he spoke in the person of Christ himself, of whom he was a type, "and with direct reference to the crimes and punishment of His enemies. Thus _ the Sixty-ninth Psalm, and the One Hundred and Ninth, pre-eminently the cursing Psalms, are most explicitly and repeatedly asserted by Christ, by Peter, and by John, to belong to Christ, and to express his very words : "This scripture must needs have been fulfilled, which the Holy Ghost by the mouth of David spake < before concerning Judas, which was guide to them that took Jesus. For it is written in the book of Psalms, Let his habitation be desolate, and let no man dwell therein. And, His bishopric let another take." If any one feels re luctant to imagine that such cursings should fall from the lips of the merciful Saviour, let him remember that the most awful curse which shall ever fall on the ears of terrified men, shall be pronounced by Jesus him self : " Depart, ye cursed, into everlasting fire, prepared for the devil and his angels." The solemn facts of the Bible will not accommodate themselves to our likes and dislikes. Christ loves righteousness and hates iniquity ; in the Bible he takes leave to say so, and he expects his people to share his feelings, and be willing to express them on fit occasions. Personal revenge and curses for mere personal injuries are forbidden in the New Testament as well as in the Old. But it was an apostle of Jesus Christ who cried, " If any man love not our Lord Jesus Christ, let him.be accursed. Though we or an angel from heaven bring any other gospel unto you, let him be ac- cursed." Nor until we can in some measure feel this holy indignation against Bin, and this burning desire to see all tyranny, superstition, oppression, licen- tiousness, . and profanity, crushed and banished from the earth, can we pray in truth, " Thy kingdom come." Still less can we be prepared for the rejoicings of heaven over the conquest of the enemies of God and man : " Itojoice over her thou heaven, and ye holy apostles and prophets, for God hath avenged you on her." Extermination of White AntS — " Builder," writing to the Herald last Wednesday, gives a method of extermin ating these pests that seems worth recording. Ho writes : — " I beg to inform you of a method which I have never known to fail. It iB a well-known fact that when a colony of white ants is discovered there are no dead ones in the nest or runs ; this proves that wiien an ant dieB it is eaten by its fellows. Having a building which was very much infested by white tint, I determined to take advantage of their carnivorous propensities, and procured a quantity of arsenic, and bruising a number of the ants, just sufficient to kill them, I dusted their bodies with arsenic, and laid them in their runs ; the consequence was that within a month the whole colony of ants had eaten itself out. I have several times tried it since, and always with success. It requires about half a pound of arsenic to a building that is badly infested." A " Purgatorial Association/' having for' its object the liberation of souls in Purgatory, has (says our English Namesake) been formed in America, and although the association is only in its infancy, no fewer than 14,000 prayers are said weekly for those imprisoned souls. Now's the time for Pat and his friends. Competition in the purga torial line of business. Hurra 1 Down with high prices. Don't be in too great a hurry to speculate. By and bye they will be getting them out at six a shilling, the price of mack erel. Tho game is nearly up, in another 20 years all the priests will be bankrupts for lack of trade. Lord Rossmore oil the En couragement of Disloyalty.— The following circular has been issued by Lord Rossmoro, dated August 13th : — " Sir, — - I need scarcely inform anyone who takes an interest in Irish affairs that tho state of feel ing in my native county of Monaghan becomes every hour more strained and more threaten ing. Prom the day on which my address to the Orangemen of Monaghan, advising them to abstain from any interference with the monster meeting to be hold in the county- town, was circulated, the confidence of the rebel party has increased more and more. Nor is this strange. My letter was a distinct admission that the law-abiding and. loyal — tho men who are the backbone of the country, the men whose only desire is to bo allowed to mind their own business and to be at peace — were constrained to submit themselves not alone to threats and vituperation, but to intimidation and a reign of terror, because the English Government had arrayed itself in line with those who do not veil their objects and their ends even under the thinnest pretence. In the town of Monaghan men, women, and children have been mercilessly assailed and cruelly beaten while returning from religious services; on two successive evenings. On Sunday last the service in the Presbyterian Church in Monaghan waB interrupted in the most unseemly manner, and the congregation much ; disturbed by a yelling and hooting mob, which entered the precincts and sur rounded the building. These things could not have happened but that, by the unexam pled tyranny of tho Government of England, loyal men are precluded from protecting themselvos. I loudly assert, what is well known to me as a fact, that if there were not a policeman or a soldier in the county, such a thing could not have happened. As matters are, the loyal and evil-disposed are encouraged. The hands of the loyal are tied. We are openly threatened with a further specimen of the treatment received at Dromore -when the poor boy Giffen met a cruel death at the hands of the police. Tho Protestants of Ulster are religious men. In no part of the empire is there to be found a greater rever ence for law and order, but the oppression which 'maketh the wise men mad' is fast working a change in men's minds. Once more I appeal to the people of England. I ask, Is the freedom which was our fathers' boast to. cease from among us ? The Church of Rome has submitted to Mr. Parnell ; are we also to bow beneath his grinding tyranny? Let England look to it. She is fast becoming a byword among nations. It is not yet too late to proclaim the meeting inMonaghan, the outcome of which must be, as I have no doubt it is intended, contention, bitterness, and strife, presont terror, and almost certain future bloodshed." Which Way the Fight Goes in. America. — The Boston Traveller re marks : — " There are quite a number of ex cellent people who live in constant fear that this country is in terrible danger from the attacks of infidelity on the one hand, or Roman Catholicism on the other. It would repay them, and perhaps calm their nerves to compare recently collected statistics as to re ligious progress and development. In the year 1800 the total population of the United States was 5,305,925. Of these there were Protestants, 1,277,052 ; Roman Catholics, 100,000 ; unclassified, 3,928,873. In "1850, out of a total population of 23,191,876, there were Protestants, 12,723,158 ; Roman Catholics 1,614,000 ; unclassified, 8,854,718. In 1870, out of a population of 38,538,371, the Protest ants numbered 24,041,486 ; Roman Catholics, 4,600,000 ; not classified, 9,916,885. And in tlm year 1880, out ot a total . population which had swelled to 50,152,866, there were 36,011,914 Protestants ; 6,376,06 Roman Catholics ; not classified, 7,758,892. Taking the percentage to the population tho figures are : — Protestants. Eom. Catli. Unclassified. 1880...... 54 2 74 1850...... ' 544 7 384 1870 63 12 45 1880...... 71 12£ " 16 The most devout and earnest Protestant will find little jgroiind for alarm in these figures. Tlie French in Madagascar. — We have before referred to the evil influ ence of the Jesuits in stirring up tho French action in Madagascar. To their machinations the war iB due, and on their Bhoulders is the responsibility for the illtreatment of the Rev. Mr. Shaw of tho London Church Missionary and the consequent humblo pie which tho French Government had to eat. A French paper Le Temoin do la Vcrite says : — " It is sad for true patriots to have to confess that under pretext of preserving adoubtful treaty, our French Colonial policy should be influ enced by the Jesuits whoso expulsion took place about three years ago. It is sufficient to note the energetic intervention of Count Mun, President of the Catholic Workmen's Society, and of Bishop Freppol in tho Cham ber, to be convinced that our action against the Hovas is purely anti- Protestant." The South American States shake off Romish Shackles. — The priests, efforts to present the salo of bibles in Bolivia by Mr. Milne, a bible ngent have been defeated. Ex-preBident Anibal Pinto of Chili was a liberal statesman and he was friendly to Protestant Missions and their schools in Santiago, so when he died the Romish Church declined to sanction a funeral servico, " Very well," said the Government " the ox-president shall be buried as a private citizen, without the Church service.1' In con sequonco of this and other high handed actions of the RomishiChurch several bills, curtailing its influence have been passed. One of these, to the great .disgUBt of the priests opens all cemeteries to burials, regardless of the former religious opinions of the dead ; another makes civil marriages legal without the interference and restrictions of the Church of Rome. The separation of Church and State is being de- manded'by theleading press and the majority of the people.' In Brazil where the Jesuits have been very powerful, the Cabinet con templates the confiscation of all so-called religious houses, where teaching is not carried on. In short, in all the Roman Catholic States of Southern America the people are shaking themselves free from the Roman chainB and superstitions that have so long enshnckled and retarded them. This awakening is largely due to the influence of their near mighty neighbour the Protestant United States of America. The priests may rave and threaten and excommunicato and curse as they are doing heartily, but they cannot stop the move forward that has begun, impede it as they may. The first step has been forced upon the Government of Chili in self protection from tho tyranny of the priests. Ingersoll's Clap-trap.— It was a remark worthy of tho great mind of Lord; Bacon, " that he would rather believe all the legends of the Talmud than that this univer sal frame was without a mind." But were he alive in the present day he might well affirm that the most monstrous absurdity of heathen superstition is more reasonable and intelligent than the most brilliant rubbish of Secularism. Independent of the foolish and absurd disqui sitions on animal and vegetable organization, cosmos, evolution and spectrum analysis, whioh in the present day emanate from secular publications. Every intelligent and rational being must he shocked at the trash imposed upon the world in this our literary nineteenth century, by Bradlaugh, Ingersoll and Co. Just to quote one instance from Ingersoll. In a lecture entitled " Woman, Priest, and Devil," which by way of infor mation we may add, differs from his other lectures only in name, he insinuates that Secularism has elevated woman from the abject slavery by which Christianity held her in bondage, and that the Bible is the most immoral book in the world. As regards his first allegation, we need only remind our readers that it was Christianity which raised woman to her proper sphere ; and that in all countries in which Christianity is unknown woman is either treated as a beast of burden, or a toy for tyrant's lust ; while, as regards the immorality of tho Bible, tbe best refuta tion of this noisy bombast, lies, not in assever ation, but in the tacit observation of its effects. Shew us the man who became de praved through reading this Book, and then we might listen to Ingersoll's assertions. But facts and experience have taught us the re verse. Tho morality of the Bible contrasts more than favourably with that of Socrates, Plato, Seneca, or any other profane writer ; whilst the lives of its most devoted students compare more than favourably with the lives of any given number of infidels. The Pope Follows the King. — As King Humbert of Italy won golden opinions by his visitation of the hospitals of Naples while the cholera was raging and the people besotted with superstitious panic, His Holiness thought he ought not to be surpassed by the " heretic usurper," so he proposed to offer a portion of his Peter's Pence to got up a hospital-room for cholera patients in Rome, near the Vatican, premising however that the cholera did not touch Rome at all, and no assistance was needed. Well it is good to follow the good example of a heretic, but we must say that Leo XIII. followed Humbert a very long way off indeed. By tho way, it was his major domo and not himself that was to do what was conditionally proposed. An Infidel Silenced.— Some time ago, a minister of tho Gospel went to preach at a place called Harmony in tho Western Settlements of the United States, when a physician, a professed infidel, called on ; . his associates to accompany him while he - attacked tho Methodists. They went; and he commenced the sport by ask ing the minister, " Do you follow preaching to save souls ? ." " Yes," was the reply. He then pursued his interrogatories : — " Did you ever see a soul? " ." No." "Did you ever hear a soul ? " " No." "Did you ever taste a soul ?." "No." ' . "Did you ever smell a soul,? " " No." " Did you ever feel a soul ?" " Yes. Thank God," replied tho minister. "Well," rejoined the physician, in a tone of triumph, "there are four of the five senses against one, that there is no soul." The minister immediately retorted by asking his antagonist, " Are you a doctor of medicine? " " Yes," answered the infidel. " Then you pro fess to ease pain." " Did ' you oyer see a pain." "No." " Did you ever hear a pain ?" " No." " Did you ever taste a pain ? " " No." " Did you ever smell a pain." " No-", "Did you ever feel a pain ?" " Yes," " Then," said the minister, " there are also four senses against one to prove that there is no pain ; and yet, sir, you know there is pain, and I know that there is a soul." -The doctor was confoundod, and walked off, " Answer a fool according to his folly, lest he be wise in his own conceit," R. C. honour to the Virgin Mary ! — A Spanish Protestant minister haB writton a noble iettor to the Roman Catholic Archbishop of Seville, protesting against tho patronage of Sunday bull-fights in Seville by Spanish ecclesiastics. Of one of those fights ho writes that the proceeds "were to bo devoted towards lending additional splendour to public worship in this city." " A few months ago," he adds, " the -corners' of our streets were covered with theatricarannqunco- monts and posters, on which the Virgin Mary was represented as seated between a bull and a bull-fighter !" Health of the Premier. --We are glad to report that the Hon. Alexander Stuart has been steadilyVrecovcring. Power and feeling is slowly coming back to his right side and he, has been able to attempt to walk a little with, assistance,' .It is probable that he soon will go to recruit in Tasmania, and New Zealand, by order of his nledical advisers. Renovation ot the Protest ant Hall.— The Protestant Hall, which has been closed for a'forthight for the pur pose of being painted and decorated,; was re-opened on Tuesday night. The work was entrusted! to. Messrs. Lyons and McEwon, decorators, of 210 Cdstlereagli- street, Sydney. Tho coiling, which consists of twenty -four panels, has been "painted with carefully selected tints in ornamental styles, which give the whole a soft, lofty appearance. The walls have been finished with a neutral groy tint, with a deep frieze from the ceiling, and a floral dado round the lower portion of tho walls. The whole work has been carried out most satisfactorily in a remarkably ' short space of time. The Protestant Hall is now again open for engagement. Fresh Outbreak of Small pox.— So longh time had elapsed since, the last case of small-pox that Sydney had been de clared a clean port and people had been lulled into security. It was thought that the advent of Bummer had destroyed tho gorms of tho disease, so the vaccinator's hands were idle. Last Monday morning, however, the people were startled by the news that Mr. Olive Byrnes, a widow, 37 years of age, who lived at 28 Rileiy- stroet, Woolloomoo, was suffering from the disease in an advanced stage. The house was immediately quarantined. In it, besides tho patient, resided her . widowed mother, Mrs. Rutland, 61 years old, Samuel Rutland (38), Phillip Rutland (26), and Edward Byrnes (7.) The eruption was in tho confluent stage when reported, and it must have been in a prominent stage for at least eight days, and it is statod twenty days must have elapsed betwoen its commencement aud discovery. During this time Mrs. Byrnes had been visiting several families in tho looality, and also a house in Castloreagh- Btreot. Until tho previous Tuesday she had boon living at No. 8 Edgeley-street, occupied dy Frederick Pearson (33), William Pearson (37), Caroline Pearson (32), Harold (8), Ethel (6), and Reginald (9.) A third house in the same locality, at the corner of Middle- lane and St. Kilda-lane,. had been visited by the small-pox patient. It was occupied by Mr. John Stratton, his wife, and three children, John, Thomas, and William, aged seven, four, and three years respectively. The three houses were delivered over to the disinfecting brigade, and tbe inmates were removed to the Quarantine Station at North Head without delay. There is no clue to the origin of the disease, but it is stated that the house in Edgeley- street where tho patient lived for some time, is almost opposite a house which was infected with small-pox in 1883 and 1881\. In Melbourne also there is another case in the person of Mrs. Spreadbury, wifo of the licensee of the Council Hotel, Johnston- street, Collingwood. She has been recently confined, and her infant died on Tuesday of chicken-pox, and tho mother has some eruption which is pronounced to be smallpox. She is very weak, and her condition is con sidered very critical. Tho hotel has been strictly quarantined, and Mrs. Spreadbury was removed to the sanatorium. On Friday night, tho 31st ult., a gathering of Crimean Veterans took place at Mr. Maloney's Hotel, Wynyard Square, to cele brate tho 30th anniversury of the charge of the light brigade at Balaclava. , Senior Ser geant Dalton, one pf the gallant six-hundred presided. Songs and loyal toasts were the order of a very pleasant evening. 