-iiM JACOBI'S WIFE. BY ADELINE SERGEANT. Author ot "Her Work in Life, " Beyond Recall." "ASlory ot the Egyptian War," ice., Ac. i All Big hts Reserved i. v CHAPTER XVI. — Continued. " Ot nothing, ucril I have made flcr my ivifai" Mrs Dangers bowed her bead. " Lat as go in, tbm," the said, and pushed open the little gate. Almost as toon as she had done so the trout door opened. The landlady, hod been on tho watch. She was a meek looking person, with a subdued 8rd feeble voice, but she seemed obliging " and respectful. A small servant hovered in the back ground. Mistrf83 and seivant ware vagaely sur prised that there was no cab and no luggage. "We are going to get onr lnggage presently," laid Mrs Danvets, in her quiet tones. " Are inese the roomy? Yes, 1 think you have madd a very good choice, Nig-1." Her instant adaption ol the role she was to play gratified and astonished Nigel. His bine eyes danced with amusem«nt. He turned to ber with some slight answer on hi's lips ; bat the words died away beforo they wrd ottered. Mrs D»nvets had put up her veil. And then he perceived for the Hrst time that ihe was a very different looking person from the Mis Danvcrs whom he bad seen in the garden. She gave him a warning glance, how ever, which recalled him to a sense ot his own part. " Here i3 Msrba," he laid, as a grey-haired old woman in a cap advanced trom an inner room to meet them, and the landlady s ill hovered in the rear. ' Well, Martha, howareyou ?" said Mrs Danvors, shaking hands with the old servant, as it she hod known her for the list twenty years. " I hope you find your room comfortable ? I'think we bad brtter have some tea before v.e go out again, Nigel, and I will get Carry to bid at once, aoe is very tired, poor child. Ah, this is the bedroom." Tee bedroom opened trom tho sitting-room by folding doors. Bathrooms were on the first floor, ana were of moderate size, l'uc rooms that were to belong to Nigel and Martha respectively were on a higher storey. Mr? Dan vers called the old servant to follow her, acd .hut the door of com- mnnicalion betweeu the two rooms. Nigel looked rather disconcerted by this sudden disappearance, hut contented himself by directing Mrs dnipe to send up tea immedi»tiy. He had ordered ivhxt was a sumptuous rip-st to the inhabitants of . John-stroit — eggs, bacon, mutton chops, and tea ; and 51 ra Snape berseif . h«d xddei suggeitious of Madeira cakes and iimim-Lilo. Moreover, Mirth had been pnt by Mrs Tretu >ino in charge ot a hamper of country pro iuc .-, which wai likely to be more acceptable to CLrice than the results of Mr3 Snape'i cookery. Nigel waited with some impntiecce for M>3 Dud vers' return, " Isn't sho comiug back 1" hs asked, ruefully. " She is tired," urod Mrs Dauvers, smiling. "Be sides, 1 have a little dilfieulty about clothes. I do cot went her to be seen tn thrsc sho was wear ing at Chamwood. 1 must go out almost imme diately, or the shops will or shut. Hush, sxy no mote at present." I'.a waa brought in. Mts Danvcrs carried in a cup to Clarice, as well as some tool which the girl was too wtarr and excite ! to toueh ; then ate and drank a littlo her-cii, nnd prepared to go oat. Clarice was lift unutrold Martha's charge. Nigel accompanied Mia. iJnnvert. the went to the Mile itud-road end commincad a suits of purchases, during some of which he was banished from tho snop, and in others allowed to look on, She made he: tiansaction; as short as pcssible, but could not brinz them ts a cloic for more than an hour, Fiu-Uiy, she west into a port manteau shop, selected two of the largest, and one small one, and directed Nigel to place tho parcels with which he was laden iuside them— ratner to the amazement of tue shopman, who was just closing for the night. Then, with great difficulty they procared a cab. and were driven, with their new portmanteius, to the doors of Mrs. Shape's koose. Later in the evening, Nigel turned to Mr. Hanveis and taid — " I fancied that by this time I should have begun to underttand you a little. But 1 am mure puzzled than ever," "I am going to explain myself," she said, quietly. He had to wait some time, however, before she (poke again. " Look at me," she said, at last. " Do I Beem very different to you ? " ' Very different. You have disguised yourself completely," She smiled. "The other was my disgaiie. This is my natural self." "What!" mid Nigel, hastily. "You were dis guised while you liTtd at Sir Wilfred Yan- borough's ?" " Yet." " You must have had a strong motive for such D diegulEe-" " 1 had." "Can yon tell me what it was?" Mrs Danvers had grown pale. She did not look nt him as she replied, "1 wiahad," she B»id, ' to hide myself from ConBtantine Jacubi's knowledge, and yet to keep guan: over his actions. If ho uud teen me as I am now he would have leojguised me — aad been afraid," " Been sfrxid." " Desperately afraid. And, but for Joan'B sake —but for Geoffrey's sake — I would not have left him in ignorance. Bat thu tijuo was not tips." She inuacd for a littlo while, her hands clasped before her upon her knees. " It is not ripe yet," she Enid. . " Let him fill up the measure of his crimes. I told you — did I not — that bis wife waB living still .' " " Yes." She roee and lifted her arms a little. "Look at me," shu SiiJ. "I am liku other woimn. 1 do not look as if a Kignt lud fallen upon me ? — as if my fceari were butiod in a gnvc J And yet this is to. It ssuus to me '.hut I a in the most wretched woman ot ;1 women who hxvo ever lived." With bis eyes, Nigel aekeJ her why. Ho dared .not speak. She turned to him with a mrgqilicant gesture of despair. " Pity me ! " she said, in a voice of exceeding bitleinuEe. Pity me. 1 ara Coustantine Jacob. 's wife. I am Maddaluna Yallor." CHAPTER XVII. THE FUGITIVES. Nigel Tremaine was so utterly unprepared for this communication, that bis only resource lay in keeping silence. He looked qaietly aud gravely into the face of tho woman who declared herself to be.Jacobl's wife, and wondered to himself whether he was dreaming, or whether she was mad. And as she met ihis gene, cold, questioning, per haps even a little severe, the impassioned lire died out of her large dark eves, her arms Bank to her side j 6he uttered a weary sigh, almost like a low moan, and seated herself once mors, with listless bands hanging down, and pale averted face. Sao had donned a widow's otp tioco her return from the shopping expedition that she had planned ; iu white outline singularly changod the character ot her|faceto Higel'a mind; bo could hardly recon cile its hopeless sadness with the energy, the de termination, tho qnlet cheerfulness that she had shown him all the evening. " You do not Bpeak,"sho said at length in bitter tones. " What Go you think ol my commnnioation? Have you no woid of pity for a wocan who oalls heiselt his wife?" Nigel was collecting his scattered thoughts. He was standing ; he placed one knee on the seat of a- chair beside him, aod grasped the back of it with his hand. Then he spoke deliberately. "If that is the ca>e, you must have had very Etrong reaeons for not immediately making the fact public. Why havo yon kept silence all this while?" " That is my business," sbo said, without looking at him. " It seems to me to be my business too," said Nigel. He paused a littlo, knitting his brows ai the thought of variouB past events recuiTed to his memory. " You could have stopped the persecu tion of Claries at any mo mint," he Baid, "Yea." " But you allowed roattere to oome to this pass. You lived in the Vanborougha' houBe and saw your husband " He stopped and looked at her. She finished the sentence for him, " 1 eaw him prepare to marry Clarico Van- borough. What did it matter ? I knew that he could not marry ber. T let him amuse himself. When the time came, I meant to declare myself, and not before." " And meanwhile Clarice L'vud in an agony of dretd 1 Did you feel no regret for the torture she | was undergoing I Did you never think it wonld I be only common humanity to tell her ihe tenth ?" 1 " i did my best," she said in the calm and even i tone that she always employed when ho emotion tronbled her. "I gave her a hint. I told her she would be safe, that I would see taat tbo marriage never took place — fjr I pitird her wben I knew that she was unhappy — bat 1 suppose she did not trust me. She consented to the engagement oa tbe ground of my promise ; but as lim; went on I dare svy the strain became too grant for her. I thought her merely weak and nervoui, until it was loo late to explain matters. She could not utdtistand. Tfcen I let things take their coarse." He did not speak. "You think I was cruel ?" she said, looking at him for the first time with some wonder. " Yes." His tone was sombre, aud a very dark fiown rested on his brow. His eyes were bent nyoo t< e flcor . " I did not mean to be cruel," said the woman, who was Jacobi's wife, in a curiously indiffetent way. » She was sane enongn before that mid night flight to the Daieaths, which I never folly uaderstood." " What wa« that ?" She told him in a few words all she knew con cerning Clarice's escape to the Hillside Farm. Darker and darker grew bis face as she continued"; more and more stein bis brow. But he did not move nor speak ; and Madame Vallor (a3 she may now he called) went oa quietly to the end of her itory. " It is Eince that night," 6he concluded, " that Clarice has not been heisaif," Nigel moved now. Every trace of colour had left his face as he re»ied himself up to his full blight, and eaid decisively — ' There must bo an end of this. I will no more consent to lenve her in the power of a person who could seo her suffer and refuse to holp hsr, than I would have left her to the tender mercies of dir Wilfred and his son and ol — of — Constautiae Jacobi himself." He hesitated before introducing her husband's nnmo ; bat did not look one wbit lees resolute than befoie. "Every one of the arguments that you used against her living with her father or Cor brother might be used against hor living with you," he said. And then be paced up aud do wo tho room once or mice — a sign that he was strongly moved. " 1 was tco ha6ty," he said. Mcdame Vallor raised her eyes from her lap, and regarded him with a mixture of surprise and internet. Sue was not offended ; u slight smile even hud curled her rips a= see lisusiied to his woids. " You mean," she said' " that you think I would let her tuffer cow. You ate mistaken." " How " Think of my position, 51 r Tremaine. I have had to bear groat wrongs at my husband's uunds ; 1 have home them mo.ily in silence. Bnt for the last seven years 1 have chosen to watch over him and bis doings, and thwait him in his projects whtncvir I had an opportunity, Many a tiwo he Las fancied himself at tho height of . pr»p«rity ; and then a touch came — a lutnour was raised— a question asked — acd his prosperity ciutnbled away into dust. It was X who worked him tha evil. lie his never known j never suspected. I think tie reidly does not know that 1 am living. 1 have followed him from place to place ; tracked him from country to country like an avenging fate. 1 xui his laic ! He will not escape mo now. 1 lost him awhile in South America r and for a time I gave up the pursuit, 1 wns ill and miseiable. 1 rerolved to seek out my mo thers relations at Charnwood. 1 cam?. They were good, they were kind. They euro! mo of my illness, almost of my beart-sicknees. And while 1 stayed with them at the Hillside Farm I found that be, my husband, had come to Guam- wood too, and taken up bis nbodo at tho Van- borough's bouse. Then I knew that I was not to ccatc from my work. Then I knew that my time had come. Then I knew that God had deliver od lay enemy into my hand." There wasu long silence. Nigel waited for her to sptak ; but she, with crossed hands and dreamy eye, seemed to be looking into worlds heconld not recognise. At laBt ho asked a question, "How did you iutiouuce you»wif into Sir Wil- frcd'e house " I heard that a companion was wanted — 1 placed myself in bis way. I usoet the disguiie in which you first saw me. Let me continue my story. When I came to Gnarnwood Manor, what was Clarice Vanborougb to mc 'i A tool, a puppet, an instrument of punishment for him. 1 nail nu interest irihei — no interest in any member of tho Vanborcugh family. I was cruel to her, peranpi, for whon sh« stood in my way by ber resistanc to her father's plan?, I resolved to crush her. 1 ibougbt she was proud and weak ; I hated her pride, despised her weakness ; but on the wbole I thought of her less 03 an individual thin as a lixk in the chain of events by which I meant to ptwisn him. I meant to let tacm stand together at tbe altar ; then to expose him publicly, and br.tnd him with infamy and eliamo. What was it to mi whether a girl of nineteen— a poor, slight.taing, that one conld crush liko a but'erily — wero driven into a madhouse or not f No woman cou'd be made to suffer a tithe of the wrong that I hive suffered ; and yet 1 — 1 am not mad !" Bbo spoke fiercely, but with a certain self-re straining power which rekctmcd her wo.ds and manner trom the charge of wilducss. Nigel looked at her as he might have looked at same hall-tamed animal in a cage ; but ho did not speak. Suddenly the fiery light died out of her eyes ; the lines of her face relaxed ; her voice g;ew soft. 11 1 thought so until last October, and then I changed my mind." " Why ? " " I was anxious bb ever for bis punishment ; but I resolved net to wreak my vengeance upon tbe Vanborougha as well as upon him. Tbo Van- borough had a claim upou me. Geoffrey Van- borough had a claim upon mo. For his sake espe cially I tried to spare his sister. I did not know that there was any reason against bis returning to England when 1 wrote the letter that brought him home. I waited and waited and thought you would never come. On that wedding morning I was close beside you, ready to declare myself. I did not waut to do so, but I made my preparations, And then you came. You stopped tbe marriage. 1 had no need to speak." " What was your motive for altering your plans? " " I cannot tell yon. It was no unworthy motive, and it still ixists. I am Clarice's friend— Geoffrey's friend. Clarice is safer in my hands than in those of anybody erie." " And yon sacrificed her happiness without remorse?" "I brought yon heme," said Madame Vallor, stesdily. "Indirectly I stopped the marriage. I was kind to ber. She is fond of me now, as you may see. I did not expect that anxiety and suspense would have so bad un effect upon her health, 1 do not see what else I was bound to do." " At any rate, let the suspense end here. Let the matter bo cleared up at ooce." "No," said Madame Yallor." " You say no." "I aiy no." Quiet, motionless, self-contained, she sat in her high-backed chair, ber bands crossed before her in her lap, her fine profile strongly defined against tbe dark red curtaica that were drawn across the window behind her, her beantifnl eyes absently fixed upon the mass of glowing coal in tbe grate. It was with a thrill of Impatience, almost of anger, t'oat Nigel reffognised the fact that this woman was im pervious alike to argument and to entreaty — that after choosing her own line of action and follow ing it for seven years, she waB not likely to change it becauso tbe fortunes of one frail girl, or even of an eutiro fimily, were involved. She acknowledged that she. had' been hard and cruel to Olariqe, but she acknowledged it apparently without remorse. If it suited her interests, would she not be cruel and haid again ? Madame Vallor waa quick to read his thoughts. " Yon cannot go back," she said, looking at him wben tbe pause had laBted for a minute or two, "You will make matters fdr worse if you were to change now." "Suppose I were to inform Sir Wilfred of the facts which 1 have just heard ?" Mkdamo Vallor smiled easily. " You would not betray a woman's secrets with out her consent," she said, "That would be dis honourable. I have trusted you. 1 do not bud- pose that you are unworthy ot my confidence." " An unsought confidence, Madame Jacobi." "Yon had better not call' me by tbat name," she eaid tranquilly, though the tremor that ran through ber whole frame when she beard the word teemed to show that its utterance had hurt her like tbe striking of a blow, " My husband's true surname is Vallor. But you kuow that hero we might be overheard. It is always better to be careful. You need not call me by any name when " wo ore iilone." Sho concluded with the faintest possible ghost of a smile, " In public I am Mrs Wilson, and your aunt." "Pardon me if I wounded yon; I ought not perhaps to have used tbat name," said Nigel, with some abatement of the bitterness ot his tone, "But I am not rare bow mnch longer this device should be concealed. I am quite sure now tbat perfect frankncis wonld have served our cause much, better." " Ycu are like all young people— you think no canre so precious as joar own. Are there no in terests but yours and Glance Vanborough'd to ba considered 7 And, like all men, you are ungrate ful. I may not have saved her in the best way, but I have tared her — and for you." "Certainly you have." "And now I will giie you a word of warning. If you say I am Jacobi's wife b.f.jre the day when 1 give you leave to siy so, I have co scruple of conscience to prevent my denying every word that I have said to you to-nigbt. The proofs of my marriage cannot be produced by anyone but me. Your friend, Burnett Lynn, may have been deceived. Jacobi will Bwear that ho never saw me in his life before. -And, supposing that the "charge dies down ia that way, what would you do? You would have placed Clarice in the hands of her worst enemies, and all your e flirts would not save her from Jacobi's clutches. I dare you to say a word more than I tell you to say." " In short," said Nigel gravely, " you mean to threaten mef" Her face softened as it bad softened once before. " Ob, ro," she said, " I have not tbe slightest wish to threaten yoo. Why are we not friends ? I am trying to Eavo Clarice too. I do not want to sc-e her suffer." Nicol's own tones were softer as he said — "Will yon not even give me tho (atisfaction of knowing who you do net declaro yourself ?" " I cannot," she said seriously. " You shall kn«w somo day. Wait till Geoffrey Yanborough is better— or at least able to speak j and then I -may be able io help you more." " And ;n the meantime 1 am to leave Clarico with you ?" (To bh Continued.) 