STHE NIGIIT OF THE S STOR Mi: CHAPTER IlL Fdao nearly an hour the men land been searching the hillside--among ihe wrt and 'downbeaten vines, inl the bare stubble-flelds; and ti I anil Cowl, the banks of the stream, which, swollen lby rain,, rushed over the rocks with, thll sound of a mountain torrent. 'WVhat was 'that noise?' t!"e steward asked suddenly, in the pause after a deafening peal. 'It sounded like the fall of a house.' 'Per Bacco-it was the tower!' one of the men exclaimed:.,' I thought the old owl's nest would, be downi some stormy night.' ' LrckilyJ:the' counti is ot there-' 'But yes-bhe: is:there l'.cried Luig, excitedly,.' and-Dio huanou ' he broke off,,. the signorini . i"'?eraldi turned towards him *.' What do you"maea ? the =mistress is; not near the tower ?', . ' Yes-she;rwent up to .inquire ft ihe Ihad seen the boy. I met her in the wood lialf: arhour ago. :She told ae to siay nothing to ou.'. TlThe steward stared. at the speaker as i the sense of the words hai not rached him.'-: Then this face changed, as a suidden light' burst on his mind.' W-With a hoarse inasiticulate cry hi broke from his com panions, and rushed up the steep road and across the slope to the spot where the tower had stood.; A great' formilless heap of ruin,'from which the duist was~ rising in clouds, was all,that remained of the sturdy-old building which' had resis. ted the shock- of" centuries. Hlie ran 'hither: and thither' distractedly. calling, :. Angelo-Teresa'', . But there was ' no voice, nor any that replied.' The'storm,: as if'satisi.ed with the hayoo it had worked,;'was now siib: siding, the. thunder dying, awvay n.i` didep sullen reverberations, behind the mooun Stains,:though;the rain still fell 'ni tor rents. When the other .men arrived they found the steward likoe oie situn'ed, gaz'ig blaiikly at the ruins. -lb qiickiy roused. himself, however, and despatched two of the men to the farm for spadei and piokaxes.l' When these were brohght? thcy set to worl, with a will, lightedt I, pi.e torches,?which icast a.redl flickering glare over the scene, giving it a straiigd air of unreality.? The 'women.servants, who had hurried: up-after theomen, stood in ar frightenied! group around'l Brigitt..,' who was meehanuicay mutteritng "A'v;e and" Paternostebis while.:, tcars strdainl-h down herblowni,wrinkled checks. - 'Th re.L hoiur '" 'passed tl"?us "; hours thata were bhort" to,thlie workers, but long to the auxious latcathers. It was close upoa midnight whenlethcere was 'a stir ai.d murmur in the ,rouip) ;which Meraldid .was :directing, then a sudden shout which brought thn ,ivwi'eni hurrying to 'the spot.' They''lhaid cleared away `;the :debris aboir a ugreiat lieaas, wlich l'hy obliqyiely, one et! wedged by tween .the fragments of masoniry, wlhilJ *the other rested an the ground, In the hollow space thus formed, under the heap of ruin lay Teresa and little Aangelo whlethe?"dead or living could' ot' betohla till, withl infinite precaution thel''heavv beam had been raised, It was sofiat ascertained that the child, though bruised ali stunned, was not seriously huart. ?e: recovered conreiousneas almost im mediately on being' lifted out into the fresh air,.and clung to his -father's, icck it!h a cry that wenut to thih. hearts of all present.i S:But Teresa lay motionless; theu blood triakliing from :' wouind in hbr. tedmle,i and' ot'the faintest .sigu of lifo in hler ",white face and nerveless, limb,.: Mcralds hastily set the boy oli his feet, and knielt at"herside, watehirig' her 'face", with agouised anxiety. ', Whit'e adf iinianimatc, in,the moonlightaitlooked like-a beaauti ful mask. He- lifted heor head :,oni his knee;, chafiihg; her co)li hanid. ;': he is. dead,' h ti reathed awithli 'shutlder ,tllHat ilhookhim.froom head to foot.. ,f-No, she: is, only. stinCiied,' Brigittea assured him.' L. "Iook'" she 'ia comainig to herself.' After a few minutes the girl's bieast heaved in, a, long-drawia inspiration.; her eyes unclosed andwanderedd around frtom face to.face, .vaguely. at: firt,;thel with' dawuiug recollection and intcllig~eac~e She fried to raise herself, A1ngeai '. : .' . . is. safe --se;,' Brigitta, . replied, drawiug the child forward. ' What bronght Ihimin 'p hete ' iis more thai l caan guess.' I 'know,' hMeraldi nuttered, with a sudden darkening of his face '' If nmy enemy lives he shall answer for it. Teresa,'' he addlcd, beididga his lips to her ear.' you risked your life to save ,ily chil?d?" ;my ivoin' lifie shial shosivY hI"oI. tha'ri'f you ;"' an 'lie passiouatcly kussaed SA faint cqlour .flshlil qi orhlior fine, then fadeld igaij.a '~'lhantk heaven I was in time,' she whispered. ' nahlaassare is thare--under than ruls. T'ry to sy?nv hmi--tbotng Oie is your enemy.' ..; Her, voice failed, and her i head sank beavily'baek u.ijou his knee. f' V must- take hecr home at onceO; Bi igta said anx:ously,.' or to, vyor .c}t tgeC fittoie it is thlp nearettl" 11, t s peated. . . . "'Co on working, men ; I vill be hick' prosclitly,' he said, andt raising Ibi"firti re ini his strong. iarues he here hor 'awi?y I?rigitta fdollowilug with the other, wo?meni. It '.i's,:nIany hours .befrc TI'eresa "re coverO.l' consciousness, all theii' oainl to paissfrom nisonsibility to dliriinuiii,',For' weeks silC'!la, 6osaiitg on a" tioibledl:tidce of fever, whiich threateued to bear her away from love anti life to the shores of the?-silent lantl. At length , the cloudd passedj fro'm her senses, and shlo woke its fot'a:a long .opp)ressive dream, to. flid rsIin.n place which was strange, et rgely.`hamilitdr'to her. A q'uaint littlc p rhmbei~ ivith a'tikld floor and a cLiling crossed.by ohl blackened belims; withlone osv. sqtrare casement looking over a greein iiilflsieo aidl a sea of vines towards the diltaitit'mountains, which werre bathed itsr the inoffable briglitgess qf early mnorntiing' tlihe wiiilow was oalen qdtnittitlg tile cool scentteItl liir, wlrl it soutltd of chiimoes flrontll somr dlistiltit C :ivtqt miqgled withl sweet rustic traise q'f tirrklin. oxen bells, cr'raking wnggroi, stidI tIhe voices pf the :cointadini passing by tq their' work amonig the 'tl.wy vines. Curled rip on. the Ilroo wan a liittln Angelo,:plraing a solitary gaieo of '" aorona," and near the wintldos sat B3rigitta severely Uiplighlt rtrd .kgitting cucrgetic-ally. Teresa raised herself amongst the pil lows, and uttered, her -coasin's unue. I the latter droppel ?i i pi ?s.s ith a hasty 'Santa Maria il'.ad was at her side in a moment, while Angelo scramb cI up on her bed. Do you know me, carina ?' the holse ieeper inquired.u The girl extended her hand, with a Of course I do'my go id ;ousin,' she -ui 'nintly, t but I hhardly :know ,ay Ni I fcel so wesktianrd strange -this i 'as iy .ro?im' `hse added, looki,:g 'o yonu are at the fattore's cottage, they brought you -here that dreadful night-' 'Ah, I remember,' the girl' interrup ted, with a shudder, cove.ring' her eyes .with her handi. Y Was Count* Baldas sare found-alive ?' she askedr after a moment, witliout looking np. ' Yes, he is alive. f He-but you must not question ile liow.' I will tell you more wlhen.you are betti r. .. . ' He is ahve-that ..is - all I wish to know ; please never mention his name to me agai:l,' she said quiicikly, a faint col our rising. to her, cheeks. lie-' companion " gave her a dubious glance but said nothing. S\VWhere is Mllerahli ?', Teresa asked presently. Not far off- for certain. lie has hardly left the house since you were ill, anid he looks hlike .a ghost of himself. Certainly .he has, more. feeling than I gave him credit far- ' A gentle tap at the door interrupted her. 'Is srhe conscious?' the. steward's voice inquired, • T thought I beard her speaking.'. . . . ,... L'et him come in,' Teresa interposed, arnd he was- admitted. His cheeks were scarcely less whiter than lier own, and his strong hand trembled like a leaf as he laid it on hers He looked dow:u at her and tried .to speak, but his voice failed him, and his 'chest heaved coll vulsively. Suddenly he turned aside, and rested his arin against the wall, lay ing his firelhead upon it.` I Do not,' shle ,said brokently, ' do -'ot, Antonio.' But thetears were run ning down. her cheeks as she spoke. 'after.a moment lhe turned and looked at her again ;. at the lovely p;illid face,-with the subdued l cxipression which gave it a d?ew charrm ;:at the great dark eyes whlich seemed almost to a largo for the iwasted features. His hald closed on hers wi'h a passionate pressure that almliot hIurt her. 4 ' llaven is merciiil,'- he - breatlied ' it has ;given yopllback to us fr nn thie veray gates of death- ' Wliht sloulr, I 'have done if the fever had taken you ?' She shook her! head with a wistful smile. S.' It wouldl not have nmattr-red-vou wonllh ltill have Angel.,,' she stid,Ilaying her disengaged hantl oil "the boy's curls. .\leralhi' regarn'ed' her a moment wiilllt speakling. There was a look in his eyes she had never seen before; a look which sent a thrill of mingled joy and sadness to her heart. SAy-- I should still have my boy ,' he said at last, in his deep grave voice, " and once I told you I needed no other love but his. But the very hour. I spoke those words I beanr to find out my mi.-; take. Terosa, if lou had been taken the void in my life could never, never have been filled I Dear, I have been blind and insensible, but I knowv my own heart now, and if it is not too-late \Vhy (do youllook at me so piteously ?', It is too lta,' shiie breathed in a-voiee scarcely audible, 'Carissimna-youn will not let pride stand between us?' 'Pride ? all, no; pride can.ot " stand before this miglt of love --- ' You love rme? then what need; keep us apart ?' My' vow,' she filltered ; ' the vow that wasrung from me on' tlrit'"-tce~riolhe Inight--- , ........ ... That inigt ?' lhe interrupted; h al, I begin to unIer itai i1. ' Bal:lassare nade you promise that you `would never be my wife- -' ,' While he lieved,' she concluded., He straightenied his 'tall figure and looked at Iher with a sulhlell clhange of expression. W While lie lived ? :;T 'heii you do not She"rriiised hcr headl- from among tire pillows, looking fromn hin to her cousini. SBrigatta told me he was livinig.' ' He was alive wheri ive found him, but: inljured beyond: hope of recovery. -lHe lived long enough to receive absolution, after making a confe-sinri, the subject of whicl- you irndl I-anl-uess. hut:for you Teresa, I believe I shiuuld never have seen roy child ahaiii~. 'Do not let usnthliukof.it she said with: 'No,' hie iagreed, 'let it be- forgotteu like a had drearn. \We can affird to for get'the past thet'lresient~is so sweet, alid the futui&? tre ' ''l'le fotule,'-.she .repeated as lie IHo bout and looked into her eyes with a tender plending, smile. ."'ly~future is in your I'ands,' ho whis 'pred, ' It rests with you so maikc it dark or saany. 'My love-my dear heart you .iill not send mo' away. You 'will let me stay-as your ' prime minis ter "'' S'She put, her arms up and drew his head ,still closer. - No ; stayr-us my king,'she wh?isi)eredl anud laid Lher lhps to hils.-- Argosy.' ALLa?rT .cu I'uSIta[eNTr O A. INNooFNT MtAN.-The Melbourne Tceleqrapha of Friday states that anottir phase of the Murray nassault and robbery enate before the City Pc lice Court. It is a case in which Mr. IHdges, the Chinese' interpreter, .alleges thnt an innocm nt ulln has been imprisoned for the crime. On tho 8th 1)eeemnber William James lisuraly was assaulted and ribbed, in Little llomrke-street, by three Ilien. A man naluotd Summers saenrrested, conaicted of the crime, and sentenced to four year.' imhrisanmont and three flog. uiugas, lne of which he lhas already receiuedl, Two men, nrnmed Jatnes Donnven and Msatr?;e ' Abrahamts . have now been inrestlud--]..)olu·veoi at W'Votldenlld, ancl Abrahams at t3ahl.,tit, Mr. Ilodges aflirmn thue Stunmme'.a is not guilty ofa the crime ifr which lie is at pretus:t undeCgoing puli' hineflt, ('lrase to rotmemiibur that in the ieconomy of life shb'a'irrcmgress and hiqnast waeihtar sie b'altt.r thJta long protoress and ahnlot wright. It is c?sy Ip criticise what is wrong in ni athier man's life, but.a very difficult thing to r?ollydo dmulc better than he duoes. 