THE AUSTRALIAN ELEVEN. I The following is the result of the I matches played by the Australian Eleven I in England this year I Won (18). I Australia v Lord ShelBelds Eleven, by I an innings and 6 runs. I Australia v. Surrey, by 8 wickets Australia v. Birmingham District, by 4 wickets Australia v. Derbyshire, by an inmngs aud 40 runs Australia v. Nottinghamshire, by -3 wickets Australia v. Yorkshire, by 3 wickets Australia v. Cambridge 'Varsity, by 174 runs Australia v. Liverpool District, by 1 wicket Australia v. Gentlemen, by 46 runs Australia v. Players, by 6 wickets Australia v. Leicestershire, by 10 wickets Australia v. Middlesex, by an innings aud 29 runs Australia v. Players, by 9 wickets Australia v. Gloucestershire, by an iunings and 137 ruus Australia v Cambridge Past and Pre sent, by 142 runs Australia v. South of England, by an innings and 107 runs ' Australia v. I Ziugari, won by 6 wickets Australia v. South of England, won by an innings and (j ruus Drawn (7). Australia v. Lancashire ? Australia v. Huddersfield and Dis trict Australia v. England Australia v. Sussex Australia v. Gloucestershire (return) Australia v. England Australia v. Nottinghamshire (return Lost (7). Australia v. Oxford 'Varsity, by ' wickets Australia v. M.C.C and Ground, by at innings and 115 runs Australia v. Gentlemen, by 4 wickets Australia v. North of England, by ai innings and 21 ruus Australia v. England, by au iuningi aud 5 ruus Australia v. Kent, by 96 runs Australia v. North of England, by 171 ruus. Of the seven drawn matches, five wer certain defeats for the Australians, ani the other two— against All England — were very open draws. A Cabo. — To all who arepnfieiing from th errors and indiscrctioD of youth, nervous weak n ?sr, e:irly decay, Iobr of manhood, &c; , I -wi Mind a rccipe that will cure vou, free of chargi Tf'is prpat remedy wag discovered by a missioi ary in South Amorira. Send a self-addresse eDvelope and sixpence to prepay poBtage to tl Hep. Joseph T, Inman, Station D., Mew Yoi City, U.R.A Small Capitalists wishing v Establish Business should Bee if there is An c-qening for Mineral Water Manufactory in their distric All information and receipts for'lbc purpo ti making Lemonade, Soda Water, ic., isgivi '?previous knowledge is not necessary. Tl demand for these drinks is so much on the i crease, in all parts of the world, that theoutli for the machinery in all eases leads to a pro able and safe business. Catalogue' forward! free, or can be hi*. 'At the office of this paper - payment of Is.— Bahnett and 'Foster, .Enj neers 230, forston street. London, N. Adviok to Mothebb I— Are you' : broken your rest by a sick child suffering with the pa of cutting teeth 1 Go at once to'a chemist, ai get a bottle of Mas. Winslow's Soothe Svkup. It will relive the poor sufferer ii mediately. It is perfectly harmless and piei ant to taste, it produces natural, quiet slet by relieving the child from pain, and the liti cherub awakes 'a8 bright as 'a bntton.' sothes the child, it softens the gams, allays i pain, relieves nind, Tegulates the bowels, a is the best known remedy for dysentery a diarrhoea, whether arising from teething other causes. . MrB. WinBlow's Soothing Syr is sold by Medicine dealers everywhere at lid. per bottle. Ghosts. — An attempt is being made in t old country 10 revive the belief in visitai from another world, and many are tbe wondi ful stories that fill some of the journals. : 1 sceptical mind is, however, inclined to ad- Scrooge's remark to Marley's ghosV: ' How) I know that you are not a bit of undigeat bread ?' for, of all the ghost, producers, a bit ' heavy' bread is the most potent.. It iga:w- der, therefore, that people do not adopt i sorest spell against' ghosts by. using Borwic Gold Medal Baking Powder in makingibrm for, although it. won't, 'raise ghostsj' .it-j raise; bread in the most admirable falju Every wi6e -Btorpkeeper has il^by hln^-yi ?very good howwiaa bays. i(. : bJ i : i 