DAVITT THE CORRESPONDENCE- No. XIX. London, 80th October, 1884. Sown the readers of the Advocate heard fMm me last Ireland has lost one of her most gifted and most unselfish representative publio men. It is no disparagement of the fa the death of A. SI. Sullivan, our oause has suffered a loss whioh is irreparable; for no living Irishman osn fill the position whioh " A. M. S." oooupied in the National ranks— a post whioh, for well-nigh forty years, was held for Ireland with singular ability, oourage, perseverance, and self-denial by one whodies regretted alike by Irishmen and Eng. lishmen. In the Press, in the prison, and in Parliament he has fearlessly vindioated the national birthright of his country, and although he was never what is known as an •'advanoed Nationalist," there was no interest affecting the honour and welfare of Ireland, no oause that oould advance her on the way to independence, whioh did not find in A. M. Sullivan a ready and a matchless advooate. Called away at the early age of fifty-four, he leaves behind him one of the most devoted and most patriotio women whioh kind fortune has ever given to an Irish Nationalist for a wife. With nine helpless children she has now to mourn not only a historic name but the only provider for herself and her little ones. Ireland has spontaneously offered to take these saored oharges to its oare and proteotion, and it is most earnestly hoped that our generous oountrymen in the Australian oolonies will join with us in the performance of the duty whioh we owe to the family of one who never allowed thought of himself or his ohildren to lessen his exertions in behalf of our oommon oountry. It. iB to be regretted that the oondition of affairs in Ireland is not more enoouraging. The oountry oannot be said to be more prosperous than formerly by reason of reoent land legislation, although there is undoubtedly some little relief from the acute distress of the laBt few years amongst the pooifer olasseB of farmers. But a angle bad season would onoe more preoipitate ns into a famine, so oloBely on the verge of starvation do the poorer people still live. The better clasa of farmers, and even the graders, are beginning to realise that the Land Question is far from settled. The prioes of cattle have seriously declined, and we may expect in a very short time a very earnest agitation for a serious amendment of the late Land Act, or its entire superoeBsion. The Land Courts are, indeed, practically abandoned. Less than one-fifth of t!he tenant-farmers of Ireland have sought the proteotion of the Aot, and that because it has been found that the administration of the Aot has been entrusted to men who have observed a surprising uniformity both in their methods of going to work, and in the rents whioh they have fixed, so that the net result is what certain members of the Government " predicted," vis., that rents have been reduced to the level of those common in the best managed estates. It is quite time that the Aot says that no rent shall be charged upon tenants' improvements; butthoBe who have had the appointment of the administrators of the Aot have taken oare to select perfectly safe men. I do not share the common belief that the Sub • commissioners, upon their appointment, have been specially instructed how far they ought to go in the matter of reducing rent; but I do say that the Snb-oommismoners, being " safe" men, would be perfectly conversant with the views of the leading members of the Government, so frequently wero they expressed both in Parliament during the parang of the Aot, and out of Parliament subsequent to its becoming law. For instance, when Mr. Gladstone said—I think at Leeds—that the eases whioh were being prepared by the Land League for the purpose of testing the Aot would be "scouted from the Court," the result was a foregone oonolusion. As though to prevent so great a soandal, however, the Government arrested the exeoutive, and thus prevented the test oases from bring presented at all, and therefore avoided the " scouting" which Mr. Gladstone so confidently predicted. But this incident illustrates my meaning. A further incident will make that meaning plainer stilL Lord Oariingford, late Mr. Chichester Forteecue, a farmer Liberal Chief Secretary, onoe frankly said in Ireland that the object of the Ant was to reduoe rackrente to the level of the cent* on the best nonaged estates In the oountry. Similar observations were frequently made by members of the Government, so that it was not neoecsary to give to " safe" men any more particular Instructions. " About a pound an Aore for fairly good land" was the price that was, as it were, in the air at the time of the appointment of the Commissioners. This is about the rent customary on what are oalled the best managed estates, and this is about the rent whioh the Land Com missioners have fixed in the oases whioh have oome under their jurisdiction. We are justified in concluding, therefore, that the Government, while telling the people of England that their Irish Land Aot does not permit rent to be assessed upon tenants' improvements, and that nothing but fair rente obtain in Ireland now, are anxious to do two things—1st, to lead England to believe that they have made a final settlement of the Irish Land Question on a just and equitable basis, and that, accordingly, any further complaints on the part of the Irish people are unfounded, and made merely for ulterior purposes; 2nd, to make the existing system in Ireland tolerable. It was intolerable to the tenant-farmer so long as rents ranged above a poundit would be intolerable to the landlords if they should range much below a pound, and without the landlords the English Government would be without their garrisons. The landlords are the conservative force in the oountry, and this no one knows better than Mr. John Bright, who onoe declared that the most effective way to increase the conservative forces in Ireland was to increase the number of landowners. A peasant proprietary has always been Mr. Bright's panaoea for tho ills of Ireland, and he has never sorupled to avow his oonviotion that a peasant proprietary would strengthen the conservative force in Ireland, and tighten the bonds whioh unite the two countries together. There oannot be the shadow of a doubt in the minds of any impartial observers that this would be so; and thus is aooounted for the important faot that both Tories and Whigs are thoroughly in acoord upon the proposal to facilitate the purchase of their farms by tenant-farmers under the purchase clauses of the Land Aot. What may be oalled the agents of England never weary oi the endeavour to persuade the farmers to oome forward and purohase their holdings. But the designs of these people have been, so far, frustrated by the circumstance that the National party have flaunted the "Healy clause" before the people's minds, and have led them to the determination that, at all events, they will not purchase until at least their rents have been reduoed to the value of the bare land. By that time it may be expeoted that the people will oome to see that there is no urgent necessity for purchasing the land at all, and that its annual value may be better employed in paying the National expenses than in pensioning a lot of idlers who neither toil nor apin. For, happily, the great truth is making rapid way that the Land Question concerns not alone those who are immediately interested in it, but the entire industrial community. It is seen that whoever holds the land of a country is not alone able to rule it in a politloal sense, but is able also to drain it in an eoonomio sense to just such an extent as may be desired, and thus to be in avery real sense masters of the situation. It is owing to the spread of the light on this aspeot of the Land Question that the efforts to ruse the price of land whioh have been made lately have met with signal failure. The land reformers of Ireland, moreover, have much reason to hope that corresponding movements in England and Scotland will p them materially. A short time ago Mr. Gladstone, in a speech to his constituents, deolared that the Land Act had met every case of rack-renting in Ireland, and that the power of the Land League, which had aimed at inducing men to refuse to pay the cents they had contracted to pay, had been broken. This was really a misstatement, the aim of whioh was to promote in the minds of Englishmen and Sootohmen the idea that Ireland bad been righteously dealt with, and was now complaining with' out sufficient reason. We might have been powerless to refute these misstatements but for the droumstanoe that the people of Great Britain are awakening to the faot that, in the land systems to whioh they are subject, and the House of Lords, they have the efficient oausesof industrial depression and political oppression, and an thus inclined to listen to us when we toll them—first, that the Land Aot has not settled tha Land Qasstion lor In- land, and that ill* system of Castle govern* ment is for us an intensification of the political oppression whioh we, in oommon with tbem, suffer from the hereditary House of Peers. Politically speaking, I am afraid we have little to hope for from the present Parliament, or even from the Liberal party as at present constituted. The Castle system has never in all history reoelved suoh ruthless exposure as during the past six months, and there is amongst the rank and file of the Liberal party a strong feeling that " something ought to be done." Bnt amongst official Liberals there is no one with oourage sufficient to grapple boldly with the evil. We shall probably in the next Parliament be treated to a County Government Bill. The measure, in all likelihood, will embrace all three countries, and the cry will go out: " Here is a measure whioh places all of us on the same footing; surely you Irishmen ought to be oontent." The rank and file Liberals will paoify their oonsoienses by saying: "This is a step in the right direction. It does not go far enough; but we will support the Government." The official Liberals will meet our demurrers by the platitude that " the evik of oenturies oannot be cured in a dayand they will ask us to give this new measure a trial. Their aim is the same as ever—to ohoke off agitation. They say that English pnblio opinion will not allow them to do more. But they do not onoourage suoh opinion to do more. When they find that we endanger their party interests, then they bring publio opinion up to a point sufficiently high to permit them to pass a small and half-hearted measure, whioh they reoommend to Parliament by the plea that it will strengthen the empire by increasing the conservative forces in Ireland. Our duty, under suoh oiroumstanoes, seems to me perfectly plain. It is two- fold—first, to cultivate a strong and an earnest publio opinion at home, and have the country thoroughly well organised in support of the National demands; seoond, to avail ourselves of every possible opportunity of laying our oase before the people of Great Britain. I know very well that we are under no obligation to enlighten the British publio, but, for the matter of that, neither are we under say obligation to enlighten the British Parliament; yet we attempt to do the latter with not the most satisfactory results. As a rule, the Britsh Parliament pays little heed to what our representatives say, and, as a rnle> the English and Scotch members walk out the moment Irish business comes on. It must be a thankless business to be an Irish member. It would not be so thankless if we at home baoked our representatives more heartily, and if we sought by all means to win over to our side some of the constituents of the English and Scottish members. It appears to me that we may just as reasonably go to the British oonBtituenoies as to the British Parliament, and, I believe, our efforts would meet with muoh greater success. It fell to my lot the other evening to address a very large and thoroughly representative audience in the Bhoreditoh Town Hall, Haokney (a part of London), the constituency of Prof. Fauoett, Postmaster-General. The audience was almost exclusively composed of Englishmen. The chair was oooupied by a Protestant Episoopal clergyman, and there were on the platform four other Protestant clergymen of different denominations. The opportunity was too good to be lost, and accordingly I spent the first quarter of an hour in expounding the essential points of the Irish National oase. I was well re warded. I found in that thoroughly typical audience a warm desire to know the real truth about Ireland, and an equally earnest feeling that justice should be done. This is not an isolated incident in my experience, for I have found the same thing wherever and whenever I have addressed English or SoottiBh audienoes, and therefore it is that I insist that, in addition to going to the British Parliament, we should go to the British constituencies likewise. Above and before all, however, It is absolutely essential that we should be able to show that the people at home are In solemn earnest. In Ireland itself the people must be olosely organised, and observe a determined altitude. Ait the present moment I regret to «ay that there axe not wanting indications that the organisation of the oountry is neither what it might be nor what it should be. Without these indications the terrible revival of land grabbing, and the faot that the Oorernment h>s<elt at liberty to withdraw the extra *w«& fcom ^ofootted farm% ar The Government are undoubtedly UHn„ vantage of the lukewannnessofuZ?*? 4, for tbey h.ve - l - s ^ ^ ^ gard to the Maamtrasna c^TndJlt are no better so far as the attitude supporters is concerned. Oat of 103 T^ members less than 40 voted fcr » qulry, while only about eight English m hers voted with them; fnd thif^l standing that the amendment asking fat, WM Bmended 8t th e "WMttou o, J English member with a view to mat»* larger measure of support. For my own part, however, I do not thiok that the lack of organisation as » presented by the National Leagn* all indicates any real lukewarnmeu on the part of the great body of the peopk with regard to the leading points at issue » between us and England. There are oo n . siderable numbers of ardent Nationalist* who do not belong to the National Lsagne beoause they consider that organisation does not go far enough on the Land Question, and the managers of the league do not enoourage any one to join the league unless they accept the programme of the league in its entirety. This is oontrary to the understanding npoa whioh the league was founded; and it has an injurious effeot upon the organisation. Nevertheless if a vacancy should ooour in any constituency outside of Ulster, and in several inside that provinoe, none but a thoroughly Nationalist candidate would have the ghost of a ohanoe of being elected. This means that on a great publio occasion minor differences disappear, and all Nationalists, whatever their views on social questions, unite to oarry their man. It would be premature just at present to discuss the Franohise Question, and the effeot of redistribution in Ireland, for the ohanoes are that the Peers will throw out the bill, and that there will be a dissolution. The Liberals will go to the oountry with » good ory against the House of Peers, and they will be able to say that, in their efforts to extend the Franchise in England, and t» equalise and extend it in Ireland, they wen actuated by a desire to strengthen the Empire. The ory against the Peers will Muffice to drown all oritieism of their foreign polioy, and they may be expeoted to retain to Westminster still in power. In the meantime, the Irish Government has enough of trouble on its hands to satisfy the most ardent enemy of Dublin Castle. The Corporation of Limeriok deolares its readiness to go to prison in preference to the payment of Lord Spenoer'sodiouspolieetax. Kilkenny Corporation seems intent upon following the spirited action of the city of the Violated Treaty, while the city fathers of Dublin, not to b» outdone in publio oourage and national duty, have also refused to pay certain snms assessed to them by the unfortunate Viceroy. To put the Castle completely in the Shaufkratcn, so far as its publio credit is concerned, the Maamtrasna debate on the criminality of Castle law in condemning innocent men to death and imprisonment had oaly just finished in the House of Commons when the news comes from Dublin that Cornwall, a Castle offioial, is acquitted on an unmsntionable charge, notwithstanding the faot that his guilt was made clear and manifest to the publio in the reoent notion for libel which he instituted against William O'Brien. The days of suoh a system of Irish Government as that of Dublin Castle are numtaed, and those days, thank God, oannot ha ? ifftffP 11 "'- Doca. SXXTBBW years ago an undiscovered robbery took • place from the Camp Hotel, MUton, New new Zealand. A few days ago Mr. Johns, who was then the proprietor, received a parcel from Sydney containing the jewellery, and £610s. in money to cover the value or anv missing. The writer regretted that circumstances had prevented an earlier ratet U A°£nranffi, measuring about 6000 feetlong, and constructed at least nine oenturiesbelMe ttoChristianera, has just l ^ disoov^V the Governor -of tho Island of Bamofc Herodotusmenuonsuiu for providing the old seaport with drinHng tains water tabes of about 25 f^timeferesin diameter, each one provided with a i o r t a ^ purposes. The tunnel is not ths^P^b^f^stOTybaTbeen compelled to suspend operations. Aairoiarti Balsam ofHMmwngr Nothing so quickly cures coughs, taoncMg actons? loss of vbice, inflaenw and sna an Bonrau>n» tiUKmghootthaOotonisa 