THE IVNITER STEEPLECHASE MEETING FLEMINGTON. \-- (CommsrxCATo). Of all the events which stir the breast of sportsmen throughout the Australian colonies, it would be idle to assert that any surpasses the great Spring Handicap known as the Melbourne Cup; but at that season the weather is apt to be hot, and the going a little bit too sound for jumping events. But every Anglo-Saxon and Celt dearly loves to hear what our great Australian poet termed " The rend ing of blackthorns and rattle of rails," and this is equally loved by their Austra lian sons and daughters. If Pat wishes to praise a horse, his highest commendation is " Sure he throws an elegant lop." The Englishmani's laudation is " He's as clever as a cat," whilst the Australian notes the horse who can race over four foot six of gum, box, or stringy bark, the acme of equine excellence, Knowing this deep seated popalar love of a jumper, the Vic toria hac~ng Club have most wisely set a. day apart, when the weather is cool, the eoing a bit holding, and the turf vividly green in its emerald freshness, for a day's cross-country racing. And, as at this season hunting is fairly under way, all our best amateur and professional horsemen are congregated near the Metropolis, and Hurdle Racing and Steeplechasing can be seen at its very best. Very beautiful is Flemington in these bright winter days of July, the turf is velvet pile both in lawn and straight, and although the English trees have lost their leaves, evergreens indigenous and exotic, display their glossy foliage on every side. Chrysanthemums, Jonquils, Narcissus, and Geraniums blossom in the flower-beds, with which Mr Byron Moore has decorated the lawn, whilst the Foun tain flings its diamond spray into the sun light, sparkling prismatically. What though mornings are a bit frosty, the sun shines out cheerily and lights up the silk and satin of the horsemen as they canter past the stand on the weight-carry ing thorough breds which have made Vic torian steaplechasing a synonym for pluck and daring. As an Inglis or a Glasscock is noted beside a Corrigan, Scobie, or King, both amateur and professional come in for a share of admiration, and fair and friendly criticism. The Meeting, which will be held on Saturday, the 19th instant, promises to eclipse any of its predecessors, not c1=y in the matter of arrangement of pro gramme, but also in the value of its prizes, the number of horses engaged in each of its events, and in the character and quality of the animals therein competing Very wisely at this season the Victoria Racing Club offers special prizes for maiden horses, both as hurdle racers and steeple shasers. That each year increases the popularity of these races the entries show. Thus, in the programme now about to eventuate, The Maiden Hurdle Race boasts no less than 26 entries. A star is very appropri ately the very first to shine; a Lady Teazle gives hint of an (Argu s) Scandal; whilst an Insolvent is appropriately close to a Borderman. A Tattler may tell a merry tale to a Gippsland Squire; Con ingsby may take a premier position ; while Paganini should play a merry tune, and any Hazard may be provided for by a Sinking Fund. Still, it is hard to pick a Sheet Anchor or avoid innocent Raillery when an Omadhaun is about, and even the Cockboat may not carry us safely through. Verily it is a most aristocratic field, as, besides those named, Lo Beau, a crack two-year-old, Kit Nubbles, a half brother to the mighty Swiveller, the Ghost whose Bracelet honours are yet thick upon him, are all in the list. The Maiden Steeplechase has also filled wonderfully, as it has also had 26 ent red. Hope, Pride, Sulphur, and Holyrood are very opposite ingredients, but among the others Notorious is a son of the mighty Sussex. Banyenong, Kulkine, Yanco, The Baron, Bard of Erin, Kingston, De ceiver, and Adsum have big private re putations. The Grand National Hurdle Race then follows, and in this no less than 35 of the highest-class have been engaged. When such names as those of Malua, Ringwood, Don Quixote, The Joker, The Agent, Flamborough, Basilisk, and Ontario are mentioned, the cry of a well-known steeplechase jock of, "What sort, Boss 1" is hardly to be wondered at, whilst the names of Yarree, Ontario, Sundowner, Sheet Anchor, and other winners show that those instanced by no means exhaust the list of celebrities and past winners. The Grand National Steeplechase then follows. Twenty-nine entries attest that despite the drain India makes upon us for this class of horse, and though Panic has joined the Great Majority, a big list of good ones is still to the fore. Of past winners over big timber in the list there are many, notably, Blackthorn, Chester, Governor, Great Western, Chippenham, Tandaticker, Lizette, General Jackson, All Serene, Friendless, Union, Stampede, and Bryan O'Lynn, while the hurdle race division furnish such candidates as Sun downer, Pride, and Hope. Verily, a con test of giants may be anticipated. The Selling Hurdle Race has 20 entered, almost every one of which has at some time gained winning brackets, and here, with their owners' own handicapping, the pace should be of the merriest kind. West Coast, Irralee, Ned Kelly, Yarree, Merrie, and Prospect, being a fair sample of the nags engaged. This race in itself should be worthy the longest journey, for which the excursion fares are granted. Sport will wind up with The Handicap Flat Race of one mile, a7t is the lightest burden allotted, and herein are engaged all the speediest horses on the Victorian Turf--lalua, Iron master, Ringwood, Hurricane, St. Law rence, Black Diamond, Boolka, Don Quixote, and Bonny Bee sound like merry music; and when the numbers go up, very fast time, despite the height of the minimum carried, will be chronicled be low them. From every part of Victoria, the Hop Grounds of Gippsland, the Potato Fields of Warrnambool, the Hills of Cole raine, the Mountains of Mlitta Mitta, and the Spreading Plains of the Richardson, the Wimmera, and the West, lovers of the sport will assemble, as well as from the other Colonies, and such a cross country carnival will be held as has never yet been seen even at famous Flemington. 