"¿OVE POR LIFÊF CHAPTER I, « SOME DA* I SHALL TELL THESE HIGH, onEEDï BSTMREBS ALL I THINK OP THRU» The Bight of a bright, laughing young face.lookine out from the broken arch of a ruined window-tha window covered with ivy of a hundred years'growth -the face fair as youth and health could make it» would have startlsd any one. It startled Nigel Fiel den, who had been sent down to the ruins at Ulsdula" Castle to sketch the fine arches of the once great windows, which Lord Estmere wished to reproduce in another building. He had been at Ulsdale for als whole days, and had seen no one except the old housekeeper and a very pretty young maid-servant . he had heard nothing but the song of a thousand birds coming from the great clusters of ivy that cling round the great old towers and battlements; now he hearsaeweet voice singing blithely and carelessly as any happy bird in the ivy-clad towera. He stood still to listen. Tne words were those of the old fashioned, beautiful song JOCK OP HAZELDEAN. " Why weep yo by the tide, ladle ? Why weep ye by the tide ? Young Krankte chief of Errington, And ye shall b> hlj, bride! Te shall be his bride, ladle, So comely to be seen. But, ah ! she let the tears dowala' For Jock of Hazeldean." It seemed to the listener as though the birds * paused in their flight to listen, and the butterflieB poised lightly on their winga. The voice was so sweet and clear, quite untwined, full and free as that of a wild bird, yet every note vibrated with what, from want of a better word, we call " soul," It was bo sympathetic that it brought the whole pic« ture before the listener. The lady seated on the Iona sea-shore, watching the tide roll on, while she wept salt tears. What was the chief of Errington to her, when she loved "Jook of Hazeldean?;' The next words he heard were: "The lady waa not seen! She's o'er the border, and awa' wv Jook of Hazeldean." Then came the ripple of a sweet, sunny laugh and all was still. " It must be the ghost of one of the Ladies Est mere," the listener said to himself. His wonder grew. He was standing on a grassy knoll, half hidden by tall, waving ferns; Bhe was seated in the broken arch of what had once been tho great western window of an old church. The crumbling stones were covered with ivy; scarlet creepers hung down to the grass; great groups of golden-brown gillyflowers grew in the clefts ; the meadow-sweet grew tall and strong. From out the tangled frame-work of ivy and flowers the beautiful fair head stood in bold relief-a head each as one sees in the famous pictures of Greuze-the golden hair, with a natural ripple in it ; the broad, low, white brow ; blue eyeB, all sunshine and laughter, yet, to a keen observer, with something of weariness in their bright depths ; a lovely mouth ; a ekin all lilies and roses ; a young face, on which, up to the present hour, neither time nor experience had written on» line. Quite suddenly, as she gazed listlessly from the ruined window, she saw the stranger who had lis* tened to her song. His eyes met hers ; be raised his bat. Then, as though some irresistible fore» drew him toward her, he left the grassy kooli whare the ferns grew, and walked to the window. So fate draws uu as with a finger of straw. Iff Lynette Estmere had not sung of " Jock o' Hazel- dean" that lovely June morning, this story would never have been written. Nigel Fielden looked up at the beautiful arch, then st the fresh young face framed by it; he took off his hat and stood bareheaded while he spoke to her. "I beg your pardon," he sa'id. "I have been at work among these ruins so many days, and so en« tirely alone, that the sound of your voice startled ma." A crimson flush covered the fresh young face. " I did not know that any one was here,"said the girl, " I have lived at Ulsdale six years, and you are the first stranger I have seen." " Do you live here, at the ruins ?" he asked, ia surprise. " Yea : there are six or seven good rooms left in the keep. I live there with Mrs. Wytchley, the housekeeper, and Barbara Hope, her servant, " You live with them," he repeated. " Why, then, who are you?" She laughed; and his keen ear detected just a little tinge of bitterness in that laugh, " Who am I ? To tell you the truth," ehe added, with a passionate outburst, " that question from a stranger may well puzzle me, for it is a question I am always asking myself. " Who am I ? The birds in the old ivied towera, the rooks in the old lime treeB, could answer that question better than I." " I am sorry I asked it," he said gently ; but it was sueh a surprise. I had no idea tint any one except the caretaker lived here, and I was startled when I saw you looking so perfectly at home, among the ivy and the flowers." " Yes," she answered, looking round with a bright emile of unutterable content, .' I am at home here these ruins are my world, I people them as I will -r this magnificent arch is all that is left of one of the finest windows in England, Many years ago when Ulsdale was a great castle, with towers and battle» meats that were the wonder of all who saw them, a noble church stood side by side with it-a church dedicated to the Saint Columbar-and these are the ruins of the once happy shrine." She seemed to be speaking more to herself than to bim, but he listened eargerly, "I people them," she continued. "Forme the knights once more scale the ramparts, ladies stand at the castle windows, and the white veiled nuns fill the church." " Tou should not live in dreams," he said, gently ; «it is not a healthy life." " I have nothing else to live in or for," she replied. "KI dare, I should eBk you how old you are?" said Nigel Fielden. "Perhaps you would be angry with me ; but it seems bo strange to be so young a lady, and so lonely." " I will tell you my age," she replied, smilingly. " I shall be seventeen in July," "You are too young to be so lonely," he said, thoughtfully. "I may repeat my question, 'Who are you ?' " " And I may repeat my answer that the birde and' the rooks know almost as well as I do," "But you must have an individuality," and a name," he remonstrated. "I have a great deal of individuality," she re- plied, " also a very good name. I am called Lynette Estmere." " Lynette-that is a quaint, old-fashioned name," he said. "I have, read of it in old Saxon poems. You are the first lady I have ever known who bears it." Then she replied, quickly ¡ "You have not known many of the Estmeres." "I know none but the present lord," he an- swered. She went on : ' In every branch of the family tbe eldest daugbte is always called Lynette. If there were four brothers, and they were all married, each one would call his eldest daughter Lynette ; it is a custom of the family." " A very pretty one, too," said Nigel Fielden. By thiB time he had begun to feel quite at home with the beautiful, friendless girl. Suddenly he raised his eyes to her, and said, quickly : " If your name is Estmere, you must be related to the family who own Ulsdale." " I do belong to them," she replied, " by name ; but I do not think any of them ever remember me." " Yet," he said, slowly, " you ara one to be remem- bered," " Am IP" ehe cried, brightly. Should you remem- ber me P Do I seem to you a person that Bny one would like ?" '. Yes," he answered, slowly, "I think you are." She did not nee the light that flashed in his ey ob, or the quiver on bia lipa, " I should imBgine," he continued, alowly, " that you would be very much liked; but how is it that you, an Estmere, are living here alone. " Because I belong, in some measure, to every- body, yet to nobody. I can explain it to you very clearly. The Estmere family ia a large one. The reigning lord, Thornton, is married, and has two sons ; tua eldest is, of course, his heir. He has also three brotheta-Rudolph, Arnold, and Arthur. Rudolph ia married, but I do not think the others are. My father was Captain Hugh Estmere, n first cousin of the present lord, but he was not one of the fortunate ones of the world-he lost all his money ; he went to Canada, where he married a beautiful Canadian girl, as poor aa himself. He died in Canada, and my mother brought me home. They are rich, you know, these Estmerea; the .baron, who lives at Eingmere, so the housekeeper says, ' rolls in money.' I wonder why people uee that expression, ' rolls in money ?' It seems a most abautd one. My mother brought me home here a little child only five years old: and-will you be- lieve it?-these EstmeroB, who own money and lands more than one can tell, not one of them waa willing to help her, The baron, Thornton, Lord Estmere, said it was as much as he'could do to meet his expenses : his wile, Lady Estmere, a bril- liant leader of fashion, spent a royal income in London, The second brother, Arthur, waa abroad, and never even answered my mother's letter. The third brother, Rudolph, was married, and living on a small estate in the country ; he declared himself both unwilling and unable to help the wife and child of another man. ' Arthur, the youngest, allowed her fifty pounds per annum. You see, it is not always a fortunate thing to belong to a noble family. Then Lord Estmere, shamed into som« little show of liber- ality, offered my mother a cottage here. In the old keep there are some six or seven habitable rooms, and we lived in them together, my mother and I, for nine years." Her face changed, her lips quivered, her eyes grew brighter. " I will not cry," she said ; " but when I think of it my hot anger knows no bounds. We lived here nine long years, and during the whole time no one came to see us. No one cared for us ; we were both dead to the world, just as I am dead to it now ; the only notice ever taken of us was that at times Lady Estmere sent a box of old clothes. True, we had this lovely world of nature, and these beautiful ruins, but one wants more in life than the sight of green trees and ivyclad ruins." She spoke with haste and passion. He followed every word with attention. "During all these nine years," she continued, "my mother was slowly dying-I can see it now. She bad great hopes when she came to England, She thought the Estmere family would open their arms to receive her. Perhaps she had dreamed of o bright life here in merry England ; but in the old keep there she pined, and sickened, and died. She died in that room where the passion-flowers grow round the window. I am glad-1 thank Heaven that I can speak of it without tears. Some day I shall tell these rich, greedy Estmeres all I think of them; it will not do to cry then." " Yours is a sad story," he said, gently, " although you bave a bright face. Is it possible that you have been here alone ever since your mother died ?" "Yes," she replied, and then he s»w the unoasi ness in the blue eyes. I ivas five years old when my mother brought me to this inhospitable land. We lived in the old keep nine years. When my mother died I was fourtee». I have been here ever since. "I should have died of my own loneliness," she continued, " but that my mother had spent those nine years in teaching me. She taught me French we spoke French more than English-she taught me singing and drawing. When she died," con- tinued the girl, abruptly, " Lady Estmere sent me a black dress, a box of books, and a letter advising me ts spend my time in study, and she would see, ia the course of time, what was to be done with me. That time has never arrived and never will. I envy even the little birds and the rooke ; they have a home nest and I have none." ( To le continued )_ 