A TRUE GHOST STORY. (By our own Sightseer.] Shortly after returning home from my first voyage to sea—that is about teu years ago—I was invited by a well-to-do aunt, •whose only encumbrances in the world .were a pretty daughter about my own age and a big cat, to Bpend theChjistmas with her at an old .Manor House she had recently rented on the southern coast. I willingly accepted the invitation, and a week before Christmas I was formally installed in the beat spare room, which, to my intense delight, commanded a splendid view of the sea. Adjoining my room, which was on the second floor, was another one equally spacious, in which my aunt slept, whilei communicating with the same was a much smaller one, the holy of holies of my pretty .cousin. A wild and old-fashiqned staircase led down to the first floor, on which were a drawing-room, dining-room, and ~ sitting ~ or Bmokingroom, all of which were fitted np with handsome old oak furniture, while the gronnd-floor was used as a kitchen, and contained a snng little retreat for the housekeeper and her husband, an apparently very rtligiouB couple, between 30 and 40 years of age. The Manor House, which had a very picturesque appearance, was surmounted by a tower, containing three rooms, one over the other, reached from the'second floor-by a narrow staircase, but which Was said never to have been visited since the death of the landlord a score of years ago. Hy aunt was delighted with the mansion, which just suited her taste, and told me in confidence that she had rented it for a mere Bong on account of a report that it was haunted. " But," said my aunt, who was a strong-minded woman, with beautiful silver hair, and much ' given to writing poetry, "you know there are no such thines as ghosts, and if simpleminded people will, believe in them we may as v well take advantage .of their folly. Be- ' Bides," she added, V the housekeeper, who has lived here all her life, has never seen a ghost, and Bays that an open Bible, a Companion to Watt's Hymns, and Short Headings - for the Sick and Aged, which form the oniy library of herself and husband, are enough to scare away all the ghoetB in creation. As for my pretty cousin and, myself I need hardly say we were enchanted with the idea of living in a haunted house. 1 have already mentioned that my aunt had a big $at, of which, indeed, she was - so fond—an attachment, I may add, that was fully reciprocated—that I firmly believe if it had died ' shfe "WOnld ha ve mourned its loss almost as much : If it had . been that of her only child, of. whom also she was extremely land. Having * natural liking for cats myself, I soon took to "Uig Tabby, 1 ' as we used to. call her, , and inorder tt> testify Its affection for us both, iiosed to wecfc first in one room a&d; then 'in the otherjshowiug thus a kind at divided allegiance.' - Its only fault— if fault it were—beemed to be an extreme antipathy to cats, especially black ones, of . its own size. This peculiarity Showed itself immediately on arrival at the Manor House by atr^endonsfightwith a still larger cat ovaiiilby Jke housekeeper, ana thebattle which ensued between them would assuredly have resulted in. the 'jdeath of one or other of the combatants had iheynot been fptpibly separa£ed,'the housekeeper testifying, if thirt-were-possible, e*ea-*aere solicitude for " Black .Goigoo, as it .was called, than did my aunt for " Big Tabby." Notwithstanding its name, "Black Gorgon" was "not entirely black, its belly -and paws being ad white as milk; but it had a strange word appearance, its grpat grey eyes gleaming in the dark with a half-intelligent, half-ferocious look, as if, gorgon-like, they would turn the object of thfcir hate to stone. Somehow or other I didn't take to this cat, whichxeminded me forcibly of the black cat of Defoe, that myBteriouB animal round whose neck its guilty master saw day by day, and with everincreasing honor, grow first a circle of white and then the figure of a halter, and which, bricked np in' a wall along- with his murdered wife, revealed the Becret of his master's crime by his. unearthly cries. However, my aunt at once gave orders that the two cats should nev^r zaeot again, and the housekeeper took precautions accordingly. On Christmas Day-my aunt determined to give a grand party, and issued invitations to all the'big now- in the neighbourhood whose acquaintance she had made. Christmas Eve accordingly was i jdav of bustle and preparation from which I Bought to escape as 1 well-as"! could. : In" the morning I had an insurmountable desire to examine the tower above my room, of which mention has already been made. The staircase leading np to the first room above -was so dark 1 could see nothing and farther progress was barred by a locked door.- I went , down to the housekeeper's room to ask for the keys, but the housekeeper was bo busy upstairs preparing for.the expected party that she did not hear me call. However, I saw her.bonchof keys , lying-on the table and with these 1 made of£ Of this I was rather glad, as I did not feel ; at all suTe that. the housekeeper would have given the keys np, and my curioaity td inspect the tower was increasing every minute. Having secured the keys I rushed upstairs and commenced operations. Unlocking the first door I lifted the heavy latch, which was similar to the one attached [to the 'Outside, both of my own and my aunt's door, and pulling it-towards me, for it swung from above with a creaking sound, I went upstairs. \- Another-door unlocked-and opened aa before showed me an empty room, with one narrow window, looking seawards, above which were -two other rooms equally deserted and equally, dark. Having thus satisfied my curiosity, although'to tell the truth I was rather disappointed at finding so little, I went back, carefully locking-the doors on my way, anddepdsitedthekeyswherelhadfouna them without the "hoiuiekeeper apparently .having noticed. Hie loss.! After dinner, ana notwithstanding the state, of the weather, which was very squally and extremely cold, I dropped- into the Sailor's Arms, a little public-house some two miles off, where I had caught a glimpse of a. very pretty girl a day or two before, whom the landlady, her mother, caUed Nancy. On seeing me enter, and noticing 1 was wet, Nancy, who was serving beer, to some watermen at the bar, opened the doer of the bar parlour and asked me to step jn and-dry- myself, an-invitation, . you may be sure, which I was nothing loth to accept. Nancy, who looked about -17, had a wealth of light-brown hair coiled about, her prettily, shaped head, a. pair of lustrous, sympathetic eyesja pleasant, intelligent faoe, and, what is still more uncommon among my countrywomen, a det^fltdiy good,, figure. I soon engaged her in conversation) during the course of which I told her. I • was. spending Christmas at the Manor House. ; \- *' What!" _jsbe exclaimed' "With astonishment, "yon are Btaving at that ill-fated house ! Then you will snrely rue it. No one ever put foot inside that house without regretting the day." - " Do yon, too, believe in ghosts ?" I said. "'Tell me, that is if yon know, what is the Kfcorv attached to the Manor House." ' "X know as much About 1 it,"-Teplied Nancy, " as I suppose any one who never lived in it ever will know ; but mark my words, before to-night is over you will know more about it than L" " Oh ! that is nonsense," I stud. " I have been there already nearly a month, and a more delightful time X never spent." . " That is very possible/' said Nancy," but no one has ^ver spent d second Christmas Eve in theManor Honse for twenty years." " Why, how jc&d; you know that?'' I said. "Yon surely are not twenty years of age yourself?" "You are right," Baid Nancy, "bat my mother, whom you saw last time you were here, has' told me about it many a time. She ins gone out to make some preparations \- to eelebrate the anniversary of her wedding, which took place twenty years ago to-morrow. On that very day—and my mother has often read me the account of the inquest—the owner the Manor House, a man about 40 years of age, was found dead in his bed with his brains blown out.by a revolver. _ A note was on the table stating that on Christmas Eve two years previously he had murdered a girl after having kept her locked up in the tower for a long time, ana that the body would be found in the garden. The note added that fall particulars of' the crime would be found among his papers. It was then remembered that the wretched man's wife had also died in a very mysterious manner on that very same night in the previous year. A search was made in the garden as directed, and the body of a female was found buried under a slab, where it still remains; but although all the drawers and wardrobe were ransacked no papers bearing on the crime were found. For a long time the old house remained empty, and'on the only three occasions-on which it has been let since then," said Nancy in.an earnest tone, " the occupants left on Christmas Day." " All that may be true," I said, " and it is at the very least highly romantic, but still I tee no reaBon why, even if there be any chests, they Bhould haunt me." Jv accy turned upon me a pair of eyes beaming with sympathy, and entreatel me to stay till her mother letuinea, which would not be k ng. "there was a spare room in the house Mhich -was at my service, and anything, she si id, w c uld be bett er than spendins Chris tuias Eve'in the old Manor House. Much as a iiked Nancy's company, and willing as I might have been to accept so kind an invitation, Btill it was of course out of the question. I accordingly thanked my pretty entertainer for her story, and promising to let her know if anything unusual occurred I left for the Manor House, my curiosity, I need hardly say, rouBed to the highest pitch by what I bad just heard. Saually as the weather had been wheu I started, it was now doubly so. The wind blew in hurricane gusts, whirlingmadly round the narrow streets, knocking over the chim- : ney-pots in its say and driving the enow and sleet inta my face and wetting me to the ; bone. The Bea, lashed by the wind, rushed wildly against the shore, sending its spray ; over the tops of the houses, and sullenly , retreating, dashed against the cliffs with an [ angry roar as it determined to annihilate I them where they stood. Two Ehips, lying j at anchor in the roads, had sent up signals of ; distress, and the lifeboat, which had cone to their assistance, had just returned. One of the ships, they said, had dragged its anchors and, driving against the other, had foundered with all hauds, while its equally unfortunate neighbour, in its endeavour to escape, had drifted on to the sands and was supposed to be lost. Arrived at the Manor House I found my aunt in a very uncomfortable state, all her acquaintances in the neighbourhood having written at the last moment to decline her invitation, some alleging one thing and some another in excuse. I then told her what I had heard, which naturally enough raised her curiosity, though it did not apDarently seen! to excite any alarm. About 10 o'clock we retired for the night, it being Big Tabby's turn to sleep in my room. The night was so dreadfully stormy that I was unable to sleep. I therefore lit a cigar and meditated on the extraordinary story I had heard. One thing in particular struck me—namely, that the details of the. crime were not known, the papers containing them never having been found. Impelled by my curiosity, I turned over the drawers of the'wardrobe and of the secretaire, not that I expected to find anything, but moved by a feeling which I could not resist. My search, as I expected, was .fruitless, there being nothing in the drawers besides my own apparel but copies of old newspapers, with which, as is customary, they were lined. At last my eyes rested on a sombre-looking chest at the foot of my bed, of which I had not taken any particular notice before. It was very large, of a dirty black colour, and, unlike the chest bf drawers, was locked, but my curiosity would not allow me to stop at trifles, and after -working at it a few minutes with a chisel I managed to break it open. The inside of the box, or rather chest, was in the greatest possible confusion, papers of every description, such as copies of old newspapers and musty-looking documents, as well as portions of women's clothing, being scattered about. I hastily put the clothing in a drawer in the wardrobe and proceeded to examine-the papers and documents. The latter comprised several copies of a will, presumably made by the late owner, and legal instruments of seemingly no particular value. The papers were principally looal ones, four of which, duplicated, were dated twenty yean ago, and contained a fall report of the inquest on Che body of the unfortunate suicide. In one of those I found the exact words of ^he note which the deceased had written on that fatal XJhristmas Eve. It was substantially the same as what Nancy had -told.me,- but the .part referring to the lost papers arrested my attention. "A full and complete confession of my -crime and of its-terrible consequences will-be found among my papers in the s . . . ." What followed, said the witness who produced the note' at the inqnest, had teen oblitiSratioby a spark from the revolver fallings on^the paper-and destroying the edge. He presumed, however, that the word secretaire was meant, but although thia had been thoroughly searched no papers of any kind relating to the crime had been found. The other newspapers in the chest were of a much' more recent date, and contained advertisements of the letting of the Manor House from time to -time, ana also scattered paragraphs relating to^it, among them bang several accounts of the hasty departure of its occupants, all snch .paragraphs being invariably dated ehortly after Christinas Eve. . The chest was now apparently empty, the clothes and the newspapers and the legal documents-being all stowed away separately in 4he wardrore. -'Having done this, I lit anothtr cigar, my first having gone out during the* process of examination, and fell into a brown study. That.* confession, and that an intensely interesting one, had really been writtep. I had no manner of doubt, and that it had never been found seemed equally clear. Although twenty years seemed rather a long time to have elapsed, yet the Manor Honse had been almost wholly deserted since -then. The search at the time appeared to have been rather hastily conducted, and it was not altogether improbable, I thought, that the-papers might even yet foe found. - The ,qnly question was where to look. He letter S in the note written by the deceased had been taken to mean the secretaire ; but might it not mean something else? Anyway it was a secret which was well' worth discovering, and I was determined, if possible, to find it out. At this moment "Big Tabby," who had been curled np asleep on my bed, woke up and came purring to my side. Seeing the open chest she jumped in and curled herself up again as if for a sleep. I could not divest myself of the idea that this chest had something to -do with the secret. It looked so mysterious, standing there so solemnly at the foot of the bed, that I determined to have one more look. Palling out the cat, who had seemingly ensconced herself in it for the night, I proceeded to examine the chest with the minuteBt care. At this moment the moon, which had hitherto been hidden by the storm - clouds, burst out for a moment, and looking in through the window Beemed to peer right into the chest, which Bhe lit up with a weird light. The illumination was but for a moment, the storm- cloud again hiding her face, but as she withdrew her light she shone right through a tinv crevice at the bottom of the chest and revealed, what no one seemed to have known before—a false bottom. The letters then must have referred to the secret drawer in this chest. Elated with the idea of soon, discovering the object of my search I robed the bottom of the chest with my £ands, but not the least sign of an opening was to be found, and to all appearances it was as innocent a box as ever was made. But 1 was not to be baulked by appearances, and after several minutes' hard work 1 managed to turn the chest, which was very heavy, on its side. The outside, however, bore as little evidence as the inside of the false bottom, which £ was firmly convinced it had, and which indeed only the glance of the moon had revealed. The inside seemed to be on a perfect level with the outside,,and if there were a secret diawer it must be exceedingly BmalL The only way to get at it was evidently to break in the bottom, and this, after ten minutes' hard work, 1 managed to do, when sure enough a lot of pai ers fell upon the floor. I cannot describe my sensations on coming for the first time, alter so many years, on these confessions -of what turned out to be one of the most diabolical of crimes. The ink wit£ which they were written was disculoured by age, although not BO mush as they would have been in a less seenre holdingplace. _ the first two or three pages were almost illegible, seemingly from the effects of fire, and they had evidently all been written in extreme haste, as if the soul of the unhappy man had been wrung bv the horrors he was conjuring up. I smoothed down the papers, ana essayed several times to read, but at first was unable to do so. The wind had been increasing during the night and it was BOW blowing a furious gale, which shrieked and howled round the old mansion like disembodied spirits chasing each other with fearful glee through the halls of the lost. The rain beat pitilessly upon the window-panes and ran in an unceasing stream from the roof. The sea, rendered furious by the storm, had overflowed, and each successive wave seemed as if it would sweep us from the land. The clock upon the stairs struck 12, and unable any lonerer to restrain my curiosity I turned once more to the manuscript, and read as follows:— " CONCESSIONS OF A MURDERER. "Christmas Eve, 1850.—Again this fatal Christmas Eve, the anniversary of my crime! Heavens, how my blood courses through my veins at the thought! My brow is hot as fire, big dropB stand upon my forehead, my pulse is feverish, and a horrid fear, impossible to shake off, seizes upon my very vitals. The cloister-bell tolls out the midnight hour, perhaps the last I shall ever hear, for if IT comes again—IT ! IT !—with its slow step down the cold dark stairs, and wringing its hands at me as it did on that dreadful night. . . . Ah ! why did I not have pity ? How could I have done such a frightful deed! Never, no. not for one minute since that fatal night have I had rest: never has the vision ceased to haunt me by day or night. There it ever stands, wringing its thin and shrivelled hands, as if imploring for a mercy it was never to obtain. Oh heavens! the thought is agony. Only tw o short years ago! It seems an age, and not the great God himself can wipe out from the record that hideous crin.e. Would that He could ! She deserved not such an awful fate. Ah ! I remember her young and beautiful, with hair as black as it was luxuriant, and eyes that were all tenderness and love, and now—Great Heavens ! the bight she implored for mercy, I with outstietched arms and eyes thit glowed : with a maniac's fite, for 1 had treated her eo : vilely that the gentle light from those eyes had tied for many a year. And yet wheu I 1 Diet her first as she tripped along so haupy by herself, so unconscious of all ill, how beautiful she locked! Good God! Would that we had never met! Would that these eyes had lost their lustre ere they had seen such an angel but to destroy. But repentance is too late. It cannot alter the irrevocable. She left her home for love of me, and we lived a happy life-for years. But there IT is again, w ith outstretched arms and threatening glance. . . . I tell you I cannot help it now. The deed is done. Leave me in peace. . . . But no, it is only my fancy. Yet to-night, the anniversary of my crime, if IT some tonight, as it did last Christmas iiive, I will live no longer; I will—well, let IT come, 1 care not; 1 cannot hurt her more. How it is that love can change to hate I cannot tell, bat so it was with mine ; and when she begged me and implored me on her bended knees to make my promise good and right her before the world's censorious eye, I had already ceased to love. And then commenced a fatal time for her, for night after sight I used to beat and finally to starve her, and then I bound her in a room, the topmost room of all, all by herself, and gave her bread and milk, and oiten bread alone. And then—but why recount the story ? I loved again ; or was it ber gold' that tempted me to wed? And on that fatal Christmas Eve, the night before my wedding day, she whom I had so foully wronged heard—how I cannot tell—that I was about to wed another, and forcing all the doors came do wn and appeared at the foot of my bed. I think I hear her step again, slowly descending from the topmoBt room, lifting the latches and swinging the doors in front, and then with outstretched arms and those maniac eyes she implored me—standing there at the foot of my bed—to pity and forbear. Why did the demon tempt me to the crime ? With one fell spring I rushed at her, and with an awful cry she fled from the room, and back to her own den she ran, with me, like the Fiend of Vengeance, at her heels ! From her own room downstairs again till in the adjoining room with awful shrieks the while the crime was done. I buried her. From that day to this I have never had one moment's peace. As the cloister bell tollB out the hour of 3, on the anniversary of my crime, her shadow visits me. I hear the latches lift, and the doors swing on their hinges, hard with rust, and then the chase begins again, and amid awful shrieks I seem to murder her! If revenge is all she seeks God knowB she has been revenged. The first anniversary of that dreadful night my second wile died in her bed—the doctors said of heart disease. But I know better. She had Been and beard the ghost, but never lived to tell the tale. Christmas Eve has come again, and if IT comes to-night—IT, IT, the horrible phantom which tortures my life into a dailydeath—IT may claim me for ITS own, for I will live no more. Death can come but once, and I will summon the Angel of the Last Trump to my aid this very night." For some time after reading this harrowing confession I was nnable to lift my eyes from the tear-stained page. Pity for the fate of the unhappy lady whose love' had been so wofully abused was the uppermost feeling in my breast. One thing struck me in particular, namely, that the description of the midnight chase exactly tallied with the construction of the doors leading from the tower, all of which, as I had noticed during my stolen visit in the morning, as sIbo my own and my aunt's door, were fitted with heavy latches and swung in the same direction. 1 had carefully locked them all at the conclusion of my inspection that morning, and they were presumably locked now, but tbe staircase was so horribly dark that I did not vebture it was, immediately woke her, and hearing my vcioe she bade me come in. 1 e n tola her that 1 had discovered the drea^fa s cret, that 1 had found the papers in a Ui i -^rin the old chest, and that 1 could u -t ;•_-.- at tapping at her door to Bee if the * -re a - aii " I am almost as curious as yourself," she said, "and for fear of waking Nellie, who was fast asleep in the inner room, yon shall Bit on the old chest and read me the story a'oud." This I accordingly proceeded to do, and my aunt soon knew as much about the affair as I did myself. My aunt—whose kind, pleasant voice and silvery hair I remember now, and shall never forget—-was naturally very much moved by what she -heard, although she would not let me see that she felt any alarm. The man, she said, must evidently have been haunted by his own conscience, and met a dreadful though a fitting end. The crime seems to have been committed not' on Christmas Eve, but at 3 o'clock in the morning of Christmas Day, a very unusual time for a ghost to walk about. After advising me to put the papers and the clothes back in the box,' and to replace it in its former position and go to sleep, my aunt left the room, giving me a kiss—the last one, thongh I little thought it, which the dear soul was to give me on earth—before she went. I obeyed her directions, replaced everything, so far as I could, in its former position, got into bed, and, tared out with the excitement of the day, was soon fast asleep. When tbe bodily frame is thoroughly exhausted—and mine certainly was on that never- to-be-forgotten night—sleep is generally so profound that in one hour aa much rest is obtained as on ordinary occasions would scarcely be obtained in half a dozen. When the bell from the neighbouring monastery tolled out, with slow and solemn Bounds, the hour of 3, I accordingly woke, and felt as if I had already sleDt an age. At first my scattered senses vainly endeavoured to recall what had occurred. I heard, however, a slow tread on the stairs above, and then the latch lifted, the topmost door swinging on its hinge, and the step descended with measured tread to the door beneath. At once I remembered all, but for a moment imagined it must be my aunt, who, impelled by her curiosity, was examining the place herself. But the thought that the doors were locked and tbe keys safely lodged with the housekeeper dispelled this idea almost as soon as entertained. In the meantime the step was still descending, and in a moment would be at my door. The gale was still furiously raging outside, and the noise of the elements alone was almost enough to distract tbe boldest. I buried my head in the clothes in a fright as I heard the step approach the threshold, the lifting of the latch, and the swinging in of my bedroom door. For one second I looked, and there at the foot of my bed stood a form looking exactly as described by the blood-hannted murderer, a single ray from the moon shedding a pale but distinct light upon the thin outstretched bands, shaking visibly as if imploring for the mercy that was never granted, and upon the long garment of white. The sight would have unnerved a stronger man than I, and for a moment I lay almost senseless on the bed. Then occurred the most horrible sounds I bad ever heard. First the room was filled with unearthly noises, as of disembodied spirits writhing in agony and pain ; then followed a rash as of two np the narrow stairs, at return down the narrow staircase (this time the steps of two being plainly apparent); then the lifting of my aunt% latch, the swinging of the door, and finally two piercing human shriekB, when all was silent as before. What followed then I cannot tell, for I fell unconscious on the bed, and for three long days and nights they said I could not speak and hardly seemed to breathe. When I regained consciousness I found myself in my own bed, for away from the seashore, and in my old home. Wonderingly I enquired how I came there,- and noticed then that all were dressed in black. Four nights ago, on Christmas Eve, they said—at the mention of that fatal date I remembered all—the secret drawer, the confessions of the awful crime, the mystery of the stairs, and the unearthly sounds and shrieks. " Where is my aunt?" I asked, with bated breath, as the thought flashed upon me that it was in her room coat the dreadful Bounds had ceased. My aunt," they replied, "was dead of heart disease." On hearing the frightful shrieks they sought her room, and found her with her face upturned, as rigid as a corpse, and her favourite cat beside her, both dead. The Manor House was left a& once, the body being conveyed to the family vault for burial, and I being taken home The Manor House was thus again to let. THE EPILOGUE. Ten years afterwards, one Christmas eve, I happened to be passing by the same old spot, and my curiosity naturally incited me to visit the Manor House. Not a vestige of it, however, was to be seen; only a blank spacer burned as by fire. 1 stood looking at it for some time in astonishment, till the occupant of a cottage close by, observing my curiosity, informed me that nine years ago that very night the house had been found in flames ana burned to the ground, and that as no one would ever buy the ground, which was considered unholy, it remained an open waste. T next went to the little public-house in town, thinking perhaps I might catch a glance of Nancy; but Nancy and her mother had long since left, and in their stead was a face I remembered well, though ten years of trouble had so changed mine that she did not recognise me, and I took care not to tell who I was. It was the Xjious old housekeeper at the Manor House. 1 sat again in the armchair in the cozy little I arlour, and called for grog as of yore. The night was wet and cold, the wind wss blowing in strong though fitful gusts, and I could almost fancy it was the same evening so many 1 tare ago. Just before 10 o'clock, when the house was being closed, I heard a singular noire on the stairs, which recalled once more •b ith start ing vividness that dreadful night. A. hit.li v as lifted, an upper door swung on its hiLne, and a slow step descended. It approached the very door beside which I was fitt i g ; that, too, swung on its hinge, and Mack Uorgon. the same ureat cat as of old, bounded into the rc,om, hinging on.to the latch, which it had been cleverly taught to 'open of itself, and stood before -me on its hind legs, and, dog-like, shook its white paws as if begf-ing for bread. I regarded the landlady in astonishment. "You may well be surprised," said that apparently pious wretch. " I taught it that trick when it was a kitten, and if it could speak it could tell many a strange tale. Ten years ago this very night" I waited to hear no more, but rushed out into the darkness and the rain. The mystery was explained. The ghost which had killed my sainted aunt and nearly frightened the lite out of me was this ^wretched cat taught, by this woman, and the unearthly noises -in my roem - and the scampering up and down stairs as of two was the fight between the Gorgcn and the tab. The human shrieks, alas ! had been my aunt's. 