France is beginning to wake upon the Australian annexation question, and is already in a state of considerable agi tation at the audacity displayed by the people of these colqnies in seeking the acquisition of fpesh territory. The line of argument adopted is what is known as the reductio ad absurdum ; and well- feigned wonder, with just sufficient dash to give the discussion the semblance of considerable . earnestness, is expressed that a people like the Australians, with large territory of their own, should seek to extend their acquisitions in the south ern Pacific. It is' beneficial rather than otherwise to be made practically ac quainted with the views of other nations on the subject, aud to look at matters from their visual standpoint. And, although we may be unable to sympa thise with the views they express, or to enter into their feelings on the subject, on account of the direct conflict of in terests involved, still we naay gather much information, and perhaps learn some useful lessons to guide our future conduct. It may be' assumed, we think, that the gallant and impulsive Gaul, as a people, are hardly likely to view an extension of the Australian Dominion in the Southern Pacific with feelings of un ruffled complacency. An enlargement of British territory and influence in the Southern Seas is evidently regarded, as tantamount,. if not to an entire estoppel, then as equivalent to a diminution of French power and French influence in the same quarter. Thus we have the key to the whole question, and can ac cordingly appreciate the motives under lying the, imputations of greed levelled against us. Plainly speaking, the Aus tralians are charged with " greed and covetousness" in seeking the addition of New Guinea and the Pacific Islands, while, as a matter of course, the French newspapers are careful to leaye unsaid anything about the encroachments of France in Algeria, Tahiti, Madagascar, or Tonquin. What is sauce for the French goose is evidently not sauce for the English gander, No doubt the ac quisition of new territory by the French iii these places was characterised by mo tives quite philanthropic, exactly the reverse of '' greed and covetousness !" French.colonisation fias already proved so great a blessing to the natives of the countries they have annexed that there is some show of reason for their conduct on philanthropic grounds alone ! The truth we suspect is that the firm attitude taken by the Australian Colonies against the wholesale exportation of criminals from France to Australasia has dis turbed the bile of the Gallic natiou ; for, although the French, it may be assumed, were equally as well, or nearly as well, acquainted a couple of years ago with the expansive character of Australian policy as they are now, not a finger was lifted against it, except by a mutual treaty that cuts both ways. The impu tation of Agreed and covetousness" comes, indeed, with a very bad grace from a people who have furnished us With so mauy excellent examples during tho lftst few years. Had the Australians never protested against the inundation of the Pacific Islands with criminals, it Is exceedingly questionable indeed whether they would have heard any thing at- all about opposition to their schemes of annexation. The truth is the Australians are perfectly satisfied with the extent of territory they already possess, but they nevertheless strongly object to its conversion into a quasi- criminal settlement. To the sneer that Australia has but recently emerged from a partial state of convictism herself— from being the receptacle for convicts from Great Britian— it may be sufficient to own frankly that the policy was a mistaken one, and that the people of Australia have long since taken upon themselves to prevent the perpetuation of so grave an error. They' had nq hand in the transportation of criminals to these shores ; and it is quite possible that British statesmen at home, in sanc tioning such a policy, had no idea at the time that these colonies, then a terra incognita , would so soqn develop into the nucleus of a strong and powerful nation. It is not a little amusing to find that our French critics rather applaud than condemn the weak and inert policy of Lord Derby. The truth is we are com ing to be regarded as a ' terrible in fant," bqth by the French and the more timorous of English statesmen; but we fear that our desire to remain free and unpolluted by the extraneous taint of convictism from outside sources is not appreciated or is purposely ignored from motives of purely selfish expe diency. To Australasia the issues in volved are trul' momentous, and to its people the determination of these issues are as a question of life and death. We ask for a fair start in life. We object to become the next doqr neighbours, uuder any pretext whatever, of a dangerous class inured in crime, or to be polluted with the filth of overgrown cities ; we object to the contaminating influences of penal settlements, not merely of na tions that are alien to us, but of those of our own kith and kin. We ask fov purity of life and freedom of action ; and. convinced that our cause is patriotic, no Die, ana riguteous, we are prepared to resist any violation of the rule we have laid down, after reasonable expos tulation and reasonable argument, to the bitter end. It would be an evil day for Australia as well as for England if the settlement of the vexed question should be allowed to develop into a casus, belli, because our interests are great aud identical, and because motives qf fellow ship and brotherhood prompt us at pre sent to remain an integral portion of Great Britain, fi'om which we spring, qnd to which we are proud to belong. But it is easy to perceive how much irrepar able mischief may be dons at the pre sent critical juncture by an indetprmi- nate, vacillating policy on the part of the mother country. It is fervently to be hoped that a full ventilation of the question iu Europe will convince our opponents of the justice of our cause ; and with regard to the proposal to an nex New Guinoa, that question may be disposed of with perfect' fairness by the application of the rule of first come first served. It has been long enough lyiug idle and unproductive, and geographi cally speaking, belongs to Australasia. If, therefore, we turn its fertility to ac count aud thereby enrich the earthj the go.ocl done will not alone remain with us, but will extend its influence to other nations lacking in the essentials of the robust maintenance qf physical life. It may he as well to intimate, in anticipa tion of possible enquiry nd conjecture, thaf we have purposely deviated somewhat from tlie plan originally adopted with regard to the publication in the Avoca Mail of a Series of descriptive mining sketches of the Avoca and tlie Homebush portions of the district, the first of which series was pub lished two or three weeks ago. The work of collating thp scattered facts, and of moulding them into a homogeneous whole, is rather more tedious than we had, \rith the limited time at our disposal, anticipated, living sources of information being almost entirely wanting. The work, hovveverl is in progress, aud will be presented in a com pleter form as soon as occasion will permit. We learn with some surprise and no little regret that Mr. "William Wood, the well-known engineer, has severed his con nection with the Avoca Shire Council, and that, practically speaking, he is no longer an officer of that body. The announcement was made iu the telegraphic columns of the Argus on Tuesday that Mr. Wood had re ceived the appointment of Town Clerk and Surveyor to the Eaglehawk Borough Coun cil, and this was the first intimation that we received of the actual severance of Mr. Wood's connection from our shire. Mr. Wood has held the post of Secretary and Engineer to the Avoca Shire for a period of four year, during which his skill and ability as a thoroughly qualified engineer have been abundantly manifested. Under ordinary circumstances it must always be a matter of regret to lose the services of a thoroughly competent and reliable officer, for the reason that as the Shire is a large one, it means a derangement qf the course of business, a profitless loss of time, and an inconvenience to the ratepayers that practically amounts to a public grievance. Although we never anticipated for a mo ment that Mr. Wood would consent to re main here with a reduced salary, brought about by a mistaken policy of retrench ment, which was false economy, because in a decidedly wropg direction, and was, as we believe, effected in a spirit of unfairness, still we are free to confess to having been somewhat taken aback at the suddeuness of his departure from amongst us. The mean, cheese-paiing policy adopted involved a re- Himfirm -Frnm f-n in \T r \4UWbiVU WW <u out II WWU 4 salary, For this comparatively paltry amount the shire loses the services of a thoroughly experienced aDd capable officer, and the business of the ratepayer? is to be delayed and thrown into a state of temporary confusion. However, takiug things as we find them, we can only express the sincerest regret that Mr Wood, in view of his own interests, has felt it incumbent upon him to leave us, while we can heartily congratulate the Eaglehawk Borough Couucil upon having secured the services of a really capable officer, and one whom, in his private as well as his public capacity, that body will be able to appreciate as a gentleman, warm-hearted and generous. We can now only express the hope that Mr "VYood, in his new sphere of duty, will find a more congenial Council to deal with. Wednesday last was the hottest day in the sun experienced during the present sum mer. According to Mr Chellew's thermo meter, the heat registered 130 degrees in the sun and 94 degrees in the shade. The close season for hares terminates on Friday next, February 29, The extreme heat of the week has, at length, given place to a violent change, and although the hot weather has not been suc ceeded by extreme cold, a refreshing and welcome change occurred in the conditions of the atmosphere this morning, when at an early hour rain fell anfi continued at fitful intervals. The change will be welcome, as water for domestic purposes was becoming unpleasantly scarce in several parts of the district not intersected by the rivpr. Some excitement wag created between 7 and 8 o'clock last night by a report, which spread with great rapidity, that the Avoca Flour Mills, in the occupation of Messrs Green Bros., were on fire. As a conse quence, a good many people found their way to the building, when it was discovered that the rumour, although having a slight foundation, had been greatly exaggerated. The incautious use of a candle, it js said, caused some of the cobwebs to become ignited, and a considerable flame was the result. Assistance was speedily gt hand, and the fire was extinguished almost as soon ag it occurred. The elections in connection ivd-h the Maryborough Mining Board will take place tomiorrow, the principal polling place being the local Court House for the Avoca Division. The candidates are Messrs Britten, Hall, and Middleton. Tlie polling will commence at 9 a.m., and close at 5 p.m. Particular attention is directed to the fact that the sale previously announced to take place at Webster's Hotel, Elmhurst, on Wednesday. February 27, has been post poned to a future date. A special week of mission work or evangelistic services here is announced in another column as abqut to be inau gurated in Avoca. The Rev. Jqhn McNeil, who is known as an evangelist of earnest ability, will, assisted by the Revs. W. Gray, J. A. Ball, and D. S. Lind say, inaugurate and coqduct a series of re ligious services which are designed to be a? far-reaching as possible. As t Ley are to be purely unsectarian, both in tone and charac ter, no doubt they will be largely attended by the different sections of the community. Punch this week is very sarcastic on the conductors of the Gippslqnd line as to the time taken in the performance of the jour ney. Sale is distant from Melbourne 127 miles ; the time taken to accomplish that distance is only Gj- hours — the best part of a day. A geutleman staptiug on the jour ney with a young son is represented as being grey-headed pn arrival at his. destina tion, while his sou has quite outgrown the dimensions of his wearing apparel. With the Illustrated Australian JS aes for February, which is an exceedingly attractive uumber, abounding with interest ing and well-executed cuts, there is a two- paged engraving of the new law courts in Melbourne, together with sectioual views of the interior. The engraving is. a work of art and it will be difficult to beat it. There are also several splendid views of New Zealand scenery, a portrait of the late Mr J. G. Francis, and several minor pictorial representations of an interesting character. The Local Option Leasjue, Sydney, some time back wrote tp the Mayor of Pullman, in the United States, understanding that it was a town withqut any public-houses, in quiring what were the results. A reply was received by the last San Francisco mail, signed by Mr E. W. Henricks, the chief clerk, in which he says the town is situated about ten miles from Chicago, and closely connected with the city of Hyde Park. The questions asked and thg answers returned are as follow Iu what year was the City of Pullman founded? Answer: May 27, 1SS0 ; That is its present popu lation ? Answer : 7,500 ; How many churches does it contain ? Answer : Five have organisation? here ; How many schools also, and teachers employed? Answer; Twq school buildings and 13 public school teachers; How many lockups or gaols? Answer; None; Number of magistrates, with amount of salaries ? Answer: None ; Number of police and their cost? Answer: Qne, at £12 a month ; What is the annual amount spent in relief of the poor? Answer: Nothing; Can you furnish us with your statistics of crime ? Answer ; We have no crime ; Have you auy asylums, such qs those for lunatics, orphans, paupprs, &p.; ? Answer : None ; Is the traffic in strong driuk prohibited ? Answer: Sale of malt, vinous, and spiritu ous liquors forbidden; D,o, you attribute to the absence of the facilities of getting any, the improved state of morals as com pared with other cities jn your State ? Answer: We certainly do, as one im portant aid in this direction. It is stated that the Post Office authori ties have made overtures to the proprietor of the Post Office Hotel, at the corner of Little BPurhe-stre.e; and Elizabpth- street, with a view of leasing the hotel for the use, of the Post Office Savings Bank for a num ber of years ; but iu consequence of the high price asked by the proprietor the mat ter is likely to fall through. The hotel in question is in the occupation of Mr J. W. Kirk, formerly of Carisbrook and Mary borough, and well known in Avoca. Mr Joseph Bale announces by advertise ment in another column the fact that he has withdraw his candidature in connection with the representation of the Avoca divi- sion at the Marybororrgh Mining Board. He has retired iu favour of Mr C. Middle- ton, in whose behalf he solicits the support of the miners. All the miners at the late Duke inquest are to be paid for their day's attendance by the Government, but the business meu will not be paid. Mr Tenny?on's ancestry, it is said, can be traced backward through a line of no less than a bakpr's doen of Iffigli?k and Scottish kings. Mr Deakin is accumulating Ministerial portfolios in such a way that he promises soon tp become the whole Cabinpt in him self. Mr Gillies, Minister of Railways, and Mr Kerferd, Attorney-General, having on Wednesday left the colony on a short visit to New Zealand, it was arranged at a meeting of the Cabinet on Thursday that the duties of both departments should, dur ing the absence of their proper heads, be performed by Mr Deakin, who now holds no fewer than six important positions, namely, Minister of Public Works, Solicitor- General, Minister of Water Supply, At torney-General, Minister of Railways and Vice-President of the Board of Land and VY orks- On Thursday at the Ballarat Convent, at 11.30 a.m., phree young ladies went through the ceremony of taking the veil. The new nuns are : — 1st, Miss Mooney (whose reli gious name is Sister Gertrude), daughter of Mr Francis Mooney, of Hawthorn, 2nd, Miss Doherty, (Sister PhillomQna), daugh ter of Mr Doherty, Yambuk, 3rd, Miss Dowden, (Sister Agnes), daughter of the late Mr Dowden, of Drummond-street, Carlton, Melbpurne. Ic is announced thai a meeting of the three Emperors of Germany, Austria, and Russia will shortly be held. An English telegram states, with regard to the housing of the poor, a Royal Commis sion has been appointed, in accordance with Lord Salisbury's motion in the House of Lords, to inquire iuto the housing of the poor iu London and other large towns. Sir Charles Diike, the president of the Local Government Board, is the Chairman, and His Royal Highness the Priuceof Wales is one of the members of the commission. A pricket match between the Avoca State School boys and those of tlie Moonambel School will be played to-morrow at Moon ambel, The following team will represent Avoca : — C. Arkins (captain), A. Hammill, W. Smith, G. Fenton. 0. Green. E. Fogarty . E. Paten, J. Cracknel! J. O'Donnell, R. Powers, Q. Sparks, J. Whitley, J. Healy, and E.Kearney. A case of great interest to thp mining community was held at the Talbot Police Court yesterday, before Mr C. W. Carr, P.M., and Mr R. W. Wilkinson, J.P., in relation to the recent accident at the Union Tribute Company, Mount Greenock, and to the subject of the use of safety pages. Fritz Schulz was sqed by the Mines Department for not complying with rule 24 of the Regulations of Mines Statute requir ing him to use safety cages, and secondly, for not having spring catches in use below the poppet heads. S.phulz was fined £5 and £1 18? costs, or fourfeen days imprisonment on the first charge, and on the second £1, with similar costs,, or a fortnight's im prisonment. Sir W. J. Clarke will entertain one thou sand Masons in the Town Hall on the occa sion of his installation as District Grand Master of the Victorian Freemasons, on 2Gth March. Ex-alderman Barrell refused to drink the health of the Press last Friday after the election fof the Mayor of Petersham, as he attributes his defeat to the Press oppo sition he met with. It is said that Cincinnati spends more mouey for qmusements than any other city of its size in the world. But then the poor people who have to live in Cincinnati need ail the diversion they can possibly get. We learn that members of the Govern ment havo received a number of addresses from branches of the Australian Natives' Association in the country districts on the subject of the action taken in connection with federation and annexation, which have afforded them great satisfaction. It is noticeable that in all these cases the Asso ciations, while supporting" the project, invariably speak of themselves as natives of Australasia, not of any particular colony of it. The Salvation Army at Maryborough, having carried the outposts, are determined to carry the war into the town. The hall of the Commercial Hotel has been engaged for six months, and a powerful crusade is imminent. It is rumoured that 100 guineas is marked on the brief held by Mr. Purves (states a country journal) for the defence of Mr, E. D. Pitman, late post-office inspector, whose trial for indecent assault takes place at the present sittings of the Criminal Court. The Royal Mint, Melbourne, during the week ending February IS, 1SS4. received S002.0Soz. of gold. The value of gold coin and bullion issued was £3S,233 12s. fad. A youth, named Thomas Charles Absolom, attempted to commit suicide recenty by jumping off the Victoria Bridge. He Was rescued by a puntsman. Absolom, who bad only been in the colony a few weeks, was well dressed, and had money and jewellery on him. Four hundred and fifty people signed the pledge ai the Exhibition on Tuesday erening. If this goes on for a month or so the falling off in the Cusotms revenue on spirits and wines will cause Service and Co. to look round for something else to tax. Property and income taxes are the ghosts which are likely to haunt ministerial closets until they are laid. There is a comedian, late of the city, who has loved, not wisely, but too many of them. Indeed, he is apparently desirous (says the Melbourne correspondent of the Ararat Advertiser) of emulating the proverbial "Jack," who is alleged to have a sweet heart in eyery port. Now, although our. Thespian is known to have a wife and family in England, he has, nevertheless, an encumbrance in Sydney, another in Adelaide, and has now attached himself to a third in Melbourne for a roving tonr. Somehow the news of his faithfulness has reached both the sister colonies, so that his lot will be a hard one should his business necessi tate his visiting either place. A singularly appropirate tune was played at the Ballariit A?sizes during the progress of a charge of embezzlement against two Ger mans. A musical box produced in the case was in some qianner jerked, and to the as tonishment of all, a favourite musical gem, ending in the refrain, " Come gently o'er me stealing," was pounded out. The con sternation caused could not have, been equalled if a Germap band bad dropped from the clouds into thq court. Thomas Jones, an elderly man of stout build, who is undergoing a sentence at Pentridge of twelvemonth's, hard labour for an indecent offence, with qn additional punishment of 15 lashes received his punishment at the hands of "Ppohn, the public executioneer, on Vfednesday On entering the flagellating yard he looked pale, but walked to tlie triangle with an air of unconcern. After the first stroke he seemed I greatly relieved as if the punishment was notsogreatas he expected. Upjohn was! steadier than usual, and did not spread the strokes so much as he generally does. The St. James's Budget writes : — On Tuesday, 8th January, Prince Albert Victor of Wales entered upon his twenty-first year, so that it is possible that Parliament may before very long have to consider the ques tion of a separate establishment for his Royal Highness. In such a case the Legis- ! lature would be wholly unassisted by prece- j dents directly in poiut. Never yet in our ; history has the eldest son of a Prince of Wales come of age during his father's life time and before, his father's accession to the throne. Frederic, the son of George II, who went nearest to doing so, was twenty years and a few months old when, in 1727, the latter became king. It would, however, be misleading to compare the status of Prince Albert Victor with that of his an cestor, who never set foot in England till a year and a half after he had succeeded to the. position of heir apparent to the Crown. Prince Frederic, indeed, received the Garter in his tenth year and a peerage (with the title of the Duke of Edinburgh) in his twentieth ; but scarcely any other official cognisance was taken of hi? existence as an English prince. No eldest son of a Prince of Wales, being such, has married : and there is only one instance of a marriage being contracted by the daughter of a Prince of Wales. JMutatis mutandis, it is to be presumed mat the case of the Princess Charlotte would have most weight with Parliament in the event of its being applied to for a provision for Prince Albert Victor, It may be added that annuities have been granted more than once in the present reign to the children of a younger sou of an English Sovereign. In counection with a recent police court case, at Syduey. to which a well known legislator was defendant, the wife of the prosecutor was in the lobby of the New South Waies Assembly for over an hour on Wednesday night waitiug with a horse whip to chastise the member alluded to, who is her brother-in-law. She attempted' to force her way iuto the Huose, but Mr. Dibbs preventedr her. The object of her anger remained in the House. At last two of her husband's friends pursuaded her to go away. She is a highly cultivated lady, and seems to have been deeply moved by' the grossly insulting language said to have been applied to her hqsband by the legis lator in question. 