Pwallattfirus. .Sister Mary Fraud's Clare has received tl;e authorisation of his Holiness to found a new Order to he called the Sisters of Peace. The Mother House is to be at Nottingham, and the three special objects for which the Order is founded are—1st, the training of p-irls for domestic life ; ‘2nd, providing houses for factory <rirls ; and 3rd, tin: promotion and circulation of Catholic literature, A Bill has been introduced in the United States Senate directing that a reward of 100,000 dollars be offered for the discovery of the cause or yerrn of yellow fever and a means of prevent ing and curing it, or for some sure method of preventing the ravages of this terrible plague, even if the cause of it is not discovered. Philadelphia, Any. 1.—The troubles of the l iiion Baptist. Coloied Church culminated yesterday in a general fiy 111. while mornimr services were boiiur held. The fracas was opened by Brother Cardiner. president of the Board of Trustees, who struck Deacon Craiy a powerful blow in the face when he attempted to read the lesson. The entire e< my repeat ion became in volved in the row, and the police finally cleared f he buiMiny. Two striking conversions are reported in a Neapolitan journal // MttU'nu.. A cavalry captain, who was also at. instructor at the mili tary school in Modena, has renounced the prospect of a brilliant career in order to enter the seminary of Palermo ; and a gentleman holding a prominent social position has attached himself to the seminary in Piynerolo. Operations have been carried on very exten sively this season at. (he Bell Farm, in the Canadian Noth h-West, which is said to bit tin; largest farm in the world. Tlmuyh this is but the second year of cultivation, there are already S,()(><) acres under crop, f>,()()() to (i,0()0 of which is under wheat, and a portion of the remainder under flax. Last, year p),0()0 bushels were, exported from the farm, and the excellence, of the yrain secured for it a yood price in the market. The crop of this year is estimated to he forty per cent, better Fxperts from Montana who have recently visited this section of the Canadian North-West state that they never saw any yrain in the United States to equal that on and around the Hell Farm. In 1300, for the first time. Irishmen were admitted into the British Army without for feiture of their creed or nationality. They eagerly accepted what was then styled “this boon." Not only did they wholly (ill the regi ments which bore titles associated with their native land, but the Knylish and Scottish reyimenls held them in meat number. Between ISOTand 1 S I 1. more t ban 400 I risli of the 1 .(>()() winch constituted a regiment were in the tanks of the Seventy-first Highlanders. In IS10, 113 ot the Seventh Highlanders were Irish. In j ISO1.), (>(’>)*> of the Ninety- fourth High landers were liish and in the record of the Koval Scots, 4(14 are registered as Irish. Sprakiny in the House of Lords, fourteen years after Waterloo, the Duke of Wellington said : “ It is mainly owiny to Irish Cathodes that we owe all our proud prominence as an empire, and I owe the laurels witn which you have been pleased to deck my brow.” It seems that there may be two priests in the British House of Lords. The heir of the late Lord Pet re is the Right Rev. Mgr. Petre, at whose school at Woburn Park, young k Beckett, the son of the well-known writer in Punch, was lately drowned. The other priest is the Rev. Kverard Arundel, the heir of Lord Arundel of Wardour. Lord Petre is a descendant of the famous Lord Derwent water, who in 1715, lost his life because of his devotion to the Stuarts. It is stated that, while in gaol, Lord Derwent water was offered his freedom on condition that he would abjure the Faith, Lord, or Mgr. Petre, has five sisters in religion ; one is a Sister of Charity, the others aie nuns.—A. R. Freeman. On a recent Tuesday morning, the General Congregation of Sacred Rites assembled in the Throne Room at the Vatican, in presence of His Holiness, to treat of the heroism of the virtue's of the; Venerable Servant of God Maria Christina of Savoy, Queen of the Two Sicilies, and spouse of Ferdinand II. Several of the churches of Rome responded to the desire of the Postulators of the Cause, by exposing the Blessed Sacrament and soliciting t he prayers of the faithful. Public prayers were likewise ottered up in the churches of the two Sicilies, and this with a greater enthusiasm, on the people learning that, such was the ardent wish of the ex-King, Francis II., son of the Vener able Servant of Cod. All the bishops of the Neapolitan Provinces ordered public prayers in their respective dioceses. During one month the priests added to the Mass the “Collect of the Holy Ghost.” Sardinia and Piedmont, did as the Romans and Neapolitans ; and thus from all parts of the country prayers were offered to Heaven to obtain tliat this descendant of the House of Savoy might soon obtain the honours of the altar. Denis F. Murphy, the chief of the steno graphic force of the Senate, is a pleasant, bmwnwhiskered, slightly Guilt man of fifty. He was horn in Cork, and commenced reporting for the Senate when he was only fourteen years old. Some of his first work was the reporting of the Whig National Convention of 1S48, ami two years following lie came to Washington to help Mr. Sutton on the proceedings of the Senate. This was in 18.50, and from that time to the present he had been continually taking down the speeches of the Senate in shorthand. For nineteen years he was Mr. Sutton’s second, and since 18(51) he has been chief of the Senate's reporters. There is no man in Washington who has a better fund of reminiscences of the great men of the past thirty years; and he is one of the pleasantest conversationalists in Washington. The present average of the United States Senate is about 150 words per minute, though there are several speakers who utter over 200. Among the fastest, speakers at present are Senators Reek, ILawly Plumb, and Lorgan, Beck heads the list. Senator George, of Mississippi, is perhaps the slowest.—/jester Pilot. The devotinn of which the Sisters of Charity dailv give proof has just been ennobled by a new name to be added to the list of their martyrs. Sister Macedonia of the Order of St. Vincent de Paul has succumbed to the plague while caring for the cholera patients at Toulon. Three other holy women, among them the lady supri ior, died by the dread disease. M. Fdouard llrrvr writes of these humble heroines of Christian duties: “Noble daughters! They avenge, in a dignified manner, t he base insults and ignoble persecutions of which their Order has been the object. They die for those who outrage them, who chase them away, who empty over them the vials of their hate. But. no. We do wrong in speaking of vengeance. The heroism of the Sisters of Charity finds its inspiration in higher regions and purer sources. Between them and their persecutors the distance is too great to sneak of revenge or even of pardon. They do not even see them, for thoy gaze upward and the latter are below.” Berlin, Aug. 7, 1884.—The German Press continues to attack the English policy in the Egyptian conference, and Prime Minister Ferry’s overtures to the European powers for joint representation with England on the pay ment of the indemnities. The Forth (icrmtiTb (tnzrftr reproaches the English Press for its persistent (‘(Torts to excite France against Germany. The papers says: “ Recent, events have sharpened public opinion in Germany to the drift of the English policy, and are dissolv ing the belief in the friendly sentiments of the English for their German cousins. The at tempts to excite hate between France and Ger many are now happily seen through, both in Paris and Berlin. Henceforth, if England's interests are opposed to the French, she must not look to Germany, hut must act alone.’' Prince Bismarck has instructed Count von Munster, German ambassador to England, to ask Earl Granville what measures England in tends to take tortile payment of the Alexandria indemnities ; also to urge early and energetic action to punish the outrages inflicted by Eng lish fishermen in the North Sea on German, fishing sloops, 