NEWS OF TUE DAT. An extraordinary amount excitement was caused in the city on Saturday afternoon, when it was announced tlie Oriental Bank in London had failed, and that tlie local branch ! tad received orders to stop payment. At first the report obtained no credence, hnt an appli cation to flic bank and the receipt of a cable- gram irom onr i.onoon corresponaent inuy confirmed the disastrous intelligence. Full 1'articnlars are given in another column, from which it uppetirs that heavy lo»ses, through successive failures in the coffee crops at Cey lon and the sugar crops at Mauritius, places in which tile bank did a large business, have beeu the immediate cause of tlie unfortunate oc currence. It is impossible at present to estimate tho amount of the deficiency, but tho loss will it is anticipated fnll entirely on tho share holders, who under the charter are liable to the extent of £1,500,000. A meeting of the Associated Banks will be held this morning to discuss the position, and a proposition to pay tlie notes that may be in local circnlation, will p-obably be made. Tho opinion of a gentle man competent to express one ou this point it given in our report, and we are assured that every effort will be mude to protect the in terests of depositors and note holders. The outcome of this mcetiug will be wailed for with much anxiety, but it is generally believed there are no insuperable difficulties in tbe way of an arrangement being made. None of the other banks are affected by tbe failure, which c.in be traced to causes quite outside any con nection witli colonial commerce. A fow case of individual hardship have been reported and much commiseration is expressed for the suf ferers, but as before stated, the inconvenience will, it is hoped be only of a temporary nature. Sir IL B. Loch, the newly appointed Governor of Victoria, will sail for Hofcsrt direct by the steamer Coptio on the 2(ith inst A rumor is current in London that Germany intends founding a German colony in New Guinea. Sir Michael Hicks Beach has notified his intention of moving a vote of censure on the Gladstone Cabinet for their delay in attempting tbe rescue of General Gordon from Khartoum. The Atlantic liner, State of Florida, bound from New York to Glasgow, is considerably overdue, and much anxiety is felt for the safety of tho steamer. The new Chinese Ambassador at Paris, Li- Hnng-Tsao, is believed to hb charged with the mission of opening negotiations of a pacific character with France, with the view of ter minating the difficulty between the two coun tries. . The Postmaster-General received a letter by the last mail from the Agent-General, en closing a report received from the officea of the Londoo Post Office relative to tho recent trials of snbtcrrancan cables in England, The report showed that from experiments tried tlie best results were obtained from casas in which the cable was laid in iron pipes, as although carthon pipes had been tried they had been found to be defective and had given way. Tbo trial of a section which had bees laid down near Chatham was fonnd to be ex tremely satisfactory, and It was fonnd tlwfi gweyfrma faHnrea .hod arisen from defec tive material and want of experience. The report went on to say that the United States authorities had very little practical informa tion to offer on the subject, bnt from the experience of tho Victorian postal authorities .this view is incorrect, as the Americans have contributed largely to t'ue store of knowledge in this important matter. In tho meantime the experiments are being watched by tho postal authorities here with the greatest in terest, but it is uot likely that any action will ; be takrn iu the matter juit yet. I The Minister of Defence expects this week I to receive a repoit from the sub-committees ' j appointed for the purposo of reconmu nding 'the best course to be pursued in the formation '.of cadet corps in connection with the privato educational establishments as well as the State schools. The sub-committees consist of head 'teachers, and they will hold a final meeting on Friday next. The Railway Commissioners will start on a tour of inspection of the Nortli-Eastern lines ito-day. A special train will leave Spencer- street at thirty-five minutes past eight this :morning, and is expected to arrive at Albury 'nt ten minutes past five p.m. On tho fol lowing day they will visit the Beechworth, iMyrtleford snd Walignnyah lines, and on .''Wednesday will return to Seymour, arriving ' in Melbourne the same evening. Some time back the statinnmasters in chargo of country stations were allowed the privilege 'of having their goods carried free alonu the lines, Tho Commissioners, however, considered that the privilege was likely to be abused, and in couseuuence ordered its discontinuance. Xatterly, however, the station masters pre sented a petition requesting thnt their goods might be again sent free j but, after mature consideration, the Commissioners declined to accede to the request An atrocious mnrderwas committed yester day afternoon at Moray- place, off Moray- Btreet, South Melbourne. A plasterer, named William Browning, beat his wife to death with an ironing board, The police, fett-hed hv a neighbor a little before eight in the evening, burst open the door of the house and found Browning setting fire to some' wood on an iron sheet in the middle of tho room in which lay liia wife's corpse. Ho was instantly 'arretted, and conveyed to the South Melbourne lockup. It is surmised that tho murderer inteuded to set fire to the bouse as eoon as all was quiet during the night. Brown- ,5ng is a well set man of about 5 feet 7 inches In height nnd 30 years of ago,' . "His wife was a slight, emaciated woman about the same age, nnd, it appears, has Well-to-do relatives. Full particulars are given in another column. With ruferenco to tho case of Captain Lockyer, master of the s. Adelaide, whoso certificate was suspended some few days back by the Steam Navigation Board, Mr, M'Kie, secretary of the board, telegraphed to the secretary of the South Australian Steam Navigation Board on Friday, asking the reason that Captain Lockyer still icmained on the Adelaide after his certificate had been suspended for a period of two months. The reply received to Mr. M'Kie's communication was that Captain Lockyer was sailing uuder a 'Becoud mate's certificate, which had been issfuoJ by the Adelaide board. Mr. M'Kie then placed the matter before the Crown Law officers, who recommended that the superin tendent of the Mercantile Marine (Captain EspinrvBe) should call upon Captain Lockyer nod demand the certificate, upon which ho shipped. Captaiu Fspinadse called upon Cap tain Lockyer ou Saturday, but owing to that gentleman being out of town uotldug can be done until to-day. In the moantime, how ever, Mr. M'Kie has sent tho following tele gram to tho secretary of the Marine Board, Adelaide 1 " As intimated ou tho 24th April, you are again formally notified that Thocnna William Lockyer's certificate as tnaater is suspended by tUU board for tv.o months — nam-ly, until the 9th June Such suspension al-o Hurpends for a like period uny certificate upon which he shipped as second mate on the Bteamer Adelaide at. Adelaide, and which is now Invalid, and this board anticipates that the constituted authorities in South Aus tralia will prevent Lockyer from continuing as second mato, provided ho arrives at your port in that capacity." A very attractive raoe mooting was held at Elaternwick Park on Saturday afternoon, nud as the weather was delightful a large number of visitors were present during the day. The proceedings commenced with a novel iy in the shape of a puir match between tho trotting horses Maid of Moua and Sylph, and Brown Hawk and Sparrow Hawk, the result being a de cisive viotory for the former pair, who dis tanced their opponent, The Free For All Trotters or Pacers was appropriated by tho favorite, Honesty, who travelled iu spleudid Style and never broke once. LoithamHUad was second and Oliver next, Leu Rose being last. Only two started for tho Two-year-old Selling Stake, which fell to Tulta, who easily vanquished Calomel. The winner was sub sequently bought by Mr. Macklin for £105. Ned Kelly nud Equity were heavily backed for the Hurdle Race, which, however, \va won easily by Merrymaid, Equity being second and Zanga third, Fh.mtoui secured tho Welter Race after a line finish with Cupola. The Ghost, who was most fancied, being nowhere. KuowMgc, who was the favorite for the Selling Race, was caught in tho last few strides and beaten by Saxon, who came with a great run at the finish. The concluding event of the day, the Klsternwick Pai k Handicap, proved a good thing for Leuhia, who started first favo rite and won easily from Phantom and Priestess, who finished second and third re spectively. The starting, excepting in tlm trotting events, was indifferent, whilst there Wns an aggravating want of punctuality ex hibited io bringing off the last race. Other wise the arrangements were satisfactory, and inet with general approval. Tho number of votes polled at Nngambio and Arcadia, at the Moira election on Friday, were incorrectly telegraphed, and should have been, for the first-named polling place, Graham 70sM'I.ean S, OT.earv 00 and for Arcadia, in the same order of candidates' natnes, 18, 1 and 24. The totals given in Saturday's Age were correct. A meeting of the University council will be held to-day, when the long postponed electiou of a chnncullor will again be discussed, hut it is probable tho matter will be further post poned, as the gentleman to fill the position has not yet been decided upon. The vice- chancellor, Dr. Browuless, will move that per mission be given to the chancollor and vice- chancellor to introduce tho graduates and uu- dereradnates of the University at the Icrecs held by the Governors or acting Governors of the colony, aud a letter from the counsel for the Uuiversity with reference to the grant of £;>00 to tho University Ath-etic Association- will also be taken into consideration. In Mr, A'Beckctt's opinion the proposed grant is per fectly le»al, aud the authority for it is given in the act of incorporation. Tim several other matters contained in the notice oarer have been before the council on previous occa-dons, and refer principally to matters of administra- tion, A general meeting of the students of tho University will he hrld at a quarter past ono o'clock to-morrow afternoon, in the Wilson Hall, for the purj oe of receiving the report of the committee appointed to draw up rules for the formation of a University Association, and of enrolling members. I'rofessor -Elkiugton Will take the chair. At the meeting of the City Council this afternoon some matters of public interest will be brought forward. One of the orders of the day will he the consideration of the repoit of the public works committee, having reference to tho proceedings insti tuted with a view to prevent encroachnmut upon CojUios- street by parties now build ing close to the Clarence Hotel. The owners of the site of that hotel, the City of Melbourne Bank, and likewise the proprietors of the land adjoining, have agreed to be bound by tho resolution which the public works committee will recommend for adoption by the council, an 1 conditionally upon the parties mentioned sot eucroacbing beyond tho line marked out, the legal proceedings already resolved upon by the council aro to be discontinued. Keport3 from the public works and other committees in reference to recommending the payment of accuuts amounting to £9025 will be sub mitted ; also a further recommendation rela tive to the construction of tramways. It is likely also that the present vacancies in the positions of hall porter and house keeper will be filled up, I The first annual meeting of the Sociotv in | Aiu of SL.taruity Hospital Patients will be j held to-murrow, at the Town lio.lL The I society, which was originated by the Rev. I Churles 6trcug, ou u suggestion from the j Society for the Prumotiou of Morality, is al- j ready doing such excellent work, that it merits j the support o; all philanthropic persons. Its I object is to assist friendless and homeless I mothers ou their dUchar-c from tho Maternity | Hospital. Several comfortable private cottage I houie, have btcn obtained in quiet neighbor I hoods in the suburbs, to which the mother are a aeni uuti1 their health is recruited and cuiUble iituations obtain-ul for them, tho society pay kg a fixed amount per week for overy case ad- mitted. During the year, 73 cases have been relieved, and though the society has not in all | cases succeeded in bringing about a reunion with tho parents, it has, In the majority of cases, obtained situations for the mothers. Not & single case has, so far, been reported of girls taken in hand by tho society having re lapsed iuto vicious habits. The total subscrip tions received during tbe year, including a handsome donation of £105 made by Mr. J. 11, Murphy, was £565 Is. 6d., and tho ex penses wero £152 13s. 3d., leaving the society I with a credit balance of £112 lis. 3d. ! Messrs. Gibbs, Bright and Go. request ns to : notifv that, commencing with the Liguria, all the Orient steamers will leave here at mid night on Thursdays in place of Fridays, as hitherto; An organ, which has been recently presented ! to the Kew Independent Church by Mr, G. i Bell, ono of its members, was formally opened j on Thursday evening. A short introductory I service was conducted by tho Rev, J. King i and T. Laver, after which an interesting seloo- ! tion of music was performed by Mr. J. R. | Edesou, the organist of Scots' Church, Collins- i street. Several anthems were subsequently | sung, tho accompanist being Mr. W. M'Bean, of the Lennox-atreot Congregational Chnrch, I Richmond, During the evening a handsomely 1 illuminated address was presented by the 1 managing committee to Mr. Bell, acknowledge j ing, on behalf of the church and congregation, t various services rendered by him iu the past. ! Mr. Bell briefly acknowledged the complimeut, i and the proceedings closed with tho beuedic- ; tion. The organ, which was built by Mr. A. Fnller, of Main-road, Kew, gave every satis faction. A telegraph office has been opened at Boort, and telegrams can now be sent to and from that place. The eight hours movement has reaently occupied a large share of publio attention. With a view of ascertaining the effects of the system on the social condition of the workiog people of Fitzroy and Collingwood, a gentle man connected with these suburbs has offered j first and second prizes for essays on the sub- i ject — " What we do with our eight hours' re- | creation." Intending competitors are axpocled j to deal moro with practical results than with I abstruse theories. i Mr. A. Ellis, accountant of the Metropolitan ! Gas Company, who during the absence of the | secretary (Mr. Yasey) acted in the capacity of | Fecretary, has been presented by the board of j directors with a douceur or bonus of 100 ; guineas, in recognition of his extra services as j acting secretary. In the paragraph which appeared in Satur day's Age referring to the meeting of the medical board, Mr, A. Sutherland's address Bhould have been given as North Brighton, in stead of South Yarra. St. Joseph's Feast was celebrated, yester- av, at St. Ignatius' Roman Catholic Chapel, Richmond, aud to the customary solemnities was added a ceremony commemorating the inauguration of tbe novitiate for the benefit of \ students desirous of joining the Society of Jesus, The proceedings, which were of a so lemn and impressive character, wero carried ont nnder the supervision of the Very Rev. A. Slurzo, S.J., the Superior of the Australa sian order, and tho following members of the society took part in the ceremony : — The Rev, J. Mulhall, J. Kennedy, T. Cahill, F. Murphy, E. Murphy and II, Daly. A pro cession, comprising about 400 boys and girls, , attired in suitable robes, and bearing vari- ; colored bannerets, was formed, and marched I through the church, the choir chanting the ; Litauy of the Blessed Virgin. They th»n j left the church and walked around the lines j bounding the property of the order, Tho pro- I ccfflion also comprised a number of the clergy, | the Rev. A. Sturzo bearing tho Sncraineut under a canopy. Uprn their return the , Rev. M. Watson, S.J., preached an eloquent I sermon upon Matthew ix, 36, 33 : — "And j seeing the multitude ho had compassion upon them, be ;ause they were in distress, aud lying I like sheep that hud no shepherd, and he said | to his apostles, tho harvest indeed is ripe, but the laborers are few ; pray ye therefore to the Lord of the harvest that be may send many laborers to the harvest," The church was crowded, tho aisles also being uncomfortably packed. The first general meeting of tho newly formed Brunswick fire brigade was held in the town hall on Thursday evening, a full attend- I ance of the members being present. Mr. «T. W. Fleming, J.P., wa$ voted to the chair. The members who had been canvassing the dis trict reported having already obtained £30 towards the brigade fund. The secretary read a code of rules prepared by tho committee, which were adopted. The brigade will be kuown as the Brunswick Volunteer Fire Bri gade, with the motto, M We strivo to save." It was also decided that tho uniform should be dark-blue, with scarlet facing Und trimmings according to grade, with black leather belts and keys. The election of officers and com mittee for tho ensuing year resulted as fol lows Committee, Messrs. M'Nair, Mamd- lack, M'Dougall, Redfern, Gilbert, Fleming, Fonrdrimer nnd Tough. Officers— Captain, M. Kohlman j lieutenant, F. C. Wood ; fore man, C. l/»mpard ; secretary, W, H. Turn- ham ; treasurer, D. Tough ; drill instructor, NL Kohlman ; hoso and apparatus officer. 1\ Bntt, Writing on the recent discovery of artesian wells in the Uourke district, the Central dus- frat'an remarks : — "Artesian welisare becom ing u speciality to be cultivated in this dry neighborhood, and doubtless they will be o it a sufficiently liberal land bill be passed to enable pastoral lessees nnd their sup porters to iuveat with confidence. At Goo- ncry, for instance, a beautiful stream of ex cellent water rises from a depth of 200 feet 3 inches, and delivers a column of water at 10 feet above the surface, equal to a flow of 100 gallons per hour. When this spring was first tapped the flow was GOO gallons per hour, but finally, after five months' flow, it toned down to tbe present delivery of 400 gallons per hour. The country in which this remarkable flow or spring of water was dis covered is perfectly fiat, and it Is clear that it must come from a great distance, probably from the Queensland mountains. Although the water is allowed to flow over at 10 feet above the level of the soil, it delivered itself equally well at 21 feet, thus proving that the pressure is very great. It is the theory of geologist, established, we believe, by practical investigation, that the lower strata must be of conchoidal formation in order that an artesian well may bo brought into opera tion. When such discoveries as those made at Goonery by the boring party under the charge of Mr. Ford are brought to light, there can be no question as to the importance of scientific and practical men following up such discoveries. We know of one instance at least in which tho tapping of such an artesinu well or spring has been the means of saving some 15,000 or 20,00:' sheep to the pAstoral lessee. When the latter are assured that these discoveries will not lead to an increase of rental, there will bo a large amount of capital invested tentatively in ascertaining the extent and value of such dis coveries." A meeting of members of the Gospel Tem perance Blue Ribbon Choir was held at the Y.M.C.A. rooms on Saturday. There was a large attendance. The meeting was convened for the purpose of reorganising the choir, so that its operations may have a wider basis. The following gentlemen were unanimously ap pointed its officers President, Mr. W. M. K, Vale ; vice-presidents, Messrs. W. Batyand I, Warren Ball ; conductor, Mr. G. A Broad- bent ; treasurer, Mr. W. Baty ; hon. secre- taries, Messrs. Jones and Webster, A com- inittee was also formed with power to add to their number. It was resolved, ou au early rkteto hold a grand Blue Ribbon demon- atration, when short addresses will be given by j two or three of the leading advocates of gospel temperance. The date for closing tenders for the erection of an engine shed at Frankston should have read 3th May, not 1st May, as .printed in our Saturday's issue, I As typical of the inventive age in which we | live, and as marking the vast advance over the j methods of only a generation past, the Rn» , gineering tws noteB tho succeesful com- 1 pletion of a book perfecting printing machine, tbe invention of H. P. Feister, mechanical I engineer, of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. This ! i truly wonderful machine is nearly oa i ' large as a passenger locomotive, weighs j almost as much, and cost 20,000 dollars to build. It cuts from an endless roll of paper j Bheets of tbe size required for the. work in , hand, prints one side, transfers it to a second I cylinder and prints the other side ; prints the ; cover in from one to four colors ; fastens the i sheets together folded, bound, covered and , trimmed ; and finally counts the books, a bell ringing when 5000 are finished. All of this is done automatically, human hands being only required to start the web of paper into 4he machine. It will turn ont a complete 32-page almanac at tbe rate of 100 per minute ; this requires the cutting off of 48,000 sheets of paper, aud 83,000 type impre3Bions per hour, not including in the count the cover. Fnu on the Bristol appears to have hit the taste of a large aecticn of the community, as the Theatre Royal continues to be well patro- nised, notwithstanding tbe numerous attrac tions elsewhere. It is announced that on Saturday next Sardou's play Fedora will l>e produced for the first time in the colony, Miss Jeffreys Lewis appearing in tho principal char aoter. That versatile actress, Mias Jennie Lee, ap peared at the Opera House on Saturday night in another change of programme, the piece chosen for representation being the Tioket of Leave Man, Mies Lee appearing as Sam Though this drama is played so frequently it never fails to attract a good house, even when it has not Miss Leo's cleverness as An addi tional charm It is announced that Mr. Bur nett and Miss Lee will conoludc their dramatic teaaou in Melbourne on Friday night, when Jo will bo produced for the )o»t time. To morrow night The Grasshopper will be again placed ou tho boards. Carmen continues to bo given at the Bijou Theatre with much success. There was a crowded house on Saturday evening, and the performance was received with much favor The wrestling match between Donald Dinnio and Mons. Victor on Saturday eveuing proved a source of considerable attraction, as the Victoria IIoll was crowded to the floors. The contestants, though differing largely in physique, were fairly matched, the extraordi nary agility of Victor going far to counter balance the extra strength of his opponent. The contest excited a largo amount of interest, the various displays of strength and skill being loudly applauded. The match resulted in a victory for Dinnie, who succeeded in throwing his opponent three times out of the four first trials. The Temperance Hall was again crowded on Saturday night, the entertainment being furnished for the last time by Jones's CombL. nation Serenoders. There will be an extra x performance in the hall this evening, the occa sion being a farewell benefit tendered to tho favorite comedian, Mr. George Jones. A rum ber of well known artist have volunteered to appear in a monster programme. The Brunswick Amateur Minstrel Club gave a successful entertainment in the Coburg public hall on Friday evening, tho hall being crowded. The performance included ballads, comic songs, and a farcial sketch in one act entitled Warination Gratis, concluding with the farce of The Lawyer's Clerk. The Union Minstrels arc doiug a good busi ness at the Hall of Science, and an excellent variety programme is presented by them. Wo aro requested by tho East Melboarno Volunteer Fire Brigade to mention that their new fire hell in GippR-strcet, B«et Melbourne, will be tried this even ing. A notice in refctence to the matter appears In our advertising columns. We hare received from Mr. A. J. Smith, Swanaton- street, the quarterly part of the Doyf Oirn Paper , containing the numbers for dann iry. February and March, 1884; also, the Publishers' Circular tor Feb ruary, 1384. Measrs. Tattle and Co. havo sent as K-ano boudoir pbotogranhs of Miss Genevieve Ward and Mr. W. II. Vornon in ti eir respective characters of the Dnche-a of Marlborough and Viscount Molingbrokc in tho Otteen'e Favorite, as performed at tho Princess's Theatre. Both portraits aro extremely good ones, nnd the various details of the oo«tmnes have been brought out with the create!, fidelity, especially in tbe case of Miss Ward, the rich drv>a that «he wears in tbe part being reproduced with striking effect. 