@%je tofriftflto. SKETCHES IN OORNWAU. : No. V. I By a Way.fabjeb.1 Turning onr backs on the Iiizard Head and wending our way along the top of the cliffs for about two miles, we reached the summit of a ellfi known as the fellow Cam. Then the view of Kynance Cove, which every body comes to the Lizard to see, burst upon our view. No scene in nature I ever beheld bo reminded ms of the georgeous vision of Calypso's enchanted isle whichTorner limned. It was indeed like some dream landscape, and one almost expected it to fade away. Grand rocks, with tbeir deep hues Oi green and purple all aglow in the sunlight ; weird fantastic pin nacles towering out from the surf that lies soft and treacherous at their feet, silvern white sands dazzling in their purity broken up here and there with natural arches of rock that seem like the entrances to some fairy palace — such is Kynance Cove. Nor when one descends the cliffs to obtain a closer view of its beauties is the effect lessened. The caverns with their roof 8 festooned with ferns bewitch one with their beauty,andthe|tiny rock pools whose crystal depths are bright with colored weeds, and the flash of tiny fish and pellucid shrimps darting to and fro, are won derfully tempting for delay. But one must not stop if that bluff, ragged islet, known as Asparagus rock, to which the receding tide has left a passage across the sands. Is to bs visited. The rock, which derives its name from the quantity of wild asparagus which grows on its summit, and makes it charmingly green, is one of the most curious of the many strange sights to beseen on the Cornishcoast. To anyone notknowirtgthe way to get up, and notgiftedwiththesure- footednessofachamoia, the services of the guide usually to be seen haunting the beach at low water, is abso lutely necessary in scaling this rock. For my own part, not being very sure of foot, andjsomewhat long of limb, I can only look upon my preservation of soundness of bone at the present moment to his willingly-given services. X know he was sorely tried, but uncomplaining he fitted my somewhat large feet into risky holes ; laboriously dragged me up nasty places ; held me firmly by the legs from below, when my feet slipped, and left me hanging by the hands, with my toes some thirty feet above the sea, and generally acted as my mentor and friend. Once and only once he groaned. I slipped, and came fall weight upon his shoulders nearly precipitating both himself and my own carcass on to the beach below; all he said was, 'Thou art heavier than I thought, my son.' On the top of the island there is little to see, but much to imagine of what might be when the wind is high and the sea rushes in headlong, and in the darkness of the night some homeward bound ship, as many a one has done, is borne irresistibly onward to destruc tion against those rocks that look so fairy like now in the sunshine. Two curious natural phenomena there are, however, on the rock. One is the so-called 'Devil's Throat,' a wide tunnel-shaped shaft, the work of no human hands in the very middle of the island. No herbage grows around the spot, and very weird and terrible it looks. No less so is it in reality, for at the bottom coining through, some unknown channel roars and rushes the sea, and on stormy days every now and again huge blinding jets of water and yeasty foam shoot out into the air, and fall into the sea beyond. Many 'a the hapless shipwrecked sailor who has come in shore thus far on some fragment of wreck, and within sight of the beach has been washed back again to death by the sudden outrush from the Devil's Throat. A similar but somewhat less dange rous hole exists on the rock, and is known as the ' Devil's Bellows.' The hole in the rock which communicates with the sea is so small at the surface that it is difficult to believe it is through its orifice that the huge jets of foam which one sees on a rough day are ejected. Bat so it is, and a remarkable sight it is to witness from the shore the sudden puffs of spray thrown up sky wards like the splashes from an extremely erratic fountain. Leaving Kynance behind the traveller may if he be so minded still keep along the coast, making such detours as may be necessary for rest and the refreshment of the inner man. One of these would assuredly be to MuUion, where there is a fine old typical Cornish church, of which a former rector was Flavel Thomas, known in bis day as an expert layer of ghosts, and yet another to Helstcae. This latter place, irredeemably dnM, is only worth mentioning on account of the carious festival of the ' f urry,' old Cornish for ' gathering,' held annually on the 8th of May. The origin of this curious custom is lost in antiquity; but it may possibly be as old writers would have ns believe, a survival of the Feast of Flora. The 'furry,' though still observed, has much fallen into decay, the gentlefolks of Helstone no longer joining in it now as formerly. On the day named all the shops are closed and the lads and lassies go early into the fields returning decorated with wreaths of flowers or carrying bunches of them in their hands. They then proceed through the streets headed by some what discordant music, dancing a pecaliar rhythmic measure, which is said to be tradi tional. Accordingtocustom.therichertohabl tants leave their hall doors open, and in the en trance place a table on which cakes and ale or wine with other creature comforts are laid out. These are for the refreshment of the dancers, who freely walk in and help them selves, it being a matter of etiquette that no member of the family so visited is visible. Whatever amount of riot and disorder may have formerly accompanied the ' fnrry' it is now a tame affair enough, and is only in teresting from an antiquarian point of view. Within less than a mile of Helstone is the interesting tract of water known as Loe Fool, the largest lake in this part of England. It is fresh water, and abounds in trout. The situation is extremely picturesque, the sur rounding Ihiils being prettily wooded. The peculiarity of the pool, however, is to be found on the beach to which it extends and and where it is only separated from the high water mark of the tide by a narrow ridge of *and. The history of the pool undoubtedly is that it is a freshwater basin formed by the gradual accumulation ot this ridge of sand which has dammed the stream that formerly flowed into the sea. But the country folk *ay that the great Cornish giant, Tregeagle, who had so much to do with knocking about the rocks in various parts of the county during the night, formed the Loe Pool one evening. The legend exists in several different versiont, but the following is common. He was returning homeward, bearing on his back a bag of sand, wherewith he designed to sprinkle his kitchen noon His Satanic Majesty, however, happened to be out on the same.arrand, and to save himself the trouble of gathering sand for himself, determined to seize Tregeagle's sack, Now the giant was fat, and some what short in the wind, and although he ran he was no match in speed for the devil* Finding himself being gradually overtaken he made up his mind, j uit as he reached the Loe Biver, to throw away the sand rather than allow Satan to have it He accordingly emptied the sack on to the shore, and thus formed the dam which ever shue has blocked the waters of the river. Regularly, however, every winter the water of Loe Pool has to be let out. In that season the rains swell it to such an extent that the surrounding houses are in danger of submersion; the inhabitants, therefore proceed to the house of the Lord of the Manor, and pre senting him with two leathern purses, each containing three halfpennies, they crave his permission to cut through the sandy ridge between the lake and the sea. This is of course granted, and the ridge is cut. Then if the weather be stormy a battle royal ensues between the surging tide and the roaring rushing water from the lake— the noise being like thunder. The water continues to flow away until in a few weeks the sand is again silted up, and the lake once more assumes its usual placid aspect. The next point of interest is the old town of Marazion, or rather Marghasion, corrupted into its present form and*meantog the island mart, although some will have it derived from Marghasjewe or Market Jew. This latter appellation it no doubt derived from the fact that the earlier smelters of tin who set up their works here were Jews. Although once a place of some importance, it has now been completely eclipsed by its neighbor, Fenzance, and is only of interest as being the starting point for the famous St. Michael's Mount, of which it may well be said that there are few Who know not Michael's mount and cbiir, the pilgrim's holy Taunt Both land and island twice a day, both fort and port of haunt. There it still rises, a wild romantic island or rather a sea girt -»», the rockB the same as when Phoenician traders came to bay Cornish tin from the rude and stalwart savages to bear it away to Carthage* the same as when the lordly benedictine abbots held sway in the monastery that crowned its summit and pilgrims flocked to see the spot where the blessed archangel stood, the same as when the gallant but luck' lessPerkin Warbeckstartedfrom its embattled keep to struggle for a throne to which he had no claim, but all except the rocks are changed. Legends here are rife. Some would have us believe that in accordance with its ancient Cornish name Caraclowee or Cowse, or the Castle in the Wood, was in early British and Roman days, and even down to the years of grace 1099, covered by a dense wood amid which the lordly reck towered, and which was distant from the sea six miles at least. This was the 'land of Lyonnesse, says the story, where King Arthur met his death. Apart from geological difficulties, however, modern enquiry has shown that the ancient chronicles on whose authority the tale rests are at the best mediaeval forgeries, nor is it consistent with known historical facts. For example, the authority is clear that the rock was much as it is now only to be approached at low tide — when the pious St. Keyne journeyed to visit the spot in 490, and a charter is spoken of, made by Edward the Confessor in 1047, wherein the rock is spoken of as sea girt. Therefore, if the rock was ever in the midst of a wood, the inroad of the sea was much earlier than 1099 A, D. At the conquest the monastry on the rock was affiliated to the abbot of the correspond ing bluff on the opposite coast of Normandy, and the rock remained the abode of monks until the suppression of the monasteries. Even at that time partially a fortress, it then became wholly so until the days of Charles the First, when after its surrender to Colonel Hammond and the Parliamentarians it was dismantled. In Charles the Second's feign it was purchased by the St. Aubynjg from the Bassets, and in their family it still remains. Of the ancient building but little now exists, save the ball and the chapel, now put to secular uses ; but such as it is the mansion is comfortable enough. The ascent to the summit, however, is still marked by em brazures which prove the stronghold to have been once formidable. St. Michael's Chair, the spot where the Archangel is said to have rested, is a rough and almost inacces sible crag on the west side of the rosk. The name, however, is generally applied to the lantern of the castle tower, which is by no means easy of approach, and to get into which is said to confer on husband or wife, whichever may first succeed in sitting hi it, the privilege thenceforth of ruling the roast at home. The experiment of getting up is by no means however to be attempted, except by persons of steady nerve and considerable climbing powers, and it must be remembered that the return is more difficult than the ascent. A number of gentlemen met at Brown's Hotel, Whyte-Yarcowie, on Tuesday evening, February 12, for the purpose of bidding fare well to Mr. Hugh Reilly, who is leaving the district. Mr. P. Ward, on behalf of the residents, presented the following address, which was numerously signed:—'Whyte Yarcowie. February 12, 1884. To Mr. Hugh Reilly. Dear Sir—We, the undersigned in habitants of the district of Whyte Yarcowie, wish to express our kind feelings towards yourself and family upon your departure from our midst. After a residence of nine or ten years in this neigh borhood, wherein yon have secured the re spect and esteem of all who know you, we feel that we cannot let you depart without a few words of sympathy. While feeling re gret at your departure, it is our sin cere hope that prosperity and success may attend your steps wherever you may be located, and that we may at some future time have the pleasure of hearing that our best wishes for your welfare have been realised.' Short speeches were made by Messrs. Ward, Daniels, Mattey, Simpson, Gillespie, and others, testifying to the esteem in which Mr. Reiily had been held during his residence in the district. Mr. Reilly suitably acknowledged the presentation, and the gathering dispersed. 