PARLIAMENTARY. In the Assembly, on Tuesday, the Land Bill was resumed. An amendment by Mr. Lyne to make pastoral rents dependent upon the carrying capacity of the run, at the rate of 4d per 100 sheep and head of cattle, was discussed until a quarter past twelve, when the amendment was negatived without division. On Wednesday, Mr. Cameron took the chair as Deputy-Speaker. Mr. Luscombe moved the adjournment of the House for the purpose of referring to certain matters affecting Mr. Watson, member for Gun dagai, but was ruled out of order. Mr. A. G. Taylor then remarked that the action of Mr. Luscombo in referring to Mr. Watson was characteristic of his cowardice. Mr. Taylor was then called to order, and a scene ensued. Mr. Taylor used other strong language with reference to Mr. Luscombe, and was again called upon to withdraw and apologise. He attempted to argue the matter, and was met with cries of ' Chair !' Mr. Taylor then ejaculated, ' The Chair be dammed,' and again he was called upon to with draw the expression and apologise, which he did, and the matter dropped. Mr. Farnell then moved that the minimum rent of the Western division be Id per acre, and intimated that he would subsequently move that the minimum in the Central division be l£d per acre, and that he would leave the mini mum foe the Eastern division at 2d, as in the clause. The amendment wits canied by 52 to 3. Mr. Farnell then moved to make the mini mum in the Central division l^d per acre, -which was agroed to by 34 to 9. ?**? The minimum in the Eastern division was fixed at Id per acre, after which the House adjourned. The Government medical officers state that the late typhoid fever epidemic was the worst of its kind ever experienced hero. Six hundred patients were under treatment at the City Hos pital alone. Fifty patienta will probably be re moved within the next few days to the Little Bay establishment, in order to make room for other patients. Mrs. Easynite, wife of a blacksmith at Pad dington, has been accidentally poisoned by her husband giving her linament intended for out ward application, instead of a soothing mixture. She died in the hospital. Tho parties had boon married 27 years, and lived very happily. An eminent transatlantic actress gave lately in Melbourne a now version of an old story t(says ' iE^les '). An American citizen having 'exceeded the bounds of temperance (which meant that he was dead drunk), was by his companions, by way of a joke, put in an opon coffin, and placed in a compartment of tho catacombs. By tho dim light when he awoke and sat up he saw skulls and bones lying around. Taking it for tho gonoral resurrection, his national pride swelled his breast, as he soliloquised aloud, ?' Bully for tho United States ! First up.' TiiErovonuo for the quarter ending 30th June amounts to £1,834,400, being an increase of £109,700 on tho corresponding period of last year. The disbursements amount to £1,272,600. Brisbane. — Mr. Stodard, managor of tho National Bank, is doad. — The race between Hanlan and Edwards was a very hollow one, Edwards capsized after going half a mile. Han lan rowod as he liked tho rost of tho way. — Tho Hon. W. Thornton, late Collector of Customs, The weights for the Metropolitan Stakes, Hawkesbury Handicap, and Melbourne Cup caused a little stir in tho betting market. Mar tini-Henry and Reginald backed for the Cup at 100 to 4, and a point longor taken about Warwick and Despot. Hastings and Morcoau are fancied for the Hawkesbury Handicap at 500 to 25 and 500 to 20 respectively. 1000 to 50 is offered on the field for tho Metropolitan. A Sarcastic Prince. — A London correspond ent says ; — Prince Bismarck has just given another proof, although of a negative character, perhaps, of his contempt for the methods of the present Premier of England : his admiration for Earl Beaconsfield having become almost pro verbial. One of the leading London newspapers recently sent him a note, requesting him in the most polite manner that he would favour them with an article containing his opinion of the late Earl's public and private career. To this Bis marck has written a reply, stating that while it would give him great pleasure to put on record his tribute to Boaconfield's greatness, ho cannot jeopardise the existing friendly relations between his Government and that of Gladstone by so doing. This is interpreted as a characteristically sarcastic way of saying that if he were to write what he thought, the contrast would be so marked between the greatness of Disraeli and the littleness of Gladstone that it would result in an amount of bitterness which he doe's not care to stir up. ' Pardon me, Monsieur le Directenr ; but how much would it cost me to call you an idiot?' Doimeuil' boiling with fury, thundered. ' You would be fined twenty francs,' murmured the other softly, and with a sigh. ' Ah, me ; it is too much ; too much ! I cannot, in the present state of my finances, afford the pleasure. But if it had only been five franca — !' — French Fun. u Any good shooting on your farm V asked a hunter of a farmer. ' Splendid,' said the agriculturist ; ' there's the tax gatherer in the parlour, and my mother-in-law in the kitchen. Climb over the fence, young man, load both barrels, and shoot the lot.;- Mistress (horrified) : 'Good gracious Bridget, have you been using one of my stockings to strain the coffee through 1' Bridget (apologetic ally) ; ' Yis, mum ; but sure, I didn't take a clano one !' Labohchere, of London Truth, who was in Darmstadt when he was attache, has set all London roaring by his description of the way the Dukes and Counts used to club their money together in order to play cards with the English Minister for shilling points. Charles Bradlaugh, the Infidel member of Parliament, has a brother who is actively en gaged in Evangelical work. The latter disclaims any differences from his brother except in religi 'ous opinions. A Poverty- stricken Princess. — Thus a Berlin correspondent : — While tho newspapers are tilled with accounts of the grand doings over the marriage at Darmstadt, tho ' Memoirs of the Princess Alice ' throws a painful light on the small miseries of the great. When first she was married her dining-room was so small and stuffy that she could not invite anybody to dinner, and when she had her first child, the Queen had to send her baby linen and pay for the doctor. She could not visit her mother or keep a governess, and when the Emperor of Russia paid her the compliment of a visit, she was almost beside herself at the expense of entertaining him. The Queen had at last to come to her rescue by spending £20,000 on a new palace ; and, as the English nation all the time wa3 giving her £6000 a year beside a dowry of £30,000, the German Prince cannot have contributed much to the domestic expenses. A young German countess who lived about a hundred years ago was a noted unbeliever, and especially opposed to the doctrine of the resur rection. She died when about thirty years of age, and before her death gave orders that her grave should be covered with a solid slab of granite ; that around it should be placed a square block of stone, and that the corners should be fastened to each other and to the granite slab by heavy iron clamps. Upon the covering this in scription was placed : ' This burial place, pur chased to all eternity, must never be opened.' All human power.could do to prevent any change in that grave was done, but a little seed sprouted, and the tiny shoot found its way between the side stone and 'the upper slab and grew there, slowly, but steadily, forcing its way until the iron clamps were torn asunder and the granite lid was raised, and is resting upon the trunk of the tree, which is large and flourishing. The people of Hanover regard it with almost a kind of superstition, and speak in the lowest tones of the wicked countess ; and it is natural they should, for as I stood beside the grave in the old church-yard it certainly impressed me more deeply than I can express. A Ghost Socieiy. — Thirty thousand ghosts are credited to London. A society is said to have a directory under preparation, giving the name, residence, and business (at midnight) of every ghost in Great Britain and Ireland. The compilors have done their work with great and paintaking care, and though they do not in every case guarantee the pedigree and performances of the ghosts, they have taken every means to verify them. Persons desiring to make the acquaintance of a ghost will be able to do so, and, what is more to the point, they will be able to select the particular class of ghost they desire. They will, for instance, find such items as the following : — ' Ghost of John Smith, such-and-such a street. Born 1065, murdered 1720\. Quiet and gentlemanly ghost ; walks in the two-pair front bedroom, with a knife in his heart.' Or, again, ' The violent ghost of Crazy Jano, ? street ; age' unknown ; shrieky and chainrattling ; performs every night at 1 o'clock, but is rarely visible.' It will be seen that there is a wide field of usefulness for this book, which would sell more thousands than any other work of late years. Remember This.— Having entered a pew, move along ; do not block i\p the end of the pew as if you did not intend to have any one. else enter it, or as if you were holding it for special friends. Do not riso to let others in, but move along and leave the pew invitingly open, so that they will know that they are invitingly welcome. If a pew capable of holding six has already fivo in it, don't file out in formal procession to let one poor sacred woman go to the furthest end but move along and let hor sit down at the end next to the aisle. It is not necessary now for a man to sit at the end ready to rush out and kill Indians, as possible it was once. Fodr well-dressed riien entered a London tavern and had dinner. When the motnont came to pay they said they had no money with them, but would leave a valuable diamond ring. A fow days later they called, settled the previous account, had another dinner, talkod to the pro prietor, and finally sold him tho ring for £55. He considered that ho had mudo a good bargain, because he had taken the ring to a jeweller, who pronounced it to be worth £100. The guests, however, had on. their second visit substituted an imitation fac-simile for the genuine ring, and that made all the difference. A man picked up a purse in tho street, and advertised tho fact. In ten days he was visited by 61 men, women, boys, and girls, all claiming to have lost money. The sum was but £3, but of each visitor that. came the finder asked, ' So you lost £10, did you?' Nine-tenths of the applicants promptly replied, 'Yes, sir.' 'Ah,' said he, ' yours was another purse.' Oveiuieard in St. Munao-stroo*, Glasgow : Donald (a' fashionable tailor), ' So young MacTavish has smashed at last.' Sandy (a financial agent): ' Aye, mon, a matter of eleven hundred pounds ; did he owe you anything ?' Donald : ' No, mon, tho Lord bo praised, 1 always had an impression that ho was borrowing from Potor to pay Paul.' Sandy : ' Hoot, man, I was a Peter.'^ ? ? _m_m___ ? mm_Mm.._ Poultry and Canary Shows. — The Echo is responsible for the following good story : — ' It is a great pity that people who visit poultry and canary shows do not read up before they mako their inspections of the exhibits, as they subject owners to a great deal of annoyance in replying to stupid queries. This was especially the case the other evening at ono of these exhibitions, when an elderly man, with catalogue in hand, proceeded to critically examine the canary cages. Not understanding the peculiarities of these birds, or why, amongst other things, those fed on pepper Bhould be classed separately, besides numerous other ornithological enigmas which none but fanciers can explain, he was recom mended for information to a group of individuals who were taking notes of the exhibits, and who were represented to him as knowing more about canaries than any man living. ' What aro these birds?' asked the ignorant visitor. 'These,' replied one of the obliging fanciers, ' are Lan cashire coppies.' ' Thanks !' was the reply ; 'J understand. But which are the originals 1' The party stared in blank amazement at the inquirer, and vouchsafed no further reply than recom mending him at once to obtain the information by visiting a locality concerning which there is no reliable information as to the methods pursued in breeding canaries. What pleasure such stupid people can find in visiting canary shows baffles comprehension.' Singleton, Tuesday. — An exciting scene was witnessed at the Singleton railway station last night. Two navvies fought while on tho journey. At Glennie's Creek one was observed to get put of the carriage window. Tho train was stopped and he was arrested. When the train arrived in Singleton, the other man was found in a fit. Both men were lodged in the lockup. It was alleged that the two men drank three bottles of whisky on the road to Singleton. Oriental Bank Notes. — SayB the Melbourne Herald : — There are a number of rumours afloat as to the terms upon which the Bank of Austra lasia is purchasing Oriental Bank notes, and as many persons are interested it is as well to give the correct information. Anyone having £5 worth of Oriental Bank notes can sell them to the Bank of Australasia, which institution will give 103 in tho pound less 8 per cent, interest, the interest to be deducted at the time of sale. The Bank of Australasia further undertakes to pay the difference between 10s and whatever dividends are declared whenever the estate is liquidated. A holder of £50 worth of Oriental notes would thus get £21 cash, and at some date the balance between 10s in the pound and whatever may become payable as dividends. 