OUT OF EDEN. A NOVEL, By DORA RUSSELL, Author oi " The "Vicar's Governess," " Foo^prinis the Snow," " Crfcsus'a "Widow;" Ac; Chapter XXXV.-An Invitation. Christmas came and went, and then the heavily laden old year died out, and the new untried one dawned. At Weirmere Hall these dBjs were spent as most of us spend them. They must briDg solemn thoughts to all but the most thoughtless. Another year of our alloted space gone, and what have we dono with it ?* ID, or good—we may be sure one or the other weighed heaviest in the balance. To the Blunts at Weirmere the past year Lad brought great changes. The old mistress had passed away; her erect familiar form but a memory, and then the strangest change of all—the dishonored dead recalled from her forgotten city grave to have hor pale ghost crowned with honor. The late Sir Henry's first wife, the once beautiful Mary Fletcher, was now recognised as Lady Blunt, the mother of the present owner of the estates, Sir Robert Blunt, and the well- born scattered around Weirmere had begun to consider the propriety of receiving the new man (Sir Robert) into their stately circles. Perhaps ten miles distant from Weirmere lived the greatest magnate of the county, Lord Moreiand. He had married a duke's daughter, a plain but pleasant woman, and in I wealth, birth, and positionbad held the highest place, When, therefore, Lord Moreland's corcnetted carriage was one day, just about Christmas time, seen leaving the gates';of Weiimere with the ladies inside, it was felt by' the neighbors, who had long known Robert, that he had indeed risen above them in the social scale, and that the pleasant days -of their intimacy were probably very near at a - close. We are commanded not to "mind men of high estate;" yet no command by people-of" virtue- is eo entirely; disregarded. The Bo hemians (literary especially) are supposed' to look with proud disdain at the ermiued head gear, hut, behold, when Lord So-and-so stretches out his hand, dost the veriest' | Bohemian amongst us refuse to take it, or decline to sit at the lordly table ? Do we not rather mention mildly in conversation1 that we dined with Lord So-and-so on such a day, and had a very good dinner, though perhaps in reality it was only an indifferent one ? We laugh at-ourselves, but we do it, arid we also tell ourselves with some truth' that the high-born and well-bred are very plea sant company, and that their knowledge flows glibly from their polished tongues, and that they bavo not a certain trying way- of reminding us of our little' shortcomings (monetary or [otherwise) which is noli un common among ushumhlerpeople. Be'this as it may, this visit of Lady More land and her daughter to Mary-and Robert Blunt at Weirmere created quite a sensa tion among their old neighbors. Mr. Thirl well was walking along- the road with a plaister in his "coat pocket, and a bos of pills or two, and his heart full of warm and tender aspirations; He- paused,- he gazed at Weir ttlPrA Hftll- - w1lPl*A - fho'-lai^TT r\f love;" but as-ho gazed down the steep greett' fcill in front rolled1 the well- appointed' car riage from Wenman Castle, Lord Moreland's • place, for Mr. Thi'rlwell kaewit well, being in the habit of occasionally attending the servants. He opened his eyes wide, and then he felt a sudden coldness creep over him; "a dampness," he afterwards declared. He was so overcome by the sight that he sat do wn oh a gate near, balancing himself with some difnculty, and apostrophised cruel fortune. "She is passing away from me," he send; " the chariot wheels of yon bloated aristocrats tell me so—this lovely woman—and I'hear Robert has settled fifteen thousand pounds en her, and Bhe might have been mine bat for fate! What is fate ? A whirligig, for it turnsus all round." Mr; Thirlwell's patients- were waiting for their plaisters and their pills ; the world had to go on, Mr. Thirhvell felt, though his heart might be seared or broken. He was damp, he was chill; he felt a drop of whisky would - revive him, and so his heavy footsteps strayed in the direction of the'" Welcome Rose,'? where so often before he had slacked bis thirst. • His old 'friend; the - comely nymph of the bar, received him with pleasure though with1 a certain reserve of'manner, si Mr. Thirwell had been quite a stranger of late. " Ob, you are alive?" she said. "I am; my dear, but dissolution is imminent unless you give rue a drop to drink," he answered. "Givo me of your beatj" he addtd, "for I feel," and he struck hia waist coat in front, "as if everything were too much for me." As he sipped his whisky he "felt a little letter; after all what were earls and coua 111 ses but men and women'? They had their ache s and pains too, Mr. Thirlsvell thought Yfith grim satisfaction. Mary 'might be above their venal attentions; he had loved har when she was poor and unknown; perhaps she might love him now if he spoke up like a eibd; though her circumstances had so greatly thanged. By the time he bad finished his whisky, ho determined to speak up like a man; But the whisky that gave him courage also loosened his tongue. " Our friends at the hall," he sSid to the barmaid, "have had some swells visiting them to-day. I met the Wenman carriage leaving the grounds, and the Countess was inside. Such is life!" he continued theatri cally ; "the truth in masquerade; as Dm Juan has it. You don't know who Juan was, my dear? Well, he'whs a naughty young man, who would have come and drunk whisky I am sure from your fair hands, if he had lived in these parts, and he called ' a lie the truth in masquerade,' and what is life but a cheat and a lie ?" "Dear me, doctor, you are that bitter!" said the barmaid, with a'aigh; "Am I?" said Mr. Thirl well, not dis pleased. " 'lis life has made me so, then. I am thinking of Wenman carriage. For years Robert Fletcher and his wife lived here. Did the Wenmam carriage ever roll its stately proportions to their door before? Ho, my dear, it rolls not to see them, but the possessors of property; it would have rolled to see poor Harry and Flo Chester if they had been the possessors—they are not, so they hear not the sound of the chariots!" " Why you are quite'poetical, doctor!" " I have a vein," saxd'Thirlwell, " it rails ia me, and sometimes, as on this occasion, my. dear, it breaks forth. But as a rule I'm prose; pills are prose, plaisters are prose; and that reminds'me that my patients are waiting, and so I must be off—but do not forget me, I will return." The pretty barmaid neither forgot the doctor nor his news. She told all her cu3 tomers one after the other that the Countess of Moreiand had been to call on Miss Blunt. "Miss Fletcher that was, you know," she said, and all her customers went home and told their wives and families. Mr. Thirl well also went home and told Mrs. Humphrey and Miss Tomkins, and-Mrs. Humphrey and Miss Tomkins turned absolutely pale. "It's like a dream," said gentlo Sister Ann, " It takes away my breath," said Mrs, Humphrey. " Well may people say money is everything—for years I have been here— our father was a post captain in the royal navy, and mother was a Lansdowne." "Connected with the Lansdownes, dear," gently corrected Sister Ann. "Connected with the Lausdownes," con tinued Mrs. Humphrey, iDjured by her sister's nterruption, " but Lady Moreiand has never called on me, I have felt it; I own I have felt it, and now to hear this." "Well, dear, it's very well we called," said Sister Ann, "since evidently all tho great people are going to take her up; and indeed she's a sweet young wfeman; and her face ia as fresh as a flower." While their old neighbors WSre all thus talk in g of them Robert and-Mary lived on happily unconscious of-the gossip. Robert had re; turned from town, lookiug-anythiug but im proved from his visit, . He was graver, and Mary had- never seen him so silent and re served. "And how is Florence?" she-asked. ." She seemed very well," h'e'auswisred, and that was all; butMarjr-noticed that his first question was-after the welfare of the poor little maimed dog Florence had confided to bis care. Mary was naturally delighted with the' beautiful gifts he had brought her. " You extravagant boy !" she said; " fancy me in such finfe things." Rohert laughed good-naturedly, but it-was not the old, hearty laugh Mary -had loved to hear. Yet as Christmas Day approached he pr'opoEed that- they should • invite- Arthur Humphrey,' his'mother, and aunt to'dine with ihew; "It's too soon after poor Lidy Blunt'a' death to have aDy party," he said, "batIt : Wcnld;bfe''dre&iy; juSt ns two'-dining alone together on Christmas Day, co will yoa go up Molly and ask~tho doctor and his people ?" (To be continued.) 