THE DEAD QARBOTER. « was an awfully eul-d night in March naafiA dark 8 pitch, and the policemen who paced up and down the Strand, iu London, only replaced their bull's-eyes in their baits so oeac tneir gloved hands together and try and infuse some warmth into them as they peered up afcd down the side streets on tbe look-out for suspicious characters and bur- glets. ' Everything quiet?' said the eergeant to A 244 about o a.m. Yes, sergeant. About an liour ago I thought I heard a man run up Agar street. I turned my lantern on him and followed, but sa w nothing. Good morning, Bergeant.' Two hours afterwards, before the fog had cleared from the river, and while it was almost as dark as at midnight, a couple of medical students came out of a side door of Charing Gross Hospital and groped their way down to the Strand to get some coffee ana breakfast. 'Interesting case, that, Allison,' said the taller of the two to the other, ' and I'm glad we stayed op with it to the end. Dr. Pollock seemed interested, too, yesterday. Let's see ; I've got twenty pages of notes about it. Yon know, it's only the second tracheotomy operation I ever helped at. Last hope in diphtheria, though/ 'There'll be a lecture on that throat to morrow, and then I shall ask for it— that is, Hodding, unless you particularly want it to work on,' replied his companion ; ' in whioh case — — ' Just then the scientific discussion over the case of a woman who had just died ia the hospital of diphtheria was rudely interrupted by both students stumbling and falling over some heavy body to the ground. ' Great Caesar ! What was that ?' said Allison, as he picked himself up. ' I believe I've sprained my ankle.' Hodding did not reply for 'a moment, for he was shaken up, but on regaining his feet he answered : ' It's a man lying right across the pavement, drunk or something.. He doesn't move, anyhow. You get a peeler and I'll stay here/ But one had already heard the noise, and was running up Agar street. ' Hallo, here !' cried Allison. ' There's a man lying aoross the curb, and we fell over him and nearly got our beads broke ; Allison and Hodding, students Charing Gross Hos pital.' The policeman turned his light on them, and, being satisfisd, threw it on the face of a man who was evidently dying of strangula tion from some cause or another. ' Case of parroting.' said the policeman. ' Evidently,', said Hodding. 'Nevermind a stretcher ; we're close to the hospital, and can carry him in.' So the tiiree men lifted the body and carried it as fast as they could to the hos pital, but before the man had been well laid on a table hie was dead. 'Garrofced,' said Holding again, pointing to the swollen face and neok. ' Then it's a case of Greek meeting Greek,' : said one of the assistants who was laying oat the body, as a sand-club and a pair of brass knuckles fell out of the dead man's pocket. ' Do you know him, officer ?' « Can't say I do,' was the reply ; 4 bat we'll send round to Scotland Yard and see who he is in a jiffy. Yes, he's one of the kidney ; look at his boots and his head ; and, added the officer, patting his hand into the other pooket, 4 here's 'a bonoh of fanny on's/ as he pulled out a lot of skeleton keys. Two detectives were sent for, and he was 1 _ J A mAn vtnmA/l TAffllnw gckaftjr lUCUtlUOU OB B uiau uauicvi Avnivi( with half a dozen aliases, who had just finished a three-year term. His pal did that,' said one of the detec tives, and got off with the swag. Yet they don't often go back on each other this way. We shall hear all about it before night/ . A jury was called, and before ten minutes had rendered a verdict of death by strangula tion at the bauds of some person or persons unknown. So Fowler with the many aliases drifted into the dissecting room two days afterwards, being first made the subject on an interesting lecture, in which he aoted as apparatus. Hodding wkB busy on the chpntneria case, so Aliiaon called fu.- the throat of the subject Fowler, both students intending to devote their after life to the specialty of throat and lung disease. He had been for hours at his work in a corner of the ghastly chamber, where arms jostled skulls, and ribs hobnobbed with elbow joints, too much interested in his work to notice that he was alone, and that all the other students bad gone to lunch or the different wards. Whether it was overwork or sudden illness it was impossible to say, but when a student named Gough came in half an hour later he foun>i Allison gasping, half sitting and half kneeling cn. the floor with his head agiinst a glass case full of specimens, as white as a ghost. It was hardly a second before Gough hailed one of the surgeons and said : ' Allison is on the floor in a faint ; will you go to him while I get some brandy ? He's been grinding too hard sitting np with diphtheria cases, and he's been at work since breakfast on the throat and pharynx of that strangle case.' The surgeon ran in, but Allison was on his feet again. 4 I'm all right, doctor,' he said. Something o&me; over me and I got dizzy.' Just then Gough gave him some brandy, but his teeth chattered so that he oould hardly drink it. The surgeon felt his pulse and heart and said; 'Yes, you're all right, if you'll go home and rest for a day or two. You're overworked. If you are not better to-night, send for me. I'll drop in, anyhow.' They wanted to call a oab, but he insisted that he was .all right, and that the walk would do him good, and indeed he looked quite well again. His colour had returned and he breathed \ naturally, and it was apparent that tbe faintneas had been only temporary. I'll take your advioe, doctor, if Mr. Gough will finish this. It is almost done, as he will see from my notes/ So the overworked student went home. It was about ten days after this occurrence, — mtM »et although 'Herbert A'hw.m pet feo.ly well, be had not gone buca to tue hospital, ludeed. wheu his friend the dootor had called that night he had found him out, and was told that he had gone to the theatre. He was surprised, but said nothing, merely leaving word that he recommended rest and not excitement. AUisoh lived near the hospital, lodging with a widow na oed Mrs. Verulam, who took in three or four gentlemen lodgers to help to increase a small income She had one daughter, Bosie Verulam, between whom and Allison a strong friendship had sprung up, which, little by little, had ripeued into i love. Only the evening bsfore the mocaing on which he had fainted in the hospital, they, had sat together planning oat their futare, when he should have passed his last examina tion and oould hang up his diploma. And she had said : ' We'jl go into the country, Bert, and I will learn to make pills and plasters, and you know how I can cook. It does not matter how poor we are, we 11 get along. Or you can stay here with ma and mamma and get a town praetioe after a while, and perhaps give lectures at the hospital on your pet hobby — throat disease.' And he had given her a little hug and told heir to be patient, and he would make a name for her. But all this had been changed since he came home that afternoon from the hospital. On this particular morning -he was Ijlng lazily on the sofa, and Bosie was tempting him with poached eggs, tea, and toast. ' Not that you deserve them, Bert, for you did not oome home till one o'clock this morning. I heard your latoh-key in the door/ ' Have you read all the papers through carefully, Base !' he answered, not heeding her pretty ways. ' Is there nothing more about that Fowler case V ' No, not a word 1 You know the last was that the eld gentleman Miller was knocked down by one or two garroters; he didn't know how many, bat the police say two. He was hit from behind, and they took his pocket-book containing £2,000 in £100 Bank of England notes, and then the police say one garroter wanted it all, and so he strangled the man who helped him, and who made you so ill. The polioe think they know all Fowler's associates, and have arrested most of them.' ( Are yon sure that is all, Bosie ?' 4 Quite sure ; but, Bertie, don't keep think ing about this dreadful case. It has un nerved you and made you so different to me and everyone else. Take me out walking. Let us gi down by Somerset House and over Waterloo Bridge.' 'Net to-ctay, Bosie — not to-day. The fact is — that is, I mean I have accepted an invita tion to go into the country for a little while to stay with a friend. I shall be away a week, and when I come back you will not know me — the friend I was out with last night — an old schoolmate, in fact. My cab will be here directly, and I have packed a few things. Don't look so annoyed and alarmed. See what I have got you to remember me by while I am away,' and he produced an ex quisite little pair of earrisgs and tenderly pot them in her ears. 4 Oh; you dear, dear old fellow,' she cried ; ' but you most have been pinching yourself ever so hard to get me these. Indeed, I won't fret if you will only forget that horrid morn ing and come back well.' He kissed her good-bye, ran upstairs for his portmanteau, hailed a passing hansom, and was gone. < Allison drove rapidly to the station and took a first- class ticket for Folkestone. He had a quarter of an hoar to wait, and he was so restless that e ery minute seemed like an age to him. He started at his own shadow and kept on brashiog his eyes with his hand as if to excel some ehastlv vision. 4 I'll lose my reason if I go on this way/ he said to himself, ' and travelling won't do me any good,' The train was going in two minutes,, and he was still undecided. As the last whistle blew he picked up his portmanteau, turned on his heel, and walked out of the ter minus. Then he took a cab and to'd a man to drive him to Scotland Yard to the office of the Coief of Police and Detectives In Scotland Yard. Twenty mtcntes afterwards he was sitting in the Chief's private office with that official and Detective Brown. They saw that he was deeply agitated about something, and left him alone until he re covered himself, when, turning to the detec tive, he said, 4 1 was off this afternoon to Paris. Here's my ticket as far as Folkestone. Bat I ean'tgo. Why? Because. Look here I ' And, opening his waietooat and ripping open a seam which had reoently been Bewed up. he laid on the table nineteen Bink of England notes of the value of £100 each. To this he added £78 in sovereigns, which he took from his pockets, and then no tying a little leather bag which he wore around hi3 neck, be extracted a £20 note and two sovereigns. 4 This last sum,' he said, 4 was my own. The rest belongs to Mr. Miller, the man who was garroted by Fowler. There is the £2,000 complete. Now, do with me what you please,' and poor Allison lay hack in the chair with a great sigh of relief. The Chief looked at the detective, and' Brown at him. They were evidently puzzled. 4 Mr. Allison,' said tbe Chief, at last, 4 you have made this confession voluntarily, and so far the matter of it is only known to my self and Detective Brown. Will you go on and tell how you oame in possession of that money ?' 4 1 was working all the morning/ continued Hefbert, 4 on the Eustachian tubes of the subject— those passages, that is, whiah connect the upper part of the pharynx with the main oavity of the ear, and I must have been so interested that time passed, and when I had opened the lower part of the pharynx I found the canse of death. The garroter had rolled these notes int? a ball so tight kthat it was with the greatest difficulty they were separated. He must have supposed himself pursued, or had them secreted in bis mouth and swallowed them accidentally. They choked him. When I saw what they were, I fainted. I bad not the courage to give them up, and now you know all.' 4 Mr. Allison,' said the rugged old Chief, in a husky voice, 4 will you let this be a lesson to you ? Do you think you will ever forgot the harrow boundary that lies between ' honour and shame ?' But Herbert could not Answer. 4 You have been ebadowed, my hoy, since you changed that £180 note at a jeweller's on the Sirand, bat Mr. Brown here was your friend, and persisted that your gailt was impossible. I will be your friend, too, for your better nature has saved you. Now, go back home. Mr. Miller will receive his money to-night, and no questions will be asked. If you are ever in trouble, my boy, come and see me.' It waB all like a dream, an ngly vision, an hoar afterwards, as he sat by Bosie's aide again, and told her he had changed his mind, and felt work was the best restorative- He l returned to the hospital the next morning, and was as light as ever/infusing new energy into his work end fresh life. A year after wards he graduated, going through the s-ihools with honour, and then com mencing the practice of his profession in a modest way. Detective Browu called ou him oue evening soon after the restoration of the notes, and said : 4 My boy. here is £200, the reward offered by Mr. Miller for the recovery of his money. It is justly yours.' Herbert laughed, and said: 4 Doesn't one good turn deserve another ? Haven't you got a Police Widow and Orphans' Fund? We'll put it iito that anonymously, or 1 11 have you and the Cnief arrested for compounding a felony.' But the Chief and Ddtective Brown were at Bosie's wedding, and, curiously enough, Dr. Herbert Ailison received the appoint ment of Assistant Surgeon of Police the same day. 