WoveUst. A, TERRIBLE LEGACY. A STORY OF ENGLISH AND AUSTRA LIAN IilFE; ? » . By GROSVENOR BUNSTER. Actuob of ' John Hoiiton's Ward ; ' ' The Way oimhe Would ; ' ' Aiusii Biiadley j ' 'Blood Will -Tell,' &o.;, Ac. CHAPTER IX. ? ? (continued.). - '? the confederate's, i'lot. Dumng the voyage home in the mail steamer, Edmonds developed a new trait in his character— Be- began to drink heavily. The orimes weighing upon his soul, the tension o! his mind during the short Australian career, i andthe firm belief that the blood of Fowler, i in addition to that of Sir Ralph Falkland, Btained his hands, had their effect at last, even nnon his oallous oonsoience.. The forced inaction on board the steamer maddened him, and he sought relief in the bottle. A man of unbridled passions, the habit grew upon him rapidly, until it thoroughly mastered him: and the caution he had formerly displayed in the execution of his sohemes beoame changed ? to a mad, unreasoning, monomanieal craving for revenge on all bearing theftame of Falk land. ? After his return to London, Edmonds took \- lodgings in a street off the Strand; and 'set to work-to ascertain all he could concerning i Falkland. Going down to Devonshire on I 'a reconnoitering expedition,- ho .heard, to his great surprise; that the young baronet was in AuBtralia, and the date of Sir Frederick's departure enabled, him to guess . correctly its cause.; He chuckled with savage \- glee as he refleotcd that the shot he had fired at midnight in tho Australian buah had re moved tho. only witness of Sir Balph's mur der; and as he pondered over Falkland's fruitless mission, a diabolical idea entered his brain. ? He was seated in his lonely lodgings when ' ho idea first came to him. ? Copious draughts . - of brandy had only sufficed to stimulate his devilish imagination ; and as ho realised the . : force of his sudden idea, he- laughed in a per- - ' ect frenzy of dolight. ? 'Hal ha!' he ejaculated, 'brandy for . : . inspiration I 'Twill be. glorious 1 Let him | return, as he: mus^. do shortly, baffled -and downoaBt. And when he goes to Devonshire, ^ to seek a' little aonsolation in the oareBses of -'??his betrothed — hat ha! — he will find her . dead! Dead— and then he will visit iter . 'grave. Then I will watch him; and with a' bullet through his brain end the accursed raoe 1' . The scheme which was conceived in the de lirium- of intoxioated frenzy .was matured when the morning brought 'sobriety. And thus the strong will of the man was manifest. Liquor was with him at this time a passion. He suffered - the tortures of the . damned until he had ? satisfied his intense craving for- the fiery draught. .But his insatiable revenge was a sweeter,- dearer passion ; and as he pondered over the matter. and realised the, faot, that a sacrifice must, ba mado one way or the other, \- he sprang from* his bed, and swore — he, the blasphemous.hominide, dared to appeal to his. \- Maker_ to register his. fiendish' oath— that, bo help his God, no intoxicating drink should -pass his lips until the last of the Falklands had become a thing of the past. ' And he kept his oath— so far as refraining Irom drink was ooncerned. : ; Sternly and reso lutely -he denied lrimself the indulgence ; though sleepless nightB, unstrung nerves, and trembling limbs betokened the agony it cost him. But at. length Nature reasserted her sway— he had gained the .victory, Then he set about the aocomplishment of his fell pur pose. * # : He had ascertained that Colonel and Mrs. . Cotton had takes up their residence at Falk r land Court during Sir Frederick's absence,' in preference to. removing Bose to their own ' house. As the -former body servant of Sir ? . ; Balph, Edwards had acquired a knowledge of ? 1 everywindow.passage, and apartment in the mansion,- and ho exulted'at the thought ' of .the deadly use to. which that knowledge could . , ue lurnea. aamwance onoe gainea, ne re fleeted, he oould easily discover where the \- different 'inmates, slept. One blow witha dagger, . when the right apartment was, \- reaohed, and Falkland's happiness would be for ever wreoked. Then he bethought him of a dealer in old ouriositieB, living -near the Adelphi,- in whose .window he 'had* seen a long, keen Venetian. , stiletto, jast- the 'weapon- he required. Ho i . went at once to the shop,- and purchased the article/ Returning home to complete his ar rangements, he jostled against a man turn ing the corner of Adam-street. Anangry'ex clamationwas checked on either side to an -,- ejaculation of surprise as, the men reoognised each other. ' , -? Edmonds 1 ' ' Johnson 1 ' - ' The verv man I want.' said Edmonds. \- . 'Come with me.' He seized- Johnson by the ; arm, aad walked rapidly towards his lodg . Inge. Arrived there, he prodaoed liquor and . a glass. 'Drink,' he said. 'I cannot Join you;, I : ,- will explain why presently. ? ; What have you .: - - been doing sinoe I left England ? .If our share of the plunder from- Steel' has* not .done yon : i muohgood, judging from your present ap : . pearance.' Truly, it 'had not. The five thousand , .-; pounds, obtained by the ingenious ci-devant ' / Baron, .had vanished at tho gaming- table and \ - .in debauohery: leaving its torhier possesqr.a : ' ' 'bloated, ragged, dosperato'ruflian. x /Edmonds listened .to Johnson's tale with ^ - great inward - satisfaction. At last he said abruptly \- Do you want to earn ft thousand pounds ? *' .V :-V. -v., *.1-; l ; 'Do I?' replied Johnson. . 'Do I look h°o it ? ' I'd murder forty people to have tbe handling of that amount onoe , more.' ;; 'Youneedn't murder anybody, for it,' re plied Edmonds — 'that is, urilesB resistance is offered, and we have to fight for it. Listen tome. I have, as you know, plenty of money. I will give you a thousand pounds if you' will join me in one night's work. I will speak plainly. ; I am going down to Devonshire, to murdera girl.- She: lives in a- house, of which I know every' nook and: cranny. My pur- ? pose is tojenter at midnight, find her chamber,'! and stab her to the heart. No hand but ; mine shall strike that blow, or my vengeance would be robbed of half its sweetness. But I want you, to stand by-me; and if any alarm.; is, given, keep the alarmists at bay until the' deed is done. Will you doit? ' , , Johnson,' with a frightful' oath vowed to join him. ' That is well,'; said Edmonds ; ' and now' to fix the time. Wo will go down to. Exeter to-morrow, and mato all arrangements as we go. Of course we must ,,bo diBguised. , If things' are favorable, we will hire a couple of fast saddle-horses, ride over to the Court, and accomplish our object. The horses can be left outside the house, 'in a place of conceal ment with which I am well acquainted, It all is right, we ban .be back at the ¥tation in time for the last train to London. If there is a fight. for it, and only one esoa^es; he miiBt make a dash for the horses, pistol one to avoid pursnit, 'and do his best on the other. Ii l am taken, and you escape, you will, have the cheque beforehand. That you can cash 'and disappear' before anything is known— I- shall never peach. .If the contrary happens to be the case; - 1 rely upon you in the same manner for -secresy. Now you know the whole soheme; Stay, the girl I intend to kill is the betrothed of: young Falkland, to ruin whom you did that-UMle business down in.Yorkshire.' - ' A long conversation ensued between the two ruffians, in tlie course of which Johnson owned .that he was both penniless arid home less, a Btate of things his appearance auifi 1 oiontly indicated. : Edmonds toolrhim to a Irdealer in slop clothes, and purchased for him self and Johnson suits of black and other clerical s. attire. Then they visited a hair dressers^ And underwent a metamorphosis suitable to their new dress. ' This is.-a rum start,' -said Johnson, with an oath and a- loud -laugh; after they had re turned to Edmonds' lodgings and tried on their disguises. A couple of . lambs, ain't wo?' _ - .. ? ? : . . 'It's wolf's. work we're after,' said Ed monds. 'You . may as well stay hero to night. I'll give orders for supper, and you will find the liquor in that cupboard. But don't take too . much. Steady hands and strong nerves will -be wanted to-morrow night 1 ' . : CHAPTEB X. TIIE PURSUIT. . -- .1 ' Tho day before the meeting between Ed monds and Johnson, Mr. Borneo Gullies sat before a bright fire in the Albany Chambers, with an open book on his knees. Tho book wbb one of that romantio individual's favo rite ' blood-ourdlors ' — being indeed no less a work than 'The Sydney Scalp Seekers'— a fiction much admired in reading circles at home. 'It is true that the author — evolving his ideas of Australia from the depths of his moral consciousness, as the German did his description of : a camel — had made the abori gines talk, think, and act precisely like Toni more Cooper's equally impossible Bed Indians. He had also piotured Sydney as a stockaded' frontier town, surrounded ny dense forests, and painted, howling savages; had treated his readers to bison hunts on the Murray in summer time, and otherwise manifested his i supreme, knowledge of the ' fifth quarter of I tho world;' But it passed mUBter with the I gullible British publio, seeing' that it bore the mint-mark of an eminent publishing firm in London. ' Droadful oreatures ! ' 'soliloquised Mr. Gullies, aB he finished the last cage : with a sigh of regret; Poor Sir Frederick— what he must; be suffering among those savages t It's two mails 'since a letter came— I hope his scalp doesn't ' decorato the .wigwam of, some Sydney worrior.' Orperhaps he's fallen in love with some bright-eyed forest maiden — another case of Inklp ana Yarico. Only for the danger, I, wiBh .I had' gone. There . muBt , be some, regular genuine . sensations out there.'! ' Mr. Gaffles. must have been a very exor bitant man if' he wished for .a greater sensa tion than he experienced when, just as he had finished 'his soliloquy, the door was thrown open, andTaltland entered,- followed by Curzon, Fowler, and tho detective, while the grinning face of Tom Grist brought up the rear.' 1 . 'Angels- -and ministers of grace— I mean 1 welcome, Sir Frederick, welcome from thov land of bandits and ferocities!' exclaimed Mr. Gufilos, with eyes distended to their fullest extent. ' Don't be a fool, Guffles,' said Falkland, smiling. ' Help this young man in with.the luggage, and then take this telegram to the office. It is to go immediately. Take this young fellow with you,. when you go— lie is an Australian, and London sights will amuse him.' ? . Mr. Gullies, assisted by Tom- Grist, went to the oab. The romantio ? Borneo . : could not keep' his eyes off -Tom. - * ' Me help you oarry him portmanteau, .twiggy vous ?' said. Mr. Guflles, who muttered to himself, '. Why, he ? ain't very . red . for an Indian. I suppose he -understands English/' -'.This is one of - their.foreign flunkeys I've heard, new; chuma talk about,' soliloquised Tom.. ' Well, I never -2id try .to talk their lingo, but I dare, say I can.'.' , With this re flection, he replied : . . - , , ' S'pose you grabbee that handle, matee.; shoveo it op soee on my shoulder ; me walkee him along all same pieoey feather, you sabee.' :r.' That's .dohe it,' thooght . Tom, with oonscious pridevat the supoeK of his efforts, - as Guflles .oomplied with tha requeat. ' I oould always jtalk. tO ith^' Clitineae cook on the station better nor anyone ^lse ; aud it's plain all these foreign chaps haa the same yabber.' '- : . The luggage was. -.soon brought in, and thbn ^Ir. GufUee/^beokoning to Tom, said, ' You oomee now,,me.tako you see whatyou stare ktrHUoh funny tings.' V What are you talking that gibberish for 7' asked .Falkland, angrily .turning- round; while the detective, who -instantly realised ,the- situation, burst into a roar- of laughter. ' Beg pardon, Bir , . Frederick,' : said . Mr. Gulfles, mincingly, ' but this Australian — hem— this. Australian : Indian - only speaks broken English, and so— ' - : . ; ? This was too muoh-for ? the - rest of the party, who burst into perfeat-fits of , laughter ; I Tom Grist louder than any . . ! ' Why, confound you,' siiid Falkland; 1 when he oould speak ; , ' the . Australian Indian, as yon oall him, sp«aka English as well as, yourself— -better, perhaps;', .. . 'I beg tha—hem— young man's pardon,' 1 said Guffles, ' I took nim for a child 6f the forest and really,- he does speak very queerly, begging yonre, Sir Frederiok.''.. ,. \- ' And hang me if I didn't take you for a Frenehy , and spoke the lingo to accommodate you 1' replied Tom. ' There, : there; go along— both ol yon there will, bo a better understanding between yon when you. eome -baok,'!- said Falkland. : Mr. Guflles led the way, followed. byTgm, who polled out his pipe and lit it as he walked along. ? - 'Dear me, this is awful,' said the refined Mr. Guffles., 'Are there any streets in Aus tralia, young man?' . ...' One or two,' replied Tom, composedly. 'And .do the people there— the civilised I-eople, I mean— smoke pipes in them ?' con tinued Mr. Guffles. Tom Btared at him for a moment, then winked. ' I'm not on, mate,' ho said, 'you don't get a rise out- of me.' ' Compelled to endure the infliction, Mr. ; Guffles turned the conversation/ ., . ' I suppose you were taught English' at an, early ago? 'he asked. ^ 'Pretty fair,' replied Tom. ' Somewhere; .about, when'I learnt to speak. !They didn't: try it oa before, yon see, because they fancied it might be - waste of time.':' , : , , - : '' Then your father was not a warrior — ;perhaps, a great man among his peopler-and you were not bom in the forest and cradled by a squaw, I suppose? '.said. Mr; Guflles, his romance fast departing. .. 'I was born on the Hawkesbury,' said Tom.. ' Ab to ray father being a great 'man,- and a warrior, as yoa.call it, he stood six foot four in his sooks, and could, belt any chap on the river. As to cradling, mate, I never took a turn at the diggings. I was brought tip on a station.' . - Mr. Guffles' ideas had by this time received a severe shock. But he resolved to make 'one more effort, and so he said : ' Are you partial to firewater ? ' ? ' Do you mean rum ? ' asked Tom. ' No, I can't say I am; but' I could tackle a pint of stringy if it was in my way now.' Ascertaining that 'stringy' was colonial for beer, Mr. Guflks forthwith entered a, tavern and ordered a pint, contenting himself with a - glass , of sherry: Tom' insisted on ' shouting another, and this had the effeot of rendering Mr. Guffles so loquacious that he soon put Tom in possession of his crude no-^ tions respecting Australia, The keynote once' given, the mischievous stockman treated his new friend to such an astounding mixture of romance and reality, of the sanguinary kind, that Guflles was in a state of gasping admi ration all tho evening, and went to bed to enjoy what ho was wont to stvle.' a delicious nightmare.' Next day Tom was sent to the station with -Guffles for the remainder of the luggage, and returned in a high state of exoitement. ' I've seen him, boss, I've seen him 1 ' he exolaimed, rushing into the room where Falkland and his friends were seated. The detective was out, renewing hid acquaintance with his old tutor, John Forrester. , ' Sean whom?' aBked Fowler. 'Thonewohum tramp!' returned Tom. ' The chap as ;come to Nundle the night Mr. Curzon was shot. Suoh a lark! He was with another ohap, and he and :his mate was both dressed like parsons, with black rigs-out and white ohokers. But I spotted him right off, and dodged - him. When I heard him apeak, I was sure of him;' 'And- what did he say— where is- he?' asked Falkland, on whom Tom Grist's ex citement had prodaced a similar effeot. ' Why, I should say ho is far enough off by this time,' replied Tom. ' It was this way, you dee. While we — Guffles and mo — was coming along on the cab from that railway, station — Waterloo Bridge you oall it, I think — I saw this cove's ugly mug. He was walk ing along that Btreot that's about as long as George- street and Parramatta- street put together.' ' You mean the Strand;' said Fowler. ' Go on, never mind description.' 'Well, I jumped off the box, and followed oloso. behind 'em,' continued Tom. ' They didn't notice mo, why should they? Then the swagman as was turns to his mato and says, 'We've got half-an-hour-to catch tho Paddington train. To - morrow morning Falkland's, intended bride will be tho bride of death.' Then I jumped into a cab, and came hero like a redshank. 'J . Falkland turned white to the lips, and was about to rush out of the room, when Fowler seized his arm. - - * 'Bo calm,' he said. ' be calm, and leave your friends to act. Tom, fetch a fast cab immediately— or two rather. Promise the men a sovereign each if they use their best speed. Mr. Curzon, stay with your friend. I wil) have all ready by the time the cabs oome.' - When Tom returned with the vehicles, Fowler had a heap of cloaks and rugs ready, and a small caso under his arm; ' . 'Jump in,' he said, to Falkland, 'Mr. Curzon, you follow with Tom. We oan talk when we reach the station.' Away whirled -the oabs, at a pace far above that allowed by. the regulations. ' Never mind your number :being takon,' Fowler shouted through the little trap in the roof to the driver. ' A ten pound ' note will cover all. I will give you twenty. . Drive as fast as you oan— it is a case oflifeanddeath.' ^arious futile efforts were made by aston ished policemen to arrest their progress, but 1 in vain. At length the panting horses drew up in front of the station, and tho party sprang out Falkland and Fowler immediately ruBhed into the telegraph oflioe, followed by Corzon and Tom Grist. ? ' A form, quick,' said Falkland to the clerk. ' Where is the message for, Sir,' asked the olerk. ' Exeter, quick; man, I' say,' and Falkland stamped his foot in his impatienoe. 'Very sorry, sir,' replied the. clerk, with exasperating coolness ; ' but you can get no message through to-nighi. There's been an acoident to the wires, and it will take some hours to find it oat and repair it; for there has been a very heavy fall of snow down the line.' 'Where is the station-master ?' asked Fowler, seeing that Falkland was utterly over come by this last blow.: 'I moBt see him immediately.' - - ? ? The official was brought, and Fowler ex« plained. that a Imurder had been planned, and jthat.in the absenoe of any warning being sent by telegram, a dreadful catastrophe, must ensue. . 'Very sorry, air,', replied the man, ' but I ! don't see what oan be done. I can't grant a 1 speoial train, without -authorisation irom a dlreotor. And by Jove, Sir, here oomea one.' ' 'A portly gentleman bustled opto the station master, with an air of importance., ' Beg pardon, But George,' said the offioial,' but these gentlemen are in a dreadful predica ,ment.'r And he related the ciroamrtanoes. . - ' Dear me, dear me,' exclaimed the director, 'shocking, shooking 1 The only thing you oan do is to hire a special train, and that will be expensive, fifty pounds at least.' .- ' I will give fifty times the amount to reaoh .Falkland .Court to-night,' exclaimed Falk land, vehemently. ? Eh, what ! Falkland Court ! Why, bless me, who is it they are going to murder at Falkland Court ? ' ' My oousin Bose,' said -Falkland, in a choking voice, ' my dear, dear Hose, and I, great Heaven;-, Btand here helplesB as a child I ' ' Calm yourself, Sir Frederiok; all will be .arranged,' exolaimed Fowler, soothingly. . ' Sir Frederick, is it possible you are the nephew of my poor old/frlend Balph? '' said the -direotoft , ' To be sure, of course yon are ; I recognise the likeness. .Here, Thomas, a special train direotly, and tell - them to Bend the best and most oareful men in the shed with it.' .v : ... . The kind-hearted, old gentleman bustlod about, andthe magic of his presence, proved 1 very effective. In half-an-hour a powerful, engine ' and tender, , drawing : one - oateiago, -started off at a -speod of fifty miles an hour. Fowler looked at hia watch, aud made a mental cqloulation.v It willbe a near thing,' he said. .'Ifwa can keep up this paoe we shall reaoh Exeter a few minutes after tho train in whioli those Booundrels are. Let us hope for the best.' . He unlocked the oase which he carricd, and took out Beveral revolvers. Handing one to each of the party, he said, ' There is no time for trifling now. Shoot him like a dog if he offers the leaBt resistance.' Falkland said nothing, but there was a glitter in his eyes as he grasped the weapon and thrust it into his breast pnoket that spoke volunles. - - :: Tom Grist quietly tucked the revolver into his belt, and winked. ' I swore I'd fetoh that raddle-faced chap, ' he mattered' to ;him8elf, ' and if it comes to shooting I rather think I'll be among 'em.' - Corzon; who ,still wore his arm in a sling, had'insisted on accompanying them ; and he, too, mentally avowed to/do his best if, it came to a struggle. The journey was a very silent one, for, with the exception of Tom Grist, each man was haunted by a , dreadful fear, which he shrank from disclosing, that they might be too late after all. : Tom Grist looked out of the window, the view being a novel one to him. There had been a very heavy fall of snow, and the country was one sheet of white. The roofs of the houses as they dsshed through^ the ' stations and towns on tho route were heavily laden with snow. The trees in' the open looked like sheeted ghosts looming through the murky night. The monotonous rattle of tho engine, | the regular clank of the piston rod, gradually died away in Tom's ears as he sank back . in a slumber, from whioh he was not roused until the train Btopped. Then he found' that they had arrived at their destination, and got. out tb hear Falkland excitedly questioning the stationmaster. : v 'In half-an-hour ago, sir. Your special had to slaoken.the last fifty miles, for the fresh fall has . almost 'Hooked the line. HorseB ? .Well. I daresay you can set them at tho Bull. George, runup and order saddle horses— for how many ?— four .saddle horses immediately. Tho gentlemen will bo there before thoy are ready, iiad weather for travelling, sir.' . , Hurrying to the Bull, they learnt that only threo horses were available; the remaining two having heen engaged by two persons who arrived in the regular down train. ' Not a word was spoken aa they waited. An awful sense of an impending calamity over hung the whole party. It seemed taoitly understood that Curzon, as the least useful of the party, owing to his useless arm, Bhould remain behind. Ho grasped his friend's hand as the horse? were brought out, and said in a low voice, ' God bless you, my dear Falk land; may you bo: in timo 1 ' On, on, fetlock deep in snow they daBhed; the steam from, tho horses enveloping them in a haze. The glare from tho Bnow gave sufficient light to show the road, oven if Falkland had not known it so well. Tom Grist kept a few paces in the rear — not that he was worse mounted or inferior in horse manship to .his companions. On the con trary, it was his infinito superiority in both respects that diotated the course he was pur suing. Falkland and Fowler dashed along at the top of their speed ; up hill and down dalo alike. It's no good talking to them chaps, seeing the state of mind they're in,' said Tom to 1 himself. 'But if them mokes ain't bust afore they gets to the end of their journey call me a new chum. Now, this ain't a bad bit of stuff I've got aoross, and I've nursed him up the pinohes. It strikes mo that when wo gets that long avenue the swell cove as owns it spoke about, I shall spreadeaglo 'em.' Tom's anticipation proved corrcct. When they reaohed the lodge the horses of Falkland and Fowler were thoroughly blown. Both shouted as loud as thoy could, and the lodge keeper, half asleep, put his head out of the window to ask what was the matter. While Falkland was calling to him to open the gate, there was a rash, a dark form rose in the air, and with a shout of Follow my leader,' Tom Grist had oleared the park walls, and was tearing up the avenue, taking all he knew out of his horse now that the road lay clear before him. Pulling up the' animal at the flight ' of stone steps, his quick eyo deteoted an open window. Drawing hiB revolver, he entered through the opening, and walked cautiously across tho room. Trained by; his long experience in the bush, Tom's sight was like a cat's, aud listening intently for any sound, he crept noiselessly in the direotion of the grand staircase. As ho stole along he heard the faint sound of approaoh ing horses. Then he knew that his friends wero at. hand, and cocking the; revolver,, he pro ceeded, muttering,' I've got the lead; and I'll keep it. They're here, or the window wouldn't be open. I'll have tbe first shot for the 1 honor of Australia. ? And if I don't put a sot 1 like a new chum's bundle on that raddle-faced I ohap, may I never skin another 'poBsum ! ' (To be Continued.) 