THE REMINISCENCES OF A WAR CORRESPONDENT. , I have seen Napoleon IIL at the pin. nacle of his hollow splendour. From the German picquetline on 2nd August, 1870, I heard the distant cheeooring on the Spic herenberg that greeted him and the lad whom he had brought from Metz to re ceive that day his "baptism of fire., Again I saw him on the morning after Sedan, as the broken man-broken in. power, in prestige, in health, in spirita as he sat with Bismarck on the grass plat infront of the weaver's cottage on the Don chery road. Next morning, I witnessed the departure into his Wilhelmshiihe captivity I have seen him doddering about Brigh. ton, and strolling under the beech trees that encircle Chiselhurst Common. And for the last time of all I saw that stolid careworn face, as it lay on the raised pillow of the bier in the broad corridor of Camden Place. And when the face was no more visible I witnessed the coffin laid down in the chapel among the Chislehurst. elm trees. I knew the boy of the Empite, when the shackles of the Empire. haei fallen from his limbs, and he was n?longer a buckram creature, but a lively, natural lad. My acquaintance endured into his manhood. When the twilight was falling on the rolling veldt of Zululand and his day's work in the staff tent was done, he liked, as it seemed to me, to gossip with one who knew the other side of the picture, about the early days.of the Franco-German war-a war that had wrought at once his ruin and his emanci Aation.' nd, finally, poor gallant lad, I : 'dimly through tears the very last of him as he lay there dead on the blood stained sward by the Ityotyosi River, with a cilm proud smile on his face, and his body pierced by countless assegai stabs. Men have called his death ignoble. Petty as was the quarrel, wretched as was the desertion that wrought his fate, I call him ;ather, happy in the opportunity of ; his death. Had he lived, what of hollow un reality,. might there not have been in store for him. As it was, he had moved in the.world a live ghost. Better than this, surely, to be a dead hero-to end the Napoleonic serio-comedy. with his young face gallantly to' his assailants, and his life-blood drawn by the cold steel !-Arch ibald Forbes in the English Illustrated Magaz.ine. 