WHEN WE TWO PARTED. By SAK4H DOTJDNEY, Author of 'A Woman's Glory,' &c; Fslilubed by special arrangement with the author, £.11 rights reserved.] When we two patted In silence and tears. Half troSen hearted, To Eever for yeare.— Eyeon. Chapter XXXV.— A Lost Game. lie news of Mrs. Gesso's sudden depar ture spread through Kettleford, aud became the latest and most exciting topic of conver sation in that tows. Sophy had been a popular person on the whole, and people who were disposed to think that she must have been used very badly. For years she had filled her post at Oakccbvirst, and her grace asd softness had. often made amends for Miss Deltaont's bitter speeches. Everybody would have given a great deal t9 find out the cause of her dis missal ; for it was a dismissal, of course. After all those locg yeara of endurance it was not likely that the worm had turned at last. Little bits of gossip were collected from divers quarters and carcfnlly pieced to gether. Even the best trained servants mil talk cos&dectielly; to very particular friends ; end Bolton had an admirer in Nettleford. Somehow it became rumored that the heiress tad flown isto a dreadful rage with Mrs. Gosse, and turned her out of her house; all be cause Bin. Goue had said something about Captain Boswortn. The report reached Kathleen NetherMe, snd net her thinking. It reached Mr. Wig more, too, as he was sauntering along the High-street oae day in the morning sunshine. A man enquired, half jestingly, whether the heiress meant to throw the handkerchief at his brother- in-lcvr? And Charlie, after making some brief reply, went hose asd told If ica tbat the Netlierdalcs must be asked to dinner. 'Ob, why?' she said, uneasily. 'What has put that into your head ':' 'Xhey haven't been here for a long time,' be snsvfered. ' And Darcy will be glad to come end meet them. Beside?, 1 will not have you neglecting Kathleen.' She glaced up at him, and saw a very de termined expression about his brow and iips ; end her own face grew cloudy. From the bottom of her heart she wished that the had never began to meddle in Dsrcy's affairs, A sort cf fear of the heiress possessed her, esd made her shrink from giving a sisterly welcome to Kathleen ; Kathleen, whose ster llog goodness and sweetness were worth a thousand times more than Zos's money. ' Iiet me see — this is Thursday ;'' she said, trying to epesk in a natural voice. 'I will a&k; them to come on Monday.' 'That will do,' he replied, turning away with an abruptness that was utterly unlike his ntual gentle manner. And his wife was wretched, feeling that he was more dis pleased with her than he had ever been in his life. Yte; he was dupleMed, Already the j gossips vrare hinting everywhere that Cap tain Bosworth had made a conquest, and wondering whether he would be won by love or money ? 'L'amqur fait bitmcoup taxis Vargev.t fait tout' said the worldly-wise ones vith their smiles and headsbaMcg3. But if ever there was a man in the world who vculd set his face ss s flint sgaiost . the lust cf gold that msn was Djrey Baa worth. Charlie Wigmore understood the character of his brother-in-law, and loved him right wel!. There were no more elements of the romantic hero in Darcj'd nature than might be found in roost soldiers who aro weil-bro-d apd well-bcrn ; bat in all things he was simply and honestly true— not true only to bis own ec-x, bat always dealing fairly with wcraeD. And Nina, in her shortsightedness, bad thought to change the current of this man's affections! Killing ia this, her foolish obstinacy had still done miscJief enough to cause embarrassment and an noyance. But she was already doing psnaace for her tolly as she tdb at her deak, writing to KiVa teen. A few months ago that note would have been written ia & minute or two ; but now ehe spelled several sheets cf paper ia trjicg to express herself with. rase. She had been colder asd haughtier to Kathleen than Charlie had ever guessed. Darcy was for too true a gentleman to complete cf his sister to her husband ; and Mr. Wigmore did not reeliie that his wife had been pointedly un kind. But we all know how much, easier it is to break dovm an intimacy than to boild it up ; and Nina hardly knew how to get bask to the old terms with the vicar's daughter. At last when, after many efforts, the note was finished and despatched, Mrs. Wigmore could meet her husband at lancheon with the consciousness cf having done her duty ; and as she faced him at the table she mentally vowed a solemn vow that never while she lived would she have anything to do tiith match-making agalu. The afternoon was sultry and still. Charlie rpgtetled aloud that he had made a biisia^ss appointment which would take him out ot doers; it was one cf those dais whan a cigarette and a siesta under the verandah are preferred to open-air exertions of any kind. After he web gone Nina betook herself to the nursery, and tried to forget her worries in the society of Eosis; but Bosie was ciptious &cd; exacting, and the 'poor littlp mother begaa to thick it was very hard to live ia the world just then. Nobody seemed to b 3 quite so nice as usual, By-and-bye, after breaking off the legs of two camels snd a cO7, and throwing Sham, Ham, and Japhet out of the window. Rosie EUbdded into drowsiness. She curled honelf up, kitten- like, in a corner of the ample nursery sofa ; and Nina, thoroughly worn oat lay down by her tide. Here Csptain Eosworth found her wh*n he locked quietly in at the nursery door. He had been to lancheon at ths vicsragc, and called on the Wigmores on bis way back to the railway station, intending to stay long enough for a cup of tea and a chat, Her sleep was eo prof cued th&t; she was not roused by his footstep, and ha stcod gazing at her face ia silence. All was cot well, he fancied, with Niaa. She was pale, and there were traces of tears en ber cheek?. As fee turned and went softly downttairs, he resolved that he would stay to dinner, ana bo as pleaisnt azd brotherly oj possible. She had had her troubles, pao? little soul ; End he bad been so fullyocc ipied Tsitfc Kathleen end himsslf that ho had, per heps, teen too forgetful 0! other psople. ' Don't wake Mr*. Wlgraore,' ha said to the parlor-maid. 'Praently she will wake herself, acdc&rse; down to tea ; and she'll fiad me under the verandah.' Hs took up ono of Charlie's books, settled himself in Nina's chair, and half yielded to the droTrey spell that seemed to bs stealing over all the world that day. Bees ?7ere bjizz icg exoend the jessamine, and everything thst Jisd VFings seemed to join in tbe u&ircrsai; bum. Dsxcy chopped the book and closed bis eye?, end floated slowly eff intaatranauil drcemlfipd. Consciousness came back suddenly ; \aguely awere of voices near he camp to his feet. The maid was ushering a iady into the drawirg-rcoffi — a Isdy who c*me towards the ferandeh et one?, and greeted him in an eager tcne. 'Uon'fc let any one disturb yoar sister,' *fce entreated. 'She is not vrell, I hear. P.rbaps sou can tell me sosaetbicg that I want fccov.' 'I shall be glad if I cbd, Miss Dclaont;' he answered. 'But Niaa always wakes up regularly at tea- time. Sao is Ifing down, I thick, with a headache ; you can wait a litile while, I hope':' ' A little while, or a long while ; said Zoe. 'It does cot matter much to me ; tcy time is ell By own. Bow charming the garden looks, Captain Eosworth.' ' It is a pretty little place,' he admitted. 'Bat Nica wants more space, asd sighs after bro&d; seres. She is generally dreadfully dis contented after a visit to Oakenhurst.' 'Oekenharst i- not a paradise,' said the heiress, fretfnlly, ' It might be, perhaps, if a lot of people lived there, but it is far too large for a lonely woman. lam Icofdngoat f 01 a new companion, and I came to ask Mrs. W'gmore for somebody's addreas.' 'Havs yculcst Mrs. Gosie?' ' Yes.' Zee's brovr darkened. ' She gave herself site, and wanted to lotd it over me. So I told her to go.' *' Yet, it is a pity to lose ?weU- kaown faces ;' said C&pt;&i;& Boswortb. ?' The licks of habit are very Btrcng.' 'I should break bbv link that threatened to fetter ise,' replied Zoe, kaugbciiy. ' ' Aad I'm cot the slave of old Sisccfeticas ; - 1 don't love a face just because it happens to have been near me for years.' ' I think I've a sentimental liking for old familiar things ;' he confessed with a smile, 'But then I've led such a wandering life that I siippose I'm given to idealise erer jtning connected with early days and homo,' She looked at him enquiringly. 'People can kh?Bjs make a home, can't they:' she 'Well, not always, in these conventional times. 'Shut e must bs a little money to begin with.' Tbe hot color was burning on her checks. He stood cloee to one of the pillars of the ver&ndab;, end as ho spoke he picked a blotEom off a jessasims spray. There was GCmcthing cad in bis dark blu9 eyes at that moment— Eomethirjg grave about the mouth— a tadden shadow which Zis eaw at once. Tae cause of that shade was net far to sock. Ho was thinking of the hose that lie wanted to make for himself and Kathleen, and wonder ing whether there would be a losg tide to wait. But she cculd only remember, in that in etent, tbat he f?es poor ; it rnu3t bs tas re collection of poverty, ehe thought, that had eo suddenly saddened him. Taere.could b: no other reason for that look cf boitcs f uilocging which added a new charm to his handsome face. It was tho first time in all her life th&t; she had ever found poverty interesting, Ho looked co prcud end stately, eaii the girl to herself, even while ho wes suffering under that galling conecicmness of being poor. 'Ob,' Eke raid, abruptly, 'I wish I could make a house cf Ofikcchuret ! I wish some one would come and livo there, aad fill it with warmth and light !' He glanced at her with a smile fell of kind ness. Any indication of a heart in this girl always seemed to teach those around her. Tho wealth was forgotten, and only tho poor fragile fraias and weak health were remem bered. Her eyes were pleading end gentle, and all the haughtiness had died out of her fEce. ' We must help you to find somebody,' he said, in the deep, tender voice that seemed to her to mean so much. ' It won't bs difficult. Somewhere, — cot far off, perhsps, — thst somebody is waiting for your invitation.' ' Not far off !' He was surely speaking of himrelf. Already he had confessed his at tachment: to his sister, but he was too humble or too prsud to disclose it in plain terras to Zoe herself. He was waiting for hsr invita tion ; snd she was resolved that it should come from her own lip?. It was not tho con vcctlcEal mode of proceeding, but sho was rich e&Gogh; to sot conventionality at defisnes. He stood silent for a second or two, both his bands now bray with a sprig of jessamine, bis eyes bent attentively en the flowers. Suddenly her slender fingers stole roucd tost Etrccg right wrist, end clasped it tightly ; and eke began to speak eager, impulsive words that made him ssrink and flush. What was she saving? He did not hear he-lf of tho broken sjllab'.cs that were poured cut so fast ; but at first he stood as ttiil as if lie were rccted to the epst. He could under stand that she was casting her love and her fortune at his feet, and he was feeling bewildered, shocked, and bitterly rernoraafoi, elthcugh tbe fault vras none of bis. In some tbiegshe was more simple and single-hearted then most of his brethren of tbe *?orld ; and he cculd sot feel the fain test thrill cf triaoph in this unde&ired; conquest. With very gentle torce ho drew his wrist &*sy frcm tbat clasping hind, and put a greater spfice between them, The movement vi as enough to convince Zee, bliadedasahe v. as. that ehe had lost the gara?. There was cc mistekicg the quiet, determined cold teas of bis manner; and yet hs had never e pcfeen in a softer or more deferential tone. The voice wss as tender and low as if he were trjicg to soothe a tick child. ?'How ain I to answer you ?'hs Mid. 'It is so hard to find words that will tell you lam not ungrateful ; and I know tbat I must say EC me things tbat will sound ungracious. I cen ccly give you gratitude and friendship— cotbirg more.' 'NotsiEg more!' Uncoaseiotulf she echoed the words. ' Ko. It is always best, I believe, to bs perfectly troe. I have t3e-?ged raysslf with ell my heart to oce whom I iovs dearly. It ?will not be Icsg, I bepe, before Miss Nothar c'tle becomes my wif ?.' 80 the tri&mpa; of her riral was complete. As Zee listened to tlioso word's sue tiethooght her of all Mrs. Gosse'a eisregarded wsraings. She hardly knew what she foil at that moment, A wild desire to crush the girl who bad won him was the only definite idea ia her mind. Ee would tell this story to her oae day, and they would laugh over it together ; and Kathleen would feel she w&s; ampij avenged fcr all the old slights, Tae thought «as maddening. For a moment the was tempted to ning herself on the earth with a terrible cry and pray for utter annihilation. It had cost tbe strong soldier a paiafal effort to speak those few simple sentences ; end the Eight of her white face cat him to the heart, what had he been doing ? What had Nina been doing ? Surely some one raust be to blame for this miserable mistake. Without eome to»t of encouragement it was iapjisible to believe that Zae would have gone so fir. ' I do hope you will forgive tno it I hava spoken loo bluntly,' be said c&raesdy.; ' Ia & little while yoa will smils at this girlish fancy. You are very young, and we all kno s- tee fate of youthful dreams. Bat I tra3t th&t; ycu will slsreys be Nidi's friend and mice.' She looked at him a little wildly, he thought, but did cot make any reply. Tae cilence seemed interminable; yet it lasted only & few seconds, and then. Niaa'sstep was heard inside the drawing-room, 'They ought to have told me that yoa veto here,' she said, comic? to greet Z)& with her ready smile. ' Bat Darcy has been cctcrtainingyou, I hope. Ssrely jou are not gcing to tun aw&y; jet ?' ' I cennot stay aay lODger,' was the cart snswer. and Zoe moved on towards the door, Ler face looking as bard as if it were cat ia stone. Nin&, alarmed and dismayed, did not at tempt to detain ber. A quick instinct told ber at once that there had bsen a scene ba toeen her brother and the heiress ; asd she felt that her castle in the air had tumbled about all their ears and done a world of mis chief. Her terjoplea began to throb paint ally, a cot flueh mounted to the very roots of her hair; but Zoe was blind to any sign of dis composure. Her carriage was waiting is tha street ; she swept past Nina without: another word, entered the brougham, and was gene. 'Good heaven, Darey, what hai happened?' asked Mr?. Wigmore, hasten ing back to the verandah. Her brother had cot changed his position ; ha stocd by tba pillar, still holding the spray of jessamine ia his hand. 'I hardly know how to explain;' he enswesred. 'There has been a little mis understanding, but I hops there ii no real harm done. Don't question me, Nina ; I sbail cot speak on this matter ag&is.;' Sbe was silent; but there was a look ia bis face which told her that he was desply moved. CHArTEEXXXVL— ' AXD THEIR UEV£N- : IS AS THE TlOEE'S Sl'RING.' ' It will net be losg, I hone, before Miss Netherdale becomes my wife.' Those words were ringing in Z)e Delarcni's eats ; the death- knell ofthe most passionately cherished hope that she bad ever knosa. As the carrisge turned in at her lodge-Kate, and the great house, eo empty, so desolate, arose before her eyes; it must have been a herd heart that could have forborne frora pitying her. The scents from ber rich gardens over whelmed her with their sickening sweetness ; tbo many windows, shining in the afternoon light, seemed to glitter ia mockery of tae tplendid loneliness tbat awaited her within those w&Us;, Acd with that ce&th-kacil; cf hope there mingled a taunting voice which told htr that she had hurabledhesaeiEiavaw. | To her excited fancy it secre&dasif; the airy laughter of fiends was echoing through tbe rooms as she took her way to ths boudoir. K&thleea; had triumphed; Kstbleen weald always iriciopb ; and Zac's wealth was fiang aside fcr the sake 0! her rival's matchless beauty. She ?oai- beautiful, and Zoo kae =v ib bow, and owned it with intense bitterness. Ajb the lay writhing on her cushions ia an sgecy of rage and humiliation she called up a fair vision o£ the girl whom Darcy Boaworih loved. The eoffc, peseh-tinted oval face, set in waves cf golden-brown hair; the large clear eves, brimful of sunshine; sweet red lips that were made to kiss. And then in an opposite mirrcr she caught a sudden glimpse of her own p&Is; features, distorted with pas sion, end moaned and sobbed aloud in im potent misery. This mood could not last. It parsed, as ike first shock had done, bat the intolerable smart cf ecsme remained. She was tortured by the thought that he would scorn her in bu heart, and even amuse his betrothed with the &icty; of her weakness and forward folly. Igcoble by sature, she conld never grasp the fact of nobility in others ; nor did she kao? gDjtbing of that sense oi honor which, eg iA?. the lips of a true gentleman when a womin'd secret Is concerned. Not even to the wife of biB botoin, cor to the friend -wao was aa his own scul, would Darcy Bis worth ever have breathed a word of Zoe's wild avcs-al. She roused herself at last, swept back tha fcair from ber forehead, asd looked wearily rcocd the room. Everything there, ia in clisngelEssnees, seemed to represent tha merotencus luxury of her own life ; and oat of doors the sunshine slept upon the fiae soft turf, and tbe fountain kept up its familiar tickling plash. Every leaf was motionless in the w&nn; air ; the lightest tendrils round ths wicdow were at rest. Oh, for some sadden &tctm;»bl&st; to break this dreadful calm, and send the leaves flying wildly over the velvet cod! The low chair, which had been Sophy'* favorite seat, was still stsndieg ia its old pl&co; ; on a small table lay & book with her marker between its pjges. She trss bsgiansng to feel an intense locging for Sophy^ pro fence now ; she missed the quieS voice, and toft touch, acd eympatfaisinggfanc?. Bui the exile could sot be recalled ; Mrs. Go;te hsd departed without ieaving aay clua to her destination ; and Zoe felt that she should eee her face again eo more. She touched tho beil Bnd ordered ceffee, and then summoned Bolton. Tbe 2said remem bered afterwards that her mistress's fees had assumed a new acd strange expression, snd eeesied to have hardened into marble. Yet she speko more calmly than u=u™!, and was less restless t&an; Bolton hsd ever kao-rc her. Almost for the first time ia her life Zis hsd set herself tbe task of thinking. Surely there ?^aaEomethiag to bs gained bj steady thought ; surely some pJan raSgnt be worked ouS ; gome scheme might bs devised by which the thln?f that she dreaded most might bs prevented frcm coming to pass. Any trial would bj more endurable th&n; Qsvcy Bsswortl-'a m%T tiggo with Kathleen N&tncrdsle.; Sh= feli thEt sfce would ratbtr give up the hsflf of tier fortrcte then bea? the seuDd of toeir ^eddJa1? bells; more, sae was cons dous tbat tile only thicg woztb. IiTiug for was t'ncir ctesa&l; sepa ration. Bat what was to be doac ? Ail through her solitary dinner she wa3 braodiDg stiil ; white the watchtai servants waited on her in silence, snd the sultry day drew Eiowly to its close. Then, attcr leaving the table, she began to wander liks a ghost through the empty rooms, aad c*me to a pause ct last in the library. The evening light shone calmly ia upon rows of splendidly.boand book?, which Lad never been touched by their owner. Sophy had come here sometime*, snd had taken down a volume 0* plajs, or history, or essays ; bat see hed always carried it avey to read in a brighter room. The library was sombre and cold ; even Mr. Delmont had never cared to sit in it long, although he invariably went over his accounts and wrote hi? letters there. Tae escritoire which he had habitually used was standing in one oE the wiad»-??, and in front of it was the leather-covered chair wiiich he had always occupied. If he cad lived, would he have bsca able to help his daughter now 1 Aa she put the ques tion to herself she answered it with a bitter little smile. Mr, Delraont was o man whoso energies seemed to be half asleep ; everybody influenced him, everybody managed him. Zee, after the fortune had corns to her, had evinced a determination to guard him jealously. Old friends, who might have sought to profit by the cbasge in his circum stances, we.e resolutely kept at a distance. But, great as her power wa?, elie had had a fcera struggle before he could be induced to give up Mr. Hothsrdale. Yet ho had given him up at last, and even the correspondence had been dropped. Stand ;rg alone in the silent room, a&d; resting her blind en the back t-f the leather -covered ciair, see cmld recall the time when the last iei'.cra had passed between teem. Mr. Dclmcnt bad tsken a foolish fancy to buy seme eld china wbich. had been ia his friend's family for yeavs. Z jo had nroSsitcd londly »g&icst; the parcbSBP. Were not the Oakcchnrstabelves well stored with crockery ? But Mr. Ddment hsd decl&red; that the curate's caps snd eaueera were absurdaiiy cheap 3.t ten povind3 ; &ai; so tbe bs-vgsin was m&de;, oGd tbe coins vres d?pcsitsd ia ono cf tfce cabinets of the dravrisg-rssm. It was after tbgf; transaction tha' th3 GCriC8gCEd*tice had ee&sed.; Eye? jealous o? lie icuaeEce of Kaibleen's fattier, Zje bad never failed to inquire wiictUer Sir. Delraont hsd heard from £Ir, Neiherd≤, Aad tbe latt answer, sadly uttered, had giren her a thrill cf Eatiiiaction. ' Kb, poor fellow, he has left off writing to me now !' Mr. Delmont hod said. And then then the name of Ketherdale was mentioned eo more. She knew that Mr. Ketherdalo hsd hsd money troubles before he became vicar of Kettleford ; and ehe had always been haunted by the fear that her father would help him. In her earlier girlhood Zie had hated tbe thought of parting with money ; Bhe had liked to lock at it and count it over and over, as if the cculd never have enough of the sight of it. As womanhood advancsd Sophy's refin ing influence had prevailed with the heiress to a certain extent. She had learnt that it is vulgar to be always gloating over gold aad tatk-Eo'ea ; and then, too, she bad gradually gtewn scccstomed to her wealth* But tlmq -m~- ? 1 ilS , L rT1TnTTjyii in n-«ini» had done nothing to enlarge V« fcearS: sad alth&Kga; the claims cE society c impelled. fcer to open her parte, she bad nsvn ' becoaia a cheerful giver. Whea she gave, it ,-?« b3 cause the world expected her to gi?e ; «k. «i »!i3 wax often atgry with iis world fgrUs^aai pulsioc. She sat down ia tbe chair and rorted h& v arms upon the escritoire. Ks3 her faihet ever Icat any money to ais old caUego frUsni1! She almost wished cow tfcat 2.3 had ; it woald? bavfi wicged an arrosy to thest ai the vijar Al! Kettlejord hsd koojFn tast sho disliked the clergymen and his daughter, bat sha hai cever bsen able to giro 3 good rossoa for her aversion. It osl/ sba could say, 'tiw Kctkerde'.cs were always wa&tiog; tohyttov cf ns,' tae tosns'alk would foei thai thair pepuJar psrson had suffered a loss of djgtity. Even Captain Bossorfcu, loyal loves as hs wes, might be alittlo disgusted at the thought of having a borrowing father- in-latr. Tee library win&owa; faced the wost, aad Zse, seated at the e3CHtoire, Was cnEolded in. ifce rich glow of sunset. It was the hour of rest for busy workers ; the hour when happy people cling to each other and talk 07er old jojs snd new hopes ; tha hour for recreation end thought- Bat the cload before Zjs's ejes was black ccongh to blot oat all the hap piuess iu the world. There was light enough to brighten her whole life if she coold bat tare looked over the edge of the cloud ; bat; the touldnoVjor woulinct, Aad now, instead oS Eetking for some healicg inSaeuce, she wu breeding ever ibat tmplc-asant question wtlcb had been taidenly evolved from her unhealthy state of mind. She always carried about with her a little bucch of keys, which belonged caiefly to iUe c&Ekets; tbat contained her choicest treasures. Among these was the key ot the escritoire in fsnich a few of her mother's trinkets, as wsli as Ii£r father's papers, hsd laia urtdUturbsd since bin deatb. Mrs. Dslntont hsd ES7er penessed an; j&wels; of much value ; and her daughter fcad ornaments enough witboat them. Bat the widower bad treasured thesi bs aacret relief, asd had liked to keep them where he could easily take them out atsd look at them. Thtre might have oeen, psraapj, s tendency in bis nature to idealisa the lost ; and it is possible tha' his wife had Eover {with all her faults) diiappoiated hia so bitterly as his chili}. Aa Zoe fitted tha key isto ttw loos liar mind westoo fall of her own pa3sicnsto grief to tttfrtsin a thocght for the deed. Has wes bbsut to open those packets of letters which had never been touched bp any hsad bat his, snd jet aLc did not shrink from her t&sb.; Tile contents of the escritoire weranoitljr arranged ; tlr. Delaiont, having oSten found. & d;i£eulty ia ailing; up ell the hours of the day, had occupied hisistlf ia sorting and ijing up his papers with mirrellaua care aud patience. Ho was one cf those m;n who pra Ecrvt tetters— letters which he aXtfiji ia tenced to bum, and yet never could m&Ua; up L:'3 lnitid to destroy. Acd Zis'a lip curled ccntcicptDousiy while eae untied baadis niter bundle o! tho worthless epistles, fall of the merest gCESip or relating to the most trifling affairs. She paused ia tbe middle of her researeh&s; to light two tapers';lnbror.z3 caadiesfcicks tiiw were sttneing on the upper part o£ the dcsSc. The dsy was I'sdiog and tha corners ot tae room were already fall of shadows. Sha was timid by nature, and&t; any other time would fcave hastily fl=ii trcoi the Ratiieriaj; aloom.bu'i now her mind *?bs so fully occupied wiih a pcrposa that tbero wss no room ia it for tuperiiitious fears. So she searched ca be3 on until at last she ctcie to ft packet tbinccr aad esaslier than the rc2t ; end wkea the fitricg van loosened sha esh; &t-; the first ?!enc3 thai tliey were letters ?written by Mr. Jictaerdalc to lies fsth=r. Hftlf on hour later Eoltoa met hsi irdstreas cOBsiDg oat of tfce library, bes eyes tbiniag, her ?pen face flashed. Tee raaii looked at; htr & little nervously, bat did not ventare to cpc&k.; 'Somebody roust carry a not9 ta thg vicarage this evening,' she said, spsskiog in a strained, unnatural voice. 'I a:a going into the boudoir to writs if., aad yoa snustseo ibat it is sent cS at once.' Tbe ccte was written ia a fev minutes aad addressed to Miss Ketherdale. And then, a mounted groom rode through tbe dusk of the quiet laner, and went clattering up the old Higb-street until he paused at the vicarage g&te.; Kstblecn was sitiisg in tha study with her father when that letter was delivered. She put down her needlework and opened it with rather a wondering look on her sweet face. 11 A ncte from O&kcnhurst;, papa,' ehssaid, glancing at its contents. 'Only afevllae;. Zee ask* mo to come toller of ter breakfast tc-moi-row, &r-d; the will send a carriage for me.' ' What dans she want you fcr ?'' the vicar (E^-jircd, with an undercurrent of uneaiinesa Id bis toDP. ?' I derr fc know ; i*, f» a very short note. Oh, I dares&y; she wanta me to Sad her s new com panion ; the thicks that we are likely to ba tc^uamtcd with same nice old lady who will suit tcr. L;t me see,— is there anybody, paps?' ?? I oesi'c ttitk there is,' he answered ia concrcatiy. ' Ob, bet tbfire roust be. She ranst f«el it ttr?i-i]e to ba alone ia that crsat house.' ' ypcycid she nart with Mrs?, Gossc; Soaia sudden ouerreJ, I suppose.'3 'Ko one fences esoctiy whv Mrs. Gossa wtnt a^ay,:- said Kathleeu, thoughtfully, ' Zee isn't; easy to live ?K-jih ; but Mrs, Gossa br.d berne with, her far years, aad their fcuddeB psrlicjjwas rather strange.' 'Dca't bs rcoomaiEndirig aajbodv,'ad- ?slaed the ?sicEr. ' R must 1-2 a difticsiU post to fill. Bsttf r let her adrei-tise end find out tome one for hereelf.' ' Bat, papa, I really thick Vvs thought of a fit perecr/. There'a poor Mrs. SSaatsrtoa, you bcoty; I b&ve; bzea wanting to find her a home. She een't possibly go oa living with her msrried daughters ; t&ej;'ra all so very b£ci3y eff. And esc would bs go thsctfal ta get a titaaUoE !' Mr. Kethtrdal-i pushed a^jay his pajats acd sigbQcU ' I den't with to keep her out of a sltas iioc, KfttiJio,' te said. 'You must do what jou thick besf. Only I alleys bava a feslins ihstssnToie ictiaiary vrlih Z-s O3^5j- 'srer to Isa reneireS. l\g geed will conia of is ir it is ; she 13 no-; to be relied upon ig? a rccn-est.' 'De&r; tidpa. ihae willba no renewal 0° in iirBssoy. She raerely wants me to help he? a iiUlc. Indeed, I thick tfecra vrsa's 02 masU tlsse fcr ise to get intimate wi:h any one bz fore—-' Sfce paused viih a sof t blush aad Uid hot hood e&reisirg;'y ca the vicjy's arnj. Ha iicir.icA fne srntence wiih a saiiio. 'Before Carey claims ycu. Ho tells rae ti'.&t; 5Tr, Ecil vtiU ':e coming hctae ia 3 f art uigbt.' ' Yea ; SEd he'* vsry f st-gufae sljoa^oeri thirg. 1'iEveEC; mar-yo£ my Oi?n aSslrs to ihiaisrbcut, psp?, tli*t I'm qaite afraid cf beicg absorbed in self. I must raslly try to MT-sre a few thoughts for otlier people, mustn't 'Yes, dcaT;yes.:' Eisfscehaa grows more placid while; she wss zpcaking. 'Pco? Zo-,' Kslhleen contintird. 'it aiisost wonder tbst Sirs. Gasse could find it in her heart to leave her. I saw her the other day in ttw cMi-iage and thought Jaha looked more frsgus thau ever. They said she ?ens better, paps; bst it wass't a listing improvement.' ' Yon think sbe -sill oot live long, Kathie Yet she has akeacej- lastvd ic-zget thin poor Deltcont esnected.'1 'I think Ehe will never live to be old. I cannot picture her an old woman with chil« drea growing up to iaherii her wealth. Eer's is the most incomplete life that I have even known.' 'But, Kathie, why is it complete?' ' I ca&'s tell, papa, She has always been seeking fcr things that she could not find, Sho is hungry in fes mid9t of plenty, pooc with heaps 0} gold roncd her. Tftero 13 no bedy else who tas ever inspired me with such intense pity, and ytt I have seen suffering and poverty «'a tsa&y; fosss.' 'It was that pity which drew you towards fcer years eE0,'S9iaSIr.Nethsrda'.e,rauKagly, and tho shadow settled on his faca &gain.; ' Yes ; I was alvrsjs trying to fill that void ?Kitfcin her, 3nd always failing. Yet it was Eometbicg to have tried,' Sha looted up and mot {he deen tenderness in her father's eye?. lavolnnterily sh? rosa from her Ec-at, and bent ova him frith her cbeek reeting on his forehead. 'Ab, my Eathfr,' fas sai-?, in hia quist vcieo, 'tec good measure is waiting to bo poured iito your bcaom. tiovo never fails, iE ton! s gbEp?, to corse back to ths gfrer.' Meanwhile Zae Delraont hsd gone to her room, snd was ljing, oper.-eje3, while Bolton s&t; fceiirie her bed, reading aloud in a low mosctorp. But altbragh Bolicn read on with uof ailing ps^eacp, brr n-Istrrsa tossed and tamed spec tfce tjiHow, end ai lest curtly desired l-c s to leave eff . Then as the night advanoed eeo told trc Eald io sleep on a couch ia a corns* cf the rccai, 'I'm rfstlcfs ton'ghi,' ab° saH. '.tad I can't be left elone. Bat I shall bs better to-morscw. (To be continued. ) 