THE CHRONICLES OF EARLY MELBOURNE. HISTORICAL ANECDOTAL AND PERSONAL -(1835 .1851) NEWS SERIERS BY GARRY OWEN CHAPTER XXX11 Soldiers, cemeteries, pounds, and Apostles PRIMITIVE FUNRALS AND UNDERTAKERS (Continued.) The ghost stories were even much more un reliable, and though strickly perhaps they could not be denied a shade" of probability they had no fair claim to more. Who never a person (male or female) at all notable died, the body was hardly cold in the earth, when it was humiored the deseased appeared in some place or other; and though no person in sober sence was ever forthcoming to bear witness to the fact, the mystic canards obtained a large share of belief. John Batman, it was solemanely avered, perambulated his favourite hill at high twelve of every night, and coutinued beating the boundries until even after the first crow of cock. His ghost bip was effectually laid when in 1870, the levalling of the hill com menced, and he never troubled it after. Twice he was said baunted his venomons rival "Johnny" Fawkner, once at Pascoevale on the moonee Ponds, where J. P.F. resided for several years, and once Smith street, Collingwood, Fawkner's habitat for some time before he died. Fawkner, when the subject, met it with an indignantly denial. "Ho Ho I Take my word Batman wouldn't be much a fool to play me such a trick, even if he could ; and if he tried it on with me I'd make it warm for the fellow." The comfort able old house in Victoria parade, at the corner of Fitzroy street, we erected at a very early date for Mr Arthur Kemmis, one of the primi tive merchant'. He resided there only for a few months, when he died ; and i have heard it solemuly asseverated that the place was haunted uitd Mr (now Sir A ) Michle moved lnto it, and whilst there deliverd a lecture on Ghosts in the Melbourne Mechanical 'Institute! The presumed cause of the ghostley disaperance is the exorcising influence generated by the intellectual chemicals employed in the preparation of the lecture. There is a popular superstion amongst be lievers in tbe supernatral, viz,— that ghost paiticutarly affect places of divine worship and consequently the old churches St James, St. Frances, the Weasleyan Chapel (once where the bank of Australsia is Now) and the first Scots bank had, is vulgar belief their nightly disemboied visist and through the appearance of the several individuals who first officiated as clerks in these " holy places." Faint shimmering light?, it was said, used to be seen there, and whilst the attendant at the Roman athlic Church loudly intoned? a litany, the others exrocised their vocal powers in appropriate selections of hymnody The most searching enquiry, however. could never elicit anything but the vaguest hearsay testi. mony on the subject. It used to be also stated and belived by not a few, that a ghost would occasionally make a night-run ou the banks unlock the safes, roll out the cash on the counter, and amuse himself as a teller by rattling the gold, silver, and coppers, without ever paying or receiving any current coin the realm. The old Union Bank, at the north-west ocorner of Queen and Little Flinders streets, was reputedly the most often so patronised whilst it was under the management of the late Mr William Highett. In a conversation one day with him he assnred me that the only nocturnal disturbance he ever heard there was on an occasion when some depredators in the flesh displaced a number of bricks from the southern wall of the building, and would have succeeded in removing the bank safe with all the working cash, had he not been awakened by the noise made by the burglars, and ap peared inside on the spot in the nick of time to spoil " their little game" The early newspaper offices were particu larly susceptible of spirituous influance, even of a more ardent flavor than the distillation of a cen tery,? and it could not therefore be expected that such establishments should be disregarded in the spiritual world, The three primary journals — the Gazette, Patriot, and Herald, were consequentlly ghosted notwith standing the efforts of "the father of the Chapel attached to each, to banish such inscrutable influence. The Gazette office was near the now Union Bank in Collins street, and the haunter (or rather hauntes-) there was a white lady costumed in the style of an Irish Banshee, who was supposed to have " set her ' cap " (more properly her long undulating curls), at Mr George Arden, the sprightly, smart mannered, and pungent-penned Editor. But her modesty prevented her ever appearing when he was there. The newspapers then were bi-weekly ; so the editorial room was two thirds of its time, especially at night, deserted, It was then she appeard on the ( apis,) ? over- bauled Arden's writing desk, sat in his chair, and read his letters. A veteran compositor, known as " Jupiter" Brown, declared that he often saw her. He used to to be much about there at all hours, and she would glide quietly past him with as scant ceremony as if he had no existence, strike a light, not with a match box as now, but by dipping the top of a lucifer in a small acid bottle, the primitive mod quietly sit down, and set to work. He de clared he had often followed, with the determi- nation ot qnestioning the unbidden intruder, but when he arrived within talking distance? some spell gave his tougne such a twist, and so benumbed his brain, as to render him unable to carry out his intenstion. when afterwards asked to account for his repeated fainthearted ness be curtly and invariably answered with a latin quotation, the only one he was erver known to know or employ. " Obstupui, statcruetgue coma', etfaux faue- bus Infsit.? Old "Jupiter" often put me off with this illogical platitude, and, by Jove, it was my fixed conviction that, as there was a tavern known as the Imperial close by, where Brown was a frequent visitor, as Manerva is said to have sprung from the head of the Olympian Z»ue, so by the aid of Bacchus the White lady of Arden was the imaginary cerebral offspring of the Melbourne Jupiter :— The ghost of the Patriot office, sitmate rear- ward of the now Union Club Hotel, Collins street, was supposed to be the umbra of a compositor, fiist bullied and them discharged by the propritor, J. P. Fawkner, when he went on a bust, overdrank himself, got turned over into the Yarra, and drowned. To take it out of " Johnny " he watched his opportunity, penetrated to the limited pre- mises when the men were away, and made " pie " of everything within finger' reach. The disordered typo was often shown to Fawkner, who would get into terrible tantrum, and vow vengeaence on the dead man if ever he got hold of him, It ocourred to me that the pie was the confectionery of living hands, for Fawkner's irritable temperament often thrust him into hot water with everyone who had anything to do with him, and made him the frequent victim of unaseemly pratical jokes. To all newspaper office there is at tached a subordinate minisstering imp. desig nated the " Printer's Devil, ' and a diminutive specimen of this order of terrestriails was once connected with The Herald. He was " simply known as Charlie, and no one, not even hims elf, could tell his patronymic. How was a wee street Arab, picked out of the gutter when such animals were scarce— a stray lamb rescued from desititution by Cavenagh, the first proprietors and for his years was a smart, precocious use ful little fellow, One day he was killed by tumbling out of a baker' cart, wherein he was enjoying a free jaunt, and the sudden death Charlie was regretted by all his conperes?, old and young. There was in the office a very smart compositor, named Mullins.rather given to swiping, both on and off duty , soon aftar the boy's disappearance, Mullins on what were known as "pub nights . declard that the boy used to appear to him at frequent intervals. Mullins would star at his case, vow that the ghostling was right be fore him, grimacing and posturing, and then putting aside whatever he bad in hand, would rush to a neighboring tavern, and absorbing there a counter-irritant, return rerfreshed, and as he declared, all right for the time. THE HERALD office then comprised two detached cottages situated near the Little Collins street entrance to the Royal Arcade and I lately joined tbe establishment. One night I was up to my eyes with proof reading in the small not uncomfortable— editor's crib, when Mul ling staggured in for something I was correct ing. Looking up at him I asked, "Well, Jem, have you seen the devil to night ?" and I had no sooner done so than Mullins shook as if with terror, and pointing to the blazing wood fire in the corner, ex claimed, "look,sir, there he is, perched on the uppermont burning log. Look! look! how he thrusts. out his tongue and grins like a cat. Ah I there, he's off now and I hear him tramping about the place in every direction. Almost needless to say, I neither saw nor heard anything to alarm me; so I told the scared Mullins that the devil tramping was in reality the D. Ti-ing of certan >> spirituons influence poculiar to his system, and tis totally differing in flavour and small from the grave yard emanations by which he seemed to be posseased. The manifestations continued whilst Milllns remained on the herald, and when he left they evaporated with him the ghost of the so-much- talked- poor little printers devil was laid forever more. ( To be continued ) 