THE STORYTELLER. A STRANGE EXPERIENCE. BY AMOTO. I am about to relate the one extraordinary and inexplicable experience of my life. I shall not attempt to account for it. I 6hali simply narrate what occurred and leaTe my readers to choose their own explanation, if they can find any. 1 may state that at the time I was in. the enjoyment of my usual health, having, in fact, returned to town only a few days before from a three weeks' holiday in the country. As far as I know I have never had any hallucination or illusion of the senses. I have always been a confirmed dis believer in the supernatural and miraculous, whether in the old-fashioned form of ghosts, dreams, and haunted houses, or in the more modern manifestations of spiritualism, clairvoyance, and " thought reading." Most of my friends, indeed, regard me as an un? usually prosaic and matter-of-fact person, one unduly sceptical in demanding that state ments of an exceptional character shall be supported by the clearest possible evidence. With these few preliminary remarks I pro ceed to relate what was 1 will not say seen by, but made known to me, on a certain autumnal afternoon, in one of the busiest and most crowded thoroughfares of this city of Mel bourne. It was a dull calm day, in the month of May, and having nothing particular to do, I found myself walking alone up Elizabeth street on the right-hand side, with, the inten tion of turning up Lonsdale-street, round by Swanston-street, and eo back to Collins street, from where I _ had 'started. Why I chose this particular walk I am pnable to say. It is not specially attractive to me, and I had no reason that I know of for taking it. I was impelled by a seemingly casual and purposeless impulse to .turn iny face in that direction. The aay had been unusually warm for the time of year, and now, towardBfive o'clock in the afternoon, it was extremely close, not the faintest breath of air being perceptible. I strolled leisurely along, had passed the post-office, crossed Little Bourke-street, and was about half-way towards LonBdale-street, when it struck me that I would stop for an instant and compare my watch with tne post- office clock. I turned round, drew out my watch, glanced at it, end then looked at die clock. It was exactly five minutes to five. My own timekeeper was, two or three minutes last As I put the wateh back into my pocket I noticed a small terrier dog trotting briskly towards me along the pavement 1 was about to turn round and resume my walk, when all at once I _ became aware that an instantaneous change had come over the scene I had viewed but a moment be fore. Then the street was full of life, sound, and movement. Crowds of people were passing to and fro. Hen and women were going uito and coining out of shop doors. Caba and omnibuses were driving quickly up and clown the road... Dogs were boys were shouting. The air was filled with the usual iuuses of r thronged and. busy thoroughfare ' when the hour of posing draws near. ' 'What did I see now V JSrom where I«loocl,»short distance only fromthe Lonsdale-street corner, down to the railway station {yt we end of the Btreet* notaaoul w&s; to be seen.The rapid, ever, flowing .stream ol me^t a moment befor*, had filled the view bad. vanished as «u<3d<til$ and completely as though it hadney<er bcea. On xoad and pavement, at «hqp aoot #nd window, not a living being w»8 v«iJ3$/fc the faintest qound broke ^e,opp«^v» BUUr, ness of the air. I seemed jtoJ&ffafflpK; alone in ft dented W, tie one living thing amid a wilderness of buildings tenantless and empty. A strange feeling of mingled awe ana wonder came over me as I stood there looking down the well-known street, at the row of shops with their familiar names, the post-office tower and clock, the Bourke-street crossing but a little way below me, the rail way station at the end. But I was unable to move & single step. Where I had stopped but a moment before there I now Btood, fixed and motionless, as though rooted to the pavement And I felt that something extraordinary was going to happen. A strong conviction seized me that I had been singled out, though how or why I knew not nor at tempted to conjecture, as the sole witness in this city of Melbourne of a greater marvel than all its Btreets and buildings, its congregated multitudes, its incessant, never tiring energy, the numberless manifestations of the throbbing, human soul that animated the vast material fabric. I saw that the street had been cleared in a moment of its swarming inhabitants, and I felt that this had been done to make way for some l wondrous pageant that was about to be enacted. 1 looked and listened intently. Presently arose a faint, far-distant sound, a deep, indistinct hum, but whether it came from north or south, from east or west, from the sky abovt me, the earth beneath me, or the air around me, I was, as yet, unable to determine. Soon, however, it swelled, grew louder, )>ecame more distinct I could tell now that it came from the southern end of the street, near the railway station, and was slowly approaching. Then I was able to make out a strain of music, low at first, but every moment gaining strength as it drew nearer. And now Icould distinguish the slow, measured tramp of a vast multitude that filled the street, crowded the pavements, and, Burged in its onward march against the buildings on either side, likes the waves of an oncoming flood. I strained my eyesight to its utmost stretch, but could see nothing. The empty road, the cleared pavements, the deserted shops, were alone before me. The tramp of the vast crowd grew more distinct, the music burst clearer and louder upon my ear. I could make out now the strain that was being played by these J mysterious musicians. The rhythm was not that of a funeral march, and yet it irresistibly suggested that a funeral proces sion was passing along the street The measure was vague and indefinite, but in describably solemn and, mournful. A deep, slow, dirge-like strain would now and again give way to a burst of wild wailing, as though the hearts of the mourners were rent with unutterable woe. There were only these two motif's, one expressive of a sharp, piercing grief, the other the resignation of a deep subdued despair. But the music was ever changing in scale, and key, and har monic colouring. The tones of the instru ments, though with tome resemblance, were yet unlike those produced by any human orchestra. Never had I heard strains so thrilling and unearthly. Meanwhile, the invisible procession came steadily onward. I could distinguish amid the massive tramp of the marching multitude a sound like the half- suppressed sobbing of innumerable voices, and thought I could make out the shrill treble of women and children mingling with the more pre vailing bass of the men. I could tell now that the head of the procession had reached Bourke- street, and was crossing it Onward it came, and a feeling more of wonder than of dread seized me as the invi sible, intangible stream flowed past, and I knew that 1 was in the midst of that mys terious crowd Several times I almost fan cied I felt the touch of hands and the brush of garments, and once or twice I thought that a little child plucked at me as it toddled by. But these were clearly only the delusive imaginings of a mind overstrained in its attempt to grasp at and make sensible im pressions that had no real existence. If there was one conviction that I held with the most absolute certainty it was that this surging crowd, this mourning procession, * the musicians and all the funeral pomp and pageantry around me, were at an infinite distance away, belonged to some other and far-off world, a glimpse of which had in some unknown manner been granted to me and to me alone. I could almost imagine that I was standing with my ear at a telephone listening to the murmurs and whisperings of a world immeasurably remote from ours. As I stood there gazing into that visually empty space, which yet I knew was thronged with beings that seemed in some way akin to our human kind, an intense desire seized me to see and to know them. Who and what were they ? Whence came they, and whither were they going ? Why had they left their own mysterious world to enact this strange pageantry in the midst of our busy, commonplace, nineteenth -century city of Melbourne? One could understand that such a thing might happen in some ancient, old-world capital,whose silent grass grown streets, overlooked by decaying and. time-worn mansions and palaces, told of the faded splendour pf bygone ages, of the crimes ana wickedness of long-past centuries. But here, in this newest of modern cities, this yesterday's growth of brick and stucco, of shops and public-houses, the thing was monstrous, incongruous, incomprehensible, incredible. By what magic, too, had die streets and .houses been cleared in the twinkling of an eye of all their inhabitants ? Above all, why had I, sceptic that I.was, been chosen as the sole witness and recorderof this portentous marvel. These questions I could not help asking myself, though I knew full well that were my life to be prolonged beyond the utmost limit of cycle and aeon, they would never be .answered. Yet there were reasons for believing that these unknown beings bore some resemblance to our mortal race. The funeral processiont the band of mourners, the- vocal and musical utterance of grief and despair, showed that with them, as with us, 'there was an end to all things, that even in their far-away world death came as the crowning evil or the Bupreme good. ;. But the procession was moving on. And now I became awiate that the central point in the pageant was almost on a level with where I stood. The hearse, if hearse it was, towering and vast in all the panoply of mourning and drapery of death, was about to pass me. Again did I strain my powers of vision to their utmost in a vain endeavour to penetrate the 'veil that hid from riiy sight even the faintest outline ofthe passing show. Afcd once more did my fancy mock my sense with the'idelusion that I could discern ia Shadowy soflaething, colossal and sombre, proceeding with movement slow and polemh deserted street. At the Jdme m&meritBn; intejMe'cbUl wiz^^de,^k,of j| B^l^^^mM'^^entrated could save them from Bome terrible and im pending danger. Almost simultaneously with this heart-rending cry the music, which just before had been subdued and low, burst into a tremendous crash. Innumerable instruments suddenly opened their brazen throats and brayed forth their strident clamour, as though to drown and overpower the voices of the mourners. The storm of passion and fury of sound was at its height when, in a moment, it ceased. The unseen pageant had vanished, and the street had re. turned to its former aspect The first object that caught my eye was a small terrier dog trotting briskly towards me along the pavement In inconceivable amazement I glanced up at the Post-office clock. It was exactly five minutes to 5. Hurriedly I pulled out my watch. It was two or three minutes ahead of the official time. Half dazed and stupefied I looked up and down the street It was full of life, sound, and movement Crowds of people were passing to and fro. Men and women were going into and coming out of shop doors. Cabs and omnibuses were driving rapidly up and down the road. Dogs were barking, boys were shouting. The air was filled with the usual noises of a thronged and busy thoroughfare, when the hour of closing dLraws near. The change had again been instantaneous. But the funeral pro cession, the mourners, the musicians, now and where to had they vanished ? That cry of agonised grief, those Bolemn and piercing strains of music, yet rang in my ears. Judging by my present recollections, the pageant must have lasted half an hour, an hour, perhaps hours, at all events an appreciably long period of time. I drew my hana across my forehead. A cold sweat was upon it I shivered, and my legs felt so weak that I could scarcely stand steady. I went into a public-house close by, and asked in weak and faltering tones for a glass of brandy. I poured a little waterintoit,drankitoff,andputdown sixpence on the counter. I wasabouttogo when a sudden thought struck me, and I said to the girl in the bar; "Did you see anything particular just now m the street She looked at me rather closely and said, " Xo, was there any thing? I didn't see it" " Have you been long in the bar?" I asked. "All the afternoon," she replied. I saw the absurdity of my ques tions, and said, " Oh, no, I suppose it was nothing after all," and walked into the street Even then I could scarcely believe that every thing around me belonged to the real world. I seemed to have passed from a reality into a dream, and almost expected to find myself behaving in the erratic and incomprehensible manner that belongs to dreamland. It was several days before I thoroughly re covered from the nervous shock caused by this strange experience, and then I ventured to tell it to two or three medical friends. Of course, I knew beforehand what they would say. It was an illusion, my nervoUB system was out of order, a holiday would do me good. I ought, in fact, to abstain from all mental work for some "time. One friend, not a doctor, suggested that it was all a dream, that I had gone to sleep for an instant and had evolved the whole pageant in that brief period. I knew, of course, that time was no element in dreams, that any number of mental impressions may be crowded into a moment; but who ever heard of a man wide awake and walking the streets in broad daylight suddenly falling asleep and dreaming ? Whatever may be the true explanation, I think that this will hardly be accepted as satisfactory. For my own part I must confess that I cannot even imagine a possible explanation. I utterly re ject the notion that the thing was a delusion oi the senses. In nearly all cases of halluci nation, of which so many have been recorded, the patient has been subject to more than one visitation. Usually other symptoms of disorder in the brain or nervous system are also present But in my case the delusion, if 6uch it was, stands absolutely alone. Neither before nor since have I ever ex perienced anything of the kind. My con stitution and temperament are altogether opposed to such ailment Even when I have been suffering from severe nervous disorder, there has been nothing approaching to hallu cination of the senses. If not a delusion, then was it a reality? Had the pageant really been enacted before my sane and waking eyes ? Was it possible that the eternal and immutable laws of time and space had been for an instant suspended; that invisible beings from some other world, immeasurably distant or close at hand Impossible! the framework of my beliefs, which recognise no sphere beyond that of natural phenomena, is too firmly built up to admit of such a sup position for a moment But it may be said, perhaps, that I had no such experience at all, that the whole thing was a subsequent freak of the memory or imagination. My answer to this is that I have put the matter to the test in the only way that seems to me possible. Some little time after what I have narrated, accompanied by a friend, I visited the public house where I had the glass of brandy and obtained from the girl a complete confirma tion in every detail of (his part of my story. She recognised me at once, and said that my looks and the tone of my voice on the occa sion in 'question were so strange that she would never forget them. She hardly knew whether to think me mad or not It may still be said that this proves nothing as to the reality of what I have described, and I quite admit it As I said at the beginning, I have really no explanation to offer, nor do I believe that one will ever present itself that I shall be able to accept . I doubt not, however, I shall be believed when I say that I never walk along Eliza beth-stxegt, between the Post-office and the church of St Francis, without a strange nervousness coming over me, a feeling com pounded of hope/ fear, and expectation that something extraordinary is again about to happen. I can never again regard this part of the town as commonplace and prosaic. I no longer think of it as a mere collection of shops, public-houses, and cab- stands. To me it is a thoroughfare full of mystery and be wilderment, the scene of a reality or an illusion the like of which I never expect to witness again. 