Sunday Reading. !. Tlie; Gospel' in tile life* I am crucified with Christ: noverthelos* t live; yet not I, but Christ Hveth in mo; and tho Hfo which I now live in the. flesh I lire by the faith of the Son of dod,.who loved mo, and >rare himself for mo,—Goltt tiaos, it.; 2>. ; " . , - OUB golden text shows ns tho ground on which we can live tho life taught us in our lesson for to-day Paul is speaking of his own experience where ho says, ' I am crucified with Christ; nevertheless I live; yet not I, but Christ livcth initio- and the life which I how JivB in tho flesh Hive by the faith of the Son of God, who loved mo, an-i gave himself for me.M As crticified With Christ, We can havo no self life, and therefore can expect nothing from ourselves,- and God can expect nothing from us 1 To blame a dead man would bo absurd, to expect anything from him equally absurd. If we really, by faith, take th» plaes of death, and reckon ourselves not only condemned but executed on the Cross, in the body of Jesus, we shall then understand what it is to deny, or ignore, ourselves in every Bense, and acknowledge Jesus only. Paul knew, and fully entered into, this position of death, and consequently we. never find him consider- j ing how. things affected him, but always how i they affected Jesus; we find him never count ing on himself, but always on Jesus. When misjudged ha said, ' With me it is a very small thing to be judged of you, or of man's judg ment.* ;(X Cor. ir. 3). When, in prison, he did not feel any self-pity nor. any bitterness against the Koman Government; not. Paul lived; it,was Christ in him whoowngd that he was.1 the prisoner of Jesus Christ,' 'the pri soner of the J ord' (Kph. sii. 1; iv. I). When writing.from his prison, to the Philippiaos, in stead of grumbling thathe was restrained from preaching the Gospel, he saw the divino side. (Phil. i. 12-20^. His occupation in prison was as far from self consideration as anything could bo ; He wrote, to cbeer the very disciples who were out of Heart because of his imprisonment; and prayed suck prayers 'in the Holy Ghost' as might perhaps .never have been possible in the midst of bis activity .(ffph. iii: 13 20). In all this, wq see he ignored himself; living as though Ire was never to be thought of. and taring his very own place a» a member, and only a member of another body, another life— Christ. ' To' me to live is Christ' (Phil, i. 21), 'not I live, but Christ,* acd thus he was enabled to Bee all things from the divine side, all persons (himself included) from the divine standpoint Thus he knew that 'all things work together for good to them that love God.' Ma- Christians take tbi. stand, hut when they a e tried they leave the ground j of faith and recommence to recognise them selves instead of Jesus.. • The apostle James is very practical, and in our lesson he gives what might be considered practical directions for hading" a life crucified with Christ. 'Submit yourselves therefore to God,' i e., in every circumstance recognise God Is there some unexpected turn-in your business which may lead to ruin ?' Snbmit tb God; if He wants yon to be ruined, tben submit: you are His property,.and your .business too,if you are a consecrated man, and it is:worth the loss of all you have, to do or suffer the.will,of God. Has something arisen in the life of one nearly connected with you, which may appear to other Christians as though you were most inconsis tent in your teaching, and you have no piower to justify yourself, although your whole soul has been against it ? Well, jour Christian reputation belongs to God, if He wills it to perish, so long as you count it His, Ho has & right to dispose of it—submit to God. Has something occurred to bring your children into the very surround ings from which you have always shrunk, and you are powerless to help it? What then? jloes God Iotc those children less than you? Is His dosiro for their full salvation less than yours ? His, who died to save them ? submit to God; and leave tbo consequences to Him, counting Him able to keep them even in the fire. Aro you bindored from doiog that Chris tian work which has been your joy for years ? Submit to God; Ho loves souls a thousand tit:rs more than you do. Wherever He calls ius to truet Him in the dark, the consequences are'safe with Him, He canrot err. But we are to resist the devil or withstand tho devil. How ? Just by submitting to God. In every circumstance, the devil is ready to suggest, ' God demands such and euoh a thing of you ; now in such -circumstances you set* it is im possible.' And so ho will seek to bring God in guilty. Now when wo acknowledge God in everything; we withstand the devil, by stand ing oh ground where he cannot reach us. 8o long as persons and circumstances occupy us, we aro on ground which is open to Satan ; for wo leave our position &s; crucified with Christ, but as soon as our refuge is in God, wo are un assailable.It is thus wo 'draw nigh to God and He will draw nigh'to us. The apostlo next epeaks to the unreal, the double; minded, who, while claiming a position as God's children, seek also tho friendship of tho world.. James does not sparo such: 'Cleanse your bands, ye sinners; and purify your hearts, yo double-minded. Be'ofllicted, and .mourn, and weep; let your laughter bo turned to mourning, and your joy to heaviness.' There is no slipping into a deopor experience of God without going through humiliation. There are many who will come to Holiness Conventions, and patronise the speakers as though thojr would deceive both them and thomaclves into, the belief that becauso they ngrco with tho touching, thoy are therefore possessors of the experience. In the Christ life; death always prccodcs, for His is resurrec tion-life. /Xhcro must be a breaking down of the human, beforo there can really bo the divine. 'Bo afflicted' docs not m«-an, afilict thyself/- but '.Give in, when God afllicts thco, oWh thou .Art in tho wrong when God convicts Often.-the-'■liindiBnoe' to -JbW. tiy of the creature, it: m„ L self-lovs, « it . mayc be «elf./mfu may he » want of eiaetitude. ahont cmmmstanoss which will w"! °3 rery point, and it irjmt therelutfl!? "" Be afflicted, and mourn, and 'wem Hntnble yourselves to the-nato'IKi V ■ and He ehall lift you up.' Thank a **3 never wante to keep us' down, and onft ^ us to humble ourselves in order th.t n.®? u.lonumoie ounelvei in order that He £ lilt us up.' Jamernow reprorei eril ~«k? one of the moit common' aman. one OI tne moat common among the .in.J brethren. He hat .peaketh erilof hiabS and judgeth h,e brother speaketh evilrfS law, and yudgeth the Uw.' June, h„ brfj spoken of the rojal law, Uhou ahaltW ft th^''1Dd te B°» all the evil: speaking among Ohriatiana S v • °° i.C011 0 th« law of lore. '« this shall all men know thatye are My diicick1 if ye have love one to another* (John xiii. •" It "is not in-love that we epci evii"of wo£ and our ve^y words showus fain witnennd the law of love. Ai crurifiod with Cbik and seeing:, all ifom - Hi,- ,Una2 the ■ failing, of other, are the opporS to bring;, them in contact with qJ Jesue himaelf, who ' came not to judge tb world, but to eave the' world(Johntil«V 'aid, 'Judge not, that ye be not judged* (Mil vii. 1). Paul a aid,' Thou are ineiounble' 0 man, whosoever - thou art : that.i jndgMl'n Ohriat in us cannot judge, bnt aeeki to will; ,The Lord permits us: often to ,ee the fault j another, on purpose-that we. who know Hi power and love in lifting ua up, may lead the to know it aloo. To apeak .evil of them on result from tbo desire , to contrast ouraeha with them—a dear evidenoe that I lire ad not Ohriit in me—or from a fault-finding & position, which ia again a atrong evidence d self-life, 'There is one Liw-giver, who iaaKi to save'and to destroy, who art thou tlut judge,t another ?'• - r. ■ , The apostle next - speaks of. plan-makim without the recognition of the will of God Unbelief has discarded this deference to tb will of God in our -plans which we are hra taught, and - introduced it to neutnliie th prayer of faith. Thus;.we find - ChrUtm people -starting a new hniineu, if | suits them, - ■ without ' any -: refereno to the will of God , , taking journey,;- mtkhg engagements, spending money, or aceumuhtii| it, as the case may be, making acquaintance, building houses, &a;, without aecerteining tij will of God.< But when it comes to claimingi distinct promise which the Lord hu giro, they will introduce'If it be ThywilL' Ho, we believe .that if the will- of the- Lord wot deferred to in the entering into Ohriitian won, as is always the case with George' Muller, D, Oullis, Mrs. Ginever, Ac. theie woold be » more desperate appeals to, man-for mouij, because there would be a confident appeal ti God for help, not an 'if it be,' butbecame i is Thy will' When we are subject to theiB of Qod in any of our undertakings, we are a willing to give them up a» to carry them o4 should the Lord show it to be Hie will, ani thus subject,-He makes His will clear tea But the very common prayer,'Lord do tdiis,if it be Thy will precludes. the i p» eibility. . of ■ faith, .we know, ,-withoc praying at all, it will be as He, *ilii, and tin prayer beojmes unrcaL Again ;We , come bid to the crucifixion .with Christ, if lamcrucifid with Christ,- then my will is orucified, not nj will lives, but Christ's will lives in me. Ohriit did nothing of Himself (John v. 30),.but only carried out His Father's mind and will (Ida xiv. 10). Christ in us can have no choice, cm desire nothing but to know .the Father'# -wil and do it, and therefore can do nothing with out deferring to God; choice about anything shows clearly that wo live, and not Christina Thus James teaohes us that it is becoming ti say, ' If the Lord will,, we 'hall live, and di this or that,' and that any rejoicing in our o*i boasting is evil. ' Therefore to him that know eth to do good, and doeth it not, to him A I sin.' Most lovingly doea God show us hen that ho does not condemn, us for lack of knot ledge which we*'do not yet possess _ As wi walk near to God, light is ever on the inoresss, it is ours to live in aU the light we hare. I What a Billion ii —What is a billion? lip o French »ystom of notation, which is alsqpl ed in the United Stales; it is a thousaoc1|' illi -n. But the Knglish system gives the llion to a million milliou. The word is wedj th#« latter sense in this article, rir Henry ?*temer, the famous inrentor, who is in lb* .bit of occupying his leisure with curions csh' lotions for the amusement of his grand' ildren, triod to convoy some idea of tbeia' enetiy exprossed in this little word. Eeteol successively as a measure of time, of length, d of height • electing the second as the unit be used in his first calculation, he begin ith the startling assertion that a bidion conda have not, yet elapsed since the com* encementof I ho Ohristian era-nor, indeed, en a sixteenth part of that number. A billioq conds make 31,(187 years, 17 dars,'22 hoart, > inmutcB, and S seconds, in regard to nglh, ho chose for his unit the ifngllib vereign, a coin of tho size of a balf etgle A lain of a billion sovereigns would be long lough to pass seven hundred and siitj-thres mee around the globe; or, supposing all these una laid sido by side, eaoh in conUct with iti lighbour, it would form about the earth* dden zone fifty-six feet six inches wide; Thjj mo chain, were it stretched out straight, would ako a lino a fraction over 18,328,415 miles in :tont. For meuturiag height, Sir Hewy lose for a unit a single sheet of iat hpon which the London Ttme* is printed -measure of about one three hundred thirty* lird'of an inch in thickness. A billion of th«# un sheets, prossod out fiBt and piled vsrticali? each other, would attain thealtituaow •seven thousand throe hundred and wry' r-seven I t miles. 