THE JULY REVIEWS. la the Nineteenth Century Mr. Swinburne lakes the lead with what, I suppose, he calls A ballad, " On a Country Road," in praise oi our Father Chaucer, in which the thirty-six lines have only three rhyme endings, and in which "Apt alliteration's artful aid" is very affectively brought in.' Mr, Herbert Spencer's reply to Mr. Harri Eon's attack on the " Ghost of Religion" is .entitled "Retrogressive Religion." Only Inwards the close does Mr, Spencer notice Sir James Stephen's more recent article. The Comtest syBtem of worshipping the f Great Being Humanity," considered ss a whole, and having saints'days, and dedicated wceks'and months for special good and heroic men and women, is like a reversion to the ancestor worship out of which Mr. Spencer 1 supposes all religion to be evolved, and the imposition by Comte of a selection of books, to be studied,* and a new calendar of saints to be reverenced and invoked, is a specimen of Papal assumption on the part of a leader who in his. life time was unrecognised, but who dreamed of swaying races inborn with his convictions and his fancies. Humanity, whatever ite possibility in the future may be, and there Mr. Spencer is sufficiently hopeful, is not at present the holy humanity of the Comtists. ''The infinite and eternal energy from which all things proceed will continue , to be an object of religious sentiment; there will survive, after all scientific analysis and ex planations have done their utmost, the con sciousness of a mystery that cannot be fathomed and a power that ia omni present." Sir Samuel Baker writes ' on "Egypt's Proper Frontier," with a map defin ing it; and Mr. Edward Dicey treats of the "Surrender of Egypt," both levelled against what they call the half-measures of the present Government. The extraordinary attitude of England in assuming the Bupreme control over Lower Egypt, but repudiating all connection with .the Soudan, appears in the worst light to Sir Samuel. He believes in tbe resources of the Sondan, and in his idea of the proper frontier he includes all Nubia and a portion of what in old mapB is Abyssinian. A thousand miles is- the greatest length, and the breadth varies from three to six hundred. On this territory good government and European capital would make the supposed desert rejoice and blossom like the rose. One would think India is enough for us to be absolutely responsible for. Mr. Dicey's article is still more bitter against the Gladstone Government, and he concludes with the reflection that whoever may be the Ministers who may succeed to the inheritance of the present Government, it is utterly impossible for them to make a greater mess of the whole Egyptian busi ness than Mr. Gladstone has done already. Sir E. A. Cross, on "The City of London Livery Companies," tells us that the report of the Koyal Commissioners estimates their income at something under £800,000 and the capital value of their properties at£15,000,000. He writes in defence of the Companies and against the strictures that have been passed upon them. Messrs. Gurney and Myers" continue their papers on the,occult in a paper on " Visible Apparitions," dealing with phantoms of the living brought into visible shape by the thought of some absent person, to which they give the name of telepathy. The anecdotes are very curious and apparently well authenticated. The Rev. J. N. Dalton, who accompanied the Princes as their tutor when they visited Australia, writes on the Federal States of the world, giving a good deal of valuable information on the con stitution of Germany, Austria, Switzerland, Canada, and the United States. We see an offer, or rather Mr. Moodie's offer, of a South Australian corps of volunteers for the Trans vaal, and the Victorian offer of gunboats for Suakim, and the Canadian offer of 10,000 J men at the time of the Turco-Russian war bracketed together to show the loyal spirit of colonists; but yet Mr. John Morley says it would be a happy day for the Peace Society that should give the colonies a veto on Imperial war. Mr. Walter S. Sichel writes a literary article on the " Letters of Heinrich Heine," the great satirist interpreter of his epoch. Every great revolution is social order is preceded by such a one. Aristophanes, Juvenal, Rabelais, Cervantes, and Voltaire broke the ground for active iconoclasts. When the years 1830, 1840, and 1848 inaugurated the campaign, not yet extinct, for social equality and political rights, there responded the Jewish irony, the Greek culture, and, above all, the German poetry of Heinrich Heine. Heine himself says he did not read Byron, because they were too much akin; he pre ferred to read what was different. Mr. Sichel says Byron was a stubborn protest against his age; Heine was its most sen sitive mirror. " I am positive I have a soul," he writes to Moser. "I am doomed to love what is most degraded | and most foolish. Imagine how that must pain a man who is proud and very intellec tual." Our writer considers that his career is the moBt powerful history of the materialistic movement yet offered to the world. He was intensely German and intensely Jewish, with weak nerves and strong passions; but what an artist he was! There is a lack of sym pathy on the part of the critic which takes from the value of this interesting paper. Mr. Henry George writes in reply to the Duke of Argyll on the "Reduction to Iniquity," contending that the iniquity lies on the part of the landowners and not on the part of the land nationalizes. In the Contemporary Mr. Henry Dunckley (Verax) opens with a temperate and timely article on "Egypt, Europe, and Mr. Glad stone." The present crisis is too much re garded as one in which only England, Fiance, and Egypt are concerned. But it is a Euro pean crisis, and involves the widest issues. It is a crisis which has been long foreseen, though not in the form which it has actually assumed; it is the climax of the intrigue and international by-play of half a century. It occurs in a form peculiarly advantageous to England should she have the strength to re sist [the temptations it offers, for France is willing to merge the rivalry of the two Powers in a European agreement which will give us all we want. "We might do more, and keep possession of Egypt, reconstruct it according to the advice so easily given, and stand between the fellaheen and the cour bash" say the Opposition. " Why should Mr. Gladstone pursue a vacillating half • and • hall policy ?" For the simple reason that he was left the legacy of another policy that could not be suddenly abandoned without breaking engagements with other Powers. But he has tried to modify It. He has abstained from every step which might commit us to a permanent occupation of Egypt, He has done everything in his power "to maintain'the authority'of the'Khedive. He has resolutely refused to take the Go vernment of Egypt into *onr hands; he has sought to create a native army'to maintain order when our troops are . withdrawn. His aim has been to make Egypt strong enough to stand alone. Even in its partial failure this policy is worthy of admiration. Lord Beaconsfield and Lord Salisbury would not have failed, for they would not have tried the experiment. The principles on which Mr. Gladstone is acting received the sober approval of a large majority of the nation four years ago. How, not only his opponents, but a large number of hie supi>orters blame him for not setting these principles aside. Mr. Herbert Spencer's paper on the great political superstition "of the right Divine of Democratic parliament to interfere with personal liberty, rights, and consciences," is well-reasoned, forcible and clear. He repeats and emphasizes his old assertions with regard to the rights of majorities in Joint-stock Companies, in municipalities, and in nations, that the members are bound to submit to the will of the majority in all matters concerning the fulfilment of the objects for which they are incorporated, hut in no other. 