CORRECTING FORTUNE. (Saturday Review.) " I don't believe there is a single offence that I have not committed," said an undergraduate once, as he owed a whole wine party with examples of his knowledge of life. There was a respectful silence ; then a' small voice asked, " Did you ever cheat at cards?" With shame and blushes the fanfare of vice came down from his bad eminence, and owned that he had never cheated at cards. This is, indeed, the very lowest depths to which civilised man can descend, and he seems at present to reach the Abyss pretty often. No one can defend a man who has cheated at cards ; the only estimable person who ever did so was the Chevalier des Grieux, and he had the one constant excuse for his conduct admitted by tell admirers of Manon Lescaut. The case of the Chevalier must be placed on one side in that world of random morality to which Charles Lamb good humouredly consigned the comedies of "the Restoration. No, a man may do many shady things ; his accounts may be difficult to unravel ; he may decline to fight a duel in a foreign country ; he may find that urgent private business ' calls him to (Europe when his regiment is '] in the Soudan or Nova Zembla, and people will ¡Mitkeewcuses for him. But he really must wot cheat at cards. As the whole world seems in a gamble some humour, while clerks' play Napoleon in railway carriages, and puff. clubs explode in every direction, it may be as well to point out that gambling has two inevitable owls men don't pay, and men take to ckstting. The former disaster always occurs as soon as "paper" is admitted as a legal tender over the green baize. When I.CT.s accumulate sport decays firm friends quarrel, and a club or a loo-playing set at college breaks up in confusion. Some of the members become suddenly scrupulous, and explain to their unconverted companions in iniquity that they think it wrong to waste money in the payment of obligations which it was sinful to incur. This kind of thing is not pleasant, "but it is less unpleasant than the habit of correcting fortune. The pigeons of this world are not unsoiled doves ; but the pigeons are better than the rocks, into which, by a familiar process of ornithological differentiation, unknown to (Darwin they are apt to develop. A very fine rookery has just been discovered, according to the newspapers, in a Parisian club, in the Rue Royale. Most French clubs exist merely for the purpose of gambling. Their sacred hearth is the long green baccarat table, with that pit in the middle which has so often proved " a nice opening for a young man." From dusk till dinner time, from dinner- time to dawn, bankers are giving cards, or performing the act of sabotage (unexplained by Little), while the ghost of Banco perpetually walks. At the club in the Rue Royale the game of quinine (which we regret to say that we are practically unacquainted with) seems to be more popular than baccarat. While the sport of crime was in full swing one of the players thought he saw, or felt, something odd in the cards. Apparently, the point of the game is to make fifteen, as the object in baccarat is to make nine or nearly nine. This in- quisitive player continuing his researches found by a " comparison of instances " worthy of Bacon that the court cards and fives were marked. This could scarcely be regarded as fortuitous, but rather showed clear proofs of design. The court cards had been pricked at the corners, the fives at the corner and in the centre, with a needle dipped in a solution of gum arabic Now in clubs of this kind the cards are usually supplied by one of the servants, who is also a sort of banker to the establishment. For the convenience of players he changes bank- notes or paper into counters of a recognised value, and these, counters are redeemed at the end of the play. The card-room servant has also been known to cash cheques, and perhaps to lend money to the leaves. Thus the functionary gets an unhealthy sort of importance, and has opportunities which he appears to have abused at the club in the Rue Royale. In the great club staged, at Nice some years, ago, when an Englishman of good family was found out in.-bheatiiig, his system was we believe, to deal with carefully arranged packs procured from one of the club servants The ordinary pi occasions of cutting and shuffling had no effect on those packs, " with which, as the Ilentvife says to the ; Queen in the Irish tale of the "Black Thief," "I do not think you can lose." Now, at the club in the Rue Royale a number of packs of cards and some £4000 worth of securities payable to bearer" were found under the bed of a servant. Here is a plot ready made for RI. For and du Boisgobey. The club servant ; is doubtless a profligate Marquis in a make-up " he has introduced into the club (while he was still a member of it the chief of a band of brigands who wins with the marked cards furnished by the Marquis. Can any scene be finer than that in which the hero unmasks and pulls the powdered wig of the whiskers of the made-up " foot- ' man, proving that he is " no water but " the long lost Marquis de Kerighan in disguise." The question is whether it would be necessary for the hero afterwards to fight the Marquis, in whose veins runs some of the ? bluest blood in Brittany. Perhaps matters have not been quite so romantic in real history but it remains certain that, if there was a felonious servant, there must also have been a felonious accomplice, actually a member of the club. In one of M. Chavetté's states, the cheating is done by a hero who has such enormous hands that no one can -see what is going on behind them. Yet even he has to concede grate, and a confederate is necessary, we think, to any gentleman who wishes to correct fortune. He may, or may not, be a servant or disguised as a servant. Having a remarkably fine eyesight and a great natural aptitude," says Mr. Barry Lyndon, ?" I was speedily able to give my dear uncle much assistance against the opponents at the green table." Mr. Lyndon goes on to observe, and members of the club in the Rue Royale should note his noble indigna- tion, it is only the clumsy fool who cheats, who resorts to the vulgar expedients of cogged dice and cut candy," or tattooed areas, we may add. It is not so very hard to detect accord which is only " correct" in an immoral sense. "Such a man adds Barry, " is sure to go wrong some time or other." So is the person who, playing without a confederate, stuffs his sleeve after the manner of the heathen Chinee. "Every- thing successful is simple. If I wiped the dust off a chair, it was to show that the enemy was strong in diamonds ; if I pushed it, he had one king ; if I said * Punch or wine, my lord 1 ' hearts was meant; if I said 'Wine or punch?' clubs." It was only from tearing Frank Punter Dawn thrice when the chevalier held the age of trumps that Mr. Lytadon knew Greek had met Greek when Lord Deuceace encountered De Barbara. M without a confederate the new fashion- able game of baccarat does not seem to offer many chances for the Greek. He may carry nines concealed about his person, but this sort of cheating requires very great skill in sleight-of- hand. Only a " sneak thief," as the Americans say', would sink so very low as to put his stake half on and half off the We, and withdraw it when he lost. The plan of dealing over a large, highly polished! silver cigar-case is good, but old. Of course the cigar-case shows the dealer in its burnished surface what cards he is giving the players, and he knows better whether to stand on his own hand or not. According to a competent authority, while there is no game at which one may not be cheated at cards one may be cheated in from fifteen to twenty different ways. One gallant gambler played against a Greek, and his friends warned him that he was being duped. He answered in a loud voice, " Monsieur riche.' mais je le with her qua monsieur riche! Settlement it is convener gue cheque for queue le presiding, je marquees in point J This was, indeed, a sportsmanlike handicap, and argued a great love of the game in the player, and a cynical indifference to the character of an antagonist. The tale of the old General in a country town is also good, though rather well known. This veteran cheated habitually a not execrably. It was thought " good form " to take no notice of his exploits ; but one day a smart civilian, a stranger to the club, observed, "Why, General, von are cheating !" "" Yes, sir," said the General, who stammered dreadfully ; " yes, sir, I know very well I'm cheating ; but I d-d-d-don't like to be ten-fold is a remark to which there is no very obvious repartee. A splendid failure to cheat was that of the French Greek. No one had suspected him, he usually won some DO hours every time he took the bank and on one occasion he left the theatre at Nice in the middle of a play and went on to the club. There he took the bank, won on mi eight and on a nine. Then he offered to " give cards ;" his opponent accepted, and the banker laid down a card marked THEATRE FRANCOIS DE Sicrj. It was the ticket of readmission in case he had wanted to go back to the play. Obviously this could not have formed part of a normal pack, and as obviously the banker had taken it out of his pocket by mistake. On the whole, the moral of cheating at cards is that expressed by Mr. Barry Lyndon : " Such a man is sure to go wrong some time or other and my advice to people who see such a vulgar person at his pranks is, of course, to back him while he jJltvys, but never, never to have anything to do with him. 