WESLEYAN DISTRICT MEETING. The sessions of the twenty-second annual meeting of the Goulburn District Committee were begun in the Lecture Hull, Goldsmith street, on Tuesday, 21st October, at ten a.m. The following ministers and preachers on trial were present:---- Revs. R. Sellers, F. Tait, C. Olden, T. R. McMichael, J. W. Moore, G. A. Reeve, T. Northcott, W. H. Hall, B.A., T. Parker, and J. Parker. The Rev. C. J. Prescott, B.A., of Sydney, on invitation, took a seat in the meeting. After devotional exercises, in which Revs. F. Tait and C. Olden took part, the chairman delivered a short address of welcome. The district having been divided by the last conference, and Wagga Wagga being the head of the new district, a telegram of congratulation was sent to the chairman of that district, to which a suitable reply was received. The following officers were elected, viz.: ---- Rev. C. Olden, secretary, with Rev. G. A. Reeve assistant secretary; Rev. T. R. McMichael, district secretary of Sunday-schools; Rev. J. W. Moore, reporter to the press. The hours of session were fixed at from 10 to 12.45, and from 2.30 to 5. The usual examination of charactor took place, with the usual result. The Rev. R. E. Bellhouse having died during the year, an obituary notice was read and adopted, and several testimonies were borne to the ability, zeal, and fidelity with which he had discharged the func- tions of a Methodist minister. The following resolution was passed---- " This meeting desires to place on record its high appreciation of the character and work of Brother Bellhouse. We recognize, with gratitude to God, the purity of his life, the kindli- ness of his spirit, and the ability, zeal, and fidelity with which, notwithtstanding much physical suffer- ing, he performed the work of a minister among us; and we would express our sense of the loss which the Methodist Church in general, and the district in particular, has sustained by his early removal." A letter of sympathy enclosing the above resolu- tion was sent to Mrs. Bellhouse. The meeting agreed to recommend that T. R. McMichael, who has been a supernumerary for the past year, be again employed in regular work. The following proba- tioners continue on trial :---- W. A. Hall, B.A., and Thomas Parker, who will have travelled two years at the ensuing conference, and Jos. Parker, who will have travelled one year, at the ensuing conference. The book lists of the probationers were read, who were subjected to a written examination, Mr. J. Parker excepted. Mr. Samuel Upton, having preached a trial sermon and undergone an oral ex- amination in theology, was unanimously recom- mended to the ensuing conference as a candidate for the ministry. Permission to attend conference was given to Revs. Olden, McMichael, Moore, Reeve, Hall, T. Parker, and J. Parker. It was decided to hold the next District Meeting in Goulburn on the third Tuesday in October, 188o, at 10 a.m.; the financial meeting next day. FINANCIAL AND GENERAL BUSINESS. The meeting for the transaction of financial and general business took place on Wednesday morning, 22nd instant. The Secretary read a portion of Scripture, and prayer was offered by Rev. T. Northcott and Mr. H. Saxby. There were present---- Revs. R. Sellers, C. Olden, J. W. Moore, T. R. McMichael, G. A. Reeve, W. H. Hall, B.A., T. Parker, and J. Parker, and Messrs. W. Davies and J. W. Wombey (Goulburn), H. Saxby (Gunning), C. Hourn (Young), and J. Clements (Crookwell). The hours of session fixed the day before were accepted. The meeting recommended that the Queanbeyan and the Cooma and Bombala Circuits be relieved from their obligation to take married ministers for another year. The statistical returns for the dis- trict were read, and a long conversation followed on the state of the work of God. These returns show an increase of 35 members and 25 on trial. The Sunday-school Secretary brought up his report, which showed an increase all along the line. The following resolutions were adopted:--- "This district meeting respectfully calls the attention of the Conference to the urgent need that exists for alterations in the schedules of Circuit Returns, which are sent into the District Meetings, and the general returns published in the Minutes of Con- ference ; and we recommend the following alterations and additions: ----- 1\. The small schedules sent to superintendents of Circuits should be uniform with the schedule Appendix C in the minutes of conference, 1884, with the following exception--- the column headed thus: " Catechumens or in Select Classes" to read "In Junior Society Classes." 2\. That the S. S. schedule be printed in the minutes of conference, and that as far as possible it should correspond with the schedule referred to above." "That this meeting, while expressing thankful- ness to God for the increase in the number of members during the year, feels that such an increase is altogether inadequate when we take into con- sideration the wonderful spiritual resources of the church. In our judgment greater prominence should be given to the great doctrine of Christian holiness, and to those other doctrines which the Holy Ghost specially uses in the salvation of souls, such as the evil of sin, the total depravity of the human heart, the need of conversion, the atonement and intercession of Christ, and the power of the Holy Ghost. We also feel the need of more vigor- ously engaging in evangelistic and home mission work and the employment of all our members in some department of Christian activity." Representatives.---- To Stationing Committee and Conference---- Rev. C. Olden. To Distribution Com- mittee---- Rev. J. W. Moore, and Messrs. A. Davies and H. Saxby. During the year the following buildings have been erected :---- A weatherboard church, Thornford, in the Goulburn Circuit, at a cost of £100; a brick parsonage at Bowral, at a cost of upwards of £1000. The Bangalore Church, in the Goulburn Circuit, has been repaired and improved at a cost of £67. A weathlerboard church, on stone foundation, is in course of erection at Nimitybele, in the Cooma Circuit, at a cost of £160. The meeting recommended the sale of two (2) acres of land connected with the parsonage in the Young circuit, the proceeds to be devoted to the removal of the debt on the parsonage. The following grants were recommended :---- To circuits, £222 9s; to church and parsonage, £110; on account of furniture, £85, on the usual condi- tions. A resolution re trusts in arrears was passed, requesting defaulting trusts to pay up as soon as possible. The following resolutions were passed: ----- EVANGELISTS. "This meeting recommends the employment of one or two suitably-gifted probationers to work as evangelists in the various districts of N. S. Wales, and that they be under the direction of the president of the conference." LOCAL OPTION. "This meeting, rejoicing in the growth of local option principles in N. S. Wales, expresses its determnination to use all legitimate means to obtain full local option throughout the colony, and to resist the effort to open the public-houses on Sunday; and it urges upon all persons connected with the Methodist Church in the Goulburn district to identify themselves with the temperance move- ment." Votes of thanks were passed to the chairman, the secretary and assistant secretary, the secretary for Sunday-schools, the reporter for the press, and the friends who had kindly entertained the ministers during their stay in the city. The sessions were brought to a close in the usual way on Thursday afternoon, 28rd instant, at about 5 o'clock. On the invitation of Mr. and Mrs. Davies, the ministers spent a very pleasant evening at their residence on Tuesday last. 