RELIGIOUS SUBJBCTS.-BOfiS AGAIN*. TO THE EDITOR OF THE COURIER. Sm,—Seeing you have admitted to yonr columns what appears to be some vital,queries affecting the creature man, and IeBt none should take up tbe subject I will as beBt I may reply in as few words aa.I can. "Boreas" first asks "How can a man knowhiB Bins are forgiven." I answer, quoting John ill., 7, "Ye must be born again." Johni., 13— " Which were born, not of blood, nor of the will of the flesb, nor of tbe will of man, bnt of God. 1st Epistle John, iil_, 14—"We 'know tbat we have passed from death nnto life because we love the brethren." Having this living, indwelling sign We koow our sins forgiven, 2nd. What is meant by ths witness of the spirit. (Romans, vlii., 1) There Is, therefore, now no condemnation to them which Me in Christ Jesus, who walk not after the fiesh, but after the spirit. The new man of grace, having lust the spirit of bondage, gendering fear and death, or working to obey the law In order to obtain life, comes to the working of the spirit in verse 13—a working from life by the Holy Ghost' at the new birth imparted. The same spirit in all tbe brethren witnessing with each other testifying they have life, and are not by good deeds seeking it. Having, then, tba works of the Spirit. Galatians v., 22-Love, jar. peace, long-suffering, gentleness, goodnes*, faith/ &c.; They know they have the direct wit. ness' of the Spirit. 3rd. Upon what Scripture do these doctrines rest? Psalm xsv., 14—" The secret of the Lord is with them that fear Him, and He will show them His covenant."- Proverbs xxvif., 19 —"As in water, face answereth to face, so the heart of man to man." Proverbs ix , 1—" Wisdom bath builded her house, she hath hewn out ber seven pillars." Thus Wisdom, or Christ Jesus, enstains all truth on Him and His Word, only they rest immovable. 4tb. What precautions can a person take to avoid self-deception? 2 Cor. xiil., 5—"Examine yourselves whether .ye be in the faitb; prove your bates." 5th. InBomans viiL, 16, ooea the orgmal imply two concurrent testators, or a testator and a testates? 1st -John iii-, fl—"Whosoever is bora of God doth not commit sin, for this seed remaiceth In him and he cannot sin, because be is born cf God." 1st Peter i., 23—" Beinftbom again, not of corruptible Beed, but of incorruptible, by the word of God, which liveth and abideth for ever." Tbns the-Holy Ghost teaches not two but ono testator and testifier. In, to, and for, Ood's sons and daughters both to will and do of his good pleasure. Thus we are all one in Corist, tbe bead of the body —the church.—'Yours,&:., ORIENT. 