OjB'JMßNJU. METRO. MR. E. G. S. HARE has been appointed a notary public for this colony. IT is reported that L »rd Pipon'a services in the- day Mt) to be rewarded with a dukedom. AT the periodic ii auction of pearl shells held in London on October 16 five hogsheads Fremantle were sold - defective wormy, £4 lost. to £4 17s. 6d. CAM vis WHALLEY the late member for Peterborough, has been committed for trial at the Hammersmith Police Court on a ch iron of steel l a wine, plate, and yellower, worth, 3007., the pro perty of a lady in South Kensington. medalist. Lord. Spencer has threatened to resign the Lord Lieutenancy of 1 Ireland unless the Government show a very determined front in resisting the attacks of the Irish members on the Irish Government. IT is stated that as soon as the Franchise Bill I has passed through the House of Commons, i ' Royal message may be sent to Parliament requesting that a provision may be made for Prince Albert Victor of Wales. When the message is considered, it is affirmed that Mr. Gladstone will move that the young Prince's allowance shall be fixed at ) 5,0002. a year. THE following passengers left England for this colony on the dates named : per P. G O. Co's steamer Valetta (Oct. 23) Rev. John Kay and Mr. and Mrs. Birrell ; per steamer leaving London, Nov. 6-Mr. Lodge, Mr. Mayer and Mr. J. W. Hackett ; per steamer leaving London, Nov. 20 Mr. F. S. Satterthwaite. We notice that Mr. E. H. Wittenoom was booked for Adelaide by the Valetta, which left on Oct. 23. Otra advices from Singapore with regard to the state of the sandalwood market continue unfavourable. Little or nothing has been doing in the way of clearing off stocks, and it was estimated that when the last mail left Singapore (Oct. 37) there was not less than 700 tons of wood awaiting sale, and, apparently, held back for higher prices. The local market was also well supplied with horses, and further shipments were not recommended, for the present. THIS week's Gazette contains a copy of a circular despatch received from the Secretary of State, accompanying a copy of the Queen's hook , (' More Leaves from the Journal of a Life in the Highlands'), wearing Her Majesty's" and Saph signature. Lord Derby says: "Her Majesty desires that this book may be placed in the Legislative Council Library, as evidence of Her Majesty's interest in that institution, and I of her belief that this record will not fail to be appreciated by her subjects in Western Australia." THE old West Australian horse Has Blanc did not give a very good account of himself at the autumn race meeting of the Singapore Sporting Club last month. He ran in several races but did not succeed in getting quite to the front in i any of them. He ran second, however, in the Grand Stand Purse, a handicap, distance a mile and a half J and he came in seCond alsd in the Maharajahs Purse, a hurdle race though he had never before competed in such a race. He was the favorite at the start, but, in the preliminary gallop he twice struck the top rail of a ! hurdle; and fell, which spoilt his chance of winning. LAST Tuesday afternoon, a carrier named Drew, while assisting to unload one of the timber tracks at the Perth railway station, suddenly fell, owing to the shifting of, the timber on which he stood, and the back of His head came in contact with the wood, which inflicted a Very nasty cut. The unfortunate man was completely stunned for awhile j he was put into use cart, and taken to the hospital, where the wound was attended to, and found to be of a less seri A ous nature than was at first supposed. This is the third accident in which Drew has figured with results more or less serious to himself, during the past three months. THE following musical services will be performed in St. George's Cathedral to- morrow : Morling : Venite, Woodward, in B flat ; ie Deum, Lcuigdon inFt Moseley in D minor t Benedictus, Rnaseir in G hymn, of 5 Kyrie Rogers in D ; Hymn, 22. Evening : Psalms, Battishall, in A, Crotch in F ; Cantate Domino, Cooke in G ; Deus Mtsereatur, Boyce in D ; Antbeut a Hear my Prayer,' (Kent) 5 Hymus 230 arid so. Voluntaries-Oollection, Andante, (Mendels- sohn) ; ' Let none despair,' (from Handel's Her- cules) ; Gloria in excelsis, (Pergolesi) ; I waited for the Lord, (Mendelssohn) ; Quomam Tu Solus (lightly Prelude and fugue, B flat, (Bach.) ¿.CCoi/toN'o" to the finding of the Board appointed to enquire into the circumstances connected with the recent stranding and loss of the brig Greyhound at Hamelin harbor, near Cape Leewin, the casualty was unavoidable. Every precaution, previous and subsequent to the stranding and breaking up of the vessel appears to have been taken by the master (Capt. Prescott to ensure the safety of his ship and to prevent her going on shore, and the Board therefore do not think it necessary to institute any formal charges in the matter. His Excellency the Administrator has notified that he sees no reason to interfere with this finding of the Board. THE European Mail says : " Governor Weld, who is now on a visit to this country, was feted on Oct. 7 by the merchants connected with the Straits Settlements. The dinner appears to have been a semi-private one, for no report of the proceedings has appeared, and, not having received an invitation, we are unable to say whether any of his old New Zealand, Western Australian, or Tasmanian friends were present. We are told, however, that Major-General Sir Harry Ord, R.E., who has served as Governor of Western Australia and the Straits Settlements, and Colonial Sir Andrew Clarke, another Straits Settlements Governor, whose name will ever be remembered in connection with the defences of Australia, were present, and that a very pleasant evening was spent." IT will he observed by advertisement in another column that the National Mutual Life Associa | tion has opened a branch office in Perth, for the transaction of the general business of the institution. Commodious offices have been secured in William street, next door to Brinsmead's, and are now in course of alteration to suit the requirements of the business. Mr. Stevens has been appointed resident secretary, and we have no doubt the business of the Association will meet with every success under his management. The policy of the National Mutual since its establishment has been characterised by great and sustained energy, and, even in face of the intense competition which prevails, we have no doubt the society will secure a fair share of public favor. WE have received from the local manager of the Bank of New South Wales the 68th report of the directors of the Bank, which was read at the half-yearly meeting of the proprietors, held at Sydney on the 31st. ultimo. The net profits for the half-year, after deducting all expenses, amounted to 297 781 8s. 3d, to which was added a sum of £8422 19s. 11d, the undivided balance from the previous half-year, thus giving slum, 20ft 8s. 2.1 for distribution. Of this amount the directors recommend that £75,000 be appropriated to the payment of dividend, at the rate of 15 per cent per annum ; £12, 500 to provide for a bonus at the rate of 22 per cent and £10,000 for augmenting the reserve fund, the balance being carried to profit and loss are met. With the above appropriation the Bank's reserve fund will amount to £5150,000. THE following tenders have been accepted by the Government : W. A. Manufacturing Co., to supply furniture required for the new Survey prices for £179 3s. 6d., and to lease the advertising space at all railway stations etc.. throughout the colony, for three years, at the rate of £75 per annum ; E. Martin, additions to Cossack jetty, for £100 ; E. Barratt, to lease the Perth railway station refreshment room at an annual rental of £30 ; D. Hepburn, repairs to police station and quarters, Geraldton, for £187 5s. ; James Halliday, to supply two 200-gallon tanks at Perth police station for £15; H. Osborne, repairs to Residency, police station, gaol, and medical officer's quarters, Roebourne, for £75 10s. ; James Venn to erect a flagstaff at Bunbury for £30 ; Duncan Christie, repairs to York hospital, medical quarters and surgery, also a skylight at the post office, for £18 7s. IT is said that another maniac is going to try to shoot Niagara Falls, and this is how he is going I to do it. A fresco painter from Buffalo intends shortly to go over the Falls in a " rubber ball," hermetically sealed, and filled with sufficient compressed air to last the inmate for ten min- utes. He expects the ball will receive suiBci ent impetus while in the rapids to hurl it far into the river, where a boat will be in waiting, and he proposes to undergo the hazardous experience for the trifling wager of £200. The ball is to be fifteen feet in diameter, and made of rubber three quarters of an inch thick, covered with closely braided tarred rope, so as to protect it from the sharp rocks. , What if the ball be broken or whirled round and round under water and never comes to shore or gets caught by the boat at all Where will the fresco painter's compressedJan*.be then&W; :-,.. ¡ MESS HS. BETHELL & Co., writing on October 17, say : " We have to advise you that we have fixed the first class iron vessel Vale of Doon, 859 tons register, 100 Al special survey, to load for your port. We are now loading the steam- ship Abington, conjointly With our friends Messrs. Trinder, Anderson & Co., and she will be on the berth in a few days, sailing about the 10th or 15th November." Messrs. McDonald, Scales & Co in their commercial circular of the same date, say : " We are still quite unable to quote anything like a firm figure in regard to rates of freight. The same competition exists between the regular brokers and the West Australian Shipping Association ; if any difference, it is that the fight for mastery is now, perhaps, more keen and severe than at first, but as to results, time and the future will alone be able to record. The Association are now loading the regular trader Charlotte to sail about the 5th proximo, and the regular brokers advertise the ss. Abington to sail November the 8th, to be followed by the barque Vale of Doon to sail some time in December." ALTHOUGH the 'Reform' party cannot deny that, in regard to public works, a continuous spirited and wise policy had been carried out of late years in this colony, their organ now says that, even if good in itself, it is only half a policy and useless, because the Secretary of State interferes to prevent such an alteration in the land regulations as, in the opinion of the journal in question, can alone bring about settlement and make railways pay. This is sheer nonsense. Our experience has clearly proved, that when- ever sensible alterations in the land regulations are proposed, and the wishes of the people are properly represented, there are no difficulties whatever encountered from the Secretary of State. It would be refreshing to hear how these ' Reformers ' would manipulate the land regulations so as to secure settlement. While pretending to bewail imaginary difficulties now preventing them from doing what they might do, they are most careful to leave us in the dark as to their land programme. We _ do not believe they have one. We do not believe they have a ghost of an idea upon the subject or a practical suggestion to make. DETAILS have been received by the mail of the murder of Colonel Stewart, General Gordon's right-hand man in the Soudan, Which appears to have been carried out under circumstances of the foulest treachery, and to call for such summary vengeance on the guilty parties as was exacted in the case of Professor Palmer and his two Colleagues It appears that Colonel Stewart was on his way down the Nile,? when the steamer on which he and his party Were was stranded, and while in that slight three natives came on board, and told Colonel Stewart that he was but a short distance from Merawee, and could easily reach the stage on foot, and there obtain assistance to get the steamer u*_'_ Stacy offered to guide him, and, unsuspicious of treachery, he landed, and, accompanied by two of his men only, set out With them. No sooner Had he passed round the headland out of sight of the steamer than a number of men sprang out from an ambush, and with the guides fell upon Colonel Stewart and his followers, and murdered them. Tietz seen stacked the steamer, which they captured, killing 811 on board with the exception of four men. IT will be recollected that a short time; ago an alleged 'outrage' was committed upon Melbourne Society by an English lady, lately arrived in the colony, who was accused of having permitted her maid to make use of a ticket for a subscription ball which the mistress had received. It was supposed that this was done to stark the lady's contempt for colonial society, and even the leading Melbourne papers took the matter up warmly and declared that the offender bad Ijeeit completely ostracised as a punish ment ídf her alleged insolence. It appears, however, from explanations given in the London society journals that such is not the case, neither the lady nor her husband having suffered any diminution of kindness or hospitality in consequence of an incident in which neither science to have been to blame. The lady herself had stopped away from the ball because she was out of health and in mourning, and her only offence seems to have been that she permitted her maid to make use of a ticket given to the latter-not to the mistress-by a member of the committee, who had said in doing so that the ball would be mixed." MR. MAYNE, the inspector of pearl fisheries, has sent in an official report on the May River, in which he says : " The anchorage (which is a good one for a-Too<ud_of_-».njr_size)_is off the rivers entrance, situated south bank of -the Mesa River bearing EN, distance 44 miles, in five fathoms low water springs ; sand and mud bottom. From this anchorage the river takes a S.E. direction for about 16 miles, then turns sharply round to E. by N. for 4 miles, after which it runs to the southward. The landing is right at the elbow of the two latter courses and is an excellent one, fit to land either stock or machinery, good high land (pindan country), with a steep bank alongside of which a vessel (lighter) could be, but would take the ground at low water ; bottom coarse sand. There is good feed right at the landing, and water has already been found within 25 miles, and no doubt it could be found closer. The May has an average, width of about two miles, with a great many sandbanks iii it but by keeping to the west bank for the S.E. reach, and then the north bank for the rest of the way, an average depth of 2 fathoms can be carried right up by a vessel starting from the anchorage at the half-flood tide. The river banks below the landing mentioned are extensive marshes, mud flats, and mangroves. Although there is a good depth of water, I would not advise a vessel of more than 5 feet draught to venture up the river, on account of the very strong tides that run. From the landing, Tarralla Hill bore S. by E. i E., nearly 5 miles distance." A NEW chapter, it seems, is about to be added to the romance of the Scotch Peerage. One Mr. John Fraser, of Mount Pleasant, Carnarvon, lays claim to the Lovat barony and estates, and maintains that he directly descends from the son of police far-back Lord Lovat, who fled from Scotland to Wales, after killing a fiddler at a ball Some people might think that a gentleman with due respect for his forefathers would hardly care to bring into public notice an ances- tor who had such a " record " as that just indicated, even for the purpose of securing an ancient title and a fine Highland property. But it must be remembered that a good many wild things were done in the Highlands before the abolition of heritable jurisdictions and the celebrated Lord Lovat, whose career ended on Tower Hill, was himself a somewhat violent personage. If by any chance the Welsh Mr. Fraser should establish his claim to be of wider blood than the present Lord Lovat, a curious state of things will arise. The father of the present Lord Lovat obtained a removal of the attainder under which the Young Pretender Lord Lovat was placed, and he was restored to the Scotch Peerage as 14th Lord Lovat. But several years before that He had been created Lord Lovat in the Peerage of the United Kingdom. His son cannot be deprived of his succession to that barony. if, therefore, Mr. Fraser, of Carnarvon, should succeed in his claim, we should have a Scotch Lord Lovat with the estates, and a landless Lord Lovat in the Peerage of the United Kingdom. THE telegram we publish today stating that the Imperial Government had decided to surrender everything demanded by the Conservatives for the purpose of securing the passage of the Franchise Bill is somewhat astonishing, when we recollect the flood of invective against the Opposition poured forth by the Premier during his late triumphal progress and his impassioned assurances to the people that come what might he would stand on the ground he had taken. A well informed English paper runs states the position of affairs at the time the last mail left " Mr. Gladstone is willing to produce the Re- distribution Bill but will not proceed with it till the Franchise Bill is passed. This will not satisfy the Tory leaders. They want something more than a knowledge of the Redistribution scheme. Lord Salisbury's desire is to have both true Bills in his possession at once, so that the one may be used for the purpose of forcing on the Commons whatever amendments the Lords may make in the other Lord Salisbury wishes, in fact, to reverse true principle on which Mr. Gladstone is acting. The Prime Minister's object is to get the Franchise Bill passed, so that he may possess a lever for forcing through the Redistribution scheme. Lord Salisbury's him, on the other hand, is to retain the Franchise Bill in his power, so that he may use it as a weapon for moulding the Redistribution measure in the interests, or supposed interests, of Conservatism. Mr. Gladstone will never can sent, to place such an instrument in Lord Sales backs hands. He would be ready to produce I his Redistribution scheme if that would facilitate the passing of the Franchise Bill; but to put both measures at the same time in the power of the House of Lords is out of the question. If the matter depended solely on Lord ¡ Salisbury the chances of an arrangement would be slight. It is believed, however, that the production of the Redistribution Bill would lead to a considerable secession of Tory Peers." The ! complete surrender of the Liberals of which we are now informed, is indicative, apparently, that a far larger and more important body of public opinion supports the Conservative position than the Government have cared to allow. 