Stephanotis. "Nay, darling; nay my bonny girl, Set free each blossom-prisoned curl, Lay those white clusters down; Let silken nood with maiden grace Hold back the ringlets from thy face, But not that starry crown. " Or let some Simpler blossom twins Upon thy forehead, daughter mine, Blush rose or lily white; Or let a simple string of pearls Gleam girlishly among thy curls, Upon this festive night. "PRut take those waxen blooms away, Ah, darling I thoughts I cannot stay Spring in my wakened heart; Pass on, my sweetest, out of sight, Take thou thy fill of young delight, While I sit here apart." I hear her flutter down the stair, I hear the chariot wheels that bear From me my peerless maid; Now, wherefore should it wake to-night, That ghost of dead-and- gone delight I thought for ever laid ? The air is heavy with perfume, Ost- breathed from that white mass of bloom My child laid gently down; Ah me! an old-tome sorrow stirs 1 I see on curls as bright as hers A stephanotis crows. Across dark memory'o time-worn track A vision ofthat face comes bank That wan my boyish heart; My wife, the mother of my child, What waves of sorrow wide and wild Have set us twain apart. flesh of fi and bn f hbone, haughty priests and nobgls, have thus been preserved to serve as roummidc for the muoaoms of e:.-' tren iln 1h;to bahris?n sa'rld; are covccatid I.lo mu.pitlsnndtliono for the healing of orioc,, fises, or ito " charcoal to Ibe use1 it rliuing rugar, the moost hideous form of utilitarian desecrcatiron has been shown by thie degenerate Egyptians of our days in 1elling the tens asud Ihundreds of thousands of lower-class mummies to merchant vessels at so much per ton to fertilize foreign fields. From the innumerable tombs near fMemphis, and in other parts of Egypt, long strings of camels were em nloyed until quite recently in openly carrying this human bone dust to vesselfsi thia harbor at Alexandria; while large quan titles of such human remains, under the name of "brown guano," were brought to the vessels in cargo-boats fromjthe ancient sepulchres and catacombs which honeycomb the rocky ridge near Alexanmdria itsel. The vile trade was carried on without any attempt at concalment or disguise, and visitors could sece human bones, glass tear bottles and earthlenware lamps that had all been laid away perhaps before the days of Joseph, shlovelled up together with the accumulated brown dust, carried op the ship's sides in baskets and dumped into the hold to be con veyed to England where the regular price was £6i 10s. per ton-a price that gave the manu facturers of fertilizers a good profit by mixing the stuof with Peruvian guano. 