A Gh0ost Story. One night Doctor Bayle was whiling away a few hoars with some villagers of Vernet, in the south of France and in the course of conversation the sub ject of spirits was introduced and each one had something marvellous to tell. The doctor hegan to laugh at the won derful stories that were told, and said that such things proceeded from pre judicd and excited imagination. ' Do you mean to say,' replied an old woman, who was spinning in a cor ner of the kitchen, ' that you would not be afraid to enter the church by yourself, and walk there alone without a light?' 'Yes, my good woman,' replied the doctor,I would go and walk the church without being in the least alarmed. This very instant I will enter it, and, lest you disbelieve me, I will bring back from church somethling belonging it, and just tell me what you wish that should be ?? 'Here is the key of the church,' said the sextonl who was present,' ' and,' added lie in a half shy, half artless manner, ' when you hare opened the door go up straight to the principal altar amind behind it, in a crevice, you will llnd a death's head--a death's head, they. say never frightens a doctor -and if you bring it back from the church it is a sure sign that you have becn thler.' ' The death's head I will certainly lbring hack,' re plied the doctor, and a rising at once from his chair he pro ce-edd to the church. Hsaving entered it lie found no dilli culty in making out the crevice alluded to. He inserted his hands into the opening, drew forth the skull, and laid hold of it with both lands ; and no sooner had lie ddne so than, lie thought lie heard a sad and mournf'-! cry, but attributed it to a grating sound made by the bones comiing into contact with a stone. When he gained the church door, another cry, more distinct and ,mournful than the first was again heard by him. Ii:t must lie thle screech of an owl, said the doctor to hliself,and he mov. ed on. In. order to close the gate, olf leav ing thli church he laid the skull on the floor, and when lie had turned the key in the keyllo'o he stooped down to pick it up. Scarcely had ihe done so when hit' heart the same: cry as beMore. !He was not a little sulrprised at tlhe circumstances, ' hut,' said lihe, 'it can not surely proceed from this lifeless head i but from what does it proceed '! Scarcely had he asked himself the iles tion when two sounlds were heard at one and(l tihe sae timie ; anti now, lino doult could any longer exist that these cries Iroccceded from the dceatl's head. ' But again,' said he, ' it is imuposs ible that the sounds carl be emitted without the organs of voice, and in a skull tlhere ore surely no organs cap alle of articulating a single sound.' Blut all his philosophy again gave ulay, for tile samie mltouruful cries were now repeated in quick succession, and cvery doul,t of their proceeding fronm the skull wasat this time at an end. The doctor became alarmed, pers piration lurst front his forehead, and trickled down his cheoks, his limbs tot tered and he appeared as if fixed to the ground.l and unuable to move a step. At last he appears at the door of the cottage ; the door is opencd andu the villagers are there awaiting himl. l1e enters; and oh such a look! All those assembled iin the kitchen start to their feet at once, so pale was his look, and uclh signs of alarm did his countenancet present. Wlhen hlie arrived in the centre of the room he laid the death's head on the floor, and very moment two cries are heard, and the doctor falls oil in a faint. All those around run away shriek in;; with ldarm ; the old sexton was thei only perso:n who remained ,behind. lHe went over to the doctor and sooln suc ceecded in reove.ring hint from his swoon. hlis first exclamtation on get itg up was: ' The head'? l' Here itis, sir,' was the reply. H nave you heard the noise i' ' Certainly.' ' What ? has it then proceeded fromi the skull ?' whispered the doctor in tones of alarm. Very 'likely, as there may be a bats ncst i iit, as there has ibeen every sea son for many years past,'replied thie old seOton. Doctor PIayle hit:isclf called back thie ahlrigh:ted villagers, took thie s;ull betweeni his hands , aind inleerting his lintgers into a stmall opening at the back of thie slkull, drcew forth some pieces of tow linen. It w'as a nest of a pair of young baIts, vlwho at once0 made tlheir appe~artaince, but being tod weak to fly, fell oti thie ground clapping their little wings. 'Sc thel, spirit !' exclaitied rioctor Bayle, ' now- look at it. Yet even t myself was for a shiort time shamiiefully a1 la......'-1%c , lyt. , :Em,,il , 