ROJtE. ALLOCUTION OP OUR MOST HOLT LORD LEO XllL, BY DIVINH PROVIDENCE POPE. At the Consistory held on Monday, the M&Harch;, the Holy Father delivered the following forcible Allocution to the as •smiled Princes ot the Church, in which ha protested against the Italian oooupa tion ot the Patrimony of Peter, and, •hove all, against the recant action ot the Italian Government with regard to th® property of the Sacred Congregation of fee Propaganda. The Roman official have just published the AUoou two. which runs as follows :— since the waves of ssdition rose the civil principality ot the Bomsn Pontiff, to bring about its ruin n& Mowaplish the usurpation of this ot Roma, We have endeavoured by swyeaeansin Oar power to defend, as On predecessor Pius IX , of happy •swxy, did before Ui, the rights o! the AposWto Saa as it behoved Us la ac with the atrict obligation We « With equal constancy We ha*» taken *p the defoom of truth and iwtiee whywsc We have aeen fresh •»«*» made n sappwtot the new order <*th$nta.e»d«ieTetyooee*»onWaheve bwu cental to oppose all reatatanoe pos sw«a to the rinlsnaa We have for >o k»| Meanwhile, through the bidden purposes of Providenoe, this violent o tempest does not oease. It is aoaroely neoessary to say this especially to you, Venerable Brethren, who know it from what is passing daily and from your own experienoe. Hesitating not in the execution of their designs, our enemies strain all efforts to establish themselves here and to strengthen the stability of their rule, omitting nothing which oan give credibility to the justness of their right and the immutability of their establishment in Borne. To this is to be referred the deliberate dexterity with which they bring about events by prepared causes. They oourt popular favour at home, they solicit assent from abroad, and, in short, employ all the artifices which seem to them serviceable for strengthening and preserving their power. But the more they strive to trample upon the rights of the Churoh and of the Roman Pontifioate, the more also We ought to be oareful to sustain them. Wherefore in the midst of this venerable assemby We this day for mally reprobate and condemn all that has been done to the detriment of the ApoS' tolio See, and, at the same time, We demand that all its rights be for ever completely guaranteed. To this We are moved neither by ambition ot power nor through greed of human things, as some with as much folly as impudenoe accuse TJs, but by the consciousness of Our right, by the sanotity of the path We have taken, and by the example of Our predecessors, even the greatest among them, for virtue and holiness, who combated with supreme fortitude and constancy for the preservation of their oivil principality. That principality, in faot, besides its legitimate origin and olai ma as varied as important, possesses a certain sacred oharaoter proper to it, which belongs to no other Government, inasmuch as it guarantees the sure and durable liberty of the Apostolic See in the exercise of its august and supreme ministry ; for everyone knows the loss of the oivil power of the Pontiffs has always been aooompanied by a diminution of their liberty. Of this We are ourselves a fresh example, subject as We are to the various and unoertain contingencies dependent on the will of others. The most recent of these is the heavy stroke at the patrimony employed by this Apostolic See for the propagation of the Christian faith. It was a matter eminently and strictly connected with the spiritual ministry of the Supreme Pontiff, and as muoh above human interests as the spread of Christianity and the eternal salvation of men. Yet even this noble work, wrhioh the wise mnnifioenoe of the Pontiffs instituted and the generoisty of Christian nations endowed, has found no grace before the violence of the present times, so that We have been constrained to take measures for its future safety. All this is hard, but We foresee etill harder totals, and We are ready to bear them. We know, in faot, that Our enemies have determined to fill tbe measure of outrage against the Roman Pontiff, until from one difficulty to another his is driven to the last extremity. A detestable and mad proposition whioh may well aocord with the senti menta of those who favour the designs of malevolent sects striving to trample on tbe Churoh and rendered subject to the State, but which should be far from the wishes of true lovers of their oountry who should estimate the power anil greatness of the Pontifioate, not by prejudged opinion, but from the nature itself of facts, and should recall the benefits whioh all nations, and espeoially on the Italian raoe, have received and may yet again receive from it But our trust is most firmly fixed in God, and We turn from the consideration of the present evils to more pleasant matters, of utility to the Churoh, and of honour to your august College. We have resolved to confer to- day the hononr of the Roman purple on Joseph Sebastian Neto, Patriarch of Lisbon, and William Sanfelice, Archbishop of Naples, both eminent tar their virtue and their doctrine, their wal and wisdom in their pastoral administration, and for their immmovable fidelity to this Apoetolio See. Quid Vobit mdOurt We, therefore, with the authority of Almighty Qod and of the holy Apostles Pete ana Paul and with Our own, create Cardinal Priest* of the Holy Roman Church Joaxpa Skbahux Nkto and WOLXAU SlKJXUG*. with the oeoesaaary and fitting dispensations, derogations, and clauses. In the name ot the Fathw and of the Sotlgi and of the Holy* Ghost. Amen. 