Christian Responsibility in the matter of Prayer. [COMMUNICATED.] THE Scriptures are unanimous in enjoining the duty and testifying to the importance and efficacy of prayer; and that harmony, which, existing in all parts of the sacred writings is a proof that they emanated from the same Divine mind, is on this subject very plainly manifested. The responsibility of prayer depends first of all upon its influence and effect in changing persenal character. Not only must prayer be found at the com mencement, and during the continuance of a godly life, but the intensity, and earnestness, and effectiveness of a religious life is determined by the degree of its prayer fulness. This fact is universally agreed to by the church of Christ: but very imperfectly realized ; and as a fact there is amongst professors of religion comparatively little of that effectual, fervent prayer which asks and obtains the Divine anointing of power, wisdom, and love in their lives. Thousands of professors are lamenting their powerlessness and inefficiency and want of joy in the service of their Redeemer, and by their worldlinesB, fear, selfishness, and unbelief, presenting a pitiable spectacle to the world. All this may be changed, and the change in personal Christian character, depends on the offering of effectual, fervent prayer for a full baptism of spiritual power. After Jacob's night of wrestling at Peniel, his name was changed to suit that change in his character which came in the struggle. A similar crisis comes again and again in the Christian life, when the question of our usefulness and power, depends upon earnest prayer, and when our prevailing or not prevailing with God will determine whether our spiritual lives shall be the comparative failure they have been, or shall take on new forms of usefulness, and blessed experience. Not only does the Btrength and consistency of personal Christian character depend on prayer, but the progress of true religion in the world must be considered as depending on the faithful, and unceasing exercise of this duty by the church of Christ. In a very important sense, God depends upon the rayers of His people in carrying out His designs in the alvation of the world, and if we search the Scriptures we ind that the outpouring of the spirit will be given in onsequence of, and scarcely apart from the intercessions f men of God. It is a common idea, certainly, amongst those whom a want of earnestness and spirituality has made rationalistic in tlieir views on the subjoct of revivals of religion, that great religious movements, and outpourings of the Spirit, arc brought about in a manner almost unaccountable, that the church of Christ must wait in comparative indifference for signs of an awakening, without having any power to alter the Divine purpose, or bring down in answer to prayer any special blessing. Some hear of " waves of spiritual influence,'* just as if revivals of religion were like changes in the weather, the laws of which spiritual phenomena we were entirely unacquainted with, instead of being as the Word of God declares them to be, movements of the personal Holy Ghost upon the church and upon the world. In Regard to this progress and prosperity of His church in the world God has said, " I will for this be enquired of by the house of Israel to do it for them." In connection'with all revivals of religion there lias been a revival of the spirit of prayer. The two things have always kept company. When the spirit of prayer lias ceased, so has the spirituality and prosperity of the church. The reasons why God has made revivals of religion to depend on the prayers of the church are not, we think, far to seek. Men are to be saved by the agency and power of the Holy Spirit through the instrumentality of the truth. But the Spirit of God uses human agents to communicate that truth through which men are saved. The Holy Spirit is grieved by a prayerless Christian—one whose anxiety for the salvation of souls and the glory of God, is so small that he never wrestles with God in prayer on this behalf—and He withdraws His influence from him. The Christian who does not pray earnestly, and pray much, and pray in faith, need not expect to be made instrumental in leading souls to Christ. With a worldly, selfish, unspiritual Christian, the Spirit cannot work. " Howcan two walk together unless they are agreed ? " Not only so, but the prayerless Christian cannot be a witness for God. Those truths through which men are saved are not testified to, but rather denied by the worldly professor. Until Christians begin to pray in earnest for souls, tlieir lives are a standing denial of the importance of eternal things, the danger of the unsaved, and the importance cf salvation. We are then brought to the conclusion that it is the duty of the Christian church, and consequently of every individual Christian, to offer constant, earnest, believing supplication for the progress of the cause of God, and the salvation of souls. And here, we believe, is the explanation of the fact that the salvation of the world is so long delayed. The promises which Christ made to the apostles, which were so signally fulfilled in the conversion of thousands in one day, and in the speedy triumph of Christianity, were laid hold of by the followers of Jesus in fervent, effectual prayer. These promises are for all time. God is always ready and willing to revive His work, but He waits for His people. Whenever the church of Christ has offered the fervent, effectual prayer, a revival of religion has followed. We have only to extend this principle to come to the conclusion that if the church of Christ were only to unite in earnest believing prayer for the salvation of mankind, that the fulness of millennial glory would soon dawn upon the world. Here then is seen the responsibility of the church. If these things are so, the world is perishing because the church is not praying as it should be; and we cannot but come to the conclusion that God is angry with every prayerless church, and with every prayerless professor and must and will call them to account for souls lost through tlieir negligence and prayerlessness. THE VICTORIAN CUP has again come and gone. It attracted a larger number of visitors than usual from the other colonies, and the day itself was observed as a close holiday by the citizens of Melbourne, who by rail, and vehicle, and on foot, poured forth to Flemington in tens of thousands. Only a few of these saw the Cup race, which was contested by some twenty horses, and was won by a local horse named Malua, who at first was thought to be out of the running. A line of beautiful horses came up to the starting point mounted by jockeys in gay colours ; the signal to start is given; there is a rush and a skurry, and in three minutes the race is over, and tens, perhaps hundreds of thousands have been lost or won. To by far the larger number of persons who visit the Flemington course on Cup day, the occasion is merely a holiday, an opportunity for an outing and for seeing an unusual crowd ; but it is a pity that the national holiday of the Victorians should be associated with so questionable a sport as racing. Ihe cup may to some be filled with enjoyment and pleasure, but it has its dregs, and to thousands these are broken fortunes, ruined character, blighted hopes, and desolated homes, and tlie last and bitterest drop is suicide, the final refuge of the guilty and despairing. It will be a good day for Victoria when she follows the example of South Australia, and prohibits the Totalizator and public gambling. When this is done, and it will be done eventually, the day will come when the Cup carnival will be a thing of the past. A MYSTERY.—The police seem completely baffled in their efforts to discover the incendiaries who, during the last twelve months or so, have destroyed so many timber yards by fire. That anyone could be moved to such a course by private spite or a sense of injustice we can scarcely believe. It is extremely unlikely that anybody could cherish a hatred against so many different men so widely separated. That these conflagrations can have any political significance we do not think|; Fenians and dynamitards would be likely to select public buildings as the objects of their terrible operations. Nor can we think either that these occurrences have arisen out of any disputes between capital and labour, for if so the incendiaries show themselves the worst friends of the working classes, as workmen's tools have been burnt, many men thrown out of employment, and a check placed upon the building trade generally. The most charitable construction which Ve can place upon these timber yard fires is that they are the work of some maniac who enjoys a big blaze, and who has sufficient cunning to cover up liis tracks. In any case it seems somewhat singular that so far the police should have been at fault in their attempts to discover the culprit or culprits. If these destructive fires have been the work of a lunatic the sooner he is permanently confined in some madhouse the better. But if they are the outcome of sheer wanton mischief, no punishment could be too severe for the offenders. GAMBLING AT SEA.—Mr. Thomas Hughes, well known as the author of " Tom Brown's School Days," lias recently returned to America and lias made some surprising revelations relative to the amount and character of the gambling carried on during the voyage. The vessel he sailed in was the " City of Rome" of the Anchor line. Mr. Hughes says that on the third day out, the reading room which was intended for ladies as well as gentlemen was turned into a smoking and card room. In the smoking room a baccarat bank was established, round which there was, much of the time, a row of players six deep, many of them being mere youths ; the stakes ranging from 5s. to £5. The statement has created some excitement in New York, and it is found that gambling is not uncommon on more than one of the lines of steamers trading between America and England, and if we knew more than we do we should perhaps find that the practicc exists nearer home also. We were, in fact, only within the last few weeks told by a gentleman who -witnessed it that a certain individual whose name has been notorious in Adelaide of late, spent his time on the voyage between Adelaide and Melbourne in gambling and lost heavily. We think the owners of steamers might and ought to draw the line at gambling. THE SEASON.—Summer appears to have set in with a good will at last. Sunday and Monday last were two very trying days, and the temperature on Monday militated very much against the enjoyment of the holiday makers. Still, everybody seemed to be in good spirits, and like Mark Tapiey, determined to be jolly under the most adverse circumstances. There is at present much that is encouraging in the outlook of the future. The timely and welcome rains which fell a month ago have made the harvest almost secure, and everywhere there is the prospect of a good yield. The Parliament has wisely or unwisely reduced the Railway policy of the Government almost to vanisliing point, but the approaching construction of lines previously authorized, together witli a good harvest and the prospect of better prices, should, at no distant date, produce a better state of things in the community. The depression ( lie colony has been passing through lias really frightened us more than it lias hurt us; and, if it should teach the people to be more careful, sober, and thrifty, it will eventually prove a blessing. We have reason to be thankful however, for the prospect of better times, and for the bounties so richly bestowed upon us as a people should be grateful to the Giver of all good. We would call attention to the annual meeting of the S. A. Bible and Prayer Union, which will be held in the Flinders-street Baptist Lecture Hall on Tuesday evening. RECEIVED.—" Maranatha :" This is the title of a little work of 100 pages, intended to teach the second coming of Christ. It is written in the form of a family dialogue, and is a fair and moderate statement of the Millenarian view. We have also received from Mr. Kay the Final Report of the South Australian Institute for the nine months ended June 30, 1884. This forms the last report of the S. A. Institute, which is now merged in the Public Library, Museum, and Art Gallery of South Australia, by Act of Parliament which came into force on the first of July last. " Christianity and Civilization."—The excellent address of the Rev. Geo. Campbell on the above subject, delivered from the chair of the N.S.W. Congregational Union, for the current year, has been printed by request, and can now be had in a neat and handy form. 