A CASTLE IN SPAIN. CHAPTER XXXVII. ' j in which, after A sbrcbs OF 6uuprisb3. "His Majesty" gbts the greatest sub- ; PRISE OF ALL. Return must now be made to the castle, and the two young men whose duel had been interrupted. Captured thus, they stood for a time quite over whelmed, their intense excitement now folio wed - by a violent reaction, in the midst of which there : w'as the appalling ihought of the oousequencs ; which might flow from ihis. For Ashby to ba : found in Harry's room wou'd surely lead to the ' discovery of everything — tbe secret passageway, , the sliding door, "and perhaps their visits to too j ladies. Each one thought of this for himself. 1 Each one had believed that the C .rlists did not ! know about the secret passages. Rut now, all j was over, I " Well," continued " his Majesty," speak- i ing in Spanish ' business before plea- soie. Mre will examine you both about this to-morrow. Fur the present we will leave a i gtard in this room. Meanwhile, Senor Rivers, I you may hand ovtr that pistol ; or, stay — no — you j have put it to Fuch a coble uss that you may krep j it : one pittol againet Fix men need not be feared. And now, gentlemen, adieu till to-morrow." Mith these words " his Majesty" retired, secur ing the door behind him, and Harry and Aihby were leit with tie guards. They stood apart from one another, pale, anxious, aod each wrapped up in his own thought?. For all that bed happened etch blamed tbe other, and thus their mutual hate was only intenFified. The came of " his Majesty's" appearance upon the scene c«n be easily explained. He had been greatly troubled in his mind by the " ghost" in Mrs Ruswll's room, and could not account for it. He had not thought of any secret communication, for being a compara tive atranger here, he had not known of any. Thinking, towuver, that he might get some light on the subject, he had wandered to the door of Barry's rcom, and there tho sound of voice3 had an es ted his attention. Knowing that Harry was placed there in solitary confinement, he felc that the clew to tbe mystery might now be here ; and eo, gathering half a dozen men, he had come in npon them as above described. Leaving this room, " his Majesty" now went once more to the room of Mrs Russell, in the hope ef gaining more light yet. Upon entering, he was once mote nearly overthrown by the impetuous onslaught of the irrepre.sihle Mrs Russell, who, at this new and unexpecied advent of hjr royal lover, overwhelmed herself and everybody else with her joyous vociferations. This, however, "his Majesty" endured with truly royal dignity, tempering kindness with firmness, and dealing gentiy with her weak wom.n's nature. Katie wai there, but ihu royal eye, on wandering about, noticed the absence of Dolores. " Whativtr's become av the senorita?" he asked. Mrs Russell gave a star) led look around. " SVhut ? Where is she'f She's gone I" she Ecieamed ; "she's gone I Oh, your Gracious H.-.j-sty, the gtj.-nt ! the ghost 1 Save me." " Whisht ! Howld yer tung 1" said " his Majesty." "The ghost, ie it ? So he's come and ca.ried. off the senorita I Well, I've found the ghost !" ' Found the ghost!" gasped 14 rs Russell. " Meself h<6\. Regorra, it's the truth I'm tdlin'. Eo ye know his natte 1" "His name I" gasped Mrs Russell, once mote thinking ot her late terrible fancy. " Yis, his name ; ye c»n't guess it! No? "Well, I'll tell yez. It's Ashby." " Ashby 1 Mr Aeliby !" cried Mrs Russell. " Why how could he gat here ?" "Ob, well," said "his Majesty,"" he did get here, an' that's no loie. How he gjt here I'll find out to-morier. Rut he did get here, an' he's been here since, an' by the same token he's sporited off the senorita. But tbeio's two av thim." "Two of them I" repeated Mrs Bussell, in won der, " Ay, two av thim ; an' the other's that young blade Rivets I" Katie, thus f»», had not said a word. She heard of the discovery of Ashby with surprise, but with no dieper feeling. The moment, howover, that the name of Rivera was mentioned, she gavu a gasp,- and her hcid fell forward on her bands. "His Majesty " noticed tho action. He put his own interpretation upon it, But be said not a word that had any refeienco to it ; he was too cautious for that. And surely in this "his Majesty " showed a skill and a discrimination which wero most politic, and well worthy of the royal rnler of millions, More than this. One glance showed him how tho land lay with Katie ; 90 our monarch, not content with abstaining from all further allu- Bion to Harry, actually cariied his complaisance — or, if you please, his diplomacy — so far a3 to try to appease all the possible anxieties that might arise in Katie's mind. " Sliure the two lads meant no harrum at all at all," said " his Majesty." " They happened to find a way to get here, nn' they came hero, an' begorrg they'd have been fools if they didn't, Bhure there's no harrum in life in comin' here on a bit av a visit. An' there' b no wondher that a yonng man 'ud como here, wid such charrums as these to invoite him. thure it 'ud be enough to call tho dead back to loife, so it would. An' if they've run off wid the senorita, all I can say is, they can't go far, an' the sonoritu 'J1 have to come back agin, bo she will." " And wasn't there any ghoit at all ?" atkod Mrs Russell, to whom this information had given in expressible relief. " Well," said " his Majesty," " there's no knowin' ; and it's best to ho on yer gyard, bo it is, lor sorraa one ar us knows whin a ghost may be prowlin' round about, an' there ye havo it. As for the other gho6t8, As a by an' Bivers, they won't do yer. any more harrum — they undber gyaid." " Under guzrd 1" said Katie, and threw an im ploring look at " bis Majesty." It vrsa almost the first tune that he had fairly caught her eye, so dexterously had she always avoided hit glance. "Well,"said "his Majesty," "they're none the worse for that — not a bit, Av all r'y'l atthributes none is bo tbruly majiitic as the atthributes of mercy, an' makeniss, an' magnanimetee. Those are the shuprame Btthributea av r'y'lty, and im- inintly characterize our own r'y'l ehajractcr, so they does, 60 the young lads may whistle far all av me — an' sorra a barrum shall harrum thim." At this Katie threw toward "his Majesty" a glance of gratitude unspeakable, which sank doep into the royal bouL "An' now, ladies," said be, "I must infarrum ye?, that afthor the ayvints av this noight I doesu't considher t-hU rcom safe for yez at all at all. Share it?b loike a publio thoroughfare, an' it's a gather- ing-plsca an' icndezvous for min an' angils, gboits an' hobgoblins, an' all manner av ayvil ctayturei. So the long an' the short av it is, I have to infar- ' rum yez that I'm goin' to move yez out av this the morrer, an' have yez put in another room where there won't he nothin in loife to harrum yez, where ye'll have more comfort combined with safety thin ye've bad here." This remark made Katie reflect. The worst had already happened — the discovery and arrest ot Harry. After that she could not hope to see bim again. She did not wish to leave the room ; but, as Harry's visits were now st an end, she could not see tnat it wouia make any aiiterence. Rut Mrs Russell had a great deal to Bay. " Oh, how grateful I" she cried, in her most /gushing manner, " Oh, how deeply grateful I am to yoor Gracious Majesty I It's so kind, so 1 thoughtful, so considerate, and so true 1 Oh, what can I ever say or do to express my gratitude 1 Only 1 your Gracious Majesty, do not leave me now, Leave me not— oh, forsake me not I This room is a place of horrors. It is a haunted chamber, i When you are here I have no fear ; but, when you > are gone, then I am overwhelmed. Oh, your Gra- ? eious Majesty, forsake me not I Leave me not! Oh, I leave me not, or — 1 — shall — die 1" 1 Against such an appeal as this the gallantry ol \ "hie Majesty" was Bcarcely proof. He threw a ' tender glance at Katie, which, however, was not f perceived, and then said : | "6ure, if it's afeared ye are, why that's a I different malbber, so it is. I didn't intind to | move yez away this noigbt ; but if yez are afeard, I why there's no raison in loife why yez shouldn't go ? off now to the other room." / j " Ob, take me away 1" cried Mrs Bussell ; "take | me away, your Royal Majesty — take me with | yeu I" | " Sure it's meielf that'll take both av yez, if ye i wish it, whiniver ye say the worrud," said "his i Majesty." " An' remimber, there's the crown av :i Spain, an' the power, an' the glory, an' the dignity, J an' the pomp, an' the splindor, av the Span- ) ish throne, all to be had wid a wink aT one of \ your lovely eyes, so it is. Remimber that." " Ah, sire !" said Mrs Russell langu'shingly, H- " Ob, your Gracious Majesty I Ah, what shall I ft -s»y f" |i ghc had taken it ail to herself, and in the most open way ; while Katie didu't take it at all. "His Majesty" saw this, and determined to bj more direct. " Well," said he, " ye see — " But at this moment a wild yell sounded forth from without, with sudden aud appalling fury. It burst upon their ears from the stillaess of midnight with terriflo violence, chilling the very blood in their veins. Then came the rU4h of heavy feet, the clatter of swords, the explosion of ftte-arms, the f-houts of many voices : " Hurrah for the the Republic 1" " Down with the Carlista I" Mrs Russell gave a long piercing yell, which drowned every other sound, and flung herself into " his Majosty's" arms. "His Majesty" tore himself away. " What's that ?" he cried. " It's an insurrec tion av the populace, so it is. We'll go an' mite th:m." With these words he rnsbed oat of the room. Tbe ladies were left alone, and listened in ter ror to tbe uproar. Up from every side there came tie shouts of men, the tramp oi rushing feet, the clangor of trumpets, and the thunder of fire-arms. Far on high from tho battlemented roof, far down from Ihe vaulted cellars, without from the court- yaidi, witjun from unseen chambers, came tbe up roar ol fighting men. There was a wild rush for ward, and another fierce rush backward ; now all th> conflict seemed to sway on one side, now on another ; atone time the congregated eounds would all gather apparently in one central point, thou this would burst and break, and with a wild explosion all the castle, in every part, would be filloi with universal riot. Than came tho clang of arms, the volleying of guns, the trampling of feet, the hurry ing, tbe struggling, the panting, the convulsive screaming of a multitude of men in the fierce, hot agony of battle. "in the midst of ihis the door was flung open, and "bis Majesty" buret into the room. His apparel was all disordered ; his face and hands weic blackened with powder, and stained with blood. He appeared to have been in tbe thickest of the fight. He burst in, and instantly banging to tbe door, he fastened It on the ioside. " We're betrayed !" ho cried, "It's the inimy! We'll be .captured! We'll bo executed! All's loat I " At this Mra Bussell flung herself into tbe royal arms. " Hia Majesty " had by this time grown so accustomed to this that be accepted it with re signation as part ot tho misfortune3 of the hour, and merely heaved a sigb. But they were rouEed by thunderous blow3 upon the door. Massive though that door was, it woald soon be beaten in by such blows as those. " We're lost I" cried " his Majesty." " Is there ancy way out ? Sbure some av yez knows 7" he asked, eagerly. " Ye know," he said earnestly, to K»tie,"the way — the way he came — Rivers?" " His Majessy's " position was desperate. At such an appeal Katie could not he unmoved. "SaTeniel Show me thu way!" repeated "his Majesty." Katie said nothing. She hurried toward the fireplace. " Hia Majesty" ollow- d. Mrs Bussell still cluag to the royal person. Katie pointed up tie steps to tbe opening. " Is it there ? — begorra, meeelf never knowed it or suspected it !" He Eeized a torch that lay in the fireplace, and sprang up into the opening. Then he lighted it! "Aren't you going to take me, your fchcrod Majesty ? Oh, leave me not !" " Re jabers I" cried "his Majesty," "I'll baffle thim yet. Yis, ladies, I'll btlp yez. Come along, thin." Mrs Ruszcll came Grit ; Katie then followed. Katie's motive in following was nothing in parti cular, but several in general. In the first place, she was afraid of tho fighting men bursting into the room ; in the second place ehe, naturally clung to the fortunes of " auntie " ; and, finally, sho had a vague idea of meeting with Harry. Thus tho two ladies followed, while "his Majeaty " went ahead, carrying the torch. At length he came to a place where thq stone opened into the paisage way. it had been l»ft open by Ashby. This place seemed to " his Majesty " to lead in a more favourable direction, and accord ingly be turned in here. Then he descended the steps, and finally reached on opening. He stood_ here and listened. The room below seemed empty. He descended, requesting the ladies to wait a few moments. On reaching tho room he peiceivcd that it was elated. The door had not been opened. Ashby was not there, of course, as " bis Majesty " knew ; but " his Majesty " was not a little surprised at seeing Dolores. There was no chance for btr to hide, so she stood looking at him. But her face was pale snd sad, and fright ened. Bofors a word could be said Mrs Russell scram bled down, and camo clinging to "bis Majeity." Katie followed, and, in great amazement, saw Dolores. She at once ran up to hor, put her arms around her, and kissed her. " 1 might accuse this senorita of high trai-on," said " his Majesty"; " but what's tbe use ?" " Oh, sire, spate ber 1" said Mrs Russell. " Remember that metcy is majesty's da: ling attri bute." " Bedad it is," said " his Majesty," " Whoiver Bays it isn't ? And you, senorita," said " hD M»jesty" to Dolores, in Spanish — ''you Ecem to know the secret ways here." " Yes." ""Why did you come here?" " 1 fled here." " Will you help me to escape ?" Dolores hesitated. " You need not hesitate; if you don't help me I'll kill you. No, I won't kill you — I'll kill Ashby, He'« in the hands of six of my guards. I've only to give the word, and he'll be shot. Quick, now — what do you say ?" "Will you let me go free ?" asked Dolores. "Well," said "his Majesty," "under the cir cumstances, 1 think I will consent to let you go free. Oh yes ; only show me the way out, and you may do »b you choose." " Then 1 will show yon," said Dolores. " Bat, first, will yon tell me in what room Senor Ashby is confined f " " No," said " his Majesty " ; " get me out first, and then I will let you kuow all you wish." " Very well," said Dolores. She led tho way up into the passage which they had left. Mrs Russell followed close upon " his Majesty's " heels. As for Katie, she did not move. Follow! Why should Bhe 1 It was quiet here, and the immediate fear of the armed men no longer impellid her away. Should she le<ve the castlo? Not she. The castle seemed to be cap tured by some enemy. 1'bis enemy must be the loldicra of the Government. In that case ehe ought by all means to stay. Beside?, she knew that Harry was still here, and to escape without him was not to be thought of. The consequence was that Katie remained be hind. It was very dark, but that made no differ ence, as she bad grown accustomed 10 the dark ness since she had come here. True, the moon beams glimmered through the narrow windows, but the greater part of ibe ruom was sunk in gloom. Bho thought for a moment of trying 10 persuade " auntie" to remain, but the next in stant the reflected upon "auntie's" infatuition about " hie Majesty," and concluded to eay uoth- Dolorea led tbe way, followed thus by "his Majesty" and "nuntie," At the top they came to tbe itone doorway, which was still open. This Dolorei closed carefully. Then she pressed against a stone which was on tbe opposite side of the ohamber. It yielded, and opened in just like the other. Pasiing through, they all found themselves is a chamber like the last, only it ran in a different direction, Dolores closed this door as before, From this chamber another passage-way led. It is not necessary to detail here the way by which Dolorei led them. Bufiloe it to say that it was long, tortaone, and oomtantly descending by means of many steps, Several atone doors had to he opensd. To one less familiar than Dolores all pasaaga through would have been impassible, and " his Majesty" came to the conclusion that he could never find his way baok, if ever he wanted to come. He said sb muoh to Dolores. " It's eaiy to learn," said she. " The plan on which it is arranged is so simple that a child can understand it when once it iB explained j but you never could find it out for yourself." "Very likely," said "his Majesty." "It's the way with moat riddleo." They continued on, until at last they came to a place at which Dolores, after pushing the rock, lood and listened. There was a Bound outride of rushing water. Then, pushing at tho rook again, it opened. Thn torch-light shining out disclosed a cavern, at the mouth of which this passage- way thus opened. A brook bubbled along in front. Opposite was a precipice. Above was the fky, where tho moon shone. They were at the bottom of the deep chasm. TO BE CONTINUED. 