TBE ADELAIDE MUSEUM. TO THE EDITOR. Sir—in jour paper of 19 cb instant appears a paragraph speaking in high terms of the advantageous way in which the ethuological specimens in the museum havo been arranged by Dr. Haacke, and a'so stating that the collection is by no means complete. New, in scientific circles it is the rule to give bono." to wl'om honor is due, and I do not think Dr. Haacke will claim or a:cept the praise for the work done by his clever aud talented assistants. Mr. Zaitz, who occupied a very high position in his native country, would not have left Germany had he known that the results of his scientific knowledge and of his labor would be attributed to the head of the department in the same way that a bootmaker loses his individuality in bis 'master's estab lishment. To Mr. Ziotz belongs the credit of arranging the ethnological collection, the conchological collection,and the preparation of maDyof those beautiful specimens in spirit and otherwise that already enrich our museum ; and it may be added that the ethnological and many of the other collections were far richer in specimens when Mr. Waterhouse was curator than they aro at present. What has become of that unique and complete collection of Fijian weapons, utensib, tools, models, &c.;, that was presented to the museum by the lato Mr. C.- A. lQ ffen, gathered at a time when the Fijis were "uncivilised," and when only it waB potBible to make snob a collection? - It is a rule in every well-conducted museum never to part with or destroy a specimen, ho wever dilapidated or injured it may be, until a trash one has been secured to replace it; but- from what I have seen and fiom rumors that-are • iloatiDg about, I have reason to -believe that there has-been a wholesale clearance of valu able, unique, and rare articles,- many of which;* cannot be replaced. Am inspection, of Mr, Wateihouse's catalogues ;(if they have not been wilfully destroyed),' <and a comparison of the specimens now in the museum would very soon satisfy many anxious minds upon this point. Meanwhile, whilst all the credit that is due should be accorded to Dr. Haacke for bis cleverness, and the great zeal and progress he has made towards preparing the museum for the instruction of our groat grandchildren '(I hope it will be ready in time for them), it is only fair that yiessrs. Zeitz, Tepper, and Ba&zley; should be reeyg nised, I am,&c;, OWEN'S GHOST. 