S.P.GL ANNIVERSARY AND CENTENARY OE THE AMERICAN EPISCOPATE. The following sermon was preached at St. Paul's Cathedral by the Bishop of Ohio : — " He hath set the world in their heart." — JEcclesiastes iii. 11. If the wise creature had foreseen the creation of this society he could not more accurately have described its genesis. Its origin — the sovereign purposes of God. " He hath done it." And to Him be the glory for ever. Its sphere — " the world ; " although the originators of it had not then ta ken, and were not able to take, the full measure of their task. Its motive — devotion for the Gos pel in the Church of Christ, deep seated " in their heart." And when I add the comment with which the wise preacher immediately follows this unconscious prophecy — " So that no man can find out the work that God maketh, from the be ginning to the end " — we have all the suggestions which I desire to pursue. The fraternal congratulations of his Grace the president of this society to our General Convention at its cent ennial meeting has afforded the occa sion of which I am to take advantage. For our House of Bishops has com mitted to me the honourable privilege of expressing to the members of the venerable society that profound grat itude to the Church ot England with which our Church reviews the first century of its history, and of renew ing the assurance of our brotherhood in Christ. This anniversary of the venerable Society for the Propagation of the Gospel in Foreign Parts revives prec ious memories, calls for gratitude to the God of all grace ; and, from a comparison of the past with the pres ent, suggests some pregnant truths. The text infolds this natural line of thought. It was under the influence of such times as I endeavoured to character ise yesterday that this society was born. The century that had passed since the founding of the American colonies had ameliorated some of the features of a former age of stone, but had not one whit diminished the An glo-Saxon determination to become masters of the world. And the found ers of this society determined by God's grace that His Church should no longer be secondary in this work of colonisation, but should have, and be known to have, a primary function in the propagation of the Gospel. "They builded better than they knew." Al though " the world was set in their hearts," yet, as " no man can find out the work .that God maketh from the beginning to the end," the founda tions that they laid in the American colonies bear small proportion to the building that was set thereon. The traces of their generous labour are found in every colony — churches, school-houses, parsonages, glebes, gatherings of scattered members of the flock by the itinerant ministry of their missionaries, permanent strong parishes established where cities were being formed and population congre gated. Their influence was felt chief ly in Virginia, Maryland, Pennsyl vania, New Jersey, and New York. And these States to this day are the centres from which the Gospel in the Church is propagated among us. In this reminiscence it must never be forgotten that at no time did the society lose sight of its missionary vocation — its grand purpose, the con version of the savages. One of their earliest appointments — for Trinity Church in New York — was a cateehist for the Indians, of whom in 1710 there were 1,500 within the limits of that city alone. In 1738 the reports of their missionary, Barclay, were en couraging. He tells of a church among the Mohawks numbering 500 Christian Indians, with 50 communi cants. Later, specific mention is made of the progress of the Gospel among the negroes. And Trinity School in the city of New York was established by the aid of your society as a missionary school for these ignor ant classes. Still later, m 1755, your missioneries report that on occasion of administering the Lord's Supper some of their Indians came sixty miles to attend the sacred feast ; and that in Braddock's war six of the Mohawk chiefs who fell were communicants, and that their Sachem Abraham held divine service in the army morning and evening. "We read, with curious reflections to-day, in the eulogium of one of those grand old missionaries — settled near the capital Albany, Hud son river — that he was " placed on the furthest limit of the Messiah's Kingdon !" for all beyond it westward to the Pacific Ocean was a dismal gloom. In those days a missionary station 150 north to the city of New York was the furthest limit of Mes siah's Kingdom ! Faithful to the last in their mission to those heathen of the New-found- land, this society vindicated its right to its venerable title. It was indeed, comparatively, a small beginning. A narrow line of coast stretching along the Atlantic, from the mouth of the St. Lawrence to the Floridas, extending scarcely a hundred miles inland at any point south of New York, hemmed in by wilderness and savages. Yet in 1784, after the throes of the Revolution, seven of those colonies, then become States, sent fifteen clerical deputies to the first Convention, out of which grew the General Convention of our Church. These were representatives and although we have no record of the precise number of the clergy at that period (it is stated at 180) some idea is thereby given of the in fluence which had been extended by the Church of England ; and chiefly by this society then becoming vener able. But to-day, those seven feeble dio ceses have grown to sixty, including our home missionary jurisdictions. We have also four dioceses in foreign parts ; and the number of the clergy is thirty-five hundred. We have three hundred and sixty-five thousand communicants and a membership, not over-estimated, at two millions. We have one hundred and twenty charita ble houses and one hundred and forty institutions of learning, colleges, theological schools, and grammar school. The contributions of ou Church for Missions at home and abroad in these last three years, excluding diocesan Missions, were twenty-three millions of dollars, and the contributions for Church work, in its various branches, were twenty- nine millions. Statistics are not always impressive, nor even interesting except to stu dents of great social problems ; yet I have thought it due to his Grace, and the members of this venerable society, to show them, as far as figures may, what God hath graciously wrought in one century on the foundation which their generosity had laid. Still the purpose of God seems not to have, been fully accomplished. The work is opening before us every day. The population among whom we labour is more than fifty millions, The area of thirteen colonies which were the sphere of this society, was about five hundred thousand square miles. The area in which we are thrown to day is three and half millions of square miles. And the Anglo-Saxon deter mination to find and hold the ultima thule has lately added to our field Alaska and of the Arctic Zone, very far beyond " Greenland's icy moun tains," which Heber taught us to sing about, or the "ice-bound Labra dor," which was the limit of Hemans's gentle vision, and Mexico at the south is being rapidly bound up in our bundle of life by iron bands. Within the last three months trains run directly from New York to the city of the Aztees. Whether the Isthmus of Panama is to be a defence against invasion from the north, or a bridge to invite the Anglo-Saxon to wards Cape Horn, is part of the pro blem still unwrapped. For " He hath set the world in their hearts," and "no man can find out the work that God maketh, from from the beginning to the end." Such a review is crowded with in struction. For I must pass by the fertile and attractive field presented by the world-wide labours of this ven erable society, and the delightful sub ject of the motive, deep seated in their hearts, zeal for our Lord and love for our Christ. Other reasons apart, there is a limit to your patience, and should be to my sermon ; and the first of these topics had been treated so ably by Canon Barry (before his consecration), in his address to the society in October last, that nothing can be added ; and the second was so fully discussed by my colleague, the Bishop of Pennsylvania, in his sermon on the 177th anniversary of the ven erable society, that no additional words could deepen the impression. I desire, right reverend and beloved brethren, to present for your approv al two impressions fixed on my own mind by the study of this theme. 1\. The propagation of the Gospel by us must in all cases be accompaii- by a completely organised Church. Under no other conditions can we be fully successful. I emphasise, because I am speaking only of an Episcopal Church. Other influences of preach ing and the ministration of sacraments will certainly be felt, wheresoever and by whomsoever offered, and souls will be saved. Christ's blessed name and. Gospel, whenever truly preached, by whatever lips will be glorified. But our permanent influence depends upon our ability to organised converts into a complete Church, beyond which no thing of privilege can be offered or desired. It follows, if Episcopacy be Apostolical, still more positively if it be a divine ordinance — it follows from the experience of every past age of Christian history ; it follows from your own experience and from ours. In the earlier days of Missions we thought it quite sufficient to send forth heralds of glad tidings, and were satisfied when we received news of the outpouring of the Spirit on the Word preaching, and tidings of individuals conversions. But we soon learned that, however pure and earnest the spiritual nature may be, it needs in every nation equally the sympathy, defence, and strength afforded by its being made part of a body of faithful men. For the healthful life of the individual, the Church is a necessity, in foreign lands as at home — in foreign even more than at home. The result of your experience, as of ours, has been that no permanent Mission can exist without a Bishop. As I under stand it, your venerable society has kept this principle in view from its origin, and endeavoured always to propagate the Gospel within the safe guards and by means of the instru mentalities of the Church ; ever aim ing to give to Church colonies as full an organisation as circumstances would permit. It was your policy during our colonial history, for which we praise God. Our clergy and our churches continued under the super vision of your Episcopal bench, chiefly of the Lord Bishop of Loudon, receiv ing orders from the mother country, until the Revolution. Efforts to give us an Episcopacy of our own were hastened by that separation of the two nationalities. Perplexing ques tions arose, which made it necessary for us to apply to the Church in Scot land for the fulfilment of a desire in culcated by your venerable society. And we were met in Scotland by a cordiality truly fraternal. But as soon as political estrangement disap peared, the mother Church, by conse crating for us Bishops White and Provost, completed our independant life. Since that day, and including it, our Episcopacy has numbered 134, of whom sixty-eight survive, labour ing at home and in foreign lands. In all this making of Church history your venerable society manifiested a wisdom beyond the times. And in carrying this principle to its legitimate result our American Church in the year 1835, by an act of its highest authority, the General Convention, declared itself to be the missionary society, thereby absorbing all inde pendent organisations, and placed the whole missionary work, domestic and foreign parts of one inseparable whole, under the direction of the acknow ledged authorities of the Chuich. So decidedly, however, has the principle first adopted by the venerable society become the guiding principle of all Episcopal Missions, that now there is need of caution, lest by excess of or ganisation Bishops of sister Churches working side by side in heathen lands should not only waste strength and money, but should really prevent the Church which is to be built up there from grasping the true idea of Epis copacy and Episcopal unity — perbapaf inviting division of interest, perhaps leading finally to schism. 2\. The other impression alluded to is the inestimable value of Church endowments to the masses of the peo ple. The voluntary principle may be more philosophicailr correct; but, practically, no mode of Church support, other than endowments, will provide a Church for the people. I am not to argue it here, where the benefi cence of former ages has given your Church an opportunity of influencing the masses which no other Church in Christendom pessesses ; and of which blessed be God the Holy Ghost, your ministers, in these last days of religi- our revival, are availing themselves with a diligence that astonishes the world. Contract two facts England has a population of over 26,000,000. Tue United States twice as many; over 50,000,000. The Church of Eng land has provided sittingsinits church es for nearly one- half of the popula tion ; if to the 6,000,000 of permanent sittings be added the number of mov able sittings and the avaliable space in cathedrals and larger churches. For this accomodation, and the pas- torial care which it implies, no reci pient of the bounty can be required to pay one penny under the law. In the United States, under the voluntary principle, thirty religious bodies of every degree in orthodoxy have provided sittings for not one- third of the popation, by a liberal calculation, and for these, as a rule, every occupant is expected to pay ac cording to his ability every Sabbath. Payment is expected by rental, orsub-/\ scription, or what is called voluntary offering; the name does not modify the fact. So that in all Churches of America the Christian religion is very largely the religion of the favoured, classes ; whilst, because of its endow ment, the Churcb of England is, or ought to be and may be made to be, the Church of the people of England : for the poorest man among you, under tbe law, whatever may be practically the fact, has an equal right with the richest to the privileges of God's- house and His ministry. It is not s in the United States, and can never be'' so, except under a system of endow ments. This venerable society follow ed the guidance of that principle in all its work in the new world. It se cured glebes, built churches and par sonages, provided investments for maintaining its ministers, The result was that after the Revolution, when sufficient time had elasped for pass ions to subside, those portions of the Church which had been recipients of your benevolence and that of pre ceding colonisations immediately put on strength, and have continued to this day to feel the impulse. I refer especially to Yirginia, Maryland, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, and New York. It was natural that under the earlier excitements of revolutionary feeling politicians should have contemplated the confiscation of our Church pro perty, and in some few cases effected it. But when statesmanship began to exert its proper influence, and hones ty and conscientiousness resumed con trol of passion, our Legislatures, al most without exception, restored its property to the Church, and where the Legislature declined to act, the courts compelled the restoration. So that to-day in Virginia and Maryland parishes are nourished by provisions made for them centuries ago in Eng land, and in many instances those pro visos alone have prevented Church extinction in certain districts. In New Jersey, the Church in Burling ton and the Episcopate is largely in debted to the provision made for it by English liberality through this society. In Philadelphia, Old Christ Church, our mother Church, where our first General Convention was held, and our Centennial was celebrated ; where Dr. White succeeded to a long line of your missionaries, and for sixty years ministered, and where he transmitted to others the Episcopate which your Bphops committed to him — our ven erated Christ Church owes its origin, its early prosperity and existence as a link between the present and the pa3t, to English endowment and largely to the fostering care of this society. In New York, the early endowment of Trinity Church by a farm which then lay outside the north gate of the Fort, has been the origin of the great ly superior power of that diocese, and the fact that it now holds the position of leading influence. Because of its endowments and the wise administra tion of them, coupled with the finan cial advance of the city, the rector of Trinity Church has seven churches under his care, eighteen clergymen, and a musical staff of over one hun dred. Of those churches three are free, and a fourth practically free ; and its grants to twenty other church es and to charitable institutions exceed $100,000 per annum. But not only so, Trinity Church has been thus enabled to do a large missionary work within the State. It has built or added in building a large number of churches and parsonages, and given, especially to the older churches, of the city, large endow ments, so that twenty years ago its benefactions were stated by its rector, reckoning by the value of propertyat the time, as running into millions. The one diocese of New York has grown to five dioceses. That growth and strength are certainly owing en tirely to the one cause on which I am dilating; but the Endowments of Trinity were the introduction to this progress, gave it a first impulse, and liave generously sustained it. Our Bishops and especially our missionary Bishops, have not been slow to grasp this principle Bishop Chase founded the diocese of which I am the third Bishop ; but it was British liberality to which he and sub sequently Bishop Mcllvaine appeal ed, that founded Kenyon College and the Theological Seminary, and gave us Bexley Hall and Harcourt Parish and B-osse Chapel at Gambier. Those noble names keep ever in our minds >the beneficent wisdom of English Churchmen. They have laid the basis of whatever prosperity we have enjoy ed. That emdowmeni has increased to more than $500,000/. I have given the fact merely as an illustration. The first thought of our "Western missionary Bishops now is to procure endowments. They invest largely in land. As settlements in crease and as railroad enterprise de velops the country, those investments increase at a fabulous rate. For ex ample, in Nebraska, nineteen years ago, the Bishop entered on his work, having $1,200 and some acres of land, the latter being worth $2 per acre. When sold it had trebled in value. Bishop Clarkson left an endowment of his diocese worth more than $50- 000, and had expended in church, building and substantial improve ments $100,000 more. Let these figures suffice for the point which I am urging. Endow ments lie at the basis of a Church's power for usefulness, and the strength and facilities thus given it can alone enable it to become the Church for the masses and the poor. And now what remains but that the future shall build upon the past, and experience prepare for new ventures of faith ? The methods of former gen erations are not to be changed but are to be accomodated in a perfect form for present uses. The daughter Church has been ad mitted into fraternity of spirit and endeavour with the mother Church. That divine inspiration which in the last century impelled the founders of this society is now breathing in the whole Angelican communion. " He hath set the world in their heart " is not written of the little band alone who first caught the heavenly idea, but is the definition of a principle explaining a common end, the common methods and a common hope of the Church of England, Scotland, Ireland, the United States, the Dominion and the colonies — a mighty Church, which, in every part of the known world, is labouring in the same line of ac tivity to prepare this human nature for the coming again of the Son of Man. So precisely similiar are ends and methods among us all that there is some need of caution, lest by sur plusage of labour labour should be lost. As I understand it, one object of honourable position in which I appear before you is to emphasise the value of the Joint Commission on Mis sions appointed by the Lambeth Con ferences. That commission, rightly employed, will unify counsels, and prevent waste of materials in the mis sionary work of our Church. Our own foreign missionary sphere has been directed by providence which cannot be misunderstood. First, a struggle for national independence in Greece led to our first mission, that of Mr. and Mrs. Hill in 1820. Their work of charity and beneficence, of education, and cultivation, and eleva tion has received, as it deserves, the gratitude of a nation. One survives, the venerable Mrs. Hill, the mother of a regenerated Athens. I need not eulogise those workers, who, together with Miss Baldwin, have received so frequent a eulogium from those of your own body who have visited our schools in Greece. Second, the African nation in our midst presented the next call of and our Church began to prepare a Christian home in Liberia for freedom. The moment American emigration touched the shores of the Pacific we found ourselves next neighbours to the most populous, as well as the most cultivated, heathenism on earth. The Celestial Empire opened to us at once its commerce, pouring its pop ulation on our shores and inviting a return. Our Church could not but seize the opportunity. Our first thoroughly organised Mission was planted at Shanghai in 1844. Bishop Boone laid down his life in China for the people whom he loved ; and his successor, Bishop, Schereschewsky, has been the first to give the Bible to the Chinese nation in their vernacular. It was but a step from China to Japan. That empire was less ready than its neighbour to admit foreign manners and learning. But during the year that Bishop Williams and our Mission has been labouring there, commencing in 1859, a marvelous change has oc curred. The Pentecostal miracle seems about to be realised, under conditions of progress belonging to this nine teenth century. For the newspapers of Japan, the Government organ in cluded, are now discussing the value of Christianity as a regenerating force for the nation. Meanwhile the islands of Haiti declared its independence of ancient forms of government, and both needed, and in .1 860 received the help of our Church in settling its religious found ations. And, last, the land of the Aztecs and Montezuma claimed that the Church should send some restora tive for the disorders introduced by the irruptions of our frontiersmen. The American Church Missionary So ciety entered the field in 1873, and later a Bishop was consecrated ; and a Church affiliated with our own now oc cupies the cathedral of Mexico. It may be that by means of a natural ad vance of emigration beyond the Isthmus of Panama, Divine Providence has destined South America to become the last missionary field for our Church. We shall watch the progress of that emigration with anxious eyes. But for the Missions of the future, except on our own American continent we realise and rejoice in the fact that to the Church of Eng land God has given a special opportunity — that grand oid Church, which from amidst strange conflicts of the ages has gathered in crease of integrity, concentraton of energy, and consolidation of strength ; which to-day, as in no previous generation, is moving with unity of loving zeal towards the conquest of the world for Christ. Its divinely given oppor tunity is the glory of England. No other nation of Christendom carries the Cross in the forefront of its armies, or plants Christ ianity wherever it plants its feet. The pre sence of the Church of England is the moral power which gives the English nation its supremacy. National policy is the arm which in these days the Son of God is wielding as He steps grandly on in the centuries towards universal empire. Reluctantly it may he, but surely, the Anglo-Saxon determination to become masters of the world is opening the way for the Anglo-Saxon Church to fulfil its commis sion ; for " He hath set the world in their heart ; " and no man yet has been able to " find out the work that God maketh, from the beginning to the end. " Our adjustment of forces must change with changing times, but not the message — the propagation of the Gospel. The manifestation of Christ to every creature The development of Christ m every member of the body which He has redeemed. I wonder that modern science has not recognised in Christianity the grandest illustration of its lately formulated principle. Eor its evolution is the development of one germ, by a germin ation which repeats itself in every product ever progressing from the lowest toward the higher, and which from every several mem ber may be traced directly to the original th enthis is Christianity . " Christ in you. " That was the language which St. Paul employed " I in you. " That was the very language which our Saviour used to express the philosophy of His religion. A higher, nobler, more complete, more absolute- doctrine of evolution has never been written than in those words of our Christ, " I in you. 'y " He that abideth in Me, and I in him, bring- eth forth much fruit. " It is the natural law transferred to the world j Christ in each !. That one germ, developing itself by the force- of its own vitality, the same in each, differing not in the life itself, but only in the manifes tations of life according to the conditions by which it is surrounded, multiplying itself and at every step advancing, Christ in humanity, that is Christianity. And that development has given a history of Missions, foreign and domestic, in all the ages. And what an evo lution ! Prom that one germ, to human eyes so trifling, a life gone out upon the Cross, a life buried with the rest of the deaa, despised by a generation, remembered, believed in, trusted, loved, nourished by a few, in whom it abode, in whom was a living principle, and through whom it developed itself —from that one germ, evolving itself by the force of its own internal living power, employing a natural selection, or, as in our religious philo sophy we call it, a gracious selection — and depending for its advancement on the survival of the fittest ; from that one germ has been evolved this majestic Christianity of the nine teenth centuiy. Unwittingly, your venerable society a cen tury ago acted on a principle which modern science claims to have discovered only in these last years and treats as if it were new. In volution and evolution are equal forces. No man can evolve from the work of propagating the Gospel more than is involved. You must first put into it that which you hope to get out of it ; and, therefore, the founders of your so ciety, and their successors nobly following, laid amongst the foundations of our Church in the colonies every corner-stone on which we have builded. Grandly as this evolution has gone on year after year there is not one step of the progress which was not involved in the principles which you laid as the basis. And now for the future ; what remains but that we shall follow to their ultimate result the principles which you have enforced, two grand principles, as I read the history. 1st. The propagation of the Gospel. Nothing less, nothing else. The one single truth, that " Christ Jesus came into the world to save sinners. " But not merely in that phrase of it. The changed conditions of the age demand that the Church shall now expand its missionary message. We have something more to do than merely to preach the Gospel to the hea then. If there should be yet nineteen cen - turies in store for the propagation of the Gos pel in foreign parts then we might leave the grand germinal truth of Christianity to the power of its own germination in foreign parts and let the heathen wait until Christianity shall developed itself from among them as it did among our forefathers through the long centuries. But, whilst I do pretend to prophesy as to times, I certainly do not so understand our providential opportunity, nor the position of advanced Christian civilisation which we have reached. We are to place Christianity before the heathen in the light of that point in its progress to which we have attained. We are to give them Christianity, not merely in its rudi ments but in its development. Therefore the need not only of the hospital and the orphan asylum and the home for the age and infirm— those most gracious and beautiful exhibitions of the character of Christ which ought to be pro minent in every Mission— but also the school and college, and every feasible opportunity for studying science under Christian influences Shall we leave the heathen to receive their first impression of the divine revelations in nature from agnostics and infidels— for those who know not God and deny the Gospel of His Son P And we are to teach the heathen what we have learned by slow degrees through nineteen centuries — that Christianity holds the secret of civilisation and is the essence of the sweetness and the joys of communal life. W e are to instruct them how to apply Chris tian knowledge in the art of living. 2\. The propagation of the Gospel in the Church as the only means of securing its puri ty and permanence. Not the Church with out the Gospel, for that would he a body without the spirit ; and it needs- no philosophy to emphasise the Scripture declaration' that that is death. Not the Gospel without the Church, for that would be a spirit without its own body which, although a conceivable possibility, for, some other world, in this world and with our experience is not among enti ties. But the Gospel in the Church, the spirr it living, breathing, animating, working, giving - beauty, emotion, affection,, energy to the Body of Christ. . And the Church, the body, protecting,, preserving, limiting hy, wholesome bounds, but effecting by the wisest instru mentalities the loving purposes of Christ. To that combination of principles I, see no possibility of addition , to the succ'esful work ing of those principles so combined I see no possibility of an end until He Who is the sub stance of the Gospel and the soul of the. Church 8hall.make all thinks, perfect by His. own Divine presence. And then for motive-! The old- motives are passing away. When what was done in.iChipa,. yesterday will be read in to-morrow morning's paper ; when one can whisper in a telephone that " God is love," and a waiting ear can hear, it 2,00 miles away, I do not know how to describe either time or space by terms of. the old. vocabulary. We cannot utter the Gospel to-day so as to be heard by telegraph —not only in the old home of the Picts" and the Scots,, in Athens,, in once imperial Rome,, at the Pyramids, at sea where Pharoah, found a grave, at the Temple in Jerusalem, at the furthest point in India or in China which St,. Thomas reached in his missionary travels, .but in that then unknown land which is-so far east that it had become the West ern Continent, .and that is on the other side of this terrestial ball. What new relations, then, have time and space to the universality of the G.ospel f The regeneration of mankind 1 This evo ution in which. God has made us co-workers ; this evolving of the germ of Christianity into, the perfect likeness of Christ Jesus, in every heart and every life, of every human being, who will reoeive it, on this round world ! We are working for no supposititious good, but for an absolute certainty, I am willing to go again to our philosophy to learn the issue, if any of you have advanced so far that you can no longer depend on God's scripture of truth. For there is no teaching of the theory of evolution more clear and distinct that the promise of perfection for this human nature. If evolution teaches never-ending progress, and that death cannot end the life of a germ which has attained to independent existence. Force is persistent. Yes ! And therefore indes tructible and eternal. The latest advocates of evo lution teach precisely what St. Paul taught, who learned it of Christ, that this corruptible must put on incorruption. They say that this physical being, which has developed a brain and consciousness, which contains a soul, whether it be indirectly the result of phosphorus, or directly the creation of God, this being cannot pass out of something into nothing again. It is their way of putting the truth we learned our mother's knee — " this mortal must put on immortality." But for the closing of the moral gap, between the imperfect mortal who knows not God, and the per fected immortality which is to stand in the pre sence of God for ever, modern science has no word of promise -not even a theory. For that problem the divine philosophy of the Gospel offers the only solution— it is the persistent force of the revelation of regenerating grace. Within the gap the mis sionary stands. And we are helpers with him, if we nourish his strength by sympathy, call down heavenly aid by prayer, furnish material forces by our alms. And then cometh the end. For Christ must reign until He hath put all enemies under His feet. He reigns through the work that His Church is doing, His missionaries, and you and me. And then the end, when this evolution of Christ in all His members shall have wrought out every possibility of mortal perfection, and He shall have delivered up the kingdom to God even the Father ; then the immortality ; the end of the lin gering centuries, the beginning of all things new ! Meanwhile the daughter Church of America sends me to-day, with greetings to the mother Church of England, assuring our devoted love, our cordial co-operation, and our earnest prayers that God will continued to her in His grace undiminished oppor tunities for blessing the " world " which, from the beginning of the history of this society. God " ha th set in her heart, - -Guardian. 