b' L NL> AY SERVICES.. , BISHOP BARRY AT 8T. MARK'S, DARLING POINT. Yesterday morning the Primate preached before a large congregation at Ss. -Mark's, Dariing Point. The Text was Romans VI., 4 — " As Christ was raised from the dead by the glory of the Father, even so we also should watk in newness of life," His Lordship re marked tbat cn that day was closed tho grsat Easter festival. It conld hardly be needful for him to repeat tho direct Easter teaching, which iu various forms had been pressed upon the congregation again and again. The resurrection of our Lord had dorbta Iff sheen brought before their minds and hearts in it) threefold aspect. There was the Resurrection of the past— the great central fact of hnman history, which, when preached first, bound the world to tho service j of our Lord aud Master. There wa3 the resurrection . of the present— the seed of a new spiritual j life ; and there was the resurrection of the future — the euro and certain hope, which wa3 ; tbe Christian's joy of onr resurrection at the great day. The whole cycle of Easter doctrine ; had been bronght before them. To grasp it thought fully and completely, needed, perhaps, a degree of thought which men too rarely gave, at least in ; Church, and a degree of knowledge belonging to com- i paratively few ; but to know it in substance, to feel its effect on tbo mind nnd the son), belonged to many From no one need it be hidden ; to many, he trusted, | it had been revealed afresh, as another Easter liad ' made the veil that hid the nnseen world thinner, and j tho approach of death brought the resurrection nearer to them. Lite the disciples of the first Bister Day, they had looked into the empty sepnlehre, seen, j and believed. Now, they were going back again to ! their own home. They were returning to the ordi- j nary round of common life, which, be it remembered, onght to be a Christian life, pnro nnd simple in its amusements, free from folly nnd luxury, drunkenness and profancness : true, honest, kindly and unselfish in its working days ; thoughtful, faithful, reverent in the highest aspect, in the attitude of the spirit to wards God. When they went back to that life, did they desire and know how to show that the Eister festival had been a reality to them, not a mere fashion, taken up, because it was common so to do, because it was easier to follow the stream of con vention than to stand against it ; not a mere pass ing excitement of high and holy thoughts — raising ideas that wonld never be worked out, stirring feel ings that evaporated in tho expression of tho moment, calling forth prayers that were forgotten as soon nB nttered — nut something real and trne, telling on their life and character, their very selves ? Had they the " newness of fife ?" If men looked at their fives, in their thoughts, actions, beliefs, aud hopes, what signs w ould they seo of nny difference from the fives of those who did not call themselves Chrietiaus ; what signs that wonld, in nny sense, show they had "risen with Christ." The "newness of life" must have two chief aspects— one that re garded the present, nnd ono that looked on to tho future. For man, as man, there was a twofold fife — a life oi tho outer, and a life of the inner world. He had not only a body, with its needs and appetites, and a soul, with its passions and affections, in" which he was akin to the brutes that perished, but he had a Fpirit. a mind, a conscience, a power of spiritual love and aspirations after God, which belongod to him as man. By the appetites of the body and the affections and passions of the soul he was bound verv much to this visible world. He was forced to beuoii- on the lower earthly life very much of his labour, time, and tboughr, for so God had ordained by the law of His Providence. On the other hand, by the ! Spirit, man rose abovo it. At the command of the j Spirit, lie learnt to give up, or care little for the corn- ; forts, riches, ami doings of the out.vsrd life, to bear ' up n_g.air.st its cores and distractions, its anxieties ! aud weariness, and to live an inner life of thought, moral resolution, and affection, and, perhaps," of : prayer and communion with Gad." No m rn that nog- i iected the inner 1-fe of the Spirit was a true man, bat i sank to the level of the brute creation ; nnd if he , sank to that level he was sure to sink far below it. : What was the old life— the old man, the old leaven— i which was to be cast out ? It was simply the power ' of sin, which penetrated and enfeebled tho body — in gluttony and inxury, in drunkenness and impurity — nntil the very face grew coarse, nnd the whole bodily frame was corrupted and decayed ; which disturbed and perverted the soul, stirred the passions to run riot, and lighted op the fierce flrme of Inst, tho dull rod heat of carelessness, and the sndden blaze of vanity and ambition, which perverted even onr best affec tions to an idolatry of man, in which onr higher self and our lovo of God -were lost. Sin deadened tbo spirit by tho passion of falsehood, dishonesty, and hypocrisy, by the cold hardness ofjpride, rebellion and unbelief. Sin was a leaven. Already the beginning of corrupt'on, it ended in putrefaction and death. All moral newness of fife was simply tbe casting out of the leaven of mnliconnd wickedness ; but Christian new ness of fife was distinguished as casting it oat, not by our own inner strength, for we know that to be but weakness, by tho atonement of Christ on the cross, by the crace of Christ, wbish was a spiritual resurrec tion. Newness of life was the entrance into a com- mur.ion v. ith Christ, which was an entrance into the kingdom of God. What were the signs that we were not merely in, bnt also of the kingdom — living as true members of the kingdom of Heaven? He. Paul should answer. " Tbe kingdom of God is righteous- : ' - -, pern'.', joy in the Hoiy Ghost." Those charac teristic toiuiht d plainly and mmiistakeably both the outer nnd the inner spheres of our life. In the outer si'htre there was to he righteousness and peace to wn id - ii.cn, i e , righteousness in perfect truth' h iting j every approach to a fie, in unswerving honesty, j e lurking from every form of deceit, tii ; glad recognition of duty, far above law, to r. .r family, our city, our country, our Church. It was peace in that spirit of love which Hr. Paul so gloriously described — in humility, foi heal. li e., ar.d forgiveness, in personal affection to the individual, in the enthusiasm of charity and self-sacrifice for mankind generally. If such a spirit really did reign, the earth would be even now a Paradise. When, after 18 e-iuturies of, Christianity, we Icoki d on i.oci' ty, and saw it honeycombed with the hollow ne s- of falsehood and dishonesty, saw it broken up, divided, man from man, c'ti-s from class, by selfi.-hnes-, could we wonder that the unbeliever asked, in triumph, the believer, in perplexity, " Where is the Christiat newness of life? Where is the king dom? What is righteousness and peace?" Yet, even that was net all. It touched also the inner _ life of tho soul, in that it was " Peace ar.u joy in the Holy Ghost." It was peace in Gcd — the sense of His forgiveness in Christ the rest ing absolutely on His providence, whatever it might bring, ar il on His grace, whatever might seem to tronhle ami to threaten na — tho habit of communion with Iliui, as that which yielded naturally the great feast of love. I twas moro than that. It was joy in the Holy Ghost, i.e.. a real enthusiasm of faith and of love, rejoicing in sacrifice, counting it not merely duty, but joy to spenB and be spent for Him, even ub our Lord in actual joy endured the cross and despised the shame. That was the true inner fife ; it should be the inr.er life of all Christians, yet he almost feared, as he faintly described it, lest he should seem to be speaking words transcendental and mired, what men called "pious imaginations having no counterpart in daily fife." Bat if Easter was any reality to people, if "the words "dead with Christ and risen within Him," had to tbera any meaning at all, they would be in some degree walking in the " newness of life." and, in the same degree longing, siiiving, praying to do so more perfectly. Jdiliicir.s of souls had so walked already. Be sure that every one who eo walked was not only working out his own salvation, ar.d offering the hoiuagu of his own soul to Christ, hut was also preaching Christ to others, by i he fiiiviit witness of bis life, more e'o- quentiy than if he spoke with the tongues of men and angel.-. I; a'l Christians were really Christians in " newness of life," unbelief and sin would pine and die away, and no further miracle be needed to compier the whole world to the cross cf CL i is t. The " newness of life" had its aspects towards the future. If we believed that we should rise agaiu from the dead, as the Lord himself rose, for an eternal fife hereafter, aud also knew that, as members in Christ, we ha 1 in us the seed of the new life which should fill the eyes of tbe hereafter, how was it possible for us to bo ab sorbed in this present visible life, its sin, its pleasures, its occupations, its hopes, as if they were alt ? How was it possible for us never to be looking onward, striving and praying for tbe heaven of tho second resurrection ? Conld a man be walking in " newness of life " who never, in some degreo, looked onward ? No doubt the degree of this " look ing onward " will differ in different ages and characters. Some, even in faitb, live more in the present kingdom of God; others, neither moro nor less faithful, five moro in the future. And, no doubt, as this fife gradually ebbed away, as it was found less satisfying even in its last elements, as tho objects of our iovo were drawn ono by one from us within the veil, tho thought of the future wonld grow upon us till, like the old apostle, almost weary of long waiting, when ail else had fallen asleep, we haiied the words — ' I come quickly," and cried out, " Come, Lord Je3us." But all who believed in a resnrrection must look to it, should look on to it, nnd feel in the foresight of the new life of heaven, a newness of fife even now. Therefore, before his brethren clcsed thisJEaster Festival, earnestly he would > xhort and entreat them to ask themselves in eilent thought, face to face with God, whether there w as in them any real existence of ' newness of life." If they bad it not, Easter was not yet a true Easter to them. God grant it to become so. If they had it, if they could say, humbly and yet sincerely, be fore God, " I am striving and praying to be risen with Christ, to seek things heavenly here, to seek the things tbat arc above," let tbem be of good cheer, for, whatever might befall them, their fife was hid with Him in God. The end was sure.- Our Lord died for onr sins, because our sins had been com- mitted. He rose for our justification, because it had already been accomplished in the mercy of God. When He should appear, the consummation of all things would came in perfect righteousness and por ted love. AU ltu peritenon wuutU vuaisu, aud »< j j poor, eak, einful aa vrc now were, shonld appear with Him glory. What more could be siren ua beyond that, Oven of the lore of God ? 