ACTING. of Standard, J So many admirable actors are found off the stage that it is odd there, should not be more than there are upon it. The detective who is in league with the thieves, fraud ment accountants, bank managers who have robbed safes, and others who have betrayed various trusts-many have been heard of during recent years must be hard put to it to keep up a semblance of honesty and innocence, of indignation against wrongdoing and conscientious regard for right. Their difficulty in all the greater for the reason that they must be always on their guard, never know- ing when the supreme efforts will be demanded of them ; whereas the professional actor has only to submit himself to the strain for certain set periods. Acting off the stage, however, is diametrically opposed to acting on it. The actor proper, if Robert Lloyd's poem be an authority, must do just what the actor improper-the man who in private life seems to be what he is not should never do. To the one standard make your list appeal, Here lies the golden secret : learn to fool.'' Such is the advice given by Lloyd in the poem of " The Actor;" but off the stage the actor must learn not to feel-actors, that is to say, of the sorts to which reference' has been made-or must at any rate learn to hide his feelings. How difficult the art is to come to the footlights and consider only the sort of acting on which they shine, is known to all people except the average amateur actor. To do set and studied things naturally, as if they were the out- come of momentary impulses; to do them, moreover, without that self- consciousness which is the bane of so much acting is far from easy ; indeed, it is to a great extent true that the more easy acting appears to be, the more difficult it is. "Should your people in tragedy always talk to be understood V Sir Roger de Coverley asked, when he went to see the new tragedy with "The Spectator." The players seem to have spoken reasonably, but Sir Roger's biographer says, " Upon the entering of Pyrrhus, the knight told him that he did not believe the King of France himself had a better street." from which it is to be in- ferred that Pyrrhus did not move naturally. There seems reason to suppose that a good deal of overacting was rife in the palmy days " A single look more marks the Internal woe Than all the windings of the lengthened OF 1" Robert Lloyd points out, and the hint conveyed in, the couplet may be applied to the portrayal of other emotions besides grief. The secret of natural acting is that it must not be absolutely natural but must appear to be so. There is always something to remember on the stage. Even in a modern drawing-room sane people do not behave behind the footlights just" as they would do in the veritable drawing-room, while in the more lofty comedy, and especially in tragedy, as the author idealists, so must the author's representative. No doubt the idealisation was frequently exaggerated. It is so in many cases at the present day ; but it is probable that exaggeration was very much more rife in those palmy days about which some people still continue to talk. Thus actors still alive speak of a time when in order to point a finger at a man on the stage, something more than a score of distinct movements of hand, wrist, arm, and shoulders had to be gone through before the formalist was satisfied. No man ever went through all these movements off the stage, to point the hand was an infinitely less complicated matter ; but this was a circumstance which the formalist did not for a moment care to take into consideration. His only thought was to do what he imagined looked effective on the stage. Only within the last few months an illustrated manual of acting has been issued, the careful adherence to which would probably cripple a promising young actor's style for the vest of what would be his un- natural life. It is on record that Macready chalked lines on the stage at rehearsal, beyond which those who had scenes with him were never to pass under terrible pains and penalties and this must have been a sore detriment to natural acting. When the thwarted tyrant strode angrily towards the here it must have interfered with the reality of the scene if he suddenly remembered that he had stridden two paces too far, and that the continuance of his salary was in consequent jeopardy. But acting eau be, on the other hand, too un- studied and tame; what is accepted by credulous audiences as suppressed force may be want of force altogether. Thus Mr. George Henry Lewes cavils at the praise which Fielding bestows upon Garrick's Hamlet, where, in "Tom Jones," the novelist expresses his views through the mouth of Partridge, I am sure if I had seen a ghost I should have looked in the very same manner, and done just as he did," the little man declared, whereas he liked the king, who spoke " half as loud again as the other," " Anybody may see he is an ador," Partridge declined. To this, with some truth, Mr. Lewes objected that " the manner of a frightened Partridge can never have been at all like the manner of Hamlet." The inference Mr. Lewes draws is that Garrick under-acted in order to be natural, but he admits that the ground on which the inference is based-the accuracy of Part- ridge's criticism-may not be trustworthy. If in truth Garrick did back in the right road, and was natural, it is certain that there have been since his time some lapses into the ancient ways where he was esteemed the best actor who spoke the loudest, and where kings structed with what their representatives believed to be regal dignity. The poet already quoted had experience of these, and made some shrewd remarks about them : scheme placing natures fill the allotted scene With lifeless drone, insipid and serene; While others thunder every couple o'er. And almost split your ears with rant and roar. Moro me turn off and finest strokes are shown in the low whisper than in tempestuous tone ; And Hamlet's hollow voice and vivid visage More powerful terror to the mind convoys Than he who, swollen with big. impetuous rage, Bullies the bulky phantom off the stage." Lloyd's lines are not always graceful, his verses very often do not scan, but his criticisms are to the point. That actor rises highest who touches most deeply the founts of emotion in his auditors. If all that is said of Edmund Kean be true, he must have been unsurpassable. Mr, Lewes describes him as Othello in his later days when the admirable critic saw the great actor, or rather, perhaps, it should be said the wreck of the great actor, but a wreck with much that was grand about it. The actor looked party by the side of Macready, the large, and physically he was a mere shadow of his former self, the tragedian who was so excellent as a harle- quin ; but in the third act, " when roused by Rago's taunts and insinuations, he moved towards him with a gusty hobble, seized him by the throat, and, in the well-known explosion, ' Villain, be sure you prove,' else., seemed to swell into a stature that made Macready appear small. On that very evening," Mr. Lewes continues, " when gout made it difficult for him to display his ; accustomed grace, when a drunken hoarse 1 ness had ruined the once matchless voice, ยก such was the irresistible pathos-manly,, not tearful-which vibrated in his tones and c.vprujLsstl Itself in looks and gestures, that I old men leaned their heads, upon their Rosina and' fairly robbed,"-' What is called on the stage " climates acting" ' is usually a somewhat lower form of art for the reason that it is, as a rule, a phase of mimicry. An actor who entirely conceals his own identity, merges his individuality into that of the character he portrays, so that those who know him well do not recognise him when he enters, or even at. first when he speaks, accomplishes no mean feat ; but the ability is to he less esteemed if the personage he presents" is a copy of someone whom the actor has studied, and not an original picture, as in pictorial art the copyist is inferior to the original designer. What Mr. G H. Lewes describes as pictorial gesture, gesture which is descriptive is infinitely less artistic than that which is symbolical. It is said of the elder Farren, who was remarkable for his ability in impersonations old gentlemen, that his air of high breed ing was different in Lord Ogleby, Sir Peter Teazle, Sir Anthony Absolute, the Country Squire, and many other parts ; but it had always Ihn seal of distinction." If the reader will reflect on this statement, he will see how much acting of the highest class demands. 