; The Cauifield Cup Day. The first act in the great annual racing drama was concluded on Saturday, at Can field. The patrons of the club were par tieularly unfortunate the previous Saturday as regarded the weather, ana aga n uu Friday evening the symptoms were un favourable, but fortunately belied promise, and only tended to improve the turf an cool the air. The prospect of a pleasant day and good racing were temptations too strong to be resisted by the average racegoer, and accordingly tbe numerous specials which left Flinders street station were filled to re pletion, while the road was also weH patronised. The attendance on the course was consequently larger than at any previous meeting at Cauifield. The whole prospect was a very animated one. The favourable change of weather had the effect of adding much more colour to the lawn scene fcnau ou the initial day, some very handsome and tasteful costumes being worn. His Excellency tbe Governor was present, and a band lent a,n additional attraction to the general proceedings. The flat was thronged with the usual miscella neous concourse, prominent amongst which were those aspiring " Leviathans " .who delight to ape the style of their superiors in the saddling paddock. The latter spot was the scene of more bustle and excitement than ever before characterised a Cauifield Cap gathering. As usual, the " ring" was a conspicuous feature, their chorus being to the same "old tufce," and including in its range every organ, from "the piping childish treble" to, the "big manly voice." The sheds were, as usual, the objects of much attention from these who delight to see the various equine candidates undergo their toilette. The Selling Race being the first on the programme, acted as an appetiser to the general racing feast, and afforded an oppor tunity of modest distinction to those horses who did not pretend to Cup form Still, the event was contested by some very capable animals, and Mistake, who was eventually returned the winner, at one time ranked with the. best in tbe laud, ®r late, however, he has shown a sad f il'iifg off, and his owner has been content to let him earn his oats in an unassuming way. The race was a very good one, but the son of Dante came just at the right time, though Castaway made a bold bid for victory, and the appropriately named Stone Broke was also in close company. The in terest always added by a spice of danger was not wanting in the Hurdle Rac, which Drought forth a numerous and high- class field. Happily, all the timber was nego tiated without the slightest mishap, and the contest throughout was decidedly interest ing, but ultimately the light-weighted Hazard proved his superiorit3', and won a well-earned victory by several lengths. The Hon. W. Pearson secured second and third positions with Gasalier and Tattler The Nursery Handicap resulted in a splendid contest. The Teacher, on the strength of his gentlemanly looks, was installed first favourite, and for once, at least, appearances did not prove deceptive,- as he gained the judgesr verdict by a head, after a desperate struggle with the New" South Wales good- looking representative, Wolseley, and Mr. Whittingham's handsome filly, OoLta, whose brilliant rush was the feature of the race. The great event of the day— the Cup— came next in order.. Of the twenty-eight candidates whose names appeared on the card, cot one was scratched, but all pre pared .to take their part in the fray. The favourites held their customary levees in the paddock, each animal having its own little circle, of admirers, who probably had, as usual, endorsed their "fancy" in a hub stantial manner, much to the ultimate grati ficxuon of the ring. Coulston, who wag credited with carrying an immense sum of money, looked in splendid fettle, while Vergy, the candidate next in public favour, also bore himself well, Malua had mauy friends, who believed in the ability of the brilliant son of St. Albans to add the Cup fo his long list of triumphs, and the appearance of the Sydney horse also gained him many friends. Martini-Henry was the centre of a large circle who pinned their faith to the blue and white, and certainly the Derby victor seemed fit to run for a mam's life. Que of the most improved horses io the piddock was Signor, who, had not unlooked-for mis fortune befallen him, must have played a prominent part in the eontest. The auimat, however, that eventually romped home in front of them all was completely unnoticed, and left the paddock almost friendless. The sight was a very pretty one as the horses mustered at the starting-post. The fractiousnessof Iron Hand delayed pro ceedings for some time, but as the flag was lowered a simultaneous blending of rainbow hues told that the start was a good one. A« the brilliant . cavalcade dashed past the stand, Signor, who was in the centre of the throng, fell, and threw his rider. For a moment, a serious accident was feared, but the spectators were reassured as they saw the jockey gain his feet, while the riderless horse galloped on with its companions. Yately and Helene alternately held the pride of place, until entering the straight for the run home, where an uu- known chesnut mare momentarily puzzled the watchers by assuming command. Her name was familiar enough, however, a few moments after, . as, drawing right away from the field, she passed the winning post several clear lengths iu front of all other contestants. Lord W i ton struggled success fully for second houours, while Vergy, who was interfered with 1 during the race, was close at his girth. Malua cune with a great rush a distance from home, but was only rewarded with fourth position. The Open Steeplechase resulted in a fine contest between Straggler and Echo, the former proving victorious by a head. The Windsor Handicap was productive of a good field, 'Antf In this Tasmajplayro caught, and won ftpai Hurricane, who was folio wed. homo bylrralee. i -'V Skllinu Rack, of 100 sovs. 1 "Hie winner to bs wAd (»r L150. Fivefurioggs- Mr 4. Rsjui's h h Mistvke, by Dante -«tooWo ve, fi rrar7n L 7t. 7lb .. " . . / ' - " J»»OWn A Mr J. R. C-J 'el 's b m Castaway, 6 yti (nth Hb " gtawaai. z Mr A. T. Owen's b g Stone Broke, S yn (nfi), 6«t Uricarried 6 it 3'b) ® Mr F. Tbuor's hr m Tell TWe, aged (£60). 8st Kb (ciri ied 9st 31b) .. .. -- Mr A G. Webb's b g Pole Ster, 6 yrs (£60), 8t 71b i. . MaybfiW- 0 Ben W. Pearson's b g Northern Light, n " u Mr D. M. Robertson's bl h Hannibal, 2 yrs (oil). 7<ft 71b - - Kicholon 0 Mr . Miller's oh g Hopeb an, i yrs (nil), 7 ft 71b .i UW8 0 Mr W. Chlrert s (jun ) b g Satire, sg d (nil), 7st 71b »» . WllMWl v Mr J. Whittingham's g c Achmet. 2 yra (£100), 6st lllb .. .. -- 0 Mr S. Miller's br o Pan, 3 yrs (ml) 6stllb M'Intosh 0 Betting : 5 to 2 agst Stone Broke, 3 to lags Castaway, 4 to 1 ag.-t Mistake and Hannibal. Tell Tale and Stone Broke got first away, the latter immediately assuming the lead, Mistake and Achinet lying dose at hand. At tbe sod wall Mistake deprived Stone Broke of the command, while Hannibal tod Hopotoun commenced to move forward, and Castaway also showed prominently. Coming into the straight, Hannibal and Mistake were in the van. Stone Broke and Achmet being on their quarters. A good race home ensued, Mistake ultimately gaming the verdict by a length from Castaway. Stone Broke was third, fol lowed by Achmet, Hannibal, Pan, Satire, Northern Light, Polestar, and Tell Tale last. Time, lmin. 5ec. Second H-dbdle Rack, a handicap sweep stakes of 3 sovs. each, with 100 added. Two nnlai Mr A. F. Sullivan's br g H tzard, by Bertie— venfcuress. 4 yrs, lOst lib . . - . - Kjtt 1 Hon W. Pearson's b m Gasalier, 5 yrs, IDst IITb ... .. _ CtrpTkt 2 Hon W. Pearson's ch m Tattler, 6 yrs, 9st 71b . , M'EinlSy 8 Mr J. O. Inriis's br g Sundowner, aged. lOst 7ib Owner 6 Mr J. Simeon's bl h Sinking Fund, 6 yrs, Ibst (fib — Harden O Mr R Griffltbs's eh g Scoheloff, aged, lOst 51b Hus&sy; 0 Mr A. Wauzh's b b Matador, azed, 10«t flb. . Allen 0 Mr J. M 'Grade's br h Tantaliser, 6 yrs, lOst 2Tb Choker 0 Mr H. W. Peglers g g .Fishhook, aged, fefc 101b Murdoch 0 Mr D. S. Wallace's b g Don Quixote, 6 yre. 12-t 01b Mr W. Glascock 0 Mr G. Davis's b h Ditto, 4 yrs. 9st 51b . . Fergusson .0 Betting': 5 to 2 agst Gasalier, 6 to 1 agst Don Qnixote, 6 to 1 agst Hazard, 7 to 1 agst Seobeloff, 8 to 1 agBfc Sinking Fond. After one false attempt, the flag fell te a good start. Matador, however, became fractious, and refused to go with the field. Wimn the horses were fairly on their legs, Tantaliser rushed . to the front, and made piay oyer the first hurdle, at tended By Fishhook, Sundowner, Hazard, and Sinking Fund and Scobeloff, Mr. Pearaoh'ts pair bringing up the rear. Much the same order prevailea round 'the ; tain, but on entering the' straight Scobeloff took second place. Passing the stand, Tantaliser still held command, three lengths in advance of Sinking. Fqpd and Scobeloff, Hazard holding a good positiou in the centre, the rear being brought up by Tattler and Don Quixote. Rounding the turn, Hazard ran ioto third position, wttn Scobeloff next. No material alteration in the relative positions was observable as they , descended the hill, but at tbe back Scobelon passed Tantaliser. Passing the .sod wall, Gasalier speedily ran through her field, and rounding the turn she assumed a strong lead, wilh Hazard in hot pursuit. The Gippslana mate led ever the first hurdle but . was chal lenged in the run home by Hazard, wbo won comfortably by couple of lengths ; Tattler wafe, third, Sundowner fourth, Scobeloff and Ffenhobk next, and Ditto, a long way off, last. TCiae, 4min. 3sec. 1 NtndtE&r; Handicap, a sweepstakes of 3 sovs. each, .with 100 added. For two-year-olds. Kttt furlongs and a half. Mr A. R. Robertson's b c-The Teacher by QaDg Forward (Qup)— Eiuiiy Faithful (imp) J&t; 51b ... . ' ; . Moore; 1 Mr J, Motfdy'e b c Wols-ley, 8st . . Kiciho yon " t Mr X WhiLtingham'sch f Ociata, Sat Wrflianas S' Mf HarpwV b f Violet, 8st ffib . ; -'-7 . ;lJair 0- Mr H Jo.Wb b t Fi'fet Pop. ast 8ib T. Wiffiams i Mr F. Tcraer's br c Wt Stmtnster, 8st 41b M Grath o Hod Wj Poirgon's b t Danseuse, 8at 2ib nower 0 Mr it. Mifebell's b or hr f Merry Xmas, 7st 121b \- -- Nerriker 0 Blou tf, Peafsou'a br c Gisb irner, 7st lClb Rilby ' "C Mr W A frigate's ch i Delaroia. 7t 91b. ."Weazel 0 Sir W. J. Clarke's br g Chiabm. 7st 6Ibv ' Ga«han 0 Mr Miller's ch f Naroeeo,Vst 21b" Oals 0 Mr G. H. .Hart's b c BaLfinch. Ssii 3lb ... D-itwieh . 0 Betting : 3 to I agst Violet, 4 to 1 each agst The Teacher and Wolseley, o to l agst Ocista. Gasburner gained a considerable advantage at the stayb, with First Pop following, Merry Xtriafc getting avav badly. At jthe. sod wall Odsta, Delamia, and ViDlet W Cra together in front, but rouuding tfie turn Wolseley came with a rush, and qrtldkly disposing uf the leaders, turned Into toe straight with a strong lead. ' Relow- the distando, however, The Teacher emerged from the fUck. and gamely answering the call his rider, got on terms with the leader in front of the lawn, and a desperate finish ensued, resulting in a victory fox The Teaeher t>y a gecd head ; Orieta was third, a simr-ar distance behind Wolseley j Violet was a close fourth, First Pop next, and Merry Xmas last. Time, 59aee. CAtrLFiELD Cup, a handicap' of 2,000 sovs. ; 1,300 so vs. of the said sum to go to the first horse, in addition to a trophy, value 200 guineas, the gift of Mr. Matthew O'Sha- nasBy ; 500 sovs. to the second, and 200 -ovs. to the third. The winner of any handicap race of the value of 100 sovs. after the declation of the weights to carry 51b. extra ; of two sudh races, or any race of the value of 200 sovi. 7ib. extra ; of any such race" of the value of 500 sovj. 141b., extra. ; Penalties not cumulative except where expressly stated. ' O e mile and a half. ch m Blink Botroy, by St Albans— Medes, 6yrs,7st8!& .. Btatr 1 Mr B W. Effi-s's ch h Lord Wilttjn, 4 yrs, i0o r Mr J. A. Lang's br h Vergy, "# yrs. 7 t 71b "V - Bobt rtsm s Mr V wSl8 1 K fl' 12lbi Pyuri a Mr J. Wh,te s b b MarGni-Henry, 4 jrs 9-tftib HW. Peiurson'a bur br h FryinPan, 5 yre.'sTt ML.-" h RM>id. B yea (iucbidi s 71b penaJtv), 85t 7Ib . . .. . 0 Mr T. nampsons b h Hastings, 5 yrs (includinl- 71 1 penary). 8st Mb .. t : Mr H.TL FaUriner's b g Kiogwood, 6 yw, Bst V P®8?0 6 2ib i Mr b Millers b or br h Boo'ki, 5 5TS, 6«t lib- | Mr D. S WalUce's bh Oapri. 4yrs n; M»D. . Bobsimk ® Mr M Loughlin'S b g 3Jrifeh?r, fiyrs, 7stil1b ; Mr j. Mr li m CtonJwS >re, 5 7 Me A r. Hon-W. PeBr0oas"b kr Jnnifaand, b ' Mr J. Rsdtrarn'e to b Bend Dr.i'yrs, 0 MrA. t. Smart's Mh Privateer, 4 yrs, Trt1 9 Mr E. P. Wilson's br or bl h Mgnor, 4 yrs. 6st isib Mr j. 0. Bell's b h Norfolk, 5 yrs, 6»t lSlc?? ® Bir W. J. Olarke't br g Vt rnet. 4 yrs, ct ub Mr C H/f/HarUs to h The Agent, 6 yts. 0 -Mr" W. H. Gray's b ' h F1 Ag Jib, 6 yfeX 0 MessrsBobertson Bitw" b or br f Hdene, 8 0 101b . >: - .. .. Weuzel n Mr CL W. Bowmarfs br e L-.vi igton, 3 yrs. 101b . . .. . Cracfciiell 0 ; Betting : S to 1 agst Yergy, 6 to 1 aget Co! . stoun, 10 to 1 agst Martini- Henry, 12tol each agst Helene and Hastings, 14 to 1 agst Frying pan, 16 to 1 agst Claptrap, 20 to each#3t Lord Wilton and Blink Bonny. . Sonne dplay oocnirrtd at tbe post owing to Iron Hand breaking away, but he was nuickly got under Control, and brought back to th» rank, which stretched, right across the course Culatoun, the favourite held a good position in the centre. Martini-Henry aud Clan- trap got the best of a good ctart Yatelv also showing in the van. Coming ud the straigbt . Helene forged to the front and led past the stand, being followed by Yately Vernei, Battailous, Veigy, Privateer, and Iron Hand, the rest being all in a cluster J ust after the horses had pasEed tbe stand Signor stumbled and unshipped bis rider the oolt continuing on with tbe fidd! At tbe hill, Helene still held the pride of plane. Yately being close up, and then came Battalions, Rapid, Norfolk, Vernet, Privateer Oofetoun, Boolka, Capri, Martini- Heory' Despot, and The Agent last. Along tbe back stretch Yately deprived Helene of the ltad. B&ttafious; still held third position, and a$»r him eame Rapid, Vergy, Fryingpan Itonbawd, and Boolka, while Colstoun ban to drop baok. The order was very much the same at. the sod wall, where Yately still Held a good lead, with Helene and Battalions dose by. tswd Wilton's colours here became oohifpicaous, while Vergy nnd Norfolk likewise occupied good positions. As tbe Gavcade nesred the turn, Blink Bonny went forward, and as they entered the straight deprived Yately of toe lead ; Lord Wilton also ran into a foremost place. Two hnndtejl yards from home Blink Bonny eame nshfc away from the field, and was never caught, winning easily by two lengths, Load Wilton- securing , second honours. Malaa came with a great rush a distance fr?m home, but could not deprive Vergy of third f'ace. Claptrap was fifth, Heleue sixth, avingtoh next; then followed Yately, Fryingpan, Norfolk, Colstoun, Conjecture, ana the remainder in a cluster, Bend Or whippibg in. Time, 2tnin. 40£ec. Open Steeplechase, a handicap sweepstakes of 7 sovs each, with 200 added. The second horse to receive 25 sovs. from tbe stake. About two milea.and a half. Mr Loeb's to g Straggler, by Argus Scandal, aged, 9t 9Jb .. .. . .. ... Allen 1 Mr B. H. Falkiner's to g Echo, azed, lOst 61b .. ... .. . .. .. . Keating 2 MrS. M. Wilson's b g Denmark, aged, 10$t 51b ' .. .. " ;.v . .. ..Gree S Mr W. Nell's g g Marquis of Waterford, aged, list 8ib .. .. . . - MGowjn 0 -Mr ; G. S. Harris's to g Chester, aged, list . 4lb .. .. Dalley 9 Mr M. Lc ughlin's b g Fame, aged, Hit 2ib .. Oorrigan 0 Mr J. Tblaiio's bl g fkxawxacum, aged, lOst 121b .. ' - .. .. Chasten 0 Mr G. GbsscodL's ch g Mopa, aged, TOst 61b .v' .. Endereon 0 Mr B. Battr's e or to g Deceiver, aged, lOst 4lb .. ' . . . Batty 0 Mr W. Dalrymple's b g Goodwood, 9 yrs, 10rt Sib .. .. .. . Car»r 0. Mr S. MBlerib b g W>mlet, S yra, 9st ittb . f Wtson 0 Betting : 7lo 2 agst Marquis of Waterford, 4 tn 1 ag«t Fame, 6 to 1 agst Straggler, 7 to 1 each against Chester, Deceiver, and Good wood, 8 to 1 agst others. Da Ihe -signal being given, Fame took the initiative apri showed the way over the first fence, with Moolpa and Deceiver at his heels, Taxaraxacutn alad Wymlet being next, and -Marquis of Waterford and Goodwood follow ing. In this order the obstacles in front of the stand were negotiated, but rounding the turn Fame relinquished tne lead in favour of Wymlet, who showed the way over the fenceon «the hill, Modi pa and Denmark heading the other division, which was whipped iu by Deceiver. Along the back Denmark forged ahead, and fencing derisrly, ' led over the sod-wall and round toe turn. "Passing the staud the serono time' : tbe order was Denmark, Marquis ot Watprford, Moolpa, Fame, Goodwood, Mid Struggler, with Chester last. Ascending te® hill, Wymlet deprived Denmark of the lead, and wilh Marquis of Waterford for an attend ant, raced over tbe fences along toe back. At the log-wall Wymiet rain off, and as the weignt began to tell on Tfao Marquis, he ga'e way to Straggler and Echo, who raced sice by side overtoe sod wall, where Moolpa w't Rounding the torn, Fame and Denmark tried hard to get up, but tbe issue was con fined to Straggler and Echo, who_made a dingdong finish of it to the end, Struggle gaining the victory by a short neck. Den ma rK Was third, Deceive. was fourth, Fame 6h Taxaraxaccm nexr, and Chester last. » 5min. 37see. The Windsor Handicap, a sweepstake of 3 so vs. each, with 100 added. Six furlongs. Mr w. Field's b e Mozart by Napolejn- Mary. S Mr& Flemming's ch h Hmficane, 4 yra, 9 Mr j. Ware's to h 6 y». Ssfc lb - - 8 Mr T. M'Ell-ter's ch h Royal lrisbman, 0 yra I04b .. --D. o'Bnrn 0 Mr J, Whittingham's to b lronmaster, # Mr L Foulsbam b g Marooey, 6 j ra, q Mr B. B. FatkinerVbr h Meteor, 4 yrs, Q to g iht a;: Mr J. R. CM-ea's" b c Shoooo, Sjrs74HlJ Mr A. Rcdfearn'a br m Madge, 4 O Hon W„ Pcareon'6 b g Irtoband, 6 4 . Mr S. Button's b h King Oiarles, 5 y«s, 7at 0 Mr a. BattySato h QmjbaOtK 7#41b.. MrA. Harx-ej'e b Cr'br.h Mifdtejaarcb. 0 Mr 3i Erobie's g 'oi Lucky Hit, i'yri, -Mr Au F/SiuArfs to c' Nepicana, I yra, 01 -so. ««;WSS IvrSME, endTbe Ghost, 8 to l lr with Irralee anH St. John in close atteridarioA Bounding the tqra, Mozart catne throngh. and, catching the leaders as the straight was gamed, won easily fw>«v Hurricane, who csmevary fast- t the finish/and beat Irralee for .second place. The. Ghost was fourth, and King Charieslaat," Time, lniin. L7sec. f The following are the stakes won at the Caulfield Cup Meeting on he lltfc and 18th iist., and which were paid over at 12 nion' on Monday -Mr. R. 0; ; Talbo, Caulfield Cup (1st), LI, 300; Mr, J. Wil son juu., Great Foal Stakes (1st), L500; Mr! E. W. Ellis, Caulfield Cap (2nd), LSOO; Mr. W, Gordon, Caulfield Guineas (lafcV L375 ; Mr. W. Leek, Steeplechase (1st), L2o9 ; Mr. J. D. Robertson, Toorak Handi cap (1st), L243 ; Mr. J. A. Lang, Caulfield Cap (31), £200 ; Mr. J. G. Reid, Maiden . Plate (1st), L18L ; Mr. J. Simson, First Hurdle Race ilsf)» L169 ; Mr. W. Field, Windsor Kandiop (1st) LI 51; Mr. A . R. Robertson, Nursery Hxndic-ip (1st), 1.148; « v A L Oil 1 ll i(i w Cfi.iAM LT ., 1 l_® — _ _ _ $ll\ A. OUlin OTWllU AAUtUlC £UlCe (l.t), L136 ; Mr. A. F. Sullivan, First Hurdle Race (2nd), L3 ; Mr A S/ujui, jj3lliDg Race (1st), L100 ; Mr. J. Whitting- Kam, Great Foal Stakes (2nd ), L75 ; Mr. W. Black! er, Caulfield Guineas (2nd), L7o Mr. H. R- Falkiner, Steeplechase (2nd), L2o ; Mr. H. R. Falkiner, Toorak Handicap (2nd), L3 ; Mr. R. Orr, First Findon Harriers' Vase (1st), L30 ; Mr. W. Dargin, Great Foal Stakes (3rd), L25 ; Mr, R. Love. Caul- ticld Guineas (3rd), L25 ; Mr. A. Anderson, Findon Harrier's Vase (2nd), L20 ; Mr. A. R. Blackwood, Maiden Plate (2nd), L3; 1 inn. W. Pearson, Second Hurdle Rhco (2nd), I.; ; Mr. J. Moudy, Nursery U tiuilcap (iul), L3; iii". T. Coffey, Wiudsor Handicap L3 ; total, L4,558. 