MRS. FBERE'S DIAMONDS, i Mr. Frere was iv very rich old gentleman of somewhat'parsimonious babita. His ono extravagance was a love for younj; women. ; He was an excellent example of tho elderly lover ; he'was not satisfied unless he had a pretty young wife,' arid then ho made love to the sex at large,.bargaining 'only for youth and beauty, ¡ The flrst'Mrs.. Froro whaalovely girl, with' blue blood in her veins.'' She was poor,'and Mr. Froro's wealth tempted hoK She brought' with hon as her , solo dowry' a splendid diamond necklnco which, hod been preserved aa an - heirloom in her family. . Mr. Frere waa almost as proud of this na he waa of his wife, and he, from time to timo, added' diamond ornamenta, until flnally sqe pos. sèsscd one óf tbo finest sets to be seen in any London drawingroom. She nltered strangely after her marriage ; became dovoted to dross, amusement and excitement, But she was quiet and amiable with her husband, except that nt first sb o frequently complained because ho would not give her nil she wished. But after a while she left off reproaching him'. Ho would not givo boran allowance ¡he liked to play tho generous and uxorious husband, and glvo tier a dress whon it took his fancy to do so. ' There was n dangerous light In lier oyes sometimes when sha submitted to him. But shd did Bnbmlt. .' .' ', ' I Eventually, ; howovor, Bho loBt patience, 'and "dealt, him the, hnrdcBt blow that Hes within a woman's power. She "ran, away with a wild young cousin Ct her own; whom she had loved before her marriage. He was a spendthrift, and had made away with his slender fortune, so Mr. Frere had one com fort in his uneasy situation-he felt sure his foolish wife would discover now what poverty meant. She had gone to ' Paris,' and those who met her thought her looking wretchedly I ill ; but she always appeared veryfgayand dressed magnificently. ' In six months Bhe died, and left Mr. Frere free of all but her memory. The cousin went to America, and did notreappear in England for many years. It seemed he was doing well abroad. ? Mr. Frere had disliked the idea of getting à divorce, perhaps fearing that his |bald crown and scant fringe of white hairs might raise a laugh in court. ? But now that he was so agreeably set at liberty he immediately began to pay assiduous attentions to one pretty young lady after another. The num ber of young ladies with whom his name was associated did not arise from his own change i ableness, but from their unanimous rejection of his addresses. For poor Mrs. Frere's [ career was not forgotten. She had been a ! favorite in her time, and most of her ac quaintances regarded him in the light of an old ogre, who had driven her to her ruin and death, ; This was very trying to Mr. Frere, for he .really doted upon - youthful beauty, and-he'much wished to appear again in the society which he feared had' been 'sneering at him, with another young and lovely bride upon his arm. :". <? ' ' ' But his enso seemed really'desperate, ¡Moat ladies gave him' the cold shoulder ns soon as they guessed at his intentions ; if any allowed him to propose, it was only for the pleasure of refusing him. The poor: old gentleman goL'quito depressed, and know not what to do. Ho bogan tb think of travelling, and enticing some innocent young creature into wedlock- who had never heard of the late Mrs. Frere and her sad end.' ' \ It was September, and he was at a 'large country house'where there were a number of delicious morsels in the shape of young women ; he could not' tear himself away from their captivations,- yet ho dared: not propose' to any one of them, for his recent experiences had made bim nervouB. It was humiliating to be rejected by some! girlish creature fresh . from the school room,- and then meet her every day ; and he did not .want to go away from the house, for the girls : were not .unkind lo him. They teased,: Sud pleased and flattored him. Only he noticed-thut he could never bo with one of them alone. They al way B went about with him in little companies of three or four. In fact, they had determined that the old would-be lady-killer Bhould never get the chance to make love to any one of them. A new addition to the circle, a lady who had been the beauty of the season just over, seemed much amused at this little ar rangement. For her part, she said, shu had no fear of Mr. Frere ; he was rich enough to bc an eligile parti; but he seemed : af raid to speak to her. So he was ; for she was the handsomest woman he , bad seen for many a day, and experience had taught him that he would fall in love with her, and that if he proposed she would refuse bim. ,. ? The lost day, of his stay arrived, and he was very sad, ; In. the afternoon he deserted the men, who were out shooting, and went into the {morning room, where he found all the young ladies in a state of gaiety which young, ladies sometimes indulge in. They had been pulling tho men to pieces in their absence, and laughing at,them : poor old Mr, Frere, whom, any one of them might have had for a lover, had just had his turn. He was given, to making passionate speeches ¡whenever he could get the chance ; und some of tho,girls, on comparing notes,, found that he UBcd the, identical words - to each.. IQ fact, he did somewhat lack imagination, This amused the girls immensely, ,and they were laughing over it when he came in. The; immediately began to tease .him, and while they asked him a hundred questions all at once, he stood'smiling, .flattered, and. per. fe'etly happy, iii: their, midst. Confused by .tho presence of'so. much .beauty, he made a Bpeecb, which most of .those who beard it re garded as absolute nonsense, j .,,[; .... v .'V Ladies,",,he said, ,".I'am,golng'away to morrow. It is;dreadful -togo away, and leave'ybu. ' X don't think I have the courage to do it,,unless ono bf you .will'; consent, to console mei "Which bf you ladies .will marry' me ? - My wife will have tho late Mrs, Frere'« diamonds, and .they are not to be despised." \- He spoke as if purely in a joke, and laughed as he said it. ( But his eyes looked eagerly and anxiously , round the merry circle to seo if any face looked, thoughtful. ., ' '"I .will; Mr. .Frere^" said ,the. beauty ¡ ',' diamonds suit rae, and I adore them.." , The others looked in amazement, and then burst into peals' ' Of lHuglitcr. . The . idea' pf tho beauty sacrificing herself for ó set 'of diamonds--Bhe who, it. WUB supposed.might wear a coronet, if she, chose,I ,' But Lady Hose knew her ovvn position better than any. one else. She had been' out several seasons,, and had had no offer worth accepting,'and her mother would not let her have the mian she1 loved. :' A' rich bid mari, who, .'as she fully, determined, should be her slave, and.à sot, of diamonds for , her ' very own, which were a fortune in themselves-these things were worth'thinking about.,, ; . ,,',,, ' The whole thing was; treated as a joke bj every one"'presen t.- But in the evening Mr, Frere 'camé' quietly to Lady ' Rose, and, sat down by her. ','?'.'"''' " Lady Bose,"'ho said,,'« if you are willing, to hold to the bargain we made to-doy, I will keep tb may part of it," .; ' Sup/raised her eyes'and. looked coldly into his. ' ' ''.'" ' " '.. ... ?'?'''.' "'',.,.," ,-" ' i " If you,mennt it;V, Bhb Ißaid, "so did I, As I' sidd, diamonds suit; nie ; and I have nonel'" ' ' -, .. . ' ','I will give "you "tho lato,Mrs. Frere's on your wedding day,",'ho' answered. , "The jewel-case,'which' contains ' them shall be opened by you forjthe, first time since she herself shut lt;"."'. ]; -,'.,''-', ',!. , j In due time the marriage was announced and details wore Bottled. The wedding waa fixed fbr an'carly date!', Lady Bose, having made ber ' bargain, was not diffident about fulfilling it. ' , tine 'wanted' the diamonds ¡ not only for their beauty, but. because, when once they were,'in her hands she .would be rich In her own right for'the first time in her life.'; She was avaricious 'because she was unhappy ¡"and she determined, that if Mr. Frere proved intolerable, and wanted to be her master instead of her slave, she would,'' like tho late Mrs. Frere, run away, hut she would not commit thc fatal "mistake of leaving the diamonds behind, * ; At last the wedding-day came, and there was no doubt about one thing-Lady Bose was the handsomest bride of the whole year. And yet she was sb pale ns to look like the ghost of herself. Tho diamonds she wore wero the envy nndndmlrntion of her friends They wore magnificent ; her white nock and nrroB binned with their beauty. When ' Mr, Frere brought her thc jewel case and the key, a sort of shudder carno upon her at tho recollection of who' hnd Inst opened it. She felt, for a,moment, sorry, for poor,' frail Mrs, Frere," who had left nil behind her;-her home, her reputation, a.pd, her diamonds. . '?'-. "'. ' ; But before long sha m ado, thp discovery which chilled her.i blood,'and made hor face SB wbite'ss that of a ghost Tho diamondy i.. .'-.'..,73- ? ? Vere paste ! Before her flight the runaway had had the set of jewels exactly imitated by a dexterous dweller in the Palais Boyal, and none but an expert could have .told the difference. It was on the proceeds ' of * the sale of the real stones that, after her flight, 'the lady and her cousin lived luxuriously in Paris. ' 1 Lady Rose never felt sorry for the late pura. Frere again. . - ' 