SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. Yesterday being the last day for scratching horses in the Caulfield Cup, so us to save the final payment, a large number of horses were naturally withdrawn. By 4 o'clock no less than lib' horses were scratched, leaving 23 horses still in the race. Of these it is probable not more than half-a-dozen Will drop out before the start, leaving a line held of 2 or 24 horses to contest the race. The horses scratched yesterday Were Commotion, Sir Modred, The Plunger, Chuckster, Duration, Anglesey, Sir Garnet, Scaramouche, Iron- master, The Ghost, Salvo, Maroney. Baron von Mueller, Ned o' the Hills, Victress, Catherine, Morceau, King of the Gipsies, Rufus, Plausible, Lord Clifden, Meteor, Robert the Devil, Sweet William, Troy, Too Too, and Hawthorn. The following are the scratchings for the other events in the V.A.T.C. Spring Meet- ing.-bellingHnce-Egerton, Berkely'. Second Hurdle Iace Yately und Boroondara. Nursery Huiuticap-Parwan, Carew, Toronto, Hartington, and Tell Tale. Steeplechase True Blue and Last Card. Windsor Handicap \- Jiuntippe, Creswick, Baron Von Mueller, Acoljtc, Esmond, Napier, 'Sea Horse, Meleebee, Troy, and Sweet William. The betting on the Caulfield Cup was very animated yesterday after it was known what horses were left in. Vergy was well supported at 100 to 7 ; Boolka had some good friends at a 100 to 5; Helene and Lord Wilton were backed to win a good sum at from 100 to 3 to 100 to 4 Colstoun had been previously heavily backed at 5 to 1, and had also been taken to gain a situation at even money. For the Maribyrnong Plate Melodious and Uralla were in some demand at 100 to 14 and The Pencil was backed at 100 to 8. A commission was executed on Bargo for the Derby, 2,200 to 1,000 being accepted from one I bookmaker. FLEMINGTON TRAINING NOTES. The weather yesterday morning was a great improvement on what the visitors to the Flemington training ground have had to put up with of late. Early in the morning the ground was covered with a white frost which rapidly disappeared as the sun rose over the horizon. The track was in much better condition for working on than it has been since the late rain set in. All it wanted to render it fit for really fast work was one line day. The early workers were confined to the rim and the cinder tracks, the sand track not being used till late in the morning Mr. Morrison's horses were early out, but they merely did slow work. Hurricane was seats good striding gallop on the tan. Belle Brandon, accompanied by Baron von Mueller, I did some useful work. Mr Cook's horses did good exercise on the track inside the course, and Mr. Yeend sent most of his team a steady canter on the cinders. Esmond and Chablis did a nice extended gallop, and Vemet did some half-pace work. Nepicallitia and Brown and Rose did a slow round on the tan, and then started off for second round at a strong pace Venetia and Rebus followed and went last Uralla, Monte Cristo and J vie did some slow work on the cinders Invateerand Warwick were sent twice round the tan track at a good pace all the w IJ Signor and fro defeat cantered and spurted 1 lausible did a long stretch of sound useful work by himself inside the course Sir Modred and Bristol then came on to the tan track, and after cantering once he had started at a last pace for another round Sir Modred having his companion in difficulties at the finish I rampant did steady exercise in his clothing lins horse will probably do no more fast work till he starts for the Caulfield Cup for which his admirers believe his chance is second to none Martini Henry did a steady) working gallop \ actions 11) ing Jib and the Agitation till) now named Jrcmulous, did slow work Despot cantered on the run, and then strode along for another round Burge was sent three rounds by himself! at a steady pace and was followed by Fremantle, who did similar work Chloe and Xenia did a merry spin on the cinder track M Wolseley and Cairo can teed once round the tan and then went on for a second round at a line striding gallop Commotion did some half pace work Dura tion did some steady exercise in his clothing and Tasmania was sent a last gallop on the tan Guesswork did a nice gallop on the tan going in good style He was much admired by the touts Josephine Pilot, and Kills Messenger were next to work, but they only cantered B its pious and Anarchy did a good striding gallop together Lord 1 Peter Arsenal, Danseuse and Middlomarch bedsteads exercise inside the course Helene did a strong round on the tan and Sir Garnet. who came next did similar work Kit Nubbles Royal Irishman, and Sir John did some useful half pace work and Too Too did a long stretch of steady work After breakfast Lesbia Sea S spent and that we did slow work, Napier did a round at three quarter pace Agatha and Vergy sweated Salvo went a slow round on the sand track Procella and I he Pencil did a smart spurt to Mother Aueheiidarroch Cimpnnilli, and Denison were indulged in steady work CAULFIELD TRAINING NOTES Yesterday morning. broke line with a sharp frost The ranges opened the outer portion of the running truck which was in rare working order, and some todd legitimate gallops were executed d ning the morning Mr Connolly was at business soon after 5 o'clock with Anjer and Midnight who did work on the sand the latter jumping over the timber friendless after doing a canter strode over a mile and a half for a working gallop the steeplechaser going well D Robinson was doing exercise with Vivian, and Merry 1 enclin, strode along sharply over four furlongs Cupola also being treated to striding exercise over a circle of the running track Novelette was cantering W Higinbotham was doing useful exercise with J e Grand for a couple of circles on the turf L ipri joining him the best one the pair strode a good pace the last six furlongs J Clinton worked with Issue and Don Quixote was cantering R. Gray was doing serviceable work with the lion YA 1 carson s horses Gasburner being the first to appear and he ran a smart pace over half a mile Gusalicr strode a couple of times round the -Unmn" ground for a nice even pace working gallop followed by Ironlmnd, Northern J salt and butter Mr J Leek did work with Straggler on the sand , the last round he was joined by Scaramouche, who had previously ran half a mile in a gallop with Rapid, the colt Mozart joining Rapid at the mile post, the Cup horse doing a strong gallop over a mile and a halt First Pop and Violet ran a brisk gallop over five furlongs when Yntelj appeared on the track, and he ran a strong mile and a half Umberto joining him in the last five furlongs Deceiver und Gilderoy were bowling along for good steeplechase work on the sand, and Melodious ran a bus! pace over half a mile, after cantering J he Bohemian joining the daughter of Goldsbrough in the run home, and afterwards strode along for another circle Ontario was done" some brisk pace work on the sand with Battj up Spartan was doing exercise 1 Leng s horses were cantering the Ghost was doing mild work on the sand and Grace Darling in company with Norfolk was doing a canter on the turn the pan afterwards ran a fast six furlongs. Burra Burra and Nuncio were working on the sand, finishing with a sharp run of half a mile Mr Davis sent David and Dargo for moderate pace exercise on the turf hen Camerine, with. linen up, cantered once round the ground, and being set going at the Ben en furlongs post, she was picked up by Ditto at the fire furlongs post, the pair galloping once round, Coriolanus, who was on the track, joining in the last half mile, but the Cup mare appeared to tire at the finish 'The big son of Tubal Cain was afterwards doing good serviceable won It The Tasmanian steeplechase horse who is expected to arrive today, quarters having been engaged for him at Heywood's After the morning's work was over I walked round the running ground, which has been brush harrowed and rolled, and was in first-class trim for galloping VICTORIA AMATEUR TURF" CLUB The following are the horses still left in the Caulfield Cup - Malua 0 '2 A orgy 7 7 Martini Henry D 4 waters 7 B 1 nitrogen 0 2 Blink Bonny) 7 J Rapid 8 7 Ironlland 7 1 Hastings 3 4 Bend Or Ringwood to 2 Privateer 7 0 Deviot 8 2 Similar 0 13 Boolka 8 1 Norfolk 0 13 Capri 7 IS A cruet I) It Colstoun 7 12 The Agent Ü 11 Britisher 7 11 Lord W Ilton 0 11 Battalions . 7 0 I MUK Jib a 10 Claptrap 7 7 Helens (1 10 Conjecture 7 7 Lavington 0 10 BENDIGO JOCKEY CLUB MEETING. (BY TELEGRAPH FROM OUR CORRES). oMM-Nr) SANDHURST, 'I am SO li The general entries for the forthcoming Bendigo Jockey Club Meeting exceed those of any previous year, numbering 2" They are as follow - EPSOM HANDICAP Irralcc Polb Mascotte Tichborne Hippogriff J. he Argus of John Sattler 1 precious Mono Countryman Park Hattcratek AUaudcr Ironmaster 1 Phantom Cress lek Ment more The time a crack Maroney Helpful and Pent Otto silver Sirocco Coastal a j Manfred FIRST HURDLE RACE. A arree Dawdler Don Seizure Hjlu.,'Jib The Agent Conundrum Gasnier Klntfl her let Scobeloff Midnight Winter OntaHo Mwim SUr 1 autumn Hazard had Nubbles Tant liner Di no Star Don Sel more Conundrum Kingfisher Rings ood Seahorse The Andes Hippogriff The Agent Don Quixote Country team ". lately Hazard Mentmore C(imm,i>bj Maroney Peut care Kit Nubbles Cabtavvaj SHOw- HURDLE RACE "A arrest Dawdler Professor Hjing Ub Gasalier lot Merlin Tnntillser SANDHURST Cup day Melon The Agent A grade Britisher Toolooa Lord Wilton Marie Louise Precious Stone Boullia 1 Lothian Mascotte Bimi Ronnie At enlan H e r rica in be John Plausililp I cabin Metres Dirk Hatteraick Chesnut Ironmaster Merrimu Phantom Sa ram ouch fallen Itohcmi in Grace Darling BEMHuO II INDIA A cruet Privateer lice-max Streets Cimciine Irralcc III third Home Athenian Phantom Pmateer Kit Nubbles Cutay an Sellwood winner Britisher Too Too Lord W Wilton Mr In LouWo 1 F Lions Stone 1 polka 1 contain Mabel Grey anchor of the Andes Hippogriff be cut Don Quixote Court a man "match Bazaar Creswick Couhu,_.by Marong Decrease by roses Camerine Katunga Native Union Dorris Ta\ara\acum Moolpa kee Grab Midnight was inlet Bulla laudaUcl cr My story is d for the Name. Tichborne Elizabeth Garrett Don (JuKoto Countryman A actress Allander A meet Squires Grace Darling cruet Post fire lichens in Grace Darling h___F_L_.C-.ASV Marquis of Water Iflttj Ashton ford Rob Roy himself Trumps I Black thorn Denmark Dollar I upon Jack Gilderoy December Councillor li ide BRACELET Polly Mascotte Athenians j Stone 1 Obtained Iionni ester Mental or Gilderoy terror Abdallah Chester Street, near the Sir Samuel Kin.'oftheForest Mabel Grey The Andes Leontine issue Umberto Dhl Uatteraick Phantom Scaramouche Kit Nubbles IHl G.rH STAKbH Irralcc Mascotte he is home Hippogriff Hool ka Creswick 1 Phantom Peut Otto Sirocco Polly A in the Lord we IndGor shoalest Little Umberto Mentmore Marong State Casfcau a man fat John Country man Dirk Hatteraick Iho J in a, o keepsakes is Thirteen Manfred SELMES MURDUM. Merri JjUcHlllt River Lubra Lottie Darebin Maid Cora HILLIER The liner Spark Sibil Uliietto Mascotte know drift (into JJntr Ulj Dick) Chieftain Cardinal Topi Dandy TIll ills le Joe HAY RACES. (BY TELEGRAPH FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) II BY, TUESDAY. The following are the acceptances - OCTOIJl u CUP Terminus Genoe impulse of Where a the Cat Lucifer Uralla words being. I taken Heart Ato Barkus ay Chanter RIVERINA PLATE. Terminus Impulse Oonoo Lucifer Uralla Where- the Cat yards Spaniard (¿ti"uihinifc Ate liar Saw ay HURDLE RACE. Sarawak No hero State Cat Nameless SPORTING TELEGRAM. (FROM OUR CORRE SPONDENT ) SYDNEY, TUESDAY. The New South Wales Cricket Association to night fixed the dates for the return intercolonial cricket match with Victoria, to be played in Sydney, on February 15, 14, and 15. c_uci_i:r. A match will be played on the Richmond cricket (ground today between an eleven selected from the City club and a team from the Coast Cricket Club The game will be commenced at 1 30 p m sharp A match was played on Tuesday between teams selected from All Saints' Grammar School and Christian "Brothers' school, on the ground of the former and resulted in an easy victory for All Saints', the scores being A fe G S 17 and in and C 14 15 and 20 For the winners Alcock (14 and Mr), A Smith (Mr and 10 and D Kobe r ("on (2 not out and 18) were the principal scorers, while for the losers M Healey (20) WOJ the only one who reached double figures INTERCOLONIAL LAWN TENNIS CHAMPIONSHIP The matches for the double handed championship were continued yesterday on the courts of the M.C.C. , when Messrs Brind and stawell beat Messrs Highett and Martin, 25 games to 17 games The contest was very keen each side doing its best to win The play of the winners was safe and cautious, Mr limul play in,? a specially safe game, seldom making a mistake when returning the ball. He was ably assisted by Mr. Stawell who also made some brilliantly fast . trio! is Mr Highett worked very hard to avert defeat, play in? some long- rallies, and at times completely mastering the defence of his opponents The tin 1 match will take place this morning at a quarter past 11 SO Ulli _\Il_I_BOURN__ SWIMMING CLUB The eighth annual meeting of this club was held in the Mechanics Institute South Melbourne, on Monday evening"', in the presence of a large number of gentlemen in te rus ted in the promotion of swimming Dr I irl er was in the chair. The annual report, which was read by the hon. secretary Mr D Mackay, congratulated the members on the flourishing conti tion of the clubs lift airs the operation of the club for the past season has m, been successful beyond the most sanguine expectations The total revenue for the season was held IN 2d and the expenditure A.llS0(s 3rd of which UK) was expended in prizes leaving-, a credit balance of JL-Î4 Vin had to be carried forward for the ensuing season Two long distant races were held on the Yarra As these contest, was instituted with a view to promote long distance Huimmin.:, it was most gratifying to note that IS members swam the mile in a fair time The autumn matches were held in February, and proved as attractive as formerly 240 entries being re acted for one day alone Altogether eight series of matches were bed during the season, and the impro- cricket shown by the younger swimmers was very noticeable The members roll showed that 178 paid up ment era had availed themselves of the advantages of the club and during the evening a number of new members were proposed On the motion of Dr. Barker the re port and balance sheet were adopted The following gentlemen were then elected as office bearers- for the ensuing season viz -Presi- dent Dr Barter vice presidents Messrs It Mont joinery and Joseph Ste wt captain Mr A H Hearle hon secretary Mr D Mack as hon treasurer, Mr I Crave committee Messrs James Rennie AM I holes I S M Birrell It Houston and 1 Grcger bon , auditors, Messrs C F W alley and Mr Clark BÖWM\~G Trio Richmond Union Bowling Club open their green for the season to morrow President v Vice jest lunts Play to commence at half-past 3 pm Members of other clubs in its 1 "CHUM. The Normanby Bicycle Club have extended the time for rttuWnir entries for their racing carnival to Monday next, the 26th inset, at the 2.tw Treasury Hotel by 0 p in An alteration has been made in the Novelty Race, which allows riders to dismount if they please, while removing coat etc The Isor much Club members are very actively working up this event, in tho hope of ensuring a successful mutiny the Albert Bicycle Club will meet at half-past 7 this evening" for the moonlight run to Alphington, which was postponed from last Wednesday 