CHURCH OF ENGLAND. ANNUAL SESSION OF SYNOD. At St. Peter s Cathedral the annual ses sion of the Adelaide Diocese of the Church of England was opened on Tuesday morning, when Holy Communion was celebrated. There was a good attendance of the clergy, and the laity were fairly represented. The Bishop delivered his pastoral address. THE ADDRESS. Reverend and Dear Brethren—I cannot but meet you in a spirit of deep thankful ness. The year that has elapsed since we last met in Synod has been one of much anxiety. It was no easy matter to take the pluce of your leader, when the powerful guidance with which you formerly had been blessed was brought into memory. I had (as, indeed, I have yet) much to learn. But you have greatly helped me. Clergymen and laymen alike have held out the hand of warmest sympathy and friendship. On all sides, whether in our own communion or without us, a kindly generous spirit has been shown. I should be ungrateful indeed did I not acknowledge it. But to our God, our Father, and to his ever-blessed Son, and to the guiding Spirit sent to teach us be the thanksgiving and the praise. You will not this yehr look for an address of any great length. I will but briefly touch upon some of the events that most concern us, and perhaps more briefly review our position and the work we have in hand or in prospect. REVIEW OF EVENTS The whole Diocese was Btirred by the news of the death of Bishop Short. In any position in this new country he would have made his mark. His manly courage, his perseverance, under diffi culties, his extreme energy, his wise fore thought, and his constant cheeriness are among the characteristics which rendered him peculiarly fitted to be a pioneer. Men respected him, children loved him, all learned from him; but who can tell as well as his successor what reason we have to thank God for the lines of work he laid down and for the standard of duty he set up as the first Bishop of this See ? That the Church has grown in numbers,* in her institutions, in her buildings to what we now have, is, under God's blessing, due to our first Bishop. His memoiy will he cherished always through out Australia. But in this ' Diocese our best tribute to his memory will be in our development of his work. The year has brought us its joys with its sorrows. The appointment of our Primate has given us not only the highest encourage ment in tbe greatness oi the man and his re markable fitness for so important a position, but in the fact that our organization in this great continent has now received its completion. The various Dioceses are now knit together, at least in their framework, in that solidarity and compactness which are so necessary for all steadiness of growth and harmony of action. Of the Bishop of Sydney himself it is not fitting that in this place I Bhould speak as 1 might be in clined to speak ; nor is it [necessary, for much has been said, and you indeed have seen him face to face. But I will add that from the interesting gathering of Bishops at his enthronement in Sydney—the largest gather ing of Bishops of our communion, I suppose, which has ever been held in the Southern Hemisphere—each of us felt that we returned to our work strengthened and animated with new hopes, with a loftier ideal of our work, with a larger outlook upon our surroundings, and with a greater aesire than perhaps ever before for the unity of the Church of God, and for the realization of the brotherhood of man in our one Lord and elder brother Jesus Christ. We may be thankful also to the Great Head of the Church for the steady growth which wc see in the extension of the Episcopate in Australia. That the Bishopric of Riverina has been created and has been so satisfac torily filled must be a cause of gladness not only to those who live in that Diocese, but to the whole Church. We are gainers all along the line, while we keep touch with one another, by the spiritual growth in any one part. Ana the more the Church grows the more it will grow. A striking illustration of this comes from America. Last year was the hundredth anniversary of the consecra tion of the first Bishop of the Anglican Com munion for America. In one century how great the growth 1 Then, one Bishop and a handful of clergy; now forty-eight Bishops, 3,572 clergy, ana 372,484 communicants. It is in the nnmber of these that the growth of the Cbnrch is most remarkable: for while the population of the United States has somewhat more than donbled since say the year 1850, the number of communicants has increased more than fourfold in the same period. Last year I alluded to the labours of the extremely able and learned men ap pointed in England as Royal Commissioners to enquire into tbe vexed question of Ecclesi astical Courts. Their report since then has been presented. I do not at present desire to refer to it further than to call your atten tion to the extremely valuable testimony which their patient historical investigations afford to the continuity of the Church of England from a period long antecedent to the Norman Conquest It has been the thoughtless custom of some persona to speak of the Church of England as though her date of birth was to be found only in the sixteenth century. A perusal of this im portant report will, 1 think, dissipate any such opinion, and convince any attentive reader of the antiquity of the glorious in heritance which is onrs. My brethren, I mention this, not, God knows, to foster a feeling of pride and superciliousness—far from it, as I hope yon will presently see but because reflection upon the fact should arouBe ub to a higher sense of our duty, for if we review onr position in these colonies what is there that mnst greatly strike us7 We are not in possession of State aid or State ' favour. No; nor do we wish to be. We are so far as all ontward adventitious advantages are concerned exactly in the same position regarding the State as is the newest denomi- ; nation of any religion which may seek its growth in this land. Bat we have an inward consciousness of lineage which can neither be taken away nor be bestowed elsewhere. We carry with ns the doctrines and discipline of tbe earliest ageB of Ghiistianity as they have descended to ns interwoven with the life of onr English forefathers. The stream may not have flowed on always unaffected by the ages through which it has passed. The accretions and accumulations it has gathered in its flow may have sullied for the time its pure waters. Still, onward it flows, and you look again, and a brightness has again attended it, and health and life adorn its banks. Some of you will remember one of .Europe's most famous rivers flowing thus. As it leapB from its icy birthplace and rushes down the great valley which bears its name, the very rocks, fretted and fashioned by its impetuous flow, give of their substance to its waters; and discoloured with the fruit of its own energies, and already yellow in its age, it plunges into the deep blue of Geneva's lake. Merges profunda, pvlchrior evenit, watch again its course. Bieher, purer, healthier, yet still the same river, does it flow forth in yet nobler channel, gathering of the azure of the lake as it speeds towards the ocean of its rest. So has our Church life flowed onward, gather ing it may be new vigour in its reformation, yet bringing us the life which has moulded our nations past, which has given ~ ' ' Bible " ■ - - England her Bible and her freedom, which has handed down our Apostolic ministry and fellowship, which has gathered the devotional spirit of ner best ages into her book of Common Prayer, and "would fain have taught her children of the unity of the bread which they should break. My friends, it is no light matter to be the representatives in an English colony of to-day of the old Church of England of the past. We are not more Englishmen by nature than we are (for the most part) English Church men by descent. We have thought it right to cling to the past, and, God helping us, we will so cling. But what does this entail upon us? First, responsibility. If the teaching of the Church is misunderstood, if men fafl to see the value of her ordinances or to be helped by the strength of her faith, how much of that may be due to our short comings ? We have not, as a whole, lived as though we believed in the Church. Those who have formed a sectional religious community have thrown their vigour and enthusiasm into the cause of the community they have espoused. But churchmen have lived as though, because once the Church and the nation were (in pro fession at least) identical, no enthusiasm was becoming except in a clergyman. And hence arose the mischievous opinion that the Church meant the clergy, and nothing more. Thank God; that opinion is fast dying out. We realize to-day more than for ages past the layman's priesthood and kingship. The gift of the Holy Ghost was to the Church, not specially to the clergy of the Church, Bave to fit them for their office. And that which we have freely received for the common good we are bound to freely give. Each man who fails to strive even to live up to the Church's standard is a witness against the Church. Each man who does so strive is a witness for the Church of Christ. Now that many fail to find spiritual life and help in the Church of England is not, I say, the fault of the Church, but of those members of the Church who fail to Bet forth her true life. We are bound to set it forth in our lives. We are not true to our ancestry; we are not faithful to our heritage if we do not endeavour to discharge the responsibility lying upon us of proving by our lives that the faith once for all delivered to the saints and handed down through England for English people is yet vital. On every church man UeB this responsibility, And it is in proportion to our each awakening to a due sense of it and endeavouring by God's grace to discharge it that our true function will be discovered and realized. I do not say that we should continually urge forward the Church as an objective fact. In many cases this would simply repel But if the idea of the Church work within us as a subjective power, strengthening and formu lating our efforts after holiness, and giving them weight and coherency: and if we are thus striving, constrained by the love of Christ, putting " Him first. Him last, Him midst and without endthen at least our pathway will be a clear one in an age of con flicting opinions and amid the strife of tongues, and we shall contribute of our best to the ultimate reunion of the Church of Christ. Ye&, thus, because it is for Christ and in Christ that we must.seek for unity. It is His cause that suffers. The grief must be His in greater measure than it can be ours. And the very thought that the Church of England is much to blame for the want of unity among English Christians must make us^iumble--humble as to the past, recollect ing the estrangements, humble as to the present, lest perchance the same causes of separation might yet be operative, and we unaware of them. Patient also should we be —patient with those who misunderstand us. It is almoBt impossible that they can feel about it quite as we do. And patient in the sense of avoiding hurry. We must not un duly accelerate a movement towards unity. It is coming. Let it come slowly. It will he more real. Last year I called your attention to the strong testimony to the yearning for unity shown by Professor Melligan'a lectures on the Resurrection. Lecturing at St. Giles' in Edinburgh this year his statements yet more plainly indicate this desire. He is not alone among the leading Presbyterians in his utterances. Professor Bruce at Glasgow has spoken quite as strongly in the same Uocl for strain. We may thank God for such utter ances from such men. They will, if I mis take not, be widely echoed. For every man who loves Christ more than himself must be wrung to the heart by the divisions which are so contrary to His purposes. Our main duty then is to aim at a high standard of Christian life. We would fain raise the spiritual tone of onr own people believing that thus we best achieve our immediate duty—and take onr part in raising the moral tone of the whole community. What is there especially that we may ao to bring about this result? The power of the early Christians lay, I think, in their firm belief in three great facta First— They believed that purchased with the precious blood of Christ and jnstified by His resurrection they belonged to God. They did not question the fact, or hope some day to qualify themselves to belong to Him. They took God at His word, and looked upon their baptism as a pledge that it was true. Secondly—They believed that, ac cording to the promise of their Lord, whatsoever they asked in His name would be granted them. Therefore in His name tney met, fulfilling His sacred command, and in His name they prayed. Thirdly—They believed that the Holy Ghost was in them, a living power, and in that power they worked. Now, our failing is Just want of this faith. Would the meaning of our Prayer-book be dark may longer'to those whose belief was of this kind } Yet is not the whole of our liturgy pregnant with just these cardinal trnths ? It every nominal Churchman believed in them, acted up to them, how different the result from what we commonly find 1 Now we need to enable our people to realize them better. What, I say, can we do? As clergy we must strive for the deepening first of our own spiritual life. Every one who knowB the cir cumstances of a clergyman's life in the country or bush districts of a large colony must realize that his difficulties are extremely great. Alone, single-handed, without friend of kindred aims or con genial mind, he has often to carry on _ his work amid some privations and amid great discouragements. Everything that can help such a one to feel the sense of brotherhood would be a real gain. There are two ways in which I think this sense may be advantageously kindled. The Bishop of Lichfield has lately introduced into his Diocese a Pastoral Order or Brotherhood, which a large number of the clergy have joined, the principle of which is that a few simple rules shall bind the members together in devotional reading, in definite study, and in prayer. I am hopeful that, with.'special arrangements to meet the special features of Australian life, a similar union might be formed with much advan tage among ourselves. Its details might be framed by the members, and if I receive any expression of a wish among the clergy that this should be attempted, I will thankfully endeavour to comply with it. Then there might, I think, be periodical gatherings of the clergy for devotion and spiritual instruction. The ember days seem the fitting seasons.' The ceDtres might be placeB in various parts of the Diocese which are most easily accessible. _ So great are the blessings which in many DioceBes—indeed in our own—have followed on such gatherings that l am anxious they should become more customary. They might also be made, when opportunity offers, the occasion for taking mutual counsel for the best means of pro moting Church life among our people. I am thankfnl that a Communicants' Union has been formed in one or two or more of our parishes. I most strongly recommend that this should be done wherever possible. The objects of such a union would be:—1. To unite more closely together those who are the most earnest Church people in our parishes. 2\. To be a means of help to those who among many difficulties are trying to lead a steady Christian life. 3. To afford occasional oppor tunities for discussion upon'matters affecting the interests of the Church and our congre gations. 4. To form a centre for the exten sion of Church principles and Church work. Probably meetings could be held monthly, and at one meeting in each quarter discussion could take place; the other meetings would he for instruction and devotion. The obliga tions upon members of such a union, would be of a simple character, but every member should endeavour—1. To be present at the JUoly Communion with regularity at those times which seem to be most helpful to himself. 2. To attend the services of the Church twice, or at least once every Sunday. 2. To be regular in maintaining the habit of reading the Bible and of daily private prayer. The meetings of members would, 1 think, stir a deeper sense of their common brotherhood together in our one Lord, They would thus strengthen each other to live as churchmen should, in unity among themselves, and in more constant dependence upon the grace of our merciful Father to enable them to live a godly, righteous, and sober life, to the glory of His holy name. I perhaps need not do more than allude to the valuable help which such an organization would give to the newly confirmed. Perhaps through its means many who might otherwise drift away would be helped just when they most rea lized their need of brotherly sympathy. 1 have already called the attention of the members of our Church to the blesaing which comes from regular family prayer. Suffer me to repeat my exhortation that in every bouse where practicable this should be the custom. Probably the clergyman in each parish would "be glad to arrange, where it is possible, to make the commencement of a practice in which the first step is often found to be the hardest. I pass for a moment to the consideration of two most important topics on which we desire to work with all Christian com munities in the colony. The first is the social purity question. I grieve to say that the more I have looked into this questionthe more I see there is necessity for united and vigorous action. We are fortunate in possessing in this colony a Press which evidently avoids as much as possible the parade of the worst cases _ of crime and immorality; but it is too evident that sins which are said to be on the increase in England are sadly prevalent here. All members of our newly formed White Cross Army, which, I trust, will rapidly grow, ought to be members (and in fact should be counted so) of the Social Purity Society. For the sake of companionship which strenghtens, for the sake of encouragement which a brave word may give, for the sake of sympathy in resisting temptations which, I suppose, in varying degree have to be conquered by all, let us all, whether church men or not, if at least we claim to serve the Lord JeBus Christ, rally together on this question and raise a nobler tone among our selves and revive a more chivalrous spirit. And the second is that of Bible-teaching in the State schools. What I think about this question is now tolerably well known, and do not desire to occupy your time by reitera tion. But I earnestly nope that the ( _ lyhope that the cordial co-operation which has already taken place will continue, and that by Churchmen and Nonconformists working together in this matter we may see a decided step taken towards bringing np the children in our State schools in the nurture and admonition of the Lord. We certainly fail in our duty as Christians if we do not aim at this, or else provide some other mode of educating them, which in the present state of things we cannot do. It is something:to know that-on this question we ore of one mind with the ma jority of religiously minded people. Let us not lose sight of it. And now, brethren. I eommend you in your counsels to-day and throughout this week to God and to the word of His grace, which is ' able to build yon up, and to give you an in heritance among all them which are sanctified. G. Wyndham, By divine permission Bishop of Adelaide. - The Synod met in the Church Office, Leigh street, in the afternoon for the dispatch of business. His Lordship the Bishop presided, and there was a good attendance of Synods men. LETTERS FROM THE ARCHBISHOP OF CANTER BURY AND THE PRIMATE OF AUSTRALIA. His Lordship reported that he had re ceived a letter from Hia Grace the Arch bishop _ of Canterbury in reply to the memorial sent to him by .-the.- last Synod congratulating him on his appointment as Archbishop. He also laid on the table a , letter from the Primate of the English ■ Church in Australia and Tasmania thanking them for the address presented to him. He also laid before them a certified copy of the declaration which he (the President) made in lien of the oaths to the Primate after his enthronement. It would be remembered wat he did not take the oath of allegiance to - His Grace the Archbishop of Canterbury, but - bad taken the oath to the Primate of Australia instead. (Hear, hear.) He also: produced the deed of covenant drawn up between himself and the Dean of Chapter of Adelaide before be - \yas consecrated as Bishop of this Dio cese. This was not received from London in time to be laid before Synod last year. THE STATE OF THE SIOOESE. I The President read the following report on the state of the Diocese" When we met - in Synod last year we perused with much interest the exhaustive report which had been carefully prepared by the Dean, as - Vicar-General and Administrator of the - Diocese. It was impossible for me at that time to have undertaken the task which he so ably fulfilled; but I determined that, by the grace of God, I would endeavour, by the time Synod should meet in 1884, to have made myself so far acauainted with the Diocese by personal visitation as to be able to report upon what I had seen and learnt for myself. I cannot sufficiently thank the clergy and laity alike for the hearty welcome and cordial co-operation which they have extended to me in every portion of the large area over which our work is spread. God grant that the intercourse and work so happily begun together may be continued to - the increase of His glory and the good of His - Church. Several changes have taken place in the clerical Btaff since my arrival in the - Diocese. I thankfully note that there is an . increase of ten in the number of clergy hold ing the Bishop's licence upon the number licensed at the time Synod met last year. Our number is now exactly Bixty, and before many weeks have passed I have reason to - believe we shall have a further accession of three or four clergymen to our list. The - changes are as followsSince the Synod roll was called last year one clergyman has - left the Diocese, the Rev. H. E. Copinger, who, having worked with great zeal and . energy in the Areas Mission, has accepted an incumbency in the Diocese of Dunedin, New Zealand. The Rev. PL B. Tomkins, who also - worked in the Areas, and seriously broke down in health, has been for some months absent from the Diocese on sick leave; if his health should be sufficiently restored, it is • his earnest hope to return to woik among ns. We are glad to welcome in our midst the - following clergymen, who have come from England:—The Rev. H. J. Freeland, M.A.; the Rev. A. C. Hoggins, B.A.; the Rev. R. R. Taylor: the Rev. G. S. Ives, B.A.; the ■ Rev. T. Wood ; and from the Diocese of Ballarat, the Rev. W. D. Lilburn. I have also ordained to the order of priest the Rev. M. M. Whitton, the Rev. A. Sells, jun., . MA., the Rev. W. S. Moore, (and the Rev. J. S. Wayland, whom I had previously ordained deacon. I have also ordained .. deacon the Rev. Donald Kerr, B.A., and the Rev. T. Ward. The following changes.. have taken place in the incumbencies The Ven. Archdeacon Farr, LL.D., is now in cumbent of St. Luke's, Adelaide, having.: previously occupied the incumbency of St. Michael's, Mitcnam. The Rev. A. Sells, M. A^ previously incumbent of Lyudoch, Pewsey Vale, and Williams town, has been, appointed to Mitcham. The Rev. F. R. Coghlan, B.A., previously incumbent of St. Luke's, Adelaide, has been ap pointed to St. Bede's, Semaphore. The Rev. E. E. Yeatman, formerly incum bent of Koolunga, Yacka, and Redhill, has been appointed to St. John's, Auburn. The Rev. F. T. Whitington has been appointed as Organizing Chaplain to the Bishop's Homo Mission Society, and has especially under bis care the work of the Suburban Mission. The - sChurches of St. George's, Goodwood; St. 'Mary's, South-road; and Christ Church, O'Halloran Hill, have been united in one - incumbency, to which the Rev. W. S. Moore has been appointed. The incumbeucy of St. Jude'e, Brighton, has been united to that of St, Peter's, Glenelg, under the charge of the Rev. S. French, M.A., and the Rev. C. H. . Young has been licensed, on his resignation of his former incumbency, to work as assistant curate under the Rev. F. T. Whitington. A new incumbency has been formed out of the South-East Mission, con-. slating of Robe, Kingston, and the hundreds ■ in which these are situated, and to this the Rev. T. Wood has been appointed. The ordination - of the Rev. J. S. Way land as priest has enabled me to appoint him to the incumbency of Moonta, which is now no longer held with that of Wallaroo. 1 am particularly ' glad to note that in more than one parish the - incumbent has been able to obtain the - services of an assistant curate. The appoint ment of the Rev. G. S. Ives to be assistant - curate at ChiiBt Church, Adelaide, of the - Rev. S. Hineon to work with the Rev. Canon - Green, of the Rev. A. Sells to work with the Rev. S. French at Glenelg and Brighton, and of the Rev. T. Ward at All Soul's, East - Adelaide, is, I hope, only the beginning of a higher ideal of Church work in large parishes, where there is little doubt, if our people - - realize the weight of responsibility resting on their incumbent and the gain to Church life through his having the help of a fellow worker, more strenuous efforts will be made to provide the necessary funds for an assistant - curate. The places of the Revs. A. Sells, jun., and S. Hinson, in the South-East Mission, have been supplied by the appoint ment of the RevB. F. W. Merrill and Donald Kerr. The Rev. W. D. Lilburn is also work ing under the chaplain in change of the ■ South-East Mission. I am indeed, thankful that the long-continued vacancy of the cure of Laura is at last supplied, the Rev. R. R. Taylor having accepted the incum- - bency of Laura, Gladstone, and Wir rabara. The Rev. A. C. Hoggins is enter i ing upon the difficult work of organizing . the Areas Mission. I hope he will not be - long sirgle-handed, and we have every reason ■ to augur success from his appointment. I ■ have a peculiar pleasure in welcoming to the Diocese a former fellow-worker of mine in - England—the Rev. H. J. Freeland—whose ■ duties will be restricted to the work of' as sistant priest at the Cathedral, to which he - has been licensed. The Rev. J. Orchard has - during the past year been licensed as Assis tant Chaplain of the Borne Mission Society,. and is working at Crafers. aadihe Rev, W. F. Marshall has received a similar licence, . and is in charge of the Fort Wakefield ana - Port Gawler Missions. Some modification has taken place in the boundaries of' the - Archdeaconries. For the present the northern boundary of the Archdeaconry of ' Adelaide will be a line drawn between the Hundreds of Balaklava and Dublin, and pro jected to the River Murray. The whole of the Peninsula, including .Moonta, Wallaroo,. Kadina, and Green's Plains, is transferred to - Archdeacon Farr, whose Archdeaconry will for the present be known as the Arch- - deaconry of Mount Gambler and the West,, while the district to the north of the new boundaiy of the Archdeaconry of Adelaide ■will be in the Archdeaconry of Flinders. I Lave already spoken of the change in the incumbencies of Brighton and Goodwood. I liave also to report that, in accordance with a resolution of Synod last year, I have care fully considered the case of the Holy Cross Church, -Mount Gambier, and have recom mended to the Standing Committee that this Church be received into full union with Synod, and the transfer of the property has been generously made by the previous owner. I have also to report a similar transfer to Synod in the case of St. Bede's, Semaphore, the former trustees of which have in addition placed the patronage of the benefice in the hands of the Bishop for the time being. The iucumbency of St. Margaret's, Woodville, is now no longer held with the incumbency of All Saint's, Hindmarsh, the Church people in the former place desiring to have an in cumbent (who shall be able to reside among them. This, as well as the incumbency of Lyndoch, Pewsey Vale, and Williams town, must be reckoned among our vacant cures. Before long, however, I \- hope to supply theBe as well as two or three important mission districts which still need clerical oversight. I am hoping also to form an incumbency, of which Salisbury ■ should be the centre, where the Eev. T. Field, M.A., who has been licensed as . assistant supply chaplain, has been doing " r the " . good work for the last twelve months. Let me now draw your attention to the statistics of the Diocese. I have to thank the clergy, who for the most part have taken great pains to reply fully to the many questions which I have this year sent out. The number of baptisms is always a test of the zeal and ■ earnestness of the clergy. By the census of 1881 the Church people are returned as 27, per cent, of the whole population of the ■ colony, and the total number of births registered in that year was 10,708. Probably 27 per cent, of that number, which would be 2,881, would give an approximate indication ■ or the number of children whom the clergy of the Church of England might be expected to baptise, but the number of baptisms . according to our returns for 1881-2 was but 1,753. During last year the number of births registered was 11,193. According to the pro portion given above the number to be bap tised in the Church of England would he . 8,016, while the actual number of baptisms recorded is 2,570. This is not, ■ of course, as it ought to be, but yet I cannot refrain from expressing my thank fulness at the improvement which theBe re turns exhibit,'for while in 1881 the children baptised were three-fifths of the number they ought to have reached, in this year they ap pear as five-sixths of the required number. Tn other words, while in 1881 there were 1,128 presumably Church of England children of (whose baptism we have no record, the cor responding number this year is only 456. Confirmations have been more numerous \- during the .past year than in the previous years. Between March 18 and December 31, 1883.1 was able to hold eighty confirmations. At these no less than 1,349 persons were con firmed. As this number seems very large in . comparison with the highest reached in any previous year in thiB Diocese, I should remind you that it is consequent upon the See being vacant for more than a year, and the impossibility in late years of so many confirmations being held. It is, of course, a matter for regret that tvhile so many as 873 females were confirmed, \- only 476 males were presented for confirma tion, but I earnestly hope that the more frequent opportunities which now will lie afforded for holding this sacred rite will result in a greater number of men and youths Jioldly taking their stand on the Bide of Christ and His cause, and that both pastor . and people will find in confirmation classes \- one of the best opportunities ever afforded us for the deepening of our spiritual life, and for the imparting and receiving that definite Instruction which has proved of so great a value to many. Perhaps the best test of the . spiritual life of the Diocese is to be found in the number of the communicants. Both in this respect and in the number of acts of \- communion, there <s a considerable increase upon the numbers given last year; and when . It is borne in mind that through the accident of Easter falling early last year and late this . year it happens that no Easter day is in cluded in the twelve months over which these returns are spread I must consider them especially satisfactory. The number of communicants returned last year was 3,139, and the aggregate communions made 22,533, while this, year they are respectively 3,901 and 28,078. In Church building and exten . sion I am glad^ to be able to report considerable progress. Among the works . already completed I have consecrated the Churches of St. Peter's, Glenelg; St. Paul's, Narracoorte; St. Augustine's, Port Augusta; and the chancel of St. George's, Woodforde, while before long I hope to be able to add to this list the chancel of St. Clement's, Enfield, and the new Church of St. Aidan's, Harden. Besides "these I have opened and licensed the North Adelaide Mission Church, the Churches of St. George's, Yorktown ; St. \- Colnmba, Snowtown ; All Souls', East Ade laide; St. James's, West Adelaide; the Prospect Mission Church, and Mission Churches at Springton and Lncindale, and in . a few days I shall be called upon to open a new Church at Willunga. Of works now in progress the foundation-stones of the follow ing have been laidSt. Barnabas, Border town, and St. Mark's, Woodside; .'While in three townships in the Sonth-Esst, in two places in Kangaroo Island, in at least three places in the North and Far North, as well as ia many places nearer home there are build ings in varions stages of completion, or for which tenders have been already called. ' There are also several townships where gifts • pf land have been made for the puipose of Church buildings. Home Missions.—Under the_ name "of the Bishop's Home Mission "Society, which was inaugurated last year, our Home Mission Funds have taken a new departure. Subscriptions have been gene rously made in answer to my appeal. The offertories have greatly increased, and the aggregate amount of these with the funds placed at the disposal of the Society by the attorneys of the S.P.G. and the Church of England Endowment Society wiU, it is lioped, enable the committee to greatly develop the work of the Society. Indeed, so important are becoming the f unctions of the Society that it is contemplated that the annual meeting should be held at some time other than that at which Synod meets, in order that its operations may be adequately •discussed. The Bev. F. T. Whitington, our admirable organizing chaplain, has furnished me with a report, which I will here intro duce." He then called upon the Rev. F. T. Whitington, the Organizing Chaplain of the Bishop's Home Mission, to read his report, from which the following is extracted:— "Port Wakefield and Port Gawler Mission. —I aih able to report that the work seems to he going on Bteadily and satisfactorily. A new centre has been established in the town ship of Dublin, near Mallala, and services are also about to be started at Wasleys, on the North Line. At Balaklava the building of a Church is shortly to be begun, the Home Mission Society having furthered the move ment by a loan of £200 at 4 per cent, interest. Tenders are now being received for a Church to be bnUt at Mallala. Yacka, Koolunga, and RedhilL—Last November 1 spent several days in this Mission, and was much pleased at the hearty tone of our Church people, despite the trying circumstance of a long continued clerical vacancy. A trip to Port Broughton convinced me that the people of that neighbourhood will gladly do their part towards supporting a resident Missionary when (your Lordship is able to supply one. In the meantime the catechists of the Home Mission have paid lengthy visits to this Mission, and occasionally it has been found possible to send a clergyman. Crafers and Aldgate.—The gift by the owners of Aldjgate North township of an acre of ground, capitally situated for Church purposes, and the willingness of the Crafers Church Com mittee to become identified with the Home Mission movement, has led to the formation of a Mission in the hills district, under the care of the Bev. J. Orchard, as curate in charge. I paid a satisfactory visit to the Mission in March. Suburban Missions.—1 The supply of the rapidly growing population in the suburbs of Adelaide with Church services, was a matter which your Lordship in structed me required immediate attention. On Sunday, April 22, of last year, a beginning was made by the holding of services at Islington, Prospect, and Parkside, two schoolrooms and an old Chapel being ob tained for the purpose. Since that time new centres have been opened as opportunity offered and the necessities of the case de manded, and there are now regular Mission services held at Bowden-on-the-Hill, Burn side, and Payneham, in addition to the three suburbs first named. 'Besides these, the Church of St. James, West Adelaide Opuilt mainly through the energy of the Bev. F. R Coghlan, while incumbent of St. Luke's, Adelaide), is included in the suburban plan, as is also St. Clement's, Enfield, the Bev. J, C. Haynes having resigned the incumbency because of the increased demands made upon him by the St. Peter's Collegiate School. In the Prospect Mission a School-Church has been built upon a piece of land given by Messrs. Sanders & Packard, the Home Mission assist ing by a loan of £200. At Payneham the chancel and part of the nave of a Church have just been completed, and are about to be consecrated. The liberality of the resi dents in this Mission demands special men tion. The Parkside and Islington Missions are taking steps to procure buildings, the land having in each case been purchased, and a loan obtained from the Home Mission of £200. I presume your Lordship will be specially anxious for information which affords anything like an index to the spiritual results of . the year's work in the suburbs, and I therefore forward the following synopsis from my recordsBaptisms, 92; confirmees, 16 ; communicants, 88 ; communions made, 344 ; Bunday-Bchool teachers, 32; scholars, 386. Invaluable help has been given by 12 dis trict visitors and 8 lay readers. Home Mission Finances.—The very large increase in the Home Mission Collection Return for the past year, as compared with previous years, is most gratifying. The difference between £388 for 1883, and £162 for 1882, is probably due to a great extent to the per sonal advocacy of the claims of the fund by your Lordship in many parts of .the Diocese, therefore future returns may not for some time reach the amount last received ; but it may fairly be expected that a sustained in terest in this important branch of the Church's work will be manifested in the steady growth of the annual collection in all the Churches. The special appeal by your Lordship last year for help resulted in £749 being contributed, of which £655 repre sents annual subscriptions. The proposal to raise £3,000 at 4 per cent, as a Mission Loan Fund met with fair support, considering the commercial depression which has lasted ever since the plan was first mooted. This fund has provided the loans to' the various Missions referred to in preceding paragraphs of this report, and promises to be a most important adjunct to our missionaiy organi zation. It may be interesting to add that in the suburbs alone the local residents have raised, by way of offertory and donations for buildings, the sum of £827 5s. 4d. during the year." His Lordship continued—"Mr. Whit mgton's report does not, however, cover the whole field of the Society's operations. In order to stimulate local effort, a committee has been formed of gentlemen residing in the South-Eastern district, who conduct the management of the financial affairs of the South-East Mission, our Society making a grant-in-aid upon certain conditions. The clergynow working in this Mission are the Bev. Rowland Hay ward, in whose charge it is placed; the Rev. W. D. Lilbnrn, who has been but recently licensed to it; mid the Revs. F. W. Merrill and D. Kerr. I cannot too highly praise the self-denying work of all the clergy in this Mission, and especially of the Chaplain, whose zeal has greatly influenced all among whom he | has worked. The Northern Mission, from Quorn northward, is Btill under the charge of the hard-working clergyman who bravely is carrying on, single-haudedt the difficult work of building up Church life in that remote portion of the Diocese. The Areas Mission has undoubtedly suffered much through the want of clergy. However, by the appointment of the Rev. A. C. Hoggins, of which I have already spoken, I nope a new Deginning is now likely to be made of satisfactory work. For the Western Mission we hope m a short time to have larger clerical assistance than hitherto. The Rev. T. Blackburn, incumbent of Fort Lincoln, is working hard in his neighbour hood as far north as Tumby Bay. The Rev. W. G. Blackmore will be now stationed at Elliston, and before long I hope we shall be able to send a clergyman to Streaky Bay. The Fort Firie Mission is undoubtedly thriving better since the work of the Rev. J. H. Corvan has been confined to a smaller area. In Yorke's Peninsula, while the existing Missions conducted by the Rev. F. Richmond at Maitland and the Rev. M. M. Whitton in the southern part are carried on aB heretofore, there is a strong' desire and a good opening for extension of our work. Missions to the Heathen.—The only Missions to the heathen systematically helped by us in this Diocese appear to be the Melanesian Mission, towards which a sum of £316 4s. 5d. has been this year collected, and the Mission to Aborigines of Australia carried on at Poonindie. The support rendered to the former, though hearty, ia not so great as perhaps it ought to be, when we consider it is the only foreign Mission effort made by us. 1 cannot think that we are.discharging our full duty to the aborigines in -the attempts that are being made in the colony to bring them to a know ledge of Christianity. In the four institu tions which now exist, three of which are not in connection with the Church of England, after all we gather but a small proportion of the blacks whose homes have been disturbed and country appropriated, t is true they are reced ing from us the further as colonists advance into what has been their conntry; but if they are deprived bv us of temporal rights, ought we not to be tne more desirous of imparting spiritual pri vileges 1 It is difficult to see what is best to be done, but if we have the will the way will not be wanting. Of Foonindie itself; a detailed report will be found bound up with the Synod accounts. In St. Barnabas' College there have taken place one or two changes. The Wardenship is at present held by myself, and I have placed the Eev. F. T. Wnitington to reside in it as Bursar. As by the arrange ment of the late Bishop power has been left to frame new statutes and make regulations for its proper use as a Theological College and Hostelry for the Diocese, I am hoping that, after a little more experience of our heeds, I may be able, with the advice of the Chapter, to frame suitable rules; but the Synod will agree with me that in such a matter as this it is better to delay than to decide hurriedly. Meanwhile there are many uses to which the building is being put. Two men, who have recently been ordamed Dea cons, have prepared for their examinations under the guidance of Dr. Dendy, who still retains, for the present at any rate, the office of Theological Tutor. More than one catechiBt has recently been living there, and an Association of lay readers holding the Bishop's licence to work in the Diocese has been formed, which meets there fortnightly, courses of lectures on subjects connected with their work being given oy myself and other clergymen. I may add that a special library is being formed for the use of the lay readers, in which books of sermons, approved by the Bishop for use in Churches m the Diocese, are being placed. The number of lay readers who have received from me either a renewed licence, where they had been working under, the licence of the late Bishop; or have re ceived a new licence from me is 106. In St. Peter's Collegiate School the number of scholars has increased during the year from ISO to 175. At the University Examinations in December last one-seventh of the whole Bchool was sent up for examination, and one ninth passed. The success of so large a pro portion of the whole school, rarely reached in England, is an evidence of the soundness of the teaching given. The filling-up of the second-mastership by the appointment of Mr. A. Inkersley, B.A., Brasuose College, Oxford, adds additional strength to the school. Church of England Temperance Society and White Cross Army.—I am deeply thankful to be able to report that in Beveral parishes these two Societies are now being formed upon the plans which after discussion were agreed to by the clergy in September last, and for which I have sent out rules to every parish in the Diocese. Work of this character is a definite attack upon strongholds of evil in which we 'can find co-operation and sympathy with men who in other ways do not often work with us. Most of us will recognise the need of organized action in dealing with the sins which these Societies have been formed for the purpose of combating. God grant we may see these grow in numbers and in influence. I am glad to report an increase in numbers both of teachers and scholars in the Sunday-schools. The numbers are as followsTeachers, 674; scholars, 6,705; against 668 and 6,226 last year. A small committee, consisting of the Ven. Archdeacon Marryat, the Revs. Canon Howell and S. French, nave drawn up an ex ceedingly useful series of lcssonB for use in the Sunday-schools, and I have no doubt that with their introduction we shall find an im provement in the general instruction given; but it iB with sincere sorrow that I have to sustained in the death of Mr. F. H. Carter, the Secretary to our Sunday-school Union, whose life was spent for others, and whose example of disinterested labour is, to. all who knew him, a continual incentive to work for the Master, into whose rest he has now re turned. In the few dayschools we possess good work is going on. I have to thank the Rev. H. M. Pollitt for his inspection of them and the report he has furnished. The question of the completion of the Cathedral I bring before you in another shape. I will only here add an expression of my thankfulness at the manner in which it is, generally speaking, filled, and for the real beauty of its services. Perhaps the service of thanksgiving in which we joined when our Primate, the Bishop of Sydney, first set foot on Australian soil, on March 29, should not pass without notice. That spirit of thankfulness for his arrival will, I doubt not, increase the more the : longer he is spared to guide us." POONINDIE NATIVE MISSION INSTITUTION. Mr. E. G. Blackmore read the annual report of the Poonindie Mission Station. He testified to the care which had been taken of the projierty generally, and to the satisfac tory condition of the natives on the station. He indicated the result of the agricultural and pastoral work on the station during the past year, which were generally satisfactory, i He was confident that good work was being | done, especially among the children, but not much permanent good could be hoped for while tne influences for good were suspended from time to time by outside influences. There was nothing to prevent the adults leaving the place when they pleased, and though they were generally anxious to be taken back sooner or later they were none the better for their absence. On March 31 last there were 16 married people, 8 single men, 2 single women, 13 children with parents, 6 orphan boys, and 8 orphan girlB, making a total of 53 in the institution, while 23 chil dren were in attendance at the school. in reply to the Rev. S. French, the Pbbsi dent stated that he had received a private letter which indicated that the spiritual results of the work at the station had been highly satisfactory. The Rev. 0. 6. Taplin asked why some of the natives had left Poonindie and gone to the Point Peirce Station. Mr. Blackmore said he was not aware that any natives had voluntarily left Poo nindie and gone to Point Pearce. It was found necessary from time to time to send natives away on account of gross misbe haviour. The report was adopted. VOTE OF THANKS TO THE BISHOP. Archdeacon Fabb, in the absence of the Dean, moved—" That the thanks of Synod be given to His Lordship the Bishop for his valuable pastoral address and report on the state of tne Diocese, and that they, with the statistics of the Diocese, be published in the Synod report." Mr. C. B. Young seconded the motion. The motion was carried unanimously, with acclamation, and His Lobdship briefly re plied. ADOPTION OF REPORTS AND ACCOUNTS. It was proposed by the Hon. H. Scott and seconded by Archdeacon Fabb—"That the reports of the Standing Committee, the Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund, the Clergy Annuity Fund, and those re the North-road Ceme tery, the episcopal income, Fundamental Pro vision No. 13, the model trust deed, parish boundaries, andthe determinations of Synod, be received, taken as read, and published in the report." Carried. It was proposed by- Mr. A. Boult, and seconded by Sir. W. Thurston—'" That the balance-sheet of the Treasurers of Synod for the year ending Easter, 1884, and the accounts of the Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund, the Clergy Annuity Fund, the General Synodal Endowment of Churches Fund, the Bishops'Mission Committee, the North-road Cemetery, and the Melanesian Mission, be received, adopted, and published in the report." Carried. It was proposed by Canon Green", and seconded by Rev. A. Sells—"That the thanks of Synod be given to the attorneys of the S.P.G., the Dean and Chapter, the trustee of the Allen Pastoral Aia Fund, and the committees of the Incorporated Church ot England Endowment Society, and the Dio cesan Library for their accounts, reports, and statistical returns, and that they be received and published in the reports." Carried. The Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund re port and the report on the North-road Cemetery were adopted. It was agreed—"That the Clergy Annuity Fund report be adopted, and that the Stand ing Committed be authorized to add the sum of £25618s. 2d., being balance of unexpended income on March 31, 1884, to the Capital Guarantee Fund." THE CATHEDRAL AND THE SVNOD. Mr. A. Boult moved—" That this Synod is of opinion that the Cathedral should take its share in the expenses of Synod in common with the other Churches of the Diocese." He said it appeared to him that the fact that Synod existed for the benefit of the Cathedral as much as for any other Church in the DioceBe and that the Cathedral was vested in the Synod were powerful reasons why the Cathedral should contribute to Synod in common with other Churches. Further, he understood that His Lordship was about to invoke the Synod's help in the completion of the Cathedral, and the assistance would un doubtedly be far more readily given if the Cathedral was placed on the same foot ing as other Churches in relation to Synod. There were two methods by which the Churches were assessed. The first was that of charging 9d. per seat let, and if no seats were let a charge of 9d. in the pound on the i stipend of the clergyman was made. The amount payable on the stipend of the Cathedral clergyman would only amount to about £10 a year. Captain Jebvois seconded the motion, and said that there was a feeling that the exemp tion of the Cathedral from the expenses of Synod was invidious, and that the Cathedral Bhould pay the small amount necessary to place it on the same footing as other Churches. Canon Green moved aB an addition the words—"And that for this year the assess ment be fixed at £12." The amendment was put and lost on a division by orders. The Hon. H. Scott then proposed a further amendment—" That the question be sub mitted to the Standing Committee for report at the next session of Synod." Carried. The amendment was then put as a substan tive motion, and was loBt, so that the whole matter lapsed. Mr. A. Boult proposed, and Captain Jebvois seconded—" That the assessment for Synodal expenses be as proposed by the Standing Committee." Mr. Anthony proposed as an amendment to strike out all the words after " expenses" and insert in lieu of them the words " be calculated at the rate proposed by the Standing Committee, plus one-ninth." The amendment was rejected, and the motion carried. the melanesian mission. It was resolved " that all amounts received by the Synod during the ensning year for missions to the heathen be paid to the Trea surer of the Melanesian Mission, unless other wise directed by the parish contributing." GIFTS TO THE SYNOD. The Rev. F. R, Coghlan proposed, and Mr. A. Boult seconded—" That the thanks of the Synod be given to Messrs. C. E. Stokes and W. Fowler for their gifts of land to the Synod for Church purposes." Carried. DETERMINATION OF THE GENERAL SYNOD. Archdeacon Fare proposed—" That clause 6 of Determination No. 1 of the General Synod, made October 19, 1881, be ac cepted by this Synod." He said that the determination read as follows " Whenever the See of the Metropolitan of a province, except in the case of Sydney, shall become vacant the Synod of the Diocese shall nominate in such manner as may to it seem expedient two duly qualified persona to the Bishops of the province. And whichever of such two persons the said Bishops or a majority of them shall elect shall be the Metropolitan and Bishop of the Metropoli tical See. Provided always that it shall be competent for the said Synod, in place of the above nomination of two qualified persons, to appoint a committee to act with the Bishops of the province, or with a committee appointed by such Bishops, and such Diocesan Committee, and the said Bishops or their committee, Bhall have power by concurrent majorities to elect a duly qualified person, who shall be Metropolitan of the said pro vince." The object of his motion was really to unite the Diocese of Austrab'a as one whole, for so long as they held out against this determination that result conld not be arrived at, as the determination could not become the law of the General Synod. All the other Dioceses had accepted it, and they alone refused to do bo. No doubt they would have to give up some thing, hnt he held that even if they had to yield a great deal it would be well for them to follow the example of the other Dioceses in order that they might act for the general food of the Church throughout Australia, t had been contended that this would limit their choice of a Bishop, but that would not be so unless they became a Metropolitical See. They need never become that, and even if they did all that they would have to do would be to nominate two duly qualified persons to the Bishop of the province, who would then elect the Metropolitan, instead of electingone person and submitting his name to the Bishops of Australasia, who might reject him or not as they might please. It bad been said that the right to me morialize the Archbishop to appoint a Bishop of Adelaide, or to memorialize the Priir.ate of the Church in Australia and Tasmania, withhiscom-provincialBishops, to appoint or recommed a Bishop to the See. would be taken away: but it would still remain, only they would have to obtain the assent of the Bishop of the province. They should recollect how Sydney had given up rights which it valued highly for the good of the whole Church, and they ought for the sake of unity to agree to the motion. The Rev. F. Williams seconded. Canon Howell opposed the motion, and contended that it would be improper for them to give np a most important privilege. It was inevitable that Adelaide would be the Metropolitical See of Sooth Australia, and therefore they must contemplate legis lating for it in that light. A great difficulty might arise if the nomination of two persons for a Bishopric had to be followed. The See might be united as.to one man, l>ut they would be compelled to send in two, and it might happen that the Bishops of theprovince not agreeing or not appreciating their feeling thoroughly might select the wrong man. He hoped the. motion would not be carried. Archdeacon Mabbyas thought that the resolution could be put to- the General Synod to consider their views, and if they would not accept them then for the sake of unitv they might ©ve way in the matter. He would therefore, move as on amendment —" That the representatives be requested to bring Determination No. 1 of 1881 before the next General Synod, with the view of sepa rating the election of the Primate from the determination respecting the election of a Metropolitan,and to thealteration of themode of the election o£ a Primate and that of a Metropolitan." He thought that the un satisfactory working of the mode proposed here had been shown in the selection of & Bishop for [Sydney, and if they wanted any further example they might look at the difficulty that was experienced in electing a Metropolitan sorqe time since at Montreal. This procedure was opposed to Church history, and he thought that, bearing all these facts in mind, they ought to leave the appeal in its present form, because it was opposed to one of the non-funda mental regulations. He looked forward to the time when Adelaide would be a Metropolitical See, and if they were to agree to the determination they would give np the rights of election which they now possessed. He thought that as the Bishop of Adelaide must be the Metropolitan of the Diocese they might fairly ask for the separation of the two questions which were involved in the determination—viz., of the election of Metropolitan so as not to interfere with the rights of the Diocese of Adelaide to elect its own Bishop in accordance with the fundamental provisions of the DioceBe. Canon Coombxs supported the amend ment. Dean Kussell did not agree with Arch deacon Marryat, and held that the Synod ought not longer to hold aloof from agreeing to that which would tend to the unity of the Church in Australia. Mr. H. S. Anthony said, although he rose to support the proposal of Archdeacon Farr, he thought it could scarcely be carried in its present form. It should be .proposed to accept the determination, and to ask for leave to bring in a measure to alter the regulations not fundamental so that they might agree with the determination. He pointed out the manner in which the deter mination, if agreed to, would affect the Diocese of Adelaide, and stated that it would undoubtedly be the best thing to adopt the determination. The Rev. S. Fbench supported the motion, and said that it was probable that the deter mination would become applicable to Vic toria and Queensland long before it affected South Australia, and that they would have an opportunity of seeing how the experiment worked. Canon Gbeen thought the other colonies might make their trials of the arrangement without any interference from this colony, snd that we had better await the result. HIb Lobdshif pointed ont that the deter mination had been brought forward for the express purpose of strengthening the Church in her organization and extending aB far as possible the formation of provinces through out Australia. He pointed out that accord ing to Bingham the Suffragan Bishops had the right to chose and consecrate their own Metropolitan, and this was as it shonld be. He did not think that they could do better than accept the determination of Synod, as by doing so the work of the Chnrch would not suffer, and any sacrifice that was made would be for the sake of unity. The amendment was put and lost. A vote by order was token on the motion, with the result that 11 clergymen and 17 lay men declared for the motion, while 11 clergy men and 7 laymen voted against it. As it required a majority of each order to carry the motion it was declared lost. The Synod of the Church of England in the Diocese of Adelaide again met for the dispatch of business at the Church Office, Leigh-street, on Wednesday, May 14. His Lordship the Bishop (President) occupied the chair, and there was an attendance of forty seven clergy, including Archdeacon Dove, the Revs. M. M. Whitton, P. B. P. Dodd, G. E. Gibbes, and F. Richmond, who were not Iircsent on the previous day, and forty-fire aity. FABISH BOUNDARIES COMMITTEE. Archdeacon Mabrtat proposed—" That the Parish Boundaries Committee be re appointed, and that they be instructed to give notice to the incumbents of the Churches mentioned in_the schedule to their report that unless objection is made the boundaries as defined in the schedule will be recom mended for adoption by the next Synod, and that the said committee be authorized to enquire into and report upon the boundaries of all parishes represented in Synod of which the boundaries have not been defined." He explained that this motion was intended to carry out the recommendation of the com mittee, which had acted ou the following principle recommended by the Parish Boundaries Committee of 1878, viz.:—"To define the actual boundaries of each parish proper, and to annex thereto such adjoining aistrictsastheydeemeddesirable. The Bishop may at any time, by notice in writing to the incumbent, separate the districts so annexed." Mr. C. B. Young seconded the motion. After a short discussion the motion was amended so as to provide that notice should be given not only to the incumbents of the Churches mentioned in the schedule, but to the clergy working in the adjoining districts. His Lordship said he hoped Synod would appreciate the importance of this motion and the difference between clergymen working in a defined area—a properly defined parish— and simply ministering to a congregation. He greatly deprecated the latter practice— (Hear, hear)—and it was highly desirable that clergymen should have a defined area within which they would know it to be their duty to seek out Christ's wandering sheep, and thus undoubtedly have a better know ledge of what was expected of them. The motion as amended was carried. ORGANIZATIONS OF WOMEN FOB CHURCH. WORK. The Rev. S. Green moved—" That this Synod, recognising the great blessing that has attended the organized work of women in the Church, is of opinion that a com mittee should be appointed to consider how far it may be practicable to introduce into this Diocese deaconesses or members of a sisterhood for the furtherance and develop ment of various branches of Church work. Such committee to have power to take snch further action as it may deem advisable .with the approval of the Bishop of the Diocese." He said that he would be quite prepared to submit the action of the committee proposed to the Bishop!; in fact he hoped His Lord ship would the the Chairman of the com mittee. He referred in the first place to the excellent work done by the Sisters of St. Joseph, and saia the Church to which they belonged was to be congratulated on having such an 'admirable organization. He wished to see a body of women doing similar work to this in connec tion with the Church of England. In England there were many women connected with the Church who were carrying on Church work in various branches, and in many places there were training institutions for deaconesses. He pointed out that in the early days of the Church women were employed as deaconesses. far more largely than at present in carrying on Church work; but the sisterhood was a modern development in connection with the Church of England. He did not mind whether a sisterhood or deaconesses were appointed so long as they carried out the work he had in view. There were deaconesses in 8 parishes and 23 sisterhoods with 107 branches in - England, and the work that was done there, and which required to be done here, was hospital work, nursing the Bick, school and penitentiary work. This was labour that could be carried on by women far better than by men, and it would be well to bring out from England a few trained workers, who would be able to commence the work and give instruction to others. He was sure that by the aid of such women-workers the work of God would be much advanced, and the good effect of their teaching on the yonng would be most marked. Canon Howell seconded. Canon Dendt sup ported the motion, and urged that it would be of the utmost advantage to the (Anrch in the work carried on - at the Refuge at Walkerville if they could obtain some trained sisters. In fact, the in stitution could not be properly managed or extended to provide additional accommoda tion unless they could obtain some such trained assistance. Rev. H. J. Freeland supported the mption, and said it would be of the utmost advantage to have an organized community of religious women in the Diocese. The Hon. H. Scott testified to the success which attended the work of the Roman Catholic sisterhood, and thought the utmost good would result if a number of ladies con nected with the Church could be induced to engage in the work of relieving the poor and giving religious instruction. He thought in discussing a question of that kind they should be very careful to avoid exciting the suspi cions of some members of the Church who might be afraid of the inclination of others to " flirt with the scarlet lady." (Hear, hear.) He thought that as only a limited number of members of Synod were present it would not be advisable to appoint a com mittee with power to act—(Hear, hear)—but that they should simply appoint a committee to report on the matter. He moved to amend the motion to this effect. (Hear, hear.) Canon Andbews seconded the amendment. Dean Russell said he had, when adminis tering the Diocese, expressed the opinion that one of the most urgent wants of the Diocese was that of an organized body of women working in connection with the Church, and he felt bound to give his warmest support to the present proposal. He pointed oat that if sisterhoods were introduced the women must be grouped together and sub jected to some description of religious rule, and that in this Diocese the establish ment of sisterhoods might wear a party colouring and give umbrage to some of the members of the Church who were extremely jealous of anything at all approaching an imitation of the Roman Catholic institu tions. (Hear, hear.) He earnestly wished for the assistance of devoted and properly trained ladies in the various departments of parish work where they "could labour with marked advantage. He advised that the amendment of the Hon. H. Scott should be accepted. The Rev. H. M. Pollitt said that in his district he was continually feeling the want of such assistance as could only be given by an organization of deaconesses or a sisterhood working in connection with the Church. He hoped that anxious alarm would interfere with any efforts made in the direction indicated by the motion. Mr. S. Tomb sup ported the amendment, and hoped that nothing resemoling the sisterhood at East Granstead in England, which were very colourable imitations of similar institutions of the Church of Rome, would be introduced here. Mr. O'Halloban supported the amend ment, as he thought the proposal was one which required the most careful considera tion, and should be reported upon by a com. mittee and discussed by the next Synod -Mr. C. E. O. Smythe did not think there was any need to be afraid of the proposal as too. closely approaching the Roman Catholic order of things, and hoped no needless irrita tion would take place. Archdeacon Farr thought it would be one of the greatest possible boons if the deaconesses or sister hood organizations could be established in the colony, but it would be anything but a boon if they were introduced under such circumstances as to irritate a considerable section of the Church. (Hear, hear.) There waB a vast amount of work of the kind per formed by these organizations now being carried out in the colony, and they were not i n such deBjierate need of the assistance of deaconesses or sisters that they could not wait for a few months or a year. (Hear, hear.) In his own parish there were fifteen or sixteen ladies who were working quite as efficiently as one or two or more deaconesses could, unless they were under his direct control. He took strong exception to the last portion of the motion. These sisterhoods were great thorns in the side of the Bishops of some of the Dioceses at home when they were established, and Bishop Wil berforce had found it specially difficult to deal with them. It was proposed to give the committee absolute power, and he did not like to grant this. The establishment of sisterhoods meant the establishment of sisterhoods with all their rules under which they worked, and he did not think that was a matter that should be left to the oora mittee, but rather that it should be left to the Bishop entirely.^ (Hear, hear.) They should ask the committee to report upon the whole subject, and then any action that was recommended should be taken by the Bishop. He was in favour of the introduction of these women, and hoped the motion would be carried in an amended form. Mr. J. C. B. Moncrieff thought extreme caution should be exercised in dealing with such an important subject. Canon Greer said that even if the committee were ap pointed with power to act, it wouldbe nearly twelvemonths before they could introduce any deaconesses or sisters, and he had no objec tion to accept the amendment. The motion was accordingly amended so as to provide that the committee should report to Synod at its next annual session. His Lordship said hewastelad that the mattenhad been brought .forward by Canon Green, who had not con sulted him at all, and he was unaware of his intention till that day. (Hear, hear.) It so happened that even if the motion had not been brought forward he should have felt it his duty to act in somewhat the same manner as the Bishop of Meiltourne had already acted. (Hear, hear.) He pointed ont that the office of deaconess had no special connection with the Soman' Catholic Church, but was quite eoriptural, and from the very earliest years the work performed by deaconesses had been remarkably useful. There was not the slightest question that < authorized and organized work was needed . amongst women in this colony—the authorized sorR of deaconesses ana the organized work of those who were associated , in sisterhoods—hut' he quite agreed that there were eistere and sisters. (Hear, hear.) There were those who worked most happily ~tisnop ; with the people, the clergy, and the Bisn . of the Diocese : and there were those who seemed to have oeenintrodnoed into certain places for the special purpose, not so much , for the purposes of ordinary work as with the object of spreading special opinions. . (Hear, hear.) He could not help thinking that tney would be doing very well if they . delayed the matter for a short time, so as to allow of the fullest informa tion being obtained as to the best ' kind of workers to bring out and the most sensible rules to adopt in the Diocese. (Hear, hear.) He had feared that if the < motion as originally proposed were passed a great deal of disappointment would be caused in come parishes;, end a lot of useless agita tion excited ia others. He believed that they would never get on satisfactorily without this authorized and organized women's work in these parishes. '(Hear, hear.) It was a matter of thought with him before he left England as to whether he should bring oat some ladies with, him, but he was glad he had not, because they would probably nave robed him all in scarlet. (Hear, hear.) He trusted that at same future .time the Diocese would be fully prepared for the introduction in the proper maimer of these, female workers, who would contribute to the glory of God, the good of the Church, and the general wel fare of the Diocese. The motion as amended was unanimously agreed to. raitx XINCOLNCHOBCH. It was proposed by Mr. E. G. Blackmobe, and seoondea by the Hon. H. Scott—" That the memorial of-the wardens of St. Thomas's Church at Fort Xincoln, presented at the last session ef Synod, be now considered." The Church bad already received the maximum grant, and applied for a further sum ; but it was explained that it was impossible to make any further grant, .and the motion was with drawn. THE CHU.BCH ^FINANCIAL YEAR. It was proposed by Rev. Canon Dendy, and seoondea by Mr. McCeae—"That in future the Church financial year end on December 31, and that all Vestry records and the statistics of the Diocese be made up to that date." Carried. The Synod, at 10.15 p.m., adjourned till 3 o'clock next day. 