Concert at Itlnlgoa. FROM A CORRESPONDENT. A CONCKKT camc oil at Mulgoa on Wednesday night in aid of tlio 1'arsormge repairs, and wos vory successful for Huoh a Hmall village as Mulgoa. The Hon. CI. H, Cox occupied the Chair, and performed his duties very satisfactorily. The proceeding* were opened shortly after 7,80 by Mr. Alfred Cox playing a pianoforte solo vory cralitably. Tliiu was followed by a duct, " Whispering Hope," by Miss Cox aiul Miss May Cox. Their singing was good, but I think would hare been improved by possession of confidencc on tho part of the younger Miss Cox, and I would adviso tho older ono to open her pretty little mouth a bit widor. I thought this duot was "played out." Mr. J. Grant followed with his old song "Tho Slave Chase," which ho sang in his old style. A rocltation " Kitzjamos and llodcrick Dliu " by Mr. Mason was highly appreci ated. ' Mr*. Shoavman next played a pianoforte polo in a stylo that showed sho was truly master of tho instrument. A qimrtetto, " Who will o'er tho Downs no i'Voo," was well rendered, Miss A. King's old song "No, Sir" by Miss Cox received a well merited oncoro, Mr. Grant followod with "Tlio Boatswain's Ghost," for which he sang as cnoore " The Tftttlor." A violin and piano duot by Mr. and Mrs. Shearmau would have been better of a little moro practico. Miss Cox aud Uov. Mr. Shearman next sang a duot" The Gipsy Counters " very well but I could not catch tho words, A reading from " 1'ickwlck " by Mr. Mason was encored, in response, ho rendored "Tho Well of St. Koyro " A solo " Vanity " by Miss Cox was woll rccolved. Mr. and Mrs. Slicrwin followed with a violin and piano duot " llltio Hells of Scotland." This was a vorv creditable pcrforinancc. Mr. Grant next sang "TiioLittlo lloro" whiuli was woll liked. In re sponse to au oricjre he related tho last two vorses. Mr. Collins next rend " .Bowl i oca " very nicoly. Ho also prefixed a very good explanation of the subject. " Sailing," a solo by Miss Slay Cox camo noxt, and thou Air. Mason gave anofhor I'ickwick reading. The next and last picco was a piano duet by tho little Misses .Shearman, which for two so small, was well done. Tlio Hon. G. H, Cox then asked for a vote of tliauks, to bo carried by acclamation, for the performance, which was heartily done. lie also thaukod the audience for their attendance aud announced the likelihood of anothor similar per formance being arranged, Tho jwiformcrs nnd audience tlion sang tlio National Anthem and brought a very pleasant evening to a close, I bo liovo tho proceeds to be about £6. 