THE VICTORIAN REVIEW. The issue of the Victorian Review for this month is a rather small number, and of the seven articles will it contains none are of special merit or interest. Dr. Titania's Browne'discusses the- programs of language, his object being to show that the progress of the language of a people is coeval with' our intellectual activity in literature . science, art, diplomacy, and statesmanship, and that therefore the study of human history would be necessarily incomplete allies' accompanied by a study of the growth of language in each individual nation. " A Plea for Ghosts" Is the title of an article with strong spiritualistic tendencies, by Mr. Edmund Glanville. The author quotes innumerable authorities, ancient and modern, from Pirie to John Locke, from Adam to Isaac Watts, and from the Bible to Notes and Queries," to- prove, in spite of the advancing tldo'ofscoptAcUm, that Millions! of spiritual creatures walk the earth | Unseen, both when we walk and when we sleep, Several Instances of "Hvell-nutbenticatod apparitions " are adduced, and Mr. Glanville concludes that " the i>rosili»ption-tho very strong presumption-la than, those who have passed into the unseen world continue very near us, and con under contain conditions make themselves visible loss fow, andean freely communicates with many ; while it is perfectly conceivable that choir happiness is to view the effects of the good they have done in their world, and their misery to watch the far-reaching consequences of the evil they have accomplished, and of their duties to their fellow-creatures which they have left no filled." There- is little, however, in the writer's protestations to convince the uri believes that those so-called manifestations of the spirit world are the offspring of anything but a nervous temperament and a dis ordered digestion. "Mr G. W. Knailon's deplorable parody of Austral ¡ni«-history," as he puts it. is a theme upon which, Mr. David Blair is thoroughly at home, and he devotes a second article to rescuing some of the more prominent men in Victorian pol fire from the obloquy cast upon them by Mr. Rusden in the three bulky volumes notes issued as a " History of Australia." " A spirit of bitter malevolence,", says Mr. Blair, pervades almost every page of his last volume and he concludes regretfully with the remark that duelling is no longer the fashion, and the cow bide is an article that has not yet been acclimatised in Victoria. Mr. Join Labor's treatise on the coal mines New South Wales drags Bangalow length along, but we observe with pleasure that he intends to bring it to a conclusion in the next milk- bar. Mr. Thomas Harrison contributes a chatty article on the history and origin of I volcanoes and earthquakes, and the part they play in the economy of nature. Briefly stated, Mr. Harrison is of opinion, that matter exists in a highly heated and beneath the surface of the earth that great quantities of water have percolated into, and are imprisoned within subterranean regions ; out, this water, escaping as steam, gives rise to the phenomena accompanying -Ricardo his- turban os. In a lengthy and discursive article, entitled Russia and England in a Asia The Russian occupation of Merv," a writer rejoicing in the patronymic of Ralph 0\. St. Goorgo-Sinyth traverses the whole ques tion of the relations between, Russia and England in Central Asia, with especial refer once to Russian designs on the. British Km jury in India, he has little new to tell us, but his laborious review of the position of affairs shows unmistakably the- folly of the vacillating policy adopted by English Liberalism towards lluHsiandunlicity in Asia, and on the other hand the unswerving and thorough system shown by Russia in the extension of her common and influence towards the banks, of the Indus, Mr. Smyth shows that by the occupation of Merv the Russians are brought within 220 miles of Herat, whilst the British, having retired to Quottnh, are oil miles distant from that city, so truly termed " the. body of India." Mr. A. 0. Donnolly writes otk,'4 The Decay of Faith," in a rather incQiweimont way, the burden of his tale being ten-round spread of doubt and belief, and, the advance of reason. He uses a littlqar^ument and a good deal of rhetoric to support the position he takes up, and having cojisitfiiaii the religions of the world to the limbo, of forgotten things, he asks whether we may not, realise after all that our world of,kqawledgotfails to satisfy the longings of caveators,, and look back with regret at the c shattered illusions of youth. " Shall the, son of faith then flow back again over the native,- shingles of the world, scoring; poor storm-tossed Humanity safe to truths shoreV" We don't know; really we done; and even, if we did should scarcely feel disposed to enlighten the world on the matter, . Thornander concludes with the usual notice of contemporary magazines by the editor,,. 