CONCERNING ANTS IN GENERAL. BT A MEMBEB OF THE JLF.N.C. No. IV. It has been already instanced that the drover ants of India are destitute of eyes, yet are constantly on the march, finding their way, in all probability, by the organ of smell alone. Other species, too, apparently utilise the sense of smell as a means whereby they are enabled to find their way. Occasionally an ant track, well enough defined amid the grass, comes to a termination at the edge of a road. In this case the procession goes on as before, the ants keeping in regular file completely over the bare and unmarked sur face. A passing vehicle, or even the foot Bteps of a traveller, however, appears to puzzle the ants to a considerable extent, and, for a time, the ordinary line of march ia broken up. When an ant-track has crossed a pavement we have often tested their powers of recovering their ordinary line of march, by rubbing die surface of the stone with a pockethandkerchieL This done, there is an instant impediment to the regular traffic. The ants spread out and run hither and thither on either side of the wiped area. After a time one ant, perhaps, runs com pletely across the part, wherever the scent has been destroyed, ana thus, generally, the whole train resume their previous route, as if nothing had occurred. We say they gene rally do so; but this does not always happen. We have, on several occasions, seen one, two, and once half a dozen ants get completely over ; but the crowd did not follow. After a time one particular ant mastered the diffi culty, and then the traffic was immediately renewed. This seems as if pointing to an important fact It would appear as if certain ante are chosen from the others as leaden, or probably emit a peculiar odour easily recog nised by their corijfrires. That ants are guided by scent seems to be indicated by another circumstance which has come under onr notice several times. We have repeatedly placed a small heap of sugar in an unfrequented part of our verandah. After a time the tempting morsels were found by a straggler, who, seizing a crystal, immediately made for home. The purioiner of the sugar would then be met by another ant Im mediately there was a crossing of the an tennae, and the unloaded ant would start off to find the much-relished comestible, the peculiarity of the circumstance being that in doing so the new-comer almost invariably followed the joints of the Btone, previously travelled over by his comrade. Honey, as is well known, has a well-defined odour in it self, and whereas a heap of sugar, emitting no smell, might remain undiscovered for many hours, a spoonful of honey was gene rally surrounded by crowds of depredators within a few minutes. The fondness of ants for saccharine sub stances, although some few species will not touch it, is strikingly shown by the avidity with which they feed npon the sweet matter exuded by aphides. It has long been known that wherever these pests of the agriculturist «tnH gardener abound ants are seen to congre gate in large crowds. This fact led the Kentish hop-growers to commit a great error some half a century Bince. Their Dines wete much infested with the so- called honey dew, the fluid secreted and exuded by aphides. As ants are great devourers of insects, it was fondly hoped that they would destroy the aphides also, and innumerable nests of the red-wood ant were transported in sacks to the plantations. Ants, generally however, do not eat aphides. They are by fax too wise to destroy the cow from whom they obtain the milk. Their practice is to eat the exuded secretion, and, when this supply is gone, they tickle the insects themselves with their antenna;, so as to cause them to exude still more. But that is not all. Ants not only avoid killing aphides, but actually rear and nourish them. For this purpose they obtain the eggs of these insects and store them up in special chambers of the, nest prepared to receive them. The ants then attend to these eggs as carefully as though they were their own; so that, waking up from the Bleep into which they fall in the winter, they always find a supply of their favourite food ready to hand. The eggs of the aphides that I would be otherwise destroyed by frost are; therefore preserved during the cold season, ] and the hatched insects, escaping from their prison, may serve as the progenitors of a fresh blight All ants, however, do not seem to. know the use of these sugar-producing insects. Some time since we placed a leu covered with aphides near the track of a number of "sugar ants.1' The meeting of an ant and an aphide led to rather unexpected results. The ordinarily fierce little creatures ran away from the strange, uncouth- looking insect pre senting itself before them. We repeated the experiment several times, and the ants al ways seemed to be as irritably frightened as a man would be if suddenly confronted with a ghost At last we placed a decapitated aphide at the same apot and the body was immediately seized and borne away. It may be stated; however, that on biting one of the aphides between the teeth no taste was noticeable, so there is a probability that it was not the proper season when aphides are well stored with saccharine matter; If this is not the true explanation, it is difficult to say why this species of ant should reject the food so much in favour with their confrbrt in Europe and elsewhere: this circumstance being the more remarkable when their or iinary preference for sweet things is taken into consideration. Aphides, however, are not the pnly insects retained va ant-hills, as quite a numerous bribe of small beetles find a home there. Why these are kept by the ants remains a aysteir. Two theories are advanced in ex planation of (be fact- viz., that they a<ct as a and of scavengers, or thAt theyareretainedas household pets. We would, however, eng raft a third. It is quite possible tint ths Igh of anch beetles isdistaitafnl to thaanta. and that, therefore, they are allowed to go about unmolested in the midst of a generally speaking fierce and carnivorous race. The ant-hiil, too, may be selected by theni as a home for various reasons. The ants might pro tect them against natural enemies, who would not like to follow theirprey when surrounded by such formidable associates. The beetles also may resort to ants' nests with a view of ob taining part of the provisions brought in and stored up'.by their hosts. At any rate, the fact is well established that beetles- many species even-are met with in the hills of ants of various kinds. At a late exhibition in Mel bourne several cases of these tiny creatures were shown as having been collected in Queensland. We have never as yet seen tnem in the nests of Victorian ants^but it is quite probable that they are to be found so located here as elsewhere. It would be an interesting question for naturalists to in vestigate as to whether the nests in which beetles abound are carnivorous or the re verse. We have, however, frequently met with large grubs when digging up the nests of a small yellow Bpecies of ant in this colony, such grub seeming to be allowed to remain unmolested in the midst of creatures generally thought to live by preying upon and devouring other insects. In the same nests, too, we have frequently met with a small fly of about half an inch in length. This also seemed to re main in its strange position altogether un molested. The idea of one insect adjourn ing to the nests of another for protection seems to be borne out by the frequency with which a weakand pacific species of suit is to be found closelyadjacen t to the holes of another species armed with formidable mandibles. A very beautiful variety of ant seemingly spangled with gems, when viewed through a microscope, and which is often met with in verandahs, is powerfully armed "with serrated jaws, while close beside their nests there is nearly always the ilest of a small and espe cially weak and sluggish yellow Bpecies. The same yellow species, too, is often found asso ciated with a black and fierce ant beneath Btones. We never, however, met "with the nests of a two strong and fierce species similarly located with regard to each other. The idea of the strong ant seems to be that their weaker brethren can do them no harm, and so their pre sence is tolerated. The opinion of the latter probably is that they are better off in the immediate vicinity of such powerful con frires. Added to this, it is quite likely that the weak Bpecies may derive some benefit from their situation, owing to their being able to appropriate to themselves portions of food rejected by their stronger brethren. The jackal was at one time thought to be the friend of and the provider for the lion. Recent investigators, nowever, are of opinion that the jackal simply follows the king of beasts in order that, when the latter has secured his prey, and devoured the more choice portions, he (the jackal) may feast upon the offal. 