LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. Wednesday, 26th November, 1884. W. Forrest took-exception to some remarks of Mr. Postmaster-General. Gregory's Amendment strikes out nearly the whole of the 6th clause, and makes it provide that pre-emption shall not be possible by tlie 54th Section of the Act of 1869 in case of leases granted after, the i passing of the Bill. Some little digs were given by W illiam Henry, who insisted that Heussler was a j foreigner, an,d <r Nationally speaking, out of order." Gregory's Amendment carried in a full house of twenty-five. For the Amendment, 18. Against, 7, Viz. :-—Mein, Walsh, King, Heussler, Swan, Petti grew, and Foote. N Gregory's powder proved too strong. "Mem thought it really was quite wrong: Said it milly made him ill To have to swallow Gregory's pill. Walsh wanted the P.M.G. to " consider his latter end"—or his position—that there .was " not a ghost of a chance of the Bill being carried." P.M.G. said his latter end was all right, and that Walsh had better mind his p's and q's, or, at any rate his B's and S's. Some members thought ,£1000 a year not enough for the members of the Land Board. Gregory intimated that in clause 20 he would move for an appeal from the Board, to arbitration. Good again. After tea Walsh " took the flure." He was in fine fettle, and nobody else could get a word in edge ways. He finally demanded a division on an unimportant point, and found himself sitting alone, j He thereupon denounced the Government for I voting against ist own measure, saying—" Here J is a spectacle." I. Willy Graham chipped in, " I know of a worse j spectacle than that/' I Spectacle one, spectacle two, Much concerning me and you; j A pair of spectacles! too true ! Spectacles are often glasses named, ! Glasses are often justly -blamed. j For it is plain, witli little trouble, Glasses cause men to see double. If not well adjusted, they ! Cause distorted vision—nay ! Blind the eyes from every view, Not to see what's justly due; And a Legislative meeting Make a Bacchanalian greeting. Let's forgive hiin! You will fllud William Henery had dined, "Not wisely, but too well," And the food began to tell. Rumbled in his little turn, To his head began, to come; While the Bill its stages passes, We'll remember William's glasses. But his conduct surely bears Witness, he used several pairs. The House explained in manner jocular, Walsh's glasses were Yine-ocular. . -♦> The tender of Captain Hansard, on behalf of the Queensland Steam Shipping Co., of which he is Marine Superintendent, has been accepted by the Municipal Council of Brisbane, for the lease for five years of the new wharf just erected at the end of Boundary Street, at .£1,260 per annum. The Q. S. S. Co. has ever been foremost in promoting Queensland shipping interests, It has added to its obligations by tendering for the lease of this wharf at as high a rate ; as is possible without actual loss to the Company ; as can be seen from a comparison with the three other tenders submitted. The lowest of these was a gradu ated pcale, equivalent to .£800 a year ; and the other two were .£1,005 and £1,051 per annum respectively. 