THE SURVIVAL OF SUPERSTITIONS. A CURIOUS cue of the tmrvtval ot ra edi ru val superstition In a civilised country was recently revealed In a magistrate's court In rural Ireland. Two young peasant women, named Elten Cushion and Anastasia ttourko, of comely appearance and not excep- tional Ignorant, wore brought up charged with gross cruelty towards a little girl three years old. Thoy had availed them- selves of tho absenco of tho parents to take the child away from its home, and perhaps without the slightest qualm ot pity, to place lt on a hot shovel, and keep it there until lt was danger- ously if not fatally burned. It appears that the child had become what is called in Ireland a "fairy changeling :" and their honest but benighted purpose had been to exerclso the evil spirit which bad cnturud its infantllo person. Tho girl was deformed and crippled, and this sooms to nave been the circum- stance which convinced the women of its supernatural origin. In Inflicting tho ciuolty they did, they only followed what is n rooted superstition in some parts ot Ireland. It la thoroughly believed by many ortho Ignorant and imaginativo peasantry that fairies, both good nnd bad, actually " revisit tho glimpses of the moon," nnd play all sorts of good or ill-natured pranks upon mortals. These fairies, or elves, are thought to ba exceedingly small and light, and to have tho power of voluntary Invisibility. They are said to dwoll in picturesque caves underground, or beneath tho limpid waters of Erin's lakes; and sometimes the peasants imagino that they hear the el vus discoursing M wee teat music in the snbterranean depths, Ono of the favourito tricks of tho evllly-dlsposed elves in to outer n houso through chimney or keyhole, take away tho ch lld ron, and replace them with elf children, to whom tho people give the name of fairy chango lings." Ireland is not tho only clvillsod region whore tho toe m lng superstitions which had their rise in tho Middle Ages still lurk and linger. In England, nnd especially In Scotland, tho historic \ hobgoblin still holds hi* own in many a nook and corner of tho land. Tho Scotch "bronnie," corresponding to the " banshee" of tho Irish, still alarms tho denison of the remoter Highland fastnesses. Ghost lore ls eagerly credited in the rural regions of ; Southern England. Many an Italian peasant still dovoutly shrinks from tho "mal' occhlo," and tho "evil eye*' also on occasions disturbs tho slumbers of the Dovon hind. Tho dor- mans aro, perhaps. X\w least superstitions of European peoples ; ; yet there is scarcoly n locality In the Fatherland where phantom ; tales do not cluster around hoar}* sch losaos or solitary houses, devoutly believed In by tho grapo-growcrs nud farmers. Super- stition, it need not bo said, is also rife in the psgsn Orient, and i there, and to say, lt often takes cruol nnd vengeful forms. There ! is, perhaps, not a country in Europe or Asia whero tho belief In witchcraft ls wholly extinct. Lesa than UO years ago, an old frenchman, accused or witchery, was lynched byan English mob , In a country town. Such things have happoned In rural franco at n much more recent period. A fow yen rs ago, at Nagporo, two Hindoos were condemned to penal servitude for life, be- cause they savagely put to death no less than eight persons whom they declared tobo witches, who had cast their spells over the faithful of tho neighbourhood. On this side of the sen, lt ls scarcoly nocossnry tondd, the physician and tho philosopher en- counter both gross and subtle forms of superstition. The con- tribution, for example, made by tho Southern coloured pcoplo to a summary of purely American types of superstition ls both largo and striking.- Boston Advertiser. 