CHAPTER X. It was Christmas ttve, a bright, clear day, ■ with icicles hanging in long pendants frojj^' tho roofs, and a fairy net-work of tracery, wrought by t!.o Frost Queen's fingers ojj the "windows. The skv was like a glittferiiig. expanse of sapphire—cold, keen, ariitl bril liant. <•' / Early in the afternoon Sir Piers/Lyngard rode over from home to the ManoV, and, on entering, found his betrothed busily engaged ■ decorating the hall with evergreens, a large basketful of which was on the ground, while she, mounted oiva pair of steps, care fully placed a wreath of ivy and holly round some anc'^nt looking personage in a Charles II. wig that adorned the wall. ' Doesn't he look nice ?' she asked, coming down from her porch to shake hands with the baronet; and then,' standing a little 'distance off in order to admire lier handi work, ' I don't think, from his appearance, h'i can ever have fouud himself in such . festive garb before 1' 'Probably not. Who is he?' ' Goodness knows ! An hypothetical an cestor, purchased in Wardour-stroet, per haps,' she added, with a little shrug of her shoulders, and leading the wny to the library, whither she was followed by Sir Piers. Seen in the full, clear light that streamed •/through the wide oriel window, Avice too appeared changed—graver, and more wom , anly than of yore. She was dressed in a : gown of some dark, warm, winter material, that threw up the bright purity of her com plexion, and the sunny glory of her yellow \- hair—no longer flowing loose about her • shoulders, but fastened in a knot at the '• back of her head. The only ornament she wore was her betrothal ring;—a circlet of pearls and diamonds. ' , ! ^ ; • She seated herself near.the window,1 whiles ■ •Sir;Piers leaned against the woodwork and . glanced round at a. multitude of parcels of various sizes and descriptions that littered the table. ' „ '.Thpy h.iv6 just-arrived,', slie said, fol lowing*the direclion of his eyes; and that is ■ the reason they ave not )ret unpacked.' ■ i^JRrpRarationS' for'Tuesday, I; suppose ?' ' he observed. Yes.' - ' ' - ' Our- wedding-day i,is ' very near now, {Avice.' >» - ■ ^ , r ■ •••• ' Very,' she responded, 'clasping . her f- >hands; together,: arid' -Jookin'g, not;at. hinv . but''out of\the' window- inUhe "direction of .the" lake",v where, scarcely'a yean agoi 'Las ■:;.,cel)esr had.whispered'his loverwords inv her ..near—wordssweeter . to her. than any 'Sir I'Pie'rs had ever uttered. -"' I hope it will .be as fine a day.'.as .this,'^ v;sher'addcd,.bringing! back her thoughts to : '.the/ present; ' .Tliey ,saydt; is a':,badv omen, s when tho sun doesn't shine.' wif1-. ' Rubbish'!, '-like•:most1:;other-; old wives' sayings! ■ As;'if.it could^pakeJan^ydiffe'r : .ence to-what follows,' he exclaimed;',rather " impatiently^' -'I .hope you know that, .for ^miyf .part,»I' shall do my 'best to make you a. 1 good husband.' ' ' 1 M ""I am sure you will,' in a low voicei and , without raisingiher ej'es. \ >, i looked at i.her a moment in t1 silence, and it. struck him now, as it had'when.!lshe promised to be his wife, that .her. manner , .was slightly unresponsive, considering, what j.her mother had told him with regard to her feelings. His memory travelled < back .to ' last spring, when, vowing to himself, ,he< " 'would not sorrow for the loss of one . who had proved herself to be as unworthy,,.as Maraquita, lie had gone to town and striven to forget her in a round of such constant gaiety as the London season provided. He ' had naturally been thrown a great deal into the society of Avice, who, he could not ,, help noticing, was very different fromheir own' bright self; and once, when' he ob-, served this to her mother, Mrs. Foley told ■ him the reason—namely, that she was in ■ love, the object, of her attachment being ,t himself 1 1 > ' At first he was tbo much taken aback to iay anything; but when he got home, and ''thought it over, it seemed to him only one course was left for'his adoption—that of .asking Avice to be his wife. Lady Lyngard vwas always impressing on him the necessity i.Vof giving the Court a mistress; and if, as > she said, it was his duty to marry, and so prevent, his name from dying out, why he could riot do better than weil one who was in every way so eligible as Avice. Love he had done with for over. He lost no lime in speaking to "Mrs. .'>Foley, who undertook to break the news to her daughter, and the result was that they were formally engaged—for Mrs. Foley left > ! ho' argument unsaid in her efforts to bend Avice to her wishes, and to the young girl j compliance seemed tlie only alternative left . f her. ' Are you happy, Avice ?' Sir Piers said, staking her hand, and pressing it—more 'V with the affectionate solicitude' of a brother ' than the warmth of a lover. >. She looked a little surprised, and a deep red stained her delicate face. ''Why; do you ask such a question ?' she returned, in a very low voice. ■ '.Because your appearance suggests it, 'Jjahdsyoji have often given me the impression • of having something on your mind. I may be wrong in my ideas, as I hope most sin cerely.i I am, but if not—if my surmise ># correct, and if by confiding in me you think -"' it will help you in any way, I entreat you to :.'do so.' . Just at first she did not speak, then, rais t. ing her eyes and meeting his, she was * seized > by a sudden impulse, and without pausing to reflect she told him of her love episode with Lascelles, and how it had ended. ' I have often thought I was not doing right in keeping it back from you so long, but mamma said it would grieve you to hear it, and so I was silent,' she said, in con clusion, while waiting for him to speak. He saw clearly enough that Mrs. Foley had deceived them both, but the discovery availed little now—the preparations for their wedding were complete, and the only thing for both of them was to make the best of their positions. ' I am very glad you have told me,' he said, presently, dropping a light kiss on her soft hair, and speaking with a certain gentle gravity that he frequently adopted towards I her. ' It is better for our future happiness tlint there should be no secrets between us, and I shall care for you none the less know ing this story of your past. Wo will never allude to it again, and if—as is probable —Lascelles should return to the ' Wilder ness,' I must take care you are not put to the embarrassment of meeting him. Believe me, Avice, my great wish is to make you happy.1 I do believe it,' she whispered soflly, -Rut at the same time she sighed, thinking diflicult a task it would be. She liked Sir-Piers very much, she trusted him thor oughly—still, neither liking nor trusting constitute love 1 They were both glad when Mrs. Foley enterecl, and began undoing some of the parcels lying about—gloves, laces, &c.;, for the completion of the bride's trousseau, which was to be an extremely elaborate one; for Mrs. Foley deemed nothing too good for her fair young daughter, and had pleased herself in an expenditure lavish enough for a duchess. Personally, she felt thoroughly satisfied with herself for the part she had played in bringing about the suc cess of her cherished plan. ' Why don't you two take advantage of this lovely weather and go out for a walk ?' she' said ; and Avice rose slowly, as Sir Piers said he thought the suggestion a.good one. , • I wonder if the bells are ringing,' she murmured, half absently; and as she spoke she opened the window, through which came, not the sound of bells, but that of carriage wheels, rapidly approaching the house. ' Visitors ' I wonder who they are 1' A few seconds later a brougham passed the window, but she could not Recognise its occupants, or the arms of the panels. Mrs. Foley went on with her occupation, suppos ing that the callers, whoever-they might be, would be taken into the drawing-room ; but in this idea she was mistaken,-for the door .was,;-Suddenly thrown open, and, without announcement of any kind, there entered three figures—those of Lascelles, Maraquita and a second lady, who wore a thick black veil over her face. .v For a little while no. one spoke, and it would b.e diflicult to say which of those six people were most deeply abated. Mrs. Foley was the first to regai^j* caljnjioss, and she advanced to the tabla^on which she, laid her hand—perhaps for stipport^— .' .You have come upon us sUtMenly, Dr. Lascelles,' she said, addressing j£taself--ttf him, and ignoring the presence ^fjVIara "quita, who did' not dare li^ier CTes^lest they should encounter those of Sir Piers. And ni)' visit requires some explanation, '•Which I am anxious to lose no tjimS^i giving,' he responded gravely, and with'a low bow. 'I have come for the purpose of accompanying this lady, who for many years is supposed to be dead, but who is none other than your sister, Mrs. Leclerq.! As he finished speaking she lifted her veil, and revealed the sad and beautiful features of the lady Avice had seen'at' the "Wliderness," but 110 longer clouded ,by ■the/wildness of expression that had formei'ly been tliere. Sweet, grave, sorrowful as the face was, it yet was evident her brain had regained its lost balance, and reason was once more restored to its throne. v' :She took a few steps forward, and' held out her arms. ; ' Don't you know mo, Alison—your sister Alix ?*' 1 Mrs. Foley staggered back, as if a ghost had, confronted lier, and, indeed, such was the case ; for here was a. woman who had/as itfwcre, risen from her grave; i after everyone'had believed her dead these fifteen years past. ■;■ < . ' Is it—can it be—you?) she exclaimed at last, in a low whisper. 'Really, I. Ami changed beyond'recog nition ?,' ■ ' No/:1 but I • cannot realize it—I1 anv, be wildered by tlie shock,' Mrs; Foley said, still lost in amazement, and never, removing her, eyes from her sister's face. \' Tell me Unmeaning, of it all.' > * « , , ;In her stupefaction—for such it really amounted to—she was oblivious of the pre sence" of Maraquita and the others—all ■ of .."whom were silent as if they had been, spec tators in some exciting melodrama, in whose denouement they each bpre an, important part. ' The meaning is this,' said Mrs. Lcclerq, striving to speak calmly.. ' As you know, I was left a widow very young, with one little girl, and I afterwards married Paul Lecjerq, and went to live at Jersey. While there my husband accompanied some ■ friends on a yachting cruise, and, greatly against my wishes, took Evelyn with him. When he returned he said the child was drowned, and requested me to sign some papers by whose aid he could obtain possession of the fortune which had been left her by her grandfather, and which, on her disease, lapsed to .me. I knew he was in great pecuniary difficulties. I also knew his character and the villainy of which he was capable, and a terrible dread took possession of me. I feared lie had wilfully,brought about the child's death, in order to obtain her money, and 1 accused him of it, and threatened to have an inquiry instituted. A dreadful scene,ensued, which confirmed me in my belief, and en raged by what I said, Leclerq struck me a blow, which caused me to fall down, and, as I have, since learned,'to strike my head against the steel bar of the fender.', ' Let me.continue,' put in Lascelles, com ing forward, and laying his hand gently on the arm of the speaker, who was very much agitated by her own words, and the recol lections they engendered; ' Perhaps I am in a better position to take up the thread of your narrative at this point. At that time I was very young, and just setting up in prac tice for myself at Jersey, where I made the, acquaintance of Paul Leclerq, who, a thorough gambler at heart, soon imbued me with his own taBtes. I played ccarte with I him . night after night with a result that I migHt have been easily anticipated ; and at length he not only won all my available money, but held an I.O.U. for two hummed pounds, which I had absolutely no means of paying—indeed, 1 know not which way to turn, in order to satisfy my just creditors, and was well nigh driven distracted by my difficulties. One day Mr. Leclereq called me in to see his wife, who was suffering from a dreadful wound on the head, and was insensible, and in most precarious condition. I attended her for some time, but at last, came to the conclusion that the brain had received an injury from which it would never recover, and that for the rest of her life she must be hopelessly insane. He suggested that I should take entire charge of her, and when I acquiesced, she and hcr-iuaid were brought to my house, but before they had been there a week the latter was taken ill of diphtheria, and died. Theji an idea oc curred '.o Leclercq.and by my guilty consent to helping him in its execution, I committed a sin. the consequences of which have cast a shadow on my whole life, and remorse for which will never cease to haunt me. So long as his wife lived, and was insane, her trustees would not permit him to touch the principal of her daughter's fortune, and it did not answer his purpose to content him self with the interest. Ho therefore pro posed that her death should be reported, and that the maid should be buried under her name. At first I declined having anythng to do with such a plot, but he brought all his powers of persuasion to bear on me; and at last, by his sophistry, wrung from me a reluctant consent—given partly, as I, to my shame, confess, in consideration of'his restoring my I.O.U., and the rest of the money he had won from me at cards. This much I must say in justice to myself, that if I had had the least hope of Mrs. Leclercq ever recovering her reason, I would on no! persuasion have given in ; but of that I did not imagine there was a shadow of a chance; and, moreover her health was so delicate that in any case I did not think she would live, very long, and so I gave-a certificate of her death, and her husband ttfoflj: possession of her fortune by* virtue of a will she had executed shortly after her secon<^marri<)ge. 'Well time passed~&i;^and Mrs..Leclercq grew stronger in body, though herVnental condition remained the sa\ne until I ctianced to study a system of treatment that had been employed in cases similar t<TherS, and.which I resolved to try on hor, for I had awoke to the full consciousness of the wrong ! had done her in agreeing, to herhusband's wicked scheme, and* I resolved to.endeavour, with. all my skill toJ expiat(j>it;;; I!; \Vas rewarded by partial • success ; ^she certainly improved very much, . although ::hier r^sc)ri;iwas yet clouded, and then;she took a sudden hatred of the 'sound of the sea, .near which \vc were living, and declared the noises of its waves were unendurable to her, because of the terrible suggestions it brought. Doubt less this was. a fancy born of her, condition, but it was one that it would have been dan gerous to thwart, and so I, having saved a little money, resolved to leave Jersey and .como to England, . ' I saw the Wilderness advertised as being to let',* ?M1'thought its quietude and solitary situation.would- suit ray'patient, whom the least noise tended to excite, .so I decamp, its tenant, and brought her to itiunder the care of an old servant, who I lenew would faith fully preserve my secret'-—for ,of course', it •would not have done to-betray the fact, of Mrs. Leclercq's existence until her cure .was. complete. She , went onv improving Syery slowly, and so some tliree'mohths 'ago,..hav ing been in communication with a Dr. Lor mier who has made a special study of' brain' diseases, I took her over to Paris,. and'there She one day "suddenly met'herJnisbandi CsThe" shock ofrBeeing>;him;didiwhat>i£ve.ikad:.been: vainly ' stri-'ing to do, and' a full remem brance of the past ca'me'to her—and now, thank Heaven 1 she is quite restored, and I may deem my expiation, by Heaven's mercy, complete !' f ' . i TO UE* CONTINUED." 