THE UBIQUITOUS ENGLISH NOVEL. AUSTRALIA—PHILIBERTA; an Australian novel, by Thorpe Talbot (nom de plume). ASIA— MR. ISAACS by F. Marion Crawford. AMERICA— A WOMAN'S REASON, by W. D. Howells. AFRICA— STORY OF AN AFRICAN FARM, by Ralph Iron (nom de plume). EUROPE—ALL IN A GARDEN FAIR, by Walter Besant. Although on the Continent of Europe many may say that the French novel is as ubiqui- tous as the English, those who take a wider view of the reading world will deny the assertion. The French novel is no doubt largely read by all men in France, and es- pecially in Paris, and by educated men in other cities of Europe, but the English novel is read by men and women of all classes above the lowest. And while the French novel is almost exclusively concerned with Parisian life, manners, and morals, and rarely deals with provincial life, even in France ; the novel read by English-speaking peoples all over the world, and translated into other languages, not only gives greater varieties of English life, but may deal with life on all the continents of the world in which the English race have settled and made homes, carrying with them their laws, religion, habits, and traditions. The Ameri- can novel is only a variety of the English, describing our kin after centuries of settle- ment. The Australian and the South African represent more recent colonization, and an Anglo-Indian novel, though it has distinctive features, is still penetrated through and through with the spirit of the dominant race. In the list we choose for review two— the first and the fourth— in spite of the masculine names given to the authors, are the work of women, while F. Marion Craw- ford is a man. This perhaps, scarcely carries out the proportion of novels written in English, for the larger half are by lady writers, both ot the literature which appears in book form and of that great mass of serial fiction which never appears again. But, as we have before remarked, the French novelists are almost all men, and this seems to hold with all the Latin races. In Germany, Sweden, Denmark, and Holland there are many lady novelists, and the novel, among these people tends to the domestic, as it does largely in England. In the list before us we find all the con- tinents of the world represented, and we shall proceed, as the children do in our State schools, with Australia, that which lieth nearest, and will work np to the oldest literary field. We cannot expect the highest product from the newest country, and yet "Philiberta' is worth reading. It gained the £100-prize offered by the Leader newspaper for the best novel by an Australian author, and after a considerable period took book- shape, and is now to be bought as a yellow back for 2s. The story began so brightly that the readers of the Australian weekly thought the prize had been well adjudged, but it fell off sadly about the middle. The story of the death of Philiberta's mother and the adoption of the little orphan by the kind-hearted Highlander and his Irish wife is capitally told. The attack by the natives and the tragedy which left Phil a second time an orphan is also good. One is reminded, of Jane Eyre in the incident where Philiberta's intended marriage is broken off by the discovery that Edgar Paget, her lover, has a wife alive. He is not so excusable as Rochester, for though his wife is a hopeless drundard she is neither insane nor repulsive, but a pretty woman with pretty manners when she is kept from intoxicants. After this Phili- berta's adventures are first sensational in the way of shipwreck and rescue, and in her sacrificing all the fortune she inherited from her foster father to relieve Edgar Paget from pecuniary difficulties, and then trying the stage, where she, in spite of her great talents, failed in acting Shakspearian cha- racters. Afterwards her adventures are somewhat tedious, being feebly connected with the experiences of a travelling show, an episode apparently written for another purpose, if not by another hand altogether, and quite impertinent to the story. It is a sort of itinerary of New Zealand, which appears as if it had been written for some newspaper. In this Philiberta Camp- bell, the heiress, now penniless, is disguised as Philip Tempest, a first violinist, and in this disguise she afterwards finds her way to her lover's station and makes acquaintance with his wife and child, crippled for life by a fall from a window in one of the mother's drunken fits, while she acts as a sort of over- seer and companion at Yoanderick for two years. This is glaringly improbable, but the situation is a strong one. Only through her folly or her reticence in not telling Paget that she was alive when death freed him from his wife, he, not forgetting the woman whom he had loved for one brief fortnight, whom he believed drowned three years before, never- theless snatched at another prospect of happi- ness, and offered himself to Madge Fitzroy, an actress, who refused him. This so affected Philiberta that she rushed out into the bush and there died, aa her mother had done so many years before. In this novel there are two chapters, most characteristically Australian. One is on the Shearer's Rest, a vile grog shop, and the other on the lonely shepherd watching for his weekly supply of rations, grog, and tobacco— that is half a key to the senseless carouses which knock down the yearly cheques. The natives are credited with more knowledge of medicine and snake-bite than we fancy they possess. In 'Mr. ls-iacs' — or, to give him his true name, Abdul Hanz-ben-Isik— we have some thing very different from the ordinary Anglo Indian novel, such as ' The Dilemma' 01 the ' ' Chronicles of Dustypoor.' The hero ia not an English civilian or military man, but a Persian Mussulman of singular- beauty, in tellect, and goodness, and the chronicler is an American. The startling problem is embodied of a true believer of the Prophet, already married to three wives, falling in love in Western fashion with a beautiful and high-minded Epcl'Rn &'1, &nd-; without in the least feeling disposed to alter his- creed, determining to provide legally for these three women, and to be the one husband of one- wife whom be means to marry in the English Church according to English law. And, contrary to all our ideas of Anglo-Indian society, not only does Mi friend Mr.' Paul Briggs, wno tells the story, think this feasible, but the girlherself loves him, and little or no objec tion is anticipated from . her .natural guardians, her uncle and her brother. The story of Mr. Isaacs is a most-romantic one, but is not uncommon in the East. A highly born Persian, educated up to twelve years of age in the best literature of his own country, he was kidnapped and sold as a slave in the Turkish market, but was bough by an old scholar, who continued his educa tion and employed him as a scribe. The death of his master threatened another servitude, but he escaped and made a pilgrimage to Mecca. 'Thence he worked his passage to Bombay, and in trying to buy food he inadvertently touched articles he wanted to buy from want of knowing the language to ask. For this he was arrested and fined, as the touch of an infidel defiled all the food on the tray, but the young Magis trate, touched by his case, paid the fine and gave the young Persian one rupee, which was the foundation of his fortunes. He became a diamond merchant and a financier, and he was in thfl prime of life and the plenitude of his power when he first met Katherine Wes tonhangh at the hill station of Simla, and a different idea of woman and of love entered his mind. But this is not the only phase of differing faith to which we are introduced. We have a Brahmanical Yogi and a mar vellous Buddhist, Ram Lall, both prophesying disaster to this love— not from coldness on the part of Miss Westenhaugh or preference for another, . though the handsome yonng Irish man, Lord Steepleton Kildare, is Mr. Isaac's rival A romantic ransom of Shere Ali, com pleted by a still more romantic rescue, a polo match, and two grand tiger matches show the Persian's courage and endurance and determination. As Katherine had expressed a -wish for a pair of tiger's ears, supposed to be a charm against evil spirits and sickness, be kills a great man-eater at the cost of a severe wound, and gives her the ears in a silver box. She, hearing that he had gone the next day to rescue a man he had never seen, sends him by- the chronicler a lock of hair in the same silver box, but he returns to find her dying of malarial fever, to which this mad desire to see tiger-hunts out 'of season had -exposed -her. Now- comes in, the Buddhist - with '-'his idea of' happiness, as distinguished/ from pleasure, and he leads the ' man of ' the world, -this man versed in Courts and camps, in. finance and politics, away to lead that life of contemplation' which to him is the summum bonum in which he can spiritually enjoy com munion with the, spirit of the-woman, lost to him. He gives his worldly possessions to Kathe rine's brother, and a valuable jewel to his triend the journalist, Paul Griggs, and went, aid they saw him no more. ' Thus the story does not solve the problem as to the happi ness of a couple of such different races and antecedents, and it 'takes a 'turn quite oriental in the results of sorrow. We Westerns, and especially those oi modern times, naturally and constitutionally under ralue that life of contemplation which is the outcome of most Oriental religions. The monasteries of Egypt and the monasteries of Thibet were originally quiet retreats for the single recluse, as the derivation of the first word shows, and many saintly souls all over the world have found peace and blessedness in this life. But to us it seems a poor outcome of a noble love, that the death of its object should cut all the links that bind a good and a capable man to his brethren, and that life should be henceforth only a memory and an sxpectation. Still, the book is all the more interesting because it is not altogether what we should like it to be.' The very material life of the Anglo- Indian is sharply contrasted with that of the heathens and misbelievers whom England sends out missions to convert. The only blot on the fair character of Abdul Hafiz is the language which he uses towards his native servants. which appears no better than that of the English. /Both Persians and English consider them an inferior race, and it is bad for the higher to live constantly with the lower. Yet, from that race came the .compelling Ram Lall, who foresaw the misfortune, and bore the sufferer whither he pleased. The next novel on our list is not only by an American, but the -scene is on- American ground, which is not always the case with our best American writers. They are very fond of what is called the international novel ; the American in Paris, in England, or in Italy, or, as in the case of Mr. Marion Crawford, in India and Germany, though in Mr. Isaacs the American is subordinated to the Anglo Indian, the Buddhist, and the Persian. In a ' Woman's Reason' Mr. W. D. Howells tells as of a girl left a penniless orphan, and all the more penniless because of the extreme quixotry of her character, who was con sidered the cleverest, the most accomplished, and the best educated of all her compeers. Under the reverse of circumstances her posi tion is further perplexed by an attachment or half-engagement to a man who goes oat to China. She has refused him, but repents and sends after him. a message that she will wait for his return, and, of course, the novelist's resource to heighten interest and intensify distress and isolation is adopted. The lover is shipwrecked and re ported to be drowned. Poor Helen tries to earn a livelihood by her pencil, brush, and palette, but no one buya but a lover. She tries to write for the Press, but though she was considered so clever at composition her efforts cost the friendly Editor untold pains to lick them into shape. Her voice was good enough for the drawing-room but not for the concert-room. After trying all her resources ahe falls back on a very humble one, millinery; but even here she cannot take ' any position, not even, as one might expect, as an improver in a first class house of business. She canonly make bonnets for cooks and what are in America called second girls — parlour housemaids. Where an English family would keep four servants, 'perhaps five, an American keeps two, and the second girl marks there some thing, of an establishment. It is under the auspices of an old servant whose bonnets Miss Helen used to make that she is intro duced to her first really bread-earning call ing. She has to give in partly to the loud taste of her customers, andpartly modifies it. We have the inevitable English lord, who proposes to the American girl, and who is refused. He appears to us to be better than the lover, living or dead, but that is a matter of taste with the American novelist. So far as we can gather from such English novels a3 'Altiora Peto' the American millionaire heiress attracts suitors from the nobility, but not a penniless girl living by making third class millinery. : The moral of the tale, if it has any, is that the sort of education which American, and probably also English, and Australian girls, receive is not one that equips them for the battle of life in case of a sudden reverse of fortune— that in these days, although there are many walks of life open to women, they require some technical instruction, and that the trained competitor will always distance the amateur, though the latter may have the greater natural endowments. The same lesson was enforced in 'Daniel Deronda' when Guendolen Harleth's desire to be a professional singer and actress was pooh poohed by Herr Klesmer. She looked pretty when she sang, but she did not sing well enough. She moved gracefully when she acted, bat she had no technical knowledge or sound principles of dramatic art. But we think that both George Eliot and Mr. Howells carry their theory too far. Who of us does not know women, who, when the necessity for action came, showed them selves even more capable than their friends had believed them to be ? If not in one way they developed in another. We think Gwendolen, with far less teaching than Herr Klesmer spoke of, would have made an ex cellent actress if she lost her selfconscious ness, and Helen Harkness is made to talk so well and to think so clearly that we do not fancy her writing could have been so faulty. The success of Mrs. Langtry is an example that the public taste is not over- critical where there is beauty and grace and an interesting previous history in favour of the actress. And though Guendolen wished to excel and satisfy the critic,' she wished even more to make money. As for poor Helen, the necessity of earning a livelihood was the prime motive with her. Philiberta, too, failed in Juliet. She might have succeeded on a second trial, but her Manager did not believe in Shaks peare for the colonies. Philiberta, however, could make a living on the stage, or with her voice and her violin with a Variety Company. Not a very nice kind of life, but in some re spects better than as a boundary- rider in man's attire. Mr. Howells again fails with his hero. He has given us some charming and interesting girls, but his young men are either priggish, or conventional, or stupid. In the ' Story of an African Farm' we have quite new ground for fiction taken up by a new hand— a 'prentice hand as to construction, but a master hand as to power and passion. Out of the depths of a hard spiritual experience has come this strange cry from the wilderness. How calmly our forefathers took the dogmas of Calvinism! How they rejoiced to have escaped from the yoke of Rome, and yet bound on their shoulders one which their descen dants of modern time find still more galling. Read the struggles of the sincere and Kindly soul of John Bunyan in 'Grace Abounding to the Chief of Sinners,' and we shall see that it was only his own personal salvation that was in question. Was he to be saved or damned? There was no question as to the righteousness of the fiat in his mind. Himself saved, he acquiesced in the justice of the general condemnation. How different the picture of the boy Waldo listening at night to the ticking of his good father's watch, when he has heard that at each tick a human creature died and went— whither? He had been told by all those whom he felt bound to believe that few would be saved and many would be lost ; and he tried to arrest the doom by his prayers. ' Only for each moment I am praying here save one ! Oh, my God, save them ! Save them while I pray !' No single picture in modern fiction is finer than that in which the boy makes his sacrifice of his poor mutton chop, all he had — his dinner meat — on a rude altar of twelve stones, offered with prayers and tears ! It was not accepted ; no fire came down from heaven to consume it, and he felt like an outcast, a very Cain. As heart answers to heart, so do the experiences of that ignorant, solitary boy represent struggles of which children do not speak. Waldo's father belonged to another generation, and accepted the hard creed with a boundless faith that it was right, and that he must trust that it was merciful. But the Boer settlers, among which this story takes places — the Tantes and Ooms (aunts and uncles) as they are called — and especially the woman Tant Sannie, who was the mistress of Otto and his son Waldo, showed a mixture of ignorance, superstition, greed, and cruelty. She wrapped herself up in her orthodoxy, and was a hard mistress to the heathen Kaffirs as well as to her German servants. The step-daughter, Em, was amiable, obedient, and commonplace ; but her beautiful cousin Lyndall was the incar nation of revolt against injustice and conven tionalism. Here is an introduction to the two— Lyndall was fastening an ice plant to the front of her blue pinafore with a pin — ' When I am grown up I shall wear real diamonds like these in my hair.' ' Where will you find them ?' said Em. 'You think I am going to stay here always ? ' Ah, no ! I suppose some day we shall go somewhere ; but now we are only twelve, and we cannot marry till we are seventeen. And we might not have diamonds if we did marry.' \- ' And you think that i am going~to stay r here till then?'- " Well; where are you going,- Lyndall ?' The girl crushed an ice-plant leaf between her fingers. 'Tant Sannie is a miserable old woman. Your father married her when he ' was dying because he -thought- she -woald- take- better care of the farm and of us' than an English woman. He said we should be taught and sent to school. Now she saves every farthing for herself, buys us not even one -old- book. She does not ill-use us. Why? Because she is afraid of your father's ghost. -Only this morning she told her Hottentot that she would have beaten you for breaking the plate, but that three nights ago she heard a rustling and a grunting behind the pantry door, and knew it was your father coming to ' spook' her. She is a miserable old woman, but intend to go to school.' " And if she won't let you?' ' I shall make her.' 'How?' The child took 'not the slightest notice of the last question, but folded her small arms across her knees. ' But why do you want to go, Lyndall ?" ' There is nothing helps in this world,' said the child slowly, ' but to be very wise and to know everything — to be clever. 'But I should not like to go to school,' persisted the small freckled face. " And you do not need to. When yon are seventeen, this Boer woman will go ; you will have this farm and everything that is upon it for your own ; but I will have nothing, I must learn.' ' Oh, Lyndall, I will give you some of my sheep,' said Em with a sudden burst of pity and generosity. 'I do not want your sheep,' said the girl slowly ; ' I want things of my own. When I am grown up there will be nothing I do not know. I shall be rich, very rich, and I shall wear not only for best, but every day, a pure white silk and : litle rosebuds, and my petticoats shall be embroidered not only at the bottom, but all throueh ' We fancy that there must have been some one whom the writer gibbets as Bonoparte Blenkins, the evil genius of the first part of the book, who pays court to the fat widow, and gets her to dismiss her faithful German overseer, the Uncle Otto whose bare room was the only home the girls ever had, and whose love for them was as great as for his own boy. This wretched adventurer played on the vanity and ignorance of the Boer woman, and his expulsion when detected making love to her neice is not early enough to save Otto from death or poor Waldo from savage punishment. The second part of the book opens when Em draws near seventeen, and attracts to her an English lover, Gregory Rose ; but her beautiful cousin returns from school, and Gregory has no longer eyes or ears for his commonplace betrothed. Amid the matterof fact courtship of Tant Sannie for a third espousal, and the absurd details of a Boer courtship, which comprises necessarily one upsitting, sitting up together for a whole night, and of a Boer wedding, the threads of the tragedy are woven. Be tween the two divisions of the story is a prose-poem called 'Timea and Seasons,' containing the history of Waldo's soul from childhood to manhood. A stranger comes to him and interprets the story of the carving he bad made on a post for bis father's grave, and envies him the peaceful uninterrupted life which he leads among the karroo bushes and the red sand, when the old faith was shattered and he had not planted his foot on the new. This stranger — how Waldo loved him ! —was the first soul that had expe riences like his own with whom he had come in contact, who understood his thought and developed it beyond his struggling capacity to express it. Yet Waldo was better than the stranger, of whom he only once afterwards had a glimpse in Grahamstown. While Waldo is an example of a soul that strives to find itself in accord with nature, and is full of the tenderest compassion and a sense of justice that is only hard on himself, Lyndall's soul is all revolt and rebellion. She is not generous like Waldo, not humble and amiable like her cousin Em. She is im perious, and with regard to Gregory she makes a most astoundingly selfish proposi tion, but she is intensely interesting. Nothing on the woman's rights question has ever been put more strongly than she puts it in her talk with Waldo when they meet after many years of severance. ' When we ask to be doctors, lawyers, law makers, anything but ill-paid drudges, they say no ; but you have men's chivalrous atten tion. Now think of that apd be satisfied. What would you do without it ? Well, I was coming up in Cobb & Co.'s the other day. At a little wayside hotel we had to change the large coach for a small one. We were ten passengers — eight men and two women. As I sat in the house the gentlemen came and whispered to me, 'There is not room for all on the new coach ; take your seat quickly.' We hurried out, and they gave me the best seat, and covered me witn rugs, because it was drizzling. Then the last passenger came running up to the coach — an old woman with a wonderful bonnet, and a black shawl pinned with a yellow pin. ' There is no room,' they said, 'you must wait till next week's coach takes you up ;' but she climbed on to the step, ana held on at the window with both hands. ' My son-in-law is ill, and I must go and see him,' she said, ' My good woman,' said one, ' I am really exceedingly sorry that your son-in-law is ill, but there is absolutely no room, for you here.' ' You had better get down,' said another, ' or the wheel will catch you.' I got up to give her my place. ' Oh no, no, no,' they cried ; 'we will not allow that.' 'I will rather kneel,' said one, and' he crouched down at my feet; so the woman came in There were nine of us in that coach, 'and only one showed chivalrous attention, and that was a woman to a woman. I shall be old and ugly some day, and I shall look for men's chivalrous help, and shall not have it. ... ' But some women,' said Waldo, ' have power.' She lifted her beautiful eyes to his face. ' Power ! Did you ever hear of men being asked whether other souls should have power or not ? It is born in them. You may dam up the fountain of water and make it a stagnant marsh, or you may let it run free and do its work, but you cannot say whether it shall be there ; it is there. And it will act, if not openly for good, then covertly for evil, but it will act. If Goethe had been stolen away a child, and reared in a robber horde in the depths of a German forest, do you think the world would have had 'Faust' and 'Iphigenie'? But he would have been Goethe still ; stronger, wiser, than his fellows. His songs would have echoed on from father to son, and nerved the heart and arm — for evil. Do you think if Napoleon had been born a woman that he would have been contented to give small tea parties and talk small scandal ? He would have risen, but the world would not have heard of him as it hears of him now, as a man great and kingly, with all his sins ; he would have left one of those names that stain the leaf of history— the names of women who, having power, but being denied the right to exercise it openly, rule in the dark covertly and by stealth, through the men -whose -passions they feed on, and by whom they climb.' One of the most powerful as well as affect ing passages in this book is where Gregory follows as if by irresistible fate the woman whom he loves, and finds her dying in a Transvaal village inn, where her two-hours' old baby is buried, having parted from the stranger whom she loved with one-half of her nature, but whom she would not marry. That he might tend and serve her, Gregory dis guises himself in woman's clothes and offers his services as a nurse, and never reveals himself even at the death of Lyndall. The situation is scarcely led up to. Gregory appears a very commonplace mortal till he is possessed with this overmastering love ; but while the disguise of Philiberta as a man (in the Australian novel we noticed last week) jars upon us all through, this disguise strikes us as admirably conceived and handled. When he returns to obey Lyndall's wish that he should marry her cousin, there are different thoughts in the hearts of bride and bridegroom than on their first betrothal, but both, one should think, were better for their sorrow. Waldo's death, after his short bitter experience of life, follows close on hi3 hearing of Lyndall's death. The true hero and heroine of the book are gone, and their places know them no more, but that such eager earnest souls should die without accomplish ing anything that they aimed at and were prepared for is a stronger presage of immortality than any proof that they vainly sought for. To come to the oldest hunting ground of fiction after this strange strong story is difficult We cast about for a representative novel, and first tried and wrote on ' Altiora Peto by Laurence Oliphant, bat the perusal of Mr. Besant's 'All in a Garden Fair' struck us as being at once more romantic and more truthful, and infinitely more matterful, to use Charles Lamb's words, than the light satirical novel, which partakes more of the nature of a comedy than of a serious novel. . .. Mr, Besant's story tells us of three boys and a girl influenced not only by Rimilar local sur roundings, but by the girl e father, a French refugee, formerly a revolutionary poet and leader, now a teacher of the French language - in a ladies' school. He Bought to give the bojs a better chance in life, and on two it was not thrown away, though the' one whom he hoped most from became a UU£rqtewrt_ and-uotaleader of men yandthe'otherr'who'' was more commonplacvt«rt who had a heart Into ; his 'life- 'of- action.' The third- -was no^ where in the love competition, but made a slort, brilliant career as -alipeculator,' and returnedto the native village, like other.' people, after a grand smash, a big failure, which there-appeared^ to-bring distinction. JMr. BesantB novel3 are aft written for a purpose, of. some. kind,-ajld' this carries. on . the -same ideas which were so prominent in 'All Sorts and Conditions of Men.' The Frenchman' not. only, introduced. . his , two yonng friendsto'tfie world of books, but to bhe People, with : a capital P — the two millionsof -people who live in East Tjondony joylees, toiling, without religion, without irt. without beauty, without amusement. ...At one time the French philosopher ioubted^ whether he had done right in putting. 'into, the heads of these_yonngjnen_ knowledge of all kinds which might only make them discontented. He waa wrong to ioubt. . Discontent hurts no man unless it is zeeompanied by laziness, when it is the Devil. As far knowledge, there is no position which is not -rendered happier for its possession. [ once knew a man whosa business^ it wza to tramp from office to office, selling pens and books; in the evenings he read, and taught himself all kinds of thing_s. His life ivaa hallowed by his evenings. - i have known - 1 waiter who read the Saturday Review regu larly, and was a happy waiter ; and I have tnown a policeman who found food for thought when on his beat by recollections of Herbert Spencer. He was a contented policeman.' The difficulties of young authors, and especially of young poets, have been written about before, but the experiences of Allen Engledew are in some respects new. If he bad Eore straits, and had. to edit an organ devoted to the leather interest for 35s. a week, he was fortunate in attracting some ?ood friends. This may be called theroman tic side of the book, but it is very naturally brought about. How natural, too, ia the disappointment of the old Frenchman when his promising pupil looked on life as an artist, and on humanity as material from which to build poetry and fiction to move many hearts to higher things, but not to lead himself — ' I am proud,' Baid Hector Philipon with i gulp, ' you are satisfied with your art ?' ''I am more than satisfied/' he replied. Hector sat down; he had then failed. Is it that the artist thinks of nothing but his work ? When Raphael painted a beauti ful women he did not fall in love with her. When Dante wrote the 'Inferno' did he irop no tearx for the unhappy, or did he only think of rhyme and phrase ? It is a magni cent world— for the artist. 'Allen, you have a splendid chance before you, for you know the proletaire. He is at your feet. You have heard his cries; you know hL voice, you know bis pains. Take your sketchbook with you. Behold 1 There is a boy in rags— a pretty boy, with rags and dirt, and uncombed hair, and hungry eyes. You paint him. Ah, what genius ! What a portrait ! Let us go on, we are artists, all the Levites followed that profession. Let us go on. Is that not the girl you have already drawn— that woman of the people whose story is touching all hearts 2 You have forgotten her already. Yet yon painted her only a week ago ; her eyes are as full of tears and her heart is as heavy as then. The poor girl ! Here they come all of them. The thin man, who asks questions; he is a dangerous man— the brnte man who drinks ram and kicks his wife — you can easily draw him ; en fin, the whole procession of those who toiL Make your sketches, listen to their talk. Let your work be faithful. Oh it is great, it is noble ! Art is the only thing worth following.' 'My master,' said Allen, overwhelmed. Claire Philipon breathed freely. Allen had not teen the delicate satire of the words. Afterwards he might remember, but now he was too fall of his story and its success. ' Allen,' Hector added, ' I have made a mistake. I dreamed that you might have be come a Luther. Happy boy ! You have be come instead — a Lamartine.' Space warns us that we must not quote further, but refer our readers to the books themselves. We think we have shown a very wide range of English fiction. The historian of the future will, like the historian of the past, take the contemporary novel as an ex ponent of social life, showing the relations between rich and poor, and between men and women, as well as photographing the popular ideas and current talk of the time. In the case of some of the greater writers they may do more than this— they may contain a prophecy of what is yet to be. 