Iloolcliiin's W a h e . " fs it health ye're askin' for! If O'ive any left afther toastin' it away all night at Hoolehan'e wake 0'im luckv. , , , " The widdy tuk Hoolehan's death, very much at'heart an' kept bellowiu' aiv'screeclnV louder than Mickarfy's prize pig at Baileyvarney fair, from niornin' till night. We determined to quiet her some way, an' Mike M'Ginniss goes up to her and s Behe, 'Don't mind, Winny—excuse me, I mane Mrs Hoolehan—but don't fret aftber Dinnis any more, for whin the twelve months is over O'ill marry yi= meseilf.' Oh, the purty craythur, but how she changed all av a suddint! She had a loife-soize pi'cher av Hoolehan down to the showlder, weepin' over it, but risin' and droppin' it from her lay onto the sofy, she wiped her eyes wid the corner av her apron, and sez she, 'Will ye have hot wather in yure whisky, Slisther M'Ginniss, or take it in its nachural state 1' " Jlisther 31'Ginnis.' preferred havin' the hot wather, tn' while Sirs Hoolehan was in the kitchen gettin' it we med arrangenu'ntt to keep her in •rood humor, for .hercarryinson before tuk all the loife and spirit out av us. "The dure was cleared, av.' by :':<! time shen kera back we wcr- r-««jr for a brake^lown, but Winny clapped the punch on the table and threw up her hands in holy horror. " Meelys murther 1 sez she; ' is this the way ye rivcrince the miniory me poor dead husband ?' "Ocli! we all thought she was goin' to bawl oat agin, whin Mike M'Ginniss whispered a few words in her ear and pinched her on the arrum,an'afther takin' her into the dinin'-room an' givin' her blarney she kem out willin' an' smilin'. So w-e sint little Jimmy Roach off for the fiddle. He's always up to some plaguey thrick. It tuk him so long that we all wint to supper. Hft didn't go away, but watched us outside the windy, an' whin we wint to supper he stole in an' got under the same shate with the corpse. We thought it was one av Jimmy's ould thricks to fool out av our dance, an' we determined not to let him hare the best av us. so M'Ginnis an' meself got upon the flure an' comminced dancin' away while all the Hi in prisint kept whistlin* The wind that shakes the barley," whin, behold you! the shate begun risin' an' kipt risin' hiuhr-r an' higher till Dinny, as we thou.'hr, sat liolt upright under it, an' in a voice lxactly like hi? own, said as nind as could be, ' How dare yiz insult my miniory 1 How dare yiz 1' " What did we do? Well, O'ive a faint uiimbrance av M'Ginniss's hair standin' on ind, his eyes startin' from their sockets and his mouth big enough to jump down into, but beyant that an'Mrs Hoolehan lioilerin' out, *lndide, Dinnis M'Ginniss won't- have nie, an' 1 won't marly one but von,' we all stood like statues, an' not wan av us hnd the courage to move till the wind blew open the dure an' put out the li;lit. "Tinn was scrambliu' an' shuffiin'. Jimmy, av coorse, jumped down and grabbed fust wan an' ihiu another, an' 'being' a very strong bye, his pinches were, no smill mttter. "Now, O'im a very gallant man to the ledies, iin' always willin to.sacrifice meself for their purty sakes whin auy nachural danger presints itself, bnt when it comes to supernachural Oi till ye what, me bye, I look out for my own skin. "What was the ind av it? Well, the end for me was this: Whin the light was put out, an' Oi like all the rest, thought Dinnie was at me heels, I put for home wid a spade which ud shame'the aigles.of the air. Me fate hardly seemed to touch the ground, as I wint over cobblestones atf ditches more loike a bird than a man. Two policemen, gev chase to me, sa' foircd shots at ine, but they couldn't catch me. Me sowl was bint on rnnnin', an', to tell the troth, Oi don't belave I could av-stopped if Oi'd tried. ,Oi ought to miutioK here that Oi had on white corduroy breeches, an' as Oi took aff me coat before beginnin' to dance wid M'Ginniss, Oi presinted quite a quare spectacle. To give ye an instance av the flight wid which Oi flew, let me tell ye that that the San Jose freight train, was comin' in, an' me path for two blocks lay alongside av the track, but Oi kept pact with the ingine all along, an' from the pale scared face av the engineer, I think he must have tuk me for a ghost medlf." ' ' 