ESSENCES OF EPHEMERIDES. A pearl valued at £1000 has been -disco vered by McKay Brothers of Perth, Western Australia, at the N.W. Fishery. oThe Westorn Australian revenue returns for last quarter were most satisfactory. : For the week ending 30th January (ac cording to the Herald) 32. out of 44 rabbits inspectors . have' reported. They made 117 inspections, travelled over a dis tance of 3042 miles, and found over 821,564 acres infested. They report that on 17 runs the rabbits are increasing, on 18 tlioy are stationary, and on 41 decreasing. The num ber of men employed rabbiting was 203, and the number required 263. The number of rabbits reported as killed is 4336, but thou sands are supposed to have been killed in the burrows by sulphide of carbon, of , which f course there can bo no return. A farm-woman in New Jersey has hair, eight feet long, and it all grew where she wears it, too. Commenting on her wonderful hirsute stock-in-trade, the Boston Post says, that, ' when one of thoso hairs get coiled up in the butter, and a fellow gets hold of one end of it, and goes to pull it out of his mouth the wild look in his eyes before he finishes the job is a caution.' The Hon. Ivo Bligh, who was the captain of the English cricketing team that visited Australia last season, returned to Australia and was last Saturday married to Miss Florence Rose Morphy, daughter of the late police magistrate at Beechworth. ' Mr. Yernon also erstwhile of the cricketing team was best man, and Sir William Clarke gave Miss Morphy away. At the recent Luther centenary the vener able German Emperor was regularly deluged with telegrams from the many different cele brations throughout England and other countries. These telegrams conveyed expres sions of sympathy with the German Luther celebrations, of which the Emperor was the head, and conveyed wishes for the blessing of the Almighty on the aged Emperor. The following players have been picked to represent Australia in the combined match to be played against the Australian Eleven who are going home : — Evans, Garrett, A. Gregory, Hiddlestone, Horan, Jones, Lewis, Massie, Marr, Moses and Spofforth. The team is a very strong one all round, and is, at least quite a match for their opponents. Lewis, the Melbourne colt, is put in princi pally for his wicketkeeping. At the Calcutta Exhibition Victoria won six gold medals, N. S. Wales, one ; South Aus tralia, three ; and Tasmania, four. For about sixty appointments as receivers in bankruptcy in England there have been above 250,000 applicants. In the early part of laBl week a find of 700oz. of gold was obtained in Hanlon Bros, claim, in Upper Bingera. Besides this, on Friday and Saturday, over 2000oz. of gold were taken out of the claim, and as the gold is showing freely a further large quantity is expected. There is much excitement. On the 21st December an inquest was held at the London Coroners' Court, on the body of a married woman named Ann Dunn, aged 39\. The decoased weighed nearly 20 stone, was nearly nine feet high, and measured over three feet across the shoulders. It was found impossible to remove the body to the mortuary, and the customary ceremony of viewing the remains had, under the circum stances, to be dispensed with. The woman was subject to fits and died from the effects of one. The Lutheran Church of North America, according to the Year-Book juBt issued, com prises fifty-four synods, 3,500 ministers, more than 6,150 congregations, and about 800,000 communicants. In 1828 the export of wool from New South Wales was 834,343 lbs. In 1882, tho latest return, it was 146, 221jI82 lbs, worth £7,433,091 sterling. Mr. F. B. Suttor, M.L.A., having resigned his seat' and appealed to his constituents at Bathurst, has been returned to Parliament by them unopposed, and with much' enthusiasm. The Home News observes — " The curious solar phenomena already mentioned as occur ring at Ceylon about the time of the earth quake in Java seem to have been observed pretty well all over the world. A green sun on the coast of Africa, a blue in the West Indies, in South America a silver sun, white as the moon— these are the strange sights reported now that more general accounts have been received. England and more northern regions have also their story to tell. Gorgeous sunrises and sunsets, with the sky aflame long before and after the ordinary hours, have been the rule for some weeks past." It is stated that Professor Holloway died worth between two and three millions ster ling. He latterly had spent £45,000 a-year in advertising. During the publication of " Dombey and Son," in serial numbers, Pro fessor Holloway wrote to Dickens, asking that some mention of his pills should appear in one of the future chapters of tho story, and in consideration of such notice enclosed a cheque for 1000 guineas. The author re turned the cheque. It is stated that Professor Holloway has endowed a college for the higher education of women with £300,000. 14,000 tons is the season's yield of sugar at Mackay, being 4000 tons, valued at £80,000 less than the estimate. At the Wilmot Extended mine, Gympie, a specimen of stone, containing 250oz. of gold has been obtained. The coopers of Sydney have struck for a higher rate of wages, desiring to get as much for eight hours labour as formerly for ten. The review of the summer attendance at the' McAll Protestant Mission meetings in Paris shows that, far from losing, they are decidedly gaining in popularity and useful ness. Some of the weekly meetings now average an attendance of 300. Canon \Rbgnier of the Church of the Pantheon in Rome has gone to prison for six months for having levied blackmail upon some of his female parishioners in high society. A lady, whom, by his influence as her confessor, : he used as a tool, revealed the scoundrel. A policeman is known to be; on a certain beat, but a suspicious character disapproves of the constable's vigilance. A breach of the peace is threatened, . unless the officer of the law is removed. This is, says tho Rock, pretty much like the suppression of the Orange loyalist in Ulster. ' What strange names some clergymen give to religious institutions. Tho Bishop of Lich field calls a clerical society by the name of .." the Pastoral Order of the Holy Ghost." The Bishop of Truro calls a new, sisterhood in his diocese " The Community: oftho Epiphany." The Council General ' of the Seine have ordered the removal of the large portraits of . tho Emperior Napoleon the First and of tho Empress from the Court of the Tribunal of Commerce. The same are to be relegated to tho Municipal Killarsin, the Boulevard Mor- land, in which are stored the once famous portraits and Statues of Louis XV., Charle3 X., Louis Philippe, Napoleon III., and other Royal personages, which from political rea sons have at various periods been put out of sight. Corn Cake. — One cup sugar, two eggs, four tnblespoonfuls of sweet cream, two cups sweet milk, two teaspoonfuls- saleratus, four teaspoonfuls cream tartar, two cups corn-meal and one of flour. Lei it set in the warming closet of your stove five minutes, then bake ten minutes in a hot oven. Butter Toffit. — One half-pint molasses, one-half pint water, one pound loaf sugar, one-cjuarter pound butter. . Let boil without , stirring until, by dropping a little in water, you find it is done. An observing genius says there are some curious things about corn, and one is, where do tho red ears and the speckled ears come from when you don't plant any but white corn ? an'd another is, why don't we find an ear with an odd number on it ? You can find a four leaved clover, but I bave ne%rer found the odd row on an ear of corn yet. It is always fourteen or sixteen or twenty, or some other even number j and it would be interest ing to understand what corn knows about mathematics and what objection nature has to odd numbers. Here is a curious instance of mispun- ctuation : "Lord Palmerston then entered on. his head, a whito hat upon his feet, largo but well-polished boots upon his brow, a dark cloud in his hand, his faithful walking-stick in his eye, a menacing glare saying nothing." The dangers of wooden and asphalte pave ments for horses are greatly felt in Berlin, where a monster petition, signed by cab pro prietors and drivers, has been presented to the City Council, asking that no more streets may be laid with these materials, and that gravel may be daily thrown on thoso thoroughfares where wood and asphalte are now used. The petitioners allege that the accidents caused by .... horses slipping on these materials are from 50 to 75 times more numerous than on the old stone pavements. Tho Presbytery of Sacramento has requested its ministers not to perform the marriage cere mony between divorced persons, except when tho separation was for tho cause specified in the Scriptures; and then only for, the inno cent party. : ; . The 32nd Intercolonial Cricket Match, between Victoria and N. S. Wales, has unex pectedly resulted in the overwhelming defeat of Victoria in whose ranks wore six players selected for the Australian Eleven. . The Vic torian team was weakened by the absence of Midwinter who had to return on account of the illness of his wife, and they had the fur ther misfortune of losing the toss, which was a great consideration as the match was played, on the same wicket right through. N.S.W. led off with 169, H. Moses batting ; grandly for 43, Murdoch got 25, Marr 29, and. Evans 28 (run out); Victoria, then collapsed: for 102, Bonnor, making. head score iWith 29. In the second jnnings N.S.W. got , 289— Banner- man, 91 ; Moses, 85 Evans, 23 (l.b.w.); Massie, 21. Victoria then went ; in;; and oue i on 154 runs— Horan, 29 ; Palmer, 20; M'Donhell, 20. .Evans bowled. .splendidly ;...- though with hard luck, but lie; won; the £20 bowling trophy, taking ton wickets for 91 runs. Garrett also bowled well, taking . 7 wickets for 69 runs. Palmer's, performance of eleven .wickets for , 140 runs is very good. . . Spofforth was on the ground, but'did not play. Moses carried off the £20 trophy for highest aggregate score, and Bannermani for highest \ single, score...'. N.S.W. won all. the trophies. The lash is. being freely applied, to criminals, convicted of indecent assault. The Hon. Alexander Gordon,, Q.C., M.L.C., has been appointed, a member, of the board for the protection of Aborigines in the place . of the Hon. George Thornton, M.L.O., who : has resigned. There is a movement in Riverina for a separation from N.S. Walesand elevation into a separate colony, but it does, not appear to be the general feeling' of the, people of that. . , district that such a separation would be de sirable in any way. For Monday night last the Hon. G. H. Reid engaged the Protestant Hall to meet the electors in. The hall was full on the occasion. but Mr. Reid did not shew up- — "funked." 