Original $torg. o All Bights Reserved, VIOLET MAYLAND. Chapter XT IT GotUinued. Bv Frank Lynn. " See Mrs. Bay then, her husband is -sullen, and ill tempered, especially to strangers." " I shall contrive tosee both, Also this mysterious personage if possible. Can you - get me the notes you speak "about P" "Ithink so." " Then do, but remember not to say anything toanyboby. Bye the bye, who was this fellow that Mrs. Baynes used to flirt with?" Kay looked surprised, and wondered how £he detective could have heard that. " There were two," he answered, " Sir -ltobert Mayland, and a Mr. Kingslee." " Cousin toLady Knight P" asked the detective, in his quick way. "Yes." " Then I know him. Sir Egbert, you say P was he successful P" " I cannot say, but .1 fancy Mrs. Baynes preferred Kingslee." " Yes. Now I will go on to the village, and you can get the notes for me if you will/' With quick steps the d tective hurried away towardsthe village, and Kay returned tothe hall. Plunged iu deep thought, he walked rapidly until he reached the door. The old butler was standing on -the steps. " Oh! Sir," he cried, *' they are saying such dreadful things, that Miss Violet -murdered Mrs. Kaynes." „ . " Who says so ?" sternly-demanded Kay. " Some of the men from the village, they say that a ^ipsy woman' saw Mibb f Violet shoot her.' • " Then < that woman ought to be hanged," was .the angry rejoinder. n " So I say. Sir," replied the old man, simply, "she is only doing it to spite Miss Violet for some fancied wrong, I s know, though why she did it no one can tell. r Miss 1 Violet is always tookind to the gipsies, and this is their gratitude," a he passed, as if expocting Kay to consider with him about the affair, but Kay was too perplexed todo more than think. " Where is Miss Violet?" he asked, after a few seconds silence. ; ; " In her rooms, Sir, and Captain Temple is there as well." " Thanks," and Kay strode down the hall towardsViolet's rooms. -* Tempi® o will make no difference, lie isabne of us.", "However whep be entered the : room, be found that yioletwas alone.and seated at a desk Writing.- , „ i - « • " I thought Temple was, here?" ".No," answeredVjok-tlooking up from her paper.," Bob sent for, him sometim.e ago. Have you discovered anytiling?" "Yes, your rcvolver loddcn in tho moss at the foot of the tree; frota behind which the shot must have been fired,also . that a gipsy woman pretends to have seen you firethe shot." " Tliat must have been the one that was stolen, as I have the other quite -safely here. Oh heavens!" she exclaimed, as she passionately threw back the r t heavy masses of hair from her brow. " How everything is going against me. - d, Facts, if they can be called facts being e untrue, coming forth, and twisting them-, selves around ine like the coilB of a giant snake, striving to kill me in their fierce embrace. I shall believe in my own s guilt soon, and go mad," she added bitterly. f *' Do not lose heart, Violet, everything may be cleared at the inquest." e " I do not think so," was the weary answer. » " If it does not, then you must leave y Maylands at once, and secretly." er " Fly," echoed Violet, raising her. . head proudly, " never, I am innocent . " Certainly, but sill the same, tlie circumstantial evidence may be strong enough4o condemn you." ' e " Perhapq^stiH all the same I shall not 1 fly, if I wdHfcuilty I might, bat it would . only be n confession of guilt, to flyfrom my trial if it comes to that. How my head aches," and she bowed her head on ea her hands. **P<<or child, and I am only making it worse by talking toyon." 1 s '"Ho, it is worse to think over anything, than totalk about it," . - * -" You will consent toleaving Maylands, e if the worst comes to the worstiV Besides that gipsy may give false evidence.". „ , " Most likely, she wilL Bujt it seems so disgraceful to fly." e Kay wisely did not press his request, but turned the conservation by asking. •• Can I have the notes that you received from the ghost of the West Wing?" m " Yes, they are in that desk," indicat- , s ing^ , small one on the table beside her. "If you open it, you will see them on the top." Kay did as directed. " Here is one hot opened/' he said as , he took them out of the desk. "So it- is. I wonder what it isP" y Violet tookit from him and tore it open. , " My dear Violet," she read, " I am called away for a few days, so your visit to the haunted rooms, ana my story, must stand over until I return. Take care of r yourself." " Not much in that," said Kay, " may I have these." ' " Certainly, yon said that the detective wished tosee them. Bye the bye .what s is his name P" ' " very decent :iM>r¥ of " Fairs, and fellow." " Fairs, I remember him, he was at Knightsbridge about a year ago, toinvestigate into that plate robbery there/' ' al " That iB how heknowBeverylwdythen.r "I suppose so, but when he returns $ nieed not-see him, you can tell eicr^wg. quite as well as lean. T am too ttred t> see anybody, to-day." l •" I will see if 1 can then, bat now you. s must rest." As be spoke he left the room, but it Was impossible forViolet to w rest, her head ached, and try as she would thoughts persisted in : flyiiig : imbiddeix through her weary brauk 