GEOSTS 1 Mr. Ingnun h«« oompiled a tart of Ghosts' ( Gazetteer f«»r England, giving a list of all the . booses that are snpposed, on anything like , evidence, to he now haonted or to have been haunted at any time, and adding some stories of supernatural appearances that are rather connected with English families than with localities. It is on the whole we think an advantage that Mr. Ingram j has not himself the smallest belief in super- j natural appearances. What he gives us must be taken, accordingly, as the residnnm, which ' defies adequate explanation, of a greet many ' fanciful and incredible tales. Of course to j say that certain tales cannot be complotely | explained is not equivalent to saying that j they are true, bnt simply that we want I the materials for deriding whether they J have been the product of an excited imagination or of imposture. There is this j against almost ail ghost stories of bygone time, that they come to us from a generation which saw nothing improbable in ghostly ap- ! pearances, took no particular pains to sift facts, and rarely committed the particulars to record until they were almost forgotten. Mr. Ingram's narratives are a little too judicial and straightforward to be sensational, and his book therefore must bo regarded j as a contribution to the philosophy of ghosts rather than to the romance of ghost literature. Judging it from this point of view, it is perhaps unfortunate that the alphabetical order has been adopted. Ghost stories fall under seven or eight different heads, and the evidence for the trnth of those classes of stories which ' are 'explicable on natural grounds will he found enormously stronger than for those the reason of which cannot be conjectured, though these are abundantly numerous.' ' By far the best authenticated class is oi appearances at the moment of death. The well known story of Mr. V/ynyard may serve as a typical instance. Lieutenant George Wynyard and Captain Shorbroke were sitting together in barracks in Cape Breton in a room that opened into one from which there was no egress, when they saw a tall young man, thin and pale, pass by them into an inner room. Wynyard, as soon as he could recover breath, exclaimed, " Good God, my brother !" He and his companion at once rushed into the inner room, and were joined there by another officer, Lieutenant Gore, bnt could find no one. In due time the news came from England that Wynyard'a favorite brother had died on the day and at the very- hoar on which his friends had seen his spirit appear. There is a carious sequel to this story. By the version we have heard, Shcr- broke and Wynyard were walking iu London one day, when Sherbroke exclaimed, point ing to a gentleman not far off, that that was the man whom they had seen at Cape Breton. "It is curious you should say so," wa3 tho rejoinder, " for that gentleman was constantly mistaken for my brother during his life time." In this story, it will be observed, the same ghostly ap pearance is seen by two witnesses, men of honor, whose uames arc known, and comes on the spoken information of Sir John Sherbroke and the written evidence of Lieutenant Gore. Except for Sherbroko's part in tho matter, the whole might easily be accounted for on sub jective grounds. We all know how the same thought will often occur, at the same moment, to two people of sympathetic minds, though tbey cannot themselves explain how it has been led up to. Thereisnorcason to suppose that this sort of electric sympathy is absolutely barred by distance ; and given the case of a dying man, passionately anxious to communicate for the last time with his favorite brother, and that brother with a mind already attuned to con tagious Bensibility by anxiety for an invalid, and we need little more to explain the ap parition to Wynyard alone. That Sherbroke should have seen it is the real difficulty iu the matter, which is not, however, insuperable if we suppose that the fire light flickered on some articles of dress, giving them the appearance of a human form, and that, while Wynyard's imagination conjured up the likeness of his brother, Sherbroke cot his definite impressions from Wynyard's descrip tion. In connection with this subject we may notice a carious story which Mr. Ingram puts under the head of Ottery, and which comes on the excellent authority of Abercrombie. In this a Mr. Wilkins, who was an usher in Ottery, Devonshire, dreamed that lie visited his mother in Gloucestershire, and she dreamed at the same moment that he appeared at her bedside. Both she and Ms father felt assured that he was just dead, but he was not even ill, and he lived 50 years longer. Admit this story to bo explicable by a coincidence of affectionate longing in two highly nervous organisations, and it seems to give the key to a whole class of stories, and to show that appearances of this kind depend, not on the disembodying of the spirit, bnt on the heightened sympathetic sen sibility of two living persons at the same mo ment. Naturally, this exaltation of feline is peculiarly likely to show itself in the last mo ments of life. In a second class of stories tho ghost appears to communicate some secret connected with propeiiy or wilb the perpetration of u crime. The best, that is the most ghost-like, of these stories, appears to rest on the very dubious authority of Do Foe, who wo3 a consummate artist in frbrioating a circumstantial narra tive, He makes a ghost, who wishes to tell his heir where a missiu:: deed is hidden, appear too. perfect stranger to the family, and tell him how it had been secreted under a false bot tom in an old chest. There is of course no evidence that will hold water for any appar ition of this sort.- On the other hand, there are plenty of stories where a man who might conceivably have known particular facts and have forgotten them, has had them re called to his memory by unconscious cerebra tion during sleep, and where the recollec tion has perhaps come in the shape of a dream, afterwards described as an apparition. The story of Powys Castle, where a ghost reveals a hidden treasure to a stranger who is put into n haunted room, is not very miraculous, as the treasure was only hidden by a loose board, which a curious person might easily bo tempted to pull up. In fnct, all we have to assume is that a resolute person opens an old cupboard, slippered to bo haunted by ghosts, and really haunted by rats, sees the flooring loose, and examines it. Generally bowever, it seems likely that all these cases have been instances of imagination or pious fraud. Thus, for instance, the two Pidgways have a quarrel about the division of their father's estate. The younger brother suddenly resigns his claim and afterwards gives as a reason that he was warned by his father to' do so. Is it not conceivable that the dream only represented the conclusions which Kidgway had been slowly arriving at for weeks previous? In the case of crimes discovered by super natural revelation, the obvious explanation seems to be that in times when the law was very weak the secret witness of a crime found it safer to denounce tho murderer upon the authority of a dream thaii by volunteering his own evidence. In this way he did not ex- pose himself to revenge if the murderer | escaped conviction, and was not liable to be taunted as an informer who had sworn away is man's life. It is noticeable that in modern times ghosts have qnite given up coming to the assistance of the police. The cases where ghost3 have appeared to team unbelievers that there is another World, or to give them notice of impend ing danger or djath, seem to fall under the same category. By far the finest story we know of the firet date TU Bemud Soma arid Famllu Tradition t of by JrtmH. Ingram. Uoden: W. tt I is one in which two scholars of the Renaissance have entered into a covenant that whichever died first sbonld appear to the other and tell him whether there was a life beyond the grave. Years afterwards one of them was aroused before dawn by a voice under his window cail- ing-his name, and gazing out of the window eaw a ghostly rider mounted upon a pa'.e horse, who looked up, showing the well known features of his friend, and exclaimed, "Oh, Michael, Michael, those tilings are true," and disappeared. Inquiry showed that the student had actually passed away at that hour. No one of these stories is properly authenticated, but there is no improbability about an;v one of them having occurred, if we accept the purely subjective explanation pro posed for uo-called apparitions at the moment of death, and assume that what is testified to ie the dying man's belief, not the dead man's experience. It is different, of course, when an apparition pnophesies tho future. Stories how members of a hell fire club have been warned of impending death do not strike us as very conclusive. Profligate yonng men must be well aware that they are throwing dice with death ; and men who blaspheme to keep up their courage are among the most likely of all to be superstitiously timid. There was an Oxford tradition that the devil was seen flying away with the president of a hell fire club that used to meet in Brasennose, but though the story was said to rest on the autho rity of a learned archdeacon, it has never been sifted. The dream warning the friend of the first Duke of Buckingham that that unpopular statesman would be stabbed may have been derived from a knowledge of whet Puritan malcontents were freely talking of. Lord Lyttelton's story of an apparition warn ing him of his own approaching death is generally believed to have been a contrivance for masking a suicide ; but a sick and vicious man may easily have dreams of this sort which will work their own fulfilment. The best story we know of a prophetic dream is one that occurred to an ancostor of the first Governor of Victoria. This gentleman dreamed that he was riding in a part of the country where he had never been before, that he was waylaid by high waymen, and that at a critical moment he saw a side track, spurred his liorso down it, and escaped. Some years latur he found himself in a part of Yorkshire where he had never been before, butwith whichhe seemed familiar, and appeared to recognise a villanous coun tenance at a country inn where he baited. Riding on he found himself waylaid, and just as the situation appeared desperate, remem bered his dream, looked out for and found the side track, struck into it, and escaped. The story is a good one, but though it is a family tradition it has never, we believe, been con signed to writing, and has probably, therefore, been systematised and improved in many little points. In general it is a little difficult to under stand why a ghost should appear at one par ticular epoch of a life only, and not whenever the person it is attachod to wants guidance or counsel. . The old superstition of familiar spirits was less difficult to understand if the initial difficulty of assuming a supernatural being attached to a mortal could ever be sur mounted. Frnissart tells an incomparable story oi a familiar spirit called Ortono, who was sent by a priest defrauded of his benefice to plague the encroaching baron. The baron, however, suggested that Ortone would find a wealthy and powerful lord'3 service much more profitable than that of a beggarly priest, and Ortone readily consented to change masters, remarking that under any circum stances lie had no power to do any further harm than by disturbing sleep. As it turned out, however, his powers of lending aid were much more important. He used to look in at all hours of the night, end give the last news from every part of Europe, anticipating the services of the electric telegraph, and giving his master a monopoly of news. Un happily, a powerful friend, to whom tho secret of the Sieur de Corasse's incomparable com mand of news was communicated, suggested that lie ought to see his friend ; and in epite of Ortone's warnings the baron demanded eight of him iu his proper form. Next morning, as he looked carelessly out of the window, ho saw a hideous black '-win the court yard, set tho dogs at it, and only discovered « hen it vanished into air that he had driven away his luck. Of corse he died within the year. In 1 Ms case it ? easy to See how tho sagacity of a powerful baron in forec usting events, united to somo skill in procuring intelligence, wa3 made the four.<!.iiionofa supernatural story. Coming back to ghosts proper, we find a number of cases in which a ghost has haunted a person guilty of having wronged it grievously during life. Stories of this kind are supremely probable, and easily explicable up' to a certain point. Given a superstitions person of highly sensitive temperament and liable to tits, and we have all the condition" for haunting by the furies. In one of the best oi these etui-! in a girl icils her seducer that b!ib will haunt him to the day of his death, and adds that a relative present ehall be the witness. The girl dies, and five years later tho relative is actually present when the Bsducer, just married to a young wife, is confronted on his passage from the altar by the wraith of his victim, and fall, down dead in a fit. In tins case we have oniy to assume tho presence of another victim of the profligate man's, sufficiently like to be confused with the first by the excited imagi nation of a spectator at a distance, and there is not tho least occasion for any super natural explanation. A man unhinged by a fast life, and harassed by superstitious fears of the curso invoked on him, might easily have a fit if he wa3 suddenly startled by the appear ance of a wronged woman, risen from the dead ; might even have one if he apprehended nothing worse than a ecandalous scene. There are several cases on record where a judge has been summoned by a prisoner whom he was sentencing to appear within a year boforo the Judgment Seat of God, and has actually died within the time. No one can suppose that the prisoner has been a prophet, or has been entrusted with the right of lifeund death over his judge. The cases are of course pure coin cidences of a very rare kind — one coming ri -lit and being noticed where a hundred had failed; but it is quite conceivable that now and again! where a judge has broken down from other causes, the remembrance of such a curso has contributed to his death. The most supremely absurd cases are those in which ghosts liaunt houses for no particular motive— not wanting to expose a crime or to communicate information, but simply as it would seem from a habit which survives death. Mr. Ingram gives one rather well authenti cated story of an elderly couple who used to wander about what had once been their manor houde out of griof that it had passed away out of their hands and into those oi careless strangers. In this case the remark able point is that the family did not lose the property till more than sixty years after the originals of the ghost3 had been buried ; a time, one would think, in which disembodied spirits ought to have been purifiod from the love of bricks and mortar. One curious story of this kind is connected with the Mauritius, and comes on the authority of a gentleman who, being sent to the island in an official capacity, oould only find one home that at all met. his re quirements, at anything like a reasonable rate. One night he and his wife were disturbed by heavy steps pacing a long room that was over their sitting room. The steps ceased when the door was opened, and no one could be dis covered, but the soand was renewed now and again, and the tenant at last mentioned it fo h!s landlady while lie was paying her the quarter's rent. Her embarrassment first j suggested the idea that there .was something uncanny about the sounds; and on inquiry it appeared that tho house had belonged to an 1 Englisfisofficer, who had hanged himself in the . haunted room, after making a will by which he bequeathed the house to its actual owner, a French lady, whom lis was attached to and who rojectedhissuit. Tho whimsical part of the narrative is that the living man was chivalrous enough to bequeath his estate to the object of his affections, while the ghost apparently did its best to make the " bequest value less. In this and many other similar cases we believe rats have been the real authors of the sounds that have thrown dis credit on a respectable house. Very often, however, direct imposture has been at work. Sometimes smugglers who found a homo con venient have frightened tenants out of it. The plienomeuon of a lighted room in aft uu- inhabited bnilding probably belongs to this class. More often some hysterical girl has cultivated the power of counterfeiting noises, or has caused breakages, in order to give her self tho Btimulus of tho excitement which a' general panic in a household produces. The most exceptional phenomenon is that of a spirit appearing now and again in some spe cial locality under circumstances that only omnipotence coold have foreseen. Of this kind is tho legend of the Radiant Boy — the form of n beautiful naked boy surrounded by a dazzling radiance — which appeared in the fire place of a room in an old Irish country house to Captain Stewart, afterwards Lord Castlereagh. The family tradition in tills case was, that whoever saw the lladiant Boy would rise to the summit of power, and when he hod reached the climax would die a violent death. What one desires to know is in how many cases except that of Lord Castlereagh such an apparition could be verified, and why it should choose an Irish country house for the scene of its manifestations. The form wo have quoted from Mr. Ingram is said to be the least romantic form in which tho story has been told. It would be interesting to know what the most extravagant variety is like. It is curious to thiok of what elements the belief in ghosts is composed. Part is probably a reminiscence of ancestor worship ; the bolief that the dead ancestors of ovory family ex- eroiscd a perceptible influence over it3 for tunes, and were interested in its permanence. Part — that shrinking which timid people still feel in the dark — may not impossibly be a reminiscence, asMissCobbohasBuggested, of the time when our ancestors huddled together in caves, bad to dread the visits of the wild beasts of the forest, and were constantly linbleto find that one of their number had dis appeared. However it may have been derived, the belief flourished pretty much in its pre sent shape as long ago as classical times. The Mostellaria of Plautus shows us a crowd of spirits frequenting the scene of a murder ; and Cimon, in an earlier century, is said to have been haunted by the spirit of a girl he had killed unintentionally, though under cir cumstances of gross wrong. There seems to have been no lucid interval when ghosts were discredited by public intelligence, till the dis coveries of science have a little shamed tho educated world out of belief in them. It is noticeable, however, that there are very few ghosts ill new countries. America, which naturalised witches, has steadily excluded spirits, and there is, we believe, only one ghost with any pretensions to authenticity iu Aus tralia. The world doe3 get a little wiser, but it is only by slow degrees. However, when we remember that witches and vampires — dead persons who sucked the blood of the living — were believed in enly two centuries ago in London and Paris, we need not despair of seeing ghost3 finally expelled from their lest stronghold, the belief in Spiritualism. 