GEORGE BASHFORD blf 'THÊ iABOOR, (.--? ,ni¡. QirxsTiolv.r ,v.-.;i THE Great "Liba." boast that there ia no' work that a white mao oannót 'do in'the tropica, and that coloured labour for Queens- I land ia not needed. One of the moBt conais-. tent of the Great " Liba." ia George Bashford. At the laat elections he contested two seats in the interest of the present Government, and I remember that George, on these occasions, went the whole hog in his opposition to coloured labour. But I have a wonderful revelati»n:to make/ and : that ia tbat;Ueorge has changed his views on the labour question. He himself is roy authority. It will be re- membered that George baa got a contract for maklnte the Mourilyan Sugar Company's tram .Way.1" George1'hhs communicated his ex ¡tterfenoesin1 rMking thia- Work'ín 'a series of letters to the Townsville Herald,- Writing: in that journal, of February,.1st, ho reminds the pnblio that he had previously declared himself "-aa being strongly1 opposed to the employment of Ghmese''Kauakas¡ or any other olass of coloured labour, either on the sugar plantations, tramway works, fir in any. place where the adoption of it could' be possibly avoided."; Next, he admits'that,.after a second visit " iu the height oi a tropical sum- mer," he has entirely changed bis views on tho coloured labour question. George then goes on to say that lils experience proves that " white men cannot do'tho work required of them in railway undertakings1 in' <a oonntry and climate similar to that of the north." These are George's own words, and they are. the best answer to Griffith's bogus cry. In order, to prove his statement, George gives tho following time-table, pf a. weeks work. r Dato, Turned out Worked Beti January, 1884. to work, full tuno. sh Monday .. ll ? 7li .. 45 ! Tuesday .. 15 .. 74 .. 40 .. : Wednesday 10 03 .. 20 .. ! Thursday.. 17 .. 71 SO : Friday .. 18 .. 71 37 .. 1 Saturday.. 1» .. 73 .. 33 .. : This is equal to a loss of fiity per cent in labour ; and, again to quoto George Bashford, "a very serious ono in time and money to tho contractors, and which also tolls greatly against the boasted stamina of thc wbito labourers in any climate." Georgo then says that last December "it was found absolutely necessary to employ fifty Chinamen, and now there arc ISO of theso geDtry at work. Good newa this for our "white men's Government." ItisBtatcd that tho Chinkie* get «ck occasionally', but nothing to the extent that tho white men do. Tho wages of tho white mon, 8a. to 11s. per diem, and Chinamen, 5s. Sd. per diem. George then I goes on to describe how thc Chinkie works, and speaks in high terms of lits capabilities,- | " I am, therefore, much against my inclina- tion, in summing up tho case, ' White !>. Yellow," and calculating thc high wages paid to the European, his inability to stand 1 the climate, and tho loss mid inconvenience | caused by his constantly knocking off work, compelled unhesitatingly to give my verdict in favour of tho Asiatics, and I regard them aud J Kanakas as being tho only fit form of labour for thc northern sugar lands. Moreover, 1 consider, and it is my lirm «pinion, that any railway contractor askingwhitcmen lo como up | to those parts during thc summer months to do navvies' work, and objecting to thc employ- ment of Chinese in a dense scrub country, should bc compelled to work himself to sec how he likca it, then ho will coon confess that I thc work in question is unly fit for Chinese and Polynesians, and will quickly make no bones about engaging them. " If any railway or other contractor or ' employer of labour is of o different opinion to mino, let him como up here sud soo for himself whet l baye «eon sud exuorifneed daily on thii^lnV/'viii., ¡nen 'wßkihg 'abodf'lho semblance of living ghosts, women calling ' upon God to deliver'thea! fiom:thelrfcufforine;e and mon light-headed aud half delirious with '. fuver, leaving in nuiubsrs for tho Townsville Hospital, and I guarantee that iu a very short .time hs^rill.speedily be converted to myway .of tWnlfmg.i ., ,. If ,., ''Personally speaking, J. sinoerely trust that I may never haye -p railway, contract, .or any share of ono for such another undertaking ia a eimilar district to the present, as J. would much prefer to live in dear old Limestone, on half rations and R threepenny shandygaff under my'bolt as à tlàtly allowance." Such are Gcprgo Bashford's opinions, and I commend" theni'to the attention of Samuel Walker Griffith and his colleagues. I would also 'recommend Billy Brookes, and ali othcV < fanatics opposed to coloured labour, to adopt 1 Bashford's suggestion, sud go up and bava a spell at navvy.wotk in thc north.-7Vic ?' (Juecmlatul Figaro. 