WAGGA COURSING CLUB. • AUGUUST MEETING. ; " fiEsi Dav—Wedsesbay, August 13. President : Mr, T. W. Hammond. Vice r.,;! Presidents: Messrs. B. Cox and E. 0. ''.".'"Pearson. Hon. Treasurer: Mr. F, W. Gowlland. Hon. Sec.: Mr. S. Hawkins, \- Judge Mr. J. Mundy. Flag Steward : '. Mr. L. Gormly. Slip Steward : Mr. J. Mitohelmore. Slipper: Mr. Jos. Pratt. The third meeting undor the auspices of the Wagga Coursiug Club commenccd at the racecourse yesterday morning, and was well attondcd, there being upwards of 400 persons on the ground. The weather was beautiful, and the ground in first-rato condition. Con siderable interest had for some time been contrcd in the meeting, and the prizes were eucli as to attract a largo number of metro politan sportsmen and visitors from neigh bouring . towns. Tho number of dogs on the ground was larger than, and their quality superior to, anything Been at previous meetings here, and had puss been anything up to the mark, very excellent sport would liavo resulted. As it was,' the hares were a very sickly lot, and in one or two instances four or five were let out, before 0110 of sufficient strength could be procured, while 'several of them woro so weak, that they gave up the ghost from sheer dobility before the dogs were slipped. This is much to bo regretted, be caUBO it will probably militate against the attendance of visitors at future meetings. The officers and committeemen (lid every thing in thoir power to carry the meeting Buoeeaafully through, and the course arrange monte, effected by the ranger, Mr. Ryan, wore good. Tho duties of tho judge wcro made comparatively light, owing to tho tortoiao-liko activity of puss, who was gene rally secured before sho had gone very far. The slipper had tho hardest work, for lie had to exert his whole strength in holding tho dogs back until a moderately fleet hare was brought forth, A word of praise is due to Mr. S. Hawkins, tho lion, secretary, who porformed his not very easy duties with taot, judgment, and urbnnity. Mr. E. Spring, who had tho booth, provided a capital luncheon. Tho first event, the Cours ing Cup, having only half filled, was ruu with lti dogs, instead of 32 as origiually intended. The course between Guess and Little Sain, in tho first round for the Cup, created a good deal of interest, in conse quenco of the good running of tho former at tho last meeting. Sho won her course, but in tho first ties bIio was despatched to a tnisorablo hnrc, and suffered defeat from Nobt Ha, after a very short and unsatisfac tory run. In tho Bracelet, the course be tween Pastinie and Blue Light was watched with interest, tho fornior ultimately securing a victory. Tho various events will bo found recorded below WAGGA COUMINO OOP : For 32 dog3, all ayes, at £5 6s each. Winner £75, and spccio of oup value £25, added by the club; runner tip £30 ; two dogs £10 each; four dogs £5 each. EIRST BOUND, Mr. II. E. Lord's f w b Captivity, Mister toil—Coomassiu, beat Mr. F. J. Mitchell's r b Terrawinila, Marinor—Miss Agnes Miller. Mr. Jas. White ns r w d Hanlon, Valen tine—Fly, beat Mr. J. T. Williamson nB b w d, star, Darkie—Fly. Mr. P. L. Cummins b w b Cherry Ripe (lato Fairy), Bashful Jog—W, Princess, beat Mr. W. Devlin's f wb Dora Dora, Black "Watch—Lallah Roolch, Mi:. W. Devlin's b w d Dulla DilUa, Black Watch—Lai ah Ilookh, ran a byo. Mr. H. M'Quade's b w b Nebt Ha, Mariner—Wild Deer, beat Mr. Jas. Day's f w b Battailous, .Young Warlike—Naughty Joey. Mr. L. Gormly's b w b Guess, Depend on Me—Lalagc, heat Mr. H. E. Lord ns b w d Little Sam, Kelso—Flower Girl. Mr. P. L. Cummins ns br w d Flirt, Joe Hose, beat Mr. T. Peel's be w b Lady Nut with, Valentine—Ruby. Mr. H. M'Quade's f w b Eurimbla, Lelex —Sister to Cassius, ran a bye. Captivity led by two lengths to a slow hare, and, turning well, scored first four points. Terrawinda had 110 show, and after a .short course Captivity killed and won easily, the red dog boing pointless. Hanlan reached puss first, and turned and scored before liis opponent got up. Star then got to work and secured a couple of turns, after which both dogs scored alter nately. Hanlan ultimately effected a kill, and won. The winning dog turned very badly, and owes the victory much to his sneed. Cherry Ripe beat Dora Bora in the race to the have, and, running very well, scored rapidly. After Dora Dora scored off a wrench, Cherry Ripe agoin got possession of the hare, and added a few more points to his favour. The fawn aud white again scored, but this was no use, as Cherry Ripe shortly after killed, and won easily. Bashful Sam and Dulla Dulla were the next on the card, but in the absence of the former dog, Gately was put in the slips to run with Dulla Dulla. The old dog led Dulla Dulla to the hare, and showing very good form, killed immediately on reaching the hare. Gately caused much amusement by bringing the hare back to his owner at the rails. Nebt Ha and Battalions -were next placed m the slips, but in consequence of the two first hares sent out bciug very weak ones, the slipper would not let the dogs go. Eventually, a good hare was secured, in the run to which Nebt Ha led by 20 lengths, Battalious running miserably. This course was a very short one, as shortly after turn ing the hare Nebt Ha killed, and won an unevenly contested course. The result of the course between the next pair of dogs (Guess and Little Sam) caused much excitement and a deal of betting. The dogs wore let go to a good hare, to which Guess led by two lengths, and placed first turn to her credit. Little Sam then came up and fairly beat Guess in the early part of the course, working beautifully. The slut after wards warmed up to her work, and after dis playing fine turning qualities, scored fre quently, and made matters equal between the twe dogs. Several exchanges afterwards took place, and a long but pretty course ended in favour of Guess by a point and the kill. Little Sam slipped repeatedly, which militated much against his chance of success. Lady Nutwith led Flirt from the slips, but the hare, bonding in favour of Flirt, was reached first by the briudle, who turned the hare towards the spectators. Both dogs hero showed good coursing qualities. For some time Flirt performed most of the work, but Lady Nutwith, not to bo denied, again assumed the lead, overturning puss on the sand track, and scoring several times. After each dog had secured a few more points, Lady Nutwith killed, but Flirt was pro claimed the winner. An unnamed dog of Mr. Lord's was placed in the slips to run a bye with Eurimbla, and showed very good work. Three infirm hares were beaten out before the dogs were slipped. The unnamed dog got two lengths the best of the slip, and led Eurimbla six lengths to the haro, turning, aud scoring well before Eurimbla got up. After exchanging points, the unnamed dog killed. This concluded the first round for the Cup. FIBST TIES.. . Captivity beat Hanlan. Cherry Ripe beat Dulla Dulla. Nebt Ha beat Guess. Eurimbla beat Flirt. Captivity and Hanlan reached the hare simultaneously, wheu puss turned sharply to the right. Captivity was tho first to start again in pursuit, and quickly caught and killed a rather weak hare. Cherry Ripe showed superior pace to Dulla Dulla in the run to the haro, turned, and scored the first four points. Dulla Dulla then took the lead, and scored a few poiuts, after which Cherry Ripe showed in front, and finished a victorious course by effecting a kill. Nebt Ha and Guess .were then placed in the slips, but the first hare being a weak one tho dogs were not let go. The next hare was not much better, to which Nebt Ha led Mr. Gormly's slut by a length. Nebt Ha immediately killod, and won a very unsatis factory courso. It was expected that this course would bo a good oue, but the weak ness of the liare prevented anything of the sort. It was not until five hares had been driven out that tho slip Bteward deemed it advisable to allow Flirt and Eurimbla to pro ceed on their, journey, the fawn and white dog reaching the hare six lengths in advance of Flirt. Eurimbla turned and scored, after which Flirt scored a couple of turns. Run ning in a very cunning manner, Eurimbla again took possession of the hare, effecting a kill and winning tho course. The fawn and white slut showed great speed during this course, ladies' bracelet, For 16 doge, all ages, tho bona fide property of member# of tho Club, to be nominated by ladies, at £2 2s,; winner £15, and a ! bracelet value £25 j runner up £10; two ' dogs £2 each. Mrs. Harvison ns r or f w b Lollie, Zig Zag—Nydia, beat Miss M. White ns bo w 6 GreenBleeve, Valentine—Fly. Mrs. Mitchelinore ns b w d Xixion, Ban agher—Harebell, beat Mrs. Jas. Robertson ns w b d Frank, Rasper—Lady. Miss A. Cummins us b w d Pastime, Hop Market—Miss Watoli, beat Mrs. Spring ns be w d Blue Light, Darkie—Fly. Mrs. \Y. CooperusririlBob, Robelliou— Ready Money, beat Mra. Halo na be d Blue Jacket, Darkie—Lightning. Miss C. Bourke ns w b d Gift, Chester— Lily, beat Mrs. Ferguson ns w d Foam, Dart —La Rose. Mrs. L. Gormly ns b w d Gospel Oak (late Joker), One of tho Twelve—Glenora's Sister, beat Mrs. H. Welinan ns br d Le Loup, Larras Lake—Sea Wave. Miss M. C; Fentland ns b w b Mango, Bannagher — Harebell, beat Miss M. A. Spring ns b w d Sportsman, Darkie—Fly. Mrs. W. Cooper ns b r b Bella, L'Ami— Rouge et Noir, beat Mrs. G. F. Flunket ns br w b Pansey, Spring—Queen Bee. Lollio led to tho hare, scoring first three points, and placing Greenslcove for two wrenclics. Lollio again scored, likewise Greensleove, after which the hare mado to the fenco. A few more exchanges then took place, and Lollie kilted and won. Three more bad hares were let go before Xixion and Frank were slipped, when set going Xixion led by three lengths and scored several timos beforo allowing Frank to get near. The dogs in turning sharply collided, causing Frank to full and lose a lot of time. Tho liaro being a very good one, some raro sport was shown opposite tho nursery. Throughout the course Frank had but little chance against Xixion, who killed and won, leaving tho wliito and black dog almost pointless. Pastimo and Bluo Light wero slipped to a strong hare, which was reached first by Pastime. The hare was driven to tho fur corner of tho course, where for a time tho work of the dogs was not visible. Pastimo brought tho liaro up to the nursery, and after effecting a turn, gave Bluo Light a short command of tho hare. Tho blue and white dog again took pesession of puss, and shortly after killed, and won a severe and long course. Bob was quicker than Bluo Jacket in tho vaco to tho hare, and turning well, scored first six points, BlueJooket then »oouxad \- a couple of points, and Bob again took tlio lead, and won by killing the have. In this course the good qualities of Bob wcro shown to advautage. Gift had too much paco for Foam, and after leading to the hare, kopt possession for sonie time. Foam then scored threo points, when the haro mado towards the pools of wator near the carriage gate. Whilst turn ing Gift fell, hut was soon again in pursuit, and shortly after won a good course by killing. Gospel Oak was infinitely superior to Lc Loup, and after a sterling display of good qualities, won a very long course. Le Loup managed to kill just as the hare was getting under tho fence. Mango led Sportsman by ten longths, and kept possession of the hare for soma time. Sportsman thon scored three points off a wrench, after which a lot of good work was dono iu tho vicinity of the sand hill by Mango, who brought the bare back opposite tho btand. After turning puss head over heels twice, the black and. white slut killed and won. Bella led to tho hare, turned, and scored first five points. Pansey then scored, but only on sufferance, as Bella again got posses sion of the haro, and, after killing, won tho course easily, FIRST TIES. - Xixion beat Lollie. Bob beat Pastime. Gift beat Gospel Oak. Bella ran a bye. Lollie and Xixion were let go to a strong hare, tho formor securing first turn, off which Xixion killed. Both dogs securing an equal number of points, the course was given in as undecided. After a short rest the dogs were again placed in the slips. Botli dogs raced together to the hare, Lollie placing first turn to her credit. Xixion then took the lead, and won the course by killing. Bob had a deal the best of Pastime in the race to the hare, and scored freely bofore giving Pastime a chance. The black and white dog then placed a few points to his account, after which a lot of evenly divided work took place at the sand hill. The hare was then turned towards the carriage gate, where both dogs exchanged. After a long course Bob won by a point and a-half, the hare being killed in a pool of water by Pas time. No less than five liares were beaten out before Mr. Pratt, thought it judicious to let Gift and Goapel Oak go. When sont on their journey the hare was not much of an im provement on the four previous inferior ones, and being reachcd first by Gift, the slut instantly killed, and won another unsatisfac tory coursc. Three hares were beaten out before Mango and Bella were sent away, and then only to a weak one. Bella secured first turn, and Bnngo killed, resulting in an undecided course. The owners agreed to place their dogs again in the slips, when two more sickly hares were turned loose. Mango was then withdrawn from the Bracelet by Mr. L. Gormly, whose dogs had previously suffered defeat in unsatisfactory courscs. Bella then ran a bye with Gaitless, who led to the hare, and secured first turn, off which Bella scorcd. Gaitless then took possession of the hare, and after giving the spectators a treat of her speed and turning qualities, finished the course by a neat kill. The coursing will be resumed to-day, when the deciding courses' of the above events will be run. • 