SYDNEY BULLETIN ITEDMS. They are striking a lot of solicitors off the rolls in London, for sticking to vari ous sums of money left with them in trust. How many of our-but it isn't safe. W. J. Peall, the celebrated English billiard player, recently astonished the votaries of the game by making an extra ordinary break. In an exhibition game with W. Mitchell, at Cambridge, Peall made the unprecedented number 6f 1989 points in a single innings. Of tllese no fewer than 1644 were accumulated by spot-stroke play. The previous best break on record was 1839, by W. Mlitchell. " Happy Maria" Moran, a Melbourne " Halelujah lass," was selling the War Cry for the army, when her eye lighted on James Taggart, and she besought him to lay out a penny in salvation. So, after indulging in a little bhodinage with his fair. supplicant, James chucked her unner the chin, and said he would be glad to save his soul for a penny. Tendering her a shilling, the gentle James took in ex change one I',ar Cry and eleven-pence, and left Maria engaged in prayer On his behalf. Those prayers (alas ) were trans formed into Salvation curses, when thi confiding girl found she had been rushed with a halfpenny silvered over. And the magistrates, infidels that they are, treated James' wickedness as a lark, and let him go. Says a New York staymaker :--" There are some pretty figures among the Cuban and other West Indian women, but they are short, age rapidly, and soon; grow dumpy; yet such as have French maids manage to make up well. Refined Irish and German ladies have finefigures on the average. So do the Italian ladies. i Hol land and Belgian ladies are rotund, hod essentially well built. American fashion able women, though inclined to fragility as a rule, have naturally excellent figures, but there are no other women who so per sistently deform and destroy what nature has given them through tight lacing and generally slavish obedience to the ab surdest freak of fashion. American ladies w are the most unconscionable lacers in the je world. But, everything said and seen, B ~thesritisth femirninitr itr "lih tlinrdt' o models." . ' : .An English ppotafisiitis that card-play- ce ing for money is becniing'very prevalent among ladies, and. high stakes are com- n mon. One young lady is said to have lost ci as much as £40 at one sitting. The ti moley had been given her by her father tl to buy a new dress, and not being a pro- ri fessionaland not mueh of a business person, rn she concluded after losing, that she wanted p her money back.' There's no very de- a sperate harm done so long as frivilous wo- 'I men gamble among themselves. While C social arrangements subsist, which enable a one idle class to draw upon the industri- ii ous far more than is required for even ii handsome idleness, the harems or drawing C rooms of the rich will contain brainless o women who find themselves at a loss how t to occupy their idle lives, and they will I gamble if the idea catches hold. But they 1 won't long be content to gamble only with a their own sex, or for moderate stakes, v The vice is like love of drink; it grows, v and takes possession of some people. a There will be lady plungers, and it has to be remarked. that the desperate male gambler, will, in his effort to retrieve his I losses, stake anything! This is proved i human nature, and human nature is cotn mon to both sexes. Sam Lyons, the Fitzroy (Vic.) lawyer, I believes, that " human nature ishuman nature" per et .imple, and lie has got pretty well.thee right end of the stick lately. Hugh Kelly, the licensee of the 1 Beresford Arims Hotel, was hauled up be- t fore the sapient Justices of'Collingwood I for the offence of Sunday trading, so he 1 fee'd the wily Sam to defend the case. I Kelly has the honour of holding a seat in t the Collingwood City Council, which he o vacates in August next by efluxion of I time ;.and a local J.P. named Barnett has 1 already announced his intention of run ning the O'Kelly for the confidence of the ratepayers. So, when thile Kelly case Swas called on at the court, Lyons spotted 1 Barnett on the bench, and suggested that he would be exhibiting good taste in re tiring from his judicial position! during the hearing of the complaint. To this mild proposition the J.P. refused to ac r cede, and remarked " I'm here to do jus tice ;" to which the lawyer rejoined, " but t your worship sees that you are announced in the papers to, oppose Mr Kelly." Then the dignified and learned Marsdlen, J.P., chipped in, " \What if he is 1 I am sure no ngentlelmen upon this bench wbnld be influenced in the least by any sdch con Ssideration. Wet are here to do justice." P "Just so," replied the imperturbable SSamel ; " but human nature is human Snature, and I confess that if I got a chance to give an opponent a turn, I'do it. It is said to he divine to forgive, but I don't t belong to " the divine lot." It was evi dent, however, that Mr Barnett, J.P., thought le did ielong to " the divine lot," .t for he still sat in the seat of judgment, and refused to move so the sceptical Sam, to be even with hi,n, asked for an to adjournment of the case for fourteen Sdays, which was granted. And, after all, there is sonmething in the lawyer's estimate e-f human nature. We have known libel court judges andl maistrates,; too, who lhave---[Very likely; so have we, but they hold court in Siberia, or somewhere. -Ete. B.] to In this par. we are going to let you into i a few of the mysteries of the Press--mys teries, perchance, not unallied with humour. Listen ! We belonged to the ErveninU CL'hristrlher, cnce. At that time I Alfrel was a feeble youth in an under fI taker's suit of shiny black, and, when he wanted a little relaxation, was wont to ir leave a memo on the old man's desk to the following effect : S"Dere father, can I have a noliday to go e- to cowder with a picknic.-ALr.Ytne." 1 In those days the paper was sub-edited by cc a feeble old citp (since dead) who kept a a cabbage and onion shop in Sussex-street. it His name was Rushton, and, during our ie time, he was, we grieve to state, disrated for mixing up a Queauboyan telegram ,d about a testimonial to the poundkeeper, ,o with the war cables from Europe. In those days we earned our thirty-five bob a week conscientiously. Our little day's o work would be, not unfrequently, oppor tinned out as follows :-- a.m. : Round of the lock-ups, 8 till half-past : " Wolfing" 'd a herring and a roll in Hyde Park. 9 a.m.: A glance at the contents of the dead tlhouse. 9:30 na.m.: Chat with Jim Punch at e sporting news. 10 a.m.: Police Court. 1- 1 p.m. : Three courses with bread a dis e cretioen, for Gd. 2 p.m.: Inspection of a )0 patent manure factory. 3. p.m. : Flower show at Government House. 5 p.m.: Writing up block, depicting Hong Kong, -for the Jereole. 6 p.m.: Roll and coffee, in 3d.; at the Boiler Club. 7 p.m. : Biscuit trifling, and "the longest allowed by the 1e Act," at Jim Punch's expense. 8 p.m. : \- Theatre, with a busted paper collar, and ,d derisively received by the ushers. 9 p.m. : Bar guest of an actor, who wished to be sent along. 10 p.m.: " Mushget lomsh." 10.30 p.m. : Lock-up. The old man used to say in those days--" What we want is short and sharp local matter : ,ff accidents, offences, and things of that .i- sort. Get these, young 'un,"he einphati t. cally remarked to us-we were, we may state,, at that time in the full zenith of our .ii youth--" get these and'I will not grudge e seonething extra." We slept upon this a- georgeous promise, and from that time l the paper teemed with excitin" incidents l of a .local character. The following is a 19 sample-doubtless. "c extant," and of course written in choice" Saxon--of one Sof our most successful efforts: S .4 erriLIsNG CATASTROPrHE.r. About half-past 10 this morning i youth e .of respectable parentage (we gather this er from his father and mother having for ud many years subscribed to the Touea mnid m Cictriy Journacl, and hlaving chqerfully er forwarded their extra fourpence when ii iv Itoita queestion of rolling and glazing)-a e youth, we siay, was crossing at thd inter cc section of Market and C;stlercagh dtreets, a carrying over his shloulders a losig but z. slender bar of iron. Before, however, the e, youth was halfway across the road, a is ginger-beer and cordial cart, coming at a s- terrific pace round the corner, caught em the end of the. iron in its wheel, ed and canted the blacksmithla' apprentice in through the windowe of a pawnbroker's ed shop. The horse, taking fright, dashled m the cart against the kerb-stone, overturn it and scattering the ginger-beer, rasp re berry syrup, lemonade, etc., etc., in i, wasteful streams over the pathway, while y the driver was thrown, with some violence, w on the side-walk. He fnrtunatelyi how 'S ever, fell upon his head, 9therwise the Ic consequences might hlave been serious. ie When raised to hIris feet by a posse of 1 sympathising by-standers, he tearfully ed assured tham that he lhad not taken to n. the ginger-beer cart business of his own ly free will, but had been forcibly appren a, ticed to it by his parents. Weo had not r- been able, so far, to gatlher furtheriparti Slars respecting thie fate of the boy and d tie bar of iron. Active enquiries, how e- ever, are being instituted, the result of which will be published in this popular jaurnal; tngether with ithe result of the - i?iugeido?-? ba'dger-drawuig, which is ex 'aitm enfo- h o grea n'eienti the pu ublic mind at the present time, in n;second edition. And, yet; would you believe, there was no boy, no bar of iron, no ginger-beer cart, no driver, and not even the reflec tion of a pawnbroker's window. But that didn't matter. The items were well received, and the Ecdo editor used to remonstrate in round terms, with his re porters for not being suffticiently on the alert to snavel all this attractive matter. These were gay old times, anyhow, when Chris used to fold papers twelve hours at a stretch, and Frank used to pass the day in an oil-emblazioned canvas suit, down in a kind of well underneath the machine. One night, by command of The editor, we went and slept in a haunted house, out at the Glebe, in which the ghost of Old Hancock was stated to appear riightly. This was a great sensation, and on the articles being written we were presented with "two bob" by the proprietary ; which lhugeese Alfred and we expended in a couple of lunches at Roberts's,: where you get-or used to-four courses and a " maiden's-blush" for a shilling. And now to think that Chris. has a coachman in cotton gloves, and Alf.-but, lhand us down the duster and let us weep. A Mr W. Stons, 5M.A., of Cambridge, has just published a pamphlet, "Shall we annex Egypt," in which lie argues that we should. At the very commencement of the Egyptian trouble, when all the hum bug newspapers were clattering in unison that we were interfering to prevent the national movement in Egypt out of pure benevolence, the Bulletin pointed out that these pretences were blsh--that the in terference was in the interests of usurers, and that it would inevitably drift towards annexation. Well, the blather about benevolence is smitten ahnost dumb by the slaughters of Egyptians at Tel-el Kebir, and of Egyptians and Soudanese since, and annexation is now openly advo cated. To do Mr Gladstone and his Cabinet justice, they seem to be struggling against being driven to accomplish the crime their rown early actions rendered almost inevitable. But the national cupi dity has been aroused,aand the Government will find it difficult to control the devil they have raised. Referring to a speech by the Home Secretary, Mr Stone writes coolly :-" In Sir Wml. Harcourt's recent speech he raises the question of morality in connection with the subject. He sa) s that we have no right to take Egypt, aend that the taking of Cyprunaswas a badl example. The question of morality in the progress of an Empire,,thouglh pcrlhaps present to the people is seldom pelliely indulged in by statesmen. Expediency in politics has always been a more powerful motive than morality. . . If the taking of Cyprus were a bad example, so must have been the taking of India, of Canada, and of every other colony or possession we have. Had England's great statesmen in the past been actuated by similar motives to those advanced by the Home Secretary, our Empire would consist solely of Eng land, without even Ireland; and if it were possible to really imagine that such a policy had always been in force, the conclusion is inevitable that our little island would long ago have been absorbed into the dominions cE another Power. I believe it is a great mistake to make Egypt an affair of party polities; the annexation of Egypt by sonme Euro pean Power is one of those inevitable in cidents which events are surely bringing to pass. In such an important crisis, the party-politic side of the questions should \- be dropped, and Englishmen as English i men, not as Conservatives or Liberals, should consider calmly whether the argu nients for our annexing Egypt are stronger than the arguments for leaving the coun try alone. I believe now that nearly all will agree that half-and-half-measures are e useless-" In other words, England has never acted on the principles of morality in extending her Empire-if she had done I so, her Empire could never have been i created ; and it would be asinine folly for lher now to change her tactics and cease to be a common robber. There was a meeting of Scotchunen held i in Sydney a little while ago to celebrate the centenary of the birth of the poet TannahilL His poems were much ap. plauded, and many toasts were drunk to ) his memory. But who was Tannahill ? He was a Paisley weaver who wrote songs, some of which are not inferior to many of Burns'. Like Burns, too, lie got more applause after he was dead than while he Slived. "Jessie, the flower o' Dumblane," r is one of Tannahill's songs. He was never in Dumblane, or he would have seen that the sun does not set "o'er the lofty Ben Lomond," looking at it from the town at least. But that is of small consequence. He had that sympathy with the doings of nature, which is such a I strong feature of the Scotch character and ia tenderness particularly his own. Here is one of his little songs, which a good example ofthese qualities : " The midges dance aboon the buo,,. The dews begin to fa', The pairtricks doon the rushy holm Set up their e'ening ca'; Now loud and clear the blackbird's song Rings through the briery shaw, . While flitting gay, the swallows play Around the castle wa'. "Beneath the golden gloamin' sky The maris mends her lay, Theredlbreast pours his sweetest strains. STo charm the ling'ring day ; While weary yeldrmns seem to wail Their little nestlings torn, SThe merry wrei, fran den to den, Gaes jinking through the thorn. " The roses fauld their silkin leaves, The foxglove shuts its bell, The honeysuckle and the hirk Shed fragrance throeugh the dell; Let others crowd the giddy court Of mirth and revelry, The simple joys that nature yields Are dearer farto me." There is more real understanding of, and tender love for, that which men call na ture in these three verses than in" whole Scantos of poets who are praised while Robert Tannahill is hlardly remembered. SYet his sweetheart-who subsequently Smarried a person- of the name of Pinker. ,ton- frequently expressed her fears that S"Rob would write a song about hler." SShe need not have feared much. Of such Spoor material as she must have been were the Lauras and Fornarinas that painter and poet have made immortal. The Scotch are a curious race. They are all Spoetically inclined after the fifth glass of toddy. Very few of them care much for the MIuses the. next morninsg, though. I yet some of the most bIeautiful songs in our language-if dialects be included --we owe to them. Still it is, to say the least, a singular, if not characteristic, circum stance that a number of Scotchmen should I meet together to-drink to the memory of the man whomn their forefathers allowed to commit suicide through want, in the full prime of his powers. Tannahill was only 36 years of age when he drowned himself in a well. So that, if he did not live well, he died well. Eler,.' 