' -BOXING DAY. - It is almost ft pity, for tho sake of those atiiietes who are entered for to day's eventB, that Cliristmas Day and the sports in aid of the two local in- Btitutions. are so near togotlior. A Spartan simplicity of appetite )b never very, pleflsnnti but tthen eVoryone else is indulging m the pIQaaftf-es of plum pudding, - minco pies, and other deli- cscies of the season, it mnatho a hard -task to etick 'to training diet and. to console tho appetite with .the thought of fcne sports on tbo morrow. Yce- ?7 ',aB 6ono hke yesterday's plum pudding — peace to their fragments, '/i Judging by, tho number of entpios for tho different ovents o'f 'both sports the competition; should ho koon, and if tho public patronise a fair field and no favour as . well as in past times, the. attendance of spectators will bo Humerpusi At Armstrong's paddock, wliero the Band have pitohed their tent, a pleasant day's outing is ; pro mised, varied by the strains of the combined bands of Albury and Corowa and such amusements as dancing on the green, rowing, swimming, &o.;, while a grand open-air show of negro .minstrelsy, presided over by : Silvoy Rehforth, who has solved the problom —Can tho Ethiopian change hiB skin P is a novplty that promises .to, bo well supported. A line of coaches run ning all day between tho township and tho ; scone Of Operations ! mike's the paddock easy of ' access, While in the hands of Mr... Camplin tho, catering- is ' like' thh' Quoon of Spain,' above sus picion. .. ..... i: ; Tho .Brigade have 'choaoh to camp on their ancient ; .hattle- gronnd-rftho sceno of so many hard-fought con tests — and havo offered s tempting programme,:, resembling indeed -the fabled fairy pudding ; that was all pldnis. and' . no dough'.' Foot-rocipg, bicycliDg, and Hurdle . . jumping: . are th'eri for patrons of afhlatiqi, while tho fairer portion of the cbmpiunity are offered a Splendid promenade to tho music of Chandler's 'band. Thi scene of tbo festivities is handy to thb township, a groat advantage in point of cheapness, and within a pleasant walk, from Corowa and Wabgunyah. Mrs, Thomson looks after . the re; frsshmont bar, which is arranged in: the pavilion. After dark, tho " Coraicon Brothers" is billed. at, tho School of Arts. . No' oxponse has boon spared in tho pro duction of tho ghost scenes, thel tableaux of tho crowded opera house) tho supper-room, and the duel to the death' ore eagerly anticipated. A dance follows the ontortsinment to) the. music, of -Chandler's band. At Wabgunyah, also, there is a hall, .the Albury and Corowa hands finding thai music. '' | 