THE ABBE CURCI BECOMES RECON CILED TO THE CHURCH. A striking instance of the supreme disipline of the Church and of the profound veneration tliroixghout the Orders for its visible Head has just been Avitnessed in Rome, Father Cruci, an able and highly accomplished Jesuit, published a couple of works entitled 'The Ncav Italy' and 'The Royal Vatican,' in Avhich opinions of a most pernicious tendency were expressed: It is quite possible the intention of the Avorks Avas by no means so malignant as their language and suggestiveness, but their extreme licence and the errors of some of the doctrines propounded gave grave offence at the Vatican, and afforded the enemies of the Church, both in the Press and in private, an opportunity of welcoming .Father Curci as a brave and enlightened 'thinker.' His Holiness some time ago issued an encyclical bitterly lamenting the publication of the Avorks, but unequivocally condemning them and their author, Avho was deprived of his sacerdotal rank and privileges. This encyclical Avas received Avith manifest glee by the relentless enemies of tho Church, Avho thought they recog nised in the dispute an incipient schism. The Holy Father, however, circulated a second letter in Avhich he renewed the condemnation already pronounced, and fully approved of the stern measures taken against Father Curci by the Sacred Congregations of the Holy Father. ' The publication of such views could not fail to bo the cause of scandal or ot' error, at this time especially when minds are so easily prone to novel opinions — and the more so that their author had some reputation, not only from his priestly character and his long connection Avith the illustrious Society of Jcsus/lnit also from his talent.' While endorsing tho suspension of Father Curci the Pontiff expressed his poignant sorrow at the obstinacy of the man, exhorting the Arch bishop of Florence, to whom the communi cation AViis addressed, to join with his clergy in prayer for the illumination of the unhappy Avanderer. Hit; Holiness expressed his own confidence in the ultimate contrition of Father Curoi, and a hope tthat by a conversion. of the will the author of the condemned works! Avould himself condemn what he had written, and avouM submit his judgment to the authority of lawful poAver. The hope of Leo XIII has been fully and completely realised. Father Curci has Avritten a letter to the Unita Cattolioa, express ing his full submission to the Vatican authority and stating that because of that reverence he has CA7cr professed and still professes for the Catholic Church and her visible Head he condemns Avhat ever there ma.y be in his last three Avorks inserted in the ' Index Libroruni Prohibitorum ' against either faith, morals, discipline, or the rights of the Church herself. The satisfaction which this full retractation must afford to the Church throughout the Avorld is only equalled by tho chagrin and disgust it Avill bo to those Avho made Father Curci their hero, Avhile he Avas in a posi tion to injure and besmear the interests of tho Church's faith. wxi Liie contents oi wie j. ope s xju&tei; lu wiu Archbishop of Florence having been communi cated to Father Curci, he addressed a letter to the Unita Cattolica, Avith a request to give ita contents the widest publicity, of Avhich the fol lowing is an accurate translation : ' HaA'ing, by the Letter of the Pontiff to tho Archbishop of Florence, dated the 27th of August, arrived at full and entire certainty that in my last three publications, inserted in the Index libro rum prohibitortim, the legitimate ecclesiastical authority has noted divers things worthy of blame, I believe it to be my duty to make the fol loAving declaration, to which I would desire to give the publicity Avhich justice requires : ''Acting on the respect I have always pro fessed, and which I do profess, for the Catholic Church and its visible Head, I censure and con demn OArerytiiing m those works which is contrary to the faith, morals, discipline, and rights of that same Church. And I Avish this to be understood, not according to my own private judgment, Avhich I renounce with all my heart, but according to the judgment of those to whom the Holy Ghost has given the ruling of God's Church.' ' I trust that the sincere expression of these sentiments, which are mine, may repair the scan dal I may haAre given ; but above all, I trust that, by this means, his Holiness will receive back, with his former fatherly benevolence, as the hum blest of his sons in Jesus Christ, the undersigned, ' C. M. Curci, Priest/' Nothing could bo more full or unreserved or generous in its terms than this letter, and amid' the many trials of his position, his Holiness can' tiOAv count at least one great consolation. Lecture on IIenby Kendall. — Mr. P. J. HoldsAvorth delivered a delightfully interesting and able lecture at Paddington on Monday evening. The Hon. W. J. Trickett occupied the chair. Nu merically, no audience that could have assembled in even the capacious hall could have been a suffi ently high compliment to an intellectual treat of so high an order. Tracing the life of his hero from childhood, Mr. Holdsworth, in a graceful and graphic manner, recalled a history sunned with resplendant genius and shadoAved with sad misfor tune. Copious quotations were aptly introduced, and a singularly opportune hit Avas ventured Avhen the lecturer, deprecating the worship of muscle and brute force, promised his hearers that when . the names of champion oarsmen Avere lost in ob livion, Henry Kendall should shine brightly amongst the stars m the literary firmament. A vote of thanks, proposed by Mr. P. Burke and seconded by Mr. W. P. Crick, Avas heartily ac corded to the entertaining lecturer. Mr. Holds Avorth, it may be mentioned. Avas an intimate per sonal friend of the gifted poet. A Dreadful Accident. — Hoav many lives aro lost, how many limbs broken, bodies mutilated, ; in each year, by the attempts to drill out ineffective blasts ? The total upon the New South Wales railway works alone would be startling. Tho latest is reported from Bungendore. One man killed on the spot, and three so seriously injured that little hope is entertained of their recovery. ? It is rather like the record of a miniature battle than an incident in ordinary labour ; and why should it have occurred ? It avouM be Avell if there were a little more regulation upon tho ? matter of blasting in railway Avork by ordinary . navvies. The Old. Complaint. — A meeting of the Board of Directors of the Randwick Asylum was held at the Toavii Hall on Wednesday afternoon. The Very Rev. Dr. Sheridan called attention to an ??' entry which had been made on the minutes ? respecting a request made by a Avonian to the ; effect that her daughter, Avho Avas about to become an inmate of the institution, should be brought up in accordance Avith the Church of England re ligion. He said he thought this Avas a very serious ? matter, and that the committee of the institution : had departed from the usual custom by complying with the request of the mother. It Avas usual for the wishes of the father in such cases to receive due consideration. Ho called attention to the matter in order that the committee inight recon sider rit. Mr. Graham, in reply to Dr Sheridan, stated that the father of the child in question had deserted his family, and that no request had been made by him. If Dr. Sheridan wished he could obtain the papers in the case and peruse them himself. An Important Point. — In Banco on Friday the Judges decided a question arising out of a claim for property bought on time- payincnt system. It was an appeal against a District Court decision in the case of Ezold v. Stephen. The latter, one of the official assignees, had seized a piano in the estate of one Azud Ali. It had been bought off Mr. Ezold on the time-payment system, and at ' the time of seizure had not been fully paid for. In the trial of Ezold v. SteiJien to recover the piano, tho Judge decided for the defendant, but did not say Avhether his judgment rested upon fact or upon laAv. Thin omission prevented the higher Court from interfering with his decision. ' It may be inferred from the words of both Judges that this system of selling goods ought to be re cognised. Judge Innes said he thought the custom Avas so avoII established that the Court ought to ' take official cognizance of it. NotAvithstanding the ,;. tormal decisions m tins cast-, it may be taken,. therefore, that for the future this usage Avill bo ' regarded as being Avell established. Skinny Hun. — ' Wells' Hedlth Iteuowor' restores health find vigour, cures Dyspepsia, Impotence, Debility. At (Irufjtjiafcs. Mokcs Moss & Co., Sydney, Agents. — Abvt. ' Kouon on Corns.' — Ask for W oils, ' Roiifjli on Corns.' : Quick relict', complete', permanent cure. (Jorns, waits* ? bunioua, Moses Moss & Co., Sydney, Agents,-— APYT. 