OUIL OIEO L?_lrl ... . (rRO OUt OIWN CORReISPONDENT.) Thursday. July 3. . There.are great, complaints from the miners and others resident betweeon Omeo Plains and Zulu on aecount of their being deprived of ,the mail service from OmDo. Some years since, when Sassafras Creoek was first discovered, ehich led to the opening of Crilbage and Zulu creeks. the community of ODoo be stirred themselves in getting tracks out and the tounlnries of the mining divisions so altered that the great-r part of the busi tess evas transeoted with Omeo. In the coorse of time a mail from Oneo toZnul followed, and proved a great boon to the residents in the locality. Thie breaking out of the' DarklRiver .ciused attention to bJa drawn to tlmhat side of the range, and agitations were at once set on foot to have tite boundaries of the districts re-altared to suit the convenience of the miners : If the agitators stoppe.l at this nothing need be said, for the inhabitants may reasonably be supposed to know'in whitch direction their best interest lies. It is a different matter, however, when stops are taken to abolish the mail fom Omeo to Zulu, antl this has been neecomplishel. The corres pondence from Omeo to Zulu has hitherto been considerable, and under the present arrangements their letters, etc., will reach themn via Melbourne, thus cau:ing along delay and a deal of incovenienesa. I-under stand a petition has been dtatnan up and numerously signed to hare the neail re established and in the interest ofOmeo as wvell as the-petitioners themselves, this should receive attention and support. Oar much respected P.M.. lIr. Wheeler, as wanited upon to-day by a person named Mary Ah Fong, who applied for a warrant against Mr.,Ah Pone on the ground that he intended to desert her. It appeared the worthy Celestial had just returned from a trip to the Flowery Land. where forgetting his conjugal obligations to marry, he had wickedly entered into a matrimonisl con tract with faescinating daughter of the Sun. Having to return on business matters (for our Mongolian is a man of means), the fact of his second marriage leaked out. and Mary became furious and refused to be comforted. - In every act of her fickle opouse she saw a hankering after her Chinese ir?al, until at length her feelings overeame her, and shie took action as above stated. In her interview writh the P.R. the following is said to have occurred: PX.I.-"'Are you married to MIr. Ah Fong P" MIary-" Yes. we were married by the ReF. Mr.'lourke.inthe court houses" P.1I. "Is your husband a Christian i". Mary "Don't know, but I do know that before our marresge he wos properly'" analysedtY P.:h--"And the result P.' Mary--" An adopted child-" It is said the magistrtle preserved a solemn demeanor, not even the ghost of a smile showing on his face-and granted the warrant at once. Some one has since suggested that Mary desired to convey the fact that her husband was properly "naturalised." 