Iftovelist AFTER MANY DAYS. ? By R. P. WHITWORTH. CHAPTER V. (continued.) A few days more and we were speeding down the shallow waters of Port Chalmers, bound for Melbourne; and yet again a few days, and we were tossing on the rolling seas of Bass's Straits, steaming as fast as the mail ship could bear us for the shores of England. Ten years had we been absent, and during that time what changes might not have occurred ? For myself, except that my father was, as I had learnt from his letters, failing, none could have happened that mattered much. But for Jack. What if Beatrix Walton had forgotten him ? What if she had married ? What if she were dead ? Such things, all of them liad happened, were happening continu ally. And Jack, although he said nothing— for, by a tacit understanding, we had come never to speak on the subject—grew moody and anxious as the days went by. The orien tal mingled splendor and tawdriness of Ceylon; the wide-stretching deserts of Arabia; the ancient monuments of Egypt; the water streets of Venice; the faded mag nificence of Padua, Verona, Milan, Turin, and other old Italian cities ; that wonderful piece of engineering between Modane and La Praz; the Mont Cenis tunnel; the gaieties of Paris; although each and all were matters of sur prise and delight to me, for I had never seen them before, to him had no charm. He passed through them and by them without comment, almost without notice. His only thought, his only wish, was to be moving onward, ever onward. We parted in London, I to stay a day or two with some friends before going home, he to seek his, it might be, lost, still unforgotten, love at Castlecomer. Alas, poor Jack 1 He heard all too soon, at his father's house, the s id story. It was an old, old tale. The pride of the Waltons had indeed been brought low. The wealth of that purseproud man who had driven him into exile had vanished like the morning mist before the sun. Mr. Walton had speculated in railways, foreign bonds, tin, copper, what not ? and had lost. Then, with the mercan tile gambler's mad infatuation, he had risked more and more, had risked his all, in short; and had risen from an untasted breakfast one morning, haggard, ghastly, and bowed, find ing himself a ruined man. The blow had killed him; and, even while the poor corpse was being borne to its last resting place, in tJtie old cemetery at Castlecomer, the creditors or their representatives were taking an inventory at Walton Court. Miss Walton, pale and broken-hearted, had remained in the house with her young brother until the day of the funeral, when she hacL been taken away by a gentleman, a relative it was supposed, wiho had suddenly come over from England, and who had then as suddenly disappeared. That was all that Jack could learn. She whom he had come so many thousands miles to find, had gone, no one knew whither, had disappeared as effectually as if the sea had swallowed her up. Poor Jack. It was a cruel blow for him, and all the more cruel from the uncertainty. Had she been dead, nay, had she been even married, he might have, after a time, found solace from Time, the great healer; but the absolute ignorance of any clue by which the painful suspense might be ended, was more than he could bear. He became moody and discontented, and spent his days in wandering aimlessly about, especially along the bank of the Nore to the spot where he had first seen her, a spot now held sacred'in his eyes. Certainly he enquired at Tom Ryan's, the Castlecomer Hotel, regarding this stranger who had borne away his Beatrix in such a mysterious manner, and by means of sundry shillings slipped into the hands of Jerry the groom and pretty Nelly llooney the house maid, extracted the information Lhat the gentleman's name was, as it was thought, Thompson or Johnson, that he did not look much like " Wan of the rale quality itself," that, so far as could be remembered, he came from Carlow by the coach on the day of the funeral, and went back next day, taking with him Miss Walton and Master Maurice, " and ghe, poor dear young lady, as white and whisht as a ghost, crjing for her dead father, and maybe for somebody else in furrin parts, who ought to have been there to eomfort her, but wasn't." This last from Nelly Eooney, by which it will be seen that Nelly had, as they say, eyes in her head, and was able to see as far through a millstone as other people. He went to Carlow, and by dint of enquiry and a further expenditure of shillings, found out from one of the stable boys who came from Castlecomer, and who knew Miss Walton by sight, that the party he was asking after had come by the coach, stopped for dinner at the Feathers Inn, and gone on, presumably for Dublin. To Dublin he followed, and there, by way laying the clerks at the various shipping offices, and by the process of what is known in Australia as " shouting " freely, he induced them to look back their passenger ticket blocks to the date he gave, and discovered that a Mr. Thompson and a Miss and Master Walton had sailed on such and such a day, by the steamship Emerald, for Holyhead. Here the trail stopped, the track was lost. Holyhead meant nowhere, or rather it meant everywhere, for it was but the starting point to the network of railways that ramified England—east, west, north, and south. Bat ' he went to Holyhead nevertheless, and then he went to where everybody goes, to London, calling on me at the quiet rectory in Cheshire, to aid him in his search. Poor fellow, my heart bled to see his careworn face, and I could refuse hun nothing. But our quest was futile. In vain we advertised in the agony columns of the London and many of the provincial papers. In vain we offered rewards for information. In vain we subsidised Scot land Yard. Nothing came of it, until the "hope deferred that maketh the heart sick " was at length worn out, and we both, tired of a life of inaction, weary of London and of England, turned oar faces once more toward the blue skies and swelling plains of the great Southern land, so long our home. * * * » * And thus came it that in the train which was rapidly carrying us from Sydney to Mel bourne, did Jack say to me, as related at the commencement of this story, "I wonder whether we shall meet any of our old mates of the Shotover?" And now came about another of those turns in fortune's wheel so inexplicable and so un looked for. " Nothing happens but the im probable," says some philosopher, and of all incidents in this strange eventf ul history, none so strange as this. Seated in the same compartment of the carriage, and nearly opposite me, was an elderly man, intent on reading a newspaper. I had taken no particular notice of up to then, beyond a few passing words, but I ob served that as Jack and I conversed, he looked over the top of his paper, and scrutinised us narrowly. " I think," he said at last, " I heard you mention the Shotover, sir." " Yes," I replied, were speaking of the place." " The Shotover in New Zealand, I presume you mean ? " " The same, sir." "Ah," he said, "its carious, I was there once, myself." " Indeed! so were we." " Ah 1 I don't seem to recollect you, and yet, maybe you might have heard of me. Bill the packer they used to call me. I was packing from Queenstown to the Shot, and the Arrow for many a year." We have heard of him by repute, but as of one of the old hands who had left before our time. Our conservation soon drifted away from the familiar subject of mining, and the men we had mutually known on the various diggings, to general topics. He had been home he told us, on a matter of business, but had returned some two years before, and had taken up his residence in Melbourne, where, with the money he had accumulated by his lucrative calling of a packer in New Zealand, he had established himself in business. Jack did not take any part in the conver sation. He seemed as was frequently is wont to be buried in reverie, and I was too well ac customed to his moods to attempt to disturb him. My new friend remarked as much in an undertone. " Yes," I replied in the same key, " poor Jack he has had a sad disappointment, a bitter grief in the old country, and has not yet re covered from the effect of it." "Jack," said my companion, "is that his name? " " Yes, Jack to me, dear old Jack Butler, the best fellow ." "Butler! Butler! I surely know that name. Let me think. Why God bless my soul," whispered the stranger excitedly, " it cannot surely be possible. Tell me, does y©ur friend come from Ireland ? " ! " He does. He is one of the Butlers of Kil kenny." The man stared at me, and then at Jack as if, in sheer amaze, he could scarcely believe the evidence of his senses; " are you sure ? " he whispered at last," Jack or rather John Butler, youngest son of Beginald Butler cf the Elms near Castlecomer ? " " The same, I am his cousin, and know him to be." But why ? " I asked, as much sur prised as my questioner. _ " I'll tell you by and bye," he replied hur riedly; and in fact there was no time for further converse then, as the train with a warning shriek was slowing for Albury, and presently glided smoothly up to the station. But my new friend contrived to get the seat next me on the box of the omnibus, that in those days connected the New South Wales Terminus with the Victorian one at Wodonga, and during the two miles drive imparted to me something which set my blood surging through my veins, and which almost caused me to sing aloud in a very rapture of delight. " And mind," he said at parting as he wrung my hand warmly, and pressed into it a card bearing his name and address in Melbourne, " The day after to-morrow is Christmas day, you come and dine with me. Say nothing, but bring him with you, and please God there shall be to more than one heart, atruly happy Christmas. I remain here until to-morrow. Don't forget. The old fashioned mid-day dinner, one sharp." » * * * * How I ever refrained from bursting into song, how I abstained from flinging my arms round dear old Jack's neck and telling him all I had learned at any moment during that long railway ride to Melbourne and the next two days, I hardly know, but I did, and verily I had my reward. But Christmas Day came, and I must carry out the programme. At first Jack did not want to go, but I insisted; nay, made it a personal matter that he should, and he gave way. j "But why are you so anxious for me to dine with this person ? " he asked diffidently. I " Ah J Jack, dear boy, if you only knew!" "You seem strangely moved, Larry," he said; "have been for the last two davs. What is it, old chap." " Good news, old boy; great news, glorious news. Why, Jack, pluck up heart of grace, and smile as you shall smile before this day be done, or I'm a Dutchman. What! Jack Butler going to eat his Christmas dinner with the face of a mute at a funeral. Not so; re member the words of your favorite Long fellow, " Be still, sad heart! and cease repining ; Behind the clouds is the sun stilL shining." ! He smiled wearily and said, "True; but not for me, Larry, not for me." To which I returned the vague ambiguity, " We shall see what we shall see.' VAt half-past twelve we started from the White Hart Hotel, where we sojourned, to walk to our friend's house in East Melbourne, I and I thought it time to prepare Jack for what to him would, I doubted not, be the most pleasant surprise of his life. " Supposing you could have what you wished for on this gracious day, Jack, what would it be," I asked. " Suppose, suppose, suppose the heavens were to fall. What's the use of supposing ? " he said. ° " Well, but suppose." " Larry, old Mend, I have nothing to wish, nothing to hope for; with me even hope is now dead." " Hope is never dead; hope cannot die. What says the poet ? 4 Hope springs eternal in the human breast.' " " Yes," he replied bitterly, " but finish the couplet, 'Man never is, but always to be, blest.5" "Exactly—always to be blest—and you, dear old chappie, shall be blest, and that sooner than you anticipate." He stopped, and looked me straight in the face. " What do you mean, Larry ? " he said. There has been something strange about you for the last day or two that I cannot make out. What is it ? " "Wait and see," and with that for the moment he had to be content. We arrived at the house we were bound for as the iiost office clock was booming one. Evidently we were expected, for our friend opened the door himself even as I rang. " Have you told him ? " he said to me. " No," I replied; " I have left that for you to do, Mb. Thompson." " Mr. Thompson 1" said Jack hoarsely, staggering and turning pale. M Great God! Is it possible that " " Everything is possible. As the angelic choir sang nearly nineteen hundred years ago, so I say now, "Behold, I bring y«u tidings of great joy I" "And she—Beatrix—?" gasped Jack faintly. "Go into that room. She is expecting you." "Jack looked at our host like a man in a dream, but he opened the door of the room denoted. A moment, and there was a great ecstatic cry, as Mr. Thompson, closing the door softly, took me by the arm, and with a suspicious moisture in his eyes, led me away, saying, " I think we've managed that very nicely, but we are no longer needed here. Gome into the dining room and we'll drink their healths. I've had dinner delayed for half an hour, as I thought they might have something to say to each otw, imd in the meantime I'd like to have a crack with you." * * * » * It is night. I lay down my pen. My story is finished. And, yet hardly so, for even now, another Christmas Day, I have received letters from home, sent up from my office. Some of them I lay aside to read later, but one I open. I know the hand writing, and read. Part of it runs thus:— „ Walton Court, Castlecomer, Ireland. "DearLarry,—' For so Jack insisted on my calling you; this will, as we calculate, reach you in far away Melbourne about Christmas, and I send it wishing you all the compli ments of the season. We had your last letter in due course, and were glad to hear that my brother, Maurice, was getting on so well. As you will see, we are settled in the old house; Uncle Thompson bought it, and insisted on making it over to me as a wedding portion. We have just been to the Elms. You will be glad to learn that papa and mamma are well. Ted has at last got his captaincy, and George has a good ap pointment as manager of an iron works at Gefle in Sweden. Ellen has had another, a girl this time, who is to be called after me ; and Kate is to be married next month. He is one of the Powers (Charles) of Abbeyleix, not far from here, and is a barrister in fair practice. Baby—you know, we have called him Lawrence—is well and thriving. He is the loveliest and most wonderful, &c.;, &c.;, &e.;" (Here comes half a page about the baby, and a few lines about other matters, which I will, if you please, skip). " Jack writes you by this mail. Oh Larry! dear Larry, do you remember that Christmas Day ? I am sure you do. God bless you. Gt)d bless you. Amen. Is the wish and prayer of the happiest woman in Ireland. "BeATBIX BuTIiEE." Of course there is a postscript, but the words swim, and the lines seem blurred. I cannot read. I walk softly to the window and look out. It had been a wet evening, but " the rain had ceased to fall, the sky had cleared, save where the fleecy rack sped across it, and the moon was shining brilliantly in the heavens," just as it did on that eventful Christmas night on the Bhoulder of the Wakatipu range in 1870, when I pointed it out to Jack as an omen of good fortune, the good fortune that came indeed " After many days." The End. 