THE DEATH OF THE OLD TEAR. FULL knee-deep lies the winter snow,' And the winter winds are wearily sighing, Toll ye the church-bell sad and slow, And tread softly and speak low, For the Old Tear lies a-dying. Old year, you must not die; You oame to us so readily, Ton lived with us so steadily, Old Year; you shall not die. He lieth still: he doth not move: He will not see the dawn of day- He bath no other life above. He gave me a friend, and a true true-love, And the New Year will take'em away. Old Year, yon must not go; So long as you have been with us, Such joy as you have seen with us, Old Year, you shall not go. He froth'd his bumpers to the brim; A jollier year we shall not see. But tho* his eves are waxing dim, And tho' his. foes speak ill of him, He was a friend to me. . Old Year, you ehalTnot die; We did so laugh and cry with you, I've half a mind to die with .you, Old Yepx, if you must die. :. He was full of joke and jest, But all'his merry quips are o'er. To see him .die, across the waste His son and heir doth ridepost-haste, Bat he'll be dead before. Every.one for his own. The night is starry and cold, my friend, And the.jgjTew Year blithe and bold; t^y friend, Comes-up to take Us own. How hard he breathes! over the 'snow I heard'just now the crowing cock. The shadowsflicker t6 and fro, The cricket chirps; the light burns low; 'Tis nearly twelve O'clock. Shake hands, before.you die. Old Year, we'll dearly rue for you What ifl it we can do for you? Speak out before you die. •' His face id growing "sharp and thin. Alack!' oux friend is gone. COose up his eyes: tie up his chin: Step'from the oorpse, and let him in That st&ndsth; there alone, And waiteth at the door. & There's a, new foot on the floor,my friend, And a new; faoe at the door, my mend, A hew faoe at the door. —Cotton Pilot. ,, TUB apostates Savarase and Oampello have established in Rome, aohuroht in which en imitation of i Mass is celebrated ia ihe Italian language and in whioh ofclflbranta are vested w the.«l7le.of -OathoUo prieStS.i 1£her have iucui^ed tiketeeverpst censure 4>t the Ohura^. andit wUIfdlonall friio identify themsali'1 < ith thngp twetipa. io.'. •'-•"• Hi. ztBonm, giring in Longman'* Msg - aa -4ooOont «Mtis ^ea8tine trip in ^o > way, fell fool of the formal hypoorisy of t invocation of the Holy Ghost by deans aii' ohapt^sjhat they.jwy be guided aright in selectinsgp bisw|^ already chosen by the Prime Emitter/ ' The sneer was deemed too etrong u2' editor, and Hr. Froude • remark &amvqpDg; the Holy Ghost was foila faWh reference to seekiug a Providential giddanoe. 