Bombaia Budget. ' . . tV.mn Hvm'mla 2\i/m;.J l'HKNpVTlsuiAN.— Thoprcsl.yloryof Afanari) mot in Boii)li:ila nn VVudueedny, thu 5tli November. Present: — liev. \V. liakor, Ilov. K. liissett, Itev. \V. Bnrduor, mid Mr. W. Jardine, older. Mr. \V. Ruther ford, .I.P., Minto, ft «nod friend to thn c!iur«li, htlciiiloii and tool; an intelM^onl nnd nanivRt intorott in tho ilelihoratinnn of the Court. On the motion of Sir. Win. .Inrdiue, vecnmleii by Rev. W. Baker, tho ]lov. E. UisooltT Conina, was appointed modernt'ir of tho presbytery for the ensu ing year. Ho hIso acted aa moderator pro turn., Kev. J. H. Arehibniil, M'omya, boiitR unavoidably ab.sunt. Afti-r the ininutos of (hn previous i:iu«lin^ were It ad ami con flrnicid, thu division of thu Uimiim chnrjie was considcrad, und aflnr iluo (lulilwratioii j it was unanimously n^rccil to obtain, if j possihlo for the priwiiit, a ealuchisl to ; assist Mr. Hisiul.t in liih unions laljoru in ' tlmt «iH-' -!i?!.:ict. Tho ««-?. K. ISiaau!!, and tho Kev. W. Gardner to i-xc1iani:u i' Fi'brn-iry. Mr. Ganlnor *o uiran^e with Mr. Hoss to Iiiivo this matliT carricil nut, j by vi«ilin(! Oooma coiujrcj^ilioii with him i lo raise funds to support a entuchist in ! said charge. On inijuiry it v-.m found that, the lic^a congrcp;atiou owed Mr. U.-lkov ' III fts. Tho Ruv. W. Gardner was metnicU-il to hnvo naid sum paid to Mr. linker wit'i ! as litile dohy as piwsible. -Mission roiiorts ' allowed that lioinbala haJ aciit in 0i 7s. for ; thu church extension, and U for thu foreign ^ mission, Ministers and ciiuijro^.ilifins woru ' iuslrnctod to have the niiBsi'-i cullvuLinna | taken up, and also tu have tb ? '.?'seinbly j expenses paid up to dale, :is i ? us may ! do conveuieiiL. wu me ino-t.iL.M oi ni.r. IJalier, seconded by Mr. Jariliue, the liisv, R. M'Kiiinon was nouiiniited muduratorof the Assembly fi.r the cimiiin^ year ; the lt«v. .1. H. Archibiild ivas appoiutod mem ber fur the counuiltee nn bills and over turning ; Iho Hov. 1£. liissott m\ the otaml iuj; committees ; awl tho JIbv. \V. GardiUT corresponiient nioiiilior for tiie Cfitiroh Ex- , tension and Buetuutatiou ]-'un-l, nilev which i tliu Court, was closod ivith prayer. — \V. j Oaiuin-bk, Clerk. Mr. V. \i. Dawson starts this wu.il,- with I over SOU huad of store bulliicits and cows ] for (lie liipjjsland inarkut. -Tlwy are He- | ftm*ibpd nA :l vurv till,, mill). Imiiiir wi'll-hri'il and uell-Krown, and considering the state of the inarkot in Gippalniid, should realise high prices. The oommittoo of the Delegate Jockey Club ndvertiso t-ho prngrainino for tho an nual races, on 2lilh mid 2'th December IIVA^ Jllb JIiilH'.(;il J JihLU ID Jill 3_-*.U f Hilt, Ilandiciip, on lirat day, is for lifty .sovs. ; novel race, lo Burs, j and a tniUiiif,' race for 10 sovs. The Aecinnl day has live races ; the Flying Handicap and Publican's I'nrsu \ being £15 each. £l.'iO in all ia oflorcd as | prizes. Advance DulegAte. ' I'oliijI! Cur.KT.- Beforu Mr. J. (iih's, .T.I'.— Obtaining money under faleu pre tences. — Walker T. Scott, on lcmand, was cliavged by the police with obtaining money from one Ah Liiin, storekeeper, of Crai^ii', by means --t a valuolosB cin i|iie for ±'1'J ; the cheque was on the A..T. S. l-ank, and siyued Vf. Nicholiaing. Pnun theuiiileiico it appears tliat prisniior went to Ah Luni and got him to cash the clieiiuo, suying it was all light. Ah Luni, in the itttuai course of business, sent it to the ban!;, when it was found to be of no value and was m turned to him. Ah Lv.m then saw prisoner about it, who replied that the cheijuo mm all right, and was M^r. T. Ivicholsnu's, and tl(o» iianded lf- the Cliinawaii in esch~.»i'o a chouuo for £10 10b.. drawn in favor of W. H. Silver, signed by W. Nioliolising ; ho ulso gave him 10s. in cash, .vtd add^d 'I owe you £l 10s.' The second cheque when it was sent to the bank nroiised sus picious, and the accouut.'U-t placed it in the hands of the police. J'riso'ior u-as arrested atCraigio oil the 30th October, by Brst claas Constable Lea and Constable Christy ; after considerable trouble and searching all night they eventually found him at thu Bi^ Bog at midnight, and escorted him to Bom bala, arriving at 0 a.m. Prisoner was ro nianded from time to time, and on Wed nesday was committed for trial nt tho next Cootua Quarter Sessions. Bail allowed, but not forthcoming. Kit. J. B. J'ATTifliSosv, M.L.A., of \rictoiia, I'ctumod from Ktijrland by the Orient utnaiuer 'lately. In an interview with a reporter of the : Herald on the iiret tnoruinjf, he observed, . rogaiYliug* thu nociul coudition of tlie old land: * — ' Tliere is uot *o inuiji poverty in England as I expected, or at least I did uot soo it. Still tho workiug inrn of VinUnin are iu a; paraSiso compared to those oi England. jThcy ?work very anuch shorter hours, and in oveiy way their position is bettor. Ab an agvi diltuml eouutry l'.nglanil is giving uj) tJie ghost. Agriculture nannot or xh not mane to pay. HB;!a«at food «uppb'en are nearly ail foreutu. iShe weaWiy classes wuut tbo Jand for ornamental purposes, ttud buy it at prices on which they eannal ,jrct one ^wr ceut. i'lity. ,t«rn it into purks or somcUiing of that eort.; The ISnglish ngiieidtural laboi'er docs not peem to me tu bavo any :unbition to hotter his, condition.' Ho in a vogolaile, and grows on tjir ostate like any other vcgetaUc' Ves; lio isBatisfied witli the state into which God has coital liira, and the clergyman evury week,, uutructed' porliajis by the squire, toadies him, that he should «» tliankfnl that Ood .allows iiim to woi-k from funr in the morning until' ««eycn or eight in tliu waning. 3io jtoofl home tiiaukf ul -it Js so— in fact lio swim thaqUul hoiBallowod tolivcataU. 1 could not bdt bu struck by tbo roepoct or ci»11ity pi people in Enghind.. Th£«e are no larrikins, aa wo under stand them, or.Idid not«a,thom.V By &e; way, in upaiking of English ngricuUuiv I ought to iitve lenienibercd the old story of the town man invited to enjoy liimself at a. f nnn Iiouhc. At iraJrf asi he asked for bajn mid «gg«, And _wa» told 'Thi: ham has JWt. yet airivod from Jjondou, sad we expect the eggs by neit traiu.' - That iiidicates W'bttt is tho Condition of Hie fanners in Entrlaud.' \- The Hon. A. StuArt, Colonial Sebretaiy, is ngradnaily.tggaining lus hcaltli and . strength, ,aud has . during. tbo iast two or tiiree flaya cuioj-oiliiioveB axuinidtJiodumaitiJiud Jtooro ?r-ui.,.:Ha' in at tunra-nblOi to .Walt a tkoii ^tAnce:witiiol»t (supiwrt, V ipnSaturday morn - 