BIROUGHITON CREEIK. ON Friday evening, July 8, a literary entertainment was held in the school-room, Broughton Creek, and was given by the members of the local literary and debating society with the double intention of raising f rid?'for morre efliciently pursuing the objeet' of the Society an) of interrating the piblie in il, wor'l by p~o ao ti. to thoe a Anpmesivht hieber and colne "i toliC?tuol frm of recreaition than in usually found i.t local concerts. It meut he admitted th:t rhe experiment ivas an eminently succen. (ml ntine in both respects. The room was eow4gds, And mgq ral vysiitoror warp unablg ?, obtai nkdblsion. Thuse the aitmosphore vas' ronde'rei'insufferably hot, and the great need of a large, hall in Broughton Creek, suitable for well-attended indoor gather ings, was made very sonspieuous. Although the programme was rather long it sut tained to the last the' intorest orf the audi euce, 'which was morn prodigal of its applause than is usually the case except when somne popular comedian sings a comic song or relates a piece of broad farce. Punctually at 7 30 p.m., the president of the Society (Rov. J. Dymock) took. the chair, and in a short opening speech an nounced the objects of the meeting. He mentioned that the numbor.of members of the Society had largely increased of late, and concluded by inviting those present to attend the ordinary meetings and to be cdme active 'participators in the transac tioria. He' theni called on Mr. P. Solway, who read Ajrtom's " Execution of ont-. rose." This was followed by a comic reci tation by Mr. M. Pulman. .Rev. I. AM. Laverty next recited Tonnyson's " Lady Clare." This was succeeded by the dia logue from Sceone 2 of Act III. of Shakos ?oare's " King Henry VIII." Rev. Luke Parr. had undertaken thol.pait of the Cardinal, with Mr. Jas. Ste'vart as hi; interlocutor, but was unfortunately unabl, to be present, so.his plade was filled at a few hour's notice by Dr.iLe}vers.; Conse quently this was the weakest 'item- on the programme. The fifth number was a comic recitation by Mr. J. W. Roots; the sixth was the recitation by Mr. W. Gray, junr., of the stanzas on " Waterloo" from Byron's " Childoe Harold." Next came " Rambling Remarks" road by Mr. W. M'Kerrow. No. 8 consisted of a represen tation of Scenes 2, 4, and 5 of Act I. of Shakespeare's " Hamlet," the rblesof Han let, Horatio, Mardellus, ]Bernardo, and the Ghost; being assumed by Messrs. W. Gray, junr., A. J. Colley, Mi. Pslman, E. Thompson, and T. R. Leowers, respectively. Mr. J. O.' Miller then read " Harry Dashington," which was followed by a humorous recitation by Mr. W. J. Caldwell. Mr. W. Cox recited the "Downfall of Poland," whereupon Mr. W. Gray, jun.,) reading Hood's "Parental Ode " en sued. The concluding number on the pro gramme was the celebrated trial scene from Charles Dickens' popular " Pickwick Papers." This representation appealed with special effect to the enthusiastic appre. oiation of the audience, who evinced un bounded amusement during the examina tion of the various witnesses by the coun sel. Mr. English worthily uphold the dig. nit.y of the "C ourt " as Mr. Justice Stareleigh, while the majesty of the law was maintained by Mr. A. J. Colley as Sergeant Buzflu and Dr. Lowers as Sergeant Snubbia, The intelligent, en lightened, and discrimilated jurymen were represented by Messrs. E. Thompson (fore. man), John Shaunon, junr., J,. Kelly, and 0\. Host, while the machinery of justice was completed by Mr. J. W, Sproule as t.he " Clerk of Court." Mr. Hodper made a sufliciently dignified and indignant Samuel Pickwick, Esq., whose nervous friend, Mr. Winkle, was personated by Mr, J. 0. Miller, while the part of his body servant Sam Wellir. was well filled by Mr, iM. Pulman. Master H. Williams attired in widow's weeds, made a fascinating and 'sympatby-inspiring Mrs. Bardell, while :?lessrs. W. J. Caldwoll, and W. Bragg, jusr, both appropriately robed, were a duly loquacious and confiding Elizsbeth Oluppins and a straight-forward Susannah Sanders, respectively. At the conclusion of this scene Messrs. John Gray (Mlayor) .and John Stewart moved a vote of thanks to those who nhad taken part in carrying out the programme, and took occasion to advooate'the claims of the Society on all who desired to improve themselves. In re p'ying, the Revay. J. WV. Dymook thanked the, .audience for their attendance. The first verse of the National Anthem having beedi. sung, the audience separated, after having given three hearty cheers .for the chairman, 