THE BREAD WINNERS, Chatter XII. — -A Holielat sot is the Oaiexdar. Th» next morning while Fernham w&i; %t breakfast he received a note from Mr, Tom- pie in therfe words : Strikes will begin to-day, bnt will not b« general. There will be no disturbance, I think. Tbey don't seem very gritty After breakfast he walked down to the City Hall. On every street corner he saw little groups of men in rather listless conver sation. He met an acquaintance crossing the street. Have you heard the news J1 The man's face Was flushed with pleasure at having some thing to tell. 11 The firemen and stokcra have all struck, and run their engines into the round<house at JRiverley, 5 miles out. There won t be a train leave or come in for the pre sent." "Is that all V "No, that ain't a start. The Model Oil men have struck, and aro all over the North End, abutting up the other shops. They say there won't be a lick of work done in town the rest of the week." " Except what Satan finds for idle hands," iurnham suggested, sud hastened his steps a utile to the municipal buildings. N. found the chief of police in his office, suffering from nervousness and a sense of im portance, He began by remiuding him of the occurrence of the week before in the wood. The chief waited with nn nhsont ex- pression for the story to end, and then said, My dear sir, I cannot pay any attention to such little matters with anarchy threatening our city. I must protect life and property, sir — life and property." " Very well," rejoined Farnliam, " I am informed that life and property arc threatened in my own neighborhood. Can you detail a few policemen to patrol Algonquin avenue, in case of a serious disturbance i" " I can't tell yon, my dear sir ; I will do the best I can by all sections. Why man," lis cried, in a voice which suddenly grew a Bhrill falsetto in his agitation, " I tell you I haven't a policeman for every ton miles oi street in this town, I can't spare but two for my own house 1 Farnham saw the case wa9 hopeless, and went to tho office of the mayor. That official had assumed an attitude expressive of dig nified and dauntless energy. He sat in a chair tilted back on its hind feet ; the boots of tho municipal authority were' on a desk covered with official papers ; a long cigar adorned his eloquent lips ; a beaver hpt shaded his eyes. Ho did not change his attitude ns Farnham entered. He probably thought it could not be changed for the better. " Good-morning, Mr. Quinlin." " Good-morning, sorr, to yon." This sal utation was uttered through teeth shut as tightly as the integrity of the cigar would permit. " There is a great deal of talk of possible disturbance to-night, in case tho strikes ex- tend, My own neighborhood, I am told, has been dlreotly threatened. I called to ask whether, in case of trouble, I could rely on any assistance from the city authorities, or whether we must all look out for ourselves." The mayor placed his thumbs in tho arm- holes of his waistcoat, and threw his head back so that he could stare at Farnham from below his hot brim. He then said, in n measured voice, as if addressing an assembly : " Sir ! I would have you to know that the working men of Bufllaud are not thaves and robbers. In this struggle with capital they have my profound sympathy. I expect their conduct to be that of perr-fcut gentlemen. I, at least, will give no orders which may tend to array one class of citizens against another. That is my answer, sir ; I hope it dges pot disappoint you." ' " Hot in tile least," said Farnham, putting on his hat. " It is precisely what I should have expected of you." " Thank you, sir. Call again, sir." As Farnham disappeared, the chief magis trate of the city tilted his hat to one- side, shut an eye with profoundly humorous sig nificance, and said to the two or three loun gers who had been enjoying the scene ; "Tint is the sort of T-rail I am. That young gentleman voted agin me, on the ground I wasn't high-toned enough." Farnham walked rapidly to the office of the evening newspaper. He found a man in the couating-rorai, catching flies and trim ming their wings with a large pair of office shears. He said, " Can you put an adver tisement for me in your afternoon editions ?" Tho map laid down his shears, but held on to his fly, and looked at his watch. " Have you got it ready ?" "No, but I will not be a minute about it" "Be lively! Yon ihavcn't got but a minute." He picked up his scissors and resnmed his surgery, while Furnbam wrote His advertise, meut. The man took it, and threw it into a tin box, blew a whistle, and the box dis. appeared through a hole in the ceiling. A few minutes later the boya were crying the paper in the streets. The advertisement was in these words : Veterans, Attention 1 All able-bodied veteran of the Army of tbo Potomac, and osncqially of tbo Tbird Army Corps, aro requested to raeot at seven tbis evening, at No. — Public Square, From the newspaper office Farnham went to a gunsmith's. The dealer waa a German and a good sportsman, whom Farnham knew very well, having often shot with him in the marshes west of the city. His name was Leopold Grosshsmnier. There were two or three men in the place whan Farnham entered. He waited until they were gone, and then sold : "Bolty, have you two dozen repeating rifles?" " Ja wolil ! Aber, Herr Gott, was machen Sio denn dsmit?" "I don't know why I shouldn't tell von. They think there may bo a riot in town, "and they tell me at the City Hall that everybody must look out for himself. I am going to try to get up a little company of old soldiers fop patrol duty." " All right, mine captain, and I will be thq first freiwilliger. But I don't dink you wants rities. Kevolver and clubs like the uleece- men— dat's de dicket." " Hove you got them F' "Oh, yps, and the belts thereto. I got der gondract to furnish 'em to de city," " Then you will send them, wrapped up in bundles, to my office in the Square, aud come yourself there at seven." " Freilich," Baid Leopold, his white teeth glistening through his yellow beard at th» prospect of service. The men then went out ono by one, Bolty and Keudall waiting for a while after they had gone and going out on the Bide walk with Forn- bain. They had iuetinotively appointed them selves a sort of body-guard to theiroldoomman- der, and intended to keep him in sight until he got home. As they reached the door, they saw a souffle going on upon the side walk. A well-dressed inan was being beaten and kicked by a few rough fellows, and the crowd was looking on with silent interest. Farnham sprang forward and seized one of the assailants by the collar ; Bolty palled away another. The m&u; who had been cuffed turned to Kendall, who was steading by to help where help was needed, and cried, " Take me away somewhere; they will have mo Ufa;" au appeal which only excited the jeers of the crowd. "Kendall, take liira into my office, ".said Farnham, which waa done in an instant, Farnham and Bolty following. A rvuh waa made,— -not very vicious, however-r- and thp three men got safely inside with their prisp, and bolted the door. A few kiclcs aud blows shook the door, but there was no movement to break it down j and the rescued man, when ho found himself in safety, walked up to a mirror there was iu the room and looked earnestly at his faco. It was a little bruised and bloody, aud dirty with mud, but not seriously in. jurcd. Ho turned to his rescuers with an air mora of condescension than gratitude. "Gentle men, I owe you me thanks, although I should ba.ve got the better of those scoundrels in moment. , Can you assist ins in identifying them ?" " Oh ! it is Major Quinlin, I believe," said Farnham, recognising that functionary more by his voioe than by his rumpled visage. M No, I do not know who they wore. What was the occasion of this assault V \ . 'A ?10S' cowardly and infamous outrage, ! sir, said the mayor, 44 1 was walking along the side walk to ine home, and I came upon this gang of ruffians at your door. Impatient ' at being delayed— for urn tiqio is much ocoui j pied— -X rebuked them, for befog in me way i One of them turned to me aud insolently inquired, 4 Do you own this street, or h&tve; you Just got a lien on it T which unen durable insult was greeted with a loud Jaugh from the other rostBi I fflUtd then by some properly severe name, and raised me cane to force a passage— and the rest you j" « ow' w there anything I can do?' Farnham did not scruple to strike while the toon was hot. He said : "Yes, thsrs Is one thing your Honor may do, not so much for ns as lot the cause of order and good government, violated to- njght io your own parson. Know- tog the insufficiency of the means at your disposal, a few of us propose to raise 4 aub- sidiary nlglit patrol for the protection of life and property during tho present excitement. Wo would like yoa to give it your official auction." . "Do I understand it will be withont expense to my— to the city government F' Mr. Quinlin waa anxious to make a show of economy in his annual message. " Entirely," Farnham assured him. "It is done, air. Gome to-morrow morning and get what papers you want. The sperrlt u"? must be met and put down with a bold and defiant hand. How, gentlemen, if there it a back door to this establishment I will use it to make me way home." . Farnham showed him the rear entrance, and saw him walking homeward up the quiet street ; and, coining back, found Bolty and Kendall writhing with merrimsnt, "Well, that beats all," said Kendall. "I guess I write home like the fellow did from Iowa to his daddy, ' Come out here quick- Mighty ineaa men gits office in this country.'" "Yea," assented Bolty. " Dot hurgermeister lab better as a circus mit a drick mule," 'J Don't speak disrespectfully of digni taries," Baid Farnham, "It's a'bad habit in soldiers." When they went out on the sidewalk the crowd had dispersed. Farnham bade his re- ctuits good night, and went up the avenue. They waited till he .was a hundred vards away, and then, without a word to each other, followed him at that distance till they saw him enter his own gate. Chatter XIII,— A Bust Sundae tor the Matchinb. Matters, w-ere not going on pleasantly in the Matchin cottage, Maud's success iu gain ing an e.igiblc position, as it was regarded among her friends, made her at once an ob ject of greater interest than ever ; but her temper had not improved with her circum stances, and she showed herself no more ac cessible than before. Her father, who natu rally felt a certain satisfaction at having, as he thought, established her so well, regarded himself as justified in talking to her firmly and seriously respecting her future. He went about.it in the only way he knew. " JIattie," he Baid one evening, when they happened to bo alone together, " when are yon and Sam going to make a match F' She lifted her eyoa to him, and shot out a look of anger and contempt from under her long lashes that made her father feel vory small and cold and shabby. " Never 1" she said, quietly. . " Come, come now," said the old man ; "just listen to reason. Sam is a good boy, and with what be makes and what you make——" . " That has nothing to do with it. I won't discuss tho matter any further. Wo havo had It all out before. If it is ever mentioned again, Sam or I will leave this house." " Iloity toity, Missy 1 is that the way you take good advice but she was gone before he could say another word. Saul walked up and down the room a few mo- ments .taking very short steps, and solacing his mind by muttering to himself, "Well, that's what I get by having a scholar in the family. Learning goes to tho head and the heels — makes 'em proud and skittish." He punctually communicated his failure to Sam, who received the news with a sullen quietness that perplexed still more the puzzled carpenter. On a Sunday afternoon, a few days later he received a visit from Mr. Bott, whom' he welcomed, with great deference and somo awe, as an ambassador from a ghostly world of unknown dignity. They talked in a stiff and embarrassed way for some time about the weather, the prospect of a rise iu wages, and other such matters, neither obviously taking any interest in what was being said. Suddenly Bott drew nearer and lowered his voice, tliou-h the two were alone in the shop. " Mr, Matchin," he said, with an uneasy grrn, i have come to see you about your daughter," " . hlatchin looked at hiqa with a quick sus picion. " Well, who's got anything to say against my daught.r " Oh, nobody that I know of," said Bott, growing suspicious in his turn. "Has tray- thing ever been said against her?" " Not aq I know," said Saul. " Well, what have you got to say ?" " I wanted to ask how yon would liko me as a son- in-law ?" said Bott, wishing to bring matters to a decision, Satrl stood for a moment withont words in his astonishment. He had always regarded Bott as a " professional character," even as a " lltrary man he had never hoped for so lofty an alliance. And yet be could not soy tbat he wholly liked it This was a strange creature— highly gifted, doubtless, bnt hardly comfortable. He was too "thick" with ghosts. One scarcely knew whether he spent most of his time "on earth or in hell," as Saul crudely phrased it. The faint smelt of phosphorus that he carried about with him, which was only due to his imperfect ablutions after his Beaucqa, impressed Saul's imagina tion as ..going to show that Bctt was a little too intimate with the underground powers- He Btood drawing a shaving and weighing the matter in his mind a moment before ha ans wered. He thought to himself, "After all, he is making a living. I have seen as much as five dollars at one of bis eeennses." But the only reply he was able to make to Bott's point, blank question was : Well, I dunno." The words were hardly encouraging, hut the tone was woakly compliant. Bott felt tbat his cause was gained and thought he might chaffer a little. ' " Of course," he said, " I would like to have faw things understood, to start with. I am very partiaulor ia business matters." " That's right," said Saul, who began to think that this was a very systematic aud methodical man. " I am able to support a wife, or I wonld not ask for one," said Bott, " Exactly," said Saul with effusion ; " that's just wnat I was saying to myself." ".Oh, you was 1" said Bott, scowling and hesitating. " You was, was you ?" Then, after a moment's pause, in which he eyed Saul attentively, he continued, " Well— that's so. At the same time, I am a business man, | aud I want to kuow what you can do for your girl." "Hot muoh of anything, Mr. Bott, if you must know, Mattio is makia' her own liv ing." " Yes, That's Ml right. Does she pay you for her boardF' " Look here, Mr. Bott, that aiut none of your business yet, anyhow She don't pay no board while she stays here; but tbat ain't nobody's bnsineu." "Oh, no offence, .sir, none in the world. Only I am a business man, and don't want misunderstandings, So she don't, And I suppose you don't want to part with your last child— now, do you ? It's liko breaking your heart-strings, now, aint it ? " he said, in his most sentimental lecture voice. " Well, no, I can't say it is, Mattie's wel come in my house while I live, but of course she'll leave me some day, and I'll wish her joy." " Why should that ba ? My dear sir, why should that he ?" Bott's voice grew greasy with sweetness and persuasion. " Why not all live together? I will be to you as a son, Maud will soothe your declining years. I.ot it be as it is, Father Saul." The old carpenter looked up with a keen twinkle of his eye. "You and your wife would like to board with us when yqu are married ? Well, mebbo we can arrange that." 1 This was not quite what Bott expected, but I he thought best to say no more on that subject I for the moment. Saul then asked the question that had all along been hovering on his lips. " Have you spoke t9 Mattie yetF' The seer blushed and simpered, " I thought ft my duly to speak first to you ; but I do not doubt her. heart." " Oh 1 you don't," said Saul, with a world of meaning. " Yu'dbetterfindout. Yqu'Ufiod her in the bouse." Bott went to the bouse, leaving Soul pon dering. GirU were queer cattle. Had Mattie given her word to this slab-sided lanky fellow ? ! Had she given Sam Sleeny the mittsn for | him ? Perhaps she wanted the glory of being Mrs. Professor Bait. Well, she could do aa she liked ; but Saul swore softly to himself, : " If Bott comes to live offen me, he's got to ' pay his board." j Meanwhile, the sccr waa walking, not with- > out aotue iuward pertubatiau, to the housa where his (ate awaited him. It would have been hard tp find a sua more confident and more fatuous ; but oven such fgqla aa he have their momenta of doubt and faltering when tbey approach tho not altogether known, He had not entertained th« slightest question of Maud a devotion to him, tho night sbo naked from him tho counsel of the epirits. But bo had seen her several times sinco that, and she bad never renewed the subject. He was in two minds about it, dometimss he imagined he might have chanced her purpose 5 And then be would comfort hituself with the more natural quppoaition that maiden modesty bod been too much for her, and that she was anxiously awniting his proffer. He had at last girded up his loins like a man and determined to know his doom. He had first ascertained the amount of Maud's salary at the libraiy, and then, as we see, had endeavored to pro Tide for his subsistence at Saul's expense and now nothing was wanting but the maid en's consent He trembled a little, but it was more with hope than fear. Ho could not make himself believe that there waa any dau- he wished it were over and all were well. He paused as ho drew near the door. He waa conscious that his hands were disa greeably cold and moist. He took out his handkerchief and wiped them, rubbing them briskly together, though the day was clear and warm, aud the perspiration stood beadad on his forehead But there was uo escape. He knocked at the door, which was opened by Maud in peraon, who greeted him with a free and open kindness that restored his con fidence, They sat down together, and Maud chatted gaily and pleasantly about the weather and the news, A New York girl, the daughter of a wealthy furrier, was reported in the newspaper as about to marry the third son of au English earl, Maud discussed the advantages of the match on either Bide as if she had been the friend from childhood of both parties. Suddenly, while she was talking about the forthcoming wedding, the thought occurred to Bott, 14 Mebbo this is a hint for me,M and he plunged into his avowal; Turning hot and cold at once, and wringing his moist hands as he spoke, be said, taking everything for granted : 44 Miss Maud, X have seen your father and ho gives his consent, and you have only to say the word to mnke us both happy." 44 What Anger, surprise and contempt were all in the ono word and in the flashing eyes of tho young woman, as she leaned baok in her rucking choir and transfixed her uuhappy suitor. 44 Why, don't you understand me ? I mean — - " 41 Oh, yes, I see what you mean. But I don t mean \ and if you had como to me, I'd have saved you the trouble of going to my father." 44 Now, look hero," he pleaded, 44 you aint a-going to take it that way, aro you ? Of course, I'd have come to you first if I had 'a' thought you'd preferred it All I wanted was - — j said Maud, with perfect coolness and malicofor in the last moment she had begun heartily to hato Bott for his presump tion,--44 I understand what you want. But the question ia what 1 want — and I don't want you." The words, and still more tho cold mon otonous tone iu which they were uttered, stung tho cold blood of the conjuror to anger. His mud-colored face became slowly mottled with red. 44 Well, then," he said, 44 what did you mean by coming and consulting the sperrlts, saying you was in love with a gentleman — — " Maud flushed crimson at the memory awakened by these words. Springiug from her chair, he opened the door for Bott and said, Great heavens ! the impudence of some men 1 You thought I meant you V Butt went out of the door like a whipped bound, with pale face and hanging head, Ashe passed by tho door of tho shop, Saul hailed him aud said with a smile, 44 What lock T Bott did not turn his head. He growled out a deep imprecation and walked away, Matchin was hardly surprised. He mused to himself, 44 1 thought it was funnv that Mattio should sack Sam Sleeny for that fellow. I gmjsy he didn't ask the sperrits bow the land lay," chuckling over the discomfiture of tho seer. Spiritualism is the mo3t convenient re- ligion iu the world. You may disbelieve two- thirds of it and yet be perfectly orthodox. Matchip, though a pillar of tho faith, &lwavs; keenly enjoyed the defeat and rout of a me dium by his tricksy and rebellious ghosts. He was still laughing to himself over the retreat of Bott, thinking with some paternal fatuity of the attractiveness and spirit of his daughter, when a shadow foil across him, and he saw Qjfitt standing before him. " Why, Offitt, is that you ? I did not hear you. You always come up as soft as a spook !" 44 Yes, that's me. Where's Sam V 44 Sam's gone to Shady Creek on an excur sion with his lodge. My wife weut with him." 44 1 wanted to see him. I think a heap of Sam." 41 So dp X. Sam » a good fellow." "Excuse my making so free, Mr, Matchin, hut I once thought Sam was going to be a son- in-law of yours." " Well, betwixt ns, Mr. Offitt, I hoped so myself. But you know whist girls i9. She jest wouldn't." So it 8 all done, i. it ? Ho chance for Sum ?" Offitt asked oogeriy. " Hotso much as you could hold sawdust in your eye," the ourpenter answered. "Well, now, Air, Alatohiu, I have not somothiug to »ay." (« Oh, Lordv," groaned Saul to huoseif, "here'e another one.") "I wouldn't take uo advantage of a friend ; but if Sam's got no chance, as you say, 'why shoulda't I try ? With your permission, sir, I will." "Now look ye here, Mr. Offitt. I don't knqw as I have got anything against yon, but I don't know nothing fur you. If it's a fair question, how do you make yourlivin' v" " That's all right. First place, I have got a good trade. I'm a locksmith." " So I have heard you soy. But you don't wcrk at it. ' p." Offitt answored ; and then, assuming a confidential air, Ije continued, "As I am to be one of the family, I'll tell ycu. I don't work at my trade, because I have got a better thing I aip a Reformer." "You don't say J" exclaimed Saul, "I never heard o' your lecturin.' " "I don't lecture. I am secretary of a grand section of Labor Reformers, and I git a good salary for it." i -j' eetL Saul, not having the idea of what it all meant. But, like most fathers of his kind, he made no objection to the man e proposal, and told him his daughter waa in tile home. As Offitt walked awav on the earae quest where Bott had so recently come to wreck, Saul sat smiling, and nursing his senile vanity with the thought that there were not many mechanic' daughters in Bluff- land that could get two offers iu one Sunday from 'professional men." Re sat with tho contented inertness of old men on his well worn bench, waiting to see what would be the result, of the interview. , " £ , jon't believq she'll have him," he B1D J balf raan that Sam is, nor half the scholar that Bott is." It was well he was not of an impatient temperament. He sat quietly there for more than an hour, as still as a knot on a branoh. wondering Why it took Offitt so much longer than Bott to get aq answer to a plain question! but it never once ocourred to him that be had a right to go into hia pwq house and partici pate in what conversation was going on To American fathers of his class, the parlor is sacred when the daughter has companv. There were several reasons why Offitt staved longer than Bott.'- -Thi lo BR CO.NTXSUED. Miss Sarah Turner, 0« Hew Haven is asking for compensation for services durinf'the war. She ssys she served as an oiderlv in the 105th Ohio Volunteers, being dressed in male attire and known as "Jim," She showa tho soars of several wounds. . The Registrar-General's quarterly return just issued gives the estimated population at tho United Kingdom in the middle of the present jear-two years since the census waa taken-as 30,639,060. England and Wales oeT- BPP?,a1tiou, < 26,770,744 ; Scotland, 3,8-0,1 44 j Ireland, 5,042,572, The natural increase of tho population of England »nd ' m ?Vr, i.hB of b!rtl» ovtr deaths. ! which had been 105,762 and 102,004 jn the 1 third quarters of tho years 1881 and 1832 de. ; clraed to 101,026 in the corresponding period of this year. Nearly 109,000 emigrants left the ports of the kingdom in tffe last three months, of whom close upon 91,000 were of British origin. The average price H ?n7V' 5d-Per quar'er-ahowed a de, cline of 3d. fiora that In the preceding quar- ' ter : it was considerably lower than the mean price in the two preceding quarters, Tho average wholesale price of beef 0d. per ponni and mutton OH higher than the pricaSt ve« aH w? TW Peripd' Paaperism has slightly declined the proportion of persons in receipt of relief being 25.6 per 1000, against"? and 20.3 in the two>ece5F„s qnra, 8 Ho dooht the extra activity in the agrienltnral world bad. its effect upon pauperism. It is almost appalling to think, however, that there was an army of nearly 085, CC0 strong wore or SteudWx? tie ,upp,rt "f ( 