* GRI1E," ,T THE VZCTORIA THEATRIPe Ma. A. J. INaeIs's drama "Crime" wes produced at, the Victoria Theatre last night to a poorer house than the production de served. The plot we published yes terday, and there is sufflicient merit in Mr. Inglis's efforb to make it rank with many good modern productions, and b1 classed far higher than pieces of the " Youth" and "Manlkind" school. There is relevancy, sequence, and a sustanuod insterest; and the disjointed tableaux so characteristic of many plays which owe their origin rather to the talent of a mechanist than the genius of the dramatist -aro..lappily, absent, giving place to a harmonious whole. But there are faults. •T'lere is "gag" in pbundance; threr is an .attempt to split the ears of the grountlings with played-out claptrap, and in some of the sconos-notably one of the dances in the camp scene; the introdtution of the aboriginal au natural~ in the last a'ot? and the harping on the poor joke about the trousors--thore is positive indoloaoy. If success is to he insured fbr Mr. Inglis's play, two or three matters ihust be attoendod to. Soveral members of the orchestra should be hanged, or their instruments pawned; an infant phenomenon, who sings flat and looks unhappy, should be sent to bed; and the intoloeraly long waits should be shortened. Then we may see a large and enthusiastio audience applauding real merit. Last night, owing t.o the weird vagaries of the instruments of torturojustbeforo the footlights, the singing in the diggers' camp soene was spoilt, andt one of Mr. Inglis' a own particular opic poems was rendered incomlprehonusiblo. A little judicionus altoration, amendment, and l,'pping; arid "Crimo" should prove one 0o the best sensational pieces yet pIroduoed at 'the "Vie" 'she various sensational scenes, with wvhloh the piece is liborally Illed, were ra. oeived with ropeated applause the climax of the thtd act, whore the hero, Coecil Le Roy Mr. A., L. Inglis) is tioe to theo tree by Daro-devil Dick,. the bush. .ranger, and is released by the blackfeollow Jingy Tingy, being anooorded wolldeserved bhooring. Mr. Inglis, as tholhero, slhowed thantho had written the part for himself with a oaroful and not .over-strained con ?eption of his own ability His Ceoi'l Lo Roy was very well acted indeed. But why he evoara that flaxon wig which gives hbn no 'mcre forehead than a monkey or .why he powders himself as white as a ghost, we uanuot understand. In the final soetne his noting was full of pathos and foolbjig, the lights and shades of a difoiulr, character obeinog intelligenutly so portrayed. Mr. J. E., Thorpo as thlio villain, had a most thankless'part, but performed it in the aetrofil mannor that is always noticeable in this goetleman's imporsonatlons. Bnt Ilo e"made up" badly as Sir Jharles Clavorly, Ho resembled more an Israolltlsh bookmaklor than an English baronet with that goateeoo " he wore, and he lookebd. far . more a gontlouian' whoe .he took ofl his false board and stood confossed-Sir Charles nd Dare-devil Dick in one. Mr, Thynne as Jingy Jingy, the black follow, was siniply immense, and was loudly choeered for his fldelity to his master,. Mr, Blovorloy's Conmte do Valreony was an oxcellent study ' while Mr,. 'Alox. TPliomp -son convulsed the houso as Judiins, Nolithor'munst nIr,?Irvino he forgotten for lihe played the Colonel in a gentlemainuly, mill. tary, and natural- manner,. Miss 'Morgan' ns Lllian was'graeooful and pleasielng; and at times powerfully' driimatie whilo Miss Batrice Lystor inadeo' a most beawitching Susann . Thi.young 'lady evidently desires to excel, and. coansoquenotly also, doos what she 'has' to :do well ; and, it is. hoped that it will not be'long before sheo stands in,.the foromost ranks of comedy, Mr, Sotrlght's sooenery is wll worthy of that gentleman's reputation.. "Crima " will be ropeated tonlight and should da'aw cagood audioenceO. 