science. SCIENTIFIC COSSIP. The Bishop of Carlisle has promulgated a new theory of apparitions. Rejecting at tho outset the greater number of ghost stories as foolish, unmeaning, and unworthy of holier, and treating them as the outcome of false. hood, imagination, exaggeration and that pe culiar proceas of evolution or growth which goes on when a story passes from mouth to mouth, he' arrives at a class of storieB. which ho thinks cannot he set aside as either spurious or silly — namely, those wherein there is the appear, ance of a person deceased, nearly at the mo ment of decoase, to some other person to whom the deceased has been known in life. One of theso stories is quoted aa a typical example;— A Cambridge student had arranged with a i'ollow student that they should meet together in Cambridge at a certain time for the purpose of reading. A short time before going up to ! Creep his appointment t re of the students was in the south of England. Waking in the night hn saw, as he imagined, his friend sitting at tho side of his bod. He was Burprisod by tho sight, tho more so an his friend was dripping with water; he snoko, but the apparition only shook utB head and disappeared. This appearance of the absent friend occurred twice during the night. Information was soon rocoived that shortly before the time of tbe apparition being seen by the young studont his friend had been drowned while bathing. The Bishop bcliove9 in such stories — notliterally.butsubstantially. He does not suppose that either the deceased or his spirit actually appears, but that there is a communication of some sort between tbe soul of the decoased and the mind of the survivor, and tliat the impression on tho mind results in the movement of tbe visual machinery, or at all events the production of the idea that it has been so moved. The theory is that, as the visual organs act npon the mind, so the mind may re-act on the visual organs. The theory is a good one and may be a true one, bat it does not follow that the impression on tbe dreamer is caused by a spiritual communi cation. It is here that the Bishop's reason, dug breaks down. Tho only thing really won- derful about such stories lies in the co-inci dence between the fact and the dreaming im agination of the ghost-eoar. The coincidence seems wonderful, and yet it is not more won derful than thousands of similar coincidences in the wide awake world. Thero are come gossiping individuals who never hear of an oc curence or relate an experience witlrout lugging in some coincidence having a bearing on the subject of conversation. They are full of pre sentiments after the fact as well as before it, ' They have always been just a saying seme. thing that has a bearing on whathashappened, Something has been telling them that such and such a thing would surely be. Coincidences are wonderful ; but it would be still more wonderful if there were none. Thero is nothing wonderfol in brain delusions. They are of every day occurrence, and it is capable 1 of mathematical demonstration that some of 1 them must be strongly coincident with actual ovonts. The Bishop's theory is really a theory i of illusions, quite as applicable to the ghost stories which he rejects as to those whioh he admits. The theory is applied by its author to the angelic visitation in the biblical record) but although bishops may take great liberties with ouch matters it would be dangerous for any lay brother to follow them, and it must suffice merely to note the fact that " Harvey Carlisle" is of opinion that it was only by "reverse action" that angels were seen by those who were under the impression that they had received veritable visitants from the spiritual world. Tho theory as applied to ghosts is a very respectable theory so far as it izoes, but that is hot far ; it makes no allowance for accidental coincidences, and it certainly r leaves unproven the assumption of departed sollls making impressions upon living minds. The Bishop hopes that he will not be regarded as guilty of the unpardonable logical sin of reasoning in a circle ; but it is not easy to see how he can escape condemnation on that very point. 3o long as, tho accounts of green suns and ' - remarkable sunsets came from limited locnlites there was a possibility of the phenomena being referrable to very ordinary causes, but there is now an accumulation of evidence to show that the unusual appearances have been manifested over a very wide area, and it is no longer per missible to hold that tho explanation is to be ; looked for in ordinary meteorological changes. It was right to hold to this opinion until proof to the contrary was forthcoming, and it is equally right to acknowledge without hesita tion any.real.evidence that is advanced. The present state of the discussion is adverse to thoBe who look to the eruption of Krakatoa as the exciting cause, and favorable to those who believe in the presence of a cloud of cromic dust in the upper regions of the atmoaphere. Mr. Proctor has calculated that such a cloud at the height of 1(1 miles would account for the Bunset after glow. The chief objection to this theory !b that all attempts to obtain results with the spectroscope have been unavailing, t and if the theory be true it would seem as if ' the naked eye were more reliable than the bent of optical instruments. The proposers of the cosmic dust theory — Mr, A. C, Ranyard and Mr. Mathiau Williams— iqay for tho present be permitted toetytn) thntthbjive estubliihei f, prima fatti WMfl ifl itf fpyflf, nana m — — <— — — irappljutfaiiie information about thb acillus of tubercle, but wc look in vain for any account of how the parasite is to bo fought, kept off or kiliod. They toll us how it doatroys hitman beings, but nothing about th'b reverse process. We are kept well informed as to how the or ganism maybe cultivated or disseminatod, but are kept in the dork as to any measures for tho ropreBBion of its ravages. The lateBt to- Bulta of research have been supplied by M. Vignul, who has beon trying some experiments with the view of ascertaining whether the sputa of phthisical patients as found in the streets contained bacilli. He collected the sputa, subjected it to desiccatliU, "then moistened and dried it several limes, and after all found that it contained bacilli as numerous and as well fcfrmed as if they had just been expectorated. He was successful in killing guinea pigs with the matter, and also in de monstrating tho vitality of the disease gcrfo under what may bo regarded 'as &dverso; cir cumstances. This soft of information is cer- j tainly better than none at all, bat the exertion of as much energy in a direction likely to lead to tho discovery of a curative process would be belter appreciated. No doubt such experiments are made, but as nothing is ever said about them, it may be supposed that medical tneh have a disinclination to give advice gratis. mr, j-iarwm s last won; en rcg&awc; oimua and Bartkicorms was characterised by what : had the appearance of exaggeration, and some ; recently ascertained facts serve to show tfcht ho attached too much importance to the work done by the . earthworm. 11 lias been ascer tained that in the fertile wheat growing lands of Man: tel. a and the north-west of Canada there are no worms of any kind whatever, and it is not likoly that there ever will bo, owing.it is supposed, to the circumstance that in tho course of the very severe winter tlie ground is frozen to cUcli a depth that worms cannot penetrate deep enough to reach a suitable pKace wherein to hybemate. If Mr. liarwin had been aware of this fact he would probably have moderated his views as to the impor tance of the part played by worms in the pre paration of the soil, and would have sought to discover some other cause for the amazing hwate fertility of the soil. The action of j frost in disintegrating the soil may be oven greater than tlint of the earthworm. The I range of the earthworm is certainly wonderful. It exists in Iceland and in Kerguelen Land, where the winteia are severe enough, although thoy ate far from being so intensely cold at that of the Canadian interior. It will 'also be probably found that there are &C; Worms in the northern interior of Siberia. It would at least uo UUIIUU9 w witiiiuu bue mult ui toe range of the woftn in the old world as well as in the j new. I The Slavic race is usually spttato ; of as if it were a homogeneous whole, i whereas there would be a difficulty in ! pointing out n solftaty locality in which it ex ists in anything like purity. The idea of Collecting all to whom the name is applied into vine 'great Panslavonic state is therefore a new hallucination. Dr. Karl Abel has WHVt-eh a book entitled Slavic and Latin, in which he points out that the majority of the Great Rus sians are of Finnish or Fihno-Tartar de'acont. Tho people of Little Russia and 'White Russia ate of a more versatile disposition and claim to be of pnrer race, but there are some philologists who deny the right of the Russians to be regarded as Slavs at all. As for the Czechs of Bohemia, the Croats, Servians and Bulgarians, it is impossible to trace tho ele ments whioh have entered into thoir co'mposi. tion, even similarity of lhbguago being no proof of a common origin. Tho dispute is not of muoli importance, for whero the points of dissimilarity a re »b numerous as those of identity there cannot be much of a basis for joiht action, and there is little fear of local and personal interests being left unconsidered in favor of sentimental unity. The Russians are perhaps all tho better for their mixture of bloods. Dr. Abel claitnB for them the posses sion of Finnish common sense, Polish courage, Armenian astuteness, German deliberation, Tartar enduranco and Slavonic versatility. Ih ceasing to bo Slavs the Muscovites would seem to have been transmuted into ahgels. Tho conversion of light into electricity is not so easy as the conversion of electricity into light, but that may be because more attention has been paid to the former, light being of greater domestic value than electricity ; and yet if tlie latter can be easily got from tho sun's rays, it should he possible to store up enough of the solar energy to serve for illumin ation during the hours when the great orb is below the horizon. Ilerr Sauer has set him self to tho task of Bolving tho problem. Tlie results ho has arrived at are that the process of obtaining electricity from light is only available when the direct rays of tlie sun roach the apparatus, diffused light being useless for the purpose ; that it is the chemical or actinic rays alone that do tho work j and that the best batter)- consists of a glass vessel contain- ing a solution of 15 parts of table salt and 7 parts of sulphate of copper in 10G of water, and in this is placed a. porous cell con taining mercury. Tlie electrodes are of plati num and sulphide of silver,' and are" both con nected with a galvanometer. ' When hot in liso tho apparatus is put away in a dark' box. Tlie platinum wire is immersed in 'tile mercury, and the sulphide electrode in the " siilt ' Water. When this battery is placed in the sunliglit tiic galvanonieter needle is deflected, but no in formation has been ns yet afforded us to the extent of tho influence, or to tho possible valuo of the discovery in a commercial sense, Tho 1 nudux operandi of tlie arrangement is obseure, And all that can ha said at present is that nothing but a commencement has boen mado. To Hew Sftuor'8 credit ft mti»t N h IWrWW? WP f$t ' - 