1 i ~'^*-»^™^ta__ The Late Intercolonial Matcli. By Censor. After a gallant fight our representatives were defeated in the great annual cricketing contest at Melbourne by three wickets and a run. This to Borne may be considered a narrow defeat, and to others it may seem that Victoria won comfortably, but in whatever light the defeat may be re garded generally 1 am of opinion that our mea fought a splendid game, and nothing daunted by depreciatory re marks, contested every inch of ground with resolution and ronrace. Amoneet the best iude-es of cricket in' New Eouth Wales there was an almost unanimous opinion that this colony, even with its best eleven, would be overmatched by their Victorian rivals, and when it became subsequently known that Spofiorth, Jones, and Maesie would be unable to take part in the contest, even those who thought our men had an outside f'^how' were extremely despondent and inclined to a similar opinion as to the weakness of our team when comrared with the Victorian players. Moreover the practice— if it may be dignified by such a term — of the Sydney men prior to their departure for Melbourne was of the most lukewarm description, and on many afternoons the net devoted 10 the intercolonial players was patronised by only four or five candidates for selection. To make things look stiil worse it was not known what form Evens was in, as he did not put ia an appearance until a couple of days before the departure of the Sydney team for Melbourne. Of course there were one or two, as there always are, with peculiar ideas, who entertained 'a presentiment that our men would win;' but there could be no foundation for euch an opinion. I did not think our men. to use a turf phrase, ' were in it,' even allowing for the great uncer tainty of the game ; but 1 was much pleased to see Jones go to Melbourne at the eleventh hour, for I regarded him, A. Bannerman, and Muidoch as the' most likely men to trouble the Victorian bowlers. I was cot alone ia the opinion that our men would be hopelessly overmatched, for that ehrewd writer, 'Felix,' in the Australasian, in speaking of the match, thus forecasted: 'To sum up, I believe if Mafsie, Jones, and Spofforth had come, the tbitty-first intercolonial match would be a most interesting contest, and that the display of cricket all round would afford much pleasure to the lovers of the game. As matters are at present, however, I cannot seejpless something altogether unforeseen occurs that New south Wales has anything more than the ghost of a chance of defeating the iormidable team that Victoria will send into the field— a team fit almost in every respect to do battle for Australia against a picked team from the old country.' Though it must be confessed that our men were lucky in winning the toss, which was worth at least 100 runs, they deserve every prahe for the way they played all through, and had they succeeded in coming oS with flying colours, as great a cricketing surprise would' have been recorded as that which took place in 1865 at Melbourne, when New South Wales sent to Victoria the strongest team ever b&nded; together up to that time. It included Caffyn, Cossticb:, and Hewitt, who had just previously seceded from Victoria, Lawrence, Kat Thomson, and E. Gregory. The betting was three 'to one on New South Wales; but despite the Ioes of three of her best players, who had gone to the other side, Victoria won in one innings. Another such sur prise was nearly brought about in the late encounter, for although the 135 iuns required to win by the Victorians appeared an easy task, it was by no means so. The one oarrow strip of turf which had stood the wear and tear of four days' cricket in blazing hot weather without having had asy water applied to it began on the fifth day to play fakely . The grata had been worn away, and the surface of the ground converted, into' dust by the constant traversing over it by the feet of the players when running, and it be came worse every minute, it it was difficult for our men to score on it, it was more so for. the Victorians, who, from tlxa reports of the match, had to watch the tricky movements of the ball with, the utmost caution. It turned oat an extremely lucky thing that a couple of the tailend batsmen went in first and had kthe best of the wicket in the second innings, for two of the three wickets left oa the Victorian eide ate amongst the best batsmen in that colony. W. G. Grace's opinion that on fine weather wickets the win ning of the totB is. worth 100 runs proves to be correct, as often in Australia as in the old country. Had the weather been capricious it is probable that New tiouth Wales would have wen in one innings as the Victorians did in Sydney lest year, when they won the toss axd had a good sound turf to bat upon, while our men had to take their two innings upon turf which was made treacherous by an untimely downpour. The late match played in Melbourne and the one preceding it were favoured with fine weather all through. When our men won in Melbourne last year tbe wickets played as well when the last ball was bowled as when the game commenced, and 1 never remembered having witnessed a contest where luck kadso little influence on the result. . The' match just con **«a«*»*-v» .ism* «.w * ~ ..&%?«» .ia«**a *»uw . ft ' T' niVI (MX WUVUKili DCiVO that the wind atd dust inconvenienced our batsmen in their second innings on the Saturday, but. the turf did not last so well. The winning of the toss would not be of so much advantage if it were arranged that each side should nlay an innings upon one wicket. The objection against that course would be the inordinate length of time over which the game would extend. It took three days and a part of the fourth day for each side to conclude: their first innings, so that with fresh wickets to bat upon in the second innings it would take over a week's time to finish the .match. Such an extension of batting would be sufficient to weary even the most ardent admirer of cricket, who would have to wait for hours for the varying incidents in the game. Cricket matches, -to be , really .interest* ing to the spectator, ought to be concluded in three days, and the innings should not exceed about 150* \- runs. With the growing improvement in the preparation of the turf, and the want of practice and attention :on the part of our rising players to the bowling and fielding depart ments of the game, cricket is being gradually deprived of much of its interest. I expect before many years have elapsed the cricket authorities will have to alter the laws of the gam9 so as to curtail the high scoring. The two splendid scores made in the first innings were due' princi- pally to the . skill of such* splendid batsmen as Murdoch, Horan, Jones, .and Ecott, but the- splendid turf and fine weather helped greatly: in the compilation of the rone, while tbe fielding, taken generally did not retard the efforts of, the batsmen, though it must be said there were several honourable exceptions to the general laxity in the* -field. r ? . ... * '? .. ?; . , : , In reviewing. the display of cricket oa either eide in the erreat encounter it most ta tuuit: th* +^n different conditions -of . turf gave fiifct tbe batemen the advantage, and towards the end the bowlers; comparatively speaking, had the vielders of the willow at their mercy. : These varying conditions are necessary/ in my mind, to test the tact or adaptability of a bats man, as well as tq^flnd out any weak spot in the hearts of - the bowlers. With a free-hitting tatsman, like Massie or M'Donnell at one end and A. Bannerman or Horan' at tho -oiluayonji perfect wicket, a bowler will have to use his head as well as physical force, and be able to submit to the indignity of being -severely punished without ^ losing his head,' which means bis heart. A manipulator of the leather who nnts all his soul into his work, and runs up for the crease with a determined mien, shows the possession of grit during the trying ordeal. In the first innings *of each sid«the merit of the opposing bowlers was fully tested, - ?while in the second innings the batsmen were put on their rmettle; . A-fcateman of even moderate pretensions wilt in fiytfeases iHfl: Sf-jsix Jtnake runs on-a fast trae'wicket,3rat* he*. aiaiiitof cu**i*ttam ^ccmecfi *' *hea theBalUJeBins : & cut capers on a worn turf ? Very few indeed. Batsmen ' of modem times are accustomed to play upon such perfect |l wickete that, if the bowliag rises more than bail high, they |:| are generally all abroad, and lose heart at once. That is fj the very time when the skill and pluck of the bate- H men are' well testfd, and when your orna- |j mental1 .cricketer with the flashy styles goes ..to the wall. When the wickets began to 'kick' on the ' Saturday, and on the Monday A. Bannerman and Murdoch on our side, and M'Donnell, Horan, and Black ham on the other, showed the necessary tact in playing toe bowling on the false turf. Nunn and Marr also batted . J well under the circumstances. Among our bowlers Garrett 1 was conspicuous for {he perseverance and judgment with . j which he attacked the wickets of the opposing patamen on | a perfect pitch ; and it redounds to his, intelligence as a cricketer that, though the most of his opponents were well acquainted with his bowline;, he nevertheless managed to secure fix of their wickets, though somewhat at a severe cost He and Evani divided the bowling honours on our side, and it is a matter for surprise how ' the buahman ' ; manages to keep up his ciicket without practice among first-claeB players. It is the thoroughness a&d;{iluck which he infuses into his work which thus helps him to preserve his powers without the labonr of practice, for he oats ap parently as well as ever he did with a few days on turf wickets. We should have been badly beaten without j Evans ; for Cleeve, es I anticipated, would not be a success, j as he has lost the break and judgment which marked his 11 lowlirg last year. Matr was not effective with the ball, J and Jones, from whom I expected something, captured but j 1 one wicket. Nor did Moees or Allen come off. A good il fast bowler was sadly wanting on our side. Despite the I opinion- of many that Spofforth is not success- I ful on fast tuif, he would have been of I great service in the late match, as oS his I last balls tome catches in the slips would, surely have been I given. There was no merit in fSonnor's bowling on the [j Victorian side, but his pace alone managed to overthrow two \ I good batsmen. The feature of the match appears to have * 1 been the masterly batting display of Murdoch, who was [ never in better batting form than at present. Jones, as I every one who has watched his consistent play this season n prophesied, batted grandly, and his 52 runs were put to- ff gether in a neat and effective style. He looked good for a -!j: century when he was caught near the boundary off a splendid [ eqcare leg hit. A. Bannerman was bowled by a simple I ball in the first innings, but he well maintained his reputa- I tion by his fine defence in the eecond innings, when the I turf was difficult to bat upon. Evans's batting in both : 1 innings was sound and good, while Gartett'e dashing j contribution of 64 in the first innings was a most meritorious ' I display. Nunn played with good heart, adding to his re- ????* I putation considerably as a batsman; Allen got well set in the - I first innings and made 27 runs in a manner which pleased hia i many friends. From neither Cleeve nor Hall much was ex- 1 pected with the bat, so that no disappointment was felt at 1 jj ' their non-success. Thefieldiogof our meaissaid tofiave ,'^ been better than that of the Victorians; Jones, A. Bauner mBD, Garrett, Evans, and Moses all being highly spoken of, but in not one report of the match did I see the name hi our wicket-keeper singled, out f or distinction. Apropos of wicket-keeper it is rather singular that throughout the whole contest that functionary is mentioned but once in the score sheet ; but it is certain that bad a good -uan been at that post our men would have been nearly winning. ' „..; 'With the exception of Boyle all the Victorian batsmen^* played well, fully bearing out the form they have been showing all through the season in their club matches. Horan, as is customary in these contests, - troubled our bowlers very much, and staved at the wipkets at a time when stubborn opposition was much needed. Scott, another East Melbourne man, also came out of his shell with a fine . display, end it was mainly owing to the exertion of these ' two batsmen that the Victorian total hefidel that of onr men in the first innings. Lewis, a most promising' player, from IE whom great things were expected, did not succeed in H realising, the anticipations of his admirers, but Walters, II another promising player, acquitted himself with credit. . . i Palmer and Midwinter shared the bowling honours ou the ft part of Victoria, the latter being quite unplayable ou the || \- bumpy wickets in the second innings of the New South 11 Wales .Eleven. Neither Boyle, M'Shane, nor Scott, secured If a wicket. The fielding of the Victorians is described as || being very slovenly, and Blackham is said not to have lg shown his usual dexterity behind the wickets. II The match altogether is one of the most wonderful Dlayed, H naemuch as when one side has scored unusually high to , fl begin with, the other has collapsed, the result being generally fl a one innings affair. On this occasion both teams mads a il arge score in the first innings, and the interest in the game fl throughout the five days' play was fully sustained, the issue || remaining in doubt until 20 minutes before the last wicket ]| fell. Altogether there have been 31 matches flayed, 18 o£ il which have been won by Victoria, and 13 by New Sooth ' SI Wales.. The return match will be played here, early in H February, when our representatives will be able to send tneir fi strongest eleven into the field. In the meanwhile, it would . m be well it the selection committee were to be on the look oat 1 for a good fast bowler and another wicket-keeper. i 