" confusion." This eccentric comedy, is from the pen of Mr. Joseph Derrick, an author new to the literary and dramatic world of London. It was first pre sented on the stage at a special matinee performance given at the Vaudeville Theatre, Straud, London, on tho ' ... , — . , -r r 1 GOO alternoon oi tne i/tn oi ivi .ty , iouv, on which occasion the parts were filled by the following ladies and gentlemen : Migses Kate Bishop, Sophie Lark.n, Katie 'Lee, and Emma Ritta, Messrs. Phillip Day, 0. Grove, J. W. Piggott, P. Desmond, and Fred Thorne. It was immediately pronounced a " brilliant success " by the bulk of the London newspapers. The London Times, of May 18th 1883, writes in most favorable terms , of tho production. It says : — " A new eccentric comedy, by Mi\ Joseph Derrick, was produced with very considerable success yesterday after noon, at the Vaudeville Theatre, under the title of ' ' Confusion. " The subject, though slight, is " treated " in a ( thoroughly humorously manner. The ' confusion ' referred to arises from a 1 pug dog and a feaby being surrepti- | tiously introducedJnto a young house hold, the qnrf W" the mis,tr«ss,(,whiO I : sighs-for and loSgsJor a domestic -pit, , ..and 'the other hy the housemaid : wh& ( : is secretly married 'to tfio hutler.' 0t ( of this situation, However, tho author, , .has contrived to extract -lots -of -fun " , from tlie '' multiplicity of farcical ( misunderstandings between husband . and wife, and bachelors and spinsters ' whieh-keeps the house in merriment ( for some two hours. The dialogue is . lively, spaakling, and free, without a ' tinge of vulgarity, and altogether the ( comedy is considered as an unusually smart production.. The author, though ' : at present unknown in London, is ( bound to make his mark as a dramatic author." , . ' ' - , The summer season at the Vaude ville, with Mr. Thomas Thorne as the ' : lessee and -manager, commenced on f .the 16th of July, 1883, and the opening play was " Confusion," supported by ( the following' ladies and gentlemen : — ; Misses- Wiunifred Emery, Laura , .Villiers, ;Kate, Phillips, and Sophie ( Lxrkin, Messrs. C'. Glenny, C. Groves, . J. R. Crawford,. Henry Akhurst, W. Lestocq, and Fred Thorne. The ( comedy was performed nightly for > over twelve months to crowded houses, ' A London authority; states that ( the great and intricate drama, ) " Claudian,,' is likely to be produced N in Australia as Mr. James Dewhurst. r who has been playing Holy Clement in J "Claudian" throueh the English V provinces, intends after the run of f " Hamlet " at the Princess', in which J he essays the part of The Ghost, to \ take . Messrs. Willis and Merivale's / famous drama on a tour of of the j Colonies. Mr. Leonard Boyne, will, \ if possible, be engaged for the title / role. " J 