[?] The Marcus Clarke Memorial Volume.* ; Marcus Clarke's works should not require, at least to an Australian public, to be put into a special memorial shape. They should speak for him and for those he left behind him, winning that meed of fame and fortune thev have bo far missed. His claim to the position of first lite rate ur of Australia is undisputed. No man before or since the advent of his 10 years' career has attempted to cover so broad a field, and certainlyno man could show the samebroad commission from nature to write. That was his mission in the world — to \- write. For that purpose, if- there is any Providence that shapes our ends, he was sent to Australia, and along one particular line he fulfilled that mission well. Of that we shall speak further on. This memorial volume is chiefly valuable as showing \- the extent of his kingdom. From grave to gay, from ' tragedy to comedy; from the sweet and simple pastoral to the stinging satire, bitter as worm wood and trenchant - as a. Malay creese. In verse . and in prose he had the master's touch. 'The Tavern Catch' has a rhyme and rhythm that seem bo .call naturally for accompaniment of plates and dishes, ' knives and forks— ~ ' 'Take care, waiter !' Beg yonr pardon. ' Corse you, hayeyou two left legs ! ' 'I acked for bread an hoar ago, sir?' *' Now then, have you laid those eggs ??' ? i ?' Sherry ! ?» *' No, I called for beer — of all the.foola I ever saw 1 ' .« Waiter.' ' Yesrir !' ' Waiter! ' «? Here, sir ! ' ' D— mmfe, sir, this steak is raw ! ' 1 \- And the 'Mystic'' treads majestically upon its never halting feet, as any magi of the East approaching the \- culmination of his life's labour or the hour of his doom ;— When Bicfc men turn and lights are low. When wailing winds through forests go, When half the world is hushed in eleep, And ghosts about old houses creep, When ebbing tides reveal again ' The bodies of unburied men, When dreamers sweat with pricking flesh, And murdered corpses bleed afresh. .Docb it not in each case seem the genius of Tom of -Ingoldsby speaking again? But if 'Bill Jinks' be scanned through a grim pathos appears not unworthy of Bret H&rte;, and in ' The Southerly Buster' is a rattle and ring, a dash of the music of strong salt spray, in no. sense inferior to the best verses of Dibdin or Barry Cornwall. Then there are merry, merry, pantomime verses that set the town a-laughing, and through their year were heard in every hut and shanty v of the bush, and j ust occasionally a light, a bloom of song \- that seems to indicate a root below which might have developed into as glorious a display as kindred roots in Swinburne and 'Rosetti bore. Still the little frag ments of verse are each and all but buds of promise. He accomplished nothing. There is not one single stone that could go to raise the pedestal of his statue in the temple of the poet's fame. Might have been — ' might have been— comes as the saddest refrain our language affords, as one by one theieayes are turned, and promise after promise is discerned, while fulfil ment is sought in vain. The pipee sketches are somewh^t' more satisfying ; in one or two at least there has beeh more done in the way of touching the distinguishing factsof Australian life than bv any other author, and it is always the touch of genius. If ' Pretty Dick ' bfe taken as a specimen, it goes quite far enough to prqye that the author ha d-in his two years of bush experience drunk deep of the inspiration that comes from companion ship w;th fierce Australian days and wild and gaunt and dismal Australian bush lands, mountain, morass, and'hot dry dusty plains; but it does not show strength as a (character sketch. 'Pretty Dick'' might be any boy of ten thousand. It is not a complete picture, figures and landscape, or landscape and figures ; a scrap of possible Australian experience, hut not a realistic chapter of Australian lif e . Its Babes-in-the-Wood simplicity may commend it to those good people who weep hver the ' May tjueen '* and they have got to the. bottom of the Tennyson mine ; but.Marcus Clarke wrote several 'V* lietier sketches, which are hot included in this volume. The ' Melbourne Studies' are weak sketches of a very narrow aspect of Melbourne life. .Those described by the editor as ' pathetic and imaginative' are rather the fruit of A diseased mind than of natural genius. The' critical reviews, with .the exception of that of Balzac, which really does plumb thte depths of a new birth, almoBt a new era, in literature, are not remarkable; and of the' Peripatetic Philosopher ' and other contributidnB to the journalism of his time, it is, by any collection of selections published at a later date, impossible, or at least unfair, to judge. They are like garments of dead-men now. The facts they illustrated, satirised, mocked, were living bodies to. them,- and -they are only, fit for the „old clothes : shop nr the paper mill when those bodies have jrone to dust. George Augustus Sala speaks with some bitter ness of the absolutely ephemeral character of a great deal of the best of his newspaper work I haye written someJfiQD of these ephemeral essays, and X conscientioualydeclare that very-few of their numbers have been hurried in their composition, if an artisan is tb be allowed tobe a judge of his own work. 1 may say that the ' very best of the poor etuff which I have produced has ap peared in *ii«* lAjfiing wiirimBB nf « daily newspaper to which during a period of 27 years I have been a constant eon ftriDutor ; and now that I am growing old and past service I sometimes reflect, with no small amount of bitterness, that v the papers, to. the preparation and execution of which I have devoted all the knowledge and all capacity which ! may possess, and which contain the whole marrow of what mind I may have, will never see the tight again; and that I shall be remembered, if X am remembered at all, only as the writer of a mftss - of jdesultoiy essays -and sketches of \- -foreign travel, a mats of bald (hat mid four bad novels.' Clarke's 'Peripatetic Philosopher' was a force in Lte time, a lifting and forming force to the most popular and powerful weekly journal of his colony. It was looked for wherever thfe paper Vvas read, and was- frit not unfrequentiyns.a barbed shaft in the thick- skinned body of local humbug. It is work toon which a man of uniform strength shouhl have risen, whose strength should have grown with its in fluence. But Clarke was xiota man of uniform strength ; he was essentially'the mountain torrent and not, the increasing lowland brook, and so he rushed for a season with a wonderful force and vivamty riown this channel ol the Peripatetic Philosopher, and then some unknown or undescnbed. influence froze up or - turned ? the current of- the fountain. The Peri * Cameron, Laing, and Co., Itelboonie. . patetic was gathered to his fathers, and it is an utterly vain task to disinter him now. The same may be said -of the 'Htimbag' and the 'Noah's . Alk ' papers. They had their day. and it was bright and meny enough ; but recalled, they are less satis factory even than the visions that arise in the Epri methus of the poet — Ah ! how cold arc their caresses ! Pallid cheeks and hmegardbosoms! t-pectral gleam (heir snow-white dresses, ' And from loose dishevelled tresses \- Pall lhehjacinthine blossoms. There is, indeed, but one work to which the bio ' grsplier, critic, or friend of Clarke tan turn with any full feejing of satisfaction, and it is not a matter of surprise that to that work, and to that alone, almost, Loral Bosebery refers in the letter accepting the dedi cation of the volume. It was the great and completed work of ' His Natural Life' which first took the attention of Hub cultured and laborious peer, which drew from him the confession : — ' To me, I confess, it is the most terrible of all novels, more terrible than 'Oliver Twist,' or Yiotor Hugo's most startling effects, for the simple reason that it is more red. It has all the solemn ghastiiness of truth. This book which was written by a young Bohe mian of 25. And bow written? In studious con templative loneliness, amongst the relics of the horrible scenes pourtrayed, the reader may imagine. In a camp amongst the ruins of those charnel prisons of the natural penitentiary. Let the compiler of the volume speak and disclose to us the truth : — And this is how it was written, or, more properly speaking, dragged out of the author. For one or two issues the necessary instalments of copy would coma to hatri with regularity and preoision, then the next one or two issues would bavo to go to press without a tine of the novel which was ' to be continued in our next,' much to the disgust of the subscribers to the magazine. In the meantime the anther would be' frequently interviewed- by the publishers, and would as frequently promise the copy. When moral suasion was apparently powerless to effect the required object, payments in advance were made with somewhat better results, but as (hese -conld not go on ad, libitum copy would fall in arrears again. At last it was' found that the only way to get the author to finish his tale was to induce him into a room in the publishing house, where, under the lenign influences of a pipe, &c.;, &c.;, and a lock on the door, the necessary work would be dose bv the facile pen ; and in such mannerwas ' His Natural Life ' produced. It was submitted to some polishing process, however, before its appearance in book form. But it was no polishing process which imparted to the story and the characters their horrible strength. The ghoul-like nature was built into Gabbett, the devilishness into Frere, the sweet sensitive beauty grew in Sylvia as the colour in the bud of the roBe, and died away again even through the course of the narrative as colour will die from any beautiful growth of nature, if closed by impervious uncongenial environment against the sunshine, the light of life. Loid Bosebery says well that the realism of the book is of terrible, almost unpre cedented, force; but he does not say that some amongst the characters— notably Maurice Frere— have a devilish distinctiveness in which they stand out and arrest and hold attention amongst the whole multitude of fictional characters which contemporary literature supplies. No author before bad drawn such a monster, yet man, as Frere. Charles Bead's Governor Hawes in his great prison stoiy is artificial, a being prepared for the- special purpose of carrying a certain load of baseness. Frere is human. His conceit, self possession, firmness, unquestionable bravery, and utterly abominable cruelty, are all human and all English. He is a man and not an ogre, one of a multitude who would all be equally base if provided with similar opportunities. A per plexed sort of astonishment mingles with regret when we ask what would he have done at 40 who could conceive of such a character at 25\. Nothing better, perhaps, for Clarke was very old at five-and-twenty. He had lived the life of two great cities, and he had clothed himself with the sentiment of the great Autralian bush. It is probable that the full strength of the man was complete at that age, and that pleasant and prosperous years would but have mellowed and ripened him. We know thzlt the misfortunes which time brought hardened all his genius into a dry, narrow vein of cynical bitterness. He had never been in love with his species, at least he had never loved with the love which breeds admiration, forgiveness, large hope, and faith and charity. He was nurtured as a child in an atmosphere of detrac tion and contempt, and he hardened at 30 into an absolute cynic. Few men have at so early an age reached ' that last drear mood' and proclaimed it so unmistakablyby work whose only merit wasm its bitterness. Here ia a passage which seems dug from a vein in which cynicism was mixed with no alloy of the ' weakness ' of natural human loving-kindness :— There is plenty of oxygen in Australian air, and oar Aus tralasians will have capacious chests also — cateris paribus, large nostrils. The climate is unfavourable to the develop ment of a strumous diathesis ; therefore, we cannot expbet men of genius unlere we beget them by frequent inter marriage. Genius is to the physiologist but another form of scrofula, and to call a man a poet is to physiologically insult the mother who bore him. When Mr. Edmund Yates termed one of his acquaintances a 'scrofulous Scotch poet' he intended to be personal He was merely tauto logical. It may be accepted as an axiom that there has never existed a man of genius who wasnot strumous. Tqke the list from Julius Caesar to Napoleon, or from Job to Keats, and point out one great mind that existed in a non et ruinous body. The Australasians will be freed from (he highest burden of intellectual development, 5 And from the same keynote proceeded all the Sad music of his later years. He sank into the condition -which marked and marred the whole literary life, of Dean Swift. He had nothing but gibes and jeers lor all subjects and all men. It was a terrible misfortune that about this time he should haye plunged into a controversy with Bishop Moorhouse. He had neither power nor deBire to firgue, only to pour out the chn- .. tempt and hatred which had filled him. This ssque unclean possession robbed him of the power which - might have been devoted to the completion of that novel, 'Felix and Friiritas,*' which promised to bp worthy to follow ' His Natiual Life.' It is best anct kindest to let the heaviest cloud of - oblivion fold over all those later days, to think upon a life fragmentary as the work which it has left, and from both life and work to cull out only the fragments - with glittering facets, letting the bulk rink as, with out any effort, assistance, or condemnation, rinks the great bulk of commercial hardness, selfishness, ostenta tion, and corruption , which hadso large a share in creating the influences which robbed the world of the best work of one of the few men who should really have shone in his generation. It is impossible to speak in complimentary terms of the manner in which the biography has been written/or the work of compilation performed. The best of taste has net been displayed in the former, nor of judgment in the latter of these; but thereisat least enough within the tids to make a demand on every Australian reader to purchase and possess. And there is also enough to create a demand lor a popular edition of that one completed work which, whin some day properly introduced to the world, will run through cirele after circle of readers and become, as many recent books of less merit, the sensation of a year. 