TO COBBESPONDENT8. To Co mum rojrosins,-Jo tie* of the very hrge\ numberofquestionB sent Id each week bjr oorretpon dents fornoswen-the answers to which are tAvea in ^ trttfchttaer belong-yfe iemrb tftlfttftnhte'that it wonld be a con Te^pt ii^ le^xmen jmt ia so u to reach the office 4>at lilftflra ftpdafln cach week, which woolflaOoirtfce regulate timeto wainrer them. " Vhkmhu" {Napiar, K.Z.) ttoa-rr Bmtrtog to gae moeotranatoa* tjU"" atnrrrer to your qucj. el the terms , aa given in * hcardoe* it oome ^.^fber mannjdtila r woBobeanta: for, to n»i very common error, the taking the meaning of a word used to designate a biologloai enupM a defi nition of tile group. "This is a difficulty so well known to those who write of classification that Bomc of them wish names of croups had no mean ing, and have carried this out in nomenclature to a large extent. In the case in question, your corre spondent is quite correct in supposing that tne term mouotreinata, from their having one excreta! and genital outlet in the platypus and echidna, as in birds, might as well be appMed to the higher marsupials in which the openings of these two (digestive and genital) organs open into a single cloacal external opening. The nionotrcmata and marsupialia are separated by the consideration of a number of anatomical characters other than those indicated by the names, neither of which is strictly applicable to all other respective orders." "A New Zealand Subscriber."-The registered tonnage of the Great Eastern is IS,300 tons, her gross tonnage 22,500. (Dugandan, Queensland)-No doubt if fraud could be proved against the promoters of the lottery they could be prosecuted, but' the matter is not one in which we can give information or advice. " Ingoldsby."-By the kindness of the Melbourne agent of the lUnion steamship line we ar£ able to give the following answer to your inquiry as to the quickest run between New Zealand and. this port: -" The quickest passage that we have any record of is that of the Rotamahana, which left Muff at 1.15 p.m. on 20th October, 1S81, and atTjved at Williamstown at 6.10 a.m. on 30th, thus making the passage in 3 days 17 hours." " L. E. M."-We can only say, as we told a corres pondent some weeks asro, that the admirable and well-authenticated ghost story contributed by Sir Edmund Hornby to Messrs. Gurney and Myers, by whom it was published in the "Nineteenth Cen tury," has been absolutely demolished by the comments of the "Shanghai Courier," the journal to which the reporter belonged to whose ghost Sir E. Hornby's tale referred. Indeed, there is Internal evidence of oollapec in the story, as told by Sir S. Hornby himself. He say* that the reporter whose ghost came for notes of a judgment wtwtod on- an evening paper. This being so, he had no occasion whatever to go by night into the judge's bedroom, inasmuch as he could have got the judgment In ample time next morning. " Architecture."-Wc cannot undertake to give "the measurement of the largest stones found in the East in any building, or the ruins of atiy building, ancient or modern." That undertaking would imply an acquaintance with ail that 'has been written of all the ruins of the Eastern world. It is generally believed tiiat the largest monolithB an found in Egypt. But the largest stones of which we remember reading are, we think, those de scribed by SirE. Rood, late chief constructor of the British navy, as having been Been by him inihe walls of the old Castle of Osaka, In Jajiaa. They were, he says, "huge blocks of granite tit un exampled size and weight. The whole or most of the wails are notable for these very luxe blocks of granite, which vie with the largest of those built into the great pvnunld of Cheops, near Cairo, in Egypt; but as the main entrance to the castle proper is approached, one sees block after blook of the most astonishing proportions, until at and opposite to the entrance itself are single stones of such immense cite that one is almost driven to doubt whether his senses are not deceiv ing- him. It is difficult to understand how suoh huge «m have been quarried, transported, raised to such a height, and tben worked into walla. I could not conveniently measure the largest stones, but I feel sure that some of themmust be over 20ft in height, neatly twice that in length, and several feet thick, and jiiust weigh 900 to 100 tons." Whe ther there arc any stones so large as, or larger than, these in any building in Egypt we cannot at this moment Bay. "J. H. Houston "(Cope Cope).--1. We presume you refer to the apparatus said to have been invented for modifying the vocal organs for singing pur poses. We have never heard of one being intro duced into Victoria. 2. Any bookseller would supply you with the book, and will tell you the price 'if you write and ask. " H. F." (Wanolta)-1. The New South Wales Land Act 1SS4 provides for conditional purchase of land in the Eastern and Central divisions of the oolonv to the extent of 610 acres in the Eastern, And 2,660 in the Central, on conditions of fencing, and an annual payment of Is. per acre till thepnee of 20s. per acre, with interest added at 4 per cent, is paid off. 2. In Western Australia rural lands are sold at 10s. an acre in the Central and Kimberley districts, and Ss. an acre in other parte of the colony. There are also regulations for taking up land on, deferred payment at a price of 10s. an acre, to be paid at the rate of Is. yearly. S. The readiest and cheaiwst way of getting to Western Australia is, we suppose,'by taking * steerage passage in the mail bteamer. Indeed, we do not know any . other way. " B. D."-'Wc cannot undertake to work out school problems in arithmetic for our readers. " Uncertainty" (Spring Mount).-There is no such an act, and there is no system of-assisted immigration at the present time In force in this colony. " J. R." (Campaspe).-The duty on imported oats is Is. per 1001b. . "Q.ll B." {Rapanynp)-1. The registered tonnag*' ofthes.s. Austral is 5,5SS tons. 2. We cannot tell you if there are 20 steamer* oTjftpatgr £gnnage afloat, unless you include ships of war, in which case there certainly are. If your question is confined to mercliant steamers, then the oplv way to ascertain would be by going through Lloyd's list and count ing all given as of greater tonnage. " W. M."-No work on turning we have been able to consult 'gives the name of the inventor of oval turning. The method seems to have been in use for a long while. \r " Bondl"-" Lore in a Ball-room" is probably the poem known also as " Xbt Modern Course of True Love." It is by Walter Carey, and appeared origi nally-but we do not remember the date-in *' Scribnert Monthly." " Measuring the Baby " is by Emma Alice Brown, but we cannot say where it was first published, " Subscriber " (Wodonga).-No conveyance from tbfii daughters would have any validity unless they had put themeclvei in a position to give a title by taking out letters of administration to the estate. It would be for the Oonrt to say whether these could be granted under the circumstances. The parties interested should j>ut . their case in the hands of a lawyer. " A.U." (Brisbane).-Declined with thanVs. A Subscribed (WentwoHh, tT.S.W.) -L Signor Verdi can only be correctly described as a baritone singer, We have jto record of his, having sung* tenor part notwithstanding that he has appeared in the principal r61e in "Boecaocio." 6. The word' "btapogrifE" is formed from two Greek .words tigmfying "horse" and "griffin," and it designates a fabulous winged hone. It isliaed by Milton. Faithfulis* Slaughter.-"Thomas Dutton" (VVang* ratta) writes oh this £ubjeot" Permit me to inquire,through the medium of your valuable paper, the whereabouts of the 'Falthfu w Ela&ghter;,'as It Is Senerally termed, which tookplaoein this district 1 the year 1838. A statement ha* been current daring the last two or three yean that the kad disaster took place at (be Broken iUrer CFOKlqg place now called ' Benalla.' Your Interesting correspondent4 The Vagabond\' in his article upon Benalla, states the same, una that bis informant w&s; a gentleman then resident in that township. Ibis statement is different from vhat I have heard many yean ago from old oolonlsta who were in the colony at the time of the oocurrenoe. They always asserted that* Faithfull's Camp' was at the Fifteen mile Oreek, now called ' Oreo,' where the blades made the attack and killed a number of the party, I forget how many, and that the bodies of those killed were brought in to the Broken Biver crossing place and buried in the police paddock, which was there at the time. HthlnK youwlila^ree with mo that,, in the interests of histoiy, there ought not to be any dispute upon the point Perhaps some old colonist will enlighten us upon the subject." " Book."-l. We do not understand to what tales And to what book your question refers. Try to explain it a little more clearly. % Ifjtm have any interest In asking the question, you should submit it to a lawyer, as the answer depends altogether on the circumstances of the case: 1 " O. B. H."-We have not particulars of the width of Back ville-street, Dublin, but the following width* of streets were sent to us some time ago i>y a cprre* epondent who obtained them from a travelling friend who bad taken the trouble to "step" the streets named Rodent-street, London " loOft. Broadway, New York .. .. ,, 7gffc 