Utanef of th ClIAPTER II. ¶ Towards nightfall Mr. Emms " retuned home;h h had been to .Woolwich on hbut. no s; and after he had his tea he joined Stewart in thoe public parlour. A little Inter on, two men belonging to a bnrg.canme in, land entered into the con. versation. . ly degrees Gerald succeeded In bringing It round to the Mlrsh lHouso, and then came everybody's experience of the mystery. Emmnus' account was substantially the same as his wife'd ; and the younger bargeo's was only Ileasay, what other people had seen. The slder barge weas very silent, for some time, putting big cloudla of amolo from his pipo, and listening to what thll otlhes Ihad to illy. - At length lie putdown his long clya, anso observea, with a solmulnity that doild not but carry forc witht,' Its all very welt, nates, to talk about what other people have see'd anti what they ay ay tioy've see'd, but this is true, nmair you,. I've seeald it my self " "What did you see, 'Mr. Martin 1" eagerly inqiredl ]Emims. :Why, It wnas. to l1''awcay,' replled the old man. "One night, about six months ago, I was bound upit the river, but the tide turned, and 'I had to billie up ijst off the" Houseo ." I turned in andl had a sleep, and about two o'clock in the nmoritig I was awake and up on ideck a-wanting for the tide to turn. All at once I iharcd shriek. " It weren't an" orlinary sllrlek, mind you, but one of those thlat seems to go right throumlgh you. " I lookedl over towanrs tile bnnk, and there through the fog and mist, I could jest make out the .igger. of a womani dr?enl .all in white. " Whilo I vnas lookl'; soniething like a man, hlit awfully big, about ten feet hlgl,; roae jest behindl her, laid hold of her by the hair of her head--aud then they both dis appeared, with another shriek, that was so dreadfuiil piercinglthat it niaudo my blood cinlle all over, and, old as I am, brought the tears into my eyes. . : "That's what I saw myself," concluded the old man; " and, If need be, could swear to on tlio hook." : 'Thier was a period of sileneoo after this which was? broken by Gomld, who said, " What seott of ia person tthis Mr. Wyatt who is In charge ! is hi pleasant ? Would lie allowemo to look over the hIIouse 1" " l'easantl" repeated Emms, with a grimn smille.' "Aboulti lleasant as a steel traip. lie keeps two bulldoig, nud directly any stranger colnis near the lilnce-whche, as you lmay guess, nin't often--hl lets 'em loose, and then it's a case of look out for squalls." "I remember once going up to the House to ask for a drink of water," observed the younger bargeman, " and he put his head out of the ciliuer,anil showed me a gun, A. sayin' if I didn't clar out in two minutes, he'd fire at me. Andi a it was, he let the doge loose, adl one of them nearly made his teeth meet inl my calf." " I can rememhber Wyatt," "'marked old Martin,h "when he wasn't such a bad sort.; but that wans befor li)o"'and his mlssis was took oi at tIhe ihuse.' Nodoubt that sort of thing must tell os 'ion, you know. .I shouldn't like to sleep in the same house with a ghost myself." "',ilos a had lot, ir. Martin-that's what lie 'is I" said Emmas, em?phaticlly. "And look at that son of hib, ho's jestsueh another. Why, he ani't qopn Lis mouth without curs. ing or swearing at something or other." " What's he. dong now--the son !' in qoirnl Martin. " I don't knhow I he's away uli h London," answered Emns. . "But lie comes down overy .eok'or so, nd comes in hero wvith his sirs and his graces, calling for brandy, and then plitting it out as if it was poison. Oh, hm's a Clip of the old block, and, like his fathel, he ain't no good I" Soon after this; tllhe two bargees had to go abonal their craft, and Gemrld retired to bed; but the mystery of the Malrsll House had ob. tained such i hold upon his imnagiuation,that it wias many hlours ofore he could ged to sleep. And when the mamntlo of the drowsy god haid fallen upon him, his dreams were of the same subject, lie was continually seeking for the olno to the mystery, but in vain. loe perceved the wonlan dressed in white, but Just as lie was about to seleo her, sihe melted Into thin lIe obitained an entry to the house, anll was aboet to seamlh it, when suddeily his feet were glual:to tlheo floor, lieo was unable to sove, and the old lmn Wyatt was ap pnmehlling. Every coneievnble form of nglitmore did lie suffer that night ; and when lie awoke In the mornlnllg he was unrefreMhee, but fell of a mighIty detlernihiatllio to penetramto tihe iystery, andl see thie "ghost," If thlere was one to lie seen., After breakfast, Gerld Stoevwart.llghliel his ithe ind startl eoff towarnsl the Marshl lhlueos. It was a large, led-brick buillding, nearly square in Rhape, 0o(d four saoreys lhigh. It was airronilded by a grassgleRwun lnrden, enolosed bIy a paling fence from tile marsh, 011O one sile wst a small stable, coaohb.houso, and yaord. The windows were crossed with big bars, and, with the exception of three on the ground-floor, the shutters were closed all over the house. I Gerald stood for some minutes, contem plating the house of mystery ; then, llfting the latch, he entered and walked slowly up to the front door. There was neither bell nor knocker with which to summon anyone, and Gerald was forced to rap with his knuckles. Five minutes passed away, and then, be coming Impuatient, he commenced kicking at the massive oak, which, like a prison-gate was studded with iron. This roused soimebody lnside, a window opened, and a voice exclaimed, " Who are you, and what do you want I" " I am a stranger," replied Gesald, back tug away from the door in order to obtain a look at the person who was addressing him " and I want to speak to you for a minute." All Gerald could perceive was a massive square head, with a low foreheadaud deeply sunken eyes, over which the brow was wrinkled with what seemed to be a chronic frown. The owner of this unprepossessing head should ha;e been possessed of enormous strength, for his huge shoullers seemed to fill up the whole breadth of the window through which he was looking. " I've got no time to talk to strangers," said the man, surlily. "If you've come on business, out with it ; if not, you better get away as soon as you can." "My business is to ask your permission to make two or three sketches of your strange old house; and if-- " " No," interrupted the man--" no ! There's your answer, and now be iof." " But really- " began Gerald, slightly indignant. "Will you go when I tell you ?" "Look here, Mr. Wyatt-for I suppose that's your name," exclaimod Gerald, ?"you're a surly old bear I and if you don't know how to treat a gentleman when you see one, you ought to be taught." Before Gerald had finlshed, the window was closed with a bang, and old Wyatt disi appeared. Before our hero had walked half-way up the garden, he heard a scampering behind him, and turning round, beheold a large bull dog coming straight towards him. Gerald had no stick or other weapon of defence, and, for a moment, knew cnet what to do. Then, suddenly pulling out his handker chief, lie wrapped it round his hand and wrist, and calmly awaited the onslaught of the infuriated brute. With red and angry-looking eyes, open mouth covered with foam, and showing the sharp, white teeth, the dog made a spring at Stewart. Stepping a little on one side, Gerald suc. ceeded in thrusting his hand into the auli mal's open mouth, and seizing his opened jaw. Then ensued a short strnggle i but, with the ald of a large fint lying near, Gerald quickly put an end to the savage brute's existence, and left him dead upon the path. Knowing that there were two dogs, and not desiring another interview of the same description, Stewart made the best of his way out of the garden, and returned to the unn. 