TALES MB SKETCHES. JUDITH SHAK3PEARE HER love AFFAIRS AM3 OTHER adueijtup.es- By WILLIAM BLACK, Author of " Macleod of Dare," " Skando.v Bells," " In Silk Attire," &c.;, &c.; Chatter IX.— Through toe Meadows. Somo two or tbreo uaya after that, and to wards tile evening, Prudence Shawe was in tho churchyard ; and sho was alono, Have that now and again somo 0110 might pass along the gravelled pathway ; and these did not stay to interrupt her. She had with her a basket, partly tilled with llowcrs ; also, a small rake and a pair of gardener's Bheurs ; and silo was engaged in going from grave to grave, here putting a few fresh blossoms to rcplaco tho withered ones, and there removing weeds, or cutting tho grass smooth, nud generally tend ing thoso last resting places witli a patient and loving care. It was a favorite employ, moat with her when she had a sparo afternoon; nor did slio limit her attention to the graves of thoso whom sho had known in life ; her charge wns a general one ; and when tlioy who bad friends or relatives buried there enrne to the church of a Sunday morning, mid per haps from somo distance, and when tiiey saw that same gentle hand had been employed there in tho interval, they knew right well that that hand was tho hand of Trudcuco Shawo. It was n strange fancy on tho part of ono who wns so averse from all ornnmcat or decora tion in ordinary life that nothing was too beautiful for a grave. Sho herself would not wear a flower ; but her best — and the best sho could bog or borrow any whero — bIio freely gavo to thoso that wero gono away ; sho seemed to liave somo vague imagination that our pour human naturo was nut worthy of this beauti fying caro until it had become sanctified by Uio sad mystery of death. It was a calm, golden whito ovening, peace ful and silent ; tho rooks wore cawing in the dark elms above her ; tbo swallows dipping and darting under the boughs ; the smooth flowing yellow river wns liko glass, savo that now and again tho perfect surface was broken by tho rising of a fish. Over thcro in the wido meadows beyond tho stream a number of boys were playing at rounders or prisoner's baso or some sucii uoisy game ; but tho sound of their shouting was softened by the distance ; so quiet was it hero, as sho continued' at iter pious task, that she might almost bnvo heard hersolf breathing. And onco or twice she looked up, and glanced towards tho little gate as if expeoting some one. It was Judith, of course, that sho wns expeoting; and at this moment Judith was coming along to the churchyard, to seek her out. What a contrast there wus between these two— this ono paid and gentle and sad eyed, stooping over tho inula graves in tho shadow of the elms ; that other coming along through tho worm evening light, with all ' her usual audacity of gait, tho peach bleoin of health on her check, oarelcssncss nnd content in her clear shining eyes, and tho tuno of Green Slcoves ringing through a perfectly idle brain. Indeed, wlint part o£ her brain may hot havo bcon perfectly idle was bent solely on misohicf. Prudence had been aivay for two or tlireo days, staying with an ailing sister. Ail that story of tho ndventuro with tho unfortu nate young gontleinnn hnd still to be related to her. And again and ngain Judith lmd pic tured to hersolf Prudenco's alarm and the look of her timid oyes, when sho should hoar of such doings ; and had resolved that tho talo would lose nothing in the tolling. Hero, in- docd, was something for two country mnidons to talk about. The even current of their lives was broken but by few surprises ; but hero was something moro than a surprise — something with suggestions of mystery nnd oven dangor Published by special arrangomonts with tho author, All rights reserved. behind it. This was no more going oat to I meet a wizard. Any farm wcnoli might havo an experience of that kind ; any plonghboy de luded by the hopo of digging up silver in ono of his master's fieldH. But a gontlcman in hiding — one that had been at Court — ouo that lmd seen tho King sitting in his chair of state, whilo Ben J onson's masque was opened out be fore the great and noble assemblage — this wns ono to spoak about, truly, ono whoso fortunes nnd circumstances wore like to prove a matter of endless speculation and curiosity. But when J udith drew near to the little gate of tho churchyard, nud Bnw how Prudence was occupied, her heart smote her. Grccn-Blcovcs was all my joy, Green-sleeves was my dollght, went clean out of her head. Thoro was a kind of shamo ou her face ; and whon sho went along to licr friend, sho could not help ex claiming — " How good you nro, Pruo 5" " I T" said tho other, with somo touch of wonder in tho upturned faco. " I fear thnt cannot be said of any of us, Judith," " I would I wero like you, sweetheart," was the answer — with a kit of a sigh. " Liko. mo, Judith ?" said Prudonco, return ing to her task (which was nearly ended now, for sho had hut few more flowers loftl. " Nay, what makes you think that? I wish I wero "far other than I am." "Look now," Judith said, "how you aro occupied at this moment. Is thcro another in Stratford that has Biich a general kindnoss ? How many would think of employing their timo so — how many would como away from their own allairs — ?" "It may bo I havo moro idle time than many," said Prudence, with a slight flush. " But I commend not myself for this work ; in truth no ; 'tis but a pastime j 'tis for my own pleasure." . "Indeed, then, good Pruo, you are mistaken; and that I know well," said tho other, peremp- torily. " Your own pleasure ? Is it no plea sure, then, think you, for them thnt come from ' time to time, and are right glad to see that somo ono has been tending tile graves of their friends or kinsmen ? And do you think, now, it is no pleasure to tho poor people themselves — I mean them that aro gone — to look at you ns you are engaged bo, nnd to- think that they nro not quite forgotten ! Surely it must be a pleasure to them. Surely thoy cannot havo lost all thoir interest in wlmt happens here — in Stratford— whero they lived ; and surely they must be grateful to you for thinking of them and doing them this Itind- ncBs. 1 say it were ill dono of them else. I sny they ought to bo tkankfnl to you. And no duubt they are, could we bnt learn." " J lull tli, Judith, you havo such a hold way of regarding what is all a mystery to tis," said her gentle-eyed friend. " Sometimes you frighten me." "I would I know now," said the other, looking absently across tho river to tho boys that wero playing there, " whether my little brother Hamnet — had you known him you would have loved him as I did, Prudence — I say I wisli I know whether ho is quite happy and content where lie is, or whether lie would not rather bo over there now with tho other boys. If lie looks down and sees them, may it not make him sad sometimes — to bo so far away from us ? I always think of him as being alono there ; and ho was never alone liore. I suppose he thinks of us sometimes. Whenever I hear tho boys shouting out liko thnt at their play, I think of him ; but indeed ho was never noisy and unruly ; my father used to call him the girl-boy, but ho was fonder of him than of . all us others ; ho once enme all the way from London when 1m heard that Hamnet was lying sick of a fovcr." Sho tnrned to see how Prudeneo wns get ting on with her work ; but she wns in no hurry ; and Prudence was patient and scrupu lously careful ; nml tho dead, hnd they been able to speak, would not linvo bade her cease and go away, for a gentler baud never touched n grave. "I suppose it is Grandmother Hatliaway who will go next," Judith continued, in the samo absent kind of way, " but indeed she says sho is right well content either to go or to stay ; for now, ns sho says, sho lias about as ninny kinsfolk tliorc as hero, and sho will not be going among strangers. And well I know she will mako for Hnranot as soon ns she is tliero ; for like my father's love for Bess Hall was her love for tile boy whilo lie was with us. 'i'ell mo, Prudence, linn lie grown np to bo of my ago? You know wo were twins. Is he a man now, so that wo should see him as Bomo ono different ? Or is ho still our little Ham net, just as wo used to know him ?" "How can I tell you, Judith ?" tho other said, nimost iu pain. "You ask such bold questions ; nnd nil these things are hidden from us nnd behind a veil." "But these nre what ono would liko to know," said Judith, with a sigh. " Nay, if you could but toll mo of such things, then you might persuade inc to havo a greater regard for tho preachers; but when you como and aslc about such real tilings, they say it is nil a mystery ; thoy cannot tell ; and would liavo you bo anxious about schemes of doctrine, which are but strings of words. My father, too : when I go to him — nay, but it is many a day sinco I tried — ho would look at me and say, ' What is in yonr brain now ? To your needle, wench, to your needlo !' " " But naturally, Judith 1 Sucii tilings nro mercifully hidden from us now ; but they will bo revoalcd when it is fitting for ns to know them. How could our ordinary lifo bo possible if we knew what wns going on in tho other world? Wo should havo no interest in tho tilings around us ; tiio greater interest would bo so great." "Well, well, woll," said Judith, coming with moro practical eyes to tho present moment, " nro you finished, sweet mouso, and wilt you come away ? What, not satisfied yet ? I wonder if they know tho caro you take. I wonder if one will say to the other, ' Como nnd sco. Sho is thcro again. Wo nro not quite forgotten.' And will you do that for mo, too, sweet l'rtio ? Will yon put some pnnsies on my gravo, too ? — nnd I know you will Bay out of your charity, ' Woll, sho was not good and pious, ns I would liavo hnd her to bo ; bIio hnd plenty of faults ; hut at least sho often wished to bo better than bIio was.' Nny, I forgot," sho added, glancing cnrclessly over to tho church, " thoy say wo shall lie among tho great pcoplo, sinco my father bought tiro tithes — thnt wo linvo tho right to bo buried in the uhancol ; but indeed I know I would an hundred times liefer havo my gravo in the open here, hmong tho grass and the trues."- "Yon aro too young to havo such thoughts as these, Judith," said her companion, as sho rose anil shut down the lid of tho now empty basket. " Como, shall we go ? " " Let us cross tiie footbridge, sweet Prue," Judith said, "nnd go through tho mcaduws nnd round by Clopton's bridge, and so homo ; for I have thnt to tell you will take somo timo ; pray Heaven it startle you not out of your senses withal !" It wns not, however, nntil they had got awny from tho churchyard, and wero out in tho clear golden light of tho open, that sho bogan to toll licr story, Sho had linked her arm within that of hor friend. Her manner was grave ; and if thoro wns nny mischief in hor eyes, it was of a demure kind, not easily detected. She confessed that it was out of mere wanton folly that alio hnd gone to tho spot indicated by tbo wizard ; and without any very definite hope or belief. But ns chnnco would havo it, bIio did encounter a stranger — one, indcod, that was coming to her father's house. Then followed a complete and minute narrative of what tho young man had Baid — tile glimpses ho hail given her of his present condition, both on the occasion of that meeting and of tho subsequent one ; and how sho had obtained his permission to stato these tilings to this gentto gossip of hers. Prudence listened in silence, her oyes oast down j Judith could not see tho gathering concern on her fnco. Nay, tho latter spoko rather in a tone of raillery ; for, having had time to look back over tho young gentleman's confessions, and his manner, and so fortii, she had arrived at a kind of assurance that he was in no such des perate case. There were many reasons why a young man might wish to lio perdu for a time ; but this ono had not talked as if any very im minent danger threatened liim ; at least, if lie had intimated as much, the impression produced upon her was not permanent. And if Jndith now told tho story with a sort of careless bra vado — as if going forth in secret to meet this stranger was a thing of risk and hazard — it wns with no private conviction that there was any particular peril in tho matter ; but rather with the vague fancy that tho adventure looked daring anil romantic, and would appear as something terrible in tbo eyes of her timid friend. But what now happened startled her. Tlicy wore going up the stops of the foot bridge, Prudonco first ; and Judith, following her, bad just got to tiie end of ber story. .Prudence BUildenly turned round, and her face, now op posed to tho westering light, was, as Judith instantly saw, quite aghast. "But Judith, you do not seem to under stand !" sho oxclaimeil, " Was not that the very Btrangor tho wizard said you would meet — tho very hour, tho very place ? In good truth, it must havo been so ! Judith, what manner of man have you been in company with ?" For nn inBtnnt a flush of color overspread Judith's faco ; and she said, with a sort of embarrassed laugh — " Well, and if it were so, sweot mouse ? If that were tho appointed ono, what' then?" Slio was on the briilgo now. Prudeneo caught lier by both hands, and there wa3 an anxious and piteous appeal in tho loving eyes. "Dear Judith, I beseech you, be warned! Have nothing to do with the man ! Did I not say that mischief would coma of planting tiie charm in tiio churchyard, and shaming a sacred place with such heathenish magic ? And nosy look already — here is ono that you dare not speak of to your own people ; lie iB in secret correspondence with you ; Heaven alone knows svhat dark deeds lie may bo bent upon, or what ruin ho may bring upon you and yours. Judith, you are light-hearted and daring, aud you lovo to be venturesomo ; but I know you better than you know yourself, sweetheart ; you would not willingly do wrong, or bring harm on those that love you ; anil for the sake of nil of us — J udith I — havo nothing to do svith this man," Judith was embarrassed, and perhaps a trifio remorseful ; she hail not expected her friend to take this adventure so very seriously. "Dear Prue, yon alarm yoursolf without reason," sho sniil (but there was still somo toll tale color in licr face). " Indeed there is no magic or witchery about the young man. Hnd I seen a ghost, I should havo been frightened, no doubt, for all that Don Hoderigo was with mo ; mid hail I met ono of the Stratford youths at the appointed place, I should have said that perhaps the gnoil wizard had guessed woll ; but this was merely a stranger coming to soo my father ; anil tho chance that brought us together — well, what magic was in that? — it would havo happened to you had you been walking in the lane ; do yon see thnt, dear monse ?— it would have happened to yourself had you hoen walking in tho lane, ami he would liavo asked of you the question that he asked of mo ! Nay, banish that fancy, sweet Prue, else I should bo ashamed to do anything further for tho young mail, that is unfortunate, and very grateful withal for a foiv words of friendliness. And so fairly spoken a young man too ; nnd so courtly in his bearing ; nnd of such a handsome presence " "Bnt, dear J udith, listen to mo ! — ilo not bo led into such peril ! Know yon not that ovil spirits can assume goodly shapes — the Princo of Darknoss himself " Slio could not finish what sho had to say — her imagination was so filled witii terror. "Sweet Pnritan," saiil Judith,, witli a smile, " I know well that lie gooth about liko a raging lion. Booking whom ho may devour ; I know it well ; but believe mo it would not bo worth his travail to haunt such a lonely and useless place ns the lane thnt goes from Sliot- tory to tho Uidfordrond. Nny, but Twill convinco you, good mouse, by tho boat of all evi dence thnt there is nothing ghostly or ovil about tho young man ; yon shall seo him, Prno ; indeed you must and shall ; when that ho comes bank to his hiding I will eontrivo that you shall see him and havo spcceli witli him, and sure yon iviil pity him ' as much as I do. Poor young gentleman, that ho Bhotild bo suspected of being ontan ! Nay, lioiv could ho bo Satan, Prtie, and lio admitted to tho King's Gourt ? Hath not our good ICiug a powerful insight into tho doiugs of witches and wizards and the like j nnd think you ho would allow Satan in person to como into tho very Banqueting Ilnll to see a ninsquo ?" "Jnditli, Judith," siiiil the other piteonsly, " when you strive ligninBt mo with your wit, 'I cannot answer yon ; but my heart tells mo you are in exceeding dangor. I would warn you, dear cousin ; I wero no true friend to you else." , " But you aro best anil tmcst of friends, you dearest l'rne," said Judith, lightly, as sho released her hands from her companion's onrnest grasp, " Como let us on — or wo shall go supporless for the ovening." She passed along and over tho narrow bridge, anil down tho stops on tho other sido. Sho did not_ seem much impressed by Prudence's entreaties ; indeed, Bhe wab singing aloud : Hoy, good follow, I drink to thoo, Pardonncz moi, jo vous oil pric ; To all gooil fellows-u-hcrc'cr thoy lie. With never a penny of monoy 1 Prudence overtook her. "Judith," said she, "even if ho bo not of that fearful kind — even If lie be a real man, and each as he represents himself, bethink you what yon aro doing ! Thcro may be another such gathering as that at Dimchureh ; and would you be in correspondence with a plotter and murderer ? Nay, what was't yoti asked of mo the other day 1" she added suddenly ; and she stood still to confront her friend, with a now alarm in her eyes, "Did you not ask whethor your father was well affected towards tho Papists ? Is thcro another plot — another treason ngainst tho King — and you would har bor one connected with such a wicked, godless anil bloodthirsty plan ?" " Nay, nay, sweet mouse. Have I not told you ? Ho declares lie lias naught to do with any such enterprise ; and if you would but seo him, Prudence, you would bolievo him. Suro I am that you would believe him instantly. Why, now, there bo many reasons why a young gentleman might wisli to remain concealed — " " None, Judith, none !" the other said, 'with decision. " Why should an honest man fear the daylight?" " Oil, as for that," was tho careless answer, " there be many an honest man thnt has got into tho clutches of tho twelve-in-the- hundreil rogues ; nnd when the writs nre out against such an one, I hold it no blame that he would rather bo out of tho way than ho thrown among the wretches in Bocardo. I know well what i speak of ; many n timo have I heard my father nnd your brother talk of it ; how the rogues of usurers will keep a man in prison for twelve years for a matter of 10s. — what is it thoy call it— making dice of his bones ? Anil if tho young gentleman fear such treatment and the horrible company of the prisons, I marvol not that ho should prefer the fresh air of Bidford, howsoever dull the lifo at the farm may be." "Ami if that were all, why should ho fear to bring tho letter to your father?" tho other said, witli a quick glance of suspicion ; she did not like the way in which Judith's ready brain coulil furnish forth such plausible conjectures and excuses. "Answer mo that, Judith. Is your father one likely to call aloud and havo tho man taken, if that lie all thnt is against him ? Why should lie bo afraid to brihg the letter from your father's friend ? Nay, why should he be on the way to the house witli it, anil thereafter atop short, and change hi3 uiind? There is many a mile betwixt London and Stratford ; 'tis a marvellous tiling he should travel all that way, and change his mind within a few minutes of being in the town. I lovo not such dark ways, Judith ; no good tiling can come of them, but evil ; nnd it wero ill dono of you — even if you be careless of danger to yourself, as I trow you mostly aro — i say it is ill done of you to risk the peaco of your family by holding such dangerous con verse with a stranger and one that may bring harm to us all." Judith was not well pleased ; her mouth became rather proud, " Marry, if this ho your Christian charity, I would not give a penny ballad for it I" Raid she, with somo bitterness of tone. " I had tlioughttlie story hadanothertenching — I mean the story of him that fell among thieves and was beaten and robbed nnd left for dead ; and that we were to give a helping hand to such, like the Samaritan. But now I mind mo 'twas the PrieHt that passed by on tho other sido — yes, tho Priest and the Levito — tho godly ones who would preservo a whole skin for themselves and let the other die of his wounds tor aught they eared I And hero is a young man in distress — alono nnd friendless — nnd when ho would have a few words of cheer fulness, or a message, or a scrap of news as to what is going on in the world — No, no, say the Priest and the Levitc, go not near him ; because he is in misfortune he is dangerous, because lie is alone lie is a thief and a murderer, perchance a pirate, liko Captain Ward and Donsoknr, or even Catesby himself come alive again. I say God kcop us all from sucii Christian charity I" "You use mo ill, Judith," said tho other, and then was silent. They walked on through the mcadowB ; and Judith was watching the play of the boys. As sho did so, a leather ball, Btruck a surprising distance, came rolling almost to her feet, anil fortwith ono of tho lads camo running niter it. She picked it up and threw it to him — threw it awkwardly ami clumsily 03 a girl throws, but nevertheless sho saved him some distance nnd time, and she was rewarded witli many n loud " Thank you I— thank you I" from the sido who were out. But when they got past the players and their noise, Prudence could no longer keep silent ; she had a forgiving disposi tion, and nothing distressed her so much ns being oil unfriendly terms with Judith. " You know I meant not that, dear Judith," said site. " I only meant to shield you from barm," As for Judith, all such trivial and tempo- rary clouds of misunderstanding were in stantly swallowed up in the warm and radiant suuuiuess of her nature. She broke into a laugh. Anil so yon snail, uear mouse, saiu she, gaily, " you shall shield me from tho reproach of not having a common aud ordinary share of humanity ; that shall you,, dear Pruo, should the unfortunate youug gentleman como into tho neighborhood agniu ; for you will road to me tho message that ho sends to mo ; nnd to gether wo will devise somowhnt on his behalf. No ? Aro you afraitl to go forth and meet the pirato Dnnsoknr V Do you expect to find the ghost of - Gamaliel liatsoy walking on tho Kvcsliaui-road ? Such Billy fears, dear Prue, do not become you: you ato no longer a child." " Yon aro laying too henvy a burden on mo, Judith," the other said, rather sadly. " I know not what. to do ; and yoit say i may not nsk counsel of any one. Aud if i do nothing, i am still taking a part." " What part, then, but to read a few- words and hold your peace?" said hor companion, lightly. " What is that ? But I know you will not stay tliero, sweet mouso. No, no ; your heart is too tender ; I know you would r not willingly do nny ono an injury, or harbor suspicion and slander ; you Bhall como anil seo the young gontleman, good Pruo, ns i say ; and then you will repent in saokcloth and ash 03 for all that yon have urged against him. And perchance it may be in Now'Placo thai you shall see him " A-h. Jnditli, that were well I" exclaimed ii xrr.0r! with a brighter light on her face. t\ hat . Would yon desire to sec him, iE ho were to pay us a visit ?" Judith said, regard, rag her with a smile. ' Surely , surely, after what you hava told me ; wliy not, Judith?" was the placid answer. ther/''"CrG W0U nothing ghostly about him "There would bo no secret, Judith," said Prudonco, gravely, "that you have to keep back from your own people." "Well, well, wo will seo what the futuro p.. said Judith, in the same careless fashion, " And if tho young gentlemen come not back to Stratford, why, then, good for tune attend him wherever lie may bo ; for ono that speaks so fair and is so modest suro de serves it. And if ho como not back, thei shall your heart bo all the lighter, dear Pruo ; nnd as for mine, mine will not bo troubled only, that I wish him well, as I say, anil would fain hear of his better estate. So all is so fan happily settled, sweet mouse ; aud you may go in to supper with me with untroubled cyca and a free conscience : marry, there is need for that, as I bethink rae ; for Master Parson comes this evening, and you know you must have a pure and joyful heart with you, good Prudence, when you entcr into the congregation of the saints." "Judith, for my sake I" " Nay, I meant not to offend, trnlv ; it was my wicked idle tongue, that I must clap a bridle on now — for listen I " , They were como to New Place, There was singing going forward within ; and ono or two of tho casements wero open ; hut perhaps it was the glad and confident nature of tile psalm that led to the words being so clearly heard without : Tbo nun is blest tbat hath not bent To wicked redo his cap Nor led his life as sinners do, Nor sat In scorncr's chair. But in the law of Clod tho Lord Doth act his whole delight ; And in that law doth exercise Himself both day and night. Do phnll bo like the tree thatgroweth Faat by the river's side ; Which brinseih forth most pleasant fruit In her due time aud tide ; Whose leaf shall never (ado nor fall, But flourish still and stand : Even so all things shall prosper well That this man takes in hand. And bo, having waited until tho singing ceased, they entered into the house; anil found two or three neighbors assembled tiuxs ; and Master Walter was just about to begin his discourse on the godly life, anil the sub stantial comfort and sweet peace of mind per taining thereto. Somo few days after this, and towards tho hour of noon, the mail bearer came riding post haste into the town ; and in due course tho contents of his saddle bags were distributed among the folk entitled to" them. But before tiie newsletters had been carefully spelled out to tho end, a strange rumor got abroad. Tho French King was slain ; and by the hand of an assassin. Some, as the tidings passed quickly from mouth to mouth, said tho murderer was. named liavelok, others Havelok, but as to tho main fact of tho fearful crime having been committed there was no manner of doubt- Naturally the bruit of this affair presently reached J uliiis Shawe's house ; and when the timid Prudence heard of it — nnd when sho- thought of the man who had been in hiding, and who had talked with Judith, and hail been so suddenly and secretly summoned away her faco grew even paler than its wont, and there was a sickly dreail at her heart. She would go to seo Judith at onco ; and yet sho scarcely- dared to breathe even to herself the terriblo forebodings that were crowding iu on her mind, 