Prayer. BY JOSEPH PABKEB, D.D. Almighty God, we would hide ourselves in Thy love. Thy love is an infinite pavilion in which there is defence for every trustful soul. We say this in the triumph given unto us by the grace that is in Christ Jesus. We need no other refuge; we are at rest in Thy love. Receive us, every one, ond give every heart to feel the joy of Divine and infinite security. We love Thy name, We look up unto the bills whence cometh our help, and, behold, they are higher than our imagining, stronger than all we can think—the hills of God, the mountains of light, the everlasting fortresses which giveprotection to the souls loving the Saviour and living in Him. Come to us this new year and make it the brightest of all our time. Thou hast yet more wondrous things to do in us, and by us, and for us. Thy miracles are not ended; Thy revelations are not spent; Thou still hast the light that can enlarge our outlook and make us glad with higher joy. We will not believe that the fouutain of Thy grace can be dried up j We will look for the living water, and looking we snail surely find it—there is a look of the heart which Thou canst not deny. We, there fore, come in quest of the living stream, the holy river— the blessed gift of God to the thirst of the immortal soul. We come in the name that is above every name, and, therefore, we shall not be sent empty away. We have victory assured in the name which we breathe. The name of JeBUS cannot fail, if we pronounce it with our faith and love; it is an answer to our prayer, a fulfilment of our desire, an inspiration of our truest hope. Show us that the name of Jesus Christ is full of riches, full of grace, full of meaning. May we dwell upon it; may we appeal to it continually that it may snBwer us with great replies and satisfy us with infinite satisfactions. We would be led farther into the heavenly fields than yet we have travelled; we would see brighter visions than yet we have gazed upon; we would hear the innermost voice and music of Thy truth that steals upon the listening soul and gives delight in secret, causing the life to be filled with new courage that it may fight God's battles in the open day. Wherein we have done evil, let the Lord be pitiful unto us, and astonish us by renewals of grace ; may the hill of our sin be overshadowed by the infinite mountains of God's grace. Where sin abounds, may grace much more abound, so as to cast into forgetfulness the mistakes, the infirmities, the errors, and the crimes of our life. This is our one hope: that Christ is stronger than our enemy, Christ is richer in resources than the foe plighted to be against us evermore. We will trust in Christ, we will rest in Clirist, we will hide ourselves behind Christ; we have no other hope; we ask no other defence. Thou knowest our desires, our necessities ; Thou knowest our innermost thought and wish. Thou wilt give us answers according to Thy reading of our hearts, rather than to our utterance of desire. Thou wilt say " No," where it is good for us that our prayer should be rejected. Thou wilt correctly read all the circumstances which make up our life, and to them, in all their wondrous combination and inexpressible meaning, Thou wilt give the answer of Thy love. Hold Thou us up and we shall be safe. Wherein we have done wrong, pity us; wherein we have done aright, the praise be Thine, for we did it against ourselves and against an infinite pressure. ThiB is Thy miracle, and we will praise it as the wonder of heaven. Wherein Thou hast said in Thy counsel, " This year thou shalt die," make the way easy, make the downward slope a gentle one, and send such mitigations of fear as sball turn apprehension into triumph. Wherein Thou hast ealled any of us to new trial or suffering or endurance, may we bear it heroically as men sustained by grace Divine, and encouraged by exceeding great and precious promises. Let Thy blessing go forth to our houses, to our sick-chamber, to all the little ones, whose prayers are best because they are wordless, and are but upward looks with meaning in them Thou alone canst understand. Go with those who have gone far away, who have joined themselves unto citizens in countries where there is no Cross, no Christ, no knowledge of God. Bring back the wanderer whilst we hold the door open to receive him. The Lord make us glad this year because lost cliildren are born again unto us, and wanderers are come home. Upon the whole church, redeemed with blood, let the mercy and the grace and the peace of God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost rest in multiplied abundance. Bring all believing hearts nearer to God. Establish in love and confidence and union all who name the name of Jesus Christ. And thus, as the years come and go—yea, go in their coming—may we grow in grace and in the knowledge of our Lord Jesus Christ, and find, at last, that we have been all the while undergoing preparation, not for death, but for higher life, for wider service, for profounder worship. Amen. 