EVEIYN. , (WaiTum FOB ths zbadsh.)- BY B, la Chatter XIX. Northcoto bos been realising that worn came into the world as a cursa since last we saw him, just one year ago. Book at him as bo stands on tho deck of tho steamer, bounu from Sydney to Melbourne, nnd you wilt see that ho is much changed. Hard work, scant faro, a northern Queensland summer, witn its heat, its plague of flying things, and its ma laria have done their work, nnd tho man now stands before us,. thin and yellow, the ghost « his /ormcr solf. iTho expression of his face, |oo Is changed. Its oalm cheerfulness is .gone and a look of settlod sadness is in the deep' set oyes. Something moro than climnte there must bo to account for this— some gnaw ing sorrow, wearing and depressing, until the former man is scarcely to bo recognised. Ho lias, in truth, been very unhappy. In losing ail hope of winning Evelyn lie seemed to havo lost the vory spring of his life. When ho went to that rough, now station in Queens- land, he imagined ho was doing the best xliing to deaden regret; that the life, with its con stant work, and tho demands upon thought and ingenuity, always made whire tho man breaks now ground, wonld bo sufficiont to fill his mind for tho present, and to the influence of timo's destroying power ho thought he might safely lcavo the rest. Ho was mist aken. The life was too lonely for an unhappy wan, and, in spite of his industry, thoro woro many hours when he found himself froo to think and think until ho thought he should havo gone mad. Then ho was prostrated by fevor, aud when ho arose, enfeebled aud languid, lie found him self less able than over to combat the gnawing foeling of regret forever at his heart. At last ho formed a resolution to make n thorough change in his way of lifo ; to givo up his pre sent occupation for one that would bring him into contact with other men and women. Soli tude, ho realised, was now impossible to Mm. Whilst turning tho matter over aud over in his mind, tho news reached him of tho death of an old aunt, in England, by which ho camo into a modest compotonco of £500 a year. His plans were now speedily made —a darling wish of his heart could bo fulfilled. He would go, at once, to Germany and study music thoroughly. Ho had always cherished a wild hope of ono day becoming a composer, but bis Ignoranoo of tho theory of tho art had hitherto stood in the way of his trying his powers in that direction. Ho could improvlso by tbo hour when seated at tho piano, bnt technical difficulties prevented his commit ting his efforts to pnpor. He felt quite an un- Usna! thrill of hopo and exultation when ho learned that a golden key had freed him from bis prison honso of narrow circumstances, When ho arrived in Melbourne ho met at Mb hotel aomo men lio knew, and from them bo heard, to bis great surprise, that Evelyn was still unmarried. He might have heard it before, had ho not pnrpoBely and obstinately refrained during the past year from seeking any Information on tho subject. Ho felt glad at tho news— why ho could not tell — for it in spired him with no hopo. Sho had not loved him In the past, when everything was new, and she bad seen nothing of the world, and why should be think that now with her enlarged experlonco, such a thing could bo possible? No, no, ho was not such a fool as to hopo more from tho present than he had found In the past. But still ho would liko to see her, just once, before leaving Australia forever, and when ho heard Bhe was in Melbourne, visiting some friends, and would probably bo at a ball to be given that very night, he gladly accepted tho good offlcos of ano of his acquaintances who offered to got hiin an invitation. Yes, after three years it would bo interest ing to seo what kind of flower tho bud bad riponed into 1 What if it added to bis pain ! A man must learn to suffer, to suffer and be strong, or else be were worthless. Besides on the other hand he might find tho old charm bad vanished, and be wonld bo free. Free ! Only think of it, after bis long bondage 1 But did be wish liis freedom ? Alas, no 1 Bike a poor spiritless slave he had 'earned to hug his oliains. Ho was early, that night, in arriving at tho ball, and nftur saluting his hostess, he placed himself at a point whence be could command the entrance, and so, easily nee all comers. Time dragged on, and still he stood. Many women glanced at liim in passing, and wondered who tho stranger with the interest ing (ace could bo, but ho had eyes only for tho door. At last his patienco was rewarded. Ho heard a Mr. and Mrs. Somebody, whose names he did not catch announced, and with them Miss Godwin. For a few seconds his heart beat violently, and a mist obscurod his eyes. Then ho recovered himBclf, and looked attentively at the woman lio had loved, and as he saw at a glance, unhappily for his piece of mind, must ttlll love. Her form was as slight, her faco as delicate and refined as ever, but there was a calm and dignity in her maimer, which were new and rather alarming to liim. It seemed very Dlrange to sco the childish Evelyn of three years ago, now receiving and returning the salutations of her friends and acquaintances with tho perfect ease and solf possession of a well brod woman of the world. Little ns lie knew about dress, bo could see, too, that liora was perfect. There was a harmony and grace about everything sho woro that couvoycd no much to his (in these matteiw) dull, masculiuo mind, ne marked her gloves, that clang without a crease to her slender hands, her beautiful bouquet, her fan cf sort, waving white feathers, and all these elegant appointments, joined to tho oxtromo leGncnior.twliicli hnd always, more than beauty, been tho peculiar characteristic of her appear ance, made lum feel there was a great gulf bo- tween this delicate morsel of humanity and a rough bualtman liko himself. So ho stood on, moodily observing, without attempting to ap proach her. Sho passed him once so near that her eapoury dress toucfao I him, but aim did not see him, and no good spirit whispered to her that tho inau of all others in tho world, who lovod her beat, was witbin a few yards of her, looking down upon hor with oyes whoso story tlioso who ran might have road. "Who was that man, sun burned, and looking very ill, loaning in tho doorway as wo passed?" asked her partner. 1" I did see him," Evolyn replied, care- \- When she returned to tho drawingroom ho wa Bone. Unable to bear in publio tho Btorm ®« feeling the eight of her had aroused in his cast, he had loft tho house, and was now Walking, through tho Bilcut streets of the 'ic ln w'1'c" 'ho boll was given, thinking ei the past, or rather not thinking at all, but With his heart and brain on fire, a 'ow days I shall bo gone. When onco «»1 a' cun£CD'al work, I shall bo a man Win, ho said to himself, later on, when ho grew calmen Ho did not attempt to go to »««— 0n r!jc £ hotel, but read by bio bod- W.v1 un'" "'o chill morning light crept f».n„ r„oon,i bringing to tho weary man a ii ® oi cold ami exhaustion that induced Mm-Jit ,oy. himself on his bed, covering merrl/ii i' ,8 railway rug. A dreamless sleep iiully deadened his senses ; when ho again openod his eyes tha taorning was far ad vanced. Two days later he drove to the railway sta tion, with Ins luggage. His stoamer was to start timt afternoon. On jumping out of tho cab, he found himself almost faco to face with L\ clyii. Sho looked 'at him ' with amaze nient. "Mr. Northcote !" sho exclaimed. "Oh I am so glad to soo you ! Come into the station with mo. I have not a minute to loso. My tram ia just going." Like one in a dream, .Northcote followed her. Sho hastily gave directions about her luggage, and not until sho was seated in the railway carriago, had she an opportunity of Bay ing another word to her' bid friend. Then she said: " How unfortunate I did not' know you were in town ! Bnt you will oome to 'Illawonga and seo us— Jean and me— will you not? On Tuesday next— will tliat suit your arrongo- ments '!" ' " V " "Yea," replied Northcote, "I will come, with pleasure." The signal was- given, The train was just off. / " Good bye," said Evelyn putting her hand ihrongh the window, into his. Another moment, and Bhe was gone. ' f Northcote stood looking after the train, un til a broad grin on tho faeo of one of tho por- terB aroused him to a sense of his surround ings. _ " What a fool I am !" ha thought, -with a sigli, and then went ont, and told his as tonished cabman, who knew his faro had in tended going by tho mail steamer, to drive back to liio liotul. On reviewing Ms conduct, Northcoto was at first exceedingly angry with himself. At a word from a woman who did not oaro a straw for liim, ho had allowed his plana to bo cora- plotoly upset. What a fool eho wonld think him, if she ever osmo to know that ho had allowed his steamer to go without him, for tho soko of enjoying a few days of her society ! What a fool ho was too ! Bat after all thoro was tho sweetness of it. He would livo in the same Iioubo with her, would seo her at all times, would hear her voice, occasionally touch her hand. It would bo something ta take with liim — tho memory of this littlo visit —into tho untried lifo he was soon to bogin. Ho began to be glad that ho had been a fool, although ho never for a moment imagined this visit could load to other tliinzs. He fully belioved it was to ho the last ho should over pay her, for ho had no intontion of hanging about a woman, who had shown so decidedly by her conduct that sho could not lovo him. Ho still intendud to lcavo Australia, and try his fortunes in a musical career, In Germany, but be was gla'd, on reflection, that ho had not rejected the opportunity of seeing something, before his doparturo, cf her he had loved, and alas, still loved. Chapter XX. Evening was closing in, when, on the following Tuesday, Northcoto found himself drawing near to Illawonga. How familiar the last few miles had seemed to him, how full of thoughts sweet and bitter I . The firsts thing that struck him,, on approqehiug tho house .was, that the garden was much improved. In the dim light ho could see that it had been enlarged, and that it was in perfect order. In tha old days it bad been badly kept. A largo rosary had been made near tbo sittingroom window, and it was now luxuriant with its wealth of flowers. Honeysuckle, mignonette, baronia and other ewect smelling plants mingled their perfumos in tho soft evening air, in. delicious coufosion. As tha buggy ncarod the house the door openod, and Evelyn, Jean, and two servants stood on tho verandah awaiting the traveller. Immediately on entering the honso he folt bewildered — every tiling was so changed. There were what appeared to be Pompeian frescoes on tho walls, soft Oriental carpets under foot, oiirtnins of rich colors at tha windows and doorways, and hanging antique, silver lamps overhead. Small paintings and statuettes were against the walls; and a grand piano occupied a corner of the room. Through a draped door another roam was visible that was new to Northcote, and the well furnished .book shelves that met hie eyo explained its use. Everywhere were ferns and roses, and in one of tho windows stood a great marble trough, elaborately carved, full of flowers. All wasindeed chanced— even Evelyn, who stood so calm, so smiling, in a dress that was only oi soft, .creamy muslin certainly, but which, even to Northcote's eyo, showed unmistakeablo signs of a Parisian brain having planned, and Parisian fingers having executed its combina tion of simplicity and elegance, " You have made groat changes," he said, with a half suppressed sigh, as he looked around him, " I hope you do not regret the simplicity of tho past," said Evelyn. " I know, but too well, it was more consistent with a bush cottage than this sophisticated stylo, but I liko to be Inconsistent. It makes life n littlo more interesting than it would othorwiso be." She flushed a little as she spoke, and looked less calm than usual. Northcoto noted this, and concluded, in his own mind, that sho regretted her lost lover— how lost, of courso ho did not know — and that all this studied luxury of surroundings had been part of what had probably been a great effort to drown care. Ho knew what such efforts were. Had not his own life, during tho last year, been made up of littlo else ? It was to bo hoped alio hnd been more successful than ho ia her attempts. That, doubtless, the next few days would reveal to liim. A few words more, aud then Northcote went to liis room to dress for dinner, nis thoughts rnu, in apita of hiimolf, on tho night of his first arrival at Illawonga, now long ago; of tho grim old servant who had first received him ; of Mr. Godwin, with his air of refine ment and suffering ; of Evelyn, the innocent, wondoring child, who hung on iiis words, aud looked np to him ns a marvel for all ho lia I seen, and all ho knew, now little sho, witli her now lights, wonld think it now. Truly time works wondors. On going back to tho sitting room, as, in spito of its changed aspect, it was still called, he found tlio littlo party asiomblod— Evelyn, Jean aud a Mr. ami Mrs. Scott. He, a tall, hsndsomo man, with hair turning grey, and a closely cropped beard. His wife, a pretty littlo woman, with largo blue eyes and golden bair, bnt with a sunken chest, and a hectic flush on her cheeks. Northcote found, later on, that Mr. Scott wan Evelyn's agent, anil that' his wife was making a lengthened stay at Illawonga for the good oi her health. Tbo ovoning passed very pleasantly. There was much coDvorsation, mostly about foreign travel, for nil present had at one time or anotlierseen something of Europe. Had itnot boeu that Ranger was lying at liis feet, having recognised and greeted liim with wild delight, Northcoto would have had much difficulty in realising that he was indeed ut Illawonga, and not in tho town drawingroom of soma elegant woman of fashion. He felt angry at times with Evelyn for having so completely changed tho face of things. "Sho has developed into a heartless, selfish woman, of fashion, with no thought beyond tho comfort and beauty of her own life," He retracted this before bo bad been many days at the station. He found that the changes were not, by any moans, confined to her own dwelling houso. At the little village, soma fire miles, off sho was spoken of with love and veneration.: She and Jean, whenever the need arose, were angels of. goodness to tho sick and Buffering, and she had instituted a free library anil stocked it with many instructive and into, resting books, whioh were at tho service of her own people aud of those employed by others in , the neighborhood, Jean anted as librarian and spoke highly of the care whioh was taken of tho books, and also of the pnnotuality with whioh they were returned. Ho found, too, that the isolation of Illawonga was at an ond. From far and wido tho noiglihers came to the pleasant entertain ments given by Evelyn, and lie loarned that his old friend, Madge Richfield, had passed a portion of her honeymoon there, before leaving for an extended bridal tour in Europe, " What changes 1" ho constantly exclaimed. Soino days passed before he revealed to Evelyn his plan of life in the future, It was when returning from a long ride, that he at last unfolded it. He and Evelyn had separated themselves from the rest of tho party, Sho was much surprised, and for a while said nothing. Ho went on, growiug enthusiastic about the glory of a musician's lifo, until at last, struck by her silence, ho asked outright for her sympathy, " Toll mo you think I am acting wisely. Doubtless I could mako more money out hero, but money is not everything. I havo enough to live on comfortably, even luxuriously, witli my simplo tastes, and I shall bo leading a con genial lifo, developing my talent, if I possess any, or at least seeking my level, which I am well aware may prove a humiliating one. In any case I shall bo on the way to knowlodge, and for my associates I shall have men de voted to art, It will not bo an utterly selfish existence either, lor in Gormuny, five hundred a year for a Bobomian will seem a fortune, and I shall often ho able to do a good turn ta some fellow poorer than myself." Evolyn being Btill silent, he turned and looked at her. To his amazement she was silently weeping. " Good heavens !" ho exoloimod, " what have I said to grieve you V In reply sho merely raised her hand, as though bogging for time to recover, herself. Ho was, of courso, silent, and they rode on whilst tlio day . went, out and tho dusk of even ing enveloped them. Not until they reached the house did they speak again. He was ut terly lost as to the meaning of this demonstra tion. When thoy had dismounted he put his hand on her arm to detain her. "Evelyn!" It was the first time he had called her by her Christian name since the old days. " Evelyn," he went on, tell me what is tho matter ?" " I think you are very heartless, that is all,'.' was the astounding reply. " For a whole year you never Bent me a word. I did not even know whether you Were alive or dead. And now, when we have met again, by accident, I find yon full of delight at the thought of going away, whore in all human probability we. shall never meet. I think you are most' unkind." "Unkind, Evelyn! I! How could I possibly know that you would care to see me again? Ob, is it really possible that you do caro J" Evelyn seemed rather frightened at his vehe mence, aud shrank a littlo from him. " Of course I care," she answered gently. "Are you not my oldest friend ?" Which reply was as chilling to poor Northcote, as the most well considered enub could have been. Evelyn was not at all pleased with herself on the evening of the ride, and was silent and ab- Btraoted ia consequouco. Fortunately the Scotts were very musical, ho, singing very well, and she playing bis occompauiincnts, with much prido ia his performances j comparing, in her own miud, the robust, English ballads that so admirably suited bis style, with the wild, sad, German songs in which Northcote . de lighted, very much to the advantage of the former. Evelyn sat waving her large, white, feather fan, and Btroking old Ranger's head, as it rested on her knee. No, she was not at all pleased with herself. Before Northcote's arrival she had resolved to kcop well in tbo baokground the unreasonable delight she feltlu knowing he was once more near her. What though she bad discovered she had loved him always— that her infatuation for Carlo was liko a fover — hot, sudden, delirious and transient ? What though sho had fully realised that, oven had sho uover known of tho count's infidolity and falsehood, tlioir whole way of looking at lifo was so utterly different, that discord must inevitably liavo ensued upon their union ? With a shudder she thought of his violent fits of jealousy, and witli aoarcoly less horror of tho passionate demonstrations with which lie would strivo to make her forget liis outbreaks. It was liko niaduc.su from beginning to end, But though sho now fully recognised this, and acknowledged that through everything there had been an undercurrent of teoling for Northcote, whioh for a time had made itself felt only by a constant reference, always going on in her mind, to what Northcoto would say, or think, of this aud that, nevertheless she felt that she could uover respect herself again, should he ever discover the stato of hor feelings towards liim. She had been like the dog in tho fabio — sho had preferred tho shadow to tho substance, and, liko tlio dog, sho must abide by her loss. This was, in a measure, tho courso of reasoning that had brought her to tlio determination of waintaiuing a reservo witli Northcoto, She had dona it well, until this wretched afternoon. Stie had always been perfectly calm and solf possessed, kind, as ono naturally would he to an old friend who was one's guest, but olio had given no sign of a deopor feeling than friendship, and hail con gratulated herself on her euccoM. It had boon a bard won victory, for during her year of quiet sho bad discovered, to her own dismay, that she loved Northcoto vory dearly, and that a plan of lifo without him Seemed foolish and impossible, However, she had trained herself almost to bollovo it must be possible, for, as the months passed, after her return to Aus tralia, aud he mado no sign, she, never doubting that ho knew of her broken engage ment and return to Illawonga, had settled it in her own mind that if he hnd ever loved ber oven, he had conquered the feeling, very likely wlion lie heard sho was going to ha married. Or pothaps, and moro likely, in the three years . that had eiapsod sinco last they had met, he had seen somebody whoso attractions had de stroyed all former fancies. Aud now his own words roso up ia judgment against him — the confidenced ho had reposed in her concerning , .his frantic pnBuions for tho Friiuloin, and, later on, for his oruel cousin, " Yei," Erelyn thought. " There is no doubt about it. I . now belong to his past — to hie memories." Sometimes sho thought of leaving Illawonga altogether, she was so constantly reminded of Northcote, when there, in many ways ; but on consideration she decided this would bo a weak, despicable courso to take, and that sho would rather endure, until sho had lived down tho pain, ond could, like Jean and many other sensible women, mako up her mind to give up all thought of love. She was just beginning to flatter herself that this happy time was ap- proaoliing when sho mot Northcote at the railway station, and tho mere sight of him aroused saoli a etorm of feeling in her heart that she speedily recognised she had not, by any means, won her battle yet, and the very moment after she had asked him to Illawonga Bhe reproached herself, vehemently, for having done so. Joan noticed on the evening in question, that the two scarcely exchanged a word, and bIio wondered whnt this meant. She had her own ideas as to how matters were going, which sho sensibly kept to herself. Liko many qn outsidor and looker on, sho saw mora of the game than those moat intimately conoornod in it. Tho awkwardness and restraint that bad suddenly sprung up botween Northcote- and Erelyn did not abate ns days went on. He, passionately in love with ber, had made np bis mind that sho would never look upon him in any other light than that of a friend, and was afraid to speak freely to her, lest he should break into some demonstration of what ho looked upon as his hopoless folly. She, on the- other hand, cqaally in love, thought he bad conquered tho fecliug sho believed be had cherished for her three years before, and, knowing her own woakness, so brought home to her-by her uneontroliablo emotion on the day of tbo ride, entrenched herself behind a barricade of coldness and reserve. And so they went on, these foolish young people ; whilst the day of separation drew nearer and nearer, so near, at last, that now bnt one short night must pass before Northcote's departure, before his going out into this untried world in which lio hoped to find peaco of mind. Happiness he did not expect to meet with, "After all," bo consoled himself by thinking, "that is a rare plant, which bnt few of tho dwellers on earth are destined to Gnd." All possibility of his ever finding it, he firmly believed would coaso when he left Illawonga. And yet ho must go. Ho could not bang on tliere for ever, in the vain hope that some day Evelyn might love him. Ho had too much pride for that. Such thoughts as these were drifting through his mind as he sat by Evelyn's side, cn the broad verandah, looking out into tho moonlit night. The day had been hot and uncom fortable, but in tho evening tbo scorching wind hod fallen, and now there was a stillness that seemed full of reposo, after the turbulence of the day. . Mrs. . Scott had retired to bed with a head ache, and Mr. Scott, in oonseqnence, like the devoted husband he was, was wandering about in a discontented mood, trying to soothe his unrest by smoking. Jean was also on the verandah, at some little distance from tho others. Evelyn had been very silent all day, and had looked pale and depressed. "You will write to me sometimes, will you not, Mis3 Godwin ?" said Northcoto, breaking the silence. " Of courso I will, if you wish it," was tho reply. " But why do you call me Miss Godwin ? You have always called me Evelyn, and it is scarcely worth white to change the old order of things mow," " Yon were such a ohlld when first I knew you ;but I havo sometimes thought, since, I was rather presuming upon our long ncquain. tanceship in still oaillng you by your Christian name." "Five years," said Evelyn, dreamily, "it is neariyflve years since you eame to IUawonga, What changes there have been sinco then !" And then they began to speak of tho past ; of Mr. Godwin ; of tho early music lessons ; of poor, faithful old Janet. The ice between tbem was melting fast. The knowledge they were so soon to part, in ail probability for ever, seemed to unfetter their tongues, and for : tho first time they apoko of Evelyn's engage ment to the young Count Ragazzi. North cote was astounded at what ho now board, and at the tone of positive loathing in which Evelyn spoke of the Italian. He had had an idea that sho still loved him. Why he should have thought so, he could not bavo told. Then bo began to speak, at first in a remote way, of tho effect tho news of tho engage ment had produced upon him. Thou they both grow silent again. Jean, seeing how confidential they had become, retired to the sitting room and her knitting. "I don't think he will go to morrow," alio said to herself, and ringing for tea, partook of it in solitude. Ten o'clock struck, bedtime at Illawonga, end stilt she could hear tho low murmur of voices on tho verandah. Once tho sweet duet was interrupted by a heavy footfall and a loud voioo proclaiming the weather to ba "beastly, " and tlio next moment Mr. Sco'.t walked into the roiui, where lie found more sympathy from Jean, than he had met witli from tho young people outside. But in Bpite of it tlio poor man was restless, and at last announced his intention of going to bed. Eleven o'clock struck, and the servant come in to close the doors aud windows. "You can go to hod," said Jean, "I will put out tlieso fights, and lock up." Still sho eat, aud waited, and still she could hear tlio low murmur from without. Hor hauds lay idly now in her lap, and her head drooped rather sadly. Too well aba know what that long tclc-a-tete on tho verandah meant ; hor work hero was dene — Evolyn needed her no more. Her tears fell fast as she thought of it, for she loved hor young cousin bettor than anyono else in the world. " Ab, well," sho thought, "oven if I were a mother, I might be subjected to this, and thank God, I shall give up my darling fo a good man. When I think of what might have happened, I have indeed cause for grati tude." At this moment Evelyn camo in from tho verandah, Sho knelt by Joan, and put her arm around her, T 'Yon will give us your blessing, doar old Jean, will you not? Only think of it, Noel has always loved me ; and, oh, Jean, through misunderstanding ono another wo might havb been parted for ever." "Where is ho now?" aeked poor Jean cheerfully, fondly caressing the girl. " Gono to walk ten miles to sober himself, ha said," replied Evelyn laughing, " for that not being used to happiness it had gone to Lis head," Nothing now remained to bo done, bnt to write to Mr. Forrester, announcing the engage ment, and asking his approval of it. In reply, Northcoto received a long letter, in whioh all the unhappy circumstances of Mr. Godwin's married life woro related, and which also told how, by a strange chance, Evelyn had met hor unknown niothor in Roma. Soon after this the marriage took place, and Jean returned to England. Silo conldnot bb induced to remain at Illawonga. "You do not need mo now," she said, " and I will go back to my old work." Evelyn never knew who the countess really Was, In doferenee to her father's wish that she. should not know that her mother wab still living, tho secret was kept from her. She heard after her marriage, and qnite by chance, that the young oonnt hod married aft American heiress, but of the countess she never heard again, The Esc. 