Waiting to ScaleA Hv A.W. Jbortv y arshave now gone since I first todly trod JJ's sttnnrland's turf (then a virginal scd)! e of Llfe s ea 'y colonial r->ce W!th odds dead against, and killing tiie pace. Th« going \va6"hea\y, the country was rough _.ut heu-ts were as stout as sinews were tough. The flutters of cripples, the scrambles of weeds. Had no pi Ce then in thought, much less so ln deeds! I's ' i.ust forty years has Time sounded the knell, 4.noughit seems but a week since the starter's fla: 5Un ivC be?9 %Q=>e gone by the moss mantled grey TeL the veteran tout's " time " is true to the day! 4n 4 there .was many a good man and true, But the fair straight ruu home was reached by s- few"; J 'Some rushed the first timber — they lay where thev fell— - Shattered rail, soiled silk, told the tale but too well. Some a waiting race rode, when the first " b'ow " wa- oer, . . " Hands firm, light, and low, cool head, and set jaw ; For they knew in fife's little hard uphill " bursts" There are so many "nswheres" and verv fev "flisfcs." I\vas very well pleased with a place in the ruck, With an eye for an -opening— by merit or luck ;" F or 'tis true in this life those who first make th paoe, ' . ' Seldom see very much of the end of the race. But a few still there were who by lengths showed the way, - - And seemed, spite the pace, they would there ever stay ; But when weU towards home, with Hope guiding'thc rein; A crash, moan, and thud— their sole requiem of pain. And others who " steered" with judgment and skill. Who nursed on the clay, and eased up the hill, Just reached the laBt fence, and with riot of Pri-le, With a wild rush, went at it ; that proved their last ride. But few of that throng the winning post-passed. I was one of the lew, though almost the last ; And our colours were tarnished,. arid pride sore con- . founded, 7 .. . ' . For in tmth e'en she winner was awfully pounded . It seems but a week since Gordon was leading A" field- ol as thoroughbred bon , nerve,, and breeding >As ever pressed pigskin, or faced 1 big wall, Picked fiie biggest of rails— like a man took his fall. -But the rust on the rowels by Viking's flanks dyedj Tell me few are but left "who rede that great ride ; \- And the irioth-eaten silk, with the clay oh it yet, Is a fast-fading glory, though I'll ne'erforget. There, also are others long sines passed away, . . The doiisdity hold heroes" of many a fray J (E're First King's were thought of: Flaneurs Over foaled), Whose deeds will still warm, though their brave heart be cold: For while pulsates the heart, with bold Fisherman, blood. As Hope's knell it shaH sound to Australia's stout stud ; \- While under the turf, though a Panic may sleep, " ' Ever on it as green shall his memory keep. In these " weight-for-age" limes I must soon cry ago. For fiie pace of the youngsters I'm now rather slow. So inany old friends have eharged the. ' big creek," . Ere long for a " take-off I'll soon have to seek- , After, that on the big scale I'll then, have to weigh. < (No false s" oan have there .the ghost of a say), , .But I hope (with the -bridie), not proving Jtoo light; The great clerkoi the scales will give me " all right 's 