ST. SAVIOUR'S CATHEDRAL, GOULBURN. The object of the following statement is ; to convey to visitors a brief account of 1 the sacred edifice and its contents : — The design for the Cathedral was pre- pared by the late emiment architect, E.T. Blacket Esq. of Sydney, after constant consultation with the Bishop of Goulburn and others. It is of the style architec turally called the " Decorated," and is in ' eyery respect a handsome structure, of - freestone from the district, with pillars of Pyrmont freestone from Sydney. 1 The carvings of the capitals, the bosses, - &c.;, are from the skilful hand of Mr. 1 Tinkler, of Sydney. The contractors 1 have been Messrs. R. and J. Turner, Duncan, Nelson, Le Breton, Stone and 1 Bridgale, H. Langlcy, A. A. Marshall and ! Co., and F. C. W. Richard. The Corner- stone was laid on the 15th - of January 1874 by the Bishop of Goul- ' burn, aided by the Hon. John Campbell M.L.C., and the Bishops of Newcastle and Bathurst, in .the unavoidable absence of 1 the late Metropolitan. The dimensions of the building are as 1 follows -Internal length east to west, inclusive of the .west -porch, 150 feet; '< width of nave and aisles, 54 feet ; length of transepts north to south 96 feet ; width of Transepts 54 feet. Of the stained glass windows (23 in number), o are the gifts of individuals, 8 are cted by special! subscriptions in com- » / memoration of friends, 3 are not yet assigned, and 2 will soon be erected by individual friends. The annexed state ment will furnish in detail particulars of all the windows and of the sculptured medallions. Since the lamented death of Mr. Blacket the building has been completdd under the superintendence of his sons, A. and C. Blacket Esq. of Sydney. The total cost of the actual building, independently of the spire and of the special gifts, will when completed amount to about £25,000. Of the gifts the fol lowing deserve special notice : — The font, the pulpit, the brass lectern, the chancel tiles, the Bishop's throne, the carved oak Communion Table, the carved oak Chairs, the crimson velvet cover for the Holy Table, the vessels for the Communion and the kneeling mat for Communicants, and 12 carved stone medallions on the face of the walls. The Font, presented by the late John Marshall Esq. J.P. of the Red House, Staffordshire, and other friends of the Bishop, is placed under the North western Arch of the Nave. It is exqui sitely designed by Mr. Chatwin, architect of Birmingham, and successfully carved in Caen stone by Mr. John Roddis, of Birmingham. It is a square with canted angles. In these angles niches are sunk, containing statuettes of the four Evangelists. The four sides exhibit sunk panels with sculptured groups, re presenting the Baptism of Our Lord, Our Lord Blessing Little Children, the Bap tism of the Centurion, and the Baptism of the Eunuch. Around the basin and above these panels and niches are the words : — " Baptising them in the Name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." The body of the Font rests upon a richly-carved capital, sup ported by shafts of polished marble. The Font is a master-piece of the sculptor's art. A brass font-ewer has also been" presented by the Rev. Pelham and Mrs. Maitland. The Pulpit, from a design suggested by the Bishop of Goulburn, has been ad mirably executed by the same sculptor, Mr. John Roddis of Birmingham. It is a gift from the Bishop's English friends in Warwickshire. Like the Font it is of Caen stone, and is supported by five marble pillars. The central figure, with in a sunk panel, is that of Our Lord, on the right of which is a figure of Elijah, and on the left figures of Moses, St. Paul and St. Peter. Our Lord is represented on a throne, seated with the feet resting upon clouds, and surrounded by emblems of the four Evangelists — viz., a lion, an ox, a man, and an eagle. (Rev. 4. 7.) The right hand is elevated in the act of blessing. The Eagle or Lectern of polished brass is the gift of Frederic Tooth Esq. of England, from the firm of Messrs. Jones, Willis, and Co., of Birmingham, and is a bold and finely-executed work of art. . The tiles of the Sanctuary and of the Chancel are very ornamental. The first row represents the Lamb upon Mount Zion, bearing a flag. The second row represents the Pelican feeding its young with its own blood, surmounted by a Latin legend : "Thou hast redeemed us in thy blood." They are from the manu factory of Messrs Minton and Co. of Stoke-upon-Trent. The Holy Table is of beautiful carved oak, the gift of the late S. Hanson Esq. of London. The tront is ornamented with carvings of the grape-vine and of wheat. The two Communion-Chairs of carved oak and of antique pattern, with crimson velvet fittings, arc the gifts severally of Mrs. Gray of Nareeb Nareeb, Victoria, and the Misses Hadden of Guildford, England. The Crimson Velvet cloth for the Holy iaoie, witn appropriate emblems, is ex quisitely wrought b' the hands, and is the beautiful gift, of the Misses Campbell of Clunes, Sydney. The Vessels for the Holy Communion arc the handsome and costly gift of Mrs. O'Brien of Douro, in memory of her son. The Bishop's Seat or Throne is being constructed of oak, from a design of the late E. T. Blacket Esq., who made several efforts to simplify the same, but without success. It was therefore deemed right to leave the original design unaltered. The Thick Knceling-Mat for Com municants is of beautifully-executed needlework, twenty-eight feet in length, and is the gift of Miss Fanny Campbell. cathedral windows — donors and subjects. 1\. Subject, Prodigal, Son ; donors, Executors of the late T. Gale ; from Ashwin and Co. of Sydney. 2\. The Sower, Pharisee and Publican, Wedding Garment ; Mrs. Woore, memorial to Lieutenant Woore, R.N. ; Ashwin and Co. 3\. The Widow's Mite, the Good Shep- nerd, the Lost Piece of Money ; Mrs. Phillips and children, memorial to the ate N. C. Phillips R.N. ; Ashwin and Co. 4\. The Good Samaritan ; by subscrip- :ion — to lion. John Campbell M.L.C. ; Lyon and Cottier. 5\. Paying Labourers in Vineyard, Rich man and Lazarus ; by subscription is memorial to Rev. John Graydon ; Ashwin and Co. 6\. To be given by the family of the late T. S. Mort Esq. 7\. Casting Net into the Sea, certain Greeks desire to see Jesus, our Lord's Public Entry into Jerusalem ; not yet assigned. 8\. The Ten Lepers ; not assigned ; Hardman. 9\. Peter and John it the Sepulchre, our Lord appearing to- Maiy j not assigned; Hard man.; , j . ... ... 10\. Thomas Doubting, Thomas Believ- ing ; the Bishop's Shewsbury school fellows (viz the Bishops of Manchester, St. David's, Bedford, &c;) 11\. To be given by the family of the late W. Bradley Esq. 12\. The Raising of Lazarus; also the Bishop's Shrewsbury school- fellows ; Hardman. 13\. The Apostles Sent Forth ; sub scriptions by the Clergy — memorial to the late Dean Sowerby ; Lyon and Co. 14\. Solomon Building the Temple ; the sons of the late E. T. Blacket Esq., architect of St. Saviour's Cathedral ; Ashwin and Co. 15\. Healing the Man Born Blind, Woman Touching Hem of His Garment ; subscription — memorial to W. F. Haylcy Esp., M.R.C.S., Lyon and Co. 16\. Subjects from the Acts of the Apostles ; Mrs. Gibson — memorial to Dr. Gibson and his two Sons ; Lyon and Co. 17\. Jesus Walking on the Water, Peter Sinking; subscription — memorial to Mrs. R. Conolly ; Lyon and Co. iS. Marriage at Cana, Miracle of Fishes, Figtree Withered ; subscriptions from laity — memorial to the late Dean Sowerby ; Ashwin and Co. 19\. The Tribute Money, Healing the Withered Hand, Healing the Paralytic ; the family of the late Rev. C. Betts — as a memorial ; Lyon and Co. 20\. Feeding the Five Thousand ; by Mrs. O'Brien of Douro — memorial to H. O'Brien Esq. and his only son ; Lyon and Co. 21\. Healing the Infirm Woman, Calm ing the Tempest, Healing the Infirm Man ; the Hon. James Chisholm M.L.C. — in memory of his son, Robert Chisholm; Lyon and Co. 22 and 23 in West Porch. The Good Shepherd ; the gifts of Judge McFarland and the parish of Albury. inscriptions on the windows. 1\. " In filial remembrance ol Thomas Gale : this window is erected by his children, 1883." 2\. " In loving remembrance of Thoma's Woore R.N. : this window is erected by his widow, 1883." 3\. " In loving remembrance of N. C. Phillips R. N. : this window is erected by his widow and children, 1883." 4\. " Hon. Johanni Campbell : Senatori, Ecclesire Dei Fautori Dioec. Riverin, Fundatori, in Gloriam Dei animo gra- tissimo hanc fenestram posuerunt amici, 1883." 5 "to the Rev. John Graydon, who died 30th May 1872 : by clergy and laity, 1883." 10 and 12. "In Gloriam Dei Salvatoris Reverendo Admodum Mesaco Thomas. S.T.P. primo hujus Dioecesoes Epispcopo. Reg. Schol. Salop. Alumni hanc fenestram posuerunt, 1883." 13\. " Hanc fenestam Decano Gulielmo Sowerby Sancti Salvatoris parochise pastori suis sumptibus pingendam cur- averunt clerici amici, 1883." 14\. " Laus Deo." 15\. In memory of William Foxton Hayley M.R.C.S. ; this window is erected by his friends, 1884." 16\. In loving remembrance of Andrew Gibson of Tirranna, and his two sons William and Septimus : This window is erected by his widow, Alice Gibson, 1S83." — Above this inscription, and at the bottom of the window, runs the legend : " The glorious company of the apostles praise Thee Lord God of Sabbaoth." 17\. " In grateful remembrance of Harriet Anne Conolly : This window is erected by her friends and the members of her Bible Class, 1S83." 18\. "In remembrance of William Sowerby, Dean, and for thirty-seven years Incumbent of St. Saviour's parish, Goul burn ; Erected by subscription 1883." 19\. " In affectionate remembrance of the Rev. Charles Marsden Betts. who died at Goulburn 28th July, 1857, affed twenty-four years : This window is erected by members of'his family, 1884." 20\. "In affectionate remembrance of Henry O'Brien of Douro, and his son Henry : This window is erected by his widow, Elizabeth S. O'Brien, 1S84." 21\. " In'.memory of Robert Chisholm : This window is erected by his father James Chisholm M.L.C., 1884. subjects of the medallions carved in omaru stone, affixed to the walls of the nave, transepts, and chancel : — 1\. The Nativity. 2\. The Magi. 3\. The Flight into Egypt. 4\. Christ Blessing Little Children ; donor, a Lady. 5\. The Woman at the Well. 6\. Christ in the House of Martha and Mary. . 7\. The Return of the Prodigal ; donor, S. A. Stephen Esq. 8\. The Transfiguration ; donor, the Hon. John Campbell M.L.C. 9\. The Betrayal. 10\. The Scourging. 11\. The Crucifixion; \ donor, the 1 Misses Hadden. 12\. The Ascension ; donor, Mrs. 1 Thomas of Bishopthorpe. The above medallions have been carved i within the building by a promising young ; artist, Mr. W. P. Macintosh. 