LATEST NEWS BY THE MAIL. BURGLARY BUSINESS IN LONDON. ' Burglary, like other Beeret sciences, has latterly made great strides in London, and if the. police are to keep pace with its de- velopments, they must throw over many aid-fashioned notions. They must look for their man in places where, hitherto, they would never have expected to find him. ' The successors of Bill Sikes have altered their whole appearance, and with respect Able habiliments have assumed respectable . manners. Roguery has become more dar- ing, more many-sided, more kaleidoscopic. During the hearing .of a charge at Green- wich recently against a ticket-of-leave-man and a convict, a second convict named Clarke, now under sentence of pena! servi- tude at Pentonvale, was brought into the witness-box-. His disclosures were of a Very remarkable character. From his evi- dence it appeared that there were tradesmen of good repute in London whose stock-in- -trade was simply-the result of burglaries. In some cases they were put into business . by the thieves themselves. One prisoner r was alleged to have stated that he had taken a twenty-one years' lease of his house with the proceeds of burglaries at Forest-hill. * He kept a hundred pick-lock keys in a hole under a heap of lime in his back garden. He had a mate who owned a tobacconist's . shop, and who had helped him to " do" the places in the neighbourhood. The : second prisoner represented that he had at his lodgings a diamond locket, belonging to some one in the Strand, and about sixty umbrellas, which he had got from Chelsea. He had also about a hundred barometers . r from " a job in the Strand." - The witness ' said he had received a bag of thèse baro- meters, numbering about fifty, which he \- had agreed to sell at five per cent. The ' ramifications of such burglarious operations, and the relations with tradesmen in various . parts of London which have been revealed; show what a systematic character has now been given to burglary in the metropolis. APOSTOLIC MANUSCRIPT FOUND/ -. The learned Bishop of Nicodemia hat found the oldest apostolic manuscript thal has yet come down to us, and its genuine .ness has been certified to .by Professoi . ;Harnack and other biblical authorities, The title is "Teaching of the Apostles,' ..and its date is between 100 and 160 ; and il ¿ has been well known by name through re , ference of the early Fathers. It is 203 lines in length, and is quoted by Clement oi ' Alexandria, and Eusebius and Athansiaus The interesting points in Chapters VH. V;XVL, which are given in full in English are, first, as relates to baptism. It directs . that baptisms be in "flowing water ;" bul if neither flowing nor still water, cold oi warm, be at hand, then sprinkle the heat three times in the name of the Father, Son -4ta»Kl-Holy- Ghost. It does not intimât* whether the baptism in flowing wate: \- - ' should be by immersion or affusion. Tho» .practising trine baptism, as the Greel ? Church and the Tunkera, will find warran for it in what is said about sprinkling. 2 The directions concerning the eucharist an of the simplest character. There is m ?prayer of consecration, nothing but th< \- giving of thanks for the cup and the bread with the injunction that none but thi " baptized should partake. There is somi ^ evidence that a supper was first eaten, an< . : that the communion or eucharist cami immediately after, as is the custom arnon) the Tunkers. 3. As to apostles, who ar invariably referred to as wandering evange \- lists and prophets, instructions are givei \- « how they are to be received, and how the _ * may be distinguished as true or false Those who asked for money or tarried mor r than three days, or whose practice did nc conform to their teachings, were to b regarded as false prophets. 4. Christian are enjoined to gather themselves together o: the Lord's day, and break bread and sa thanks, after confessing their misdeeds an ... ' having made peace with {hose with .whoi they have been at odds. This point wi have'an interest for seventh day Christiani riß. "Choose for yourselves," says tb fifteenth chapter, "besides prophet! \- bishops and deacons who are worthy of tb Lord, gentle and not miserly, and uprigl and proven men, for they perform also fi you the service of prophets and teachers. 'The bearing of this on the views of Stanle; Milman, Lightfoot and others, as to ti .. organisation of the Apostolic Church, dot not need to be pointed out. The discovert manuscript can scarcely fail to commar wide attention. : r 