EOHOES OF MELBOURNE [Br The Ghost.1 ;-Tlie Parliamentary, week has been a broken one. On Tuesday both Houses adjourned at seven p'clbck,in,order that our legislators might grace the Mayor!s annual ball at the Town Hall with their dis tinguished presence, and on 'Wednesday the sitting was limited toa couploof hours, his Excellency the Governor having :in vitod the first batch of honourable meni bera— rthoso whoso patronymics coinmence with the letters A to M— to\ partake of his1 hospitality . at dinner. ? ',' The paucity of . the attendance in the Assembly on Tuesday ,, was, i however, .oddl^ enough, conducive . ? to ?. ; the despatch of business. It enabled the second read ing of the Land Bill to bo carried, and; the .measure', to- be taken into .committee,' the .Government thus safely nogotiatiijg the! first big. fence in their political course. ? In: the. gopdrold days, the poet .records thati .'wretches,, hung, that . jurymen might: dino.' In these modern timoa, riiattersi are not quite so bad j, but it canhardly bo' denied, with; the experience of Tuesday I erening, lo guide us, that the; remaining' .portion of theunalienated landed estate of i Victoria was hurriedly dealt with,,in orderi that ^honpurabla. mombers-r-or, at least! such or, them, as possess the requisite sombre , habiliments do rigueur on all .festive occasions — might, encase themselves in evening costume, and phice. their nether extremities borieath the riiahbgany ' of j Government House. ? -..'.' -'.'.?',', I '., , 'On 'Wednesday, the time set apart .for] private business was devoted to . tlib third' appearance, during the session, of thei Scots Church .Separation Bill.. ; From present appearances,.' it may safely '.be predicted .tha,t the prompters, will, not .succeed in passing, wip measure tnrpugn Parliament before 'the; adjournment,, «yeti should the majority in the Assembly, be favourable to, such a course.-.; The bill will, on passing its second reading,' bo . referred ,tp a select committee, from.'.whpae hands it will assuredly not pinerge..'iii time,, to be dealt with before ^Christinas. .And after \ all the ' delay . may prove advantageous. Much of the bitter, feeling now existing will die put, and it is not impossible ; that somo compromise may bo arrived at by which such alterations will be effected in the bill as will ensure its acceptance by both parties to the quarrel and, its, \ conse- quent smooth passage-, through, both branches of -.the Kgislature. Already rumours, of concessions on both: sides are rife_, and when, once common,, seise , and business vjows replace bigotry and intole rance, it will not be long before sbnie satis Faotory arrangement is arrived at. .. Both partiesjto the dispute hail irom' north of the Tweed, and as the matter at issue i is essentially and solely one of ''bawbees,' the shrewd instincts peculiar to tno natives of ' the land of mountain and . of ; flood'' will doubtless prompt them not to throw too -many of them away, in . Parliamentary fees or fruitless litigation. -.'.. ;; ' ',,',. - i . ^The. twenty-seventh measure intrbduced with a view of settling the very much vexed question of mining on private., pro; p.orty still drags its slow length along in the gilded hall of the Legislative Council! As now, attired and amended. by the Upper House, it will most assuredly : not prove acceptable to the 'popular Chainber/f and will be thence returned with, such amend ments as will most probably renderTthe present attempt to deal with the. matter as abortive as its predecessors, and. relegate it . ? to ( the,, limbo , of | slaughtered innocents, where twenty-six of. ifa .progenitors havo already gone.. ; There is, 'still tbp.muoh of old leaven of : Conservatism in the ? Council not to render the. success of,, any. bill dealr ing with - ' the , sacred .rights of property' more than t-roblematical: ? . Lieutenant Colonel Sargood and, , Dr. Beaney ? have been respited for another week. The 'Elections , and . Qualifications Committee still hesitate at pronouncing the sentence that will1 bariishthe twpihonour able and gallant gentleirienfrom tlip.Seriate of the colony, and have ;again postponed the announcement of their decision until Tuesday. Whether thoy will even ..'..then make known the conclusion at which^they have arrived is doubtful.- '?. One: of the seats will become vacant by the ioffluxion. of; the time for which' its holder was elected in the ; course o.t a-iiow* .weeks.'ahd perhaps the Committee' think it a pity to precipitate matters, arid.put country and candidate to a- double', expense by anticipating by so short- a time the. natural course of events. ' ., The cahi; way.in which'; the undoubted spread of the once dreaded epidemic of. small pox is 'looked- upon is a strikirig example : of how surely familiarity ^breeds contempt.! When1 there were only one. or two cases! the entire . community was agog, arid the '? diseasb-was the common topic of ^conversa tion., '. Nb\y'!,that ' fresh' patients' ', are daily I being added to the Jist, arid families are; being . isolated and .houses quarantined) right and- left, no .person appears to notice; that, the foe is i indeed, in our, very midst,! and if iuinour be correct we are spreading! ;the disease abroad. ' A'' fireriiari on. boardi ,.the Waihpra has been seized with the '00111-! 'plaint/ at. Napier,' arid- two; policemen in! South Australia have also hnon irifopfnr? ' , We can now boast that we .have givori New Zealand something else: besides Sir Julius ?'Vogel;:/' ?'-!;.?;.??; ??/? ?.;.-.,? -..'? ;?..?.???.:'...,,]?.-.??.? There has been a great deal'of rieedless' 'gush' v over, the case of the: ch'ild-mur-i deress ?Eosarina Plumnier, and a riumberof amiable busy-bodies have been occiipyijig ?themselves in getting up .petitions to the'; Executive,praying for the commutation of the death penalty, and the imposition of a light sentence on the culprit; : Why' this' course should have been taken it is difficult; to see. There is nothing in the' case to re-| move it from the; category 'of the too fre-1 quent crimes.of asimilar kind committed; by young ladies whb love, ','not wisely, but' too well.'; As' for the; death penalty, it .?'.-?? -i\, . ? ' .'-?'??;'.(..-,'.?.?.? , .?-.!.-. ....?;; ; -.'-.[ t.t..t*':,\ \ was never contemplated that it should bo carried but. The judge only 'formally' pronounced sentence, and as 'Victoria has never yet handed over any female to the tender attentions of the hangman, it was extremely unlikely that a girl of 17 would be selected as the first exception to the rule that protects the feminine neck from dislocation. ' ; . '?; ' ; This is in very truth 'a fine country for the working man.' True; everything he1 eats, drinks,1 and wears; is taxed; but then; this is only done to satisfy his' bwricraze: for protection, arid if ho likes it, why should ho not enjoy 'the luxury of paying?'; There .are also at times some scores or. ; some hundreds of liiien. whb, instead of go- ? ing into the country, prefer to crowd into! ine metropolis, ana auD tnemseiyes un-| employed.' But even theirs is not an en-: tiroly unhappy lot ; their wants are met by! means of subscriptions, and they are en- - abled to enjoy, the pleasure of ' baiting' a' Minister of the Crown. In what other1 part of the world would men asking for work be able to tell the Government that ' if eihployment is not provided they will; have to resort to means which they would! dtherwise reluctantly adopt,', aa did a| deputation that waited on the 'Commis sioner of Public- 'Works nn TiTrmrtnv Inqf. P i Where else would they bo able to refuse to ; do 'a fair day's, work for a fair day's wages' i and , refuse , to be employed except 'on; light day work ?' 'It is hardly matter for ; astonishment that even that , mild young j Crown minister, Mr, Alfred Deakiri, should i have had his democratic instincts shocked uysucn a aispiay ot impudence on tne part of his friends andyrofejes, and have refused ! to constitute himself their special pro videncp untiTthey ate humble pie. They have riot up to the present partaken of 'this, pro verbial diet, but, nevertheless, cbritracts for public works are being ; 'let;- for their benefit. It is hardly wise, to offend anyone ?in a community where everyone has a vote for Parliament. . ' ' '' ' . The disorganisation which is said ., to exist m .that 'model': prison, Pentridge, culminated on Tuesday;, in an',, attempt1, by throe'^prisbners to regain their lib'erty,' and the death^ of, one of .the interesting trio, who was' shot -through 'the' headt' sby u, waruer wnue . in . Tine , act 01 scaling the walL The Coroner's, jury eiripanelled to'.enquiro into the.cause of death returned a verdict entirely, exonerating )the ^official ^who fired the fatal shpt- arid the prisori authorities have recommended the 'marks- man,' who, by the way, is an old soldier of le 99th. fbr. some sDecial mark' of favnm. A few riiore examples of the kind, and the frequent attempts made ,to escape from durance /vile would become'few.arid. far be tween.. ? The hvst instance, in which a detenu was ; killed was 'in ,1839, and was witliin the gaol a , matter' '.oil .ancient Kis tory,4 ..;,,-.; ..'?? : :'?;.': '^'^r:.^ ;.:: ..:'; '?. The doings , at', thei fyarioiiB ^.theatres hardly, call for miicli cpinment, .the Jat'ten luiuoes, ( owing, .apupwess .to ,the r JVIayor s ball, !which took place 'on'.Tuesday, haying been.much. belo,w' the '.average: At the Princess .'.' Impulse,' 'still runs, to .be succeeded,- however, in a fow- days by the society icoinedy of ' The .Parvenu.' At the^Royal Miss . 0enoyieve Wardand Mr. W.'H. Vernon, are reviving: Macbeth.and at the. Bijpu': the;;Emelie.' Melville Opera Company' are - playing their ;, old repertoire of opera bouffe. .The , Opera House is still ?occupied by Messrs.' Clark and RvmanV American Company,; arid ','. Sparks'f ,'and the ,' Muldoon, Picnic' are to be replaced by 'Honest Hearts,' ? a play now to an Australian audience.,, ' ,' ,;, '.. ,, ,'' '''. August 9. ,',',':'.. ' ?''?',, ' '{''/. ,,.'.. '-'. '. :, ': '-,. ...-??; ? - ' ? . ? ? — '? — ^ ? ? ,.??.- . . . . , 