A BOYAL GHOST. A telegram from Berlin says A few nights ago the famous < Wiesse Dame,' or White Lady, the tpiriiiu familiarit of tbe Hohenzollern femlly, is reported to have been seen by tire sentinels before the Alte Schiosa. The legend of tide ajfaiiuvu w IVBU buu iru, " » auwauoM of the Hohenzollerns, Countess Oris- Brands, is said to leave her grave and walk, in solemn and measured step, the corridors of the Alte Schlow In Berlin whenever any member of tbe royal family is abont to die. Notwithstanding their profound scepticism, most Beriinera. strangely enongh, etiU believe the story of the WMte Lady. lbs capital is quite excited over the pretended apparition. All are talking abont it and wondering what member of the dynasty is next destined to die. The White Lady is a ghost who has freqnently been seen in different castles and palaces belonging to the royal family of Prussia. She is sup posed to forbode the death ofromeof the royal family, especially one of die chil dren. Her last appearance was in 1879, just prior to the death of Prince Walde- mar. A soldier on guard was witness of the apparition, and in his fright fled to the guard-room, where he was at once ar rested for deserting Ms post. Twice she baa been heard to speak. In December, 1698, ehe appeared imthe palace at Ber lin and-ssid, in Latin, ' I wait for judg ment.' Again at the castle of Nenhans, in Bohemia when she said to the Princess, in German, ' It is ten o'clock,' and the lady addressed died in a few weeks. There are two white ladies in fact — one the conntess Agues Orlamoude, who is referred to by onr Berlin corres pondent, and the other Princess Bertha von Rosenberg, who lived in the fifteenth century. The former was buried alive in a vault in the palace. She was the mistress of a Margrave of Brandenburgh, by whom she had two sons. When the Prince became a widower Agnes thonght he wonld marry her, bnt he made the sons an objection, and she poisoned them, for wMch crime ehe was buried alive. Another version is that she fell in love with the Prince of Parma and made away with her two daughters, who were an ODSt&cie; to ner marriage, tor wrncn orlme ehe was doomed to 1 walk the earth' as an apparition. The Princess Bertha is tronbled because an annual gift which ehe left to the poor has been discon tinued. She appears dreaaed in white and carries at her side a bunch of keys. 