ROMANCE & REALITY ; 01!, ??'SENSE AMD SENTIMENT. CHAPTER VI. (Continued). It so happened that Potts had intended to take his holiday in the Lake country, as he had arranged with a dealer in wsthotic art to do a series of ' symphonies' in various colours, after the manner of a certain great master in that style f and that district was one admirably suited to his purpose. He had not intended to leave London until much later on m tho season, hut it was worth giving up a few 'at homes,' and forfeiting a little adulation from adoring females to be the first to tell Maud how she had been deceived, ? and what the world thought of such heroism as hers, for ho had ascertained from her father that the secret was not to bo divulged until the return from the honeymoon trip/ i As soon as Maud was out of sight, Mr. Potts set himself to his work. He first of all raised a small oasel, upon which he placed a small canvas primed with light grey. Then he threw oil' his brigand hat and shook his tawny mane, struck an attitude which he would have described as an appeal to the muses for inspiration, then ho wildely glanced around, and passed his hand over his eyes; after which, he pounced upon the colour-box that lay upon a camp stool, dashed a brush into one of tho mixtures, paused for a moment, holding it suspended between finger and thumb, rushed at the canvas as though it had offended him and he' was about to demol ish it, covered it with daubs and .blots of dark \- grey, and one splodge of dingy white. The work was done, and he hung over it in ???'??'? rapturous contemplation. He had attracted the attention of the ' people in the boats, who lay upon their oars and watched his antics in astonishment. A young man, an aboiigine, who was taking his sweetheart for a walk, had also stopped to watch the artist (?) ' Might I make so bold as to ask what this is V he inquired presently. 'A. symphony in grey,' responded Potts, his, eyo in a fine frenzy rolling, that made the ?; young lady cling rather close to her lover's arm, and whisper to him to come away. ?'There you behold,' continued Mr. Potts, only too delighted to hold forth to any body upon one of his favourite subjects, 'the soul of the landscape, the heart of its mystery, tho poetic impression produced upon the cultured mind of such a scene as this ; here you have no ?-, vulgar details of trees and mountains and water, but the impression of all blended into one beautiful harmony. Ah ! it's a precious thing to look thus upon the spirit of nature, upon nature stripped of her vulgar robes. ' Oh, do come away, Thomas,' again whispered the girl, ' the poor gentleman's daf fc, I'm sui-e he is, and I suppose his friends let him amuse himself with a box of paints.' But the aborigine was a bold young man, and spite of all his sweetheart's warning, ventured to remark, ' that he could see but daubs of paint.' 'Go thy waj', poor creature,' said Potts, with lofty pity, ' thou canst not help being a fool ; I pity thee ; I do not blame thee. Go thy way.' CHAPTER VII. FLIGHT. ?W'ith what different feelings did Maud hurriedly retrace her steps along the shady road to those which had animated her such :a brief time before. It was as though she had received some physical blow that stunned and sickened her, 'and numbed her faculties. : She walked on like one in a dream, scarcely conscious whither she was going. It was impossible that her white face and strange manner should not attract the atten tion of her good host and hostess the moment 1 she entered the house. ' Good gracious ! my clear Mrs. Hamilton, what'is the matter 1' was Mrs. Parton's first exclamation. ' Why, you look as white as a ghost.' ' Do I ?' said Maud, with an attempt at a smile. 'It is close to-night, and I have ?walked rather iiast as it is getting ditsk. I think-' I will go to bed. I don't feel very well.' ' We mustn't let you go wanderi ng by yourself again,' laughed Mr. Parton, :- or we shall have ...-Mr. Hamilton saying we did not take care of you. But you'll have some supper first 1' ? ? 'No, thank you, I could not touch a morsel,' ' replied Maud ; and wisliing them good-night she went up stairs. .She had been in her room about an hour ', - when, a knock came to the door and a voice 1 ?- ' said : ... 'A gentleman has left these Wo papers i ,- . which he particularly desired me to let you have to-night. It was Mrs. Parton's voice. : Maud opened the door. 'I could hear you moving about, so I knew you wore not in bed. Do you feel better?' ,',' ' Yes, a liltle, thank you,' said Maud, taking the papers. 'There is something wrong, lam sure there is,-'1 said Mrs. Parton to her husband when she came downstairs. 'What can it be? why, she looks like a ghost.' Maud knew what the papers were before she opened them. At first she threw them down, ' resolved not to lacerate her feelings further by reading the scurrilous paragraphs. But she ' could not forbear her curiosity. Perhaps Potts had exaggerated ; at all events she might as ? well know exactly what was .said of her. ' We shall not trouble i 3 transcribe the nauseous trash, though it be of the kind that '?'?'delights the modern drawinj-room, of which /?' 'it is the favourite literature. It was written ?-? with the pen dipped in corrosive acid. Maud's cheeks burned as she saw herself gibbeted for the ridicule oi' every contemptible creature who delights in such garbage. The paragraphs '?were couched in the language of transpontine melodrama; but at tho end it was even . intinuited that tho wholo thing was a theatri cal cff'Jci), and that the young lady's ignorance of the sham wan all pretence. It sje ned to Maud, as the journal dropped from l.cr hand, that she could never survive i this disgrace, that she never again ccmlcl look the 'world in tho face. 1 It cm easily be imagined how a morbidly '' sensitive mind would exaggerate the effects of such an attack ; she did not consider that probably ' a new, and more piquant scandal had already effaced tho memory of hers, thnt scores of such stories were printed every year in the pages of that paper and forgotten in a week save by tho few personal friends and acquaintances of tho victim. It seemed to Maud as though she had been bran ded upon tho forehead with a red hot iron, and that every one she mot would recognise the mark. Naturally her wrath turned upon the man who had placed her in such a position — upon her husband. It was ho who had told the story, and therefore it was he who was re sponsible for what had followed. Had she been under the influence of reason instead of passion she might have doubted the accuracy of Mr. Pott's statement; but in such enses we always like to think tho worst of those with whom wo are enraged, and so Maud would not permit a doubt of her husband's treachery to enter her thoughts. ? Had she loved him ever so passionately indignation would, for a time at least, have overwhelmed love ; but when we consider that her affection was founded' upon esteem only, upon hisadmiratioufor generosity and integrity, the reader may easily conceive how such . a revelation would sweep away every remnant of such cold affection without further analysis on her part. ' The next morning she was at tho telegraph office as soon as it was open and despatched this message to her husbancVs oflicc in tho city : 'I have read two paragraphs; in (naming the journals) that apply to us. Is the' story true?' It was long past noon when the answer came. ' I cannot come down, important business keeps me in London. Come up at once. Will explain everything.' She had telegraphed not to have doubts confirmed or dissipated ; during the night she had made up her mind to her course of action, and she wished to have some kind of proof that she had not acted upon mere unsupported rumour. Here was tho confirmation. Had it been false one indignant no would have sufficed ; there would have be'eji nothing to explain. As soon as she had read the telegram, she informed Mrs. Parton that she would have to return to town at once, that very evening. ' Nothing wrong, I hope ?' ' Oh no,' replied Maud quite .cheerfully. ' But I do not care for remaining here by myself, and Mi\ Hamilton cannot return. - 'Of course, dear, it is but natural you should wish to be with him.' ' I shall take only a portion of my luggage with mo,' interrupted Maud quickly, ' the rest can be sent on to London to No.— Marc Street, Hackney.' . The box Maud left behind contained her wedding dress, and everything that her- hus band had given her. ? '?) ' Mr. and Mrs.. Parton saw her off by the train, expressing great - regret at losing her so soon, ai)d with many messages to her ' dear husband.' ..?.-.. , 'There's something very very wrong, de pend upon it,' remarked Mrs. Parton to her husband as they wended their way homeward again. ' Dear, dear, I hope that poor, young creature hasn't been in any way deceived. I do really feel quite troubled about her.' (To ha Continued.) 