CHILDREN'S COLUMN. JERSEYS, OR THE GIRLS' GHOST. (Concluded.) The oath of silence was well kept, but lessons suffered and so did sleeo; for theex citement was great, especially in the morning, when the watcners reported the events of the eight, and in the evening, when they took turns to go on guard,' There was much whisking of dressing-gowns up and down the corridor of' the west wing, where our six roomed, as the girls -flew to ask questions early each morning or scurried to bed at night, glancing behind them for the banshee - as they went. Miss Orne observed the whispers, nods, and eager congratulations, but said nothing, for' Madame had confided to her that the young ladies were planning a farewell gift for her,. So she was blind and deaf, and smiled at the; important airs of her girlish admirers. Three or four days passed and no sign of the ghost appeared. The bolder openly scoffed at the false alarm, and the more timid began to recover from their fright. Sally and Julia looked rather foolish as they answered, "No news," morning after morning, to the enquiries which were rapidly losing the breathless eagerness so flattering, to the watchers. " You dreamed it, Sally. Go to sleep and. don't do it again," said Nelly, on the fifth, day, as she made her evening call and found the girls yawning and cross for want of rest, "She has exercised too much, and pro duced a morbid state of the brain," laughed. Maud. "I just wish she wouldn't scare me out of my senses for nothing," grumbled Cordy, " I used to sleep likeadormouse, and uowlaream dreadfully and wake up tired out. Gome along, Kit, and let the old ghosts carry off' these Billy creatures." "My regards to the 'Woman in White' when you see her again, dear," added Kitty, as the four went off to laugli at the whole thing, though they carefully locked their doors and took a peep out of the window before going to sleep. "We may as well give it up and have a good reet. I'm worn out and so are you, if you'd own it," said Julia, throwing herself down for a nap before midnight. " I shall not give it up tul I'm satisfied. Sleep away, I'll read awhile and call yon if anything comes," answered Sally, bound to prove the truth of her story if she waited all summer. Julia was soon asleep, and the lonely watcher sat reading till past 11; then she put out her light and went to take a turn on the flat roof of the piazza that ran around the house, for the night was mild and the stars companionable. As she turned to come back, her sharp eye caught sight of some thing moving on the house-top as before, and soon, clear against the soft gloom of the sky, appeared the' white figure flitting to - and fro. A long look, and then Sally made a rush at Julia, shaking her violently as she said in an excited whisper— " Come 1 she is there. Quick! upstairs to - the cupola'. I have the candle and the key." Carried away by the other's vehemence, Juiia mutely obeyed, trembling, bnt afraid to resist; and noiseless as two shadows' they crept np the stairs, arriving jnst in time, to see the ghost vanish over the edge of the roof, as if it had dissolved into thin air.: Julia dropped down-in a heap, desperately fright ened, but Sally pulledf her up and led ner back to their room, saying, when she got there, with grim satisfaction. " Did I dream it all ? . Now I hope they will believe me." " What was it? Oh, what could it be J" whimpered Julia, quite demoralized by the spectacle. ■ "I begin to believe in ghoBta, for no human being could fly off in that way with nothing to walk on. . I shall speak to Miss Orne to morrow: I've had enough ot this sort of fun," said Sally, going to the window, with a strong desire to shut and lock it. But Bhe paused with her hand raised, as if turned to stone, for as she_ spoke the white figure went slowly by. Julia dived into the ■closet with one spring. Sally, however, was on her mettle now, and, holding her breath, leaned oat to watch. With Boundless steps the veiled thing went along the roof, and paused at the further end. Never waiting for her comrade, Sally quietly step2)ed out and followed, leaving Julia to quake with fear and listen for an Alarm. None came, and in a few minutes, that seemed like hours, Sally returned, looking much excited; but she was sternly silent, and to all the others' eager questions she would only give this mysterious reply— "I know all but cannot tell till morning. •Go to sleep." Believing her friend offended at her base desertion at the crisis of the affair, Julia -curbed her curiosity and soon forgot it in sleep. Sally slept also, feeling like a hero reposing after a hard-won battle. She was up hetim'-s aud ready to receive her eailv visitors with an air of triumph, -which silenced every jeer and convinced the most sceptical that she had something sensa tional to tell at last. When the girls had perched themselves on . any available article of furniture, they waited with respectful eagerness, while Sally left the room for a few miuutes, and Julia rolled her -eyes, with her finger on her lips, looking as it she could tell much if she dared. Sally returned somewhat flushed, but very .sober, and in a few dramatic words related the adventures of the night up to the point when she had left Julia quivering ignotni niously in the closet, and, like Horatius, had faced the foe alone. " I followed till the ghost entered a win \- dowJ' she said, finally. " Which?" demanded five awe-struck voices at once. " The last." " Ours ?" whispered Kitty, as pale as her -collar, while Cordy, her room mate, sat aghast. " As it turned to shut the window the veil fell back and I saw the face." Sally spoke in a whisper and added, with a sudden start, "I see it now J" Each girl sprang or tumbled off her perch as if moved by an electric shock and stared about aB Nelly cried wildly— "Where? Oh, where?" "There !" and Sally pointed at the palest face in the room, while her own reddened with the mirth she was vainly trying to . suppress. "Cordy?" A general Bhriek oi amazement and in credulity followed the question, while Sally could not help laughing heartily at the dumb dismay of the innocent ghost, As soon as she could be heard, however, she proceeded to explain— " Yes, it was Cordy walking in her sleep. -She wore her white flannel wrapper and a cloud around her head, and took her exer cise over the roofs at midnight so that no time might be lost. I don't wonder she is tired in the morning after these dangerous gymnastics." " But she couldn't vanish off the house-top in that strange way without breaking her neck," said Julia, much relieved, but still mystified. She didn't fly nor fall, but went down the ladder left by the painters. Look at the soles of hei felt slippers, if you doubt me, and see the red paint from the roof. We conldn't open the cupola window, you re member, but just now I ran out and looked np and saw how she did it asleep, though she never would dare to do it awako. Somnam bulists do dreadfully dangerous things, you know," said Sally, as if her experience with thoBe peculiar people had been vast -, .d varied. "Bow could I? It's horrible to think of. Why did you let me. Kit ?" cried Cordy, un- ] certain whether to be proud or ashamed of 1 her exploit. " I never dreamed oiyour doing such a silly thing, and never wakea up. People say that sleep-walkers are always quiet. But even if 1 had seen you I'd have been too scared to know you. I'll tie you to the bed-post after I this, and not let you scare the whole house," answered Kitty, regarding it all as a fine joke. " What did I do when I got in, Sally ?" asked Cordy. curiously. "You took off your things and went to bed, as if glad to pet back. I didn't dare to wake you, and so kept all the fun to myself till this morning. I thought I ought to have a good laugh for my painB since Idid all the work," answered Sally, in high glee at the success of her efforts. " I did wish to get as thin as I could before J I went home—the boys plague me 80 there— and I suppose it weighed upon my mind and set me to walking at night. I'm very Borry, and I never will do it again if I can help it. Please forgive me, and don't tell any one but Miss Orne: it was so silly," begged poor Cordy, tearfully. They all promised, and then joined in com forting her, and praising Sally, and plaguing Julia; and so they had a delightfully noisy and exciting half hour before the breakfast bell rang. Miss Orne wondered what made the young ] faces so gay and the laughter so frequent, as mysterious hints and significant nods went around the table, but as soon as possible she was brrne into the schoolroom and was made to hear the thrilling tale. Her interest and surprise were very flatter- { ing, and when the snbject had been well dis cussed, she promised to prevent any further escapades of this sort, and advised Cordy to try the Banting method for the few remaining weeks of her stay. "I'll try anything that will keep me from acting ghost and making every one afraid of me." said Cordy, secretly wondering why she I had not broken her neck in her nocturnal J gymnastics. "Do you believe in ghosts, Miss Orne?" asked Maud, who did believe in them, in spite of the comic explanation oi this one. "Not the old-fashioned sort, but there is a modern kind that we are all afraid oi, more or less," answered Miss Orne with a half playful, half-serious look at the girls around "Do tell about it, please," begged Kitty. \- while the rest looked both surprised and interested. " There is one which I am very anxious to -keep you from fearing. Women and young j girls are especially haunted by it. " What— will—people—say?' is the name of this for midable ghost, and it does much harm; for few of us have the courage to live up to what we know to be right in all things. Yon are soon to go away to begin your lives in earnest, I and I do hope that whatever I have been able j to teach yon about the care of minds and bodies will not be forgotten or neglected be cause it may not be the fashion ontside our little world here." " I never will forget or be afraid of that ghoBt, Miss Orne," cried Sally, quick to understand and accept the warning so oppor tunely given. "I nave great faith in you, dear,because yon have proven yourself bo brave in facing phantoms more easily laid. But this is a j hard one to meet and vanquish, so watch well, stand firm, and let these jerseys that you are so fond of cover not only healthy young bodies but happy hearts bent on your becoming sweet, wise, and useful women in the years to come. Dear girls, promise me tbis, and I shall feel that our winter has not been wasted and that our spring is full of lovely promise for a splendid summer." Ar she spoke, with her own beautiful face bright with hope and tenderness, Miss Orne opened her arms and gathered them all in to seal their promise with grateful kisses more eloquent than words. Long after their school-days were over, the six girls kept the white jerseys they wore at thebreakiDg-up festival as relics of the J. J.; and long alter they were scattered far apart they remembered the leBsons which helped them to be what their good friend hoped— healthy, happy, and useful women. 