":' ThAweek' pro'deedigs in Parliarment :]ave bieen uneventful. The Upper' Houise hai passed one or 'two money bills, as a iiiatter of course, without' discussionu; and li'iasdecided on asking their Honors; thli Judges of the Suprime Court, to attend in the Chamber and give evidence, and their opinion,; on the qjiestion. of.'amalgainiting the' two br;nches 'df . the:legal profession. Thde 6higi ofioiails are not to be brought totlhe "bar of the House" like ordinary hiortals, but are to. be allowed seats at th.U table.; This ?course will obviate the ~'ce sity 6f .honoubrable.membbrs whoe may be desirous of referring' to their . Honors, pedakig obf'thei as:" th'o learned judge at i:Undsual ,quiet has reigned in theM As seibly"--pi'haps, because: it .is an ," off wdee',' 'of, tbe Scotoli Church Severance Bill., The. ,two, or three hours doevsotd to tliscaieanreon each alterpiiate Wednesday apl) ie to oxercise quite the reverse of a soothing influence. on the, tempers of our lcgislittors. Fair progress has been made With the' Laid Bill and the Estimates, thsc. latter hliving lbeen .dealt with as far as' the' Public Works, department, one of': the "subdivisions,- upon which the greatest amhunt of talk always takes place. The only incident at all approaching, the sensational octicrred in the Assembly on thie occasion of thio division on, thel'.ues tibn fit to whethei inarried women should be allowed to 'select, land, and.hold it in th'ei'oivn iigh't. ?Mr Dow, who it may be said eiijiassenit is'f ak. from possessin'g the bnauty 'of" Xntiiions;, constituted himself tho squisr of dames, and divided the Hpuse against the 'Government, wlicli obtaiieid a victory by the 'narrow aiajority of"two votes: The question is, hovoever, iot yet fli~illy'settled, and malterfainilids still lives in hope. 'A renewed attelmpt is to be made to'elarge the sjiliere of women's rights, Mr. 'Dow shrewdly surmising that many honourablo'gentleman wiho voted against tlid'ladiee will have'been birought to reason by i!week's curtain' lectures, and will not aiiggin hare 'the courage of' tliei?' own opiniblos'after having beeu favoured ivith that:of' theii 'wife. 'The very "i'anrrowY qiueak "of :'being beaten will no doubt calsd"eMr. Seritice to give wy-jat which iprioceeding he' is becoming an adept--and womani:wll' become the iniportiit factor ntture' intended her, doubtless, to' be.in th6 shttlement of Victoria. ":Once'more have tie'hopes of a' judge ship been blighted in the Attorney-General. The state of Sir William Stawell's health whlfi:in' Sydney was daseiibed by the Press as " critical," and visions of a tailless wig iindan trmine-trimmed robe. rose 'before tho'?ision 'f 5Mr Kerferd. The dream of hitQ life, the" goal of liis ambition, ti'e object for 'which hle has lived, wais at length within view..' But alas for . human iispiirations !" Sir William is hiimsdelf again, ind the' proverbial slip 'twixt cu1i anid lip hia again to be recorded. "Can it be'thait the- stars 'in' their coidrses are warking agfiiist the member for Beechwortli; 'and Providtnce' feels' the eternal' fitness 'of thinig'itoiild be "utindid by' a ci-dcvaet brewer5'(bf colonial bee)j taking his seat ohi the judicial bench ? Hardly so ; for does not history recbrd how' Cromwell, who, if not a brewer himself, was the son of one, became the despotic ruler of England ? ,Trie;,but thien Mr. Kerferd is not a Cromwell. .Th electioas'for the Council, Which took place on Thursday, have resulted in a 'Cob servaitivid vitioy all aldog the line. The BhilEiRlblbbh 'Ariiiy, the ERechabites,' and thed lcal bptionists, 'who' desireto: 'abblish thie iublicain,without' compnsation; and see oinit'" improved 'ff the face of the earth" withodt bdioefit of 'elerg, have, as' well 'as the Radidal wire-ljullers. suffered a heavyv 10W = Bns ore iuoiotgsxgemeienu. ir. M -u to w*hmiitl flavour of hisiky was, in day goneby b nbt 'entirely iinknowi, animdted with a pervert's zeal, throw down the gkgo,lwhich'Bonifaceo was not slow to take up; ' :'Not 'only did': theb 'ex-mefiiber 'for Noitl Melbourne go' in bald headed for lobal option, but casting.his, uttorances in the Assembly to the, Winds, he annoinced hiiself as opposed to granting, any cm pensationn'to dispossessed , lotel- keepddrs, thuis-inducing the uncompromising einmity of the class. ' Ho staked the question,.of public-house 'ieform ino th'i issue'of 'the No?tlhYdaria eledtion, and has lost: M'' Halfey, another protege of the alliande, haes alsoebeon signally beaten. The 'esult'of tliesYtivo contests will, in all probability; induce Mr. Service and his Ministry to forego their intention of introducing;'a Licensing Act Ariiendritnt Bill during the present session, which ivill virtually shelve the matter until after the next general election; and it will, moreover,' have the effect of shd?ing the "liquor trade" that when they choose to unite thby can carry the day in inost of the metropolitan' elee toiates. Teetotal candidates will not, be very numerous for seats in the next 'As iehibly; \- The "sensational" episodes of thb:week comprise i case of child murder by 'the mothor, thd suicide of a well-known fre quenter of the- Law Courts, who invariably pleaded his own "'auses, and the rilling of a Chinaman in ond of the low'dens of the " Celestial" quarter of the city. The first case las nothing to lift it out of the ordi nary category of crimes committed by danisels who ldve, not wisely, but too well,. excepting the fact that the murderess, who' destroyed her own offspring to hide . her shanme,'was twenty-six years old, aii age when she might have been expected to " know better." The suicide of Mr. Johni Braggo.Slack, who is. the owner of . con siderabl"e property ' at South Melbourne, is mainly'noticeable 'for the determined way.in which ,it as chrried out, .his head bein' literally nearly.sedered from his body. The murder'of Ah Goon, native of the FloweryLand, has brought out his coiintrymen in a now light. Thdy have. offered a reward of .200 for the discovery of the'perpotrator of. the offence, and ii a Chinese poster, extensively circulated in the phit ofoMelbourne they have chosen 'a their 'ddoicile, announed that they desire the criimizihl to be bi6uglt'to justice "in ioder to vihdidate Chietse mirality." Aid truly'this commbdity, in view of some ricent revelatiods ini the City Police Court, is sadly.in need of vindication." .. A somaeihat stirtling announcement was a day or two since iiade; tothe .effect that a 'young man,'tthe victim iof unrequited affection, had committed suicide 'in .tli Yarri; in despair of winning the lovd of Miss Emilie Melville. 'A coat, containing a litter to the prima donnia was' fiind on tlie'blnks of'the river, tho., ownier'of ,'th gariient notifying that his body vwoid lie discovered, if sought fo, iii the' not over savioury streaml : It was some: tih before the piibiic realisd' the fact ttthat the iole stoiy whs' aelever. advertismuent, designed to create attention.to the last week of the .opera season at the Bijou. The onlypeople taken in were ,the -very, clever. Viitoriani police, who dragged. the: .Yarra for two days;. it is. needless, to say without re sult;/ . i1 . " ,The farce ,of; F"inspecting the country lines "~is still being .performed Iby ýthe Railway Commissioners. ,;These gentlemen start by special train ininthli carriage ex pfessly, fitted up. for their, convenience, trayerse :some hundred miles ofcountry by rail, and return to town in time for a .late dinner.:, Meantime the old grievances of, railway travellers -remain unredressed. The. laimps continue .to shed their ." dim, religious light,'- to the disgust of everyone. who endeavour. to read after sunset ; the porters are as disobliging and-uncivil as'of yore, and the carriages :as dirty.'ýand cdrauglity. as, before the advent of the threo thousand pounder.Commissioner. ; If Mr., Speigh?t.;and his colleagues would, just for once. in a, way, travel incog, by qrdinary train, they would learn more of the real working: of the State lines than they will gather from fifty jaunts in their saloon on wheels. At the commencement of the week we had hot winds and dust storms, and now these have given way to piercing southerly gales and rain showeis. As a consequence thle attendance at the various theatres has not bee " large, 'Att the 'Bijou Miss Mol yille appiars to-night in k jfarewiellibenefit as'" La iPerichole," 'and is to' be, repliced oh-Monday by, the piece' of' viulgar -buf! fodnery known as "Fun o' the 'Bristol. AtIthe Prihcfss " Fiiend6 ' is still. being given; no change being, as yef annohiiced Madlame Simonsen's faiewell to thi stage, tliat 'tces place on tli'e afternoon of the 2Gth, promises to be a great success. " Giuy Mannering" nnd iahne. ldfield-" still hold the boards 'at the Rbyl, while ,thd Opera House, tinder the iiinageiieiit of Rign6ld and Allison, henicforth, ac'ording to the bills, to be chlled' Her. Mjesty's Opera Oouse, ioropens to-iglight with "Rbmionead' Juliet.' 'Miss ' ainny Reed; ani actiess hew to6 the Melbouioe 'itage, and Mr. FPi?iilk Cotes take tlide 'f?tle'rols. This theatre has beedii'thoroughly ren6ýiated and ibedcoiated, a process of ivhicli'it has 16ng stood'.siidly in need . ' Septeimber 14. ' : : ': S. -_ 