CORRESPONDENCE. A IWORD ON IRISH SOLDIERS, IRnISH LOYALTY, ET. ' TO! T?EDITOI: SI,--Proparatory :to offering a: few re marks on the above; permit me to indulge a little in the egotiatical line. Eli 'I am quite as.-loyal to the English Throne: and. British Constitution, and as devoted to her Majesty- perhaps more so as .even the editor of your contemporary over the way,wvhose wierdly-inspired philo sophy is favourable towards the hatred of the whole Irish race by the rest of man kind. Why P' Because, forsooth,. a few demons in human shape who are, or are supposed to be sons of Erin, make dia bolical attempts to destroy life and pro perty. To identify those fiends with Mr. Parnell and his lieutenants is the no plus ultra of ignorant prejudice and rancour. The following clip from a contemporary will speak on: this head for itself: "Two Parnelliteo members, Messrs. Sullivan and Lynch, were staying in the Victorian Hotel, over the cloak-room of the station where the. London police say they discovered the dynamite and clock wdrk arrangements, and had there not been a hitch in the working of the; mn chinery, new elections' for Westmeath and Ennis would probably have become neces sary.' Thanks to the noble and generous instincts of the, glorious liberty-loving Anglo-Saxon race, we (Irishmen). are not hated by our neighbourly islanders, or by any other people; At the very height of Fenian troubles I was hovering about the western counties of England, whereo my nationality won for me the friendship and esteem of all whom I came in contact with. This very friendly feeling is heartily reciprocated towards all Englishmen when sojou~rning in the "Emerald Isle.'? Perhaps some of my English friends may, from personal experience, bear me out in this. Then why should your contemporary by his venomous article, endeavour to. generate the seeds of rancour and discord in this distant region of our beloved Queen's vast 'dominions ? They are un kn?own in England; they'never fostered in Ireland, nor can the world's agency rear them in that dear land while the Catholic Church remains the prevailing religion of the people. What would the anti-Irish Telegraph say if its Melbourne namesake, for instance, asserted ."that Ogden and Sutherland would make the name of Tas mania to be despised throughout the world P" Even this would be more sane logic than that of your contemporary, as the two wretches of Epping. Forest notoriety bear a larger. proportion to the Tasmanian population than do the dyne miters to the Irish people. A." Subscriber" in your issue of the 13th instant, with pardonable pride refers to the. heroic conduct of his countrymen at the battle of Tamaneib, of which I confess to feeling somewhat proud myself, especially as fully one-half of the far-famed Royal Irish Fusiliers were well known to me. But, at the same time, I think that the instance referred t) does not necessarily call for such public parade, because the bravery, loyalty, and devotion to. duty of II.. Irish soldiers neither began nor ended at that skirmish (battle, if you will). They are simply traits of character, ever and always displayed, and will be displayed by Irish troops, as acknowledged by history, and ratified by every officer of the army, dead or living. "Subscriber" says that the " English and Scotch regiments were beaten and defeated." English or Scotch regiments were never "beaten" or " defeated," and' allow me to tell your correspondent that none would resent this slander so quickly or emphatically as their Irish comrades.. If ." Subscriber" ever served, he must know 'that among the 141 battalions ",available for home and foreign service," there are exactly 141 corps the "best in "the Red Army." The kilted Irishman will maintain,, at the exponse of his life, that the Highland Brigade can conquer, single-handed, -any army in Europe. The stalwart High lander, in the uniform of the famous 88th, would hold out before Bruce and Wallace themselves, were they in the flesh, that the Connaught Rangers would wipe out Scot land itself in her most prolific day of heroes. : Such has been the esprit de corps in every regiment, which, I regret to say, is rapidly expiring before the innovation of Cardwellism. I should like to know what Sir Garnet Wolseley has done to establish him as a "great general." Heis admittedly a good soldier, andcertainly a luckyland fortunate officer, and one who knew and knows how to play his "cards." 'He has ever been an advocate of the Cardwell re- organisation scheme, although lie must have known, as every officer 'ind soldier knew, that the system was destroying the army. But sycophantic deferenceto asloriors(?)is met with in all classes, from the Court to the cabin. I cannot think that "Subscriber" has emblazoned the long scroll of Irish heroism ,by adding Lord Wolseley's name thereto. It is rather late in the day for "Subscriber" or any body else to drag Wellington's name through your free columns, He might be. allowed to :rest in . Westminster Old Abbey, with all his honours, which the fatal blunder of Marshal Grouchy won for him. 'We might possibly never have had the " Knight of the Holy Ghost" (Spanish title), were it not for that stray bullet which stietched "a gentleman, a general, and 'a soldier" (Sir John Moore), on the ramparts of Corunna. 'Wellington will be remembered in the regimental library, but the name of thatillustrious Scotch general, Sir Charles Napier, will never be forgotten in the barrack-room. A "Subscriber". is all at sea when he states .that England is wanting in grati tude towards Irish soldiers for. their fidelity and bravery. - As far as the actors themselves are concerned, such is not the case. Whether it be due to the smartness, tidiness,, intelligence, and good conduct of my countrymen, or pure favouritism, is a question for others than the, writer, but the fact remains that the inajority of the non-commissioned ranks, in all pet billets, such as officers' servants, mess-waiters, etc., are Irishmen, so that our nimeits are fully recognised and honestly rewarded by English.gentlemen, aind conseqiuently H.M. Irish soldiers are the most loyal and most dutiful subjects among all her people. A moral lesson is surely taught here by England's military chiefs to her political rulers. This-let the Irish people govern themselves, and thus place them on a level 'footing with the rest of British peoples, and you make the empire indivisibly solid and firm. The day the Queen lands at the Ninth Wall, and is escorted by'the "finest body of armed men in the world" (the Royal 'Irish Constabulary) to open her Irish Par liament, will see the '!brightest gem of the ocean" riveted to the British Crown, that' no, human agency can remove. ' A leading article in your issue of last Friday hits Mr. M. Davitt hard, also giving some honestly-intentioned advice to Irishmen, but - Excuse this abrupt termination, as I am' suddenly called to try an unmitigated reprobate for violating the Sabbath by washing his shirt. S. Should you, gratify my vanity by pub lishing this brilliant'effusion-the first since joining the magisterial ranks-you'll hear from me again.-Yours, etc., i Jonr Bnowc, J.P. 'A certain prelate who often 'says smart things was at the late Convocation having a discussion with a-elergyman of 'advanced opinions on the position of the ,Ritualistic party. The clergyman said,, "I suppose, my Lord, you would have nothing.to bring against us.provided we 'kept within the covers of the prayer book ?", ".Oh, cer tainly not!" said the Bishop. "But the worst of it is you do not consider them as binding." If there is one time more than another when a woman should be entirely alone, it is when a full line of clothes comes dos.p n the mud, 