The Advertiser. PonrI,II EoD EVItmY TUEODAY, THUUSDAY AND SATURDAY MOltNINO, Batrnmdale. T'hursday, Sep?ember 18, 1884. Accou'rs received by the JtEnglish mnil, which has just arrived, of the political strugglo in England, over the new Reform Bill, fully demonstrate that the inhabitants of tho homue country havo entorod upon a periol of liorco party combat sirmiltr to the political warfaro ulshored in by the btonevoll warty of Victoria in 1877, with tho exception that it will leave its llfects much longer bohind it in Eugland than it did in Virtoria.' Though the intelligencee re ceived by the Shannon is as. early as the Sth August, and the principal facts have been anticipated by cablegram, it is nevertheless most interesting to digest the doetils, and note how . analagous the presntit political situation in England is with the one but too recently passed through by this colony, with the exception that here it was men seeking their own aggrandisement who inflated 'the multitude with ?a flsee political fer. vor, which would have been only too com mendable if the battle had been what it was ostonsiblylinitioted for, to secure to the greatest number political rights and privileges.which it..was sought to do. prive them of. In England the present conflict has 'been brought about to secure party ascendency. The Glad. stone Admioistration, mainly. through the impotency they displayed in con ducting their'foreign policy, discovered disaffection gradually spreading in the Liberal ranks, and as a stroke ofdiplo. matic manncuvring introduced a Fran chise Bill iunto the House of Commons, which they succeeded in passing by a majority bf 130t votes. The measure did not provide for a re-distribution of seats, ind was consequently unpalatable to the Conservatives .who, having been signally defeated on the question in Lower'Chamber, looked to the House ofLords.to come to their assistance. Better;counsols, however, would have prevailed with the Peers of England but for the uncompromising attitude assumed by the Marquis of Salisbury who holds autocratic sway. over his brother Peers, by the sheer force of an indomitable will and a storming, fiery kind of eloquence similar to that possessed by some who have been the leadin gstatesmen in Victoria. Unfor. tunately for the Marquis of Salisbury, besides the attributes to which we have referred, he is very intemperate in judgment, and as is too often the case with many other men with splendidly moulded minds;, he too frequently mahifests profound ignorance of public feeling on the burning questions of the day, and too oftei evidences the want of a clear perception of the ultimate re-' suits of the policy which he-forces on· his docile followers. He could not per. ceive, though. earnestly warned by men with cooler judgments; that the rejec tion of the Franchise Bill by the House .of Lords would.havo maddened, as it has done, the people, as the apparently little warmth or zeal previously mani fested by the populace in favbr of, the measure had evidently lulled him into a seneotof a false security. But how speedily must be have beenldisillusion ised on the subject, for no sooner was the measure rejcted than popularindig. nation burst forth, and demonstrations were organised to denounce the action of the House of Lords. Angry cries have found ventilation, calling upon the masses to take the.necessary steps to either abolish the House of Lords altogether or to so far modify their power of veto on the popular will, as to prevent similar issues in future. Parliament was prorogued early, with the view of a short session being held in the autumn, when the Franchise Bill will again be passed and sent up to the Lords, and thus they will be afforded an opportunity of redeeming the serious blunder they have made in a mere party sense. They may profit by the experience of the sad error they have committed and rectify their mis take, but ih the m-antimo crimination and recrimination have arisen between the political partisans of each party, engendering a feeling of bitterness which it may take years to allay, and all this evil can be virtually attributed to the action of one man. . The ratepayers of the east riding of the shire of Bairnsdalo will be samewhat sur prised to learn that Mr. F. W. Drevermano, recently elected as the representative of that riding has resigned his seat. We are unaware of the reasons which have induced Mr. Drevermann to take this stop, but we have every reason for believing that he is acting under the best advice, for it will.be seen that though resigning his position "as councillori. he notifies that he will be a candidate for the. representatton of the riding at" the election which will be ap pointed, and judging from the result of the late polling, we imagide that he will be favored with a walk.over. - The attention of the travelling public is directed to the alteration in the time-table of the Lakes' Navigation. Company. The steamers until further notice will leave the wharf for Sale at 7 a.m. and the Bairnsdale for Rosherville and the. Lakes' Entrance every Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday at 3 p m., leaving the Entrance on Mondays, Wednesdays. and Fridays at 6 a.m.- On Mondays and Fridays theBairnsaale leaves the: wharf at 3 p.m.. for Braithen landing place, leaving there again at 5.30 a.m. for Payioesvillo and Bairnsdale, transhipping Sale passengers at Paynesville. .The steamer Tanjil left the wharf at seven o'clock yesterday morning, in order to afford facilities :for persons desirous of so doing being present at the Friendly. Societies' sports in Sale. There was quite an animated scene at the wharf, for what with, the bustle and excitement of. the passengers leaving, and there being six other steamers and two schooners at the wharf, the place had a very lively appear Last night Mr. D. Davis met-with a nasty accident in Nicholson stieet, through a fall.from his'horse.l He was picked up in an insensible condition'and conveyed to the' Albion Hotel, where he was attended by Dr. Duncan. On inquiry at a later hour last night, we learnt that though Mr. Davis had sustained severe injury to his face he was not dangerously hurt. Active work has been 'commeheod by Mesare. J.'Q. Dhilsen and Co. in repairing the steamer Nell, the firm. having engaged five carpenters from Melbourne, besides the available. local artisans, to repair the steamer; We understand that a first-class engineer will shortly arrive hero to report on the Nell. The firm of Messrs. Adam, Johnston and Co., of Coongulmerang were the successful tendurers for the supply of red gum sleepers at the Sale railway termnus. The amount of tender, was .£955 7s 3d. We learn that M[r. B. Phillips, of Luck. now, has purchased a fine Big Oun colt, dam Blossom, and that it is his intention to offer the public the services of the colt during the season. The animal will be located at Lucknow. We have receive I thi folowing from Mr James Low, Congulmeraug :-'I beg leavo tocallyour attention to having been reported in your journal, in lroposing the toast of fihe "Agricltural Interest." at the rc cent Lanquet to Mr. Clarke, that it was my desire to see their (thei farme-') olbstacles lessened by being able to procure laborers at one shilling per day. I deny having uttered the above sentenco andl trust that you will withdraw the ncame, as I consider it a most malicious report of after dinner toast-maakinga." VWe amerely reported the pr?cocdiung referred to as the facts were supplied to us, and hald neitlher mualle nor motive to serve. We believe Mr. Low did not use the exact words as reported, but said that " if tlings went on ats at present, farming would not pay except with labor at a shilling per day," A meeting of the committee of the Bairnadale Agrioultuara Society was held at Doggau's BHotl yesterdei morning, when c.,nsiderable progless was made respecting the framing of a schedule of prizes and transacting business in connection with the forthcoming spring show. Few men were better known in the dis trict than Mr. James Peck, for many yearn a partner in the well-known firm of Eng lish, Peck and Co., of'Salo. "The news, therefore, of his death, which occurred at four o'clock yesterday afternoon, will be a sad item to very many of our readers. As a stock salesman, the deceased gentleman. until his health failed iini, was regarded as a prince of auctioneers, and was ia man of strict business integrity. He was for in number of years a prominent member of the Salo Turf Club. and was ,always to the fore in as-iatigCauny public matter. Some time ago he had to retire from business through ill health, and sought renewed health in a more genial climate, from which he lately returned, when his friends were gratified by the intelligeneo that he had somewhat improved. This change, however, would appear to have only been one of the tempor.,ry character so common in consumption, whiioi was the cause of death. The Lady Court Ministrels. a company who have arrived hero with first.class credentials, appeared at Payne's Royal Assembly Hall on Tuesday evening to a fair house, and the .ntertainment provided was of a very interesting and varied character, and highly appreciated by those who attended. in the first part of the programme, the fun and witticisms custo mary to such performances. was well sus tained, and the singing and dancing which followed were exceedingly good. Miss Idan Talbot and liss Hamilton were very effective in their vocal efforts, and merited the loud plaudits bestowed upon them. Mr. Branscombe's recitations and Mr. Lesbie's songs and dances were much relished, and Messrs. Lacey and Russell in their various contributions were highly successful. A letter received from England by the last mail speaks in. gloomy terms of the depression there in the shipping trade, the firms owiuing steu.auers .at present being subjected to heavy losses. The epistle says :-" This is to be deplored for the sake of those capitalists who hove inveated their hard cash in lines of'steamers. The ship owners of the country have for some time, and are still going, through a trying ordeal. Thousands of steamers are laid up, the present rates of freight being totally inadequate to meet the expenditure of working a steamer. No doubt the building of steam vessels has run considerably be yond the demand, as our Leviathan steam ship builders possess such splendid ap. pliasices for the construction of vessels that they could supply every-maritime nation in the world, not only with a mercantile, but with a navrl marine. Notwithstand ing the losses which shipowners suffer from storms, collisions and scamping of work more steamers are continually launched than the legitimate trade of the country can utilise to a profit. If this condition of the shipbuilding trade should continue for any lengthened period, the old country will seem to have got at at last to the length of her tether." Accoints are at the receipt and pay office. Bairnsdale, for.Bendoc Prospecting Association. J. Cameron, C. Flynn, J. Elliott, E. Foley, E. Jones, W. Kellie, T. Miles, W. Macleod, M. IfDougall, K. M'Phail, D. Ii'Donald, J. Nichol, D. O'Rourke, T. T' Stirling, J. Stirling, H. Stoney, H. Sandy, E. Sancho, J. L. Stor mont, P. Wilson and S. Woodward. The adjourned meeting at Sarsflold in connection with the prospecting vote will be held at Day's Hotel next Friday evening at seven o'clock. It is earnestly desired that all persons interqated in the locality will endeavor to be present, as the subject to be discussed is one of vital importance to the place. At the 'meeting Mr. Smith ivill conclude his interesting address on the mineral resources of the district. The sixth anniversary tea meeting in: connection with the Swan Reach Sunday school will take place on, Monday the Oth October, tea to be on the tables at si o'clock. These social reunions at Swan Reach are always highly successful, and we anticipate the forthcoming one will.be as as equally so as any of its predecessors. The manager of the Ielbhourne Sports Depot has received' information by this mail that the " Club." bicycles and tri cycles have been awarded the only gold medal at the International Exhibition now being held at the Crystal Palace, London. Seeing that London is. the centre of the cycling world, this is a special distinction for their machines, for which they are natnrally proud. The following Government auditors have been appointed :--For the Shires of Rosedale, Traralgon and Alberton. Mr. D. C. Bower; for the Shires of Bright and Omno. Mr. David Cozert ; for the Shires ,of Dairnsiale and Tambo.and the Borough of Sate. Mr. T. N. Gray; for the Shires of Bulnd Buln, Warragul and Narracan, Mr. P. P. Nind; for the Shires of Maffra and Avon, and Borough of Walhalla, Mr. J. T. Peters.. The Paris correspondent of The Tines writes on July 25:--'" A parallel to the Port Breton affair was tried to.day before the Paris Court. Two enterprising gentle men, 11. Mentoer, who seems to be a jour nalist, and I1. Allemand. described as a banker, conceived some" time ago the in genious idea of turning the dry but fertile soil of the Sahara to profitable uses. This was to be done by means of artesian wells .and, artificial oases. The capital to be subscribed was 400,000f., half of which was handed over to the founders in return for the idea and for lands which had been pr-. chased from Arab chilfs. In order to stimulate the co-speration of capitalists two newspapers were founded, the France Populaire, at Paris. and th Sahara, in Africa. The judicial authorities had their attention called to this strange enterprise, and came to the conclusion that M.M. Menier and Allomand were swindling the investors, who had been inveigled into the business. Allemand at once took to flight, and Menier, who was tried to-day, was con. damned to two years' imprisonment, and a ftle of 500f. Allemandiwas condemned, by default, to five years' imprisonment and a fiee of 1000f." A disgraceful theft wans perpetrated about Monday evening last. ,It appears that the large silk banners and ftnieishinge of the Mibernian Society and of the Catholic school, that of the former some 12 or 14 feet long, a'handsomo and. costly emblem, have been kept for some time in a large securely locked box in the buggy shedl of the Catholic Presbytery. The box (says the Times), which was made for the pur posne. had two locks, and wa of a very sub stantlial description, and an it was placed at the further end of the shed, an I no only divided from the bhd-head of the groom sleeping in the next apartment by a thin partition, it was considerud to be as safely lodged as prudence could sauggot. During the nigllt, however, the lid was prised open. apparontly with a cold chisel, for the large screws holding the locks were forced out of the wooIdwork. It is surmised that one of the objects sought in stealing the banners just at this time, when they would have been wanted for the march in yesterday's procession, was to obviate the necessity of some of the members, who possibly might not wish to march, being compelled to Ie in their places at tihe gala festivities. 11i that as it may, the act of stealing the banners, or even of rmnoving thost, is a piece of wanton vandalism, and we shall b ilsad to learn thalnt the offenders hlra boeu detected and properly deanlt with. IThe omciers of the society offer a reward of fifty pounds for thie conviction of the perpet a tore of tieo theft. Mr. It. A. F. Murray hbas nloittttd to tih lIinister of Mines the following list of localities, suggesting as affording sttes for boring with diamond drills tn search of auriferous lodles and coal deposits :-I- . tensioll of deep ltetds weal;wa;d frot Stawell, southlward from Aarrt, and at IIlutdon and westward of Illanhat i deep lead probably existing beotwon Gordon anti Egortou 1 probable extosnlon of Ilomnobuslh I leads, near Wreek ; deep lead of Bet Bet Valley, near Bung Bong; upper extension of Mount Greenock lead; cextension of leads from Crswiock, Smneaton. Cluoes and Carisbrook; extension of all the Loddon Valley deep leads combined ; extension of Malmsbury deep loads; probable leads be neath lbasalt went of IKyneton, betweon Russell's Creek and Latrobe River. between Latrobe and 'Pangil Rivers, and south of T'homson River, Moondarra; extension of enal seams south of Narracan Valley, HIazelwood, Mirboo, Cape Pat'erson, and Strezlecki Ranes; leais in the Beech worth distriot, between Wmngaratta and Rutherglen, and at Wooragee. At a meeting of the Dary committee of the tloyal Society, hield at the Town Hall, Mel bourn0 on Friday, it was resolved to ask tihe daily newspapoler to ndertakle to receive subscrlptiotus to n testimonial feer Dr. l)avy, in recognition. of his survices in connection with the practical doevelopment of the elec. trio telegraph. The name of Mr. K. L. Mur ray,'electrial onginleer of the Victorian rail ways, was unanimously nddestr tho tl com mittee, and the following gentlemen, mem mrs of the committee, were appointedtby the Poyal Society to receive subscriptions: Irfssrs. Rt. L. J. Ellcry, Observatory ; S. VW. \l'Iswan, Post Office; ,Tuseph Bosisto, Itellcmonrl ; WV. C. Kereot, Umnversity; K. L. Murray, railways ; E. J. White, Obser vatory ; Jas. Jamieson, M.D., Collins street; J. Cosmo Newbery, Alex. Sutherland, Gco. W. Selby, junr., 28 Queen street; andl C. B. Blackctt. Victorian journalists have been used to' some lhard donouncements, but we do not think they hove been hit so hard as in the following :-" Peerybingle" in the Weekly Times ites :--The erratic George Francis Train, who was well-known in Victoria many days ago, is still living, as I learn from an exchmange. IoHe has fallen fool of tho New York press, and has been gently chiding them in print. And this is how the. gentle Train runs on the "rails," and does not trouble to put the break on. He calls the press " venal scoundrels," but the whole apostrophe is worth reading " "Venal scoundrels ! Have at it ye cures Out, damned spot !, Whang I Bang~! Wh.o-o-o-p ! Miscreants all of ye !-More ink !-Spartan dogs I hate yole Roast ye in deep down gulf of liquid lire !- Turn the r.tscals out ! Come on feeble carrione, all of ye ! Carrions, all of ye ! Carcasses fit for the hounds I Goore fleshed, fevered lepers and paralised imbeciles, I hate ye !-l--ore ink !--Emaciated horned idiots, pack ter riers. and gliding ghosts, avaunt ! Cap an.t knee slaves, vampours, minute jacks, n: led gulls, and dishcloth harbingers of pestilential visits, have at it I-More ink I Green sickness carrion and tallow laced baggage away ! Away ! Carbuncle-backed toads, dove-feathered hogs and canvas. backed hellions, pale before mel Turn the rascals out 1" There are certain legis biters in Victoria who allow their angry passions to rise and prompt them tolaunch invectives against the press; but, bless us all, they are not within miles of the same dictionary as George Francis Train's. 