TALES AMDKETCHSS. FOXCLOVE Iqr. A New No\ BY ROBERT BUC,NAN( Author op " God and tub Man, rp|lk gn optus Sword," "Love Chapter XIV.— Baptisto Sta jj0mk( As Haldane sat m Ins 8tuai'o evening previous to tho morning fixed for :ouru0y to London, Baptisto entered quickly s0od before tho desk at which his master jU8|jy writincf. 11 Can I speak to you, sofior?" Haidano looked and nodded " What is it, Bautiato ?" " You have arranged that I shall g. you to-morrow, but I havo had during tr few days an attack of my old vortigo. n you possibly dispenso with my attondi, eflor?" / Haidano stared in surpriso at tho Spantai faco, which was inscrutablo as usual. "Do you moan to say you wish to remain homo?" 11 Certainly, sofior." 11 Why V liecauso you are ill ? On tho co trary, you look in excellent health. No ; it ib impossible I cannot get along without you' And Hnldane returned to his papers as if tho matter wns ended. Baptisto, however, did not budge, but re mained in tho Bame position with his dark eyos fixed upon his master, "Do me this favor, seiior. I am really in disposed, and must beg to remain," Hnldane laughed, for ail idea suddenly oc curred to him which seemed to explain tho mystery of his servant's request, "My good Baptisto, I think I understand tho cause of your complaint, and I am sure a -little travel will do you good. It is that dark eyed widow of tho lodge keeper who attaches you so much to the Manor, Tho warm blood of Spain still burnB in your veins, aud, despite your sad experience of women, you are Btill impressionable. Eh ? Atn I right?" Baptisto quickly shook his head, with tho least suspicion of a smile upon lus swarthy face. "I am not impressionable, reaor, and I do not admire your English women ; bub I wish to rcmuin all the same." "Nonsense !" " Nonsense ! In serious lament, aefidr, I beseech you to allow mo to remain." But Haidano was not to he persuaded nt what he conceived to bo a mere whim of his servant. He still believed that Baptisto had fallen a captive to tho charms of Mrs, Fcrne, a little, plump, dark eyed woman, with a large family He had frequently of late seen tho Spaniard hanging about the lodge — on one oc casion nursing aud dandling tho youngest child, and he had smiled to himself, thinking that tho poor fellow's misanthropy, or rather his miaogyuism, was in a fair way of coming to an end Rinding his master indisposed to tako his request seriously, Baptisto retired ; and pre sently Haldnnu strolled into the drawingroom, whore he found his wife "Have you heard of tho last freak of Bap tisto? He actually wants to remain at case, instead of accompanying me in ray journey," Eilen looked up from soma embroidery, in which she whs busily engaged, " On no account !" she exclaimed. "If you don't take him with you, I shall not stay in the placo." "Dear me !" said the philosopher. "Surely you are not afraid of poor Baptisto !" " Not afraid of him exactly, but he makes me shiver. Ho comes and goes like a ghost, and whou you least expect him, ho is at your olbow. Then, of course, I cannot help re membering he has committed a murder !" " Nothing of the kind," said Haldane, laugh ing, and throwing himself into a chair. " My dear Ellen, you don't believe tho whole truth of that affair. True, he surprised that Span ish wife of his with her gallant, whom he stabbed ; but I have it ou excellent authority that it was a kind of duello, the other man was armed, and so it wns a fair fight," Ellen shuddered, and showed more nervous agitation than her husband could qnite account for. " Take liim away with yon," she cried ; " take him away. If you never bring him back, I shall rejoice. If I had been consulted, he would nevor have been brought to England." A little later in tho evening, when Haldane had returned to his paper, which ho was dili gently finishing to tako away with him, he rang and summoned the Spaniard to his pre sence " Well, it is all settled. I havo consulted your mistress, aud sho insists on your accom panying mo to-morrow." A sharp flash came from Baptiato's dark eye. He made an angry gesture ; then, con- ! trolling himself, he said iu a low, emphatic voice — "Tho senora means it ? She doca not wish me to remain?" " Just so." " May I ask why ?" "Only because she docs not want you, and I do. Between ourselves, she is not quito so certain of you as I am. Sho has never for gotten that little affair in Spain," Again the dark eyes flashed, and again there was tho same angry gesture, instantly checked. Haidano continued. " You are violent sometimes, my Baptisto, and modnme is a littlo afraid of yon. When she knows you better, as I know you, she will be awaro that you are rational ; at present — " " At present, seiior," said Baptisto, " she would rather not have me so near. Ah, I can understand ! Perhaps sho has reason to be afraid." Something in the man's manner, which was .sinister and almo3t threatening, jarred upon his master's miiul. Rising from hi) chair, Haldane stood with liia back to tho fire, and, with a frown, regarded the Spaniard, as lie said — " Listen to mo, Baptisto. I havo noticed with great annoyance, especially of late, that your manner to madamo 1ms been strange, not to say sullen. You are whimsical still, and apt to take offence. If this goes on, if you fail In respect to your mistress, and make your presence uncomfortablo in this house, wo shall have to part." To Haldane's astonishment, Baptisto asked an explanation, nud, falling on his knees, seized his master's hand and kissed it eagerly. " Qefior ! Seiior ! you don't comprehend. Yon don't think Iain uugrateful, that I do not romomber ? But you nro wrong. I would die to save you — yes, I would die ; and I would kill with my own hand any ono who did you an injury. I am your servant, your slave —ah yes, till death." " Come, get up, and go and finish packing my things." " But, seiior " "Get up, I say." Tho Spaniard rose, and with folded hand and bent head stood waiting. " Got ready like a sensible fellow, and let us havo no moro of this foolery. Thcro, thcro, I understand You are exciting yourself for nothing." " Then, I am to go, sefior I" " Cortainly." Early tho noxt morning Baptisto entered tho oarriagc witli his master, and was driven to tho railway station, somo seven milo3 away. As they wont along, Haldane noticed that tho i man looked very ill, and that from time to 1 time ho put his hand to his head as if In pain. At the railway station, while thoy were wait- ring for the train, matters looked most Bcrious. Suddenly the Spaniard fell forward on the datform as if in strong convulsions, his eyes n- arting out of hiB head, his mouth foaming. — \ey sprinkled water on his faco, chafed hiB 110 M8! and with some difficulty brought him \ " Tho devil !" muttered Haldane to himself, "It looks like epilepsy I" Baptisto was placed on a seat, and lay back ghastly palo, as if utterly exhausted. " Are yuu better now ?" uxked Haldane, bending over him. " A little better, seiior" But seeing him so utterly helpless, and likely to have another seizure, Haldane rapidly calcu lated in his own mind the inexpediency of taking him away oil a long railway journey. After al), tho poor fellow had not exaggerated hi condition, when ho had pleaded illneis as an excuse for remaining at home. "After all," said Haldane, "I think you will have to remain behind." Baptisto opened his oyes feebly, and stretched out his hands. "No, seflor ; sinco you wish it, I will go." " You shall remain," answered Haldane, just as tho whistle of the coming train was heard in tho distance, " Perhaps, if you are better in a day or two, you can follow ; but you will go away now in tho carriage, and scud over to Dr. Philipps, and ho will prescribe for you." Baptisto did not answer, but, taking his mas ter's hand, kissed it gratefully. Tho train came up. Haidano entered a carriage, and, gazing from the window as the train began to move on, saw Baptisto still seated ou the platform, very pale, Iris eyes half clO;Oil, his head re cmnbent. Near liim stood the station mafiter, a railway porter, and the groom who had driven them over from the Manor, all regarding him with languid curiosity. But the moment tho train was gone, Bap tisto began to recover. Rising to his feet, and refusing all offers of assistance from the others, ho strolled out of the station, and quietly mounted the dog-cart. The groom got up besido him, and they drove homeward through the green latics. Now, Baptisto was a gentleman, and seldom endured or tolerated familiarity from his fellow- servants. Had it bcun otherwise, the groom might have asked the explanation of his curious conduct ; for no sooner was he mounted on the dog-cart, and driving along in the fresh air, than the Spaniard seemed to forget all about his recent illness, sat erect like a mau in perfect health, and exhibited none of tho carious symptoms which had no alarmed his master. And when tho groom, who was a thirsty individual, suggested that they should make a dotour and call nt the Blue Boar Inn for a little stimulant, chiefly as a corrective to the attack from which his companion had just coffered, the Spaniard turned his dark eyes round about him aud actually winked. This proceeding so startled the groom that he almost dropped the reins, for never in the whole coarse of his so journ had the foreign gent condescended to such a familiarity. They drovo round to the Blue Boar, how ever, and the groom consumed the brandy, while Baptisto, who was a teetotaller, had somo lemonade, and lit his cigar. Then they drove home to the Manor, Baptisto sitting with folded arms, completely and absolutely re covered. About noon that day, as Mrs. Haldane moved about the conservatory, looking after Iter roses, a servant announced the Rev. Mr. Santley. Ellen flushed, a littlo startled at the announcement, coming so soon after lior hus band's departure, and her first impulse was to deny herself ; but before she could do so the clergyman himself appeared at the door of the conservatory. " You are an early viritor,"sho said, coldly, bending her face over the dowers, "It is just noon," auswered tho clergyman, " and I was going home from a sick call. Has Mr. Haldane gone ?" " Yes. Did you wish to see him ?" "Not particularly, though I bad a littlo commission which I might havo asked him to execute had I been in time." Surely the man's fall had already begun. Eilen knew perfectly well that he was lying. In point of fact, he lmd seen tho dog-cart drive past on tho- way to tho station, and ho had beeu unablo to resist the temptation of coming over without delay. With faco half averted, Ellen led the way into the dr&wingrooui;, and on to the terrace beyond, from which there was a pleasant view of tho Manor, tho plain, and the surrounding country. Just below the gardens were laid out in flower bods and gravel walks ; but the dark shrubberies were beyond, and at a litile distance, well in the shadow of tho trees, the old chapel. 'I here was a long silence. Ellen stood silent, gazing upon tho woods nud lnwu, while the clergyman stood just behind her, evidently , regarding her. At last she could bear it no longer, but, tinning quickly, exclaimed— " Why did you como ? Have yon anything to say to mo ?" "Nothing, Ellen, if you are angry," replied the clergyman. " Angry ! You surely know best if I havo cause. After what haB passed, I think it is better that we should not meet," she added in a low voice. "At least, not often." He saw she was agitated, and he took a ccrta;n pleasure in her agitation, ior it showed him thnt she was not quite un susceptible to the influence he might bring to bear upon her. As ho stood there, his sail eyes fixed upon her, his being conscious of every movemont she made, of every breath she drew, ho felt again the deep fatality of ' his passion, and silently yielded to it. Thero was another lung pause, which he was tho first to break. " Do you know, Ellen, I sometimes troinble for you, when I think of your husband'B opinions. In time you may learn to sharo them, and then wo should bo further apart thnn ever. At present, it is my sola comfort to know you possess that living faith without which every soul is lost." "Lost?" she repeated, in a bewildering way, not looking at him. " I don't menu in tho vulgar sense ; the theological ideas of damnation have never had my sanction, far less my sympathy. But materialism degrades tho bolievor, and sooner or later coin03 a disbelief in all that is holy, beautiful and sanctified. It is a hurublo creed, tho now creed of science, and fatal to spiritual hopes." " Does it raattor so much what ono believes, if ono'a lifo is good ?" "It matters so much that I would rather soo ono I loved dead beforo my fcot than nn avowed unbeliever. But thero, I have not come to preach to you. When docs Mr. Haidano return ?" "As I told you, in a fortnight, perhaps sooner." " And during his absenco we Bhatl meet again, I hope ?" She hesitated and looked atflhim. His eyes were fixed on the distaut woods, though he stood expectantly, as if awaiting her reply, which did not come. " Can you not trust mo ?" he exclaimed. " You know I am your friend ?" "I hope so ; hut I thiuk it is best that you should not come here. If you ware married, it would be different." " I shall not marry," ho replied impatiently. " What then? 1 am a priest of God, and you may trust me fully. If our Church commenced tho confessional, you might outer ic without fear, and I — I would lisUn to the outpourings of your heart. Should you in your grief bo afraid to utter them V" She moved away from him, turning her back ; but betrayed herself. Ho taw thu bright color mount to her ncclc and mantle there. "What nonsense you talk!" she said pre sently, wilh a forced laugh, " Arc you going over to Rome ?" " I nrighfc go over to the evil placo itself, Elten, if you were there," There was no mistaking tho words, the tons in their diabolic gentleness, their suavity of supreme aud total self-surrender. Sho felt helpless in spitb of herself. ' The man was overmastering her, and rapidly encroaching. : fcho feifc like a person morally stifled, and with , a strong effort tried to shake the evil influence ; away. " I was right," she said. " Wo mu3t not moot." lie smiled sadly, "As you please. I will come, or I will go, at your will. You havo only to say to mo, 'Go and destroy yourself, obliterate yourself for over from my Jife, b'.ot yourself out from the roll of living beings,' aud I shall obey you." Her spirit revolted more and more against tho steadfast, self-assured obliquity of the man. She saw that he was desperate, aud that the danger grew with his desperation. In every word he spoke, aud in his whole manner, thero was the sombre assurance of , something between ilicm, of some veiled but | excitable sympathy, which she herself utterly ignored. That moment of w'.ld delirium, when lio caught her in hia arms and kissed her, seemed, instead of severing them, to havo made a link between them. He had been con scious of her indiguatioD, ho had even pro fessed pcnitcuce j but she saw to her dismay that the fact of his folly filled him, not with fear, but with courage. So she dctv-rmined to end it at once and for over. "Let us understand each other," she said, trembling violently. "How dare you talk as if there was any community of feeling be tween us ! How dare you presume upon my patieuce, Mr. Santley ? It is wretched ; it is abominable ! When you talk of killing your self, when you assume that 1 have any serious interest in you, or any right over you, you in sult me and degrade yourself. Wo are no thing, and can be nothing, to each other." " I know that," he replied. "Do you think I am so inad as not to know that ?" " Then, why do you come hero to torture me, and to tempt me?" The w oid came from her beforo she knew it, and her face becamo scarlet; but he uttered no protest, and raised his white hand in depre cation. " Tempt you ? God forbid !" "I did not mean that," she murmured, In confusion ; " but you must know, you cannot fail to know, that it is not right for a married . woman to receive such expressions of sym pathy, however spiritual. It is that which makes me hate the CathoHo Church. The priest promises you lu9 office, and too often makes mischief under the guise of religion." " Do you accoso me of doing so ?" he de manded, in tho same sad, calm voice. " No ; lut you should remember that you have not the custody of my soul, and I hgve no right to influence your action?. Conic," she continued, with rather a forced laugh, "talk to me like a true English clergyman. Tell ine of the old women of the village, and their ailments ; ask me for A subscription to give to your new soup kitchen ; talk to nie as if Mr. Haldane wore listening to us— of your school?, your parish troubles, and you shall find me an eager listener !" " I will talk oi anything, Ellen, so long as I may talk to you." Again that manner of despairing certainty, of assured and fatal sympathy. Tho man- was incorrigible. Sho waited impatiently for some minutes, but finding he diu not speak again, sho held out her hand. " Since 3ou have nothing more to tell me," she observed lightly, " I think I will say good morning.- I am going to order the carriage and drive to Omberlcy." " When may I come nga'n ?" " Wlion you havo anything really parochial to say to rao. l'lease go now." Thtir eyes met, and hers sank beneath his own. As he crossed towards tho door it opened, and Baptisto appeared upon the threshold. " Did you ring, aeflora?" At the sight of the Spaniard's dnll impres sive faco Mrs. Ilaldano started violeutly, and went a little pale. She had heard uothing of his return, and he came like au apparition " Baptisto ! What are you doing hero ? I thought— — " She paused in wonder, while the Spaniard inclined his head and bowed profoundly; " I wns taken with a vortigo at the station, and tho seflor uormittod me to return." " Thon, your master has gone alone ?" " Yes, seflora." ' " Very well. Order tho carriage at once. I am going out." Baptisto bowed aud retired, quickly closing tho doori Santley, who had stood listening during the abovo conversation, now propnred to follow, but, glancing 'nt Ellen, saw that sho was unusually ngrtated, "That is a shunter-looking fellow," ho remarked "I am afraid he has frightened you." : . "Indeed, no," sho replied ; " though I confess I was startled at bis unexpected return. Good-bye." " Goodbyo," -ho satd, again taking her hand and holding it/or a moment in his own. Passing from the drawingroom, ho again camo faco to face with Baptisto, who was lurking in tho lobby, but who drew asido with a respectful bow to allow the clergyman to pass. He crossed the hall, descended tho stone steps of the portico, and walked slowly towards the lodge. As he passed the ruined ctrapol, its shadows seemed to fall upon his spirit and leave it in ominous darkness. He shivered slightly, and drew his oloak about liim ; then witli his eye3 cast down lie thought fully walked on. He did not glance hack. Had he done so, ho would have seen Baptisto standing on tho stops of the Manor House, watching liim with a siuiatur simile. | cliaptkr XV.— co.'mukatioy, It was a chill day in early autumn, and as Charles bautloy parsed along the dark avenue of the Manor .his path was strewn here and thero # with freshly fallen leaves. Dark shadows lay on every side, and the heaven above was full of a sullon, cheerless light. It j was jmt the day for a modern Eaust, in tho course of his noonday walk, to encounter, in some fancied guise, canine or human, the evil . one of old supeistition. Bo that as it may, Santley knew at last that the hour of his temptation wa3 j over, ami that the evil one was not far away, j He knew it, by thu sullen acquiescence of evil j of his own soul ; by tho deliberate and des- . pairing precision with which he had chosen , the easy and downward path ; Ly the sense of ; darkness which already obliterated the bright | moral instinois by his essentially religious j mind. He had spoken the truth when hosaid j he would follow Ellon Haldane anywhere, j even to the eternal pit itself. Her beauty pos- I scsscd lrim and disturbed lriin with the joy of ; impure thoughts ; and now that he perceived his own power to (rouble her pence of mind, he rejoiced at the strength of Iris passion with a truly diabolic perversity, Ax he came out of the lotlgo gate he saw, far away over the fields, the spire of his own church, He laughed to himself. But the inan'rf faith in spiritual things, so far from being shaken, was as strong as ever. His own sense of moral deterioration, o£ spiritual backsliding, only made him believe all the more fervently in the heaven from which lie had fallen, or might choose to fall If or it is surdy a mistake to picture, as so many poet? have pictured, the ovil spirit as one ignorantolor insensible to good. Far wiser is the theology which describes Satan as the highest of angelic spirits — the spirit which, above all others, had beheld and contemplated the Godhead, and had then, in sheer revolt and j negation, deliberately and advisedly decided its own knowledge and rejected its own truth- I right. Santley was, in his basest moods, i essentially a godly man— a man strangely curious of the beauty of goodness, and capable of infinite celestial dreams. If, like many an« j other, he confused the flesh and the spirit, he did no more than many sons of Eve have done, Under other conditions he would have com pleted IriH celestial dreams with Mariolatry, or some such creed, which, indeed, might have saved him, as it surely saved certain of the old saints. As ho walked slowly along he mu-cd, some what to this effect — " I love this woman. In her heart she loves inc. Her superior spiritual endowments arc my-tically alive to those I myself possess. Iler husband is a clod, an unbeliever, with nc spiritual promptings. In u3 sardonic presence, her aspirations are chilled, frozen at the very fountain head; whereas, in mine, all the sweet ness and the power of her nature are aroused, though with a certain irritation. If I persist she must yield to the slow moral mesmerism of my passion, and eventually fall. Is this necessarily ovil? Am I of set purpose sinning? Is it not possible that even a breach of the moral law might, under certain conditions, lead us both to a higher religious place — yes, even to a deeper aud intense? consciousness of God ?" Aud again — " What is sin ? Surely it is better than moral stagnation, whiclt is death. There are certain deflections from duty which, like the sidostroke of a bird's wing, may wait us higher. In tho arms of this woman, I should surely be nearer God than crawling alone on tho bare path of duty, loving nothing, hoping nothing, becomiug nothing. What is that Goethe says of the Eternal Femi nine which lead us ever upward and onward ? Which wns the highest, Faust before he loved Marguorite, or Faust after he passed out of the shadow of his sin into the sphere of im perial and daring passion ? I believe in God. I love this woman. Out of that belief, and that love, shall I not become a living soul ?" Was this the man's own muring, or rather the very devil whispering in liis ear? From such fragmentary glimpses of his mind as have been given, wc can at least gues3 the extent of his intellectual degradation. As he walked along the country road, his pale countcunnco became seraphic ; just so may the face of Lucifer have looked when he plumed his wings for deliberate flight from heaven. lln stepped into a roadsido fnrcn and had » glass of milk, which the good woman of the place handed to him with a sentiment of adora tion ; lie looked so gentle, so at peace with all living things. His white hand rented for a moment on tho head of her little girl, in gentle benediction. He had never felt more tenderly disposed to all creation than at that moment, when he was prepared to dip a pen into his own heart's Mood, and sign the little promissory uoto which Mcphtstopheles carries, always ready, in his pocket. He had hated his con gregation before ; now he loved them exceed ingly — and all the world. 