1\. PLATFOIr orators, in..their flights of ' rhetorical fancy, have so often stated, , when: the! spirit ofi spread-eagleism- was strong upon 'them, that ":fifty years hence the . population of Australasia will i, nurbiar ftry millions of people,"'ithat the assertion has almost come to -be looked upon as a proposition, te correct ness of which is mathematically proyed. AWe are afraid, however, that" whenrithe d figures comno to be tested, and the: basis. upon which the estimate of the growth of the colonies- is founded is calmly looked 8 at in the light of sober, truth, the picture Sof our future.: greatnessj withiinthe s specified period, ,will''; boe found to have been slightly overdrawn. . What Sare indeed the possibilities of our growth as a great sou'thrn dominion ?A reference to the year-book for 1882-3, published by Mr. Hayter, the Registrar-General of n Victoria, shows that the total population of Australasia in 1871 was 1,194,882, and .that at the expiration of the next decade, in 1881, it hid grown to 2,742,550, an , increase of 767,668. In ten years there was therefore an.i icrease of upwards of three- quarters of a million.-: Should the ° rate of progression be maintained, the population may, without causing' us to Sindulge in any , extraordinary, feats of imagination, be .expeact-d to a"ttain' n 4,000,000; for although Nbew 'Zealand is .not likely tob continue .her ox n periment of imiorting emigrants on the sane scale of magnitude as that which lis 6 hitherto been in vogue, some of the other Smem bers 'of tha Ausatialasian. group are beginning t jiniite a " policy Tyhich mid UL isen tho progress of that develop. mont. Assuming, therefore, that 'in 18B1 the nuiaberof the inhabitants of these colonies reaches 4,000,000, . on , what ground do our speculative orators base their expectation of the fifty millions to be fiind here after a lapse of forty years 1? The increase per cent..of the population of the several. Australasian .colonies during the ten years 'between a 41871 and' 1881 was, according :to the authority already quoted, as follows: New Zoeland ... .... 8 83'51 Queensland ... ... ... 7062 SSouth Australia ... 48'06 S Nw S.uth Wales ... ... 44174 Western Australia ... . .3718 Victoria .; .... ... -1533 S Tasmaia ... 13"63 The average increase in the whole of s the colonies 'was thus: .3887. per cent.i Sduring the decade. If this rate be taken' I 'as constant, we shall have a mode, against the fairfess of which no great objection can be raised, of estimating the future of Australasia among the nations.. True, it may be urged on the one side that as the total figures grow, the ,relative increase will become smaller; that, for 'instance, while it may be comparatively easy to increase our numbers by .one-third in ten years, starting with a population of: 3,000,000, it would not be reasonable to expect a sinilar rate of increase on:a population of 15,000,000. -This proposi. tion can hardly be denied. -But against it may be placed the fact that the bold 'bwrld is daily becoming more crowded, and thatthe continent of America isfastfilling by the processes of growth and absorption, and it is, therefore, not unreasonable to' assume that the present rate of increase in Australasia will be niaintained for the next half century. In that,, case the population would in 1901 have increased to 5,300,000; in 1911 to 7,000,000; in' 1921 to 9,300,000; and in 1931, or at the expiration of fifty years from the date of the last census, would have attained to 12,400,000. This is the sober prose transla tion of the poetical facon de parler which talks of " a people consisting of fifty mil lions." But even accepting the fact to which Ithe imaginative method of calou. lation adopted inevitably.leads it must be t evident that a federated Australasia i would take''it place among the nations of r the world as a necessary factor in a the calculations of statesmeii. "'.lih'mere d contenipltion of this possibility, opens up a.wide vista of speculative thought. , We are in truth at the present moment a virtually the. trustees of a noble estatoi and it behoves us to.fulfil our trust with a full responsibility of the great and import c ant duties dev6lviiig upbn us. What a a vast reserve of strength for the future is I now' being' stored for the grand 'old i country, to which we owe, our .existence. a That whatever may boour position in the scale of nations we shall reanin loyal I ii,' not to .be idoubted.- Sedition b and rebellion are the children; of wrong I arid'opplresioi, iind nd~sitheso colonies have, a perfect .system, of locals self- ii government, which leaves' nothing to be t desired in the way of the fillest liberty, o there .is .no reason to anticipate any a severance, froin the :empire:. When two d generations have. piased away, "nid Aus- L tralasia has altaindd tihe population. she has a full right to anticipate, thibre will g by that timi be some hundred and l ~enty millions' of English speaking people 7 united under the Britihi Crown, Surely ti the empire may ' thn slarid securely. f against even "a world in arms." . And ' yet at the present day there are people I. who would fain make us believe that England iens reached the summit of her . glory, and has enterod on a period of' a decadence I '. w, Oua CABLE NEwe.-Latest intelligence to hand from the Soudan states that aol interview .is shortly to take placebtwoon Major-General Gordon and the -Mahdi in reference to the terms of the proclamation'. recently issued by thel former- at KharA toum. )The expedition' under General. Gralisnu is,:reported. toeth' reqady-to .tart tfrbsiiiLas--Mahdf, and would proceed to Tokar yesterday, but further news to hand states that it is reported the garrison at that town has already surrendered tothe in surgents. Being reduced to the verge of starvation; the Governor capitulated, half the' garrison,hliowever, prieferrig to take flight. One of the transports conveying troois to the Soudantis reported to hays. gone ashofe near Suakim. The question' r of Australasian federation is receiving at-' tbntion in the House of Lords, the repro liiitatijeof thde Comuuio i tii thit Chamber being questioned' as to the Government's. proposed?poblicy in connection with the Federal 'Bill. 'A Royal' Commission .has.. .been .appointed to .enquire into the housing of . the Londn poor. The difficulty of tlid'ejunior member for Northampton has 'again presented itielf, 'M Ir." Chiarles Bradliugh having again been returned for that constit?incy by alarger majority than heretoford. He has signified his intention not'to take his seat until after the decision of the Law Courts in the case brought against him' for voting on the motion for his expulsion. Sir 'Stafford Northcote, however, has carried a motion: re-affirming his exclusion 'froim the 'precindts of the House. Our usual ' items 'of 'interest to the commercial community are also to-hand: - ALAna or FIRE.-Shortly before.twelve o'clock last night an alarim was raised, a fire having been discovered in the neigh bourhood of Patterson-street. - About- two. 'miilites after'it broke out the fire-bell was? rung, and in'three 'minutes from that the brigade was on the scene of -action, which was inthe right-of-way at 'the back of the Commercial Bank. By'some means a shed .belonging to Mr..Huston, of the Criterioh 'Hotel; and at one time used as"a stable, containing a quantity of straw, caught fire, 'leiid for it short time the flames were very brilliant, the reflection being visible for miles. Imiibediately the water was turned on the fire commenced to subside, but un fortunately the hose bnirst, iand the flames aga incinreased. 'Another: hose, howevlr, was soon - obtained,. and the fire reduced in a veiy'few-minutes. Luckily alarge shed, adjoining the one which wasbturnt, escaped, and some tubs, con taining: straw; and a stack of :timber be longing to Mr. Jones, of St. John-street, were iuninjured. i As the building was old and inflammable, it is quite possible that a spark from a chimney. of one of the neigh bouring houses may have ignited it. The shed was:in.use as a fowl-house, and was of very little value. There must be something rasdically wrong with the apparatus of the Fire Brigade for two hoses to burst on two consecutive days, one ;breaking at. the fire on Saturday and one last night. In the c-ase :of a large fire this would be a very serious matter, and should certainly be seen .to: and ,remedied. The members of the brigade deserve praise for the smart manner.in which they turned out, and Constable Green, who burnt his hand somewhat' severely, rendered efficient assist= ance.. . :; 'OLUNTEEiR RIFLE , REGIMIENT. - The Launceston Volunteer Rifle Regiment' were summoned'for a half-day parade on Satur day afternoon, but only 33 men assembled, including Captain Martin and three ser geants. The following order was read : SFor the future wihen the number of men on parade falls, below. the_required number, viz., one-half the strength of the corps, the paradea will be allowed to count,.? ?v'ilng it a musketry parade, ,~nI'tid of doing the usual field nw.?rllets." Accordingly the mel'- ?-vmro first instructed .in aiming and position drill, and then marched to the Western Swamp, where they were exer cised. in. judging -.distance .. drill. -It 'is a great pity to notice that the interest of the volunteers seems to be flagging at the present moment. At the last parade the Commanding Officer, Major Aikenhead, said he hoped that the mesn would try and muster strongly for the half day, and. that soon the' requisite strength :to constitute a half odrwhole day parade would be reduced from a half to a third of the total strength of the regiment. On Saturday, however, there was not even a third on parade, and again we say that if officers do not show more energy in the movement they cannot expect the men to do any better. -The fact of there only being one officer present speaks for itself. Major Aikenhoad, however, was abseht on leave. -The ,Commandant, Colonel Legge, will inspect both the Rifle Regiment and the Artillery Corps on Tuesday evening, and it is::to 'be hoped that he will suggest some means by which the growing lethargy may be overcome. - TuE SUPERINTENDENT or SeLBYr.-All persons interested in :a movement on foot to present a testimonial to Mr. Jae. Prop sting, the well-known Superintendent of the Selby Police district, prior to his 'removal to the south,, are requested to attend a meeting at Mr. W. T. Bell's office, at 2 p.m. on Wednesday. MAsoNro. - The Lodge -of Perfect Unanimity, 660 S.C., meets at the lodge room, this evening, at 7"30 sharp. PH?aENOLoICAL.-Profess0r, Fraser is now making a tour on the oNorth-West Coast, and appears at 'the Don on Wednes day evening, the. Forth on Friday, and the Leven on 3rd March. He will return -to Launceston from the Coast. SDELORAINE TURF. CO~n.-A meeting of members of the Deloraine Turf Club will be held at 8 p.m. on Wednesday, at. Burt's Hotel, to frame the Easter race pro -grammne. S? T. L0on's OCIrOBs.-?P. J. J. Cameron, general agent for St. Leon's circus, arrived on Saturday to' make arrangements for a tour thlrough the westward districts as far as Deloramne. The circus will appear at Campboll Town on Wednesday evening, aud Longford on Thulmrsday, the dates for other townships being 'given in another column.. The circus as shown in the coun try districts will be as full and complete as shown in Launceston and Hobirt, and we may mention that several further purr chases have recently been made of Tas manian animals for the menagerie. TrIE WANa?mDERE RETruNED.-Jaemes Dick; a baker, whom we stated in our issue of Saturday, disappeared in a somewhat nmysterious .manner on Friday morning, made his aIpearance at the establishment of his'employer, Mr. T. B. Dean, on Satur day night, and told a strange tale of his adventures. - He stited that he remembered lighting the oven fire on Friday morning, and, strange to say, had no further recolloc tion of anything that happened, until he woke up and found himself amongst the rooks, on the Cataract Hill, withbut any boots on. Although he did not appear at Irl. Dean's until nearly 9 o'clock on Snatur day evening, there does not appear to be any explanation of how he passed all Friday and Saturday, and there seems to be only ono conclusion to diaw from the wholoe affair, and that is, that the young follow should be in the doctbr's hands. Air ENTEnPRISING YOUTn.--Tlie pre bocity of the youth of tiis colony is a well known fact, but the example of it shown hy.a boy, aged eight years, named Eddie Daly, is probably about the most remark- i ablo on record. On Friday evening young Dalys parents becainoe somewhat alarmed, ris hle did ndt come home at his usual time, butthsir uineasiness was not verygreat,s a tbo lad was very fond of music, and.they i thlought he might be enjoying tho. com- r bined efforfe of the Nelson and St. Joseph'sI Bands: at the Invalid Depot concert. They were certaini that if he did not go to the concert, he would probably be jonlng ii the more boisterous music of the SalvaL, c tion. Army,- in Elizabeth-street, since the enterprising youth is a convert to that I organisation.. However, when the' coicer:l c and the service were over and young DalyI didnot put in an appearance, the parents': alarm became so great that they soughtt that -panacea for troubles-tile polico. e Notlhing.was heard of this erratio young: gentleman until Saturday forenoon, when the mother, greatly to her relief, received t a telegram from a person named Dlaly, at a Hobart, saying that her son had arrired at 1 lint town in the morning, having travelled I 1rom Launceston by the night train, which I lbeft this town at 8"30 p.m. The youthful I bravellor will -probably return to this bosom of his family to-day. : :p :CoN?cnrT.--A concert will be givonito morrow evening at St. Patrick's Seminary 1 y anumbor of lady and' -gentlomon b amatours, when a well-solected programme ¶1 will be presented. " - ' 'S COOMPLIMENTARY RACE MEETING AT BisuroPsnounwi.-We understand that a inovement is'on foot among the residents of 'Bishopsbourno to hold a complimentary race meeting to Mr. Field on the occasion of.that gentleman's next birthday (about three weeks' hence). Although his colours have Sleen iarely. seen'during- the last two or three seasons in Tasmlania, the Squire of Enfield has been i' great supporter of racing for many years, and no colours have been more popular than the "white and blue, belt' carried by the veteran ,Strop to the fore irfour LauncestonOCups and'numcrous other races. Mr. Field has been racing nearly. half a century,' and one ofhis earliest .victories,.if -not -the first, was- at the Launceston Meeting of] 1836, with-tlWT Buffalo horse: Will-if-he-cai, ,who at. the meeting. .'in . question, won.-a .sweep- stakes, defeating Mr'. Ives's Miss Portley. .At tthe same meeting= -Will if-he-can ran second to. Mr. Robertson's Theresa for the Leown Plate, aand Mr. Baynton's Liberty for the Town'Plate. Mr. Field's last victory was with Paganini, who won a 'race .at :Elsternwick,: Victoria, a' couple of months ago. Paganini was named after a horse owned by Mr. W. Field over thirty years ago; and ono: of the best animals ever bred in the colony, as his Leger, Town Plate, and his matches with Coronet and Vandyke in 1846 proved. A meeting will be called at Bishopsbourne shor tly to make the necessary arrangements; and from the promises of support already received, there is every probability thit the complimentary'meeting will prove asuccess. REcEIvED.- ?Wemave received from the author, Mr. George E. Logan, who iiB well known, by repute at least, to many of our readers; a copy of .his latest work, :' Per sonal Adventures," just published at Adelaide..: The little volume,iwhi?hi con tains over 100 pages, is. what its title pur ports; a record of the .personal adventdres of Mr. Logain in Australia during'the last thirty years, written in a pleasing style, and interspersed with a few fragments of. poetry and "yarns,"' and is an :interesting and amusing production, certain, to meet with popular favour. SDoaEN DEAnT.-On Friday, night an old woman named Keosiah- O'Keefe, cr; Leatherland, who lived on the Westbury road with an old blind, man, died, very suddenly. She had been drinking heiarily for some time past, and on Friday night went home in .a state of intoxication. In the middle of the night she fell from her. bed.on to the floor, and expired shortly: afterwards. As she had been attended. by a doctor lately, it was thought unneces sary to hold an inquest. , \ ,:. UNCLAIMED CxABLEoRAss.-Twot cable-, grams, one addressed -to Mr.'J. B. Perrins,' Hotel, Brisbane-stroot, and the other to Miss:Alice Law; care of .MGrea; MaryAini street, Ultimo, Launceston ,'are at present lying in the Telegraph Office awaiting their owners, as the messengers. are unable to find them. " A REVENGEFUL WIFa. - Some amuse ment, according to. last Friday's Argus, was, caused in the vicinity eof:the Sydney 'Legislative Assembly on, Thursday night by the conduct. of a lady Whose feelings had recently been deeply woundedl by the treatmeit her huisband had received at the hands of a certain member of the: House. Armed with a horsewhip, she waited over an hour albout the precincts of the As sembly, in the expectation of mneeting the meniber in question in order to administer a thrashing, but as he did not venture out of the chamber nothing came of the affair. . EanT;TREa ORS IN THE-. SouT?.-OI -" Fortescue (Tasman's Penilsl, iiii r'espon dlent of, the ?!itg'ig~.Writes:--The shocks fita,1 "% ?''I December last were a mere nothing to that of the 14th inst. The first shock came at 20 minutes toil0 that night, and the alarm it caused was very great. That passed, and -in a -few minutes a loud report and a roar as-of distant thunder' came rolling from 'the north. This lasted at least two minutes, the earth 'trembled, and various articles in the hut danced, the beds trembled beneath us, and the sensation was.terrible. After the second shook had subsided, some nine or ten others, but only slight ones, kept matters lively the whole of the night. At the -termination of the great shock, the feeling expirieniced was that of being rocked or tossed in- a 'hammock. At 12-50 last Sunday morning we had another shock, only slight, but at '3.45 p.m., as I was writing, a long rumbling noise came from the N.W., the table trembled, and even tile floor shook under me. ' On Monday, 18th, at 9"45,.we had a strong shock, which shook the ground and made our hut tremble again ; it lasted about half a minute. There; was no rocking or loud report. ProEON Hoa0INo.-On Saturday a matchl took place for the Telegrap throphy, from Oatlands, which will probably be the last of the season. R. and A. Coningsby's Progress 'proved the winner, and' the journey' was cobmleted in th& 'fast tiind of lh. 44min. 'Progress:! won a -miatch on the -.previous Saturday, :but "up to that time had been very un lucky. Bain and Dowling's Volunteer and Flying Scud were -a good second' and third, with lh. 44min. 35sec. and Ih.' 46min. - Commotion, Post Boy, and Mer cury also started, while Nicholas, Tind sticker, and the Assyrian were' scratched. The prizes for the last two matches will be paid over to-night at Mr. W. T. Bell's mart. THE HOLLOwAYDICAMATIC TROUPE.--The audienco at the Mechanics' Institute on: Saturday was not a very large one, when tihe Holloway. Dramatic Troupe appeared for the sixth' time this, season. A change was made in the programme, Lord Lytton's charming drama, "The dLady of Lyons,"' being substituted for "The Wages of Sin," which has had such a successful 'run dur ing the past week. The performance on Saturday night was a very- excellent one, and reflected credit on all who took part in it. Some disappointment was felt - by i many who witnessed the play, at Miss i Essie Jenyns being unable to take the role ' of Pauline. We regret having to state, that I that talented actress was suffering from a 5 severe cold, and could not appear on the stage on Saturday night. 'Hosever, she found an able' substitute in Miss Alice Deorwyn. This young lady as Pauline gave an excellent rendering of the part, and in " all 'the climaxes was most effective, winning hearty applause. I Mr. W. J. Holloway appeared to advan tage asClandeMelnotte. Quiet and solebin, he did, not introduce into the character I any of the careless easygoing manhner wlhich is so often done by those who assume the role of the gardener's son, whose youth is blighted by an unrequited love. As . Colonel Dumas, Mr. Charles Holloway was I at hip best, and the character suited lim. i Soldierly in bearing and well got up,he I impersonated the -gruff old. soldier well. As Boausant and Glavis, .Mocssrs. H. R. 1 Joewett and Alfred RIolfe were both good; whilo Mr. H. A. Douglas in the role bf I Mons. Deschappells made the most of that a character. Miss Constance Deorwyn was 1' oxcellencly well got up as old Widow r MIelnotte, and played the part carefully I and well.. Miss Marion hMedway was not an entire success as Madame Deechappelli', t and played too much to the audience. t The orchestra played the cntrio act music a very nicely. To-night the coinpany will c produce "Othello," the cast of -which will d be found in another column. ' o SELF-DEOEc ED-.-WeO have 'to thank Messrs. Walsh Bros. and Birchall for a opyof this termperance song,-by Phili Phillps, the well-kndwn American vocalist, nd rval of Mobdy "and Sankey. It isi supposed to represent "six" degrees of ntomperance," which are illustrated by o gures in various stages of slavery to the .'c ogrding vice :of drink. Such wretched P bects are sonmetimes met 'with in' the treeos, and thon' exeite'mingled feelinWof h pity' and revulsion, but the domestie circle t :cortacinly isdtlioli plhace whiero" even their portraiture should be familiar. 'Bothwordse •nd music are insipid, and :as free from opirit as the most pronounced !abstainer t :ould desire. :': - ' N.eow PunLIo ?c 'Wons'.iContractors 'ared eminded that the lastday for sending in e~nders for the under-mentioned public rorks is Wednesday next, wheiso they 'will5 eo received at' tihe Public Works Office, L Tobart, up to 12 o'clock noon:-Road froin P iuon Bridgoe toDean's; at She-eak Hills; Pine-road, extension from end ofpresent tI notalled road; West Cadtra- road,inceluding P ortion southl of Bnarren Hill; Bridgihg L treamsn, Montagu to Pioman -River sections Sand 2; QumcUby Bluff-roadi'eCtion 1;' ridgo over Inglis River on Cdast-road, L'able Cape n ; road, vicinity' of Cam and l icabrook, section 6.. -' "' " " " i T WINDEaMIERE.-A correspondent writes: a -A chuirceh meeting was held at Rose ;s vear's, "West Tamar, on Thursday 'even y ing last, which was well attended. In' a the absnce of the Von. Archdeacon Hales, t the le] J. M.' Easterling was voted to the a chai 'IThe '6bject of 'the meetiing was the: o electionif churchivardens for the Churches f of St. Matthias, Windermere, and St. .f Michael's, Craythorn. Mr. T. Barnard e was nominated as the minister's warden, e. -and Messrs. Coulson and- -H. Griffiths e people's warelons.' In' conse4uence of State a aid ceasing with thd retirement of the Rov. SJ. Dixon, a branch of the Church Society a watcthen fomed for' the collection of the t- -minister's -stipend, -to-be--called-thd-Win a dermiroe and Craythtorm Pari66alfAs'siiia^ o tion, and the following officers were S-elected :-Mr..T. -Barnard,-vice-president ; s Mr. W. P. .Coulson; . treasurer; Mr. Bar -. nard, secretiry; thb' Bev' 3J.- M.-Easter Sling and Messrs. D. Murray, :junr;'E. Dutton, .W.: Harrison,. and J.-'Plunmr committee,; Mesdames Harrison, Geo.:and o- J.-Plummor, Coope, G. Atkinson, Gauzt, d Barnard, and Coulsoni colectors. 'A vote I of thanks to the Chairman teominated tho e proceedings..' .; . t BUSINEss NOTICE.-Mr. W.- A. 'Aridersoiu, Slate of the firth of Anderson and'Atkinson, i. notifies that he will open' business as, Lgrocer, etc., on Saturday next, in premises a in Central Charles-street, next to. the new. ;shops recently erected 'by Me.srs.' Overoll y and Co. e " ':DETRadEID C.niqiDE.-·From'/th tO Mel ih burne papers we gather particulars of a a strange case of suicide and supposed 'rson 1 at Keiv on''tho afterhoon"of the18th. inst. r An hlarm "f firo was giv8en!ihortly after \- three o'clock,, and' it was discovered thatt t seven roomed house in Walpole-streit'Was on fire ,The fire had not extended beyoid the: drawing-rdooim and one -bedroom, aind s was quickly, extinguished, 'after which the t body of a' man shot through the head was' ,discovered at the river. A five chambered' f. revolver; with two discharged was' found Snear the body ard it seemed that the;shots Shad been fired into, the mouth. D Docd-' :ments found on the body showed that the Sdeceased was named Charles .'Lam'ort. SAlexander, 31 years of age, 'anid that he arrived inSydney'by the, Pathan in -Juno last. The deceased arrived inMelbouune a few days agd arid took 'a cohtract for Spainting a house at South) Yarra;"and. Spurchased the necessary oils at Kew. SThere seems little doubt that, the man set. fire to. the. place,, as a quantity of .brown, 1 paper saturated with oil was discovered. A GHosT AT BRIGHTON.-Foot-passengers who have occasion to pass alo1 g the Beach road,.beetween Picnic Point and the Beach terminus, for a few nights have been rather perpltxed (says ` the .Melbourne \Wdrld) by hdhring unearthly 'oices' mixed t vith cries for help.-' Nothing,' 'hoev?r,' his been seen until last Saturday evening, when the driver of a' wagonette,which plies bet?ren the two before-mentioned.places, saw a white, object making towards. his vehicle. On its coming closer he'at once perceived it was only an. imposture, some person having donned a white sheeti and Swhitenedhis face. He also 'had a potato 8 cut like a skeleton's jaw, which, he held in 9 his mouth. The driver; soon recovered his 3 self- possession aid made a strike at the ghost with his whip. His ghostship: did r not care for that kind ofplay,and was soon making tracks towards some- scrub near the road. The police, who have since .to r 14th inst. been expecting something of teo t kind, weroesoon"on theo al . t ,no't Sdisc0coyeyr-tJ yi kly to' have been the guilty party. , .... ,. THE DEFAuLTRE FiL'T0HB i.-6wing.:to the reticence displayed by, the directors of the various companieos with which Fletcher has been connected (says the Argus); it has been a difficult matter to ascertain the facts-; The latest develop ments in connection with the affair are as follow :-Although the special audit of the Duchess Tribute.Company has not been completed, suflicient, discovery has been inade to, show that.whereas there should be a credit of over. .70, there is, a. debit balance of over. 6300. An over issue of scrip has also been found out, but.the ex tent cannot be positively, stated. In the South Devonshiro Company the directors have'been iaware that there has' been. a a surplusage of scrip for some time past; The number is stated as being from 500 to 00, 'which the ,directors' re-purchased at 20s per share, arid Fletcher was to reihm burse the purchase-money by not drawing his salary until such time as the aifount wais covered. Some timne since, it'is alleged, there was a discrepancy in the London derry Company's accounts' tolthe extent of over £1000, but this amount- has:been re placed. 'Although the Garden Gully, Com pany per so, does not suffer, several of the' directord have, Fletcher having withheld kees from the Board, with the exceptionof two members. , ,., A LrvELY PLACE.-Benguella, the second largest town in Portuguese West Africa,! seems to be a lively place (says the Pioniedr Mail).' Mr. H.H. Johnstone, who has just returned from the Congo, visited 'Benguella, and reports that "the .wild things-of 'inture are very little.banished from its precincts in spite of civilisation and "the police force." Lions are a perfect nuisance,' prowling about the streets' at night. When Mr.Johnstone was there, the Govern-' ment doctor stumblod 'against one duringi ;his evening ramble. ' The sight' of-tlieo doctor seems to have frightened the lion,i who doubtless felt that he was not dr'ig proof like old Mithridates. In this part of the world sport is extremely profitable.: Erikison, a Swede, and the companion of' Anderson; the explorer, has established himself as an elephant-hunter,: and, ac cording to Mr. Johnston, he has made in the course of some twenty years upwards of .£0,000 out of ivory and ostribhfeathers. There are few parts of the world where a hunter can make .£000a year.' THE FsnDEALA BILL.-In the Queensland Legislative Assembly, on Thursday night, Mr. Griffith gave notice of resolutions to the offect that this House, having 'had mnder consideration the resolutions adopted at the Intercnlonial Convention held at Syd ney in November and' December' last, records its entire approval of the said're solutions, and that an address be presented to her Majesty, praying .that' she will hbe pleased to cause a measure tobe submitted to the Imperial Pwrliamont for.the purpose 3 of constituting a Federal Council of "Ait- . tralasia upon the basis of the'draft, bill adopted at 'the Convention; .At: 'Adelaide on.the same day, the Legislative Council adopted -an address 'to hdfMasjety 'in i favour of the Federal Council Bill; THE FRENCo. iN MADAOASCAR.-b An en ongagement occurred" in the' middle - f January between the .PFronchl"' and "the Hovas. At daybreak the French secretly left the forts of Tamatavt aiid'marchod on Farafate, 10 miles off,where the Malagadies were encamped.. : The French: enterod-:a littl' village and captured four 'Hovas. Th'e soldiers marched on Farafate, 'when the Hovas, received them with a yvolley, of artillery, and forced the French to retreat: The French officers say that .it,was only a reconnaisance to test the resistance of the 6 Hovas. .'Farhfate was well fdrtified. The 1 Goverhnment are still disinclined, to submit to the French demands, the only concession they are willing to make being the accept ance of a French protectorate over the ndrth of the island and the payment of a war, in- B demnity. Negotiations have been broken a off, and the Hovas are strengthening their armaments. The Planters' Gazette says P that Lieut.-Colonel Willoughby. 'has ar- b rived at the capital, add offered his services to the Hovas. ArPPLIOATIONS are invited for the position of, foreman. and, olerk, -of, works iin connectiti with tho, proposed harbour im provoments. THE Launceston Sayings Bank" will beo .losed on Thursday and Friday next for g the half-yearly, balance, re-opening2:on fg 'Saturday. THE annual meoting of the Launceston i, Bicyclo.Club 'will be held aiu'the club;b-rom o? to-morrow ovening. :'' '' TURNERc:'ANIn JONES'S ornnibus leaves a daily for Corra Linnait 2 p.m.i. : BICYcLES, TRICTOLES, AND A'COESSOBIES.' -By far the largest and best assortment t in' Australia.; Singer Bicycloe Depot, 11 F Latrobe-street E., Melbourne. Illustrated ri price listpost'freo on application.--(Advt.) FANK. HART AND: SON call attention to h 'their advertisement of new lamps with m patent burners and shades, from the Silber I Light Company.-(Advt.) OURoVOIesEI's ** and * pale and dark Bandy, 187 8 viutage, a thorboghly pure spirlit warranted equal to Martell and Hannessy's Stocks always on hnnd and arriving,,: Sold .by all wineo and spirit merehants. DAtorix,; P MoO?~B AiD Co., agonta.-(Advt. ' . . 