TO C0BBE8P0NDENTB. fo OORMBKWDKfrs.-In vi«w of the *ety lam number of question# »ent in each -week by oorreipon dcnts tor answere-the answers to which we given in the various deparfanenteof the piper to which they belopg-we desire to intimate that it would be a oon renienoe It theletterswere sent in so as to reach the pffiae not later than Tuesday In each week, whioh would allow tho requisite time to answer them: M Mount Doran.*1-The alleged habit of snakes, of supplying a refuge to their yonnz by swallowing them when pressed by danger, has been the ?ub1e<$ of a great deal of controversy. The leading authorities seem dltfdeiton the point, though then appears to be a gresft deal of evidence in labour of tfift ffjlfrgflaffTlti . ASM Arden " <Cflaude Iiomtfne, Tahara).-A reply torou waUosekM in oor luue of the 11th Instf. ftiO&ng; tbiijGnt^i&iir; yria too discursive, and dealt too macfa with mflttaof merely personal "Castor."-We presume that the cheapest way to get to Samcoorte, South Atistniia, would beby steamer to Kingston, and theoce by rail. Etoamcrt of the Adelaide Steamship Company call at Kincston. Agent, Mr. J. F. Ogdcn, 2 Kinx street. "Reader" (Lannceston).-The gtadoated books in which Mr. Pitman explains the_ phonographic Syrftm of bhorUuLnd form the best introduction to sijorthind that you can get. They can be pro cure J fr.-m any bookseller. "J.T. B." (Tooradin)-Scientific medicine recognises beneficial treatment in the case of snake-bite, but not, we think we are right in laying, any "cue tor snake-bite." Cutting oat and sucking the place, or injection of liquid ammonia into a vein may prove to be remedies, bat sometimes fail. In the case of your dog we do not know what 70a could have done. If any reader ean supply particulars of a dog effectually bitten br a venomous snake and curcd by treatment, we should bo glad to print them for general information. " F. L. W."-The story told by Sir Edmund Hornby in the *' Nineteenth Century," of the ghost ot the reporter of a China paper coining to his bedroom at night, and obtaining some heads of a Judgment de livered by the Judge In court, inquiry afterwards showing that the reporter bad died the night when the incident occurred, was, M you ear, a very " striking and most drouuwUpthd narrative of an apparition." Kit uufortanately it has boen demolished by the " Shanghai Courier," a former editor of which was the hero of the story. The "Courier" states: - "Mr. Lang died suddenly about 9 o'clock on the morning of the 19th January, 1876, having been in bis office for neatly an hoar arranging the business of the day. Sir Edmund Hornby did not deliver any judgment either on that or the following week, so that Jir. Lang could not bare been anxious abcrat getting the notes of what did not exist." Sir Edmund cites his wife, who wat in bed beside him at the time, as a oorrobo r&tire; witness, but the "Courier" says:-"This Khost-waUdng, if it occurred at all, oocurred 00 the 19th Jinuur, 1875, and Sir Edmund was not married to his present wife until the 29th April of the same year, oaring been a widower lor at least two yean previously. A carious paint in the story is that the ghost wrote sborihMM, while lit. Lug did not." In fact, this admirable ghost story, when closcly sifted, goes the way o! all other ghost stories in this modem matter-of-lact world. " W. W." (Upper Pa wo, Queensland}-The officials you name were under the Minister of Bail ways, and oonld hare been dismissed by him nbject to the provisions of the Civil Service Act. " J. A. MX."-L We think that either of the aeo tenccs "to-morrow is eranday" or "to-morrow will be Sunday " is oorreefc. 2. As to which is pre ferable the former is mors in aooordanoe with general usage, and the latter with strict grammati cal accuracy. Though even In this respect the former has much to say for itseK, for it Is evident that there is very little ot the idea of futurity in volved in the assertion that "to-monow is Sun day." It is as much a fact now as it will be to morrow,and the element of futurity is very dif ferent in the assertion "to-morrow will be a wet day." * J. W." (Oobran)-The landlord of the AO-ion Hotel, Bourice-street, is Mr. Qeotge Steadman. " Rochester."-Mo train in England averages 60 mSes an boor daily. A recent report on the subject of English fast trains gave the following particulars: -"Hie Flying Botch man, the fastest train in Eog land, only makes 53} miles, and that not from London to Enter, but only from London to S*h don, a ran of 77 miles, the average speed of ths journey from London to Edinburgh br the Great Kortbera to Ooly M.1 per hour; tte splendid Creat Sorthern and Midland trains to Leeds do not exceed uithir of iU sad Ui miles an boar respectively, saa oven the astounding lOD-uOe ran of the Great Northern from London to Qrantham is at the rate of 61 miles an hour only." .i. Q." (Grassie)-Declined, with tbaata. 'J. 8." (Nooroogoog, TanangattaV-Ibe book you ask aboot-HmDA "Bbmy of the iWtas Family"-is not in the Public library ccMcutfoa. We cannot teQ you if it is procurable ia Melbourne. 'Thomas Bunny" sad " J.X."-Dcc&aed; with " Taaran "-The Bail ways Management Aciasid ths fulfe Service Act both contain riswass '«»"g mltaie for which superaoBieraries may be tem porarily appointed, the former restricting the time to ffat Moths In a jew, and die Utter to three months 1a half a year. Tkking the rulway regula tions as an example, all permanent employes of whatever kind art toenUr the cervtce after exam ination. the oonimisrinnirs laving no petK*u*6. But tn the busy season, or in times of emergency, they may want extra hands, hence the above etueigeuey clause. The proviso prevents them from converting temporary employment Into permanent, in evasion c< ths act. Artbaas permanently re quired will b« taken 00 after competitive rumina tion adapted to their oaOiDg. In the Pnhlic 6«r vioe Act the lodt to three months, certain excep tions being provided for in both cases. "V. Oranvflle " (Psytierrflle).-We are unable to men tion any "standard work on taxidermy." and an authority on this matter to whom year question was referred Is not able to do 10 either. Articles have been pabBshed on the subject, but we cannot lean of any manual. If you wen to tell us what information you desire w» may be able to help you. "Deals Bocks."-It is impossible to say " who is ths richest mas in the woria," and equally so to deter mine Mr. Jay Gould's to the position. That ranWowaire has lost enormous sums of money lately, and probably is very far from having aa exact esti mate of his possessions himself. "C. F. M."-The cvideooe cf the wife is not taken against a husband charged with any criminal of fence. "Subscriber" (WoDongong).-Zhe following to a recipe for trait saft:-Cos. fosom salts, 2os. cream of tar tar, tos. tartaric acid, Boa. carixmaU of soda, lor. tnagnnsfa. }U». loaf sugar pouoded very flee; m& poundgingw may be added if preferred. Dose for ad nit-a deseertspoonfnlin a tumbler of water. " K. F." (Ooneany, Queensland)-Letter reoelved. " A- W. W." (Albory)-Tlie " domino" worn in mas querade balls is a Jong silk mantle with a oap and wide sleeves. "F. y (Adelaide)-A little book noticed tone months ago in oor columns entiUod "Sound Bodies for Our Boys aad Girls,w by W. BfatUde (Sampson, Zaw, Harwell, Settle MM EivinrtocL loans ths bsstfatrodnctioB to gymnastic Mning weate ao qualntod witb. ' A OouAsat Beaded (7eriid«risX-L Wopawai bo jUtate a eompartoon between ths people d the three kingdoess In point of rirtss, Ktiniety, aad eduntipo." Sbossars not awttonosp^Us^taiy carat© infornu^ion. 4 We 4o not itmciDbcr unr case of41 a yoonglady saving 6E lives from a s^ wreck on the oosot of Austaalia by swimmlnga bone into ths sea aad nsoabw ihem.* B w Ktn particulars of snob aa incident, we shall be glad to prhit them. 8. If yon write to any Uslbounw bookssfisraad state exactly what yon FSijt, a priced Ii«t of manuals of tbe kind you re quire would be forwarded to you. 'T4 koXov. "-Most of Um matters you refer to are, no doubt, ppnters" errors where they are not mate by thewpfrftbopen. Tmir long dteertaHon on the improper use Of the FVenrfj word " redingote," as aptAied to an article or women's dress, leaves out 0i view the otrcumstanoe thai as used in fashion articles, it Is a more technical term in the patois of the millinery shops and costumiers. But we quite' accept all your criticisms aa friendly and well intended. ' ' Subscriber" (New Zeal&nd;).-If yon can send the shrnislrins to a dyer you may depend on a better result than yon would do likely to secure by dyeing them yourself. If, however, you determine on the latter, we should recommend yon torely on Jod Bon's dye of the oolour you want-which, by the bye, you do not state in your question. Of course the skin would have to be dressed ID the Usual way before dyeing. ' 0f1dfiubsicrlber" (KWU).-To bottle strawberries, carefully plot fruit that are foil grown but not ?£& &e; 8tetM' ""o P"1 the frolt Into wide necked bottles; gently cork them with oorfcs Chat P« them into a pan of boiling water, and let them remain until they are shrunken one fourth part; then beat the corks in lightly, cut oil toe tops, and pour hot resin over them, set the bottles in a djy place, and the fruit will thus keep 