" TO BE CALLED FOR "'-C,o u (Continued.) III. The host' ofthe FljrlingFiih' did ot re cover from the fright or the malady which had seized him. He was one remove nearer to the end of:his-time now.;.;:knewas well. as possible that he would never want his crutches any idore, and that one of these fine days or nights he would besailing cleani away. . He knew it himself,. I think, though the doctor had not warned him. The doctor had left it to me, 'vho was not likely to be a good hand at breaking to the old 'an suchi news as that, and who did not care to tell him, and thought it was as well not to tell him, as it was not likely todo him any good.: I did ask him if he'd like to see the parson. and he swore at me with such easy fluency for the suggestion, that I thought, for a minute or two he was getting rapidly better.! But he wound up in a milder fashion. "Parsonss-in't any good to me," he said,; " are thrv ?" "Wc,I I don't think they are much.' "I always hated parsons. , I haven't seen' one on my ow?niaccord since I was christened., I've kept out of their way." "Yes, you have." ' "I know I have," he added. ;I could have told the parson a blessed sight more thaun he could have ever told me And be sides, salt water dcean't mix with holy water, does it?" "I don't know." "No. You don't know much." He ilid not sa3 any more that day. He was very thoughtful at times now, as he had been 'on the night when he was spoken to.! From the day of his last illness to this-a fortnight afterwards nearly-he had never alluded to the girl who had' called at the Flying Fish, and whom I had not set 'eyes on since that stormy night. And yet I believe he was' thinking of her a good deal, and of the message she had sent to him by: me. Presently 1 knew he was thinking of her, and could think of nothing else. One day, and a very long and thoughtful day it was to him, he beckoned me to his bedside with his thick, crooked finger. He had got very hoarse, and therewas a difficulty in making out all he said, but I hadmanaged: it aoipehow during the morning and after noon. " Martin," he croaked forth almost like a raven. "I don't fancy I'm quite as well as usual to-night." "Perhaps it is fancy, uncle?" "Am I looking as well? I don't want ano lies about it!" "I don't see much difference in you." "Then I don't suppose there is. You were never much of a liar, Martin. You have been over-particular that, way, and that's bad for a man who means to stick to business, hard and fast." "I'm not so sure of that." "But I am, and that's enough, ain't it ?" "All right," I said, although I knew it was all wrong, and so had begun lying on my own account. But I did not wish the old gentleman to get excited over any argument. "Give him his own way," had been the doctor's orders-"let him say and do what he pleases." "I know I am not going to get over this, Martin," my uncle said. "That's all square enough ; and I've had my innings, and don't Pgrumle. But, Martin, where the devil am 1 going to " " For mercy's sake, don't goon like this 1" "I didn't reckon on her calling for me on her waiting for me," he muttered. " Fancy her always with me afterwards. It's awful!" "Do you mean- " Then I came to a full stop, but he under btood me. S"Yes, I mean that girl." "Bertha Keefeland ?" "Yes, Bertha Keefeland." "How can she be waiting for you, uncle!" " Didn't she come two weeks ago?" L" : "Whyi, es." " Shecame oatof her coffin,!'he whispered, "and I was waiting for her that night. She had been upon my mind all day.' I couldn't get her out of my head.' She was troubling it very much." "That's all nonsense," I cried. "She was flesh and blood, I'll swear." He shook his head. "No, she wasn't,' be said; " how could she be ?" I could not reason with him. He was so convinced to the contrary, and I was per plexed and gooseflleshy. Certainly Bertha Keefeland had . mysteriously disappeared after giving me the message of my uncle. but people are always disappearing and' being advertised for, and turnaming up again. And this might have been a practical joke, only-and then 1 thought of a sandal-wood box, which was upstairs, and had been up stairs fof years, on the top of a tall double chest of drawers belonging to my uncle, and the mystery of it was beyond my fathoming. But he let in the light upon it presently, and it was a rd light warninghim of danger -a light as red as blood. ' "She couldn't have been flesh and blood, Martin," he went on slowly, "for six years ago, when you were away in London once, she came into this house, into that shop downstairs, just as she did a fortnight since, said she was Bertha Keefeland, and 'had called for the box her father had' left with me." "Good gracious" I" "She was tall and thin, and pals, with glass crosses in her ears, and she knew very little English, and spoke it very bidly. Is that the girl!" "It answers the description," I aniwered, with a shudder. " Well, she has called again, that's all." " Yes, she's certainly called again," he re. peated, grimly. , -?'ell, thed?_--" " But,".he added with a look which I shall never forget, and which silenced me at once -a look which 'comes to me often and ofter in my sleep still, and gives me awful night mares. " I killed her on the night she called to see me irst, andfor three days her body lay behind the big vat in the cellar. where the whisky is, until one dark night I took it down to the beach, and the sea carried it away for me, and there was an end of it, I thought.. An end ! As if 'there can ever be an end to things like that-as if she was not to come back some day just as she has done. I feel 'that's a clean breast of it, Martin, and you'ie not the man to put a roperoound my neck for tellingyon; not you." : '."No. 'otL".. . . - I tood and lobiked at him, and wondered if he were raving at last-?-forI did notthink ,there.were many more hours of life in him,. and his senses might have, leftI him firat, a they" saill do aometimes, .perhaps out of politeness. Could it be possible, I thought, that my uncle was a murderer, that this wa;s trne, and that Bertha.Keefeland of a fortnight since was-.aapirit. from another .world! Were there, after, all, such things ,as ghosts to walk.theearth .and avenge the deeds which made' them so? To look upon this agitated, earnest old man was to believe it almost. It seemed .ao awfully like the truth coming from. those thin, white lips. SAnd presently I did not even doubt it., "1 don't mind telling' yon the rest of it, SMartin; -you'll 'understand' then why I haven't left you any money in my will. It's S.more than twenty years -ago when Caspar Keefeland and .I were friends first-when I.h fell sick one day. in this very room, and "was afraid he should die before he got back -:to his niative village, and the wife and baby -. head left behind him there.. Hie travelled ~a good deal between Rdussia andt England, and always put up at the Flying Fish. The . very last time I am talking about-when he was ill, that is-he ha brought with him a box made of sandal.woo, a legacy, he told me, from a rich relation who had died in London that year. Before he left Deal he got:the notion into.his head that,.hpshould die before he reached home, and so he asked me to take care of the box and its contenta, beiii.pretty sure his mates would stick to it if Nlie ioeuldn't'live'to get off shipboard. For some reason, too, he did not want his wife to kiow of this at present. 'It'll be a sur prise td: her"so'm day,' he said, 'and for Bertha. I'll leave it with' you to be called for, Sam,' he said; ' it's safe with you as with the Bank of England. ' Bertha shall come here for it some dayf when she grows to he a woman-thit's time enough. I don't want for anything now; I may then. I can trust you, Sam, and I can only trust you, to keep it safe for her. And 'if Ishould die before I get home you'll take it to Germany yourself. rSay-thab's-a-promise!' And I said it was a promise. So it was." "Well ?" gasped." "Go on." "But Casper did gt hom'e;'thoigh hhe was taken worse on the journey. He was never fit for much work again. He was something like I've been of late year, lad., I'd heard-a staring figure-head, a stuffed Guy Fawkes; a' scarecrow of-the cussedest. But he sent me one line, which somebody wrote for him: 'AKe5 it ill calledfor, ' it said, "till Bertha comve,' and I kept it."'' " And she came?" "Yes. Don't be in a hurry; you're always in such a beastly hurry," he said. "I haven't told'you what was in the box." " Did you know ;" "One night I broke it open. "Ohi" " I wasn't particular; I never was over-' particular," he said'; "and I wanted to be sure what Caspar was making all this fuss about. And there were diamonds and large gold bits of foreign mosey, and then more diamonds in the queerest settings. They fetched a lot of money." "Did you sell them 1" '"I was in difficulties," he continued. "I had been tried for smuggling. There were heavy expenses for my defence, and heavier fines to pay, and I wanted money badly.. When I wanted money badly I always got it somehow; and Keefeland's jewels came in handy." "That was dreadful." " Old Keefeland took no notice, and no. body called for the property. I thought he must have forgotten to tell anybody about it," he went on; " that he had gone off for good without telling wife or child-that he had thought I might as well have the things as anybody else. He was so very fond of me.? ".I wonder why that was !" I said. ".You: mind. your own business,' and wonder at:.what,'v 'got to tell you," growled my nnele. " "That'll. 'be quit enough," he added with a shudder, which lasted so long that I thought he would shudder himself out of the world, and 'so put an end to himself before his story. But he suddenly rallied, and went on-. "One night, though, she 'did' come-' Bertha Keefeland, at the same time, on the same sort of night as the last, the wind roar: ing down the street, and skaking all the windows. She walked into the place, 'and asked me for the box just an she asked you, and I would have sooner seen her ghost then. God knows I did not know what to do,, I had sold the jewels and the foreign money., I could only see a prison for me, and-and I was always a desperate fellow in my heart of hearts. I asked her to step into the next room-the room close to the bar, which I alwas keep locked. You guess now why! and-and-but I've told you all the rest. You know-youknow I and you have seen her risen from the dead. And she will come once more for me, too; we shall see her walk into this room again, you and I together;--now,--mark my words. That's what I am waiting for." ",Oh, don'r'get that into your head." "And I shouldn't like you to be out of the'way when she calls for ma instead of the box. I'm to be 'called' for now, so' don't leave me, Martin; not for a moment, there's a dear,'good lad." Was uncle Nangle, after all, so very had a specien of a mrderer, or had he learned repentance after his fashion, and under stood what remorse was-what atonement? He told me before he died that he had left all his mioney to the nearest of kin of Casper Keefeland, whoever he or she might be; that'it was on his conscience-or what he thought his conscience-that this should he the destination of his money, which was not half as much as, people thought he had scraped together. He told me something more than this. That he had.made himself as hard, cruel, and brute-like as he could to me, so that I should be glad, rather than sorry, when he was gone-so that there should seem a natural reason in his strong dislike of me for leaving the money some. where olse. Even after his death no one would suspect him of so babyish a thing as restitution, he hoped.' He would have liked to die " hard as nails," but it was not to be. He could not have his own way in every thing. Who can! -"I wasn't half-asbad asI tried to be, Martin, that's all," he said to' me the next night when-he was lingeridg on still, "I wanted you to hate' me. But you'wouldn't". His voice was a long way off now-he was much weaker-he could hardly lift his hand from the bed-clothes.. He. was not likely no, to spin me any more' of his long yarns. That very night, again, l.was trying hard to think it mas a yarn, and nothing more. Later on he said in a half absent way, and yet in a way that was strangely impressive on me o"She hasn't called for me yet. What a time she keeps me waiting ?". I put my hand on his, which'was figeting. restlessly outside the bed-clothes, and said "Don't think anything more of such non sense.: If it's all true you're told me--" "If I"' he murmured, indignantly. "Think of that a bit, and how sorry you are now." .. He stared at me like a man resenting my advice: then he made a sudden efflrt to ait up in bed and failed; lastly, he clutched my hand with both his own. " I'm-called-for I" hesaid. ' "Here she is;, by God-at last I" ' He gave a long sigh, shut his eyes, and died; add the breath had not been out of his worn' old body half a minute before, to my horror and amazement; the door was slowly and softly opened, and there stole into:the room'the.young woman, or the ghost of that young woman, who a fortnighlt since h'sd told me that her name was Bertha Keefeland. I thought, in that moment, it was the ghost of Bertha-a ghont with glass ear. rings l-for my nerves were unstrng; my uncle was juast dead. and his story was not four-and-twenty hours old. I cowered from her among the bed-curtains. I was not half a man for the next five minutes. I could hear my heart pounding away inside me like a steam hammer. Here a very natural woman's voice erx "Dead! Ohh, is he dead, my poor father's friend ?" Ilooked round the curtains at'her; she was bending over him with tears of interest in her bhoe eyes. She had put a little hand upon his cold, hard forehead. She was so uncommonly unlike a ghost that I could not believe in uncle -Samuel's story no more. His brain had given way in his old age, and that was the explanation of it. An odd coincidence or two-life is all coincidences had helped to make the yarn remarkable, and that was all, " How long bashe leen dead '" she asked, in a whisper, and airtfafraid she might wake him.. "Just a minute." ..~I,heard inDeal that he was.very ill, and leane 'to-you at'once: I counldnot make anybody'hsr.:inithe shop, soaLthought/II ,would not rinh away again, but come upstairs to.where.the footat ps.were. 'I guessed what was happening," she said, sorrowfully, "and I .had: hoped Io' aee him once before hlis death ;'to give him' poor father's message father'e'thanks:" :!' You-you have never' seen him before, then ?'" "Never." " ' ' " You have never been in England before this year" .I asked. ' " ever." , " And you areBertha Keefeland-Caspar Keefeland's daughte" ' "'Oh, yes." ' "Poor' old, unle Nangle," I muinrmured; looking at him, "how your mind waidered at the last to be sure" ' '' ' "Did he speak of met" she asked.' "Yes. I should 'rather think he did."' S"My corning'to England distressed him a great deal, reminding him, I 'dare 'say, so much of father." : i " Hum I perhaps it did." " 'Don't tell him everything too suddenly '-he's'old like,' said' my father, before he died," she 'continued;" ' give'him plenty of time to think matters over-say'you 11 call again, or anything." And when, a fortnight ago, I'heard him,shriek out'after you had taken in my message to him, I felt I had been too hasty, and I crept away at once, giving him more time as father wished." '" Oh II see." "See what!" "That your father was a wonderfully con. siderate man. And yet- " "And yet !" she repeated.., " My uncle never seemed exactly th':man for a body to be considerate about," I con. " My father liked him very much always. I don't think you could have understood your uncle," she said, thoughtfully, almost reproachfully. S"Well, I suppose I didn't,"'I confessed. "I have a little more to say-but," she added,'with a shiver, "is there any reason I should say it here! Any reason we should atop here longer !"' "No. 'Please come downstairs," I an iwered." We went to the bar parlor, where she sat down in my uncle's chair, and looked hard at me. She was a very pretty German girl, I thought. "Now, about the box," she said, ," I don't 'wish to trouble you concerning it till after your uncle's, funeral. , I will simply ask you to take extra care of it, 'now that it is in your sole custody, and not in the good man's upstairs, who has held it in faithful trust for me so long. I may tell' you even there are jewels ol considerable value.in it, and I am very poor. That miy interest you,. perhaps, for my sake," she added, with a faint little smile, "To be sure." I answered, heartily, "and that it does, . But--" - She waited for me to proceed, looking at me anxiously. "But before his death my uncle spoke of those jewels, and said-whether in'his sober senses or out of them, the Lord'knows, Mi7s Keefeland-that-that," I stammered forth, " he had turned the jewels into money." " Why should he have done that!" "As a kind of loan, perhaps," I suggested. "His statement was not' very clear, and, as there was a ghost mixed up with it, I could not make out exactly; but the long and short of it all is, he has left all his money, every scrap of it, to you." "To me l" "To the next- of-kin of Caspar Keefeland. That is you, I hope!".I asked nervously, "or the poor old boy has made a pretty mess of it." ' "Yes;' it is L" "That's all right. rm glad." " But you are his neobew-should be his heir," she exclaimed. ' What has he left you " ' . " He has not thought of me in any way.". " Oh, that is wrong I" " No; I think it is right," I answered. " How cad it be !' "How can' anything be?" I said in my desperate bewilderment. "Don't try to make out anything just yet, Miss Keefeland, please. If you had only come before-years and years before!" "I was taking care of father, and he only spoke of the box a few months ago, and just before he died. It had passed out of his memory completely, he said. He was a very forgetful man; and," she added, thoughtfully, "as he had many troubles it was just as welL" " Yes," I assented, ' I should say so." "I should not have been surprised if the box had been missing altogether," she re marked. "I was prepared to hear you tell me that when I first called." " Why " I asked, cautiously. "There was someone who knew the box was here-my father's second wife, and a Bertha Keefeland, too. My father had told her of it once. He remembered that he had spoken of it to her." I felt a creeping up my back now. " Your father's second wife," I repeated, in a husky whisper. " Yes He married her a year or two after he' had .come back from Deal for the last time. Married her for a' nurse, and to take care of me, left motherless.' And she was too wild and pnesionate and--and-- wicked.' She deserted him." " What-what has become of her!" , "I don't know. She left' a letter on the table one night, that she could bear her life no longer, and must go away from him and me. 'She was then about the age ITam," 'Bertha'added, thoughtfully. "She was much too'young for father. He was very fond of her;' though; after she had left him he made me'dress like her, and' wear ornaments like her, too.' It was a strange fancy." Yes.' I saw the tory now, I thought, from its shadowy beginning to its end. The young wife of Caspar Keefeland, after deserting her husband, had come to the Flying Fish.for the saddal.wood box, had come with a lying message from Caspar, and met herdeath in coming. Uncle Nangle's confession, was true after all. Bit by bitI sifted it out. Theold man had killed the wrong BlerthaKeefeland, and year after year it. became more and more plain to me-more and more ofs a terrible tale of temptation and cupidity. Let me torn away from it for good-it will be known only to Bertha and me until this hand is still which puts the record on paper. Bertha 's my wife. She came into my isncle'i money, and .as she insisted upon sharing it with me, we made up our minds just Ito share our lives together as well, and so round the story like an orange ; •And the moral of thls story always strikes me as a queer one. If uncle Nanglo had not merderea Caspar Keefeland's second wife. I should have never 'married B rtha Keefe land, and been happy for the restof my days. Bertha sys I must not put it down to murder, but then she alwas looks on the bright side of things. (Concluded.) A Ballantburglar had anarrowescape the other niight. He tried to rob an editor's house, butclhe discovered his mistake and got away before the editor.had time to rob him. Now the editor has taken off his door plate, and.ls.wnaitisgfor;such another, chance to turn up, when he willbe promply on hand. 