Buddhism nn Imitation of ChrUtUnltf. At the request of the Hon. Secretary of the Victoria Institute or Philosophical Society of Great Britain, wo iasort the following: At the last meeting held in February, by tho Victoria (Philosophical) Institute, 7, Adolpbi i crracc, London, a paper was road by the Rov. 11, G. Collins, M.A., on Kaddhisni an Imitation of Cliristinnity. Referring to the pnrnUcls botwocn the persons and characters of Buddha aod Josur Christ, he said Take, as a prominent instance, the birth Btories. 1 need not here giro details, whloh are to ho found in any modem work oil Buddhism. Tho supposed miraculous ©Oft* caption; the bringing down of Buidha from tho Tusita heavon; the Devas acknowledging Ms supremacy ; tho presentation in theTomplo when the images of indra and other gods threw themselves at hie feet; the temptation Mara-which legends »re embellished by tht modern writer I bare already quoted, under such phrases as "Conceived by the Holy | Ghost," "Born of the Virgin Maya," "Song of tbo heavonly host," "Presentation in tho (omplo and temptation in the wilderness" none of these is fiund in the early Pali texts. | The jimplB story of ancient Buddhism is that an i\ecetic, whose family name was Qautat>a, presetted a now doctrine of human (offering, and a new way of deliverance from it. There ia no thought in the early Buddhism, of which we road in tbo Pali texts, of deliverance at the bands of a god ; but the man Gautama Buddha stands alone ia his striving after the true cmanoip ition from sorrow and ignorance. The accounts of his descending from heaven, and being conceived in the world of men, when a preternatural lijght shone over the worlds, the mind received eight, tho dumb eang, the lame danced, the sick wero cured, together with all such embellishments, are certainly, added by later haiids; And if here we reoognks some rather remarkable likenesses in 'thought or expression to things familiar to us in our Bibles wo noed not be astonished, when we reflect how great must have been the influence, as I have before hinted, of the Christian atoiy in India in the early centuries of the Christian era, and, perhaps, long subsequently. This is a point whioh has been muoh overlooked; tint it is abundantly evident from, among other proob, the story of the go! Krishna, which is n manifest parody of the history of Christ The Ehagamt-Qita, a thoosophioal poem put into the month of Krishna, is something unique among the productions of the East, con taining many gems of what we should call Christian troth wrested from their proper setting, to adorn this creation of the Brahman pott and indicating as plainly their origin as So the storiea of bit life in the Maia-Shsmla, *0 furnish a divine sanction to the BiMaeaf- ffittt. If, then, as there is the strongest reason to believe, the Christian story, ebmewhete between the first and tenth ce&tndss; of £fce Christian era, forced itself Into the great Hindu - epio, and was at the foundation of the most remarkable poem that ever saw the light of India, can we be surprised if we findsimilarly borrowed and imitated wonders in the later Buddhist stories also. The object of the pretent movement' being to investigate all philosophioalaodeeieutiBo questions, especially any said to militate against the truth of the Bible,-a discussion ensued in which air. Hormnzd Basaam, Professor Leitner, from Lahore, ttrt doles, an earnest student of the question during 25 yean residence in Ceylon, Professor Rhys Davids, aod others took part, -All agreeing ID mm confirming the statements of Mr. Getting paper. Dr. Leitner brought a large number el photographs of early India sod Tarter aoulp tores, ehowlng the first introduction of toe Christian story into those tnonuroents between about the eeoond and tenth centuries, and he pointed out the value of each additional con firmation of Mr. Collins' statements: The number of parcels transmitted t>y the new parcels post in the first week of bnainets was 289,385. In the eighth week the ntimber had increased to 370,119. The number of men employed at the Panama Canal exceeds 14,000, ana numbers still arrive by ships. A curious experiment has been tried by Margelidet, the Prenoh naturalist. Km years ago lie placed a toad in a hole made in some granite, and covered it with some im permeable cement, and recently, in ' the presence of several spootatora at tlje Fads Museum.of Natural History, he released it. The animal, although in a torpid state, was alive and healthy. The first census of the United States was taken in 1700. The population of the thirteen original States and the unorganised territory was then but 3,628,214 or 16'4 tothe Square mile. In 1860 the population of all thefitttes and territories had grown to £0,155,763, Or 82 to the square mile. The density of popola tien in England and Wales is 445 to the square mile. The regulations of the newly-formed ohnrch among the Zulus oontain the followingNo members of this ohuroh shall be permitted to drink the white man's grog or native beer, nor tonoh it with his lips. The Prince of Wales lias sent Mr. Totde * massive silver "loving cup," bearing the in* soription-" John Lawrence Toole. From the Prinoe of Wales, in remembrance of Satidring ham, 8th January, 1684." Another souvenir of the Sandringham performance has ? been presented to Mr. George l/oveday, (he acting manager on the ocoasion. Claus Spreokles, the Hawaiian sugar Ung, is 60 years old, and is by birth a Hanoverian. He is oompactly built, of medium height,with white hair, iron-grey whiskers, and a florid face. He landed in South Ootoliaa thirty years ago without a cent, went to Son Tran oisoo, and, after laying the foundation of Us fortune, began his sugar investments In Hawaii. f THE Gbbmb OF OHOL«&& tit* Xunc.~lfc» discovery by Dr. Kooh and his colleagues of cholera bacilli in a tauk in the BaUaghatta suburb of Calcutta, has excited much interest in Calcutta, and is clearly a gnat step forward in medical soienoe. The chain of evidenoe, howover, connecting these latilli with the cause of the disease u not yet oomplete. The German doctors have proved that this organ ism exists in ail eases of cholera, but in no other disease; that it has been found in a tank used by the people among whom the disease appeared( and that it diminished in numbers as the disease died away. .But they have etill to show whether the iooiUet is the cause or the result of cholera ; and this inquiry is now oocupying their attention. It is satisfactory to know that the water supply of Calcutta shows no trace of this organism. JuitHEr LILY Gossir.- Mrs. Langtiy, writes " Anglo-Australian," was educated in Paris, and when slie returned to Jersey was quite a grand ladj in fashionable notions, nndjsoon began to look down on the Jersey folk. Sir. Langtry then arrived in his yacht, met and admired tlie beauty, and straightaway married her. The ceremony took place at St, Helien, and I am told that virtually the entire popular (ion assisted. This happened a decade since, and the 1' Lily" has only once visited her place in the interim. It is said that after the feverish delights cf society, nothing pleases this remarkable woman so much ns fishing. A H: niiLANDEn whose regiment had been surrounded, but had cut their way out with the broadsword with the loss of half their numbor, being the last in retreating, wee stopped by a forward Frenchman returning from the pursuit, who charged him with bayonet, but soon finding the disadvantage of his weapon, cried out, " Quarttr I" " Quarter ye," said Donald, " te muckle tcelil may quarter yo for me. Pj my sou I'se edo time to quarter ye. Ye man e'en be contentit to bo cultit in tiro," making liie head fly from his shoulders. 