' To-morrow the anniversary sermons of the Independent Sunday School will be preached by the Rev. W. Curae, the pastor of the church, and on Wednesday night, the sacred cantata " Under the Palms " will be produced. Captain White, Lieutenant Harris, and Cadet Jason, the officers in charge of the local corpsofthe Salvation Army, take their farewellof Syneton to-morTow evening. They will be succeeded by Captain and Mrs Protor, and Lieutenant Bishop. On Wednesday, at the farm, Woodend, Mr W. Glover Bold by auction the estate of the late Sir Owen Mullens, realizing satisfactory prices. The entire colt by Alonzo brought 04 guineas; the trotting mare Maud S., L57; and a spring cart mare LS4. The cows, implements, &c.; brouj^ ^ ^ 8° od Prices- Wewere ' lear njgl 141 that Dr Daw had exhiu^* 6^ very decided signs of . - V , and trust that he improvement m health, , " - may soon be able to be abJT ^Sijl ^ medical advisers regard only a weather as necessary to restore him to health. The following will represent the Banks in the match with the Commercials, at Barkly Square, this afternoon:—Allday, Bell, Cole, Gibbs, Moore, M'Dwrath, Pesteli, Tea!e, .Townsend, Wade, and H. Wells. The man who was arrested at Ballarat on Wednesday on suspicion of having stolen two bales of wool valued at £35, the property of Mr Martin M'Kenna, is said to be an old offender, and not a stranger to the locality of Baynton. When arrested he gave the name of John Dawson, which by the way is the name of a respectable resident in the vicinity of Baynton. He is supposed to be indentical with John Doyle who was released from Pentridge on the 21st of November 1881 and subsequently returned to that habitat for 12 months, for annexing some wool belonging to Hon W. Miller ("Money) at Epping. About ten years ago tliis same Doyle, who then lived at Axedale, was tried and convicted in Kyneton for stealing a horse, harness, and dray, from the neighborhood of Baynton. Doyle who is about 50 yeaxs of age appears to have earned a rather unenviable celebrity. On the present charge Doyle's arrest was brought about by Mr Wm. Hewitt, fellmonger of Ballarat, to whom he sold one bale and seven bags of wooL It was afterwards discovered that the brands had been obliterated and consequently information was given to the police resulting in prisoner's.arrest by Detective Hyland. It was apparent that the prisoner lost no time in getting, to Ballarat, notwithstand- .standing that a somewhat zigzag course was taken. Charlie the black tracker demonstrated that there were two persons engaged in removing the wool from the place of robbery. He followed the tracks along without fault to within four miles of Lancefield proving them indisputably by measuring with a rule at "intervals along the route, the shoes of the horse and the tires of the wheels. The shoes of the horse were new and thus left a distinct impress. At this stage heavy rain interfered with operations. From enquiries it transpired that the prisoners passed Woodend and from thence in the direction Lancefield, doubling back on Broadford jaili *™® ^e 110 ® Ballarat. Yesterday afternoon & telegram was received by Sergeant Manson gating that a man named Bushby, the supposed accomplice was arrested in theBnngaree district after a disperate resistance. He shot Detective Hyland in the shoulder and before he was overpowered by Constable Hehir of Kyneton, fired two shots at him fortunately without effect. The particulars appear in another column. The members of the Kyneton Volunteer lire Brigade will hold a daylight practice this afternoon, in the streets of the town, when the public will have an opportunity of forming an idea of the probable usefulness of the . institution apart from the services' rendered at the two recent fires. We learn that some trouble is experienced through the "plugs not being of uniform dimensions,thjus rendering it difficult to nee the hydrant jn Malmsbuiy Town Hall was the scene of | a very pleasant musical and dramatic entertainment on Wednesday evening in aid of the fund for forming a town brass band. The inclement weather was a drawback, but there was a fairly good house notwithstanding. The entertaiment was arranged in all its details by Mr Fiddes, who bore all responsibility, and who is the promoter of the band, and the arrangements reflect great credit upon his energy. .Mr R. R. Fretwell presided, and at the outset explained the object of the entertainment and commended it to public support, and mentioned as a guarantee of bon/t jid.es that Messrs French (Mayor), Adamson, (Town Clerk) and himself had been constituted trustees, Mr French acting as treasurer. The first part of the programme was as follows :—Piano Solo, " Come Back to Erin." Miss Horstield ; Song, " Good Evening " Mr Bassett of Taradale; character song "The Hat My Father Wore," Mr Cuddihy; song, "Juanita" Miss Rees of Chewton ; song, " They All Have a Mate but Me," Mr W. O'Mant ; song, " Apart" Miss Bellchamber ; song, " Our Jack's Come Home To-day" Mr Shepherdson. The favorite farce of "The Limerick Boy" was then produced, the various characters being sustained by Messrs. Fiddes, Urquhart, Hassel, Morgan, Gilien, Longton and Morley. This was a maiden effort, and all things considered, was most creditably produced. The performers were well up in the text of their, parts, but the farce would have been better appreciated had the players spoken lather louder. After a brief interval the second part of the programme was disposed of. It included the following items :—Piano solo, " Garryowen," Miss Horsfield; Character song and dance, Mr Cuddihy ; song, " ffe'd better Bide a Wee," Miss Hooke ; song, " The British Lion," Mr Pearce ; song. " Whip Poor Will," Miss Rees ; song, "The Ghost" Mr Fretwell; dance (hornpipe) Mr J. W. Glen. The songs were well rendered throughout' and were deservedly applauded. The dancing ot Messrs Cuddihy and Glenn was especially well received, and both were encored. The Misses Shepherdson, Taylor, and Horsfield played the accompaniments with their well known ability. Miss Horsfield deserves special mention, for besides playing the two solos mentioned in the programme, she played by far the lion's share of the accompaniments in a maimer that it would be difficult to surpass. The entertainment concluded with the farce of *• The Quarrelsome Servant," in which Messis Fiddes, Morgan, and Hassell, took place. It was very well rendered. At the close of the entertainment a large number remained for dancing, which was continued to an early hour in the morning. The gross proceeds of the entertainment amount to about £13 which considering the weather may be regarded as satisfactory. The Legislative Council amended the Babbit Suppression Act on Wednesday night in several important particulars. Kew clauses were introduced to the effect that persons bringing scalps into the colony, or having live rabbits in their possession, should be liable to penalties not exceeding £100 ; and to the effect that persons catching or killing animals proclaimed to be the natural enemy of the rabbits should be liable to a fine not exceeding £10. The principal of the old proverb " penny wise, pound foolish," was to some extent illustrated yesterday at the Kyneton police court. A defaulting debtor was summoned to pay the insignificant sum of 4s 6d and failing to appear, had 15s costs added to the amount of the debt. The " move on" clause was brought into requisition at the Kyneton Police Court yesterday, when two young men, Frank Eixon and Wm. M'Lennan, were charged by Sergeant Manson with obstructing the footpath. The Chairman of the Bench referred to the frequency of youths and young men blocking the footpaths to the annoyance of the public. Though the delinquents were mulcted in a nominal penalty it was intimated that a recurrence of the offence would be visited severely, as it was determined that a stop should be put to it A paper by Dr Edward Payy, of Malms « method of preventing the access bury, . mto hftrbors by" means of a of heavy waves.. - read at a meeting floating breakwater, »a., _ of the Royal Society of Victoria,, was held on Thursday evening in the Society's hall, Victoria Street, Melbourne. There was a fair attendance of members. Mr Stirling read two interesting papers one on thu meteorology of the Australian Alps, and the ether on the traces of a former glacial period in the Australian Alps. Mr Kernot suggested that it might be advisable to establish a meteorological observatory in the <Jmeo district, where special natural facilities existed for observing meteorological phenomena. About eighteen months ago, Cr French suggested in the Malmsbury Borough Council that the Mayor and ex-Mayors of the Borough should present their portraits to the Council, and that they should be hung in the hall The suggestion was not adopted at the time, and it has been left to Cr French, the present Mayor, to tak' the initiative in putting it into practice. Cr French has had his portrait taken and handsomely framed, and he has handed it over to Mx Adamson, the Town Clerk. The portrait which is by a Melbourne drm, is as life-like as possible, and has been taken of a most convenient size. It is now to.be hoped that the several ex-Mayors will do likewise. We (Age) understand that Mr J. G. Duffy, ML.A., has gone to New Zealand for two ot three months to re-establish his health, which is still delicate. During his absence Mr C. Young, M.L. A. and Mr Hunt, M.L.A., will represent the interests of his constituency in the departments. Mr F. A. Buckley, the Secretary to the KynetonHospitalbas received informaU n from the Chief Secretary's office, that he grant to the hospital for maintenance, for the year has been fixed at L900. Half that amount must be raised locally. A building grant of £500 has r.lso been made, but to secure it an equal amount must be raised by subscription. At the Daylesford Miners' Sports" which were held at Daylesford on Wednesday, J. Lindsay, of Taradald, was second in the bicycle race, winning a prize of £2. Lindsay also won the engine-drivers' foot race, and donated his prize—a bag of flour to the Kyneton Hospital. The Ballarat Star says:—A farme 1 named John Dawson, 50 years of age, re" siding on the Campaspe, near Sandhurst, was arrested near the Gong Gong on Wednesday, by Plain-clothes Sergeant Hyland on a charge of feloniously stealing two bales of wool, rąlue L35, the properly of Mr M. M'Kenna, brewer, of Kyneton. The offence with which Dajtnson is ch&ged; is said to have been committed atBayntoij near Kyneton. The arrest was effected through Mr William Hewett, fellmonger, of Mair-street, at whose plaoe the prisoner disposed of one bail and- seven bags of wool." It was found that the brands oiy the pack and sacks was obliterated, and information of -the circumstance was conveyed to the police. Records were turned Major Thirkettle shot in the Ladies' I Match, at the annual Association matches on Wednesday. His score was 28, which constituted him a prize-taker. He also took a prize in the All Comers' Match yesterday. We have to congratulate Major Thirkettle, however, principally upon his victory in the contest for the Queen's Prize, a gold cup, value £100, which he won with a score of 76 points out of a possible 106 The ranges were 300, 600, and 800 yards, seven shots at each range. On Thursday night a most successful ball was held in the Town Hall, Malmsbury, by the ladies of the borough, by way of a return to the bachelors' ball, given a few weeks ago. There were about Bo couples present, and under the guidance of Mr T. Evans, as M.C.. a most enjoyable night was spent. The music for the occasion was provided by Howson's Castlemaine Band, and the catering was efficiently attended to by Mr Richardson, i he hall had been tastefully decorated with ferns and flowers by the ladies, and above the proscenium the appropriate motto " L'Amitie " was suspended. Mr T. Evans lent several pot ferns for the occasion, and they, in no small degree, served to embellish the hall. Altogether the ball was a decided success. \- In reference to the Mignonette case a coi respondent of the Herald writes :— " The cable tells us that Captain Dudley and Mate Stephens, of the yatcht Mig- nonette, have been sentenced to death, having, when veiy. hungry," "eaten the cabin boy, Palmer, who by the way had become too hungry to eat, and calmly lay down to die. Of course, these men will not be hanged, because the human sympathy of the public - a sympathy not accorded to the boy who was eaten—will inetrvene between the culprits and the gallows. No one wants to mete the last dread penalty of the law to the Mignonette cannibals, ^but as a questtion of fair play it does come rather roughly on the third person o: a party of three that he should having no appetite himself, be converted into " square meals" for the other two. In plain English, the pleas in extenuation of the Mignonette cannibals won't wash. Burke, Wills, and E!ing, the glorious Australian explorers, were hungry enough, God knows, but they did not make plans and preparations for eating one another." No doubt the affair was a horrible one, but it was the result of an extreme case that can only be properly criticised by one who has been similarly circustanced to Dudley and Stephens. We learn that the prisoners have been respited during Her Majesty's pleasure. 