Who Gi~orl we ,l Worship. nine 'tnt LrALONE.J :Aiii) the densely eoch6k throng at -the Vio on tI'up ,?vy night last I sat -aiaidliatened to the question pro anad con, ' Is there a God ?' And according :to my lights-whioh I'm afraid are not very brilliant-I matke my deaduo? tions. SThe Bible defender I thought, had ,not lostb Any of his characteristic poweora of debate since I last heard him com; bating with the ,veteran' Mr. O. Bright, whilst his opponent, Mr. Selby, gave tterancoe to a few remarks worthy the consideration of all-the principalo ne of which was "I seek after truth rather than populrity." Althouglh all present must have admitted tlhe noble ness of that sentiment, possibly all present would not seek after it in the sense ain which it was conveyed, I rather fancy that my Freethought friends are getting a little" mixed up." In the late debate, the "veteran ' admitced the eristence of a God, whilst Mr. Selby denied His existence. Here -then, upon the most vital point whibh separates the so-called 'Freethought" advocate from the Christian platform, there is a difference of opinion; yet, upon scanning the faces of those on and off the platform on Tuesday night last, I recognised many of the school of" Science" who were present' at the Bright-Evans debate, and who clapped their wings and applauded the senti. ments given utterance to by Mr. Selby with the same gusto as they did those of Mr. Bright, yet, the conviction of the two men as to the existence of a God is as far apart as the poles. The one is a Deist, the other an Atheist;: Fie, fie,: to you, would be-disiciples of Voltaire. Hat ye already "be. tween two opinions." Fie, fie, to you, who profess to bask in the sunshine of Science. O, shade of Tom Paine, . how much it must grieve to see the in consistency already rife among his followers. Doubtless you will. say we areo still consisteut. ;,The God'of our 'veteran '" -is not the God of the Bible. It won't wash. To admit:'the existence of a God at all, is to admit the existence of a supernatural-power "at the back of nature," no matter whether it" be the Joss of the Chinese Pagoda,- the Buddha of the Further Indian temple, or even the Boyma of the aboriginal, or any other adiittod supernatural power working behind creation," it at once knocks your Selby sopjistry of Tudsday' night into the proverbial "cocked hat." But td the questioin. " Does not Mr. .Selby, notwithstanding his denial, believe in a God.?"' "If-the tioughts of the mind are to be read in the ex. pression of the features; then. I un. hesitatingly aver that he does. The expressive twinkle in his eye as it s?soaniied the vast: audience on' Tuesday night was aoonvincing proof of the faet; Occasio?ially, from the audience, his eye semoed to look beyond, andthoen' an ::.extra twinke would play in the corner of i??.ohis obpio, as he doubtless thought of .itrof ,the god thatawaited the relckoning uim'.p in the little drawemor of the money ."-.takor's ,box, You need not feeool- the least annoyed Mr. r ,, at the '"soft ::. impeachment." -: - For gold; gold, thou art~ the god, Of fully ninoe-teonths of the sons of the sod . Lot the " pigeon.hole".at the money ,:taker's box be shut, and no "per. mission" or admission fees charged, s. and. liow many Brights, Walkers, or Selbys would care to stand the oruoial :test of a season's debate against the the " defenders of the faith." : Very few, we ma? depend on't Flor gold's the beginning an' the end on't. Cui bono, that's a staggerer; in your Thuisday's issue, you have hit the " whole affair right 'fair in the stomick." Well, we must have new sensations, to keep the game alive. The Salvation Army craze is about played out. The " -Skeletons" now don't stand the ghost of a show. Aldermanie quibbhlng seems to be in satatul quo, and when flaulan s coming I don't know; not until he has circumnavigated the southern" 'quatio"'! cracks, and soooped " :in the dollars from the gudgeons there '-?aWuy,yuu bot.. Iieantime, Selby is doing his level best to keep our vitality up to standard, -though, of courseao, without design or the aidpof a design er. " Tim, Tim, ye spalpeen ! where are ye ?" There's my respected mater calling, " Tell th' iditer that i've bin sufferin' wid th' pain in me stomich, tell him 'twas mighty severe on St. Patrick's Day, an' i had to take me prescriptions more frequent, an' off an' on i've bin sufferin' for him iver since." She's in high dudgeon about your calling his saintship a " Frenchman," and will not now allow Freeman even into the house, since a contributor to ". that journal endeavoured to prove him 'a "MYTH" When I informed her it ' meant a nobody. She beat round the liouce and made things lively for the lot of us for a spell.; *** he. B intnds.to'hliave a slap at that "ry.nen T" oontributor.. I advise him to :,:watch it. 