HE New South Walea Government as undertaken a really noble task. It as prepared a bill to prohibit both the importation and nse of opium prepared for smoking; and Mr DIBBS, the Treasurer, has been lately inspecting the Chinese quarters of Sydney to gather pabulum to support the Government measure when it is placed before Parliament. "What Mr DIBBS saw in the course of his rounds, will be found described in yesterday's Courier, so that it need not be repeated here. He saw plenty to prove the imperative necessity of the Government bill being passed into law—plenty to show that in Sydney, men, women, and mere girls, partly Chinese, partly European, and partly a combination of both, are addicted to opium - smoking, producing - all its attendant physical ill consequences, and detestable vices. Such a state of things existing in this civilised land is, to use an old Baying, enough " to make the hair stand on one's head," and certainly to cause every decent person to recoil from the narrative with horror. T^ot that there is anything particularly new abont what Mr DIBBS has seen.- Unfortunately, something like the same tale has often been told before; and we in Victoria, and even here in Ballarat, are not free from the contamination. But Mr DIBBS' explorations show that in Sydney, opium-smoking has become the practice of a considerable number of the less reputable members of society, or no such extensive accommodation for indulgence in this terrible vice would be provided. row npon row of bunks are found fitted up in a number of houses in" the style invariably adopted to allow of indulgence in the vice, opium-smoking must be quite prevalent; and this is what Mr DIBBS found to be the case when going his rounds in Sydney—a state of things no less deplorable than it shows, we repeat, the extent to which the hideous abomination is being carried. Legislation cannot be expected to extirpate the mischief, for smnggling is sure to take place undpr a prohibitive enactment-. But legislation will check the growth of the disease; and this- is a great deal to achieve; for when the importation of; opium for smoking purposes, and the act of smoking opium itself, are made penal offences, few will embrace the trade, and few new victims take to the pestilent habit. Such legislation as Mr DIBBS proposes will, therefore, have its uses; and it will be a comfort to see-it placed on the Statute book; and a still greater comfort to see all the Australian colonies pass the same law; for if the whole of Australia is brought under the same law, the hope of the evil of opinm-eraokiog being materially checked will become yery much larger and brighter. To the Ghinese: in a secondary degree, so to speak, we are indebted for the introduction of this terrible vice. But, primarily, we owe its appearance here to onr own mother-land, since if the Chinese authorities had not been plunged into the great Opium War in order to benefit the cultivation of the poppy in India, but allowed to carry' out the work of extirpating the evil of opium-smoking from China as the Chinese authorities wanted to do, opium-smoking -would, probably never have been heard of on this portion of the earth's Burface. But here it is; and the question; therefore, solely _ is, how can the evil be checked %—•-how can what kills body and sonl in a short space of time be brought down to the amalleBt-compassable limits? The bill which the 27ew South Wales Government has prepared, may be hoped to do this; and, therefore^ it will be a grand thing to see it carried. It will also be a pleasing circumstance to see the rest of t&e; Australian colonies adopt the Bame law, for - once.- all AUBtralia- has a prohibitive statute aptplied . both to -the, -introduction of opium made up- for smoking," and to the smoking of that deadly preparation, the smnggling of it on to.onr shores will be a bard job. and the chnnpe of new, adherents to the .. vice' being created, trill be brought down- to a ginimum-of a very restricted nature. he New South WaleB Government ie certainly preparing to do good work against a most pestilential vice; and it to be hoped the legislature will endorEe its well-meant and evidently necessary exertions. a d a h i MR BERET acted in a very/proper way when he refused on Thursday to vary the third clause in Major SHITH'S Factories Act in favor of the owner of a largo clothing manufactory in Melbourne. This manufacturer desired that he -should be allowed, under the elastic wording of the fifth clause, to keep his workpeople employed longer than eight faoura a dayfor the next three months, as Jie will be very busy, he expects, during that period. Mr BERRY, however, refused to comply with the request, except it can be shown that additional hands to do the additional work cannot be got—which, of-course, means nothing at all, as Mr BERRY is well aware that sewing girls can always beobtained, -as wanted, in abundance. But it is due to the applicant in this case that his honesty should be noted. Employers who want to keep their girls at work longer than the law prescribes, usually take French leave in this way—keep them as long as they like without asking the Chief Secretary'^ permission. So far, then, this applicant is to be complimented upon the respect he has shown io the statute. But, outside this feature of tbe case, it that any employer shonldvf?«~ to keep females at work in a factory beyond eight hours a day, seeing bow prevalent this description of labor is. and how injurious to health long hours in the workroom have always proved to be in the case of females. Major SMITH'S Factories Act is mainly due to this fact having been well established before the measure was passed; and with such evidence available of the mischief caused by keeping girls at a sedentary occupation. beyond the eight honre, any departure from the law would be simply intolerable and inbaman. Moreover, if the suspension of the third clause of the Factories* Act was freely allowed, the Act would soon become a dead letter, because the applications for the extension of time would become exceedingly numerous, and be made on the weakest of pretexts, and often without the least tangible pretext whatsoever. The law has been made to restrict factory work to eight hours, because it has been hown by experience that this was as long as females can work in such places, and retain their health. On the other hand, female labor for this kind of work is abundant in the colony, or there - would not have been such disclosures made as the report of the Commis- sion on Shops has produced—of girls being taken on as apprentices without pay, and of their dismissal when payment could no longer be Btaved off, owing to the superabundance of applicants to get their compulsorily vacated positions. As, therefore, health is at stake on the one hand, and plenty of labor can be got on the other, the law should be rigidly carried out, for all excuses for its abrogation, even if only for a time, are evidently frivolouB, and not worth a moment's respect or attention. In this case, Mr BERBY has acted in a very proper way, and he will lose nothing in tbe public esteem by always giving the same reply to any future applications which he may receive of a similar nature. The Factories Act is a good law ; and it should, therefore, be strictly enforced, both in the letter and the spirit. THE subject of railway workshops in Ballarat is to be brought before the Commissioners of Railways once more on Tuesday next; and it is to be hoped this time a favorable reply will be secured. The question of site, we understand, is to be left entirely to the Commissioners to decide; so that the City Council, and other residents in the West, may well help -the Eastern people in the piece of business which they have taken np. It is a mistake that the question of East against West was ever raised in this matter; bat now that this blander has been given up, both ends of the town may fairly enough unite to win a favorable hearing for what is being urged. The wisdom of having workshops in some part of Ballarat adjacent to, or on, the railway track, is beyond reasonable dispute. These workshops would not alone be a just recognition of the importance of a large town like this one, but they would also save a great deal of the friction there is now in doing much of the work which the rollingstock running in and oat of Ballarat requires. For example, all the carriages used here should be repaired and painted here, and a great deal of work which the engines periodically demand should be also done in this centre. By adopting this coarse the work would be done as tp as it is now executed at Willipmstown, while all the dragging of the engines and carriages to and fro, or for abont 200 miles, and the expense which that dragging entails, would be escaped. It is not asked that a huge factory like the one at Williamstown should be established here. Nobody expects new boilers to be made here, or engines to be almoBt rebuilt on this egot. All such work must" necessarily, at "all events for some time to come, be done where a central factory, with very extensive appliances, has been established for doing these large- repairs. But it would be a saving to the State, and a just acknowledgment of the importance of this town, to have the ordinary run of repairs, and the painting work, done here ; and no argument worth a moment's consideration "can be nrged against workshops being established here for these purposes. For it is as natural that such .work should be done on the Bpot, as it is for a manufacturer' to have any repairs which hiB tools and machinery require done in a foundry in the town in which he carries on - his bnsint instead of sending them away a hnndred miles to rectify their defects. The' arguments, indeed, in favor of railway workshops" being established in Ballarat are too cogent for anybody to overlook.. We trust, therefore, next Tuesday's deputation -will get what it wants, for good sound common sense onderiies what it will solicit. IF all seducers and deserters were dealt with as "WILLIAM FREEBAIRN has been disposed of, we would soon probably see &.healthy diminution ocour in tbefee wrongs. FREEBAIRN has shown himself to be a vary loose fish; for, according to the testimony adduced the police court, he seduced girl, tried to subject he? to the angers of abortion, and then married nother girl, although it is strongly suspected that in thus actiDg he as committed bigamy, for it s freely reported that the police have discovered that he has earlier wife still alive. All these charges show FKEEBAIRN to be not particularly great on the moral side of the code, but generally to be given to a rather fast and loose kind', of living. FREEBAIRN was an employe in the telegraph office at Sandhurst; so that he played a pretty hazardous game for himself, as well as for those who have been his victims. Bat he has now been nipped where probably he least expected to get into trouble, since the new Postmaster-General has dismissed him from his appointment, thus declaring that he was unfit to remain in the Government service. Mr CAMPBELL is to be complimented upon the course he has pursued in this case. It is one good way of dealing with men of the FBEEBAIRN stamp; and if all Government officers—and, indeed, all classes of employes who fall into such evil courses—were dealt with in the same way, the probability is that the seduction and deeertion of young women would speedily undergo very considerable diminution. Mr CAMPBELL'S action in the FREEBAIRN case deserves all praise; and it cannot be, in all such disclosures, too often repeated. I We understand that a new friendly society is in coarse tit formation in Ballarat. The objeot of the society is to afford medical relief and medicine only to the members and their families, thna dispensing with the subsist and funeral allowances which other friendly societies make. The contribution is to be sixpence a week. Already a number of well-knownreaidents of Ballarat have signified their intention of joining this new co-operative movement. Mr Edwin Scrase, a Ballarat old identity, died on Thursday last, at his residence, East Melbourne. The deceaeed was well-known here some years ago as the senior partner in the firm of Scrase and Ainley, brewers, Ballarat East, where he made many friends, bnt of late years he has been located in. the metropolis, where he has carried on bu&inesB; enccesefully. The flag at the Town Hall, Bsrkly street, was flying half-mast yesterday. The deceased, at one time, took a prominent part in Ballarat East municipal affairs. Oar readers will, we are sure, be glad to learn that the Bishop of Melbourne has kindly acceded to the request of the Bishop of Ballar&t; to deliver a lecture in this town on Friday evening, 13th June. Owing to the well-known ability of the lecturer, it is expected that the demand for tickets will be very great, and therefore the Alfred Hall has been engaged for the purpose. The usual Friday parade of the Ballarat battalion was held yesterday afternoon. There was a good attendance, but it was not deemed advisable to leave the vicinity of the Orderly-room, owing to the doubtful appearance of the weather, and the parade was handed over to Sergeant-major Brenchley. A very useful drill was then gouB through for nearly three hours, including bayonet exercise, and shortly after sis o'clock the men were dismissed. There will be another half-day parade this afternoon. Wednesday next will be an important day in the annals of St. Paul's Church, Twenty years were fully completed last mouth since the occurrence of the serious disaster which cansed the destruction of the former church, and left the congregation in a state of financial and general collapse. The re- erection of tbe church, and consequent debt of £4000, involved the parish in serious difficulties. To a very important extent, these have been removed ; for the building debt has been cleared off, although indebtedness to the extentoffully£250still remainsnpon the parish. But, notwithstanding serious difficulties, it has been determined to proceed with the consecratioh of the sacred edifice. This important and interesting ceremony iB appointed to take place on Wednesday -next, and will be performed by the Bishop of Ballarat, assisted by the clergy of the district, the chancellor of the diocese (Hon. Henry Cuthbert, M.L.C.), and the local church authorities. 'The hour appointed is half-past seven o'clock; and it is hoped that a large number of persons will, by their attendance and aid, show their interest in the work of the church. The Bishop of Ballarat. will preach the conseoration sermon. The grocers are supposed to close at one o'clock on" Friday, bnt our attention was yeBterday afternoon directed to a firm in Main street which had the doors open and was serving customers at close on two o'clock. A very fine specimen of printing on satin in six colors was shown to as yesterday at tbe establishment of MrC. Boyd, Sturt street. It was in tbe form of a congratulatory address from the Catholio Yoaog Men's Society to Bishop Moore, and, handsomely framed, it presented a very neat appearanoe indeed. A sum of £5 5b was voted to each of the four following charities by the shareholders of the Buninyong Estate Company at their half-yearly meeting held yesterday:—Hospital, Benevolent Asylum, Orphan Asylum, and Ladies' Clothing Society. It was rumored yesterday afternoon that a young woman residing in Ballarat Bast was very nearly drowned in a dam close to her residence. On enquiry, we learned that a daughter of a respectable resident abont five o'clock was observed to be struggling in a dam which held 6 feet of water. Her relatives, observing her position, screamed for assistance, and. some miners passing ran to the spot and rescued the girl, who by this time was half drowned. She was carried to her home, and under proper treatment soon recovered. It is said that the unfortunate girl was given to drink, but the report that whilst under the influence of liquor she tried to drown herself is denied. The caso, from what we hear, is a most painful one. Five officers of the French war ship Duchaffaut, sow lying in Hobson's Bay, visited Ballarat yesterday, and were the guests of his worship the mayor of the city. Having visited tbe Band and Albion Consols mine, and several points of interest aronnd the district,they left for Melbourne by the evening train. Mr G. V. Fl&tow; has generously presented to the School of Mines one rough and one polished specimen of kauri gum; also the following specimens preserved in spirits:— Sea pen (permatula spinosa), pagurus (berahardus) and shell, hippocampus (New Zealand), swordfish (xyphias gladius), octopus, and sea anemone. 1 he specimens are in an "excellent state -of - preservation,~ and may- be seen in the museum at the school by those interested in such matters. At the City Court, yeeterday, the license of the Sutton hotel was transferred from Mary Minihan to Peter Robertson, and that of the Gity of York hotel from Thomas Hardy to Robert Jane, The presence of disreputable houses fn a portion of Main street, has long been a source of annoyance to those who are compelled to pass the spot on their way homewards. Some consternation was caused yesterday amongst the inhabitants by the action of the police, who took steps to have some of the most notorious removed. It is expected that the action will be followed up until the locality is purified, Half-a-dozen of £be females have already removed. Some cariosity .was exhibited yesterday morning in Bridge street as. to the miision of the^Town councillors, who all suddenly appeared from, different "quarters in full evening dress. It was ascertained that they were bound for WillettB' studio, where their portraits were taken. The portraits of OOUDcillois during each year are placed in the council chamber in accordance with a custom which was"established some years since, . At the City Police Court yeBterday, before Mr Thomson, P.M., and Messrs Little, Shoppee, and Kerr, J.P,, Peter Joyce and Eliza Cooper, charged with vagrancy, were, each remanded till the 23rd instant. Thomas jEUwood was again, brought up at the City Police Court yesterday, charged with forging a bill .for £610, purporting to' be aigned by William Morrison. Prisoner was committed to. take "his. trial at the ossizesj to be held on the Slst Jnly next The.annual presentation of prizes in connection with Itie.lChuroh of £ngland Sunday School Association took place last evening at tho MeohuicB 1 Institute, accompanied by a coaceft and addresses, an£ was largely a attended. The Bishop of Ballarat occupied C ths chair, and there wore en the platform b the Revs. H. E. Cooper, E. S. Badoliff, B. s T. Cummins, Colin Campbell, fi. Finter, H. c Kendall, R. J. Mercer, H. W. H. Adeney, a and C. G. Altanby. The bishop delivered a very interesting address, as did the Bevs. H. Finter and H. Kendall, who addressed the assemblage subsequently. The following ladies and gentlemen saDg very nicely:— Mrs Clarke, Misses DAVICB and Thomas, 'and MeEsrs Jobn Robson, G. Harley, J. Bunting, S. Coming, R. A. Nicholl, and A. E. Slack. Messrs John Robson, A. Oliver, and H. West also contributed a fiute trio, which was enthusiastically encored. During an interval, the bishop presented the prizes, in accordance with the prize-list published in yesterday's iBsue, accompanying the presentations with appropriate remarks. Mr G. Herbert, R.A.M., acted very ably as accompanyist to the singers. Dr Quick last nfght delivered a lecture on the "History and principles of land tenure" in the South Street Societies' Hall. Tbe lecturer dealt eloquently with his snbject, and at the conclusion a hearty vote of thanks was tendered to him on the motion of Mr Pritcbard. Fressnre on our space compels us to condense the really interesting address. Tbe memorial stone of the new wing of St. John's Church, Soldiers' Hill, was laid yesterday by the Bishop of Ballarat, assisted by the clergymen of the district. A report of tbe ceremonial appears in another column. The Blue Ribbon mission is progressing wonderfully here, and Mr Glover's addresses are getting every day more popular. Last night the Academy of Mnsio was crammed, and tbe doors had to be closed to stop people from fining it to suffocation. Mr Glover's entertaining address was received with the heartiest laughter, and his statements on behalf of temperance were endorsed with the warmest applause. At the close Bii persons signed the pledge, and 768 donned the " bine ribbon." Another theft from the poBt office. On the 7th April last Mr John Harris, of Gordon, posted a letter, containing a pencecard and a post- office order for 14s, to Mr H. Ross, secretary for an Oddfellows' lodge. The letter never reaohed Mr Ross; but on his learning it had been sent, aqjl enquiring ( at the Ballarat post office, he was informed that the money had been paid to some person who had presented the order, and signed the name of Hugh Ross In receipt for it, o At tbe City Police Court, yesterday, Ann Hewatt sued Ann Daggatt for making use of insulting words. Defendant was fined 10s, with £112s costs. Tbe usual temperance meeting at the Town Mission Hall on Thursday night was fairly attended, and a good programme was presented. Mr W. Sprague, Mr George Spragne, Mr John Borlase, and Mr Pethard supplied the singing, and Miss Edith Bose, Mr Brown, and Master Rudolph Martin gave suitable recitations. The chairman gave his experience of early days, and Miss Lizzie Hosking presided at the piano. At the close of the meeting twenty-eight signed the pledge and over 100 took the blue ribbon. Professor Sample, the celebrated horsetamer, addressed his class yesterday afternoon at the Hay Market reserve on the management of the horse, his discourse and exemplification of his system being most interesting and instructive. The animal operated upon was one belonging to Mr Lithgo, a cabman, and which at first was moBt stubborn and nervons. Under tbe a l b s y a i s H r h w t w a N r s m o s t management of the professor, however, the horse became perfectly tractable within halfan-hour, and at the conclusion of the instruction, a hearty round of applause was accorded the tutor. To-day, Professor Sample will give a free lecture at half-past one o'clock, and will receive pnpils for his class. Many complaints bave been made by lovers of coursing at the high charge of admission to the_ Ercildoune plumpton, namely, 2s Gd, which tends to restrict the attendance of the public considerably; and we understand that the subject will be brought before the next meeting of committee, with the view of having the fee reduced. It is certain that if the. Ballarat Coursing Club desires to popularise the sport, it muBt offer more liberal concessions to the publio than have been gi ven in the past, and we trust the committee will see the wisdom of reducing the plumpton fee to one shilling at most. There was a blank sheet at the Bungaree Police Court on Thursday. Mr Coghlan, J.P., was in attendance. The heavy and continued rain of the past week haB materially retarded the progress of road construction in Bungareeshire, the numerous contracts now in hand having been brought nearly to a standstill, from inability on the part of the workmen to face the inclement weather, in some cases the works being swamped out. Considerable hindrance from a like cause has'alBO been experienced by tbe farmers in potato-digging, ploughing, and farm work generally. An adjourned Buninyong maintenance case was heard at the City Police Court yeBterday. Frances Mary Blake suod Edward Crockford for tha maintenance of her illegitimate child. The bench were divided in their opinions, and the case was struck but. Several persons were fined 5s each with 7s 6d costs, at the City Police Conrt yesterday, for allowing their goats to wander on the streets. Constable Bookman sued William Kirkland at the City Police Court yesterday, for unlawfully cutting timber in the State forest. Defendant was fined 20s with 2s 6d costs, in default fourteen days' imprisonment. It is always a sourcc of pleasure to us to be able to chronicle instances of the fact that Ballarat is, in point of skill in manufactures, quite as far advanced as any other centre— not even excepting the metropolis. The most recent exemplification of this has been afforded by Mr T. J. O'Brien, saddler and harness maker, of Mair street, to whom was entrusted the manufacture of a set of double carriage harness for presentation to Dr Moore, y the recently-installed Roman Catholic Bishop of Ballarat, by a number of bis lordship's flock, who had preceded the gift by presenting a superb pair of carriage horses to him. The manner in which Mr O'Brien haB executed the work reflects the greatest credit on him. The best materials have been used throughout; the mountings are of German silver, and are very massive. The harness altogether is quite equal to anything of the kind turned out from any Victorian workshop. The presentation committee are therefore to be congratulated on tbe outcome of their confidence n local workmanship. ' Aocording to the Chines Guardian a man bas been " raising the wind" by oollecting among the farmers at Coghill's Creek, contributions to promote an improved system of immigration to this colony. Having secured a number of contributions from a guinea upwards, he has since disappeared, and the contributors are now arriving at the conclusion that their money might have been more judiciously invested.. The Blue Ribbon Army held a moBt enthusiastic meeting (says 'the Telegraph) at Dnaolly on Wednesday night, and proceeded with the election of officers of the sooiety for the ensuing twelve months, with the following result, viz.:—President,: Rev. William Williams^ vice- presidents, Rev. G. Brockway and Messrs George Gallard and Richard Evans; secretary, Mr E. P. Virtue; trcs-. surer, Mr W. H. Edgar. Fortnightly public meetings are to be held at the town hall, and a snb-committee - formed to make them attractive and successful. The local members of the society now number 300. From enquiries which wo {Argus) have cansed to be made, we learn that the labor market in Melbourne bas not been affected to any appreciable extent by tbe lack of employment in Sydney and Adelaide. There Is in Melbourne at present a sufficient supply, of most classes of labor, but there is no glut. In fact, trade and labor are just about in their normal state—so employers say—at this season of the year. The rates of wages have not undergone any alteration, Mr R. T. Booth (says the Argus) addressed another large audience in the Exhibition building, Sydney, on Thursday night. His discourse'related to that part of .tbe temperance movement directed against moderate drinking. - Since Mr Booth-commenced his mission fn Sydney, 12,241 persons have taken the blue ribbon, and 4007 bays Bigned the pledge. Arrangements have been concluded for® visit by Mr Booth to Adelaide.' Many pathetic incidents • are now related (says the Argus) of the late Prinoe Leopold, by the two or three constant friends who were .rarely absent from'Us side during bis stay at Cannes. The 'Duke'was at times sad. He felt that he had not a robust strength, and the thonght at .times depressed him. At rate intervals, too, he complained of his ill luck, It happened that on tbe first day fter bis arrival he met with an accident in e aptain Perceval's boat, the little craft s eing wrecked. The matter was by no means erious, but the Duke deepondingly exclaimed, "My nsnalfate. Disaster to friends, well as to myself." On another occasion, when his Koyal Highness was in a serious reverential mood, he rose, and gazed and wistfully over the luxurious grounds him to the deep blue sea beyond. Turning at length to Captain Perceval, he quietly, ' Perceval, I would rather die here than anywhere else in the world," He died in that very room. The examination (says the Argus) under the Mines Department of candidates for engineers' certificates, will be held on the following dates:—Sandhurst, 17th June; Ballarat, 1st July; Stawell, 15th July; Melbourne, 22nd July; Beechworth, 5th August; Walhalla, 3rd September. A curious contagious disease (says the Age) has broken out amongst the cattle in the Bet Bet Valley, near Timor, and numbers of them have recently died from the effects of the disease. The inspector'of stock has been communicated with by the Shire Council of Tullaroop with reference to the matter. The Argvs says that in consequence of the letter received from Her Majesty the Queen (to which we referred yesterday), the United Fire Brigades' Demonstration, which was to have taken place on the 23rd and 24th instant, has been postponed. Keeping tbe Queen's Birthday would also bave been postponed bad it not been that an Act of Parliament prevents this step bung taken. The Railway Commissioners (says the Argus) have decided to thoroughly reorganise the system under which the varions lines thronghout the country have been Bnpervised and inspected during the last few years. At the present time the Victorian railways arc divided into four systems, and the working of each system is directly supervised by Messrs Moore, Kibble, Cadwallader, and O'Malley, who are, as a matter of course, responsible to the general traffic manager for the proper administration of the lines under their control. It has been found that the sections aB at present subdivided are far too large to allow of proper supervision being made, and the commissioners hare therefore decided to re-arrange the system by subdi viding the railways into six sections, and placing six of the beet qualified and most experienced officers in the scrvice in charge. It is the Intention of the commissioners to adopt as far as practicable the system of supervision and inspection which at present btains on the Midland and Great Western Railways in England, and which has been found to work most satisfactorily for several paBt, The commissioners have called upon the traffic branch -to report upon the matter, and as soon as the subdivisions to be upon have been drawn up and submitted for consideration, no time will be lost appointing new officers and bringing the ystem into practice. The Education Commission (says the erald) sat on Friday to finally revise their eport, which it is hoped will be presented to is Excellency the Acting Governor next eek. There is a good deal of speculation' (says he Herald) amongst the officers of the Railay Department regarding the intended ppointment of extra traffic superintendents. ames are already mentioned, and there is a umor current that Mr Gill, of the south uburban lines, Mr Earle, relieving stationaster, Mr Pollard, of tbe Flinders street R t ffice, and Mr Kirwan, of Ballarat, will be elected for the positions, It is understood o hat Mr O'Malley, superintendent of the North-western system, and Mr Cadwallader, of the main line, will shortly resign. Rumor has it (says the World) that a gentleman who has hitherto borne an unimpeachable character, and was employed as confidential agent and traveller for a leading book and picture importer, bas disappeared under somewhat suspicious circumstances. We learn that a warrant, charging him with embezzling a large amount from his employer, has been issued for his arrest. Both the temporary and permanent weirs at Kinypaniel (Bays the Berutigo Advertiser) were totally washed' away by tbe recent floods down the Loddon, exoepting the timber work, which still stands. The catastrophe occurred between Monday night and Tuesday morning, when the flood was highest. The bank gave way on the western side, which had been thought the most Becure. A heavy loss falls on Mr Pallet^ the contractor, in consequence. Every possible precaution seems to have been taken by the workmen, but without avail. The Melbourne correspondent of the Ararat Advertiser writes :—"Another remarkable fulfilment of a dream has come under my notice. The wife of a well-known sporting writer dreamed that she saw a race at Cauifield won by a ghost, followed closely by a second disembodied spirit. Her husband, although not a superstitious man as a rule, haB—as aU turfites have more of less— a tinge of that failing in his composition. He accordingly looked down the card and at once spotted Phantom, on whom he placed a few pounds, a course followed by some of his friends to whom he related the dream, they getting on a neat sum at 5 to 1. The dream came oS, for Phantom won the race." An accident (says the Herald) happened to the mail coach between Hamilton and Coleraine on 'Friday morning when past Buohara. It appears the reins of tbe leading horses broke. They then bolted and the coach got npset. A message was at onoe sent back to Hamilton, when Cobb and Co. immediately despatched another coach with blaoksmitbs for repairs. On arrival it was found that the driver had his collar-bone broken. The passengers though bruised, were able to proceed with the coach, which went on at once witb the mails. The injured man waB sent into Hamilton and.is under treatment there. An old resident of Western Port, whose word can be relied upon, and who was in the city on Friday, has made a statement (says the Herald) to the effect that oysters are again making their appearance in Western Port Bay, after an absence of a great many He says that the molluBC is to be found on various points of the shore, from the size of a threepenny-pieca to the fullgrown bivalve. A number of genllemen, whose duties were made light on Thursday through the inclement etate of tbe weather, collected (says the Warrnambool Standard) in the afternoon 1 at a leading Warrnambool hotel. There were five of them, and tbey were all married men, and commenced to talk about their wives, and what was unusual, to praise them. One of the company gave an instance of hiB wife's industry. The three others followed suit, and each eclipsed his predecessor. The fifth member of the party was then appealed to. He remained thoughtful for a minute or two, and then said—"Well, gentlemen, I think my wife's fairly indnstrious. She darns the stockings of the family until there's nothing but darn left " The other four men unanimously agreed that this instance o! industry could not be beaten. The Smeaton Plains, some years ago, was a very lively place, and the crops, until the land was exhausted, well paid the farmers for their labors and outlay." Latterly; however (says the Crmoick Advertiser), cropping was given over, and the land devoted for the most part-to grazing. This year, however, the land ^having - had a good rest, several of the farmers arc " again -ploughing and putting in their crops, with the prospect of good returns. • Are there two Donald Dinnfes in the land? This question, is warranted on the one hand by a Donald Dinnie now playing in BalTsirat, and by tbe appearance of tbe subjoined paragraph in yesterday's Warrnambool lade- •pendent on the other:—"Lovers will be pleased to learn thai Donald Dinnie, the champion wrestler and^ithlete, is likely to visit Warrnambool Bhortly. At preBent ho is in Gippslaud, being piloted by Mr Jos. Pickersgill." We direct attention to the announcements in our advertising columns in connection with tBe Blue Ribbon mission. 'This evening Mr Glover's subject will be, " Good wages, and how to keep them," Mr James Russell presiding. .This afternoon there will be a children's servioe, at three o'clock, tbe balcony. being reserved for girls only; the doors will be open at half-past two. On Sunday- evening there will .be servioe in tbe Academy at half-past eight. Doors open at a quarter-past eight. • Those Christian friends who have already espoused temperance principles and donned the blue, are requested to give plaoe on Sunday evening to those for whom thir service iB intended. Mr George Green well, a gentleman of no mean ability in the literary world, and whose poems and writings in the " Rainbow " and other periodicals, and his work in reply to M. Renan's "Life of Jesus," have aiaae his name familiar , to many in the old oountry and here, is advertise^ to preach to-morrow vening in the Disciples' ChntvT^ " treet. Wa understand Mr (hlL , ffe i* come with the intention cf Vn ' ? e " remainder of hiB days in tunny Aust 1® tk ° At the Congregational Church morning the Rev. J. T. Robertson , S otI »» of the Rev. William Henderson) ° , In the evening the pastor will P [ Mc| i. service on this occasion commencing past six. fcali. A special meeting of the Crtwick A,, Kr<l Association is convened for thin at half-past seven o'clock, at the n VCDic & Hall, Allendale, to consider the L ? msli « 4aeEt engaging a medical man. l ™ of A meeting of all those interest • „ David's Day Eisteddfod is c S * St. ttl8 evening, at eight o'clock, at the M,„! e Institute. ^Mics' The yachting contest by the Drew „ sentatives will take place to-day at Kr ee ' 8tart,ng at s We were in error yesterdav In that the Rev E. I. Watkin will Sundayschool anniversary sermons inl^'S Street Wesleyan Church to-mor^'^ Wt should "have stated that these etr^' m bo preached next Sunday week, ^ The Commissioner of Public WnrK i . tenders, this moming, for re-pairs ' ing at the Court-house, Ballarat p",-^01 ' will bo found in our adverti'eing'colnm^ " Queen hotel, next Monday even ^ nomination of officers and other buBine^ A meeting of all interested in tu ' posed Great Southern GippalaDd P r «; be held this afternoon, at the Geo I 'T' 1 at half-past two, The secretary cf the Spring,],]]^ 2 Linton relief fund desires to i" 1 with thanks the following donation? ^ R. Langford, 10,; Mr R.^S^Vr^ Grenville Turf Club, £4. 23 6 ' : KffiSF eveDiDg - A meeting of the members of tie Ball,™, Wanderers Football Club interestea iT"?' a quadrille club, will be beld at B E & American hotel, on Monday evenhg eight o'clock. E 15 . We are requested to remind r,nr that Mr D. J. Carnegie will £eacM£ Bt evening ^ Our advertising columns announce tb«t photographs of Mr Glover snd the Blc» Ribbon committee can now be obtained rt Mr Riohards' studio, Sturt street. All members of the Painters' Union favor of having a supper on the 24th instant are requested to meet at the Back's fleni hotel this evening at eight, The prospectus of the Australian Accident and Guarantee Company appears in onr vertising columns. The directory is an in8a. ential one, and the business of the companv will be insure against injury or death from accident, as well as to guarantee the fidelity of persons in situations of trust. Donald Dinnie's Caledonian gathering s 1 - the Eastern Oval yesterday, was patronised by some 1000 persons. Donald Dinnie lest all his opponents in the dancing, tossing the caber, and putting light and heavy stones The Maiden Race was won by Thomson, the Half-mile Rnoe by M'Nally, and the Hurdle ace by Learnihan. The proceedings hroughout were of a very tame discription We are compelled to hold over a number f letters until Monday. 