CARROLL O'DONOHUE, A TALE OF THE IRISH STRUGGLE OF 1866. \----------------------------- CHAPTER XXIV. TIGHE SECURES A HORSE. Tighe was astir early next morning, and ready for his visit to old Ned Maloney. With many an affectionate entreaty and loving counsel, his mother, entirely recovered from her indignation of the previous night, and satisfied that Tighe's inner man was fortified by a hearty good breakfast of her plain but abundant fare, allowed him to de- part. Tighe did not immediately betake himself to the miser's shop ; he had friendly calls to make on some of the neighbours whose residences lay between the car-office and the dingy- looking shop. He was wel- come everywhere, despite his vagabond repu- tation, for his qualities of good nature and candour when, to use his own words, 'he had no divarsion on hand,' made him univer- sally beloved. Pressing were the invitations which he received to rest himself and to partake of a bountiful though plain hospita- lity ; but Tighe thankfully declined, and adroitly turned the random conversation upon Ned Maloney. ' I heard a queer story about him,' said Tighe, dropping his voice to a whisper that brought his eager listeners close to him ; ' they say there's some gintleman from Tra- lee coming up here in the course of the week to see him, and that the miser keeps a blun- derbuss on hand to shoot the gentleman with if he puts his nose inside the shop.' ' Heaven between us and harm,' spoke up one of the women hearers, devoutly crossing herself, 'sure that's dreadful!' 'It's awful!' said Tighe, lifting his eyes in pious horror ; ' and it'll only be a decent thing for all of you down here so near the car place, where he must surely come, to be on the watch for him — sure any of tho bright witted gossoons that are always round tho cars will twig him in a minu'to ; he's a sport ing man, and his name is Mr. Joe Canty ; by following him a little distance they can see whether he makes for Maloney's place, and if he does, some of vour jxrown folks can iust go and beg him not to go there, but to turn back as fast as he can. If I could stay down here I'd do it, but I can't.' 'Oh, we'll do it, Tighe,' spoke up all the voices at once. ' It'll be a noble act,' resumed Tighe a 'Vohr ; ' and tell the other neighbours, so that when you all together waylay Mr. Canty he'll surely have to beliove you, and ?? he'll got away with his life ; but don't let old Maloney know a syllable of this ; nor don't let him see you watching him any more than usual, for there's no knowing what desperate turn he might take among yourselves.' ? Thrue for you, Tighe ; sure they say he Bigned his soul to the devil long ago for the sake of good luck in his stills and his smug gling.' Tigho shook his head; ' I am afro id the ?.. devil'll have himself and his money afore a great while.' 'But what is th© reason,' asked one of the more inquisitive of his listeners, 'that he wants to shoot this gentleman ?' 'The devil alone, besides old Maloney himself, could tell you that,' was the re sponse ; ' he has such terrible secrets, that same ould man, that it'd take better brains than any one here has to discover them. I'm going down myself to see him this morning on a trifle of business for another person, and it's frightened enough I am after all I've heard of him to go near him.' ' You needn't be afeared, Tighe,' spoke up a_ couple of voices; ' he's always been pretty civil to you.' ' You never can trust a miser,' was Tighe's reply, as with a friendly farewell, responded to by hearty God-speeds, he departed. The miser, seated in tho doorway of his shop, was awaiting his expected visi tor. A greasy coat, buttoned so as to conceal his shirtless bosom, hung upon his spare form, and his great bony hands, rest ing upon his knees, gave little evidence of anv recent ablution. Tithe's salute, accom panied by an energy and independence of manner assumed for the purpose of impress ing the old man, was slowly and gravely returned. T.hen without another word he bade Tighe follow him to the stable. Eeport had not exaggerated when it said that old Ned Maloney had built a better stable for his horse than he had a house for himself ; the stable was a staunch, comfortable struc ture, well-roofed, well-floored, and abun dantly supplied with straw and forage; and the groom was a close, wiry fellow, who evidently knew his business well. Tho horse was led out, and stood in all its noble pro portions before Tighe, whose eyes sparkled as he noted the signs — a task which no one in the country was better versed in than himself — that marked the horse as being sound of wind and fleet of limb ; from the proud arch of his neck to his slender less the animal was the thoroughbred racer, with: the blood of sire and dam in telling every spirited motion. Tighe's admiration was loud and ardent. ' There's no fear, Mr. Maloney, but he'll win the race ; he's a rale beauty !' and with his wonted artfulness Tighe began to display his horsemanlike powers— vaulting on the back of the steed, and with his knowing hand causing him to prance, and curvet, and amble, in the inclosed space which surrounded the stable, till both the old miser and the groom were convinced of Tighe's superior skill as a rider. Then, when Tighe deemed that he had given sufficient exhibition of his powers, he dismounted, and immediately be gan to hurry the groom's preparations for departure. Out on the toad, and Tighe made full use of that talent for droll story-telling which ho possessed in no limited degree. Having as certained by apparently aimless questions that the groom, shrewd and artful as he appeared, was unacquainted by any personal experience with the topography of the country three miles beyond Dhrommaeohol, Tighe determined to so divert the attention of the fellow that he would forget to observe the direction they were taking, or the plaoes through which they were travelling, beyond such information as Tighe himself chose to volunteer. And he succeeded ; the mind of the groom was so amused, perplexed, and at last so beclouded with the absurd stories in which horses, devils, and ghosts were mingled in strange and terror-striking fashion that the little, wiry fellow was as abstracted and absorbed as his sharp companion wished him to be. Tighe announced at last the ter mination of the journey, and Arty Moore, the groom, shook himself like one awaking from deep sleep, and looked half stupidly about him. A wide stretch of open country, environed by hills, lay before him, and the only house in sight was that which they were about to enter — a small thatched dwelling with what appeared to be several outhouses adjoining. The groom's full consciousness returned, and with it the suspicions which were peculiar to him. ' I thought we wero going to Tralee,' he said, halting within a step of tho doorway, that's what I understood from Mr. Maloney, and that the horse was to bo stabled there.' 'And who said we weren't P' said Tighe turning round with an assumption of fierce ness before which Moore shrunk. ' Didn't you tell me you wore hiver in Tralee P' ' I did,' auswered the man with a crest fallen look ; ' but my common sense tells me that this isn't the town of Tralee.' ' Well, mebbo yer common sinse would tell you how far out of the town we are,' mocked Tighe ; ' and mebbe that same com mon sinse that you brag of would tell you I have a very good reason tor what I m doing — and one that's to Mr. Maloney's interest. Now, tell me one thing:' — going very close to the groom, and continuing his intimidating manner—' didn't Mr. Maloney himself tell you to be attentive to my directions ?' ' He did.' ' Very well then ; mebbo you're sharp enough to know that there's a great deal depending on this race ; or mebbe you haven't the gumption to see that there's something to be put in yor own pocket if you have diucretiou in tho matther. Which is it now P' That was a shrewd way of detecting whether Arty Moore, Ned Moloney's groom, was too faithful to the miser's interests to be bribed into betraying them, But the groom's principles were not of the stanchest kind, and there was no very cogent reason why he should be faithful to old Maloney at the risk of a pecuniary loss to the himself ; with a snap of his black eyes, he answered : ' Trust me for that ; I'm not particular which master I serve, so long as the money's to the fore.' Tigho turned upon him with well assumed indignation : ' Hould, you thraitcsr ! is that the way you're sarving the poor, lonely old man that thrusts you? It'll not overtake me to let him know your character.' ' Oh, Mr. Oarmody, for the love of God don't !' and the trembling wretch was almost on his knees at Tighe's feet; ' I meant nothing by it ; the words only escaped me ; but Mr, Maloney 'd believe them, and I'd lose my place ; it's an easy one, and a pretty good ono so far, and I have a wife and family depending on me.' Tighe pretended to bo unmoved for a few seconds ; then he seemed to yield only for tho sake of the dependent family. I ' Will you swear to bo true to Mr. Maloney's interests bo minding strictly what I tell youP' 5 1 will, I swear solemnly I will !' answered the groom. ' Very well, then ; you'ro not to answer any one a single question about this horse, save that you're his groom, and nothing more ; you're neither to tell the name of the beast, who is his owner, nor the man that's to ride him ; if the old boy himself was to stand afore you and demand such informa tion, you're to refuse to give it, both now, during these few days afore the race, and till after the race is over. Do you consent to all that ?' ' I do, willingly,' was the earnest answer. The stable to which the horse was led was hardly as comfortable as the one he had been taken from, but at least it was sufficient for the proper housing of the steed ; and the sight of old Moloney's bank-notes, that Tighe ostentatiously displayed, made the owner of the stable, which was annexed to a little shebeen, very willing to make every addition in the way of provender. Tighe was satisfied, and having renewed his injunctions of secrecy to the groom, he departed. His first impulse was to seek Mr. Joe Canty ; his next to depute Corny O'Toole to deliver the message ; for this step he had an important reason ; it might be rather an arkward contretemps to have Mr. Canty on the morning of the race recognizo m the jockey who would step forth to ride for Quartermaster Garfield the person who had been the bearer of a rnessaee from Mr. Maloney, the owner of the horse that Canty expected to ride ; it might cause suspicion of foul play, sufficient to arrest Tighe's part in the race even before he had begun it. Thus deciding, he turned his steps to Corny O'Toole, faithful Shaun, who never lost sight of his master, closely following. He found that the little stranger had departed not an hour before, having sufficiently recovered under Corny 's skilful treatment, and he found Corny himself in a very contented frame of mind over a piece of bacon and a dish of smoking potatoes. ' Just in time, my boy !' and the little man, with refreshing promptness, arranged a place for Tighe at the homely t;ible. Tho meal was heartily welcome to the tired Tighe a Vohr, and the palatable fare (Corny was an ex cellent cook) together with the contents of a little black bottle, which came forth from a recess in the closet after the table was cleared, put Tighe into very sanguine spirits. He related his success with Maloney and the groom, at which Corny signified his delight and admiration by slapping his knees, rub bing his hands together, and given forth fre quent low, prolonged chuckles. Then Tighe paused, tiud took another draught from his glass. Knowing the little man's peculiari ties, he was doubtful of gaining his consent to take the message to Mr. Canty. 'I had an intherviow wid mo mother, Cornv.' ' Did you now ?' Mr. O'Toole imbibed from his glass, tho rosy colour of the liquor perhapa helping (o make tho blush which came into his wrinkled face. ' I did that, Corny ; and you were miu tioncd ; yis, Corny, you were mintionod be tho mother and the son.' Mr. O'Toole arose. ' I trust, Mr. Carmody, that no allusions were made to disturb your mother's widowed feelings ; rathe? would I bear my own unhappy sentiments to the grave ; yes, sir !' and he stood erect, glowing with the consciousness of his noble recti tude. * Sit down, Corny, and let me toll you ; the mintion of you put me mother in a very feel ing mood intoirely ; she was touched, Corny, by yer aintiments for her.' And Tighe's con science was quite innocent of any falsehood this time ; for, as he afterwards expressed to Shaun, ' sure me mention of Corny did touch her, only, begorra, it touched her in the way that Corny wouldn't loike. Yis,' pursued Tighe, ' and in toime, Corny, whin tho rale goodness of yer noble heart becomes fully known to her, and she has her eyes opened to all that she missed when she tuk Timothy Carmody in preference to yerself ? ' ' Not in preference, Mr. Carmody,' broke in the little man, with dignity, ' but because I didn't ask her in time.' ' I beg yer pardon, C'oroy, that's what I meant. Well, as I was saying, whin sho has her eyes opened to all this, she'll be proud and happy to become Mrs. O'Toole.' He stood up and shook Corny's hand with, prolonged vigor. Mr. O'Toole replenished the glasses. ' We'll drink, Tighe, to your mother's health.' ' To the future Mrs. O'Toole,' responded Tighe a Vohr. Corny was in a state of the highest satisfaction, — pleased with himself, with his visitors, and with his surroundings ; and Tighe, in the same happy state, judged it would be a very good time to broach the true object of his visit. Mr. O'Toole looked a little doubtful : ' I don't know, my boy, how I'll bring myself to do that. I haven't been in society since your mother married, and I haven't much mind for talking to any of these sporting characters.' ' The divil a hap'porth you'll have to say to any of thim but Mr. Canty himself, and thin, barring he draws you into any remarks of his own, you have nothing to tell him but that Mr. Maloney desires him not to go down there to see the hoi'3e ; and you naydn'tmoind putting the message in very sthrong words aythur ; for if he won't belave you, and if he will go down to see old Maloney, faith it's a quare welcome he'll get both from the people in Dhrommacohol and tke miser him self!' and Tighe laughed heartily as his imagination vividly pictured the crowd that would surround unsuspecting Mr. Canty, en treating him to return. ' May be he'd ask me if i came straight from Mr. Maloney,' said Corny ; ' what will T nnswftr fhfin ?' ' The thruth, Corny,' responded Tighe, with the energy of conscious virtue ; ' always spake the truth. Lies is bad ivery way, and degrading to tho man that listens ; and there's nothing loike tho voice of a good con science for making a man feel himself afore the world, and of importance in his own eyes.' ' Eight, my boy ; every way right,' respon ded Mr. O'Toole. ' Tell him, Corny, that the messenger who keni direct from Mr. Maloney is at yer house, but for some ray son he couldn't take the message hirriself, but gey it to you ; and that'll be the truth, anyway : sure I have the best of raysons for not wishing to meet Mr. Canty this while yet.' At length it was settled ; Corny agreed to take the message to tho ' Blennerhasset Arms,' the most probable whereabouts of Mr. Canty, and Tighe departed to seek Garfield for the purpose of bringing him out to view ' Brian Boru.' CHAPTER XSV. HE. CANTY. A soft, bright morning, a country redolent of balmy air and new- mown hay, and the perfume of a thousand wild, but sweet scented flowers, that decked the fields on every side, together with the prospect of winning his money and redeeming his honor, all conspired to put William Garfield, quartermaster in her Majesty's ? ? Segi menfc, in excellent spirits, as in company with Tighe a Vohr, and both mounted on horses capable of a fair gallop, they canted through the stretch of country which led to the stable of 'Brian Boru.' The English man was in a humour to relish Tighe's laughable and original remarks about the locality through which they wero riding, the people, their habits, and everything that Tighe could facetiously twist or make up into a story of laughable absurdity or start ling interest. His conversation, however, was not without a frequent random remark regarding tho Widow Moors, a careless obser vation containing some item of new3 about her that was of profound interest to the love smitten soldier ; and once tho artful fellow insinuated how report had it that the widow was excited about the coming race, and anxious for Garfield's success. The soldier was in a glow of anticipation and pleasure. ' Only win for me, my dear fellow,' ho said, clapping his hand familiarly for an instant on Tighe's shoulder, 'and you will raako mo your lasting friend, willing and eager to serve you m everything. ' The divil a fear of me losing for you ; I mver lost a race yet. But wait till you rsce 'Brian Boru;' if his beauty dosen't quicken the soightin yer eyes me name's not Tim Carmody ! only I've a word of caution : don't dhrop any remark afore the groom that you'll find, wid the horse — don't even call the horse by name ; for the groom is a fellow not much to be thrustod, I think, and if he suspected that you were the man I was to ride for mebbe I couldn't kapo the saycracy I want to kape till the day of the race. You can let on to be a careless frind of moino thatjist come out for divarsion's sake to have a look at the baste' The soldier was strictly obedient to Tighe's injunctions, and though tho lightening up of his heavy face, and his start of delighted surprise when the magnificent animal was led out, betrayed his admiration, ho was careful not to drop a syllable of remark. Tighe lightly mounted ' Brian Boru' and proceeded to still further surprise and delight the soldier by an exhibition of his skilful horse manship. Garfield was in an ecstasy of joyous anticipation ; he could luirdly wait for the exhibition to be concluded, and until Tighe and himself were in the silent ppea oountry again, on their return, when ho burst forth : ' I feel as if I owe you an apology, my friend, for my past distrust of you ; yes 1 own,' — becoming more frank as lie looked into Tighc's wondering and apparently artless eye3 — ' that until this morning I did not entirely trust you ; there was a lurking doubt which I could not explain to myself that perhaps you were deceiving me ; but this morning, Mr. Carmody, has obliterated all that. I believe you fully now, and I thank you from my heart !' ' That's always the way,' responded Tighe ; * thim that's innocent is suspected, and thim that's guilty escapes.' ' I did not forget, Mr. Carmody,' resumed the soldier, ' my promise to you, and out of. gratitude I shall fulfil it this very day. I. hope I shall be successful for you as you have been so far for me. Come to the barracks to- night, and 1 shall have an answer for you.' Almost at the same moment Corny O'Toole was having his interview with Mr Joe Canty in the coffe-room of the ' Blenner hasset Arms.' lie had sought that gentle' man on the previous evening, but without success, either at the ' Arms' or at Mr. Canty's residence, and at the latter place Corney was told that he would surely find him at the ' Arms' by a certain hour the next morning. {To be continued.) 