TUESDAY, DEOEMBEB 28. Before "the.. Mayor (H.' Jennings, Esq.), and MessCs Hayes, Bolger, and Stede. ford, J's:P. g. e w Mania 'Lemmin o, aged m2, noan ch?irgedwi.ih 'tealing a pair: of blankets and a pair of lade cartaine, the prbperty of Siirah Di*hry~iple, of the Beaconsfieldt Parade. .:The prisoner had been lodging a' the prbosecutrix's house, and according to her (the prosecutrix) evidence she missed the above articles, which she saw in the prisoner's box. Miss Jones,' who had lived in the ame houise was called as: a witness, but her evidence was directly opposite to that of the prosecutrix, and the prisoner ws discharged. James McNaughton was summoned for bathing a dog from the St. Kilda Pier. As this was the first prosecution under the new regulations, the defendant was cautioned, and the case dismissed, the Bench intimating that in future persons sc offending would not be so leniently dealt with. .. Wiliam Doeg was summoned by Senior, Constable Brennan for insulting behaviour. Inspector Acton said numerous complaints had been made of the conduct of young men who nightly were looking for the ghost reported to haunt the St. Kilda Cemetery. It appeared that on Friday evening last the defendant was outside the Cemetery with a loaded stick in his pos session, which the constable took from him. There was no evidence that the defendant had been insulting in his behaviour, and the case was dismissed. Harry Gillard, a respectable looking young man, was charged with a similar offence. The defendant was carrying a cricket bat late at night near the Ceme tery. Case dismissed. !. DEsa,CAsEs.-F. Hayes v. G. Crouch, goods; £2; order for amount, with 10. costs -Jemima Fletcher v. Henry Thomp. son, goods, awarded,.with 10 costs.-John Box: v. John Moran, work, £L3 19o; awarded, with 26s costs.-Julia Hooper v IT. R. Temple,.board and lodging, £8 18 ; to be paid. with 26s. costs. by monthly instalments of 20s. Catherine Kirkham summoned George Kirkham to show cause why he should not be bound over to keep the peace. The defendant was bound over to keep the peace for six months. Ann Davis summoned her husband, Phomas Davis, for maintenance, and an order was made for 12s 6d a week, with' 27s Gd costs. . David Way was fined 5l for driving at night-time without lights. SWm. Wadsworth was fined 20 for ro moving the surface of the Orroog-road. 