' ' « 1 ' IN THE BUSH. ;'- v I'-l8n> but a snapper-lip cf unconsidered tnfles." . >. -.-j , — SnAKSrjEARr. : It IB somewhat-humiliating to. our vaunted intelligence: that, -in spite of the ftturch of civilisation, w.th a'l its atten dant rattle of drums, fanfare of trumpets and exultant huzzas, the trammels of fiaperstition should still enthral ihe Ijamau mind to such a surprising extent. f,Theschoolmaster.is abroad," mechanics' institutes and free libraries arise in every town, and science and art are dispersed with.a liberal- hand; yet, in spite of all, a iftlge section of mankind still cling to the Superstitions of a bygone age. I have known some very intelligent people who reluctantly admitted their belief m ap paritions, though most of the best accre dited ghost-stories have had to yield to S rigorous investigation. Even;- the massive intellect of Dr Johnson suc- "cumbed to the fascinations of the' Cock Lane Ghost, and the great lexicographer Was always, careful to commence his daily walk down Fleet-street " left foot foremost." Farmers in the old country still nail horseshoes over their doors to prevent the. entry of wilches, and any poor old decrepid female who exhibits the ill liumor of old age is looked upon vritjh a suspicious eye. I have seen an educated gentleman look uneasy at spill ing the salt, though I am assured al: ©vil consequences can be avoided by throwing a pinch over the left shoulder ; and I Lave known a worthy matron Seriously discomposed by tbe breaking of a looking-glass. How often have I been warned- riot to look, at the" 'new' moon through glass, and recommended to "turn. Slay money" at the same mystic period, advice which must seem sarcastic to the great army of those with empty pockets. I have seen one intelligent young lady filled with curious anticipa tions by the appearance of " a stranger in the: candle," and another, equally gifted, who was thrown into serious per plexity by her inability to decide whether the cinder which waa projected from Ihe fire was shaped like a purse or a coflin. Most of these old-world divinations are Carried off with a laugh, aa if to -refute any belief in them ; but it is no less true that these peerings int-s futurity are often indulged in, wilh fu'l credence in their efficacy. It is not many months Since that I read of a man being com mitted as a rogne and a vagabond by the Liverpool bench, and who had driven a lucrative trade by fortune-tellings, the Bale of charms, love- philtres, aDd such like trash. " Ab, but that was in the Old country," you will exclaim ; tl we in this new land are not such fools." My dear public, if you wiil carefully examine the advertising columns of Ihe Melbourne papers, I. have little doubt but that you will find, as I have, at least three or four notices that Madame Somebody is prepared to give you full information as to your past, present and future, for the trifling con sideration of 2s 6d, and with no other assistance than the daf md place of yonr birth. Now, advertising runs into money ; so we may be very certain that these impostors reap a plentiful crop of simpletons, and wax fat thereupon. I believe the " Royal Dream Book" and Napoleon's" Book of Fate!' command an extensive sale in this colony. Old Moore's " Prophetic Almanack" sold by the hun dred thousand, until the proprietors omit ted thB annual predictions, when the rapid decrease forced them again to pander to' human folly. - We have seen the miserable fiasco which exploded the ingenious discovery of Mr Baxter that Louis Napoleon was the " destined monarch of the world ;" yet at the time Ito work ever approaced the extent of it3 Bale. Attime3 we aretoldhow someone has pnlled off a good thing by drea ming of the Winner of a race, or has had revealed gome lucky combination of nnmbers which has seenred the principal prize in a lottery. We are not told how many lunatics pinned their faith on a dream and were disappointed. Bat that matters not. One has been lucky, and why not another ; and so a new harvest of folly is reaped, and the ball is kept a-rolling. With all onr wonderful advance in Sanitary science, the same ignorance and stubborn adherence to ancient usages is displayed. Many educated people are determinedly opposed to the practice of vaccination, and the magistrates of Leicester, in England, have recommended gome relaxation of the penalties, as the number of reensants is so large as to defy punishment, In this enlightened colony plainly written tracts are widely disseminated, giving valuable informa tion as to the means to prevent or check infectious disease ; yet many of our city populations still herd together jui squalid tenements, defy its approach and strive to conceal its presence. On ihe continent of Europe the same indif ference to the means of health is ob served, especially on the Mediterranean borders ; and the towns of Spain and Italy ara paraded by religious proces sions, accompanied by crowds of frantic devotees, who return to their loathsome dens lo sustain and perpetuate the dread pestilence. Many years ago I read in a very old jest-book how the sapient Mayor of Folk- Btone ordered the streets of the town to be barricaded, to keep out the small-pox; yet the same absurdity is actually carried Out by the municipal authorities of Con tinental towns. They do not wall up their gates, it is trne ; bnt after several fatal cases have occurred, and hundreds bave fled in panic, to spread the disease elsewhere, the' town is ordered to be iso lated, and a cordon of guards is stationed around it, with orders to warn off or fire Upon anyone attsnroting io erossthe magic Circle. This system appears to be a Belie of the dark ages ; and how rigidly EUch was carried out in old times we . Jttlity imagine, by the particulars which ai t recorded, as to the ptecautions taken En 1629 to prevent tbe spread of a Etrange disease which reduced the. popu lation of Digne, in Prance, from 10,000 |o 1500- in the short space ef four fiaonfcbs. A French writer of that period £ay« : " This malady strangely affected Ihe invalids; some fancied Hhey eOuld fly; others climb like squirrels andone yomig woman, who had been hastily) in terred, rose three days afterwards, "for the gr»ve-diggers were content just to j Cover the bodies. Daring these four mom the town was covered1- with a fchick f ig ; the heat was suffocating, ac- companied by frequent- and dreadful slorms ; and in order to cotnple e the horrors of such a situation, . ihe Parlia ment forbade any' of the lnhabit- iiits to quit ihe city or tbe small. territory be longing to it, aud -guaros stationed around fired upon these who attempted to escape. A new edict condemned the pestilential city to the flames ; but (his inhuman decree was couuUrmanded, af-er the destruction of one country house, with all i'S inhabitant." Two : Centuries have parsed nwav since this f-.til scourge desolated the counlry, but Digne has never recovered from its effects, and its inhabitants, even now, do not exceed 3500. Thus we smile at the ignorance of our ancest ors, end perpetuate their foliy. To me, this cordon arraugemrnt seems very much like "locking the s.able door aft.r tbe hoise is gon«. ' But modern science has not yet lucidated the origin and tr -.usmipsion of epidemics ; so meanwhile we must do our lit le en deavor in the mat »r of precaution, and humbly repeat. Goe h«'s dying prayer : — " More light — more light !" BILLY NUTTS. 