THE SKETCHER After Many Years. 'TIS sweet to hear the watch-dog's honest bark Bay deep-mounted welcome as we draw near home; 'Tis sweet to know there is an eye will mark Our coming, and look brighter when we come. Thus singeth Byron; but he has nothing to say on the other side, or, if he has, he does not say it. How about the fellow who has no watch-dog or bright eye to look out for him? Perhaps it is his fault, perhaps not. Anyway, it is twenty-one years since the writer first arrived in young Brisbane "all by himself alone," and not the ghost or a bright (or any other) eye to mark his coming. The city in those days was in its tutelage ; it was four years old—dating from the year of Separation, 1859—but, young as it was, it was even then what my Yankee friend would call 'a place*" There were steamers coming to it from else- where, and steamers, as well as other kinds of ves- sels, going from it to somewhere else. The old Uralla used to trade between here and Sydney, and did it very well, too. It was the acme ot sedate trading. The Uralla, so long since gone the way of all floating and fleeting things, was a boat amongst boats. She knew how to do the distance hence to Sydney in five days regularly; but, if hurried in the least, she would take six. Rest her timbers ! she is of the past, and its her stead we have : oh ! what have we not got? But it is not of the shipping, nor of the wharves - which were few enough in 1863—but rather of the city itself it is intended that we should discourse. What was it, then? Why, just about the jolliest place out, although trees were then growing where there are now mighty fine buildings, and buildings, too, where once frogs held high carnival in fully 4th deep of be-au-ti-ful green water in Frog's Hollow. Yet the town was then a jolly place. The squatter from the back blocks was quite a common sight on the streets, in the hotels, even on the river in boats. Dinsdale's Exchange, Ahern's, and the immortal George Macadam's had plenty to do, for there were not only squatters, but others, quite as good custo- mers in jumper and boots, whose cheque had to be melted at once. So the publics did well, as you may suppose. And such a look of newness about everything ! It was quite dazzling ! all except the old police court, situated on the land where now stand the post and telegraph offices, and the old supreme court, in which mill-like building were also the two halls of legislature. Lord! what spouting there used to be in those days. Splendid speeches from Her- bert, and still more brilliant orations from Fer- rett, who never by any chance, that I know of, got beyond, "If, Mr. Speaker : I say, Sir, if—— " and then he subsided. Then there was the diseased wife's sister, as Mr. R. Cribb was dubbed, because he would call "deceased" in that way. It was he of whom my friend R.P.W. asked, " Did you ever know a police- man to steal?" Answer: "No; but I have known a Bobby Cribb!" (Sensation). And speaking of this reminds me of a writer on the Guardian who produced a novel by piecemeal, weekly; he called it " Hipsley Tidler," but as no one could catch the name exactly it was by one consent called the "Tipsy Fiddler," and this name stuck to the writer for many a year. A clever fellow was "Tipsy" ; passed as a barrister, practised successfully for a time, married, got children, ran off with a "light o' love," took to remorse, and died : Such is life. I can remember the fire that burned down the Old School of Arts, and with it one of the finest fellows in Brisbane. He had been bookkeeper at the Guardian Office, and was much liked—poor Maskell. There was another large fire in Queen-street some year or so after that at the School of Arts; it was a sneezer. It burned almost all the premises on Stewart and Hemmant's present side down to near Carmichael's. In those days we had no water laid on; our principal liquid was grog, of which there was a sufficient quantity drunk at "Poets' Corner," in the old Sovereign Hotel (which also was afterwards burned down). Nearly all the large fires, you see, were in Queen-street, because there were few places of any consequence—as regards size— in any other street in those days. No cabs to the Valley, or anywhere else, and none too many horses. Mr. W. H. Kent used to import a few from Sydney occasionally, and hammer them down by auction at his sale yards at the corner of Elizabeth-street; but still no cabs, and, if you wished to go to the Valley or Breakfast Creek, it was either a hack or Shanks's pony that would carry you; the latter place, however, was always get-at-able by boat. It was in '63 there was such a cry out raised about the Volunteers, and, of course, Brisbane must have its force like the rest. There was a brigade formed in Ipswich also, and, long before Sergeant Hawkes had done drilling us in Brisbane, the Ipswich fire-eaters challenged us to a rifle tournament. This little caper came off at the butts beyond Gregory terrace, and, to my astonishment, I was chosen as one of the thirteen competitors for and on behalf of "our brigade." Need I tell the awful funk I was in ? Why I hardly knew the one end of the confounded thing (rifle) from the other ! But "England expects"—and she shall have it. " Yes, sir, if I die for it, I will shoot." That in what I said ; but, oh! great Scott, what I felt!! The day came as all days of that description do; it found me hard at work; but, being huntrd up by the indefatigable sergeant, I had nothing for it but to cut off home, don the uniform, and haste to the field. When my turn came; at the first range (200yds.) I stood forward like a man and Volunteer, then deliberately let fly. The shout that shot elicited rings in my memory yet. It seems that my bullet had taken effect in Pat McGuffin's white cow's rump steak part. Captain D , of ours, was in an awful stew. "Good G-- , Blank, what are you doing?" "Shooting," said I. "Yes, and a nice pretty shot you have made of it. You have started old Pat's cow off home, and the shot will most likely cost you a few pounds." This, to say the least of it, was discouraging ! It appears that in changing my clothing I had forgotten to bring my eyeglass with me, and being short-sighted had mistaken the confounded brute for the target. Having got the loan of the captain's glass, and permission to use it—because one of the Ipswich men was wearing spectacles—l did better at the other ranges, and helped to win for our corps. The cow was not badly hurt. It was shortly after this event that a muff game of cricket was got up. All the muffs were to meet, and go in for a single- innings game. It came off near the old Grammar School, and I got such a whack in the eye with the ball, almost at the start, that I made up my mind there and then never to play cricket more. Had I a black eye? Why, yes. It ex- tended from my forehead down to my waist belt, I believe, and was a source of endless trouble to me for weeks. Every joker who met me would make some disparaging remark, and suggest that quarrelling with one's wife was a decided mistake, until I felt as if I could have scalped the idiot with pleasure, and worn his wigwam at my wampum. (Note: I am trying to quote Cooper here, but fear I am not quite correct; however, it is near enough.) Just as the eye was getting into " the sere and yellow leaf," meaning green and yellow, the election for Moreton came off. On this occa- sion the writer was especially active on behalf of a gentleman now pretty high in authority; but for all that could be done there was nothing for it but to withdraw him at the last moment, as his chance was not considered good enough, so an ironmonger of this fair city went in quietly. "The moon looks on many brooks, the brooks see but one moon;" and with this wise, though perhaps inapposite, quotation I close the present paper. Latitude. 