THE MERCURY MONDAY MORNING, JUNE 23, 1884 I,, ' ,? , ' ^ , , I » --' .'-tiJ-i i-=-.j-j >;y J::c-31, , .,, iNibne.of tho Diagazinog/received by tho lisi/'mail a discourse Vlelivbred by Mr. "Í^TTHEwj ARVOLD whilst in the fortifed' States ia reprinted, and"* it may bo read -by ,ali concerned ¿n-carrying on tho 'Go'vernment of any/ Country with some advàn?Bge, if not witli'gr'eat^ satisfaction, 'it is entitled.'"Tho Majority andi tho Remnant, f Its aim is,''apparently, to ahowiwhat aro the'forces on which the stability of communities and jStates'mahily depends, and it gives a hint ¡to 'iho Americans~öf "which wo can only hope that they ina/jbe able/ to¿ avail themselves. The diBcourBO is a variation on tho Carlyn lean theme that the world ¡B mostly com- posed of fools. Of course Mr. ARNOLD, who possesses none of tho ruggedness of the Chelsea philosopher, nor, indeed, any of his lightning-liko perception of tho 'true basis of things', docs not ven- turo to say that -. the majority ia most composed of fools,1" and especially not in a country where tho counting of noses has'been hold to ba almost a sacred duty. But, he takes the liberty of pointing out that towards the decliqo of the glory of Athens, PLATO porcoived that the minority was the only power that could eave the State, and that that minority did not provo to bo strong enough for the purpose. ' Mr. ¡AiiNor.b quotes somewhat largely-i-'from . the Prophet ISAIAH concerning the 'remnant of the Jewish people, which alsojwas not poworful enough to prevent tho downfall of the nation. The moral of it all is, of course, that in each nation thcro is a minority or remnant, as distinguished from the majority, upon which the ulti- mate safety of the community depends. This truth-for it ia a truth which has boon, recognised in ¡various forms for thousands Of years-is ona which'oven now-does not scent- toi be sufficiently understood, and least of nlHiy thoB6_who are "most concerned in understanding it moat clearly,. Tho belief exists throughout the bulk of all tho democratic communities in tho world,' and of many that nro not domooratio at all, that communities aro kopt safe by tho hocus-pocus of legisla- tion, that modos of .olection aro tho ossontial things to look after, and that tho broadening of tho franohiso is a means of securing tho welfare of tho peoplo. Now, wo do not say, nor more, wo tako it, docs Mr. ARNOLD, that tho providing of tho moana for giving scope to tho liberal intorests and broad viows of a pooplo, as contrasted with tho narrow viows, tho solGsh and timid policy of a class, is not a nocossily, and especially in thoso modem times, but we must not forgot that the whole Bystom of oloctionsj ia directed to choosing tho host mon out .f tho romnant. It is granted that the, majority ia not capablo of doing the work. In Bomo of tho Swiss Cantons, whoro tho adult malos numbor only a few thousands, laws aro, indeod, enacted by the wholo body of tho people, but this is an excep- tional state of society, such as can only exist in very small and quito primitivo communities. In all the moro important casos tho problem is/ how to chooso the mon that can do the pooplo's work. Thoso mon compose the romnant, as distinguished from the majority, and tho safoty of States may bo said to dopond upon whethor that romnant is powerful onough to resist tho disintegrating forcea that aro always at work. So far,, thon, wo go, as"wo think all thinking mon must go, with Mr, MATTHBW ARNOLD, bu,t not with him alono ; wo go also with all that is written jm government in tho pat-os of tho Bible, in all that SHAKES- PEARE has said on the subject, and all that every man of groat intolloct and exporionco has left on rooord. Tbo sayings may bo harsh, hko those of CARLYLE, or soft and ¡smooth hko those of Mr. ARNOLD,-but thoy aro the samo at bottom, ovon ' as are tho denunciations of ISAIAH and' the philosophical con- clusions of PLATO and ARISTOTLE. I What, thon, is this doctrino which is so old and yet' oven now so newt What is it ' 'that undorlioS sp many diverso forms of Government, and' is the j common condition of , the success of thom all ? What is 1 it that prophets have ravod about m words that burn, and tho most cautious philosophers havo seen to bo,essential to good Government-indoed , to any sort of Government worthy of the '.name Of mankind t Wo do not know that any one word in the language will express pre- cisely what is meant, or rather, wo'may say, many words havo been used to express the samo thing. At one timo love of country or'pntriotism was held to mean that quality which cauBod a man to saorifico himself for the place in whicb ho was bom, and the term included all sorts of noblo qualities upon which' tho Bafoty of States depends. Jn thoso days wo'have come to talk of public spirit, as meaning the doing of what is right, but*that docs not imply all that is meant. uWhi\t is, requisito is this, that thoro shall bo in oaoh community a suffi 'cient number of men rosolvod to do j on the whole, what is rightnnd best, to over- come tho tendency to foolishness which is visible in tho acts of the great body of tho pooplo. It is not mount, of courso, ¡that 'the body of the pooplo doliberatoly go ffropg, or. bring about tho ruin of States, but that they aro," necessarily, ,'únablo to I -geo beyoncl a very limited range.Iand. that the real-work hrost be'done'by'thoso who are more ^experienced, and who aro not swayed by tho momontafy aipoot of affairs. ? This is not a quostioniof forms.of Govern- ment. °"A despotism'maybe as foolish as aLropublio ; a restricted franchise may 'bo productive of r as absurd resulta as the' ,'oounting of the nosos of a'wholo poöpio ; a Legislature' may1 be as incapable whdn it is composed of fowl as'/whonj it 'is madoup'of many; for no forma can-bo successful without tho spirit which vivifies^ tand informs thom all., j I i ÏSVhot dp- wo require 1 > What is it wp, ijBuoarl Assuredly no^lpgislatiyo or govern- mental) wül-o'-tne-wiBp,,!«^ fanciful qua- lity; which poor human nature can scàrcoly bo oxpoctod,to,poBSotB. Ali that ia roquirod is, thatmen- thegreatbodyof tho manhood of each county-Bhall bo mtàoyto under- stand that lignest work is the 0BSontia]!of success. If this one fact is only fully and oflicieutly')reoogûisod5 made tho rule^of action, tho basis of public favour,jjtho foundation of political action, differences i of j, opinion"": will notr matter much.' There # can bo no real danger to ïh80Î'Stato °BO 3longr'-' at ftfioro ^is 'absolve-'to "do''right W sooiuasthe right is porcoived, and thora is no dosuVox oept td do tho best for tho community. i/EhiS, when fully, conBidored, will bo'found tcymoaa that wo sholl, recognise inlpublio lito what wo aro supposed to, and what to agreat extent wo do, recognise in private 'life, that ccrtain'sorts of'¿onduoTocclude 'mon from'coññdoncoj and friendship. If wo over'come to. hold, -as fnany communi- ties Rndr)portions pf communities have liëldj' that public life is not bound "by tho« samdJaws as private, tften^thero ia ruin at hand, and tho prophets mayvutter their 'warSingB 'in vàiriT -ilnl evéfyi community tho remnajit "possesses the pcrcoptiyo power and the,administrative ability, but the majority can" possosa the great moral, power, which- clings to right, [ which honours worth; which chooses tho,good and reject; ,the bad, and which thus hands, ovor tho tools at last, and in the' main to those who know how to use them. IT seems to us, as it will seem to all perrsons, acquainted with such works, that the City Council is proceeding somewhat too fast in the matter of the new .reservoir, at tho Cascadas. The special meeting held on Thursday last decided that tenders should be invited for tho work, in spite of the protests of. Aldermen Crisp and Hiddlestone, and tho absence of the Mayor and Alderman Crouch. Alder- man Gregory said, in a light-hearted sort of way, that the calling for tenders would not commit them to anything, which is really a very difficult utterance to understand, and is ono ' which, if published with the advertisements for tenders is enough to prevent any responsible persons caring to take trouble to master the details necessary to form an estimate of the piobable cost of the work. But, OB a matter of fact, the calling for tenders means the practical adoption of the 'plans and specifications as they now stand, and the important questions aro, havo they been properly checked, and are they sufficiently known to members of the Council? We believe that wo aro correct in saying that tho plans have never been checked at all ; and we aro euro that wo aro correct when we state that some mombors of the Connell have never seen them. With out desiring in tho least to disparage tho qualifications of Mr. James, we may say dev ^cidcdly that it yiH bo unwise, very raaK^ovon very foolish on tho part of tho Council to call for tenders until the plans and specifi- cations shall havo boen thoroughly checked, and proper steps shall havo' bren taken to ascertain all the probnblo difficulties to bo overcome. For axainplo,~wo bellevo that no trial shafts or bores havo been put down on tho sito of the proposed embankment, a simplo and ordinary précaution, without which thora is no knowing what the work may cost, or whether it will bo a SUCCOBS. Thousands on thousands of pounds wero wasted through the neglect of this precau- tion in the construction of the Gong Gong rcBorvoir at Ballarat, and one of tho biggest lawsuits evor heard in Vio toria was tho 'consequence. All prao tical oxporienco in the construction of reservoirs goes to prove that it is necossary to check tho plans mid specifi- cations, and that money spent to seoure tho doing of this efficiently > is always woll spont. Dozens of reservoirs have bcou swept in tho other Colonies, and especially in' Viotoria, through tho absenoo of these pre- cautions, aud it would ,bo | downright^foUy for tho City Counoil to rush into an expendi- ture of which at present it really doos not know the limit. There is scarcely an in- stance-we beliove that there is not ono-in which a reservoir of any size has boen con- structed at the estimated cost, and it is. therefore, absolutely essontial that the City Counoil should get all tho advice at ita command, and have everything complete boforo it calls for tenders.' This is the practical view of the matter, so and the Counoil will discover if it mak.es .enquiries in the proper quarter, so that <wo hope to seo tho voto of Thursday last rescinded and the necessary steps takeu'to' get all possible information and security from the dangor of mistakes being iinade., In fact, the resolu- tion to call for tenders is illegal, and not binding 'ou tho Council, í The Act requires that all quostions shall " bo done and de cidod by tho majority of members present at any meeting," so that'no member can be preiont without voting. In this instanoe, Alderman Watchorn, who was in tho chair, did not give MB deliberativo vote, and, con' scquently, there was one alderman who did not vote. This point was rocently decided at Launceston, so that it will1 be necessary i to go over the business again', whon wo may hopo that aldermen, warned by tho failures in tho past, here and elsewhere, will not act rashly in tho present. , i i INWARD P. AND O.' MAIL.-Tho following notice was reoeivcd at the telegraph ofilco 'from Melbourne/at 9 a.m. yesterday: " Assam arrived at QueansohfF at 11*10 p.m. Would reach bay about 1-15." The Tasma- nian portion ofjthe mails will be brought on by "tho s.s. Pateena, which is timed to j leave Molbourno for Launceston at 2 p.m. -to-day. CABLE NIWS,-Messages to hand this morning aro brief. Tho North of England cricketers havo turned tho tables on the Australian elovon'after thoir recent "victory at Cambridgo, having defeated thom in ono innings, with 22 runs to sparo. Reports of. tho English hop crop, now'maturing, state that moro rain is rcquirod than has Vat fallen. Tin in tho London market still n sh'ows a downward tendoncy,' boing now quoted! at £83 15s, por ton, The London wool market ia quiet. | EKOINEHUINO AGENT IN LONDON.-It will be raniombered that some time ago a Mr. Mcilbek, CK, of WostminBter-cbambors, was appointed by the Tasmanian Govern- ment as an agent in London to supervise all contracts lot in England for tho manufacturo of locomotives, and to inspect rolling-stock and other material required for the new lines of railway about to be constructed in tho colony. Tuo 'Government ihad good reasons at tho timo for selecting Mr. Meilbck to carry out tho work, but a direct testi- mony to his efficiency is containod in a report just issued by Mr. Henry C. Mais, C.E., Engiuoer-in-Chiof of South Australia, of observations on railways and cognate subjects, during a tour thiQugh the Continent, under tho direction of tho Government of that colony. Whilo dealing with tho working of'tho engiuoera' branch of the Agent Ganoral'a, department Mr. Mau says *.-" During my tour through tho varioua manufacturing districts and the Jargo -work- shops jin' the | midland'oOuntics and'else whero, In company1 with Mr. Moilbok, C E , of London, tho engineer entrusted with the supervision ajT_o<mtt«u!A ami j materials In dented from England, l.had abundant op- portunity of seeing how the work was being .performed. I -found, when visiting tha various manufactories' whero contracts were in progress, that the inspection was ¡very thorough, and was * porformed by'competent inspectors, who.* periodically, visited the works, and watched tho progress of the con- tracts. , Mr. .Moilbelc is a thoroughly of.j fioieut 'goiitloman/iporfoatly oorahotent to lUndertako any dirties of inspection j with whioh lie may bo entrusted, and ia enorgetic, aotive, and never tircd^of work. I consider the-1 Agent-General may be congratulated1 upon having secured the services of a gentle- man' who] as'a'matter of. duty, makes per- sonal inspection of'worka in haiid, and does not rologate this task to his assistant.',' THE GOVERNOR OV VICTORIA.-Thq Cork' Constitutional thc5tli ultsays :-"Sir fleury Brougham Loch,' K.C.B.. the now Goyernpr of Viotoria, has, ? we ,understand, 'engaged pissageafor himself,1 family, and suite/ to ( Hobart, in the Shaw, .¡SavlU'"and Albion1 Co.'s steamer Coptid/'éailing from Plymouth on tho 28th inst.'' (May). iThe Coptio will arrive hero about the. Oth July. This steamar isrof 4,307 tons7¡and han been advertised to 'leave London 24th'May, and! Plymouth 20th May, for Otago,1 Cauterbtiryland Welling- ton, calling herd on the way. 11 TASMANIAN-^ PUBLIC J LIBRARY. -The librarian has furnished us with tho follow! ' ing Jiflt.of ^additional works whioh havo been' received^ and which were, placed bn the library tables 'on Thursday" ':-Bimkeifs His tory'of Antiquity ; Mill's Histoiy of British India; Cities of Italy; Walks in Rome,, by Ai J.'C.'Hare j Momson's'History of Homo;, Sketches and Studies of India, byj J. A., "Symonds ¡""History of"AncIont~Goography, byE. H.íBtínburyj German Life and ¡Man nors, by H. Mallow ; Law nml,Custom'of Hindoo Castes.Jjy A. Steele ; MózleyJs'Law. Dictionary j Municipal and Sanitary1 En-1' -gineers'jBook, by H. l\,Buluois, CJí; Don John bl Austria; -PrlVato Life '¿f | Marie' Antoinette, by J. L. H. Campan ; Gulzott in 1'rivato' Life}' Life of 'Moscholles, ¡by ItíV wife ; Autobiography of Trollope ; Lifo of Gbethb, by Duntzor'; íiWált .Whitnrjan, by Bucko ; Memoirs of tho Duke of St. £imon ; 'Lives'of. the Princesses of Wales ; LifeOand Writings of Whittier; Tho OdySBoy of Homer, translated by Butcher and Lange ; Tho Iliad, by Lang, Loaf, and Myers ; Life "and Death of Jason, by W. Morris ; Earthly Paradise, by 'ditto ; Atlanta In' Calvdoñ, by A. G. Swinburn ; Bibliography of I Swin burn ; Italian Masters in German Galleries ; Outlines of German Literature ; Specimens of French Literature-'The Hibbert Lecturos, ,1883 ; London's Shrub» and Trees of Great I Britain--The Fertilisation of Flowers,, by Professor Muller ; FlowerB and their Pedi- grees, by Grant Allen ; Botany : Structural and Physiological, by R. Bentley ; Organi- sation and Valuation ¡of Forests,;'by L. -Maegreggor ; Elements of Embryology, by Forßtor and'Balfour; Practical Chemistry, by Harcourt and Madan ;' Kerl's Assayers' Manual ; Gould's Synopsis of tho Birds of Australia, and Handbook of tho Birds of Australia ; Wild Beasts of IadU, by G. P. Sanderson ; Manual of Taxi- dermy; British Mining, by R. Hunt, F.R.S.; Sandstones anil Marbles, by S, M. 'Burnham; Water Supply - Chemical and Sanitary j Enquiries into Human faculty, by l'rancis ualton ; lioay ana Will, by II. i Maudsloy ; Lange's líistory of Materialism, 2nd and 3rd vols.; On Musical Education and Vocal Culture, by A. B. Bach ; Tho Violin : Famous Makers and, their Imitators, by G. Hart ; With Lord Stratford in the Crimea, by J. H. Skeno; Narrative of the Boer War, by T. F. Carter ; A Visit to Ceylon, by E. Haekcll ; Siberian Pictures, Tho Court of the Tuileries, by Lady Jackson ; Court Lifo Below Stairs, by J. T. Molloy ; Nights at the Play, by Dutton Cook ; Living London, by) G. A. Sala ; Lan dor's Imaginary Conversations ; Works of CharleB Lambo ; Burko's Peerage, 1884 ; Songs Unsung, by L. Moona ; A Key to TennyBon's In Mcmoriam. BANK OF TASMANIA.-The 59th half-yoarly meeting of shareholders in the Bank of Tas- mania will bo held at Launceston on Thurs- day, 10th prox., at 12 o'clock, when a dividend will bo declared. LECTURE ON GARFIELD.-Mr. A. B. Mas ton is announced to doliver a lecture on " The Life and Times of the late President 'Garfield," in the Christians' Chapel, Har- rington-street, at 8 o'clock this evening. AnniVAL OP THE WESTMEATH.-Tho s.s. Westmeath nfrivod from London last evening with 121 nominated and assisted immigrants for this port, and about 200 first mid third class passengers ior tho other colonies. Tho general health on board has Iwcn very good during the passage There wero two deaths and two births. Tho health officer will visit the vessel this morning, nnd will mako his inspection, but as thora Is nut sickness on board, no delay will bo occasioned in the landing of passengers. The nominated immigrants, of whom til ft larger portion aro for Launceston, will be brought on shore immediately, and forwarded there. The assisted immigrants will bo taken to tho depot, which has boen préparai for their reception, and thoy will bo open for engagement there, after formal notification has boon given by tho Immi- gration Department. THE. Poniq PASSENGERS.-Dr. Turnloy (health officer), Mr. Propsting (superinten- dent of polico), and Mr. Innes, Custom-houso efficor/wentover to the quarantine station at Lindisfarne on Saturday morning last. The health officer, after a careful examina- tion of the passongers, granted thom pratique: The Custom-houso officer then inspected luggage, and found everything to his satisfaction. The passengers afterwards 'went on board the s.S. Result, and, togothor with their luggage, were (brought over to town, arriving at the wharf at 2*30 p.m. They wero, put to a great doal of trouble and inconvonionce in their ondcavours to obtain lodgings, peo'plo being somewhat foolishly, "prejudiced against them by reason ,of their recent détention at the quarantine station.' It was late in tho evening before they all obtained quarters. THE S.S.' DORIO.-Messrs. Macfarlane, Bros., and Co., have received a telegraphlo messago in reply to one despatched by them to AuoUand, that the s.s. Dorio, on arrival there irom Hobart, was only quarantined for 48 hours, and that only on account of there being measles on board. I , Pnosi'iioRisEn OATS.-In referonco to the various reports current as to the causo, or supposed cauBO, of the death of horses owned by tho Parsons family at Black Bruah, our Brighton correspondent has written as fol- lows :-"The eldor Parsons has called on me In roforenco to my letter in The Mercury, and asks me to eorreot the statcmont as to his having the oats in possession wlion ,the horses died. The animals have .boon dead about threo weeks or a month; and he states ho did not re ceivo tho Government stock of potsonod grain till about a fortnight since. ' Ile had, at the time of the poisoning, one tin of the stuff, but that was not opened till after tho horses died." We have learned from another sourco that the appointment of Robert Parsons as distributor of phospborlsod oats for the district was not made till tho 3rd Juno, and it was not till tho 7th June that the oats were forwarded to him from Hobart. ' THEATRE ROYAL.-TO night Mr. J. L. Hall's company will make their re-appear- ance at the Theatre Royal, and will produco a drama of the sensational typo, entitled The Flying Dutchman. It is a play in whioh -the scenic artist finds full scepo for his talents, and Mr. Robbins has availed himsblf of this opportunity to produce effects which In popular approbation aro likely (to win him fresh laurels. Apart from tho excellent scenia effects, the play, which is basod upon the well-known legondary tale of " The Flying Dutchman/' gives ample acopo for sensational and thrilling effects. Tho plot may be thus briefly pour trayod. The Flying Dutchman, ' other- wise Vauderdeeken, captain of the Phantom ship, is endowod with an enchanted life, every century, the conditions being that at Îieriodical intervals ho brings a young and ovely maldon to become the slave of Recaída, the evil spirit of tliq deep. But in order that the secrets of the deep may be kept inviolate, Rocaldacommandshim tobs dumb, andahould he speak the spell is broken, and ho is lost for over. The chief interest of tho play is centred on Vandcrdeckcn's endeavours to steal away LeBtello to become Rocalda's Vic- tim. He gains admittance to hor father's houso, having previously boarded a vessol in mid ocoau and gained the letter of iutro duotion of ona Von Bummel, the affianced husband of Lestollc, and is on the point of gaining her hand in the character of Von Bummol, but is foiled by the timely arrival of that individual himself. This compols Vauderdeeken to retreat. Lostello, however, docs not lovo Von Bummel, but one Lieutenant Mow-' drey, who has arraugod that sho shall elope with him, as lie cannot obtain her fathers consent to their marriage, Mowdrey arrives at the house at midnight, and succeeds in getting Lcstelle safely out of the IIOUBOI but Vandcrdeckcn, who is watching iiim, casts a spell over lier, and spirits her away from Mowdrey, and compols her to entor the Devil's Cave in order to sign Rocalda's Book of Fate.' Mowdrey, however, led on by Lcstollo's screams, follows in their» wake, and arrives in timo to save hor from! this dreadful fate." Vandordeckon and bo onsagein flKlit, and In tho excitement of the moment Vanderdeoken forgote himsolf, and breaks tho spell by speaking. Rooalda appears and claims her , bond, and Vandordeckon descends to sulphurous regions to appear no morp. , , /,,, i ? .,-!..( , TUE OLD ENOLYSUE FATBIS.-Tondors aro . invited, per advertisement appearing in inotliér,'cí)íu«nu', for.'thd 'rental 'of .¿JTofresh ment-robnV'at ,tho Exhibition-building In connection'with-the-Old Englysho FaJ-rd. It is also announcod that the opening of itlio Fayro will positively tako place on Monday next, and the publio'/'-aro n'enjoiued , to 'i"Watôhô"yp apd be .Faytbfull,'! ,in anticipa- tion bf/the/fúll programmé,' which willie announced jDp.Wednesday next. '*-' ,' 7. r CpNa^OATlONAL'-'ySij'í'DAY SCHOOL.*-Tho ceremony bf opening the new Congregational Sunday school; Harriiigton-strcot, , took place y cstor'day- afternoon. 'At tlio morning Bohool 'service reference,.was ,'madoj to- the subjooti and tliojiupils presented'their Biipór inten'dent, Mr. 0. E. Walch,' withj« 'chkh, accompanied by an illuminated adurpss,* ex- pressive d(jthqir sonse of bin kindnoss'-to ' wards thom and their esteem,', for^um.; ,--Tho nanjos"of, Miss Agnes Mcl'lieo and.',Mr.i -,W. flàwkins should Ko mont^onèd in'lcopnoo^ion with tho admirable .character of;1 thb j work douo. The Her. Geo. Clarke preached ¡in tile morning' in tho church 'building a serihpfi from the toxt Proverbs xix. 2. Li',the .afternoom the sobool was well.filled,'and thora, imistv have'been '.noarly 300 persons 'present, excliisivo'of. tho'chllarcn,-vv{id'"oc cupfed* teats' in 'tho' gallery.1 Tho service opened willi if.Uymn, followed by a prayer. This wássá'cecoaod by the reading of ¡a,'pas 'sage from the SoriptureV,'and-after ''another liyiiinhod boéu'sung tho Rov.'iMr.) Clarke and the BUpurfdtoüdcnt-delivered addrpsscs appropriate,to!tho oocaiion.rf'Aftod. tliq/cpl: flection, tho Hon; W< R. Giblin -inacjo a'/ow remarks,' ,,copgratu)ating'_ ,tho cl)ngVogation on tho successful completion of, .tlioir iwork, A_.1 i':..i^:_J.-r*l...^.4-, ti.3.-" 2.-lLJc ~lil.I that whan tho pupils, separate into ¿lasses, after having assembled' at' tfie ' preliminary services in the body:'of .tho'ihlll, thfc(girls shall occupy the^ gallery, the boya tho floor, and theyopngor children tho gallery |at ,the back. Each olass is to bo separated from its neighbour by i) movable screen, and everything seems to have been dono tp malic the building comfortable olid "to próvido ample ¡accommodation, 'while tile ¡acoustic proporties of tho hall itself aro excellent, Sinco the foundation stone was laid many of the children dave had collection bpxes, .and the contents of these, together with the amounts raised on Sunday, reached £04, exclusive of a £40 promissory noto. . The school, including tho land on which it has been built has cost about £4,000. A ,tea and public meeting, to commemorate tho opening of the new building, will beheld next Wed- nesday evening, i > MB/ BURNETT AT NEW TOWN.-On Fri- day ovening, ~20th inst., Mr. Matthew Burnott gave a socond' leoturo in tho Templars' Hall, at New Town. Tho Rev. Canon Mason presided. After devotional exorcises, tho Chairman, in his address, ex- pressed tho great sympathy ho folt for tho work in which Mr. Burnett was engaged, although he (Mr. Mason) was not himself a total abstainer. Mr. Burnett said the sub- ject ho would speak about would bo, "The Late Dr. Mitchell." Beforo commencing, howover, he would like to speak about another clergyman in the old country who was once a moderate drinker. He referred to Cinon Wilberforce, and told the uudieiice what had induced him to abstain. Be then procoedod with his subject, and delivered a most interesting address, and concluded with the hope that if there were any Dr. Mitchells in the nail that night they would como and sign the pledge. Ho resumed his Beat amidBt continued applause. Sixty-four EersonB signed tho plcdgo at the close,' ringing the number, together with tho previous night's result, up to nearly 100. CITY POLICE COURT.-Mr. Win. Tarleton, P.M., attended at the City Police Court on Saturday. George Miss, arrested on war- rant for not obeying a summons issued againBt Illili for being an absent servant, was discharged, as he signified his intention of going back to ilia work. An old woman named Margaret Clegg was charged with being drunk and incapable She was fined 5s., with the usual-alternative of seven days' imprisonment, I MAHONIO INSTALLATION.-A general moot- ing of the Tasmanian Union Lodge, 530, B.C., will he hold at tho Masonic Hall to- morrow (St. John's Day), at 7 o'dook p.m. Tho W.M. and his ofllcors will bo installed by the R. W. District Grand Master of Tasmania, B.C. y.M.C.A.-A members' buslnoss meeting of the Young Mon's Christian Association will be held this ovening, and Mr. Robt. Henry, jun.,'superintendent of telegraphs, will afterwards givo an illustrated lecture on " The Tclophono." AN INFLAMMATORY PUBLICATION.-The Argmol tho 10th hist. Bays-.-Some sensa- tion was occasioned in the Victiorlan Assem- bly on tho previous day by the circulation of a largo and flaring handbill, with tho heading, " 5,000 Unemployed in Mel- bourne?' Thoconteuts of the bill wore of a still more startling character. Such lines oc- curred as " Famine in our MidBt," " Men Prowling Ilka Wolves for Koort," " Children Huddling Tngothor Uko Vermin for Warmth," " Workmen Despised by the Pre- sent Coalition Government," "Boware of Sham Liberals," " So-called Christianity a Failure." These and other words wore printed in black letters on a red ground, so ? that the appoaranoo and tho sentiments of tho document were in unison. The handbill reached lion, members by post. Mr. Gaun-, son called attention to the circumstanco that no printer's namo was attaohod to the docu- ment, and that consequently ita publication Is a statutable offence. Mr. Berry said that he would look into tho matter, with a view of securing the punishment of tho offenders, PAVOURAHLK DitiTiBA. - A very pious ghost story, remarkable for the evidence o| dons« suporstitlon prevailing in China, ap* poured in a recent numbor of the Peking Oaxette, the official organ of the Chinese Government. No Isss than three eminent members of tho Chinese Pantheon are recomí mended for rewards-the god of wind, tho god of the rivar, and the god of war. It appears from tho roports of officers in chargo of til« Kanchiang section that a short timo ago tho waters ware very high, and only a tiaro thraad of embankment separat- ing tho rivor from th« lake. Tho situa- tion was one of groat dangar, when all at onco sovoral red lamps were seen distributed along tho embankment. At the same timo tho ourtainB in front of tho shrine of tho river god wero, drawn aside by In- visible moans. Whilo theso extraordinary Shenomena wero in progress tho gale sud only subsided and the waves went down. On th* following day another strong galo sprang up, but stopped in a quarter of an hour. Tho memorialists claim that the throo gods are entitled to Borne recognition of tholr Krotectivo influences, and tho Government as ordered special tablets, with offerings pf Thibetian incensó, to be supplied to tho temples of the gods of wind, of tho river and of war respectively, at the place whero tho pending calamity was avorted. i I , A NKW PKOJKOTILE.-The object and do. sign of an ingeniously-constructed UIÍBBIIO for saving life was recently exhibited at Dundeo by the Inventor, Mr. Gordon, as follows : It is obviously desirablo that when oommu nication by boat has to ha made between two ships at sea thora should bo moans'in rough weatherof produoinga linoof unbroken water from one to the other,, and as oil thrown on water" spreads equally in all directions, to windward, as to leeward, un loss carried by tides or currents,1 these sholls are * intended to onable suoh a temporary smoothness to be produced. (They may also be omployed in case of shipwreck,'it Is thought, either to make the approach'of a lifeboat more easy or to prevont the pea breaking over a strandod voasol. The sholl is a cylinder of about J in, thick iron, With a conical cap or lid, having an aperture through which oil can bo poured in. When morely filled with oil, of which it contains about throe quarters of a gallon, it looks like and will serve on shipboard for an ordinary oil can. At tho bottom a small chamber with a screw thread reçoives an explosivo charge of gun-powdor, which, being inclosed in motal, may bo 1 stored tn tho shin's magazino until required for uso. It can be screwed ¡uto place lu a few seconds. To make sure of tho shell bursting two fuBes are pro- vided, aud these aro ignited by the discharge of the powder in tho mortar, and will burn under water. ' i \ lt!T Wo havo boon requested by Mossrs. Gliddon and Wostbrook to draw tho atten tiouof purchasers to tho salo of 15 tubs primo potted imttcijfroma well known dairy, which takos placo attholr/mart THLS DAY, at 11 o'clock sharp.-[Advt»] ,' ' 