EOHOES OF MEL, BOURNE. (Br Tue GHOST.) July 26. The Budget debate has ended, and thus far one'source of the Treasurer's anxiety has been disposed of. But, Mr. Service, like the juvenile members of the ursine family, has still all his troubles before him, unless he accepts the friendly advice of some of his most faithful supporters, and the two hundred thousand pounds in the shape of a beer tax, wherewith they are anxious to increase the credit side of his balance. Now that his financial pro posals have been accepted,no loss of prestige or dignity will follow the concession, which, if the Press accurately reflects public opinion, will meet with universal support. Should the Government prove obstinate, and refuse to re-impose the duty so foolishly abandoned by Sir Bryan O'Loghlen, and also to abolish the obnoxious stock-tax, they will undoubtedly be taking the first step in their downward career. It is, however, hardly a State secret that when Mr. Service has ascer tained how the cat is likely to jump, he will be ready to execute a saltatory move ment in the direction of the majority, and it may therefore safely be prophesied that ere long a revision of the tariff will take place, and the impost established on the poor man's beer, and removed from his beef and mutton. And as an equivalent for the tax, which some farmers with Boaeotian simplicity, look upon as advan tageous to their interests, and desire to see continued, it is not improbable that the pioposition to remove the duty from portable steam.engines and agricultural machinery will be acceded to. It may perhaps be a little humiliating for a strong Ministry to have its policy dictated to itby its followers. But Mr. Service is before all things a Constitutionalist, and is it not a prime article in the belief of this class of politicians that it is the chief end of a Government to keep in office and not to govern P Feow persons having it in their power to dip their fingers in the public purse in the "free easy accesible manner" affected in the troublous times of Victorian history,by Mr. Service's present colleague in the re presentation of Castlemaine, would, as a rule, be found readfy to put their hands in their own pockets and subscribe towards any patriotic object. To the credit of the present Ministry, be it recorded, this hitherto inflexible dustorq has been broken through, and the members of the Govern ment lhave each subscribed £5 towiards alleviating the distress among the un employed. The amount is, it is true, not very large, when it is borne in mind that these generous givers draw salaries rang ing from £1500 to £2000 per annum. But it is.satisfactory to know that a precedent for Ministerial generosity, has been es tablished,and who knows but that the little trickle of charity may not, in time, develop into a broador stream P While we have been making a'good deal of what some persons still consider un necessary fuss about the probable letting loose in our midst of a few French recidi vistes, we have been very near an outbreak of convicts much nearer home. The good people of the suburb of Coburg, in which sylvan locality the gloomy walls of Pont ridge rear their blue stone front, have been half frightened out of their wits by a re port that the. model prison of the colony was in a total state of disorganisation as far as the officials.were concerned, but per fectly organised in regard to its criminal population, who had everything ready. planned for overpowering the warders and effecting. their own escape froni diuance vile. A preliminary enquiry has shown that although the fears expressed of the rising of the prisoners, were nob without foundation, the reports of the dangerous feeling among the convicts had been much exaggerated. Sobriety is not one of the virtues in much esteem in our principal penal establishment, and neither the Inspector-General nor his subordinates are believers in the doctrine of which Father Matthew was the first apostle. The first named oflicial has been accorded six months' leave of absence "on sick leave," at the expiration of which period it is understood M1r. Castieau will retire, and form one of a trio, consisting of himself, Colonel Champ, and Mr. George Oliphant Duncan, who, as erstwhile Inspectors-General of the Penal Department, will be in the receiptof super annuation pensions. Messrs. Champ and Duncan were both most capable men, and quite competent to perform their duties when called upon to retire. They were superseded during the evil days of the Berry regime. Their retirement has already cost the country some £10,000 in thoe shape of pensions, and has certainly not secured the success of the department. There is a rumour that one of them will be asked to resume duty. With a view of settling the vexed ques tion in regard to the disease which is now spreading with a somewhat alarming rapidity, it has gravely been proposed in Parliament, by one of the sapient repre sentatives of the people, to ".gazette" the epidemie as small- pox, and thus set the matter at rest. The Assembly will thus "decide, where doctors disagree." Mean while, upwards of thirty cases have been brought under the notice of the Central Board of Health, and the scourge, what ever be its name, is nowfairly acelimatised. The latest theory in regard to its origin has been propounded by Mr. Berry. It has come from India, the germs having been brought to us in the bales of muslin and the jute goods imported from Calcutta. Free trade is at the bottom of the whole thing. If we had never allowed the " foreigner" to compete with us in our markets, we should never have been sub jected to the risk of bringing 'disease to our shores in packages of soft goods. A strict protectionist policy would have saved Victoria from the chances of con tagion from abroad. The only ill that would, then have cursed us would have been the complaint known as "the . Berry blight." The civic authorities of Melbourne now feel as did Richard III., when that much maligned monarch was "himself again." They have been restored to their old posi tion, and now, in knee breeches, " clocked" stockings, robes of silk, and cocked hats, the aldermen strut proudly in front of the militia officers. At the Governor's last levee they asserted their regained privilege. and mustered in such force that a stranger to the proceedings taking place in Govern ment House might well have been pardoned on seeing the cab loads of municipal mag nates returning from paying their devoirs to her Majesty's representative had lie sat down the appearance of so many gen tlemen connected with "' the hotel busi-. ness" to .the occurrence of the annual City Licen sing Meeting. It is said that had not the concession to civic dignity been made, the uniforms of Victoria's gallant defenders would, at the fast approaching Mayor's ball, have been con spicuous by their absence. The speech in which Mr. Charles Young moved the second reading of the bill pro motedby the Scots Church has won over many adherents to the measure, which is now likely to receive much more general support in Parliament than was at one time anticipated. It was conclusively shown, by reference to official records, that the Collins-street property-the chief, if not the sole bone of contention-was originally vested in trustees, for the use and benefit of "the congre gation of the Scots Church," and as such belongs to them, and not, as alleged by their opponents, to "the Presby terian body." Every allusion made in the Assembly to the "cruel way in which the Rev. Charles Sterong had been hunted from the colony" was received with loud cheers, and the many disparaging remarks levelled at the Melbourne Presbytery, and the General Presbyterian Assembly, were received with marked manifestations of applause, which can hardly have been pleasant to the many reverend components of these two bodies who crowded the gallaries to witness the proceedings. Report has it that so little do the gentle men in the Legislature who have promised to oppose the bill relish the present out look, that they have resolved, if it should be deemed necessary, to shelve the mea sure by "stonewalling" it. Nothing definite has,however,yet been decided upon, and the future tactics of the friends of Messrs. 'Rentoul and Co. will very much depend upon the manner in which Mr. Harper's reply to Mr. Young is received by the House. To this complexion has the quarrel come at last I Mgmbers of Parliament, present and future, will owe a deep debt of gratitude to Mr. Mirams. Henceforth the chosen of the people are not, at levees hold by his Excellency, to rub shoulders with Tom, Dick, and Harry, of the common herd, but are to be furnished with cards of entree. The democratic instincts of the member for Collingwood rebelled at the thought that such persons as the Sergeant-at-Arms, and the Usher of the Black Red, should be privileged above the honourable gentlemen " whose servants they were." And ac cordingly Mr. Mirainms publicly announced that until a change was made lie should withhold the light of his countenance from the representative of her sovereign. Mr. Mirams's presentation to Sir Henry Loch on Wednesday is proof that the Premier had, according to promise, obtained the desired concession. The theatrical world-and, of course, his wife-have been able during the week to sup their full of scandal. Miss Edith PLonder-or rather Mrs. South-has left her liege lord, and become-p-ro tem.-Mrs. Harcourt Lee. The lady will be remem bered as lately one of the Montagu-Turner opera troupe, and the gentleman whom the fair delinquent has loved, not wisely, but too well, as the orchestral director of that company, The injured husband was just in time, on Wednesday, to see his wife steaming down thei river on board the Waihora, bound for New Zealand. Prior to taking her departure she addressed him a note wishing him "good luck." It has come in the shape of a good riddance. The various theatres have been well patronised during the week. "The School for Scandal" has proved a great attrae tion at the Princess, Sir Henry and Lady Loch attending one of the performances. At the Royal, the "Turn of the Tide" has given place to the "Lancashire Lass," and a party by the name of Johnson, in which Mr. Geville re-appears after an absence of twelve months from thei Melbourne stage, At the Opera House, Clark and Ryman', American Comedy Company make their first appearance to-night, in. " Sparks," while at the Bijou, " Pinafore" still holds the boards. The " Merry Thoughts" Company have gone to Geelong, where theycommence a week's season on Monday. July 21. 