MINING(IMEETJNGS. ExceMLoIon G.I~! U'ik ANy.--A special meet ing of the lharr.holdere"in the Excolslor G.M. Campu.y wan hald;yesterday: evening at the olirce of M\Ir. S nclair, Georgo-street. MIr: WV. P. Pike ocunpied the chair. 'The manager read the notice convening tho meeting,, and an apology from the Chairman of Direotrs, ivho was unable to attend.. It was resolved unani mously " That it is desirable, if practicable, to preserve the leasoes for another year, and in that vlow'the manager be directed to cbllect all calls by legal measures, if niecessary, and' after discharging all liabilities to pay the rent." The meeting then closed..: e WcILsoN G.lM. COMPANY.-A special moting of shareholders in the .nbove.named Company was held last evening in the Launoocton Stock Exchange, 'for the purpose of considering certain claime.for expenses in attending meet. inge in connection with the Hop'and Wilson G.M. Companies. " ' ' - Mr. W. Aikonhead, who occupied 'the chair, read the notice' convening : the' meooting," after which he stated that theiHope. Company,.when originally registered, had adopted?no rules, and aumehting Was called'ati obart to impart the necessary legality. - The Launceston and Alberton shareholdisra hold mectings, and ap. pointed 1Messrs. Madded and' Cuming to repro sent them at the HIbart meeting. The meeting held'li t flobart was foiind to be illegal,,and another meeting was called, 'to which' the samo delegates were sent down.i' Rules and regula? tions were formed, but as the Chairlnan left the: chair- another meeting had to be called to form the Wilson Company. Messrs. Caming,Mladden, and Aikdlhdiad were. uppoilited to attend on behalf of the"Alberton and Launceston sharo holdeir;ii'dhbhhimself lind bo-iask'ed to b? presnstil ltA 'tbho Launcestoi. imeeting it was agreed that the.-delegates' expenses should bii borne by the Wilson,Company, but at the same timethey, were guaranteed to be bjorne by tli6be present. The Company was foreried, and the expenses sent in for payment. The diractora passed X4'7s lid to' hisineolf, aid £5 to Meosrs. 'Ounming nnd'Mndden but 'refused to pay the charges of lMesrea. Madden and Cuining for the two previous mieetihigs of the Hope Prospecting Association,because they beolonged to the latter" Company, and not the, Wilson. 'At another meeting the question was brought up and tbo .ecounts passe'd, but at a following mooting, at which'the whole of thlAidirectors attended, itivasodecided that'the wholi''of the claims be osubmitted, to, 'specilt meeting of the share holders. i Mr. Coming said there was :2very little for him to add to the.conoise statement made by ,the chairman. .He, was appolited td go : to .Hobart, and hoe .was .astonished at the state the Hope .Company was in.' They had n'do deed of'aisdelation, and no cdash book. He teiht to Meesrs. Dobson aind Mitchell and war: 'told they could doriothing 'until the Company was procerly Iormed R He came' back and re. wported the disgraeful muddle he found things' in, It wasin the state: of a,prospecting asso' elationthat lhnd been in existence for only a few'month.s He had giveu full' value for the money, e. had claiined,, and had-charged nothing"for' hid timeno. It wris never intended' that a levy should be mtide upon:the ndrthern; shareholders for the' benoeit of the southern, and he was sorry that it shouldbe nedessaryj to nall a sneoinl meetine. n . 'ltI.Sholl said he had heard no reason givei for disallowing these expenses. All the share. holders were of opinion that but for the des; patch of those gentloinen the .Wilson Company' would not have been in the ?iosition it' was. It' seemed' ungrateful, and'the expenses should comolfrom the general body Iof the share bolders. The Chairnsin said thiey 'ad declined hbe oause,the first two trips had entirely.todo.with thHdoneo Coaspanya,'and it was' ot 'right' that tho oxpenee' should be thrown upon thoa-Wildon Company. .,.. . ,.'.Mr.' Shollasked if the; disallowance only ap; plied:to a part otlthe expenes':.:e . . The. Chairman-Yes., lr. Sholl--It l: then arranged by the Wilson! direetora to p?y stportid of the expenses ' "-Th'Clairmiain-It is left entirely 'to' the 'ihdnreholders lit ni publi' meetifg.' [ Air. Sholl-I submit it would be unreasonable to,oxpent-these gentlemen. to 'forego their ex penees ; none oftheir journeys were fruitless, and itwas by their action that the Wilson Co. wie formed:. I think' the 'hiroeholdre bshould pay. thoirexpenesp. AIIr.'Da'vie said who was to blamaoiu'i"th matter? Had Mr.' Cuming not been so'anxious'to pass through the ambount'climed by his own 'vote,' they would have disallowed the expenses. ,It,was allvery well for Mr. Coming to any that the horrid.Hope Company, should be iput oni a proper basts, but weas itnot true that ho (Mr. Cuuming) went to Hobart for the purpose of gettinh'the iamanagement of 'the Company him self? The Elope Company was certainly in a' disgracefulestate,'and he was surpri?ed.to'lnid it. nsoch astate; and had he known this, he' would, not have ao'bepted the position of director on it, -hbut . since he had beea ,on te directorate, lie had. rioedto do al in: is power to amend matters. -Tho Wilson Com pany had nothing whatbver to do with, this amount. ' It was nonatrous; if they wafited to send delogates to Hobart, they should put their haiids in their pockets. Whenit was known that Mr. Cuming ihd no ghost of aohbance for the 'iiinagement 'there was no' necessity for him to go to Hobart. It was desirable that Mr. Aikenheadld lould: go doýn, that-was quite ,a ::different tiing. He concluded by moving," That it.was not desirable that this Comnpany pay the expenses incurred by the delegates." Mr. Mace secorided the motion in a few, words. , Mr.f Hustori' moved as an amendment "That tboh acounts be paid." It waw all veory wail for: Moesrs. Davics and ýMase to tsil, but why should not the money be paid as passed by the Board . ir DaviCes-They- nwer not pasBoed by the ýBoard. ' .Mr. Heton continued-He did not .believe. in people working, for. nothing. The amounts. were passed by the dirsttors.. p Mr. Daviea--Hear, hear. , ei , bMr. Sholl scoided the amendmehit,- saying that no doubt it was owing to those gentlemen procedding to Hobart that the Wilson Coipany was formed.; . -' .'b.The manager readuthe minutes of the Board of Directori, from which; it -appearad- tbat' .h each was pasisd ; for MIessrs. Mladden and Ouming at one meeting, the claims presented being £15 by. Mr. Oming,' iuidil G a8s by Mr. Madden. The balance .was disallowed, as it was connected with. the Hope meetings. At another meeting,. Messra.: Aikenhead, -Cuming, ilidden, and Hudsori' being liresent,' the balance of the amniont was passed, iut at a subsoquent meeting of the directors, the pre vious minutes of the meeting' wre confirnied, except the accounts referred to;' . - e Mr.. Cuming said '? had not hurried his account through; but had: waited patiently for many weeks for his money. , Ho did not want to be the mantagr, bt if he, did, who: had a better righftthaI he ? , . Mr. Scott said, as a director present "when the claims':bf 'Mesrs. Oumning,'Aikenliead, and ,Madden were brouglit 'before the Bard, he knew'that the dirhtois were t unanimously of opinion that as the three wont to Hobart to assist in the formation of the oilsonirompany, their expenses should , bd paid as far as that trip alone was concerned. He,.however, con. .idered two delegateai were .sufficient, a third only adding to the expense. Meosers.'Aikenhead anA. Madden;would have been' ample. The Wilson Company shareholders had 'hthing to do with the Hope, they were twov distinct bodies. If the Hope Company did! not py;let them as sharelhlder put their ihnnds in their pookets and pay it. It was, right they should be paid, but not out of the Wilson Company's funds. - Afn .. in onnimante dinsnsaihn in -whinh lfossra. Davies, Guming, and others took p:rt, the Chairman put the amendment, which was enrrled, nine voting in favour and four against. A poll wra thbe demuanloi,'ddad Moaers. Sholl ddil Price wore dppointed scrutinrers.' 2 Mr. Collina objectedt t eo tl poll, and.nid if hoe had known he' could have got plenty of .proxieo. He thought it was a menan advantage to t?nko. He moved the meeting adjourn. Hi r., Davies rose to order, and objected to the innuendoos:of:Mr. Collins. Everything had been ;earried on in afair way. i Mr. Huston moved that a postponement bo made. The Chairman read the rules showing that the poll could be demanded and must proceed. STho ballet w'i then taken. There were 8024 shares reoreshted personally, and proxies put in for 11,749, but'a number of the latter were declared informal. The result of the oballot, 'was' 6953 ini favour :of the avnindment,,'and 412,546 against.. 'The amendment w·a therioore lost; and'the original motion was then put to the meeting. Another discussion ensued, the principal feature of which was a protest by Mr. Sholl against the expense of calling a speoial.meeting and an insinuation of personal feeling in the matter'against r. Davies. This; was warly repudiated' by Mr. Divlda, whot explaine at -he did: not appear on his own; behnlf alonobut as representing the whole of the southern' sliareholders. : The Chairman, however, pointed .out the' futility of wasting time in further discussion, and the motion was agreed to. A cordial vote of thanks toe. the 6hairi'mnn broughtf a long. and: tempestt?uca i 1dtidg to a,cloae . B-fore the, shareholdera separated it was resolved to recoup the expenses of the delegat;i ,by s?ubcription, and a number of those present ationce put their names down for.various amounts, Messrs. Young, Sh'oll, and Htiadon being appointed a committee to carry out the arrangements. TuE fountain of perpetual youth does not spring exclusively within the confines of classic: story. 'Its fresh and living waters flow to-day: from other well-lieads." Tho waitel' aid the debilitated have bit to'drink of Udolpho Wolfe's Schiedam` Aiomatic ,Sohnapps; and'soon tlheyi start to renewed vitality. It is the modern :revivifier, touching to elasticity and':stroengtlitho impaired in health and the suffersing with DErcLI?s.o?r Mi.-Nervous Weakness, Dyspepsia, Impotence, Sexual Debility, oured by.' `Wlls's Health Renewer./'At druggisti.. -Felton;, Grimwade, & C., Agents, Melbourne. ' STHE M1ARBHALL RELES FusN-A a niectinig df the. committee of the relief fund 'raised for the widow aiid children of the late Mr. Edmund Marslihll', ctor, held in. Melbouine 'last' we k .the oicounts pre sented 'shoived the gross receipts of the iiatinee performance weie £242 ls 3d. Tihe total amount now received amounts to bver £100. 'In addition to giving the use of tho' Theatre Royal, Messrs. Williamson, Garner, and Musgrove have contributed to the fund " £10 10s. Messrs. G. B. W. Lewis, H.R. Harwood, and J. R. Greville wpre eloeedd reoeivers and trustees of the fund, and'ivere appbinted under a deed by Mrs. Edmud' Marshall. . 