JACK FLYNN'S STORY. ? . ? ? « — . — By R. P. WHITWORT-H. , ~ ? r~*~ — ~- ' I don't know,' aaid Jack Flynn, slowly, aa ho thoughtfully pressed the tobacco down into hia pipe with tho ond of a blaok horny fingor, ' I do not know that I do know muoh of a yarn, not to call it a yarn, seem' aa how opinnin' yarna is a lino of buaineaB aa I'vo never paid muoh attontion to, but if 1/01: don't mind, why I don't mind, tolling you about tho biggoat fright I nver got in my'lifo. But before I begin I want to know doea any of you ohapa bolievo in sperrita ? I don't mean sperrita to drink, 'cos I know moat on you does that, but I do mean roal right down aporrita of dead poople, ghosts, you know. ', The men looked uneasily at eaoh other, hut no one apoko. ''Very well,' Jaok oontinuad, 'then I'll aay as you don't or you do, as tho oaso may be. - 1 don't, leastways, I didn't until— but that's the yarn.: . Moat on you knows tho Maneroo plain?. I mean that pact of tho Maneroo about the Snowy River and there abouta.'.' ? There waa a general murmur of aaaont, and Jack went on : ' I was dawn there in sixty-two, a kind of knook-about-man on old Allen's station, and ft rough time I had of it in them ilaya, you may bot. Just about then, you nifty romem ber, tho Araluon diggings, away up to tho north'ard, woro giving out, and tho number of isvvagmen wo had making thoir way over to Gippsland iras ft oaution to anakos. Of oourso thoro woro some good men among 'oiu ; but, taken altogether, them Araluon diggers — Ica3twaya, thoeo of 'em who came our way — woro just about tho worst lot I ever sot oyoB on. Thoy aeomed to ma to ba the very awoopinga of Auatralia. Sponge and oadgo of oourao thoy did, and you couldn't muoh blatuo men who wero right down on tho bod rock for that; but steal, by goahl they wero tho biggost thieves unhung. No thing camo amiss to 'em. Nothing was too hot or too heavy; and I toll you, it needed you to keep your eyea skinned when any of 'em woro round; and, aa somo of 'em gene rally wero round ; we'd n lively tiino of it, you may guess. Well;- ono day, juat boforo aundown, I was standing talking to Andy Carr; the men'a cook, when we aaw, coming over tha rise, two ewagmon. Of course, wo thought they wore coming down to aak. to atop in tho huta for tho night, aa uaual; but, tp my -surprise, whan thoy saw us, thoy turnod off from the track into a little patoh of scrub, and there they camped. At ' tho distance when they turnod ft way, wo could neither of us raakq 'em out very distinctly ; but I had aharp eyea in them daya, and I could see that ona of 'em waa a little blaok-a-vised chap, jwith a moiiBtaoho- and a, goatee beard; tho other was younger, a'ndTiad light hairtond no beard. I couldn't tell why, but it aeemed to .me that .ho turned pole, liko 'when ho caught jaight of us, and that tho other spoko to him sharply;' then, as- 1 said, they turned off Bharp into tho buah.' . ', ' ' I don't half like the looka ot those lohapa,' said I to Andy ; ' it lqoka to mo aa if they were after, no good.1 ' ' . '. ' Well, mate,' saya Andy, laughing, ' they won't find muoh to collar here ; the last lot nearly oloaned ua out, but I'll kodp a bright lookout,' ''But they didn't trouble ua. They mado afiro, boilod their billy, and when I loft tho hut thoy had, ao far aa wo could aeo, wrapped thamaelves up in their blunketa, and gono to aleep. I Btartcd away for tho house, aa I used to hunk in tho kitchon ; but aomehow I couldn't got thom chapa out 0' my mind.. When I got to the houao'I told Mr. Bell, tho super., but he laughed at mo, and told mo to go to bed, So I did, but I couldn't sleep. ' I'll have a peep at them ohaps if I die for it,' aaya I to myself; ao up I gets, puts on my clothe?, andslina out. It was, half. moon, and from where I atood oni a bit of a riae I oould seo tho gleam of their fire through' tho treea. I dodged round tho baok, of the houso into a belt of Hcrubj and crossing tho track behind tho riso, got into tho bush on the other sido. After that itwas easy enough — I aoon reached the patch of sorub where they wero camped. I waa too tar off to hear what they aaid very plainly, for they woio talking ; but I heard ono call tho other a fool, and it seamed to mo tho othor waa crying. I listened, but could only mako out something like ' double baok— ' cross traok.' Tho ono who waa talking had a rough harah voioo that I fancied I'd hoard before somewhere, but oouldn't tell where. At any rate thinka I, 'I'll know it again wherever I hear it,' and away I stole baok to bed. .....: 'Next morning I was down at the oook's' hut, and chero, sure enough, tho two men wero atill at their oamp having breakfast. By- and-bye theyipaoked up their swags, and passing the hut at a littlo distance, wont off along the South road. I tried to got a better look at 'em, but-theyld both got their. billy- oooka pullod low down, and I oouldn't bco muoh of 'em. I did boo, however, that tho! young fellow looked uneasy, and aB if he waa trembling with fright. . . ' 'IftliQso two blokes ain't been up to something, or aro going to be up to some thing, I'm a Dutchman,' said I to Andy Oorr, but ho only laughed in hia quiet way, and said I waa always a findin' out go mo mare's neat or other. ' I said nothing, but took a quiet walk to whore the men had oampec!. There waa nothing there but tho aahoa of tho Dro, and I turned away, wondering what mado me so dubious about them. Hallo 1 what waa that lying under the graBs tussock . thoro ? A knife, a common wooden-handled aailora* aheath knifo. I pickod it up, and examined it- Nothing particular, except that it had tho two lattora J.S. roughly out into the haft, and that, tho point wa9 broken off. Lord 1 mates, of what little things tho big things.of thia world are mado up. I was nearly throw ing it down again aa worthkBB, and if I had — whew 1 ? . , ? i 'Later that day came another party of swagmen from tho North. , They called at the hut, and enquired if wo had scon a party of three paaa lately. They, wore ourpriaed when wo told them about the' two men wo had Been, and atill more surprised when I described them,' and ahowed, them tho knifo I had found. . ' . ''That's Joe Steel's knifo,' said ono of them. ' I know it well. I had it in ray hand only three or four days) sinoo, outting up tobaooo. But tho point waan't brokon off thon, ao far nn I rcoplloot. But whoro thp deuoo has Phil. Dovino got to ? Ho atarted with thom, or was to do, anyway 1 Tho Hwagmon . wont on their way, and I kept tho knife, why I hardly know, but I did, and in tho business of tho station tho matter almost passed out out of my mind. Almost. But that samo night a curious thing hap pened. Standing on tho verandah, I thought I saw a ficuro suddenly dart aoroas tho road from below the hut, into tho thick norub. I don't know what posseased ma, but I followed loiauroly in thb direction of the last night's oamp. I could boo nothing, hear nothing, and on reaching tho oamp I was about to go baok, fanoying my oyen had deceived me. Nothing, did I aay ? But, by George, thoro waa something. Somebody had boon there before mo. Tho aehea of the firo had beon raked up, and nlill boro tho maika of tha aoratohing of human fingers. I atood Btill and listened. Not a Bound, not cvon tha falling of a leaf. I coooyed. No answer. 1 flearohed tho buahoa, but oould find no trace, even of a trodden tusoookor a brokon branch. All waa still, Bilont aa death. ' Now oomeB the Btrango part of my story, and those who don't beliovo it can— do tho other thing. For my part, I Bay and awoar that it ia true, unmistakably, literally, true, every word of it. ' About a week nftor I had found tho knifo, and by thia time I bad noarly forgotten all about tha. whole affair, I waa aont out to find out tho camp of a mob of stray cattle that had not been aeon for some days. I mounted my brown maro Josa, took with mo a sharp littlo collio slut that I had trained to trnok cattle, and away I started. I-Airat I want couth, but could find no traco ; then I struck off for tho wostwftrd, and after hours of sorambling up and down tho rugged epura and gullioa of that rough country, was fain to givo it up in that direction. Keoping northward along tho foot of the rnngo, I Boon found myeolf in a part of the country of whioh I knew next to nothing. It was a wild, scrubby pla.ee, tho last in whioh to find a cattle oamp, and yet I persevered. I know thaee wero a valuable lot, and aa I had often Baid that with my dog I could hunt tho beg gara out anywhero, I folt my reputation at stake, nnd determined to find tho beasts, ev6n if I had to camp out for it. Hardly heeding where I wont, I travailed on unr.il nightfall, but, ao I know the moon, which was now in hor third quarter, would rise Boon, I kept on my routo.. After a time I got myself, I know not how, into a thiok tanglo of low sorub and open foreot, whioh seemed to stretoh on for miles. I wftB na ono in a dream, and rodo slowly forward, almoat unconscious of where I was going. Tho moon had risen, and her pale light allowed me at a littlo distance a clump of thiok timber, and into this I rode boldly. Thon, and not till then, I realised that I did. not know whoro I waa, that, in foot, I was bushed, and to mako mattors woree, whilst I waa in tho very thiok of it, a cloud suddonly covered tho moon. Still I roda a littlo further, until right in the very heart of tho forest I camo to a awamp. Go ing back waa usoless ; going forward impoa sible ; bo I leisurely took off tho saddle and prepared to camp. To my aatonishment my maro was bathed in a foam of perspiration, and waa trombling in every limb liko an aapen loaf. Just thon, too, my dog, whioh I noticed had orouohed cloao to my feet when I dis mounted, let out a long, dismal, unearthly hovfl, tho liko of whioh I had never hoard be fore, and whioh seomed to echo and re-echo through thobuHh. I felt ft queer sensation of awo and terror creep over me, my hair stif fened on my head, and I could feel my heart knookiug against my ribs at a fearful rata. ' What was it ? What was it ? I appeared to be in a dismal black pit, Burroundod by a ring. of grinning, gibing akoletona. I know these wero but tha white ateins of tho awamp guma, and yet I waa afraid oven to look round, for fear I Bhould boo aomothing that Bhould blaat my very eyeballs. My horso wao trembling more violently than ever, and my dog, still orouched at my feet, howled long and loud, and moro dismally than boforo. I seemed to bo gifted with a second senao of eight, for although tho moon was still clouded, I could Bee everything boforo mo, tho black reedy swamp, tho white gums, tho waving treo tops beyond. Everything. 'A third time the dog howled, and this time so wildly, so weirdly, that I felt aa if I should sink into tho ground with horror. But what waa that. Wa3 it faot or waa it fanoy ? I dared not look, and yot I could neither turn my head nor close my eyqa. 'lThero, right bofore me, not twenty yards away, I saw, as it were, a mist slowly rise from the stagnant swamp ; slowly ii grow on my sight, slowly it formed itsolf into a pal pable ahapo, tho figure ef a human boing, of a man, palo of face, but with a long brown board awooping over its breast, tho breast on whioh waa a dark lurid mark from which welled a red Btream. Slowly, oh, ao slowly, ita foaturoa becamo clearer and clearer, until they woro burned into my very brain. Slowly it lifted its hand, and then with a curious waving oiroular motion, pointed downward to tho apot on whioh it seemed to atand, and thon aa slowly as it had grown into Bight and form, molted away, first into mist, thon into impalpable air. ' Not until it had vanished oould I inovo. Not a atep. Not n movement of ft limb. But when it had gono, tho spell wna broken. I uttered a scream, and lied tho acourscd spot, I know nor reokod not whither. All I know is that I fled, fled, until I fell down from sheor exhaustion, and became insensible. ? ' When I oamo to myself I found myaolf in my own bunk. Thoy told mo thoy had missed me from tho station, had Kent out all hands to search for me, and had found mo about a couplo of miles north of tho house, lying near an old forgotten track into tho back country a quarter of a mile from tho road. That I had had a severe attack of brain fever, in . whioh I had raved wildly about tho spirit in tho awamp, but that they oould mako neither head nor tail of what I meant. My horso had been found standing over mo where they sup posed I had fallen from hia back, and it was through tho howling and yelping of my dog that thoy had boen guided to whero I lay. 'And now,' eaid Jaok Flynn, 'after thftt do you believe in ghosts ? No 1 Very woll then, I'll tell you tho finish. As I'm ft living man, whether it was brain fover or not, or whethor I dreamt it or not, tho akoloton of a man waB afterwards found in that very swamp, and stuok hard and fast into tho breaat-bono waa a bit of steel whioh oxaotly fitted the brokon point of tha knifo I had in my poBSOBsion. Through tho fow words I had heard let drop about doubling baok and crosB traok, I had been able to lay tho police on tho man BUBpooted, and to out the story abort, ho waa hanged at Darlinghurst on tho sworn testimony of myself and others who knew him better than I did. His mate, who waa 11 faint-hearted, soft-headed sort of a chap after all, turned Queen's ovidonco to save hia neck, and what- became of him I don't romombor. They called it brain fovor ; you boys may call it what you liko. I call it a true story of a honajkle ghoat. _A ftovEii ia boing written in England by nine differont persons, tho objeot being to give individuality to eaoh oharaoter. It is ptatod on oompotent Frenoh authority that Irish women have tho moBt beautiful hands in tho world. The next prettiest eome from Poland. . ' Tnn ntunioipal schools in Paris aro now visited regularly twice a month by medical inspectors, who are also required to attend in urgont cases. It is hoped by thoso means to limit tho spread of contagjpUB diaoasea. Thoro are 120 of these d'ootors, atad thoy reooivt) 8160 a year oaoh. 