Charlie Leicester's Last New Tear's Eve, By Essem. Well, if I said that Charlie Leicester ?was a model to be copied fay the members of the Young Men's Chris tian Association, I should probably hare to answer to my own conscience for drawing the longbow a little too much, but, in spite of certain piccadilloes, he was not & had fellow at heart, although his mother in-law and sundry of her acquaintances professed to hold up their pious hands — ir anyhands are pious — atsome of the reported proceedings of poor Charlie. Marrying early in lif e, before his bones were well set, or his character for good or ill half developed, it is scarcely to be -wondered at that he felt the restraint of the supposed necessity for becoming at once a domesticated pater familum. Albeit his wife -was a good little woman who did her best to retain her hus band's love and make home pleasant and attactive. And here permit me to become dis cursive. Mothers-in-law have much to answer for, and so have wives, indeed I think the latter are more to blame than the former. Woman was created for domesti city, notwithstanding Air. Honcure Con way's assertion that Adam's first wife was the foundress of the original ? Bights of Wo men Association/ and raanwasoriginallyin tended to be the breadwinner. Now there are several forms of bread winning, and Charlie Leicester] a form of it was o£ the Bohemian order — in fact, he wasaBohemian of the press ; and in order to beableto write articles which would please the public, or, which was far more important to him, please the editors and proprietors of magazines and newspapers, ihe found it necessary to rub his brains against those of his confreres who possessed any. This process of frictional cerebral development is sometimes performed on the arid, or Desert of Sahara, principle ; but this system seldom produces those sparks which illumi nate the pages of readable journal in any appreciable degree, and Charles Leicester abhorred a vacuum, even if he had produced it himself at the expense of his friends or his own by emptying the bottles containing fermented and spirituous liquors dispensed by the obliging landlords of various hoBtelries. This being the case, it is not to be wondered at that sometimes there was a certain want of luxuries at Myrtle Villa, the house in which he resided. Many a night when Charlie came home in the small hours did Mrs. Leicester silently deplore the fast habits of her husband; but as he was always kind and gentle, and as she was possessed of more than the average amount of womanly tact, she wisely refrained from upbraiding him for his little lapses in the direction of inebriety. As time wore on little ones cams to brighten the humble home— for humble it was — and besides to increase expenses and anxieties ; but Charlie was industrious, not withstanding Ms gay and festive life away from home, and by hook or by crook he managed to make both ends meet, butchers and bakers were paid, as well as milliners and dressmakers. How the taiior got on we have nothing to do with at present, but a time was at hand when the sunshine of the early dajs was to be clouded by the appearance of one whose tuunmre certainly did not warrant the assumption that she was a species of social Nemesis. This ' party' made her appearance with a company of opera bouffe 'artistes' — sare the mark ! — and was possessed not only of a certain amount of beauty of face and figure, but also of a very large' amount of talent, which she had not learnt to make use of in a legitimate manner on the stage, but which she used to very good purposes off it. Ih fact, she was an accomplished actress who would, have made a fortune had she used her talents in a legitimate manner, and I am not so sure that she did not do very well by using them in an illegiti mate way. FJo Maxwell, as she was billed, was the daughter oJ a ccratermonger whose habitat Wits somewhere in the neighborhood of th9 New Cut, a classic quarter in London,_ of ?which we have bo prototype in Adelaide, unless we instance Bundle-street on Sunday evenings. The costermonger, whose name was Jones, had become enamoured or Flo's mother atCroydonFair, where she performed at Bichardson'eShow, a comprehensive establishment which used to visit all the fairs and small race meetings in Englandsome years ago, and in which the admiring public could hear and see a ' tiagedy, comedy, comic song, and a panto mine for only sixpence ! Walk up ladies and gentlemen! All in to begin, and only six pence r Twenty minutes was the time allowed by the mythical Mr. Richardson for the perfor mance, and during that limited period, Flo's mother, at that time named Sarah Snooks, went through the pans of Lady Teazle, a ghost, Lady Macbeth, a witch, a policeman, and columbine. Mr. J ones seeing, so doubt, not only the litheness of limb of Sarah, but also a certain amount of endurance, made up his mind to secure a machine which would hist longer and do more than most mechanically constructed articles. He therefore, being somewhat in funds inconsequence of a successful welsh ing expedition, in which he took the part of bully to the welsher who employed him, followed Sarah from fair to fair, probably., picking up on bis way a few solid crumbs of flie thimble-rig and three-card calibre. Sarah at first was coy, as many ladies of her profession profess to be, but the importunity of Lothario Jones at bet overcame her reluctant hesitancy, and tha Snookscum Jones conspiracy was unfait accompli, bat not, he it knows, at toe instance of a Mudge ; oh, no, they were perfectly satis fied with a broomstictand the blessing of a Tillage blacksmith. Ana here let me interpolate that I have known many so-called marriages turn out far more happily and far more virtuously than plenty which I have witnessed cele brated at St. George's, Hanover-square, and other fashionable' temples of hymen. ' The tying of the knot by a licensed parson does not appear to me to have any effect in a lessening degree upon the business of the divorce courts, and however much we may deplore the backslidings of many poor people in this respect, we cannot but admire the constancy and fidelity of many a wretched woman whose lord and master punishes her for her sin in this respect by abuse and blows. Ah, good reader] if we could look behind the curtain of many a supposed respectable home we should see that which should teach us not to be too censorious with, reference to the little lapses of frail humanity, supposing woman, to be as frail as Shakespeare says — which I, for one, beg leave to doubt. Miss Snooks had, I admit, been indiscreet ; but who has not? And when I tell you that the indiecietion was brought about by a noble lord, perhaps you may have some bowels of compassion for her and admit that the glamor of nobility may dazzle the eyes of better born girls than poor Sarah Snooks. But so it happened, that Flo was bom some five months after the Jonescum Sccoks conspiracy began, and Mr. Jones, although cot feeling1 llie slight £o acutely as the members of the Social Purity Society might profess to do, still looked upon the new comer's appearance in the light of an ercToachment upon the beneficial effects of a broomstick and the {esthetic accolade of Ihe blacksmith's tongs. Being a philosopher, however, phre Jones took. things as they do sometimes take them in the New Cut, as well as in Belgravia, I'imlioo, and elsewhere, not to mention higher spheres in the neigh borhood of tiie junction of St.James's-atrest and Pall Mall. Sarah was forgiven, the peer was blackmailed, and Flo as she grew up was educated, not only in New Cut and Richardson's Show ethics, but also in the higher attributes of feminine accomplish ments, go much so that she, very early in life, cut the New Cat and her f a3t-ageing mother, and engaged herself as a coryphee at the Lyceum, ~ under the questionable management of a well-known directress. As time wore on Flo Maxwell made her mark in that inexhaustible field for female labor — comic opera. Inheriting not only the attractive beauty of her mother in all respects, but also the aristocratic lineaments of her father the earl, she very soon mounted the ladder rung by rung, and it she had only inheritedher poor mother's con stancy of purpose 'for the one error of her life was never repeated and of ttimes lamented.' Flo Maxwell might have been ihe queen of opera bouffe the wide world over ; but that was not to he. With aristocratic attributes she inherited the vices which soil the purple and fine linen of many of out royal and noble several seasons in London and the provincial cities of England, and a tour through America, Flo Maxwell came to Ade laide ; and now I can go on with my story about Charlie Leicester. Of course I do not suppose that many of my readers know the little games which are played behind the scenes of Bohemian society — and that society includes a very large section of the population of Adelaide; and I am quite sure I am not going to describe them ; possibly if I were to do so many a hair would erect itself like ' the equills of a dreadful porcupine.' This is howitwas, however, with Charlie, Engaged to do certain things for the daily newspapers and ephemeral weeklies, he found that it was necessary to plunge into other channels of literary floods, and what more amusing than altering the libretto of comic opera and suggesting 'local hits.' Here was a congenial field for talente like his, and he took the plunge accordingly. The pay was not verv good, certainly, and after a bit he found that^little suppers and corresponding champagne'swallowed up his earnings in this respect and ran away with some that should have paid for home comforts and necessaries. Once in the swim, however, he found a difficulty in getting out of it ; and eo it was that when Flo Max well came to Adelaide he became acquainted with her in the usual free-and-easy style of people behind the scenes. The acquaintance once commenced soon lipened into the questionable friendship which might have been expected. Both were good-looking, bath were clever, and probably the lady more so than her admirer. And so things went on. Poor Mary Leicester, not dreaming of the truth, endeavored to do her duty to her children, and although she saw the absent look and pre-engaged manner of her erratic husband, she set it down to a genuine anxiety on account of the poor menage he was able to provide at home. And fio things went on. Wendt and Steiner supplied jewellery, other firms pro vided sealskin jackets and other little extras for Flo Maxwell, but the amounts of the cost were put down to Charlie Leicester, until they became a little beyond what the tradesmen considered themselves justified in crediting to a Bohemias of the press. The time was rapidly approaching when the maelstrom of debt would swallow up the clouds of credit belonging to Charlie Leicester. One by one, he tired out his friends in the way of small loans, one by one they fell away from him, knowing as they did full well the reason of hiswant of cash, and so by degrees he found himself at the end of Flo Maxwell's season unable to raise a pound to carry on the illicit pleasure which had blinded him lately to domestic wants and comforts. It so happened that Miss Maxwell's season closed at Christmas, and she was to take her departure by the steamer which lrfti im N«w Ynar'a Eve. This was wall known, of course, to Charlie, and the woman bad led him to believe that he was welcome to accompany her in the capacity of ' agent.' No agreement had been signed by either, and of course no arrangement made about passages or luggage. Day after day Leicester went home moody and absent-minded ; day after day his icother-in-law dinned into her daughter's ears the fact that her husband was not worthy of her, and day after day Mary Leicester became thinner end more ghastly in appearance. Young still, she looked with hollow cheeks an3 lack- lustre eyes anything but the * jolly girl' who had married five short yeaTS since. Another bab; was expected, and had it not been for the stern old mother-in-law things ?would have been very bad at Myrtle ViUa. Yet there was time to avert anything like a calamity if only that stern old lady had taken a back seat. Many a wistful look did Mary cast upon her husband, many a secret glance did he take at her wasted features, and yet no words were spoken. The wife's lips were sealed by the suggestions of her mother, the husband's by his knowledge of his un worthine&s.; Ah.! if we could all know each other's thoughts how much better we should get on, for I do not believe that speech is intended to conceal our thoughts any more than I believe a mask on the face can hide our legs. Christmas Day was a -sad one at Myrtle Villa. There had been no Christmas tree f or the little ones overnight, and the dinner piovided was partaken of only by the children and the servant girl, for Mary Leicester was not equal to the occasion, and Charlie was dancing attendance upon Flo Maxwell and enjoying her hospitality at the 'World.' Poor devil! this female Nemesis was hovering over him with a sword of fire and h.6 did sot know it. The fascination of the woman had blinded him to the lightning flash of retribntion which would soon strike a balance between love and honor. And so the time went on — not a word of reproach from the wife when the husband appeared late on Boxing Day ; and when the children clung- to his knees and begged for a kiss and their Christmas, boxes, who . can fathom the depth of misery snd despair in poor Charlie's heart F Not a shuling to give his wife, not a chance to earn one now, every hope gone, every prospect shattered ! It was a relief when the other Nemesis entered the room in the ebspe of the mother-in-law and opened fire. \- Come here, Mary,' said Charlie, 'into the bedroom for a moment.' The wife rose with difficulty and followed him. ' Mary,' said he, ? I know I am. a scoundrel, but 111 try and put things right. Don't think too much about the past, my girl. Kisarce. I must go and earn some money. God bleea you, darling 1' ' Don't go, Charlie,' was the reply, 'stay here to-night, we will talk of money to morrow. Mamma speaks only for our good. Please, Charlie, stay.' How can the glamor of a harlot's smiles blind a man in antagonism to the heart of an honest woman. Oh ! God, why are women born to woik out ruin and others to bear their cross with the patience of the angels ? In less than nve minutes Charlie Leicester had passionately kissed his wife and children and left the house for good or ill. Poor Mary, wearied with long watching, and worried with contending feelings, was very soon prostrate and needing all the care of her injudicious mother. Charlie proceeded at once to the ' World,' where his credit was still good, and there drowned the remorse which he could not but feel, even in his cups. The days wore on and New Year's Ere arrived. Flo Maxwell was still kind, and Charlie Leicester continued in a state of t statement caused by a continued debauch. True he had written a few fugitive sketches and requested the proprietors of the journals in which they appeared to send the proceeds to his wife, but he never ones went home ?during these days. At last the crisis came. Charlie in these latter days had thought little of the necessity of providing for his trio to Mel bourne, and fully expected that bis absence of lugeage,excepiangaGladstonebag, would he so oar to his accepting the position of Miss Maxwell's agent, but he was to be rudely disenchanted. This disenchantment took place at Port Adelaide, just prior to the departure of the steamer, when having sees his enchantress on board and down below, he was accosted by a shabby genteel individual who requested him to come ashore, as he had a warrant for his arrest ae an absconding debtor. Of coarse Chatlie had nothing to do but to comply, as the Teasel was on the point of warping from the wharf. So soon, however, as the steamer had '? cleared, the shabby genteel individual said — 'Come and have a drink, Mr. Leicester, I ain't going to be 'ard.' Charlie, crushed and beaten, accompanied his captor to the nearest public-house, where the latter gave him a letter. Opening this, Charlie found it to contain a short note from Flo Maxwell, deploring the necessity of severing the connection and containing notes to the amount of £25. To describe the poor fellow's feelings would be impossible, but his immediate proceedings were simply these : — Going to the door fie tore the notes into shreds and let them blow where they listed (much to the disgust of the shabby individual), then he went to the bar, and with the remaining silver in his possession he drank glass after glass of pale brandy. As night approached, the last night of the old year, he found himself again with out a copper or the means of going to town by train. Nothing daunted and three parts drunk, notwithstanding the excitement, he started to walk to town. The Post-Office clock was chiming the three-quarters past eleven as he approached Mjrtle Villa. \- Going round the back way he entered the cottage stealthily, and peeping in to his wife's room he saw a sight which sickened him ; two doctors and two women standing around the bed, and she, the true com panion, lying apparently dead. 'Too late, too late!' he thought, and lushed from the house to end a wretched life in the Torrens or elsewhere. But fate willed it otherwise; catching his foot on an opportune log of wood he fell prone to the ground, and was so found, insensible, at daylight by the nurse. Suffice it now to say that neither husband nor wife died, that the husband saw the error of his ways, and his mother-in-law of hers. This, recollect, was Charlie Leicester's last New Year's Eve, not the present one, and he is now a better and a wiser man. He has come to the conclusion that syrens of the opera bouffe persuasion are not always so angelic as they appear on the stage, in the green-room, or at the supper table, and although he still admires them at a respectful distance— second row in the stalls — through his binocular, which, by the-way, Mrs. Leicester thinks an un necessary incumbrance, he is quite prepared to take their legs and wigs for granted, and to give them best in all other respects. It is scarcely necessary to eay that, with the confiding inconsistency of woman, Mary Leicester has long since forgiven her Bohemian husband, and that this New Year's Eve bids fair so far to be a bright and happy one, which I trust will be the case with all my land readers. 