CHILDREN'S COLUMN. JERSEYS, OR THE GIRLS' GHOST. [By Louisa M. Alcoix, in St. Nicholas.] (Continued.) Pitchers of fresh milk took the place of tea and coffee; cake and pie were rarely seen, but better bread, plain puddings, ana plenty of fruit. Rooms were cooled off, feather-beds sent to the garret, and thick curtainB abolished. Sun and air streamed in, and great cans of water appeared suggestively at doors in the morning. Earlier hours were kept, and brisk walks taken by nearly all the girls, for Miss Orne baited her hoob cleverly, and always had some pleasant project to make the wintry expedition s inviting. There were games in the parlour, instead of novels and fancy work, in the evening; shorter lessons and longer talks on the many useful subjects that are best learned from the lips of a true teacher. A cooking class was started, not to make fancy desserts, but the plain substantial dishes all housewives should understand. Several girls swept their own rooms, and liked it inter they saw Miss Orne sweep hers in a becoming aust-cap; and these same pioneers, headed by Sally, boldly coasted on the hill, swung clubs in the coach-house, and played tag in the bowling-alley on rainy aavs. It took time to work these much-needed changes, but young people like novelty • the old routine had grown tiresome, and Miss Orne made things so lively and pleasant that it was impossible to resist her wishes. Sally did begin to straighten up after a month or two of regular training; Maud out grew both corsets and back-ache; Nelly got a fresh colour; Kitty fonnd her thin arms developing visible muscleB; and Julia con sidered herself a Von Hiilern after walking ten miles without fatigue. But dear, fat Cordy was the most successful of all, and rejoiced greatly over the loss of a few pounds when she gave up over-eating, long naps, and lazy habits. Exercise became a sort of mania with her, and she was con tinually trudging off for "a constitutional," or trotting up and down the halls when bad weather prevented the daily tramp. It was the desire of her soul to grow thin, and such waB her ardour that Miss Orne had to check her sometimes, lest she should overdo the matter. "All this is easy and pleasant now, because it is new," she said; " and there is no one to criticise our simple, sensible ways, but when you go away I am afraid the good I have tried to do for you will be undone. People will ridicule you, fashion will condemn, and frivolous pleasures will make our wholesome ones seem hard. Can you be steadfast and keep on?" " We will!" cried all the girls; but the older ones looked a little anxious, as they thought of going home to introduce the new ways alone. Miss Orne shook her head earnestly, wish ing that she could impress the important lesson indelibly upon them; and very soon something happened which had that effect. April came, and the snowdrops and crocuses were up in the garden beds; Madame was able to sit at her window peering out like a dormouse waking from its winter sleep, and much did the good lady wonder at the bloom ing faces turned up to nod and smile at ber, the lively steps that tripped about the house, and the amazing spectacle of her young ladies racing round the lawn as if they liked it. No one knew how MiBS Orne reconciled her to this new style of deportment, but she made no complaint, and only shook her im pressive can when the girls came beaming in to pay little visits full of happy chat about their affairs. They seemed to take a real interest in their studies now, to be very happy, and all looked so well that the wise old lady said to herself— " Looks are everything with women, and I have never been able to show such a bouquet of blooming creatures at my breaking up as I shall this year. I will let well enough alone, and if fault 1b found, dear Anna's shoulders are broad enough to bear it." Things were in this promising state, and all were busily preparing for the May fete, at which time this class of girls would graduate, when the mysterious events to which we have alluded occurred. They were gathered—the girls, not the events—around the table one night, discus sing with the deep interest befitting such au important topic what they should wear on examination day. "I think white silk jerseys and pink or blue skirts would be lovely, and so pretty and so appropriate for the J. J. Club, ana so suitable for our exerciees. Miss Orne wishes us to show how well we go together, and of course we wish to please her,*' said Nelly, taking the lead, as usual, in matters of taste. " Of course I" cried all the girls with an alacrity which plainly showed how entirely thfe new friend had won their hearts. " I wouldn't have believed that six months could make such a difference in my figure and feelings," said Maud, surveying her waist with calm satisfaction, though it was no longer slender, but in perfect proportion to the rest of her youthful shape. " I've had to let out every dress, and it's a mercy I'm going home, if 1 m to keep on at this rateand Julia took a long breath, proud of her broad chest, expanded by plenty of exercise and loose clothing. " I take mine in, and don't have to worry about my buttons flying off d la Clara Peg gotty. I'm so pleased that I wish to be training all tbe time, for I'm not half thin enough yet," said Cordy, jumping up for a trot around the room, that not a moment might be lost. " Come, Sally, you ought to join in the jubilee, for you have done wonders and will he as straight aB a ramrod in a little while. Why so sober to-night? Is it because our dear Miss Orne leaveB us to sit with Madame ?" asked Nelly, missing the gayest voice of the seven, and observing her friend's troubled face. "I'm making up my mind whether I'd better tell you something or not. I don't wish to Bcare the servants, trouble Madame, or vex Miss Orne, for I know she wouldn't believe a word of it, though I saw it with my own eves," answered Sally, in such a mysterious tone, that the girls with one voice cried— " Tell us this minute !" "I will, and perhaps some of you can ex plain the matter." As she spoke, Sally rose and stood on the rug with her hands behind her, looking rather wild and queer, for her short hair was in a toss, her eyes shone large behind her round glasses, and her voice sank to a whisper as she made this startling announcement— " I've seen a ghoBt! A general shudder pervaded the listeners, and Cordy poked her head under the sofa pillows with -a faint cry, while the rest in voluntarily drew nearer to one another. " Where ?" demanded Julia, the bravest of the party. •' On the top of the house." "Goodgracious!" "When,Sally?" "What did it look like ?" " Don't scare us for fun!" cried tbe girls, undecided whether to take this startling story in jest or earnest. " Listen, and I'll tell you all about it," an swered Sally, holding up her finger im pressively. " Night before last I sat studying till 11. Against the ruleB I know, but I forgot; and when I was through, I opened my window to air the room. It was bright moonlight, so I took a stroll along the top of the piazza, and coming back with my eyes on the sky I naturally saw the roof of the main house from my wing. I couldn't have been asleep, could I ? yet I solemnly declare that I saw a white figure with a veil over its head roam ing to and fro as quietly as a shadow. I looked and looked, then I called softly, but it never answered, and suddenlyit was gone," " What did you do?" quavered Cordy in a smothered voice from under the pillow. " I went right in, took my lamp, and marched up to the cupola. But there was not a sign of any one, all the doors were locked and the floor was dusty, for' we never go there now, you know. I didn't like it, But I just said to myself, 'Sally, go to bed, it's an optical illusion, and serves you right for studying against the rule.' That was the first time.'" " Mercy on us ! Did you see it again ?" cried Maud, getting hold of Julia's strong arm for protection. "Yes, in the bowling-alley at midnight," whispered Sally. " Do shnt the door, Kit, and don't keep clutching me in that scary way; it's very unpleasant," said Nelly, glancing nervously over her Bhoulder, as the five pair of wide opened eyes were fixed on Sally. " I got up to shut my window last night, and saw a light in the alley—a dim one, but bright enough to show me the same white thing with the veil going np and down as before. I'll confess I was nervous then, for you know there is a story that in old times the man who lived here wouldn't let his daughter marry the lover she wanted, and she pined away and died, and said she'd haunt her cruel father, aud she did. Old Mrs. Foster told me all about it when I first came, and Madame asked me not to repeat it, so I never did. I don't believe in ghosts, mind yon; but what on earth is it that I saw trailing about in that ridiculous way ?" Sally sjDoke nervously and looked excited, for in spite of courage and common sense she was worried to acconnt for the apparition. 1 " How long did it stay ?" asked Julia, with her arm round Maud, who was trembling and pale. "A good fifteen minutes by mv watch, then vanished, light and all, as suddenly as before. I didn't go to look after it that time, but if I see it again,I'll hunt it till I find out what it is. Who will go with me ?" No one volunteered, and Uordy emerged long enough to say imploringly, "Do tell Miss Orne, or get the policeand then she dived out ui sight again ana lay quaking like an ostrich with its head in the sand. a " I won't I Miss Orne would think I was a fool, and the police don't arrest ghosts. Til do it myself, and Julia will help me, I know. She is the bravest of you. ana hasn't deve loped her biceps for nothing," said Sally, bent on keeping all the glory of the capture to themselves, if possible. Flattered by Sally's compliments, Julia did not decline the invitation, but made a very sensible suggestion, which waB a great relief to the timia till Sally added a new fancy to haunt them. " Perhaps it is one of the servants moon struck or love-lorn," said J ulia. "Myra looks sentimental, and is always singing senti mental songs." "It's not Myra; I asked her, and she turned pale at the mere idea of going any where alone after dark, and said the cook had seen a banshee gliding down the garden path one night when she had had the face-ache and had risen to get the Camphor. I said no more, not wanting to_ scare them ; ignorant people are so superstitious." Sally paused, and the girls all tried not to look "seared" or "superstitious," but did not succeed very well. " What are you going to do?" asked Nelly, in a respectful tone, aa Julia and Sally stood side by side, like Horatius and Hermiaius waiting for a Spurius Lartius to join them. " Watch like cats or a mouse, and pounce as soon as possible," anewered Sally. Yoa must all promise to say nothing; then we can't be laughed at if it turns out to be some siller "accident or mistake, as it probably " We promise!" solemnly answered the girls, feeling deeply impressed with the thril ling interest ot the moment. Very well; now don't talk about it or think about it till we report, or no one will sleep a wink," said Sally, walking off with her ally as coolly as if, after frightening them out of their wits, they could forget the matter at word of command. ( To he concluded next week.) 