SIJFL *TOM. ^attwtoftJrtChKMiidesoifCarlinBford,' 'The Greatest HetawViii JBn^and,' 'Ho that Will Mot when He CHAPTER KLL— (CoNTiKUED.i : It/' was with the most extraordinary sense of soime change -which he could not fathom or divine ^afc Sir Tom consented at last to leave his wife = an the child's i-ooni and go to his om. What did it mean? 'What had happened to him or was ?about to happen P He could not explain to him self the aspect ot the slight little yoathfal fi^nre in her airy white -£tess, with, the diamonds stall »t her throat, e&feiefes; of the hoar and time, etancungr taere in the middle of the night, shrink «»ff »*ay m hSm-.foti-wn and wakeful, with her scared eyes. At this nout on ordinary occasions A»ncy was fast asleep. ?When she treat to see her fioy, if Boftiety had kept her up late, it Was in the ffcajse of a dressing gown, not with &ny; cold glitter £-£ ornaments. And to see her shrink and draw %erseU away in that strange repugnance from 3iis touch and shadow confounded him. He was Bot angry, as he might have been in another case, trtrt pitiful to the bottom of hirt heart. What .eould have oome to Lnay? Half a dozen times lie turned back on his way to his room. What .-meaning could she have in it p What could have ?happened to her ? Her 'manifest shrinking from him had Etas-lted Mm beyond measure, her terri ?»ea look when lie spoke tilled his mind with con (£ urnon. BaUonttovetay of any kind in the child's *oomatthe.4iflkof waking him in the middle of the nignl was impossible, and no doubt, he tried *o say to himself, it must be some panic she had taken^ some dread intensified by fancy, something \--Twbich she did Hot wish to explain to him till *be morning light had restored her confidence. Women were so, he had often heardj and the *Women lie hsid known in his youth had certainly 'been so — unreasoning creatures, subject to their' imagination, taking fright where no occasion for fright was, indapable of explaining. Lney had i*leVer been like this, but yot Lucy, though sen sible, was a woman too $ and if it is not feer&itted; ;to a woman to take an unreasoning panic about ier only child, Bhe must be among hard judges iS&deecL; Sir 5?om was not a hard judge. When 4mj got over the painful Be&se; that there must be faomething more in this than met the eye^ he was -lalf glad to find that Lucy was like other women — a dear little fool, not always sensible. He thought almost the better of her for it, he feaid to ^umaelf . She would laugh at her panic, whatever ?it was, when little Tom woke un fre6h and fair in *he morning light. With this' idea he satisfied lumself as well ae he could. The situation wsb ^strange, unprecedented in his experience, but he lad many subject* o? thought on his own part '?which returrifed to his mind as the surprise of the ?moment calmed down. He had a great deal to *hink about. Old difficulties which seemed to piave pasfeed away for long years were now coming $-ack again to embarrass and confuse him. * Our pleasant vices are made the whips to scourge us/ it* said to himself. The past had come back to fkim like the opening of a book, no longer merely frivoloutt and amusing as in the Contessa^ talk, touched with all manner of light emotions, but 'bifct**, with tragedy in it, and death and desola tion. Death and life. He had heard of the dead nwlio were alive again, and of the living whoEfe existence could scarcely bo explained to the ??world. His mind had been full and troubled ?enough when he returned to tha still house, and realised with compunction how many thoughts ?fgiiicb. he could not Bhaf e with her he was bring ing back to Lucy *b side. He could not trust them !*o her, or confide in her* and secure her help, ae {4n most other circumstances he ?would have done /Without hesitation, But how could he do that 8iow ? not because ehe was his wife, but because l^he was B6 young* so innocent, so unaware of the ?fomplieations of existence. How could she Understand the temptations that assail a young L&an; in the heyday of life, to whom many in dulgences were permissible of venial, which to ?hss limited and innocent soul would seem unpar donable Bins ? To live even for a few years with ! * BfoioleBB creature like Lucy* in whom there was loot even bo much: knowledge as Would make the approaches of vice comprehensible, is a new Mnd of education to the most experienced of men. He had Hot believed it to be possible to be so altogether ignorant of evil as he had found her— i And how could1 he explain to her and gain her in ! cuilrfenfc oonsiderationof the circumstances which ; iad led him into what in her vocabulary would ~be branded with the name of vice ? Sir Tom ?ven now did mot feel it to be vice. It was un fortunate that it had so happened. He had been A fool. It was almost inconceivable to him now, rhow for the indulgence of a momentary passion he could have placed himself in a position that might one day be so embarrassing and disagree able. He had not behaved ill at the moment; it was the woman who had behaved ill. Bat how . in the name of wonder to explain all this to Lucy —Lucy, who was not conscious of any reason why I «. man's code of iitorals should be different from fthat of a woman P When Sir Tom returned, to ; 'this painful and difficult subject, the immediate -question te to Lucy's strange conduct died from jjiis mind. It became more easy, by dint of re jpeating it, to believe that a mere unreasonable J)inic about little Tom was the cause of her with drawal. It was foolish, but a loving and lovely *x-li8hB«B which a man might do more than for ;give, which he might adore and smile at as men jivo to do, feeling that for a woman to be thus *iliy is desirable, a ocranterpoise to the selfishness mud want of feeling which are so common in the 'world. Bnfc how to make tMs spotless creature tinderetand -that a man might slip aside and yet 3ioi be a dias»l«te man, that he might be betrayed jfaito certain pf oeeedii^s which would not perhaps bear the inspection of severe judges, and yet be neither Ticiou* nor heartless! This problem, alter he had considered it in every possible way, ISif Tom finally gave np with a BOt-fc of despair. Be musi keep his secret within his own bosom. Me must contrive some means of doing what was now .clearly a duly without exciting any suspicion *-n Lucy's part. That, he thought with compunc tion, would be easy enough. There was no one ?wnotn It would cost less trouble to deceive. With these thoughts he went to sleep in the room which somehow seemed strangely lonely without lie*. Perhaps* however, it was not ungrateful to liim to bo alone, to think all those thoughts with out the additional fiettso of treachery which must have ensued had lie thought them in her pre-] eence. There was no treachery. He had been] «dl along, he thought to hifeBelf* a man somewhat | 6infted against in the matter. To be sore it was wrong— according to all rules of morals it was nBafieeary to admit that j but not more wrong, not SO ffitich wrong, as iriost other men had been* And^ granting thfe impropriety ofthftt first step t lie had nothing to reproach himself with afters wards. In all other tespecfe he know he had beh&Ted; txrish liberally and honourably, only he cad been deceived. But how— how— goodheavens! *— explain tins to LuCy? In the siieneeof her toom, where she was not, he actually laughed out *o hiinlelf hi the ihotighti iabghed with a sense; *f an impossibilily beyond all laws and powers of Reasoning. What miracle would make her «nder- tttand ? It would be easier to move the solid ifcarfck tnan io mate her nndai-Btand. : Bui it wad altogether a very, strange night f ?uch a night as neve? Bad been passed in that honsft before ; and fearful .things were aibOTt ii the darkness, ill dreams, -stzange. sbaAows.df trouble. When Sii'^om' wolce ifl tb(S fisotnlfig fend tenmd too slfh that' hil wife had Jbedii In ^ kpom ot anythwtiof hdf*it routed 6noe more & |»a!nM apl»reni»BM in his mmA\ HS httrriefi nalt-dreseed to the nursery to ask for news of the child, but. was *a«t by the notSsejwtth the ra64£ cheerful countenancer with little Tom holding W tier skirts in higTuip&iti; aftd loU of babble aJW glee. - '-l-- r£E* hM hcA a good dlgm, thefl/^hiS^fat^e* cried, relieved, lifting the htQe fellow'to Md shoulder. ?; ?? - r, - --, ??? r-,- ^* ? 'An ezitaUeat tueh%: ftif tJi6ma«,* &d; w^mSb ?aid, ;'«dd H0t A bit Mred with ]us~ journey ; slid ko pleased to see all tke carriages and the foln Jpassing.' ?„: ... '' '?? ? &'7. :'.; ? :- ? Sir Tom put the bay -4&wn; with a cloud npoSi Ids face. ' ? Wfal*%a*^ -*«»*» *b«tt*«t*^**«^*i-n'* inxJetv last fcunit P* he said. 'A&Hfif.mvtKmtoi; m ^ m wt§M$ wastiutt* tiimmdi She do alwayB Bay lie ira teguUr littU.towa Wf^.and always bettot in pouto*. Mi w »1»* «*id wh«n I was Mtlffig «f Umloilwv. ABib^lrtvwBttne^iWOJMntli* moment lie weal -off till six o'clock this morning, t3ie aJafrWflg. I do 'think now, 'Sir Thomas, as we may hope We taken hold of his 'strength/ \- Sir Tom turned away with, a blank countenance. What did it mean, then f He went back to his dressing-room and completed his toilet without seeing anything of Lucy. The nurse seemed quit© anconseiou8 of' his mistress's vigil by the baby's side. Where, then, had Lucy passed the night, and wny'taken refuge in that nursery f Sir Tom j grew pale, and saw his own -countenance white { a.nd full of trouble, as if it had been «, etraager's, ' in the glass. He hurried downstairs into the breakfast-room, into which the sun was shining. There cuuld not 'have been a more cheerful sight. Some of the flowers brought tip from the hall were on the table. There was a merry little fire.; burning ; the usual pile of newspapers were ar- ! ranged for him by the care of Williams, who felt himself a political character too, and appreciated the necessity of seeing what the country was thinking. Jock stood at the window with a book, reading, and watching ths cheerful movements outside. But the chair at tW head' of the 'table was vacant. .'Have you seen Lucy -P' he feaid to Jock, with an anxiety which he could scarcely disguise. At this moment she came in, very gentle, very pale, like a ghost. She gave him np greeting, save a fiort of attempt at a smile 'and warning look, calling his attention to Williams, who bad followed her into the room with tUatone special dish which the butler always condescended to place on the table. Sir Tom eat down to his newspapers confounded, not knowing what to think or to say. CHAPTER XLII. LAB3T KAUUOLPH'e BUSINESS OPERATIONS Lucy contrived somehow to elude all private intercourse with her husband that morning. She was not alone With him for a moment. To hie question about little Tom and her anxiety about him she made as slight an answer ae possible. ' Nurse tells me be is all right1; he is quite well this morning,* Lucy replied, with quiet dignity, as if she did not limit herself to nurse's observa tions. She talked a little to Jock about his school, and when the holidays would be over, while Sir Tom retired behind the shield of feis newspapers. Hti -iid not get much- benefit from tWmtbatinofningV or instruction as to what the country was thinking. He was so much more curious to know what his wife was thinking, this simple little girl who knew no evil. The most astute of men could not have perplexed Sir Tom so much. It seemed to him that something must have happened ; but what ? What was there ttat any one could betray to her ? — not the dis-, covery that he himself had only made so lately. Tiiat was impossible. If any one eke had known it, he surely must have known it. It could not be anything so unlikely as that. But Lucy gare him no opportunity of inquiring. She went away to see the housekeeper, to look after her domestic affairs; and then Sir Tom made sure he should find her in the 'nursery, whither he took his way when he thouerht he had left sufficient time for her other occupations. But Lady Bandblph was hot there. He heard from Fletcher, ? whose disturbed countenance seemed to reflect Ms own, that her mistress had gone out. She was the only one of the household who shared his certainty that something iiad happened out of the ordinary routine. Fletcher knew that her mistress had not undressed in the usual way — that she had not gone to bed. Her own services had not been required either in the morning or evening, and she had a strong sus picion that Lady EAndolph had passed the night on a eofa in the little morning-room upstairs. To Fletcher's mind it was nbt very difficult to account for that. Quarrels between husband and wife are common enough. But her consciouBness and sympathetic significance of look struck Sir Tom with a troubled sense of the humour of the sibuation which broke the spell of his increasing agitation, if but for fe moment. It was droll to think that Fletcher should be in a manner his confidant, the Snly participator In his woes. Lucy had gone out half to avoid her husband, half with a determination to expedite the busi ness which she had begun, with, very different feelings, the day before. The streets were very gay and bright on that April morning, with all that- quickening of -life which many arrivals and the approach of the season, with all ita excite ments, bring. Houses were opening up, car riages coming out, even the groups of children and nurse-maid3 in the park making a sensible difference on the other side of the great railing. It was very unusual for her to find herself in the streets alone, . and this increased the curious, dazed sensation -vfith which 'she went, out among all those real people, so lively and energetic, while she was still little more than a dream Woman, possessed by one thought, moving along, she knew not how, With a sense of helplessness and unprofcectedness which made the unreality all the more sensible to her. She went on for what seemed to -be a long time, following me chanically the line of the pavement, without knowing what she was doing, along the long course of Park-lane, and then into the cheerful bustle of Piccadilly, where, with a sense of morn ing ease and leisure not like the artificiality of the afternoon, eo many people were coming and going, all occupied in business of their own, though, so different from the bustle of more ab sorbing business, the haste and obstruction of the city. Lucy was not beautiful enough, or splendid enough, to attract much attention from the passers-by in the streets, though one or two sympathetic and observant wayfarers were caught by the wondering look of trouble in her face. She had never walked about London, and she did not know where she was going. But she did not think ol this. She thought only on one subject — about her husband and that other life which had, of which she knew nothing* which might for any thing she could tell have been going on side by side with the life she knew and shared. This was the point upon which Lucy's mind had given way. The revelation as to Bice had startled and shaken her Boul to its foundations- but after the Bhock, things had fallen into their place again, and she had felt no anger, though much pain, and pity. Her mind had thrown itself back into the unknown nast almost tenderly towards the poor mother who had* no doubt* died long ago, to whom perhaps Bice had been what little Tom was now to herself. But when the further statement reached her ears, all the softening influences which, seemed to have swept over her disappeared in a moment. A. horrible bewilderment had seized her. Was. he two men* with, two wives, two lives, two children dear to Mm P It is usual to talk of women. as being the most severe judges of each other's failures in one par ticular at leaet, an accusation which no doubt is true of both sexes, though generally applied, like so many universal truths, to one. And an injured wife is a raging fury in those primitive charac terisations which are bo cOnimon in the world. But the ideas which circled like the flakes in a snowstorm through the mind of Lucy were of a kind incomprehensible to the vulgar critic who judges humanity in the general. Her ways of thinking-^her modes of judging — were as dif ferent as possible from tho'se of minds accus tomed to generalisation and lightly acquainted with the vices of the world. Lucy knew no gene-' rali She knew three persons involved in an imbroglio eo terrible that she saw no way out of it— herself, her hueb&adj; and another woman. Her mind was the mind alifrtt&fc; Of a child. It .had resisted all that dismal infofmatidh which the chatter of society' con Veye. She knew that married people were 'not happy' sometimesi She knew that thefcj weirS wretched Stories ol which she held that they could not be true. She was of DesdeffldnVs iaiM, and tlid not believe tbat tnere w_ere any fiucn women. Ana when ihe was 'suddenly, strangely, btought face. to tace with a tragedy of her own, that Was not enough to turn this innocent .asdlHodest girl into a raging' Eleanor. She was profoundly reasonable in her simple way, unapt to blame; thinking no evil* andfoU^febSeprepoeseftBichSbtid fixed canonfl of innocent* wMch the *erld-instfticted are ini capable. Aet only of understanding* but oi baleiv* ing in the exitteaee of . A connection between a man and aw6m&n; wa$ to jftfrrittfine way or other* a marriage*., Into: tbfi teaaone, whatever thejf might faavfe b*eri-«Jttt tottMidrre brought about any «ttehr«bnnfecti6& fH&b;&l; &l; xltek that made itlicrM/^ec^dixdt ^t*ate6r inqutl-e. It was-a subject too terribli/fcom which her mind tetreated mtixAirp and incomprehension. . Never ccraldiit^Mtiha^ be«fi intended e&, at least on tb* .woniaitfi iide* *he tfuwk marriage tof romance, ibo deceite fcratJltoed on the «t»ge ant innoVelfl uponttO lntu)OBat*Bb- believed l&WltV; oaVbafitoUww'UiiijtiuLi^ia W- ^P»4 -Mfc* ?* ? . . - a * -y ?? ?. ??? ? - ?,* more-comprehenBive than impurity.- * Theremight be villainous men— betrayers^ seducers— Lucy could not tell; there might be monsters, griflms, 'fiery dragons, for anything she &newj; but a woman :abkcro*oned by all her natural- guard of modesties &hd; reluctances, moved by pftssion; capable of being Seduced, she cbrild Wot utfderi stand. And still more impossible '.Was it to imagine such sin without any tragic circum stances, the outcome of mere levity-} or' to con ceive of the masteries of life as outraged and in truded upon by folly* or for the horrible bait of interest. Her heart sickened at suet suggestions* She knew there were poor women in the streets* Victims of wattt and vice, poor degraded creatures for whom her heart bled, whom she could not think of for the intolerable pang of pity and shame. But all these questions had ndtMng1 to do with the sudden revelation in which -she her self had so painful a part. These broken reflec tions were in her mind like the failing bf snow* They whirled through the vague world of her troubled soul without consequence or coherence ? all that had nothing to do with her. Her bus band was no villain ; and the woman— the beauti ful, smiling woman — so much fairer, greater* more important than Lucy, she was no wretched* degraded, creature. What was she* then ? His wife — his true wife ? And if so, what was Lucy ? Her brain reeled, and the world went round in a sickening whirl. The circumstances wire too terrible for resentment. What could anger do, or any other quick-springing, short-lived emotion ? What did it matter even what Lucy felt, what any one ielt ? It was far beyond that. Here was fact which no emotion could undo — a wife, and a child on either side. And what was to come of it ? and how could life go oh with this Ho think of, never to be. forgotten, not to be put aside for a moment? It brought existence to a standstill. She did not know what was tbe'next step she must take, or hotr 6fte could go back, or ?what Bhe must say to the man who, perhaps, was not her husband, or how she could continue under that roof, or arrange the commonest .-oetails of life. There was but one ibing clear before her — the business winch she was be&t; on hurrying to a conclusion now. She found herself in the bustle of the streets that converge upon the Circas at the end of Pic cadilly as she thus went on thinking ; and there Lucy looked about her in some dismay, finding that she had i-eached the limit of the little world she knew. She was afraid of plunging alone into those bustling ways, and almost afraid of the only other alternative, which however she adopted, of calling a cab and giving the driver .tho address of Mr. Chervil in the city. To do this and to mount into the uneasy jingling cab which gave her a little shock of the unaccus tomed, was like a breach of morals to Lucy. It seemed, though she had been independent enough in more important matters, the most daring step she had ever taken on her- own responsibility. But the rattle of the cab, and the aspect of the unknown world into wltieh it conveyed her, oc cupied her tniad a little, and stopped the tumult of her thoughts. She seemed scarcely to know what she had come about when she found herself sat down at the door of Mr. Chervil's office, and ascending the griruy staircase, meeting people who stared at her, and wondered what a lady could be doing there. Mr. Chervil himself was scarcely less surprised. He ? said* ' (Lady Ean dplph,' with a cry of astonishment' when she was shown in. And she fonnd some difficulty whieh she had not thought of in explaining her busi ness. He reminded her that she had given him the same instructions yesterday when he had the honour of waiting upon her in Park Lane. He wks far more respectful to Lady ^Randolph than he had been to Lucy Trevor in. her first attempts to carry out her father's will. ' I assure you/ he said, ' I have not neglected your wishes. I ftave written to Bnshton on the subject. We both know by this time, Lady Ran dolph, that when you have made np your mind — and you have the most perfect right to do so — though we may not like it, nor think it anything but a squandering: of money, trtill we are aware we have no right to oppose — — ' ' It is not that/ said Lucy, faintly. * It is that the circumstances have changed since yesterday. I want to— I should like to ? ? y ' Give up yourintentaoh ? l^am delighted to hear it. For yon must allow me to say as a man of business ? ^ * * It is not that/ Lucy repeated. *I want to increase the sum. ' I find the young lady has a claim ; and I want it to be done immediately, without the loss 6f a day. Oh, I am more, much more, in earnest about it than I was yesterday. I want it settled at once. If it is not settled at once difficulties might arise. I want to double the amount, and to have it done without delay. Could you not telegraph to Mr. Bush ton instead of writing ? I have heard that people telegraph about business/ * Double the amount J Have you thought over this ! Have you had Sir Thomas's advice ? It is a very important matter to decide so suddenly. Pardon me, Lady Eandolph, but yon 'must know that if you give away afc this rate you will soon not have' very much left to you.' * Ah, that would be1 a cemfort !* cried Lucy ; and then there came over her the miserable thought that all the circumstances were changed, and to have a subject of disagreement between her husband and herself removed would not matter now. Once it had been the only subject ; now-— ?— The suddenness of this realisation of the change' filled her eyes with tears. But Ehe restrained herself with a great effort-. ' Yes/ she said, ' I should be glad, very glad to have done all my father wished-'-for many things might happen. I might die — and then who would do it?' 4 We need not discuss that very unlikely con tingency/ said Mr. Chervil. (He said to himself, ' Sir Tom wouldn't, that is certain;') 'But, even under Mr. Trevor's will/ he added, ? this will be a very large suin to give- ii;4arger, don't you think, tbah he intended* unless there is some very special claim.' * It is a speoiai claim/ cried Lucy ; ' and papa made iio conditions; I was to be free in doing it; he left me quite free.* ' Without doubt/ the lawyer said. ' I need not repeat my; opinion on the subject, but you are certainly quite free. And you Siave brought me the young lady's name* no doubt. Lady .Ran dolph ? Yesterday* you recollect, you were un certain about her name. It is necessary to be quite acCKi-ate in an affair of bo much importance. She is a liicky^onng lady. A great-many would like to learn the secret of pleasing you to this extent/ \ Lucy .looked Jit him with a gasp. She did not understand the test of his speech or care to hear it. Her name? What was her name P If ehe had hot known before, stiUiesd did ehe know it now. ' ''?'.? ♦Ohl' she cried, 'what does it -matter about a name P People,, girls, change their names. She is Beatrice. You might leave a blank, and it could be filled np after. She is going to — marry. She is----muBt everything be delayed for that f— and yet it is of no importahce^-no importance that I can see/ Lucy said, wringing her hands. : * My dear Lady Eandelph ! Let me say that to give a very large sutn of money to a person with ?whose Very name you art) unacquainted !— forgive Hie; but in your 6Wn iiiter6stB I must speak, let me consult with Sir Thomas/ '1 do not wish my husband to be consulted; Hfe has promised me not to interfere; and it is my Business, not his,* X«ucy tald, with a flush of excitement. And though there was much further conversation and tha lawyer did all he could to move her, it^need not fee said that Lucy was im iriovabie. He wpnfe down ie the door with her to put Let into her carriage, as he supposed) hot uh-- willing etfefl ia^k|aTeefiWe ef pfewKear lif -* to nave the SUrroUnuing |iojjul&tsl6n; B&8 on 'what eon-- fidehtiat terms he was with thiB finfe youfio- lady,, But *hen tee p*rcei-ed that iid carriage was there, and liu% not 'without a tremor, as ol a very strange request and one which might shock the nftrtes of titer companion; fiskSd him tb tfet a cab for Let, Ht.vCneffftt'fi a^bnlsnMent knew no bounds* ? ..- .-..-. .. . .. . -. ? . *I liefer though* it6f far it w*b7 LHoy f^ffiL faltering and apologetic. *I thought I might psrbavs.iiare. been able to walk.' * Walk ! * he cried, -^Sm.:«ark liane t * with WsoseasxBSK: Heawwiiooittaa mstim as sbt drovejaway«-»aying to himself that theoldoittiiliad thing was evidently cracked to9- -irHte t^oniPht'it w6«a bo b^|b to write to Sir Thomas, who ^aa: aoWlrBnilm cLrril , l-ut « it -M_ggiUSr. to happen that-&»$6or f otoSfc ladv '' -Hid ahow Whatifcfc miXifi'm^m»%W —.-.: 7w«aV!.| ness, Mr. Chervil could not restrain a devout wish that it should be before ^nif her fortune was alienated. No Sir Thomas in existence would carry out a father-in-law's will ot such, an infisnie character aathat. In the meanwnile Ltfcy 'jingled home ia her cab, feeling more giddys more heartsick than ever. There came upon her with mote potency than «v«r, since now it was the matter imme diately before her, the question what was she to do ? What was she to do ? She had eluded tJir Tom on the night 'bet ore, and obliged him to accept, without any explanation her strange re tirement. But how what was she to do ? iiittle Tom would not answer for a pretext again. She must either resume the former habits of her life, subdue herself entirely, meet him with a cheer ful face, ignore the sudden chasm that had been made between tbem^-or — She looked with ter rified eyes at this blank wall of impossibility, arid could see no way through it. Live with him as of old,' in a pretence of union, where no union, could be. or explain how it was that she could not do sol jtoth these. things were impossible ! impossible ! «nd what, then, was, she to do? CHAPTEE XLIIL THE LITTLE HOtTSB TS MATFATB. Thb iittie house in Mayfair was very bright and gay. \Vhwt conventional words are those ! It was nothing of tae kind. It was dim and poetical. No light that could be' kept out of ^ it was per mitted to com« in. The quality of light in Lon don even in April is not of the finest quality, and perhaps the Cbntessa's long curtains and all the 'delicate draperies which she loved to haiig about her, were more desirable to see than that very poor thing in the way of daylight which exists m Mayfair. Bice- who was a child of light, objected a, little to this shutting out, and she would have objected strongly, being young enough to love the 6unshme for itself, but for tne exquisite reason which tlie Contessa gave for tae interdict she had put upon it.._ 'Caxa,,' she said. ' if you. we're all white and red like those English girls (it is tant soit pea vulgar between ourselves, and not half so effective as the blanc mat), then you might have as much light as you pleased ; but to put yourself in competition witfc them on their own ground — no, Bice, mia. But in this light there is nothing to desire/ 'Don't yon think, then, roadama/ Eaid Bice, piqued, ' that no light would be better still, and not to be seen the be6t of all — ' ' Darling ! * Baid the Contessa, with that smile which embodied. so many things. It answered for encouragement and applause and gentle reproof, and many other matters which words could but indifferently say, and it was one of her favourite ways of turning aside a question to which she did nbt think fit to give any reply. And Bice swallowed her pique and asked no more. The lamps were all shaded, like the windows, in this bower of beauty. There was scarcely a corner that was not draped with some softly-falling richly-tinted tissue. A delicate perfume breathed through that half-righted world. Thus, though neither gay' nor bright, it realised the effect which in our day is meant by these words. It was a place for pleasure, for intimate society and conversation* and laughter and wit ; for music and soft words ; and, above all, for the setting off of beauty, and the expression of admiration. The chairs were soft, the carpets like moss ; there were flowers everywhere betraying themselves by their odour even when yon could not see them. The Contessa had spared no expense in making the little place, which she laughed at softly, calling it her doll's house, as perfect as it could be made. And here the two ladies began to live a life very different from that of the Randolph's simple dwelling. Bice, it need scarcely be said, had ful filled all the hopes of her patroness, else had she never been produced with such bewildering mystery yet distinction to dazzle the eyes of young Moontjoie at the HalL She had realised all the Contessa's expectations, and even justified the bill* which Madame di Forno-Populo looked upon with a certain complacency as they came in as something creditable to her, as proofs of her magnificence of mind and devotion to the best interests of her protege. And now they had entered upon, their campaign. It had annoyed her In this new beginning, amid' all her excite ments and hopes, to be called upon by Sir Tom for explanations which Bhe had. glossed over as best ehe could, a&d; had indeed {no intention of giving at all. Bat that had passed over, and though it had changed the demeanour of Sir Tom and entirely done away with his careless good humour, which had been so pleasant, still he had not as yet showed any intention of interfering, and they had begun their life very cheerfully and with every promise of great enjoyment. The Contessa ' received/ every day and all day long, from the time when she was visible, which was not, npwever, at a very early hour. Bice now rode at the* hour when everybody rides, with the Contessa, who was a graceful horsewoman, and never looked to greater advan tage. The two beautiful Italians, as they were called, had in this way, within a week of their arrival-, caused a sensation in the Bow ; and it very often happened that two favoured persons, not alwayB the same, whe had accompanied them home from the park, would be admittedto Bhare a dainty little luncheon ; but their day at home did not begin till about 5 o'clock. Few ladies visited the little house in Mayfair, but then they ?were not much wanted there. The Contessa was not One of those vulgar .practitioners who profess in words their preference for men's society. But she eaid so sweetly that it was bar barous to laugh (though many of her friends did so), that having one close companion of her own sex, her dearesj; Bice* who was everything to her, she was independent of the feminine element. ' And then they are bo busy, those ladies of fashion; they have no leisure; they have so many things to do. It is a thraldom, a heavy thraldom, though the chains are gilded/ * Shall we see you at Lady Blank Blank's to-night p Yon must be 'going to the Duchess's ? Of course we shall meet at the Hightori Grandinodes !' 'Ah 1' cried the Conteesa, spreading out her white bands, ' it's fatiguing even only to hear of it; We love our ease, JBice and I; we go no where where we are expected to go.1 The' gentlemen to whom this Speech was made laughett *coii8ttinedly.' They even made little. signs to each other behind backs, with ill manners, such, as are current in the best society. When she looked round at thein they said the Conte£sa.was a perfect mimic* better than any-' tiling on the stage, and that «ne had perfectly caught the tone of that old Lady Barbe Mont fichefc* who went everywhere (whom, indeed, the Gohtessa did not know) and laughed again. But it was not at the Gbntessa's powgr df inimicry that they laughed. It was at the tleHciotte false hood of hernretensions* and the thought that if she ?, pleased she might appear a,t the Hightpp.' Grandmodes, or meet the. beet Boeiety at Lady Blank Blank's. These gentlemen, knew better ; and it was a joke of which they never tired. They were not* perhaps, the most desirable class of people in society who had the ent^etS in the Con tessa's little house j they were old acquaintances who had known her in her progress through the world, mingled with fe few you&g; men whom they brought with them, partly^ because the boys had admired these two lovely foreign women ; .partly because* iwith -a certain easy benevolence that cost them nothing, and ton camaraderie* they wanted the Contesea'e Ufetle girl, whoever she was* to nave fcer chaMeS. But few, a»ahy;6f th«se astute geHtlehiln, young or old, was in any dbnbt as to the position she h€Ad. ' ? . ' They were not ' altogether . without female visitors. Lady Anastasia* that authority, of the Press* who mads the public acquainted witk tke movements of the strangers* and waa not %fr*i- of compromising hefeelf, toutefimeB inada One at the liftld pai'taeBi and «hj6yett fheni maon ; an( the Dowager Lady Eahd6lpa'e 'card wa* lett at th© ContfeBsa-'fe do6r, to *&& ti&itil; the D^nt^s/ who hadioo'ked u^onher wltliflucli consternation at iucy-flpariy in the oounizy, jbut Wa-«iyil even then* What these iadiea meant ii would be .man- ous to know. Perhaps it was a lingering touch of Mndheesi pafhotrt a wtthto eate ttoear «redit in case it should happen by some b1»¥rU-ietlagtaitn of fortune that La ^orno^Populo vmiaht oome uppermoBt again: WtmW. sh« Safe* to Have ber (9eif put forVvard at ths 39rawintf»i6om f waH' whbt thcAe ladies as£ed.eacli-i|lier with ib&t;«4i^e£$a* It wife posoilile* indiaftdj tuat bhe slight iUoboed in doiltt eo, fef ^fchetB 1*effl ^l«lW'ef good, natured people wko wottll not feliiii if m afiked th«a-and,of ooawe,60ialoMa totraM&r; was fiat kept «pon foreigners. MttpSnniLtiW BUbjerti,, with' Lady Bandolph, that eo f ar as. could be proved, there was nothing against her which, would justify absolute exclusion. Would she -have the courage to dare that ordeal, or would she set up a standard of revolt, and declare her self superior to that hall-mark of fashion ? She was clever enough, all the people who knew her allowed, for either role ; .either to persuade some good woman, innocent and ignorant enough, to be responsible for her, and elude the researches of the Lord Chamberlain, or else to retreat bravely in gay rebellion, and declare that she was not rich enough, or her diamonds good- enough, for that noonday display. For either part the Contessa had sufficient cleverness to carry her through. [TO SB CONTItlTTBD.] 