STATE SCHOOL CONCERT. Tho Theatro Royal was crowded to excess last night by parents, friends, and neutrals, who as sembled to hoar the State school children in their entertainment. The chair was. takori by Mr J. B. Patterson, who. after a few inlrna,,. tbrycoMmentB, said: — I ammuchgratifiedatyour asking nie, , on my return from the old country to preside at this entertainment to raise funds for prizes at this school, and,, although it is not my intention to deliver an address; it may not be out of place to make a few remarks. The par ent State has -made rapid strides of recent years in tho direction of eduoation, but it may safely be - asserted that in ho country in the World are there greater opportunities for general educa tion (than in Victoria. - In that respect rich and poor 7 are placed' on an equality. The highest position in tlio (land is open to the poorest lad should ho display ability and perseveranco. In the old country you find youraolf trammelled by tradition and it is harder to rise there than in this' young " community. In this country you have: all the advantages that nature and; circum stances can. bestow. You have educational ad vantages, tho widest political f reedom, and every .meaiiB.for.advanoi'ng yourselves. -7 In my travels through England there was one thing.'', that '-par ticularly. pleased me.,.. .That was: the universal respect showii .by chiidren to parents, to old /people, and to tlio afflicted. It would bo well if the;- same ; consideration were, displayed every where.,. Respect for- parents- is "a/cardinal virtue and if you do not7 observe it you will deservedly bo considered vulgar; and ill-bred. You boys and -girls- should remember that - when your parents7 were yourig they did not have your ad vantages.'; They may have: had mbre ability than you; but they did not have the opportunity of developing it. Yefc;I have- s'eeri boys (who were so ' -'rude7 as ' to correct ' their "par ents before strangers when they had made a slip in grammar ot prqnbuiiced'a word inoor« recily. I hope nbhe'bf you boys .would.bb guilty of such a(( breach (of good ( manners. ' . I have sometimes been pained to obserVe the want of consideration shown to the afflicted. I actually saw a boy refuse to (take, a blind(,man across a busy streot. in:; Melbourne, //'The- boy imperti nently ntold; him7 to 'i'lfind hit way hims'elf." Three:gentlemeh;j'who -were passing, rushed to his i assistance,'/' --vieihg ( with '.J.eacli- other '; who should have the' honour of escorting the uti-' fortunate. Can. anything', too harsh be said of the . boy ? (I am sure-, none' of "you. would , be guiltyj qf''siieK '( conduct; ((In the' assbmblits' of ancient' Greece when an'old man eiitered;the young men at once stood up. It has been said that if. an -American b"oybad. to visit UieFresi- .dent'Bf ,th'e'iJnite(l./£itafM (lie, would walk into, the room with' his7. laatloh and his hands in his pockets;- I trust you,, will emulate the, example of the: boys of (England and of ancient Greece rather tlianjmitate; the other example. (Cheers) Whiie'l- am":on tlie subject of respect to parents! I cannot help remarking that. I think it is to some extent the result of too much kindness oii the part of piiren ts to children; , More, con trol (and (,less "indulgence would perhaps be of advantage (to bo'tii! It has been observed that formerly parents frightened their children with ghosts, (J but ;(.'il think it may now be said they spoil them with lollies. It cannot be expected that ; rtlie youth of -this colony should be fully awaro of the great advantages they enjoy and of the brightness of'their lot as compared with the youth of manyothercountries. (In the old country children have to work hard I before, they go-to. school and, after they return. Both elimate aud circumstances deprive them of i the, , means of 'enjoyment that -children have lliere.i /Ingratitude is the. nearest /of vices, and' (the youth of this colony should take care that1 ; tlie Btigma is not cast upon theru: : 'There is one 'thing that particularly, struck my attention in7 iEnglahd. (At th'o humble home of the poor as : well as around the mansion of the rich exists 7 the flower garden. (.When tiiej father lias gone . to his. work and , the (mother is engaged with her, i domestib duties the gardeii- is tended ' by the ; children. ' Thus -the home is'brightened and the -taste cultivated, I commend the practice to (you all, and I hope. that- soon there will not be a 1 cottage in thecolnny that has not its flower garden ! In referring to the' training of the oliildren, I ! cannot help' feeling that mistakes are frequently : made. .. People often expect to find in a child the \- wisdom of an'adult, and consequently give them a greater, license, than they shenld get, as the , man arid woman7 iri a community affect tlie de- 7 velopmentof a State. It should not; be forgotton, ; too; -that the formation of the character of a na- ! tion depends largely upori.tbe teacher, ' arid the ! teaqhqrs of; this qopariiunity have a great respori- Isibility on their shoulders. It is almost impos- isiblo.to /over-estimate the teacher's influence. 1 During a large part of tho day the children are lunder-flris" charge, and .the : mental and moral : cultivation of the oliild greatly depends upon Ill's (intelligence arid care. You should, learn to be (candid and generous in your dealings with one (another, and above all1 you - should never fail to jshdw proper respect to' those to whom you owe i so , much. (Cheers). . \Yben. eoming up in, the train i waa glad to see a lot of Sunday school children going- to a( pic-riic. People looked after; the: moral ; training . of their- ohildrenr ia duty inouinbent upon them— in this beautiful ; country.' in whioh we live, whioh was destined | to become a great ono, and it is to be hoped that the rising generation will be worthy, of the race ' from which it sprung; (Cheera).' Though the atfdienbB was a partial- one, ap- -plauding tlio youths' erieburagingly, yet there 7 was much riierit : arid intelligence displayed _ by. the scbqlars. Under, Miss Binns.tbe vocalists had boon drilled' to siiigj the choruses in fairly good tune and time. There we're many of them :in,;the. lengthy, programribe, aud Miss Bmns (used the baton effectively arid gracefully. Tho . most trying part; of. tlio performance was the solos allotted.to boys, who do not so readily study music lessons as the girls. Tho latter far out (numbered, the i / former, : the proportion being -about five to-one in the ohoruses of sixty voices, so wore they at a proportionate advantage for selection all through. In the performances ot children in the early stage of culture, with voices undeveloped, there is riot much to notice, so averages must be taken and tho entertainment pronounced as a whole to be satisfactory. There were many solos by tlio girls that were so warmly appreciated that bouquets wero thrown in groat profusion on: tho stage to denote tlie pleasure they occasioned. Miss E. Haines was one ot those who has a sweet voice, and in her songot "Nobody's Child" with tho chorus, she waq riiarked with favour. The girls wore throughout superior to tho boys, but tho latter did iwc escape recognition. Ono of tho lads,'- Master rl. Baker,, with suporlativo confidence, sung " QiRjt Jnok's como homo" with a spirit that surpassoa 'many older in yoars, aud Master Hobson in " Dream Faces" inspired demonstrative boys q beat time witli feet, and irregularly tako up t" chorus. Ho was also oomplimontod by called on for an bnooro. In the more intellec tual part of rooitations there- were many suc cesses, but the iriost popular of all were t-v/o seonos, tho first of which was " Wanted a gen ral sorvant," in whioli six girls took tho chara tors. Tlio principal was Miss Sutton, tho mi - tress of the house, who advortised in the Mai for a sorvant, and who rooeived the apphcan , a nondescript group. Aftor a lijieb doolamation against the airs and protentiouCtiosg of servanwi who requirod their mistrossoB to wait :Ujl.r; thorn, sho received' tho yourig ladies. -H coolness and decorousnoss as tlie .lndyoi. wv, houso were well exemplified, and she acted part with judgment. A dear voice ana go emphasis gave effect to her delivery, and . Miss 0 Grey, as an applicant for the situation from ' Haroourt, was brimful of comic humour. There wasanothor sceDo, in which two girls and three boys took part, boitring tho title of " A regular Tartar," but though the principal in this was energetio, hor voice was not well hoard on ac- count of the noise, whioli prevented many of the points tolling- Tho audience had then become wearied, and as boys will bo_ boys', whistling and disorderliness spoiled the enjoyment of listoners. ) None of tho voices wore sufficiently powerful to command attentive hearing, and the hour being late, 10.15, young people became impatient. It should bo noted that Miss M. 0. Reid in tho rocitation of " Tho Baohelor's Salo," was success ful the diction was comic, her action good, and had her voice been stronger she would have boon encored. Altogether tho entertainment must be regarded as an achievement for tho schools of young Australia. 