FLESH VERSUS SPIRIT" It does not often happen, either actually or morophysic.illy, that the mantle of Elijah fall upon Elitlro. It ic too oftuu tho cano that tho rovorsi) ensues, and that the whilom partner and cjudjutor of a great man, when he omnoa io ttepinu> mo, great man's snouo, is both a failmo uud a farce. Wo have, howovor, in tbo leading pulpit iu this city and colony are- marbuhlc instance of how tho influence aad apiritof a great good man mny dcficoud upon hia successor, to tho tobting benofit of alt con- corntd. To havo taken tho spiritual oversight of thn Scots' Church after ouch a raau aa the Rev Chiu'lc-r. Strong would havo triad .many au oxperlonced and practical minioter : but for a ycning mid scarcely proved man to havo 1 huccgi (led in kpoping together tbo nramiec con gregation in Australia, as tho iUv Charles Dodo has done, ia both a matter for congratulatory commont uud wonder. His thorough adaptation for his oflico, and tepc-cially as a teachor, beoomos more and moro apparent every wook, bnt porhapc it never was so noticeable (oxcopt in hia sermon on tho charaobn' of Esau) than in hifldiecotuAO yesterday morning upou Flesh v. Spirit. Taking bis text from Paul's asser tion to tho Ramans that " thoy tbat aro iu tho flesh cannot please God," and tho hopo and the hypothesis contained iu tho noxt sentences, "but yo me not in thoflceh, but in tho epirit, if vobu that tho Spirit of God dwell in you," (8th cb. 8th v.), tho rev gontlemau preac&ed; a sermon which would hhve well boccmo a Canon of Westminster or St, Paul's, Ha bepau by remarking that ono good tho roviatun vi luuAow xtfivuwunv uuu accumpiiaaea was to Hweop away nnnocoesnry capital letters, and tlmt this wua wise, as tbe uea of capital letters where thoy wero not seeded, nad out of plnco, displayed iniperfeot and noetiact thiukiag, We (htnlc too much in tho abstract, it was said, Ono instance of this was cited very porotcdlp, viz., Toe cheors -which greeted tboreleaKO, not losg ago. of a man who, by negligence or otherwise, had placed himsolf iu a most unploataut posiiion, aud that thesa plaudit wero givon quito unmindful of the pain aod misery that this man' culpability or uigligcucQ had caused. Capital latter to a prebt extent denoted a desire ou the part of Ihcue who used tbmn to impart personality to the thiug or word so dealt with, but this was a kind of abstract thinkirg not to bo followed or doaircd. In this part ot hi sormoo the puncher spoke v.-:iy siverely against tho30 who mtiko God selfish and arbitrary, Ho wus quito right ia doing so too. A veryclovsr man once said upon this subject that Pops' lines needed reversing, and that considering tbo fftjao view lo widely disseminated abont (ho Divino Being, iho lino ought to be "An honent God's tho noblest work of man," In tpeakiugof those who had tried-the " flesh," acd found it to fail, nnd then tell back with a tired- with-tho world piety upon the book of EcclesiRStop, Mr Duds was extromely ciustio. Monsstioiom and Puritanism find no favor with him, and there is a wholosomo wcrldliucss about his tiaching, which makes bim peculiarly adopted for a preacher in a yenng city, r>>Hikcturo to tho young ladies on the Re formation muet have boon vory good, as ho ia jiut the theologian to value that great reli gious clmugo at its real worth, Anothor groat item iu tho suoocsb of Mr Dods' preaohiog is bis constant ond unwavering adheaion to the claims of moral theology as opposed to tho mora reiteration and vocal enforcement of 1 etitfeipatodand stultifying creeds. His pulpit watchword is, " 1 ought," and ho brought this cut vory markedly in speaking of those who rsxnemb r their brother who is riob, but who du uot rmembor their brother who is poor, nnd perhaps their servant; and of thoHQ who, whih t remembering that thoir brother has a bouI to bo fiavod, forgot ho has a body to bo olothed nnd fed. Now, this soutenco was delightfully practical, nnd was worth u whole box full of cut nnd dried sermons on tho " Imputed RightoousnGBr," or tho "Eternal procession ol the Holy Ghost." Thrre is life, and power, and soul in snoh word just que ted, aud they mny be tnkoo as tho hoy uotoof the music ot nil Mr Bod's sermons. nucu uiuuu lur buu ni'Sfl limo thnt. Godsend (o fnonpablo clergymen (aud their mur.o is lfgion) Chut lis Simeon's "Suale- tons ol Sermons" the Father ot Lady Holland,' nskod, " mid more," can theBO dry bones live? und ouo in not at all surpriRod at tho deadnoiR of the churches to-day, when ono romomboia tnu corps» -1 ko nntriment they recsiva on Sua- dnys, post hoc aj/o propter, hoc'. Tho. apirit mention od in tho text was defined, and most properly too, ni tho lovo of God, and tbo sor mon concluded with thU!maguificent idsathAt in proportion as 'wo cense to lovo ourielv.ea'&nd; lay ont ourselves for others, ho does the love of' God become ours, (what an . instance " Sister Dora" was of this). T Tho 'preacher said that tho parent who loved hii child from proper motives, tho mau who 00 a waste put u light in his window to iavo travellers at night from danger, and per haps death; tho man who attended to tho sani tary nrrangomenta of bis neighborhood for tho benefit of others— all these, inasmnoh as thoy woro leaving off to love self, wore, to tho snmS degree that they did so, beoomivg recipients of the lovo of God, The flesh could give no satis- faoliou. Wo all know that, bnt that spirit which the text spoke of could and did, Somo j&undicad; minded fool has said that "a wantot definite dootiine amongst Scotchmen drives thorn into preaohiog morality," Well, if so, Heaven be praised that it does, bat fowor men aro capable of preaching a doctrinal sermon than the B.D. of tho Soots' Ohurcb, Mel bourne. IBut ho is wise. 'He can soe tbat the inculcation of everyday duty is far boforo tho teaching 0! a high pressure, fAntastio, unwork able set ot theological Actions, and no doubt thinks Josh Billings was right whon ho said tbnt if a man was religious ho shows it whan weighing out"taturr," ALPHA, 