TWO OLD BACHELORS. The following' fine bit of character writing is from the first chapter of Robert Buchanan's new romance called ' Annan Water ' : — It ? was Martinmas Sunday. The evening service was just over, and the congregation, more than usually scanty, nad dispersed jtself over the Moss to wards tho various farms and bielils which were Scattered here and there upon! it. A light still burned in the vestry, while Solomon Mucklebaukit, the sexton, waited in the porch for the minister to come forth. 'There'll be snaw the night,' ho muttered, placing the key in the oaken door, preliminary to lockingup ; ' there'll be snaw the night, or I'msair uiiata'eu. And the Annan's rising — it's snawing noo amang the hills.' So) saying, he peered out into the dark night, looking inland, where black clouds wore gathering and blotting out the faint -rays of the full moon. Tho wind; was crying, and blent with its cry was another fainter sound, that of the troubled \ nuan, which flowed seaward scarcely a stpne's throw away ' ? Close to him, arid to right, and left of him, stretched the old kirkyard jn which he had been sexton, man, and, boy, for forty, years.' Here and, there in the dimness flashed a tombstone, and every where the, rough graves rolled like a sea. .Ho lookod out impatiently, while, a sudden gust of wind crossing the kirk yardj'struck the old, church till it shook again, and died away like low thunder in. the direction of the Firth. _ ? - ??? .''.What's keeping tuemeenisterp'.'.lie : murmured impatienfc'-y. 'It'» time wo'. .were1 baith hanie.' ' '. ? : As he Bpoke, there flitted before him on the grass-grown footpath something. like H human? figure, with a gleam, of white like a dress fluttwiing in the wind. 'Wha's there?' he cried, starting nervously. ...-,?? In a moment the figure vanished, dis appearing, along the footpath towards -the church gate ; and simultaneously a low moan, as of a human creature in pain, rose and died upon the chilly air Had Solomon beon a auporstitious man, instead of the most matter of fact human creatures, he might have sus pected something supernatural in a presence so mysterious, coming at such an hour and in such a place ; but as it was, ho simply grumbled to himself, audibly expressing his dislike of 'grace- less hizzics ' who came hanging about tho sacred spot after dark. i\\-r the kirkyard was a favourite trysting -and courting place of rural lovers of all ages, whose goings on scandalised holier members of the population, especially Solomon tho sexton, who was an old bachelor, and a misogynist into tho bargain. To the cry ot seeming agony ho paid no heedt attributing it to the pranks of someone or other of the 'graceless hizzies' aforesaid, play tho ghost and trying to 'scaur' or fright the lawful cuatodian of the place. All at once the light in the vestry was extinguished; and the minister, a man of about fifty years of age, ap peared on the threshold, wrapt in a heavy winter cloak and carrying a thick staff. ' Lock up, Solomon, my man,' he said. Solomon obeyed, turning the key in the inner door, and then that of the outer one of solid oak, while the minis ter stood waiting on the path. Then the two, side by side, and with much the same kind of mechanic trot, passed across the churchyard, pausing now and again to struggle with the fierce 'gusts, and to hold on their headgear — the sexton his Sunday ' bonnet,' and the minister his broad-brimmed clerical hat. Beaching the iron gate, which was rattling and creaking in the wind, they descended three moss-grown steps, and reached the highway. Here all was pitch dark, f or;the shadow of tall yew trees fell from the other side deepening the nocturnal blackness ; but, crossing the road, they opened another gate, crossed the garden where the yew' trees grew, and reached the door of the manse. Standing here in complete shelter, thoy heard the ' sough ' of the blast overhead among the tossing boughs, like the wild thunder of a stormy sea. The manse was a plain two-story building, as old as the times of the Covenant, and containing numberless cheerless chambers, the majority of which were- unfurnished. Here the Hev. Sampson Lorraine had dwelt in solitude for fiVe-and-twenty years. He had come to' tbe place as a shy young bachelor, a student and a bookworm, and despite all tbe sieges that had been laid to his hearfcr as was inevitable in a place where marriageable men were few and spinsters- many, a bachelor he had remained ever since. People said that a love disappointment in early life had mado him thereafter invulnerable to all the charms in women, but at first his single condition) made him very popular. Presently,, however, as his position as a bachelor grew more con firmed, and his eccentricities increased, he ceased to awaken much interest. For the rest, he was- a ripe,, if somewhat pedantic, scholar, and! a constant 'con- tributor to a journal of Scottish antiquities published; from, month to month in Edinburgh, Opening the door with a latchkey, he entered a bare lobbyr andi striking a light, led the way into- a- larg» room on the ground floor. It was- scantily fur nished with an oldi caoopei, an old fashioned circular table with drawers, and several chairs ; but on, the walls were numerous shelves-,, oovwed with books. The roomi had two'liar-ge- windows looking on the bock law-% which sloped down to the riyerr hub' was- without curtains of any kind. A fire burned on- the heariili, and a rude box of peat fuel stoodi by the fire side. One side of the- table- was spread with a clean clothe on which, stood a tray with bread, oatcake^. eh«ese, and butter, a large stone water Jug, a black bottle, and some glasses. 1 ' Sit ye down,. Solomon^.'' said the minister, placing a lighted candle on the table. Solomon stood,, hat in ha-ndL Every Sunday evening for. nmajt & long year he had entered the- house ia the same way, at the same hour, and received the same invitation. Seen in the dim light of the room, the sexton was a little,, widened, white haired man, with hoary bushy eyebrows, keen gror eyes, and sunken, sun tanned cheeks. He- w-as dressed in decent black, with, a white shirt, and the kind of collar known in Scotland as ' stick-ups.' Theminister on the other UiWlU, nUQ UUU -»11U- OUUWtVUai UUlblV) with a round, boyish faee- gentle blue eyes, and mild, good-humoured mouth. His hair was white- as snow,- and foil almost to his shouldem. ' Sit ye down,, sit ye down,' he re peated ; ' and tek* a gljMH* — the night is cold.' Solomon placed' his bonnet carefully on the edge of the table, and seated himself respectfully on one of the cane bottomed chairs. Then, leisurely and solemnly, he poured out a glass of raw spirit. Meantime Mr. Lorraine, having divested himself of his cloak and hat, sat down in the armchair by the fireside. ' Here's fortune, sir,' said Solomon, drinking off the whisky ; then, wiping his mouth with his sleeve, he sat bolt upright and expectant, waiting if his superior had anything more to say. ? ' We had but a small gathering the night, Solomon,' observed, the minister thoughtfully. ^ ' Fifteen folk, no counting the bairns.; but we hae preached to fewer. I mind last wiuter,. when tho snaw was on tte groun', we had but three at afternoon Bervico, forbyo Mysio Simpsod aud mysel'.' Tho minister laughed gently. ' I am afraid the new lights awj too much for us,' he observed. 'Xoung Mr. Lunderdalo up at the Knoytes has, they toll me, a great congregation.' ' Solomon drew himself up aad gave a snort of contempt mingled with defiance. 'Sae ye had yourself, when folk thought ye wore1 a mairrying man, air. I hae seen the auld kirk crainin'd to the door, and twiy-ttyrds mairrageable laBses and their mithora ; but noo its a gb'dluBs generation \ ' Tho minister fixed his eye thought fully on the fife as h© replied :— ' I'm afraid we are behind the times, Solomon, 'Wo are both of uabeooming old, and tho young folk are growing up on every side. There's marrying ''ano christening everywhere, and still we two remain alone. In a little while, Solomon, wo shall be called to our account, with out having known, either of us, the blessing that woman's love can give, or tho comfort that comes with the cry of bairns.' ' Ye mind what St. Paul Baid, sir ?' said the other doggedly — ' and women are kittle cattle !' 'I suppose that's good philosophy, but it's small comfort, Solomon, my man. I think I should have been a happier man if I had married !' The sexton smiled incredulously and shook his head ; then, with as near an approach to a smile as his withered features could command, he said slily and sarcastically : — ? 'It's never owro late to men', sir. You're a hale man yet, Lord kens ; and three or fower I wat o' wad jest snap at ye ! There's Miss Dalrymple o' the MearnB, and the Weedow Burness, and ? ' ' No, no, Solomon,' said Mr. Lor raine, laughing ; ' you overrate my chances; and, whether or no, I'm far o'er old to try matrimony now. But it's a lonesome life, a lonesome life ! Whenever I hear the school bairns cry ing in the street, I envy those that have little ones to dandle upon the knee. I have no kith or kin — nay, scarce a friend, in all the world.' ' Ye hae vie, sir,' returned Solomon, in a low voice. ' No that I wad liken raysel' to a meenister and a scholar like yoursel' ; but I hae been your clerk for nigh thirty years, and auld acquaintance is kindly, like clean linen. Atweel, is it no better to be a free man than to hae a scoldin' wife, or bairns that gang the deil'a road, like mony i' the parish ? And if you wad tak' a gless noo au' then to cheer your heart, you'd find it a bettor comforter thantano ortither!' With this pregnant sentence Solomon rose to go, while Mr. Lorraine, without responding, continued to look dreamily at the fire. ' Are ye mmdin' the funeral the morn ? ' the Boston asked, taking up his bonnet. Mr. Lorraine nodded. ' Can I bring ye1 anything before I gpng to bed ? I maun rise at&ve; to. fe«niah the grave.' ' No ; go to bed. I shall sit op and read a littlo.' 'Weel, good-night,, sir:' ' GJood-night, Solomon.' Thereupon Solomon left the room, closing; the door softly behind bain. Lighting a candle in the lobby, he- made his wajf quietly to his chamber in the upper part of the house;, where he slept, and which- was, indeed, the- only cham bor in the- manse, excepting; the- minis ter's sitting room and adjpiuing bed room, which- contained- any furniture. The minister sat for some time musing, then- with a sigh he took a book from the shelves and began to read. It was a volume1 of old sermons,, written by a south-country clergyman;, imoas sioned, wrathful, and in the' narrow seuse Calvauistic. As he' readi,. the wind roared round the house;, and moaned in the- chimneySj and- Battled the shutterless- windows ;; but as- the wind rose tho darkness decreased,, and the vitreous rays! of the moon, began playing on the window. panes Mr. Lorraine lib Wb pipe- — the- only luxury in which Jho indulged ;: for- des pite his plump figure,, whicht he- in herited, he was- abstemious- arid) a teetotaller. Thea,. with' another- sigh, he rose and walked; thoughtfully up- and down the room*;, paused at.on*- of the windows, and looked dowa on the moonlighted lawn; which sloped: to-the ?rivoraide ; talking all the time- to-Mi»- self, as was his confirmed habit.. ' Ay, ay, a wild, night !: — andi snow coming, Solomon says !:' Eerie;, eerie- is the sough of the wind in the treess. It minds me ever of her;, and wheni the moon's up it iB-like the shining; o£ her face out of the- grave.. Wee- Maar jorie? my bonnie- doo .' Thirty long years ago she died;, and. I'm. stilt Here ! still here !' Tears stood in- the old mmi's-eyes as he looked out: in a dreaim. Through the long yearttof/loneliness- andi poverty. — for his living; was indeed) a-pao? one — he had cherished the-memony. q£ one who had goneaway from- himito. God when only inih'er eighteenth, yonin ' She was* a grand scholar;, tho' a lassie and so young,'' he- murmured, after a pause:. ' I taught hoivth& Latin and the 'Greek, and eho-teiodi to teach me the French, but-I waa-o'er blate to learn a new-fangled; tongue-.. Mar iorie ! my own bonnie Maiijouie-t lean hour her voice singing; stills, as. when we were lassiaud lad.' Presently he walked; to. th© circular table, and unlocking a. dnaiwer, drew forth seroral old schoolbooks- and some sheets off time-worn music-.. He turned them ow»r gently, hke-a»maa touching sacred, things. One off tha books was Xenophon's 'Anabasis,.'' another Ovid's ' Metamorphoses,'' a» third a book of French grammar and exercises ; and on the iiyleaf of each, was. written in a protir/ feminine han-£ frhe owner's name. — ''-Marjorie Glen*.'' Tbe same name., wnsi written on all the- pieces of music but on% on which was* inscribed, in faded ii.uk and in the, some hand, these wards :— To dearest Sampsoa, with Marjor o'a lew- I The piece waa an old Scotch song of infinite beauty and pathos — the y-]ti»nd p' the Leal.' . He opened it, and read tbe.- wc*da sadly, with titoswoot old mua& ringing in his ear :— ? ? I'nx wearing awa', Jean, I ik» wiavr fehea it'e th.»*, Jean, l'ia wearing awn' to Th» Laud o' the Heait alipuud .away since tho augek in that shining land had beekonea, and the littlo himd had put down thu sheet of musio, and the loving heart had' grown .eaM mid still! Closo to the hooks and musio, in . a oovner of tho drawer, was a packet of old letters, bound with a silken ribbon which the writer had once \yorn in her hair. Tho old man took np'the packet without opening it, and kisaed it Te verently j . then, with streaming eyes, .h« knplt down before .his ohair, covered his face with'his hands, anil prayed. ' Marjorie ! my pet 1 my ionny doo !' he said aloud. ' Can you hear my voice calling you where you sit and sing among the angels of God ? He tooK you from me when ye were little more than a bairn, and fie left me to toil alone, though He gave me strength to thole mytroublo and live on, You'ro a bairn stiLJ, my Marjorie, and I am old, old ; yoar hair's golden stiM, my pet, but mine is like the snow. Will you ken me when me meet at last ? Ay, ay, it will ber a strange meeting that — between an old, old man and » bairn! But though the body grow* weak and old, the heart keeps young, and I love you still my doo. May the Lord God that took you from me have you in His keeping, Marjorie, now and for evormore. Amen !' 