;BOHOESiO M1IfFELBOUJANE. • ['? T-sE GUOS0.]T ... .,!.After "anll, " the:.Cup" isnot such an " . ,unmixed evil as. Mr.:.Nimmo,_ the' 'sten torian-lunged :memaber:, for South' .Mel :bourne, would havre us believe. -Underits , -holiday:influences the. Council has ceased : from troubling, and with the . exception of some three hours the 'Assembly, i during the week, has been at rest. During the' short period, however, which the people's .'t representatives'devoted to work,:some im-: portent.:business :was transacted.' The . Railway 'Bill, was :passed through com a rmittee,and the' measure reported to the House., In all probability the fate of the :Kerang to Swan Hill extension will .be decided on' Tuesday or Wednesday, - and the "G reat, Octopus Extended'.. be ready, for transmission to 'the,.Upper House. It, is quite an accepted fact that.for .many of thelines the Council will prove the bourne . from which no travellers return. Some of tlie. cross country" railways are certain to be excised, the only,,doubtful question bleing;in regard to ,which- of the proposi -tions not contained in thoebill :first intro duced by the Government ,are to. be sub-. jected to, the operation' of ; the cpruning :,,knife. The.vision of the Council in the background has .enabled: the Ministry to ,maintain.its equanimity, and Mir. Gillies. _:to show that exasperating coolness so dis .,concerting to., his opponents, while,,line after linewas forced upon them...e ' Thank Heaven; we have the Upper House I" was ":.once the. pious ejaculation, of. one of our statesmen:.during the evil,days of the Stonewall and the- Iron, Hand; In, these piping times of Coalition peace there may \- e equal reason for repeating the thanks ,giving. With a stagnant popuiltion; has ,it ever occurred to, our legislators to ask themselves " what the. position of.. the farmers will be.during harvest time,, when: all: the ;available labour, of the colony is. employed: navvying ? . If: voting: lines is undertaken with a heart .as light as that with which France went, to war with : .Germany,. conestrutling,.them is likely to: make as many psorrowful ones as,.did the upshot of that "trium hhal .march ,to: Berlin. "..It was perhaps. a: bold game to announce that we had four or five millions to expend,,; and under ordinary circum stances would, no, doubt, "have attracted that'" bone and muscle" of which politi cians are so fond of prating. .Biit New' South Walest-at this. particular, moment the bete noire of Victoria-lias trunped our • "best.card by, announcing that ishe. is about to .devote ten -millions to her railways. .,Well may, ive,exelaim? with BIunthorne, -" Crushed again " .... . ' True.to.their.Fabian policy, the Ministry ' announced .on ,Wednesday, through. the. Chief Secretary, that it is gt their inten tion to introduce the promised.bill:for amending the Licensing Act ".durin gthe. present session.". Mr Derry. might,'had lie been disposed to tell the whole truth. in 1\. regard tothe measure, •have added " ior next session either, if the, Government can helpit.', The questionof ,Local.Optionis ohne surrounded wvith diflic'ultiesi- to .,,. Parliamentary: candidates att all events h.elience the desire.to stave it off a ilong as po. pssible. When' next session coies it will, doubtless, be found expedient not'to consider. the matter in a. moriibund House, .but to remit it to a new Assembly. Ap: es vowas le deluge will then be the motto, of 'iotiourablo gentlenoon. The election for South Melb?sirne-the first . contest :in " whiclihthe publicans acted in uinison-has somewhat damped the ardour of the teeto talers arnid infused. noew. life'. into "tlihe' 'Licensed "Victuallers Ass6ociaition,w'hich i'? future contests for Parliamentary? honourr will, now, that it' has discovered is strength, prove an importaint faetor.' In the absence of other questions more' weighty, Local . Option -, will .,come, to S th,. frot ntas .,,a . ' burning.,,question," and Ministers invariably desire.;toich-, ing this , class , of ,; article, enteotain nog in regard to 'them .the same, feeling ,i burnt childjis p?roverbially said t to ex perience in respect to fire. Thle Govern ment scent dairger in the air.' The imatter is one,.in which 'no middle course ca.i. be, siteeied; and every.one appears agreed that it is suirrounded with peril to the existence. .of any Ministry that deals, vith it, It has . een variously described, according to. the proclivities ..of. he, cribes, who :have devoted their att on to it. By those of a nautical turn of mind it has beei' desig-' nateod i?s a '- rock, ahead.''.:. Poetically disposed individualshave writteii of it, as '" .the, little reft in the lute " .'while :the religiously' and devoutly disposed among Sthe community are wont to consider it, as, Sthe little cloud'no bigger, thin a ma?i's .hand," whlich is in time to overshadow the :violo politicalhorizoii; ind. ihe ircerevere Stalk ofthea question as','iticklish." :,Aware' of the consensus of opinion anent the oft ',promised Licensing Act Amendmen,. Bill,: and not belonging to the class that. "rush in "- here others "'fearto tread,".is it, to be.' vondered . t that Mr.. Service and. ihis colleagues hesitate about tackling the question . . .mitation is said to b? e ,the most sincere form flattery can assume, andJour Yankee cousins silihould therefore be in the seventh, heaven of delight inview, of ,the , ridicule: which' ?the Britisher ' has ·from. timie :to. time cast on American customs to see how closely we are .in some. espects acclimna : tising; "new world': institutions. The practice of ,"'interviewing notabilities"i who visit our shores hasn.of late. been in-' dulged in to an extent which, to borrow an' adjective from .thie advertising draper's vocabulary, promises, to, beconie "alarm ing." No sooner does ,f.anyone,' who, in somebody's opinion, is " someone,', set fiot in Victoria than straightway heo.is visited by '. our special reporter " and put throughi an interrogatpry,' ,besiide ' l f."theo .''shirter catachisr '" is i mere. bargatelloe .. u dd by comparison completely' dwarfs the 'inqusitoiril capacity of tihe Presbyterian. Asembly. Tie opinions thus' elicited at tihe point of the bayoneotv-which weapbni Sfor t nonce assumes thei form of 'theo rng pressiima's pen- are at onci' given t thre world as though tlheoy 'riep of th'e" reat est Weigh. anid yqlae. Now,lthtouglr it is certainly righlt .it. '.re shoddld' bh' onaled at tiu?des to realise the aspiration qft B iurnsi en4" see ourselves as $tlhers see' 's.',§" it'] hdlY fstbo"? yjctorianis,nor to' l?o '?wiro ass? a'lled upon to pronounce .u;dgmeinct hiefoye tley hve ,time to know ~Uytlriiy'- abous; theta strit" of. hap itrgard~ ' " clin i his'' ',utterfances shliould Se pliced on repod. Opinioi'n ttis g.etherid is l irdhly likely. t hiosvery :ialuable. ,,ill the Governors of ;tirh 'adjoining 'colo0nies, for i cnva whe?n asked: to give ,i lheir',imipess'iqn .' iil ;r~d. ' 'relgad :Mel 'iai eCqp a e 'tire arorag?nirs .udo istewards ofeVl'l Criet urn any reply that wquld'hlirave' placed thiem in the c"a:tegor?yofearing critiqs? As ovell ox haveo bnben"exatiating on the"age anid quality 9f yoir wind to turnroundand .ell you it hId' given him':; sti omach ache'! M, . Patterson, tlho ,Erepier s colleague in tire represenitation of Cnstlemine in the isembly, has i'turned from his trip, in 'ipperiandea~tliiniher: in?ai: ii'niicnd, let-us :roe,awiserone. Hehas eiideb" anqtietted" i M'ellihourl ?by? his friends, and "At ,: • .astleraine: 'by- his,. conetiteonti2 '"At' neoitl'ie fes?itvrv, gttflierii?' "i it recorded' tlit there wih a 'keleton present. Yet,' theisi surely inust have,been dne preseditt?, the'filld's e~ye"of the ionoitable gnitle-' man, said perhaps amid- the cheers .his' maya'at times liiive heid'thel wail of soine 'ivititib 'of' "'Bhiick' Wedieied'ly1', foaul deed. -Why;;itd iiair bd asked, recall this: S.heark' episode :of our hisfory~P:' Whj;:'it may be replied, blot it out ? It is 'no?r close upon three :.centuries since Guy Fawk'es' very ' nearljr rdespatehed the :. .3BritishThliament on. an involuntary and • "idde upward. jbni'noy " ee;, "luring tie presen?ivdek numborloss urchins have told Ss 'iiih'shoi'ihsl?urbrd'oi lesed disc6rdAn't, that "thereeinnd rnason.i.why auch high treason. should ever be forgot." And if not thel S":astual Guido Faukeg bn' thIe " darkest dail'" in Victorian annals," Mr. Pit?erson was at '.. 9gvent?. oiieo tn d'? nspiton. .M?r, Ser'' .. • . ... :.. .,,..' : . ? .,:'.,o . . vice, has, however, either a ndon-retentive memory: or a very forgiving disposition. Only some dozen years have passed since what he,described as .the:!' crime- of Black Wednesday -.'was.perpetrated, and we find him attending ata dinner.to do hon6ur, to one .of its perpetrators. :."'Tis.a! queer .world, my masters." .. .:We , have hardly, done- congratulating ourselves dn:having got rid.of the small pox before the unwelcome -visitor is; again amongst-us. ;XUp to the present, however, only one case is under treatment, and it is hoped that the fell' disease has at, length been effectually stamped out.. i-The patient is, a Mrs: .Spreadbury,.and: were joking permissible .on. .o grave .a subject one might; bd;, inclined, to' surmise.that; the name; suggestive of unpleasantness to: the -general.case, is not a " sound of farr," to the auricular organs of theo undertaliers of the colony. ' n. -. -i - .. The Supreme Court has. been: occupied during a pbrtion of the week with. the breach of promise case of Edgin v. Homer, which has made itsre-appearance -before the justice seat in the form-of an :appli cation for a new trial. -'It will be'remem bered that on a former occasion the plintiff, a widow;,oyer:-whom .some fifty winters hlad shed their,:frosts, obtained .a yerdict against' the defendant with' £OO0 damages, in consequence of his refusal to ,undergo the ordeal of. a. marriage; cere-. umony. It now,turns out that the alleged ,widow is a' Mrs; Ricketts,'with a husband in the flesh, who alleges that the lady is in very truth;his long. ost beotterhalf. Mr. Horner naturally objects to pay anything for not entering the holy, state; with a woman he cannot legally wed.. After all a. few, love passages .withi a "widdy'" may not turn out so fraught with peril. as sur iised by the. elder, Mr. Weller, provided. alway'sshe be only a "grass widow.' .,i.:. As'is invariably,the case, all tlheitheatres have been crowded during "Cup-week.", At the Royal "The Silver King "i holds the boards, and at ithe Princess ?IThe Merry Duchess"J.has been.performed ,to' crowded audiences. Both these houses. belong to: the, same ýproprietary, which accounts'for .the lax way in which the tastes of the public are:provided-for.i "In the Ranks ?.is,nightly growing in popu-. larity at'tlhe? Ocera. House, and at the Bijou Miss,de Grey in ."-Moths "--a weak tr:vesti of one odf O uida's worst written novels--is'6ini g a fair business. Minstrels anmd .thought readindg seances provide 'amiusement 'for suhcl as, do" fb .patronise opera liouffeor the lIgiiiiiiteodrama; i ~, . Nov. 8... ' 