liUNDALJEIiG. [-'KOM OUlt OWN CORRESPONDENT.] May 28. J im knowledge that crushing has al ready ^commenced on some of the local plantations imparls a little apparent briskness to town afiaiis, but this will not be pronounced until Millaqum resumes operations in about a month lience, or earlier if the dreaded frosts should occur to compel planters to cut their cane to save it f.-om destruction. The crops generally look pretty well— the stand over is ieally good. Now that the railway opening festivi' ties are over, we ave trying to discover and appreciate the advantages of a daily train right through to Mount Perry. Railway* create Irallic anywhere, and 'it is only aqueslion of lime, aud tbe Mount Perry line will enjoy a 'urge traffic of con siderable variety.' 'Tlie obdurate Miles has at length unbended, and given the asked for sidi ng at the Mo J n t Perry mine. Bundabergians are now discussing the necessity for pushing the railway further inland, and of course Mount Perry does not quite see it. She will beau impor tant teiiniiius in a few months, and It' at will be worth holding on lo. Then will come all the hiUerne w of the old light between Brisbane and Ipswich. Meanwhile the railway is largely occu pied in tbe butchering business. On Thursday a horse got ou the line aud was duly served by the engine with a sudden notice ol' ejectment. Next night the up train met a c-nv, aud there was much minced beef thrown about. But the cow had some, of the fan loo, ,'o r she threw the locomotive clean oil' the rails aud nearly on its side. This was the poley's expiring effort. None of the pas sengers were hurt, the train going slow at (he time, but tlie railway peopie were put to much inconvenience, and there was no traffic ne:;t day. The injured locomotive was resln/cd to her lines and brought into Bundaberg on Sunday. Velocipede's signal failure to do any thing at tbe Brisbane races except stand at tne posi, greatly disappointed his numerous backers here, who laid sundry sos's on his chance. It would appear that so fa.- old Smart is not so much of a prophet outside his own district. He must come bacK here and sweep the local boards. Races are to be held at Gill Gin on 27tli June. About 30 sovs added money, ol which in goes to the principal handicap. The Mofinf Peiry races on 18th Jure, coming between Ga'yndah ami Bundabe 'g, promise lobe very successful. Reduced steamer faros were conceded to us a few weeks ago by Howard Smith aud Soils, who are very popular in conse quence. The A.S.N. Company have now followed suit. The former company are represented lieie by Captain Gerrard Smith, theresideutagent, who is pushing business actively. A really splendid hol„_ is ta be erected at the corner of Targo and Bourbon streets for Mr. D. M 'Kay, erstwhile host of tlie Custom Hoese. The plans tyere prepared by Mr. F. D. G. Stanley, of Brisbane, to the order of Mr. F. Colman, the ground landlord. The house when completed will contain over 50 rooms, and be second to nothing in either Bundaberg or Maryborough. Other new buildings are going up, including a two-storied business premises for Mr. F. Bliss, residence fo.- Mr. Ruddell, school additions, etc., and little jobs all over the place. The new Town Hall, for which the Council propi'se to borrow £1500, is how ever the trump card of the future amoiigst loeal builder-. Sir. Charles Powers, of Maryborough, has had tbe boldness to come forward as a candidate for a seat on the Baroliu Divisional Board. In his publ'shed address to (he ratepayers, he says : — One of my chief reasons for becoming a can didate is to try, with the co-operation of the Municipal Council and the assistance of the Government, to arrange for some permanent water supply fur the Woon garra Scrub, ami iu Bundaberg, aud I believe the reservation of the lands at the Elliott, and on the Hummock for a reser voir, the first step in tbe direction of securing the future supply for the dis trict. I believe the experience gained by me in the Maryborough Municipal Coun cil will be a benefit fo the ratepayers in dealing with matters going before the Board if 1 am chosen to represent them. The Bundaberg Gas Company's Bill is now prepared, and will be put through Parliament during next session. It is said that there is a warrant out for the arrest of the woodcutter employed on clearance of Bundaberg cemetery, he having obtained all or more than all monies due to him under his unfulfilled contract, and having (according to the same rumour) left Bundaberg without taking customary leave of his friends and creditors, workmen's wages being, so it is said, amongst the liabilities unpaid: hence the hue and cry. The unburied Bundabergians are discontented now and the ghosts mentioned in previous report still dissatisfied, but as Mr. Penny has warranted the trustees that he will see to the due completion of the contract it is probable no further cause of complaint will arise. This result is better than pay- ment of an unearned extra of £10. The wardsman at the hospital is under a month's notice to quit. The salary is £100, and the vacancy is to be advertised at once. The notice to quit would have probably been recalled at the intercession of one of tbe committeemen who was the aggrieved party, but it transpired that the cause of complaint was not unaccom- panied, so the determination of the Com- mittee was adhered to. I am sorry to hear that the charge under which the dismissal takes place is one of insubor- dination, for the wardsman is a fine soldierly fellow who has seen active ser- vice, and ought not to have got himself into a scrape. He is a great favorite with us, and we hope he may drop into some other good berth speedily, as with all his faults he has some sterling quali- ties. 