PITH AND POINT. Sheridan and other Irishmen in New York lmve farmed an Irish colonisation scheme, which already ombraces 100 families. A site of 22,000 acres has beon socurod in tbo San Louis Valley. Colorado. Tbe Grand Duke Serge of Russia, who is to bo married in tho summor to Princess Elizabeth of Hesse, lias purobased tho 13o)of>selHki Palace, on tho Font&nka;, in St. Poternburg. for £120.000. Prince Edward will soon bo of ago and of couho the British Parliament will be asked for an advance for him. It ia a pity rulers families like commoner peoplo aro not oompoUod to support their own children, Bubonic plague having appeared at Bedra, in the province of Bngdad, the Porto has sent orders to tho Vali ana the Gomm&nder-in-Ctiiof; of tbo province for tho establishment of a sani tary cordon round the infeoted district. At the instance of Count Moltko, a history of tbe wars of Frederick the Great is to be pub lished by tho General Staff, The materials will bo derived from tho secret State arohivos of Berlin and other German and foroigrcapitals. The Duchess of Albany ia residing at Claro- raont, in tho strictest soclu&ion.; with her mother tho Princess of Waldock-Pyrmont, who will remain on a visit to her daughter for some timejto come. Tho widourod Duchess will go to Germany in the Autumn, on a visit to her paronts at Arolsen. B9It ia not generally known that tho oldest | daughter of the presont Lord Lytton has taken up tho family pen, and although only abont fourtcon or fifteen years of ago has already printed and published for private circulation one of the most blood-curdling ghost stories tbat baa seen tho light for many a long day. The profits of tho International Fisheries Exhibition amount to fifteen thousand pounds. Two-thirdBof this sum will bo devoted to tho benefit of the widowo and orphans of fisher men, presumably through the instrumentality of somo Sooiety or Insurance Association to bo formed for tho purpose ; threo thousand pounds will go to form a Royal Fisheries Society for eoiontifio work in connection with tbo harvest of tho sea ; whilst tho balance romains inhand, at presont unappropriated, ' 