SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. The entries for the Melton Races, to be held on the 19th inst, will close to- day. As this pretty little village is now connected with the metropolis by railway, the meeting should receive some patronage at the hands of Melbourne horse owners. Ihe acceptances for the Penshurst Uandi caps must also be made to day Mr Evans, feeling dissatisfied at the weight put upon his horse Vanguard in the A J C Hurdle Race and Steeplechase, has scratched lum for both éventa. Ow ners and trainers of racehorses are ro minded that acceptances for the M llhams tow n Races, to be run on Taster Monday, aro due to da}, and must bo made boforo 4 p m, at Bowes Australian Hotel, Bourke streot west, or at the Steampackot Hotel, ?\\\ llliamstown, before 0 p m rLSITRNWICk PARK RA.CLS Owing to the attraction of the intercolonial cijjht our boat race and the unsettled aspiet ot the weather, tlie attendance on the Llstcrnw ick park course w as not so numerous as such an excellent afternoon M sport de served '1 hough ho has hardi} vot recovered from his recent illness, Jlr llios Haydon lins airead} mude Bomevery useful nltera tions in tho arrangement of the course A judgo s box has been erected on tho same side of tho course as the uland from tho back of w Inch a large bl ickbonrd gives lull in lormation as to tlie scratclnngs Tor the rucea Somo new buildings ure to be erected shorth, not tho least important of which is a weigh ing room, which will be placed closo to the entrance of the saddling paddock In several small mattera tho eomtort and convenience of tlio visitors have been studied, and it is evident that tho new secretar} intends to neglect nothing that w ill malte the course at tractive to the public. 1 he racing com meuccd with the HuuUe Race for which seven horses started lhc winner was Ned Ive)]} who Blurted tlio favourite Merri, who w as also fancied did not run under Mr W Pearsons colours, the horse having | chanted hands Iho eight horses coloured on the card carno to the post m tlio Maldon lrot lhe lirst heat was won in good Btylo 1} black 1 nicker, who trotted very Btcudil} throughout. Several of the other competitors show ed pace, but they lost all chance through bren! HIL, Sib} 1, Sparrowhawk, and Maid of Mona wero distanced in tlio first heut Bluck I rucker w on the second heat and tho nice, Lubra being second on both occasions '1 he 1 Ivvood II tndicap biougbt out 10 starters 1 he finish was n fine one the winner being Honora. Cracknell brought up PnestcBS with a great rush, but timed his effort a mo mont too late Countr}man was a ver} closo third Hie Ghost won the Selling Race ni fine st}le and as the winner did the five fur longs in lm 0s , he c\cited Bome keen com petition His owner had to pa} the club Cb guineas for the pnv ilcc,e of keeping his horse 1 he racing concluded with the Llsternvvick park Handlea,! for w Inch 11 horses started Agatha who was made n Btrong favourite won comforttbh Iho follow ing are the details of the riicmg - HUIIDTE RACE Of 60 6019 Olio milo mul a half Mr J Calvert9 _,r g N<>d li «11} by Lucifer Stnugelor mnro 6}ra lOut iib (Batt}) 1 Mr G Glasscook s br ir Don Alouzo, 6 yrs, lout. 81b (JI Leod) 2 Mr h Wooka gr e lirst lr}( aged, Ost Gib (Lvcrott) 3 lion VV 1 carson s b g Morrl, G }rs, lost 61b (Kinc) 0 Mr T H Waters b g Outlaw, Gjrs, Ost Gib (earned Ost 131b ) (Crue) 0 Mr Vi UULIOV S bl li Hunter, 6 j ra, Ost 21b (carried Ost 41b) (Maxwell) 0 Captain Ltatuoss b g \auoo 6 }tfi, Oat (Rovvo) 0 liettlnc-2 to 1 Bust Ned Holly, 4 to 1 acst Morrl C to 1 a^st an} other rirst Try and \anco led away Hunter who junipoil verj wildly tlirow lils rider at the first hurdle Mnxvvcll however, held on to the rolns, and tnanaLod to pul! up the horso and remount 1 asslng the stand Merri was lea Ung Ned Kell} lion Vlonzo Yanco and Outlaw vvoronexthi that order and well spread out At tho hurdlo past the stan I Morrl tell and got aw a} First Try went to tlio front as they ran alonv, tho back strotch ^nnoo and Ned Kollv woro next in that order Don Alonzo lost a good deal of ground through jumping badi} Down tho hill at the far end ot tho course, lirst Try and \auoo woro together lu tho front Ned Kell} and Don Alonzo were next and close up lirst li} led Into the straight vvhero Don Alonso caine up fast Hull wa} up tho straight Ned Koli} put on a eood spurt and dashing to tho front won easil} li} ncarl} thrco lengths Don Alonzo was second Hrst Tr} wai thlud Outlaw and \anco woro noxt tot ether, about eight lengths aw a} Timo 2m 6"îs MATDEH TllOT, Of no Bovs (in harness only ) for colonial bred horsci that hav e nev cr vv on an a lv ortisc I pi izo One milo heatâ best two in three , bvveep of 2 8ûv s to go to second Mr T lancasters bl g Black Tracker aeed (Lancaster) 1 1 Mr P O Hoddy s bl ni I ubra aired (Roddy) 2 - Mr Millson!« bl m Nellie aged (Milsoin) 3 0 Mr I Hobbins b g SI arro v hawk 6}ra(Uol bins) dist Mr! J Uj lohn selikSorcnader ai»e ((Upjohn) 0 0 Mr M K AlbaULhs 11 g Black 1 rince ü }rs Mr li Bradfield s b m Slbv ! n.c 1 (Bradflcld) dist Mr P G Dixons b in Maid of Mona (I j is (Giles) dist 1 irst Heat Betting-2 to 1 each a"st Black Tracker nnd Sorcnoder 6 to 2 agst Lubra 3 to 1 agst Maid of M na \f ter a coin lo of attempts a v orv good start vv as offeoted Nellie IJIaok Tracker and Screnftdor bcine ii Iront Sparrowhawk and Lubra wore along while In getting Into their strido Tho first throo led round the turn In tho same order Golm, along tho 1 aok stretch Maid of Mona passed Scronoricr anil Black Traokcr but lort her adv antaño by broakh g badly Black Traokor then went to tho lout and soon cstab lished a strong lead Nellie Mai 1 of Mona nnd Scrciiador wero togethor about four lengths awa} Maid of Moni tundo another nin up to BCCOII 1 place but breaking I adl} droyii ed back nj»aln and I libra ligan to draw up to the lending division Black Trackor led ull the way homo and won easll} 1} thro Icneths lubra who carno fast at tho finish was second, Nellie was third, about live leii|»tlis away Socon 1 Heat Betting-Fv cn on Black Tracker The favourito was the first to show In fiont nftei the word was then bore! oder wont up level with him as the} ran alone, tho back stretch Lubra was next about three lengths away bcrcnodcr broke as the} dcscei dt 1 tho hill and lofat croun I Lubra uiadc a good effort oomliiL. home, but Black Tracker who finished like a workman, caine in a winner b} 10 lengths Lubia was second, vvitli Serenuder very close up Black Irlnce was next Time, Jin 61s FLWOOD HAVDICAI, Of 50 sovs Thrco qunrtors of a mile Mr T Whittingham a l>r I Honora 1>} Hawthorn den-Ivocj sako. 3}rs Ost Hlb (Bacchus) 1 Mr T Ililli} s D in Priestess, 6 yrs Ost 121b (Cracknell) 2 Mr I Wcoks ch c Countr} man, 4}rs Ost 121b (Klug) 3 Mr A baqul s b o Mlstako 4 v rs Oat 81b (Brow n) 0 Mr W Lantlo} s b h Stationer, 0 }n> 8st 6lb (Johnson) 0 Mr I 1 onlsham s l> g lunga Head, 4}r8,7at 81b (Ivlni}) 0 Mr M Mini ion« n bl loll} J }ra 7st (Williams) 0 Mr 1 Mahon s br g Mickey Trio 6 } rs (1st 1.1b (Mahon) 0 Mr M. Field s br o Mozart 2 v rs Ost 81b (Blair) 0 Captain Dullness br f lelicin 2 vrs Ost Gib (Flanacan) 0 Bcttiiic, -4 to 1 each n^st Mickov Tree an 1 Kings Head 6 to 1 each atst Countryman, Mlstako Priostes* Honora an 1 Mozart Tho horses went aw a} to a utrajeUng start Sta tlouer waa leading with Honora well forward on ti o outside hint s Head au 1 Countr} mau wero next in that order MiBtako got away badi} and MIcko} Freo was last of all Itcvihing the far turn Honora had tho lead Stationer w is v cry oloso up 1 olly Klug ti ¿load anl Couutrviuan wire next Honora intcred the straltht In front Kings Heud was beaten and Countr} man gav o chaso to the leader Honora held hor lea 1 all the way to the |Kist, Cracknell blouc,ht up lrlestoss with a treuieiidotis rush and was only beaten by a nick Lou ittjuian wasa voiy eloso third btatiouei was fourth and Mozart tilth lune, lui 171a. hFrtlNO «AC! Of MsovB rive furlones Weicht for nee with usual se Hint allowances Winner to bo sold for GO Mr J O Held a oh t Tlie Ghost hy Hamlet M}stcry byra. J. 0 iat 111b (Su ellon) Mr L Weeks a bo Lcporello 2} rs, coo "st 41b (Blair) Mr J D Roi crtson fl b m Quietude 4 yrs £20 "st 121b (Burton) Mr 11 Connolly s b m Lalla Rookh 4 } ra £20, "at 121b (Gardiner) Mr S Millers bro Anadian, 3 y ra nil 7st 21b (Olds) Mr T II Waters b g Outlaw, 0 yrs, £10 8st 41b (Smith) Mr I vnuss eli f Refrain, 3 }ra nil, 7st 21b (Brown) Betting -tv on and 6 to 1 aDst Anagram, 2 to 1 agst Lcporollo After ono or two attempts tho lot vv era sont away on even terms Anec, rum heil u thu first to show In front llcfraln Lcporollo and Ouletu le were next. Lalla Rookh was last Anaeram held lils 1 .ad round the fal turn where Lcporello hal gone up second Qulotudo Refrain and Iho Ghost were next In that order The horses rundown the hill at a terrific p ice, Anagram holding his place till reaching tho turn for homo where The Ohopt assumed the load ond finished a winnot by two leiit[tliH Lcirarcllo was second, Qulotudo third,Outlaw fourth Hifralu anti Anagram next and ah v cry closi Timo, lui 0s l'LSTEHNWICK 1 AUK HANPICA1 0Í76S0V8 Second to recebo 16 sovs out of stake Ono milo and 80 } arila Mr J A Lang's br f Agatha bj Yattendon Agnos 8 yrs 7st lib (Cracknell) 1 Mr H Connolly ns I) in Raillery, 6 yrs, Ost 131b (carried 7st 21b ) (Oardlnor) 2 Mr S GardlnorsbfL}ona Lady, 8 }rs, Ost. 111b (Barr) 3 Mr S Mahons br t Lesbia 4 yrs 8st 01b (Burton) 0 Mr W Langley s br h btatloncr 6 } ra Sat (John son) 0 Millers b ni Cooroona, 6 yrs, 7st. 101b 0 "st 41b (Salidora) s 0 Mr J G Held s b f Impulse 4 } ra 7st (carried 7at 31b )(S vallo») 0 Mr J WIilttlnthuin? b(Nutlad, aged Ost 1311 (Baldivis) 0 Mr J Cleelands olio Cupola, Syrs Oat 71b (W11 llama) 0 Mr J Cripps8 br c King bol 3 ¡re, Ost 71b (carrie 1 7«£. 01b ) (Brown) 0 Betting -6 to 4 agst Agatha, S to 1 agst Koli 1 noor, 0 to 1 each agst Raillery, Cooroona, Lyons Lady and, Lesbia King Sol, Stationer, and Cupola wero first away , Cooroona and Raillery wero all behind Boforo going far Ñutlad joined tlio leading division Descending tho hill from the ontranoo gato Agatha went up fast, and boforo nvaohing tho turn for homo she waa lead intr Agatha won oomfortably by thrco lengths. Knlltory was second and Lions Ladv third , St» tloncr and King Sol wore next. Time, 2m 6J3. COL-IwUM RACE MEEIINU SECOND DAY [_Y1M._,U1-VPH] OllOSt OUll OU N COltltESl OVDBNT ) COE1 KAINr SATUnDAV Tho attendance at the Coleraine racecourse to dny wns oven Jnrger than yesterday The wen thor was beautiful, and the racing good lhere were excellent Holds, und nearly nil the events were keenly contested Great interest ivns manifested in the Steeplechase w hieh was Avon by the fav ounte Chippen hum nfter a hard struggle with Gilderoy A good number of bookmakers wore present at the meeting Tho following aro the re Bults - ALT, AGED STAKES, Of 20 BOA u. About ono nillo Mr Ii Clilrilsldos b t ClilorlB Bj» Sst lib (bilby) 1 Mr I) M Lcllansbh Collioh Traolch i yrs, Sut. "lb (ltammago) 2 Mr VA' liol Lit«on a oh g Tlio Amcor 0 y rs Sst «lb (Can pboll) 3 Six others started Clilorls won easily rime lui Mia SrUlNG HUItDLtS Ol 10 bovs Ono milo ai d a half Mr T CawkorsggO o,flsli aged,Ost. Ulb (Mus croie) 1 Mr \A Jami-onAs b 1 Mlla.o Maid, need 0»t (Hlbbert) 2 Mr T Bouchers b g Dollin ngod Sst 181b (Thornton) 1 File othors started and a good race onsuod Grey Ash with tho top weight ran a .rand horso Devlin st oinod to bo kept too loi p for ho carno ui si Iel 11 Hy at thu finish, but too late to score a «in Tlio »Inner was bough»In by tho owner Timo Sni 97s FLYING 1IANDI0A1 Of - sor. About thron quartors of a mile. Mr I.Chlrnstdo.bfChlorla 7st 71b (Kllby) Mr W Trainor'« b h Kin» s Messenger, 0 yin 7st. 01b (Wilson) Mr VV Ko beruon a bo Town Moor 3 yrs 7st.l01b (Ila nimaeo) Thrco other« started, and Chlorls scorod a sucon 1 win for the day wttli comparativo ease Kings Mcssongcr got n bad Bt&vt; or ho might hal o modo lio meo much warmer lor the AA Inner Time, lm 18J» STLhPLECII ISt Mr le. Hollos b g Chippenham, a_cd lOst. 01b (Scoble) 1 Mr J B Ollis b g Oilderoy ngcl Oat 101b (Delanoy) 2 King of lrumi s and Union also stnMid but no thir 1 horso caine In Uulou fell nt tho second fonce on 1 King of Trum] ' rill Ott tivfto Oil leroy was lory uutra tal lo and took a lot of rl til g Hu Bilecce le I In forcing the wInner potty hard both horses lun 1 li g nu 1 tun i inn- vv oil Uih. enliain »ns In .rand form anl not«ithstandhi. his bony weight fully sustained tho opinions formed concerning* iilni prior to tho raco Timo 0m 2 Iho Consolation Handicap »_ ion by Llttlo Nell Dofamatioil loiugsiooud and Jack third The llnnl t hitter was vi on by Truro Dcfamntlon being second and Maggie ÍMooro third Hie meeting was in oAery respect one of the mostsuccessfulthnthavebeenlieldon the Coleraine íacecourse HAMIE10N RACE MEL1ING [BY ai5I__KAPn ] (FTIOM OUIt OAVN COltltESPONDLNT ) HAMILTON, SATURDAY Iho following are tho acceptances - HANDIOll IIUrtDLL BACE Of 40 sovs About tno mil- and a half et lb Mr VA Itobortson s oh g Tho Amoor 0 yrs . 10 V Mr Uobortsonsblgblrlatrlck 6 yrs 10 2 Mr B. Ho« lu s Kingston 10 0 Mr J C Ly ons s Blazes, ni ul 10 O Mr J D rurlongosoh li iho A.eut li yrs 0 12 Mr J- loungsb g Billilly nee I 0 1Í Mr AV Moruu s b g J_i er (late Kollainbc-), aged 0 10 Mr 1 1 Harris a br c lloriuit o.cd .00 Mr F To"rsbrniSlamlur «yrs _. 0 8 Mr Bell s br g St. Oeorgo ay» _ 0 0 ItAClVa CIUB HANDICAP, Of 50 soi s Olio milo and a quarter st lb Mr S Birt s bro Skipper, 0 yrs 8 7 Mr D M Johnson a b c Tho And- Girs Su Mr J Ii OUI s bli h Barloy Ilrec ti yrs 7 12 Mr 1) MLolIansboColllchlrnkoli 4yrs 7 8 Mr AA Itobortson s b o Town Mool, 3 yra 7 8 Mr T ChlrnBldo a Chlorls . 7 S Mr VA Trainer'sbli King s Messonper, Cym 7 0 Mr 1 y crs s Archduke 7 4 Mr J Itobortson s b g Jock aged 7 Ï Mr 1' O H dieran s eli m Seiniraniis, 7 yrs 7 0 lMIhO HANDICAP Of 30 SOA s Three quarters of- milo st lb Mr D M. lohnson s b g Tho Ande» (»y rs 8 8 Mr VV Balley s Keerton 8 0 Mr T Cawkers b m Llttlo Noll aged r 8 8 Mr D VI Lcllan s b o entlieh I raloch, 4 yrs 7 11 Mr T Chirnside s Chlorls 7 10 Mr VV Itobortson s b o Town Moon 3 yrs 7 10 Mr AA Trainor s bli King's Messenger,« yrs 7 0 I Mr B Young s bg Equity need 7 8 Mr J Bolcr-onsbm loor Mo ngcl 7 7 Air J Cameron s br h Haw kosbury aged 7 7 Mr AV Moran B bro llttlo John 8 yrs 7 8 Mr J Goueh s bl ni I ortui a, ji.ed 7 8 Mr E O Halloran s cb ni Scinivnmis agod 7 7 Mr J It Learmonth a bl h Transi oal (kilto 1\. our Î»nine) Jirs « 7 0 Mr J 1 Cusen she Autocrat, 0 7 Mi 1 Henty abo Mozart 2yrs 0 7 HAMILTON our, Of SO mi s Ono milo ai d a half st lb Mr D M Johnson s b g Tho And- 0 y rs 8 3 Mr J VlhitclicadsbmMnldof tho Mist aged 8 0 Mr AA Bulloi a Kgorton 7 12 Mr J H OUI a bl li Barloy Breo Oyr s 70 Mr VA llobcrtson s 11 g Sir 1 atriok û yrs 7 7 Mr D MUllanabhOolllohlraloeh. 4yrs 7 7 Mr T Chin si io s Chlorls 7 ti Mr VA Moran s Jaspor (lato hcltanil otc) aged 7 0 Mr VV Trainor s I li King s Meiweii_or, (lyra 7 li Mr lyensArchduko 7 2 Mr J Bol urtson s b g Jack aged 7 0 Mr AV Bruif s r lil Countess (lyra _0 12 Mr S VA Cookosclif oulnivcro 3 j ra 0 7 HANDICAP 8TKE1LLCIIA3E, Of 60 SOIS St lb Mr A T Tickers s br g Union aged Mr J B Hills s b g Oilderoy nged " L (.ullls a c ( euri pie yrs \- A\ALT_ts libindicinnera J AS \VluoiNSÍUanÜ1"Pp0rS MURCHISON RACES 1 ho follow ing aro the iveights for the han dicap races, to borun on Monday, the 14th mst - MUllOIIISOV HANDICAP St lb I St. lb Mario 8 12 Noi or Mind Her 7 4 Oula 8 0 Kofflr 7 4 Trillo 8 6 1 lüilllory 7 2 Honey Bco 7 12 lioneer 7 2 Pearl 7 11 Chester 0 10 Giatls 7 10 Mavourneen 0 7 AA ¡Ulam Toll 7 0 Octopus 0 7 Blnok 1 riuce 7 7 1 Noxa 0 7 aoULBUUV VVLMA HAi,DrCAP, Ono Milo. st. lb st lb Mario Ü 8 Novor Mind Her 7 8 Trillo 0 0 Kalllr 7 8 Cuba 9 0 St Andrew 7 7 Oratls 8 G Pioneer 7 0 Honey Boo 8 « Coyx 7 4 VA illiaiu Toll 8 2 Mavourneen 0 12 I carl 8 2 Octopus 0 10 Unillory 7 10 1 HUIIDIF BACK. Two mills st lb st lb' Gratia 11 4 Gladiator 0 li Lochlniar 10 0 Dlfcby 0 12 Sir Henry 10 2 Mulatto 0 7 /ona IO 0 Chester 0 7 N R. D BOVD Handicapper SPORllNU TELEGRAM (iiioji omi oAA i eonntsroNDi-NT ) BOURKE (N S W ), SATUHDAY Hie Sheflield Handicap for £100 will be held here on the 20th May Hie nominations, Avhteh Avere posted to duy nunibei 01, in eluding Malone larrell Arnold Cambadello Hilly, 1 rank Robertson and most of the best known jiiüestriana in this colony besides several lrom Queensland South Australia and Victom It thu season breaks this should be the most important pedestrian meeting yet held m the colonies AD* LAH)! &U;\DAI Ihe South Australian Yncht Club Regatta Aviui held yesterday at Largs Buy Hie elnet cient AVUS Avatched ivith great interest hy a lurgc nutnbci of spectators lhere was a iirst-chiss race betivecn ex Commodore Bundey s Wanderer a new boat Mr Cun ningham s 1 nchaiitress and Commodore 'louey s Zephyr over a 30 mile course Hie Lnchantress at starting carrud away her croastrees which put her out of the race Ho other two boats sailed 20 mileH but there ivas not time to finish the race, which will be sailed t "am At the Ov al y esterday the match between South Adelaide and Kensington was con turned Hie former made 241 in the lirst innings nnd the latter 85 m tlio first and 139 in the second innings 1 lie match between Hindmarsh and North Adelmdo was also continued Ihe formo-made J75 including 171 obtained by Noel on tho previous day, and the lutter 192 with the loss of eight wickets BALLU-r SUNDAY Tho West Melbourne Bowling Club played the Central Club yesterday and beut the local team by (ive jioints 1 he match botween tho South Melbourne und Ballarat Ciubs resulted in a Avin for the visitors by 14 points CÎUCKEF 'im: M LEAN CHALLENGE CUP EAST MLLBOURNI V SOUin MEL BOURNE Ibis match was continued on Saturday, on the South Melbourne cricket ground 1 ho I ust m their first innings bud scored 234, and the home team 172. the latter being 02 runs in arrears on the lirst innings When play AVUS resumed on Saturdny, Tlist Melbourne had lost four wickets for 134 Trupp, who had scor d 03 and J Alice being at tlie wickets J Slight was absent from the Southern team through illness and Windley Iielded as a substitute for him In the first over 1 rumble clean bowled Trapp, who had not increased hiB score, and before many moro runs were scored Burrett the colt bowler of the South Melbourne team foi lowed the eianiplo by scattering Robertson a stumps with a ball that kept low down about tho batsman s toes Alleo was batting fairly but gave one verj easy chance to tho wicket keeper by rumiuu, far out and missing Barrett. Gibson who kept wickets uo well in the lirst innings fade 1 to take the ball and tho wicket wus lost Groube came in next and found somo trouble with Barrett who was bowling well and appeared to be workmt in from log Before the new p irtncrslup had been fairly established the colt knocke 1 Alkea stumps out of position with a difficult hall and the Bupnortors of tlie Southon! team were thorouuily satisfied with the Btate of the game I ewis had on!) score i a Bingle when Barrett tot lum with a shooting ball, and tho cheers round tlie ground were of a pronounced kind Hastings now joined broubo whom the 1 ust Melb junie men feared would have no oj portumt) of i roving his powers as a butainuu to the same effect as in the lirst innings liiistines b itted fmrl) and Boon reached double figures but ho (.ave one rather ens) chance to Doole) which should havo boen hild 1 inally he ran out and lifted one from Barrett very nicol}, but the bal! went straight to Minchin m the lone, held and the catch was cleverl) taken lune wickets had fallen for 180 an I notwitlistand mg tlio deficit on tho first innings the Soutli were immensely pleased with their Srospects Gordon the last man joined roube and a verj remarkable stand w is made Major tlie South Melbourne captain thought it necessary to changeai rumble w ho for Bome time liad not been bowling with much effect but after ev cnts show ed that the change was a decided mistake Both Groube and Gordon Bet to work in a thorouehl) huai ness like way and tlio 200 w hicli a few minutes before was Bcnrccl) eipectcd carne on tho board Birrett who had thus far bowled well could do nothing lo sejarate the batsmen and Morral! was tried m his place Both changes scorned to Buit the batsmen w ho piled on the runs u ith free and vigorous battinc. Major was no balled an incident that reminded man) of tlio old challenge cup dny s when the fairness of his bowling was a mnttor thnt caused man) disputes In this instance however the South Melb nirnc captain liad merci) transgresse 1 b) running over the érense lhc two 1 ust Melbourne men were thorough!) set and bitlint s¡ lendidl) so Alajor was compelled to try other chances \\\ alters Minnon and Minchin all having a try for the last wicket without an) effect save of the kind appreciated b) L ist Melbourne. J90 was hoisted on the board tlie two last men having achieved the some what rare feat of putting on 100 runs Although tlio batting wus vigorous from both ends there were ver} few fault) strokes the bull being 1 ept close alone, the turf Groube wus ver) eflectiveon the offside and Gordon met ever) thing pitched close to lum with tho full face of tho bat and was ver) activo m going forwarl to hit Iho 300 was loudl} cheered by the few 1 ast Melbourne men | re sent but the treat m îjorit) of the onlookers were dumb 1 he lujit was telling very ha 1 and at li ilf past 5 Hie b itsinen ai pe ile 1 to the umpires as to whether it was really (it for plav, and alter a few overs had been bowie 1 the stumj s wero drawn Groube having scored 89 and Gordon 69. During their partnership the) put on 158 runs and defied the eil rls of the soven bowlers in the South Melbourne team to separate them A\ ith this scoie of 344 for niño wickots and the le id of 02 in the first innings tho South have now to face a score of 4CK) runs even it no further addition is made to tile tot ii this afternoon when pitt) will be resumed Hie 1 ast Melbourno score is as follows - LAST MLLBOUIVSE -LOOM) ISMMJlJ M'Shano run out ,. ,. 0 Healey, h Trumblo " , 9 Horan h Trum bio . , .45 Campbell bTrumblo " .. ..8 Irapp, b Truml le ,, " .. C3 Alice, b Barrett .. , 10 Robertson b Barrett .. . 0 Groube not out _, . 60 LOWIH b Burrett ,. ., 1 Hastings c Minchin b Darrott . . 14 Gordon not out . 09 bund rica .. .. 25 Kino wickets for .. . 344 MCI.BOU]lNl_ \ 1UCIMOND V ono day match between tho abov o wan pla}ed c tho Itlchmoml ground which hi conscquon _ot thu late rain waa exceedingly hca\j ï_rner( for tie local men having, won thu tot- sont the Mclbourno in to bat Druco aud Lalor were tho lirst roi retiuita thoa Kuna carno slowlj tho bow liny O/ Monis and Turnor being good and tho wicket vurj HIOW Ulion 20* had been scored Lalor was HI I_II lidl) taught b> Morris oft his own bowling- a fat« which also bcftl Dixon when but io ir runs had boc« aided liruoo when he m ado lo wau splendidlv caught bj Bou man off Morris and Uyall noon full a victim to a htralght one from tho bamo bowler Cotter after ila) hu, a free Inning- for 2- (including four 4 a) waa uuight bj Morrl« off Hoaio Swift was tho next to L with a carefully corni lied «5 to his ere lit a jorkcr from Hosie bolng too good for him Durfj wan next bowlod bj Bowman for 2 Hingrovo BOOH followed through the aLeno> of tho aarao bow 1er M Hw ralth and Phil li jw raised the total to IS» when tho former waa bowled b) Hosie Badham tlolast man wascuignU) Morrl- oil Hosie The fielding was t_oo 1 and the bou Ung of Morris ai 1 Ho-ic \er. dllllcult to IICL,O tiate on tho damp micket \\\ Uti 0 minutes to i laj and In a wretcho I light the lUchmon 1 men w one in acid at call of time had lost four wicket» for 7 runs _.ho following is the scoro, -. MhLBOUHNE * Bruce, o Baw man b Morris _. ..l8 I*ilor, c and b Morris , ..11 Dixon o and b Morris M . a Swift b Hoblo . . 25 Hjall b Morris . 13 Cotter c Morriu b Hoslo . » 22 Wiugrovo.c nnd h Bodman . 2 Dun*, b Bow mon . . 2 M Ilwraith not out ._, 22 IhlllhH bllottio . ..io Badh mi, o Morris b Hosie . . 0 faundnta ., ..11 Total 130 Bowiivu A\j_. si«- Morris 102 balls, S7 runs 4 mnldcns, 4 wlcttcta, Turnor, 72 balls, 20 nins 2 maldons _ It-^erald, l8 balls 10 runs 2 maidens Bowman 80 balls 21 runs 1 maldon, 2 wiokets Hosie 05 balls, 24 runs 5 maidens 4 wiokets RICHMOND Turner b Brueo . 2 Tilnnlck, bDufM , . 1 Bowman not out* . .. 8 Morris b Duffy ... .. 0 Mt-gerald, st Cottor b Bruce _. .. 0 Sundries M .1 Total for four wlclcts . "7 icrw v niznoY A one day s match botw ton these clubs resulted In an easj \ictorj for litarov Tho Kew team wer " disposed of for the small »core of 47 runs J Allon securing (hu wickets for 12 runs At call of timo 1 Itzroj had eight wickets low 11 for 04 runs the light bullig *or¿ bad towards the finish Kfctt Barnard b Newman 0 O Hanlon b Atherton 0 Roberts b Atherton » 2 Coakloy o Newman b Allen lr> Nicolson b Showers ,. .. 10 Browno lbw,b Allen ,. . 0 Halfov.b Alton _. 0 Vance, b Allen . 0 Gasman -l.ill.ip_, b Showers . 2 Dodd run out 0 Waugh, not out 0 ¡sundries 0 uni lens 1 wicket Atherton 72 I nils, 10 urns maidens 2 wickets Mien, 48 balls 12 runs maldutif 4 wickets Showers 14 halls 6 runs rtlckets HT/HOY Watbford, c O Hanlon b Browne 11 Allen u Browne b Barnard ti Mitchell 0 Nicolson, b Barnard 22 Lowe bDodd 11 J lopilug um out 2 Atherton h Barnard r 2 Newman li Hod I 0 Coll urn 1 b w b Dodd 4 IhUHjw not out 4 Sundi los 2 Ci_ht wickets for 01 BOWMMJ ASAMHIH -Hold 80 balín, 22 runs, 2 I ni ii leus ?i wleketa Browne 30 lulls l8 runs 1 mallen 1 wicket Barnard, 54 balls, 22 runs S wickets h VST Ml LIJOUIl-J-- V SI KILDA The beares in this match were as as follow - FUST MLIBOUHVL Grace b Oakloj 21 Bruce b 1 mit 52 Alice c an I b Harris . 27 Little b I mit 0 Kates b Harris 1 Brown b Harris . 14 Nathan o Kinder b Harris 0 Moir, not out ., 6 li ut »Ht- 1 b w b I unt fl I carson, st Kinder, b Harris 8 Stoio). e HuUi> b Harris . . O faun uri os ,, , 2 Total ., ., ia_ ST KILDA Tunk run out 0 Cur rio c Hastings b H ruco l8 linn er o Bruto b Broun 2 Kinder not out 1 button o Gifcc b Brown 2 Stru^ucll, not out 4 Total for four wicket. 22 liOYLL AND"bCO IT S CUP The final match for Ulla cup wau commenced on Saturdaj last on the fast Mell out no ground between the Oijulut uni Qutcnsberrj Cilckyt Clubs There was a Iarç,o attendance of HJ cctatoi- fully J 000 per »011B being prLuent Iho Cipulets wore captained by Ward and Bickford led the (^ueri sherry -ho former winning the Usa sent his mun to tho witketa tho first representatives boing II Trott and Ward The bowling was entrusted to Bickford and Bunde the former opening from the pavilion end the latter from the ruilw iv Both batsmon going In for fast scorluL, knocke 1 up 45 in lirst olas* style, when Trott was bowled bj Hundo for 27 Whiteoak thon went to thu wiokuts an 1 commenced lo score froulj At 4 o dook the century appeared on the b ard having taken onl} an hour ami a uuarter to run up The batsmen now sot mod to be well set no loss than eight bowlers being triol 200 shortly appeared on tho board, owing principal!} to \\\ ard who scared rapidly At last Whiteoak was cam,ht bv Doran of! Bunofe. for a well played Innings of 80 Freeman the next man went in and pla j ed out tho time being 6 not out, and Ward, tho other not-out man having made 101 tlio total being two wiokets for 221 runs Tho match will bo continued noxt Saturday at; 1 0 olook sharp Messrs Brennan and "orrv gave satisfaction as umpires ARMriKLD BltOS ' TROPHY. î»orthcoto v Groa* onor-This watch was con oluded on Saturday at Northcote, mid rusultcd lu i dceliivovicturj for Northootu by one iuningB mid 10 runs Scores were -northcote, 72, Grosvenor, 21 and HO Olasaoock batted noll for Northcote with 27, nnd Corbett with 17 Tor Grosvenor, Manflold 10, HIULL 11, hattud well M'Intosh howled Moll for Northcote with throo wickets for 12 nins, and nix for li Morris took slv wickets for li runs, and Glass cock four for ¿J South Yarra % Mohawks-This match was i>ln)ed at Albort-pnrk on Saturday lost and resulted In a win for South Yarra by tu o uloktts and 21 runs to snare, tho score« being-Mohawks, 38, South \ arra, eightwlakots for n0 ror bouth Yarra, Watson 17. Kershaw 11 (not out), and Moarlln S (not out) buttai well and KussoU íthrco ulckctafor 0) and M'Kcitzlo (six wlckotsfor 2a) howled well, and for tho Mohawks Watt with H was top scorer Boll and Tuckott boulod woll \ictoiyv Carlton \\\CBlo)nns rcsultodina drawn gamo, in favour of tho former club facoroö -Mc tor), 03 runs. Carlton Woslo>ans, four wlokets for 22 runs Tor tho former, D M'lvor 20 runs (not outl, r Howes 23 nins, F W Harris«, J Uallne) 0, w Martin 8, woro tho principal scorers F Hilborn secured two vvickotH for 1 run, F Franks one wicket (or 8 runs. Tor tho latter, W Maguire lu runs, IÍ Drew 7 runs woro the highest Boorers W Maguire and S Wales performed boi,t with tho ball The lhst elevens of Coburn und Tootscraj met at Coburg" on Saturda} and tho match resulted In a draw Iho scores wore-Pootscia), 78, of which Baird contributed lu and huuvveck 12 Coburn, at call of timo had lost four for 47, A bmlth 19, and Pierce 17 (not out) being" principal scortra 4 or Coburg Holder obtained baton wicket* for 2¿ runs, and for Footscray Isuuwcok boulod best Tho annual tricket match bntw eon teams selecto 1 from the olllcos of Mesara Tnjlor, Buckland, and Gatts, of Molboumo and Geelong, and representativos from the cilices of the solicitors in Geelong, took nlaco on Frida), and resulted In tho former gaining tho * Ictorj bj an innings aiid 8 ruin The niatoh Hawthorn v hast Melbourne Ko\ers, pla\cd on tho ground ot tho former, resulted In a draw, tho scoros being-Hawthorn (placing two men short) 100 tust Melbourno Ko\crs two wiokota for öl tor tho formor Beresford (4J) Ward (n), and Woolford (H), and for the litter ¡snooks (lr>, not out) pitt) od good cricket Albert \uiltc with nix wickoU for 11 nins, was tho most successful trundlcr for the visitors Tlie following matches wore also plowed -lîioh mond Alma 81, and 81 for nine -wickets \ St Andren s CO, Ormond 108 and 82 \ Hotham hill Union 70, and *.S for two wiikots (for hung!ord s Cup) Star of IMohinond li (Dow 3it Gotch JO) v Hawthorn OS, for nine wickets SHOOTING. Owing to so many members of the Mel bourne Gun Club attending tlio A J C autumn race meeting, BIIOOUIIK hua been sus- pended for a fortnight Tho next ahooüng ia lived tor 1 nduj t April 25 FOOTBALL The Carlton and South Melbourne Anglo Australian Football Clubs met for the first time this season on Saturday, and resulted In a decided victory for Carlton by three goals to South Melbourne's nil The former showed superior play in the passing and dribbling game The j,oal kickers wore Barr (one). Spence (one). Brown (one), each of whom played splendldly, ably backed up by Almond (captain) M'Causland, Tunnicrie, and Morquay, whilst for South Melbourne Law (captain) Ware, and M'Kinlay tried hard to save a defeat. W. Hopson gave satis- faction as umpire. The third annual meeting of the North Brunswick Football Club was hold on Friday evening, in the Masonic-hall, Mr S. Glew in the chair, and a large attendance of members present. The report and balance sheet of last year were read and received, the latter showing the club to be in a good financial position. The following office bearers were elected for the ensuing season:--Patron, Hon. D. Melville, M.L.C.; president, W. Rose, J.P.; vice presidents, Dr. Murphy, Messrs T. Clement, S. Glew, and W. Wright; treasurer, E. Fairhurst; secretary. W Smith; captain, W. McMillan; vice-captain, C. Newton; committee, Messrs. Webster, Jackson, Newton, McMillan,and Fairhurst. Iho animal meeting of tho Geelong Football Club was hold on 1 rid a; overling, at tho Art, J te Hotel, Mr J li Gre) being v oteil to the ehalt The report rea 1 b3 Mr Hall, thoKCci utan, congratulated the tlub upon Its position as tlio premier club of the colon) Ar ramremciits had been made to send u team of ¿3 men to visit Adela! Io in Jul) as tile j,uuäts of the bouth Australians Iweutj one matches had been pluvod during tho season Of tlaao, 15 were won, titree lost and thrco drawn The second tu cut) pla) ed H» matches, won nine, and lost six Tho b dance sheet show ed-llocolptu 1.710 )¿s lid £701 Ils Hd , leaving a credit 1 The roport and balance shoot woro adopted, and tho following gentlemen wuie elected office bearers - President, Mt T Wilton, non , vico presidents, Messrs Austin Gre) T Wilson, Jim , and 1' Doug lass, general committee Mesara Brownlow, thristc) Hlukmbotlmm, G Stccdman and J Suimuors bon treasurer,Mr J Ihonibon , hon secretan, Mr W Uni] The olghth annual moe ting of tho Waverley Foot ball Dub was held at the Klile Brigade Hotel on trida) dening, about 100 members being present Tho roport was unanimous)) udontcd It stating that tho nueces* ot thu club was a matter of groat eongratu latlon, U hav Ing once moro asuene i lUulf by being the premier Junior club of IbbÜ Out of 20 matches pla)ed nlno wcio won, two lost, and eight drawn "1 goals bad been kicked, and 16 against ilum Iho successful tool kickers were II Heins (4), Uidbo) (J), lace) (S) Arm trong, Powell Carnell (2 each), Thowlls, Nairn, liruton, O Leary, Is utah, Bowen Martin and J W Kully (I each) The recipients of ptUuifor tlio past Beasou were Mr Lace), who waa pretjeiited willi a ver) liandHomu dook h> Dr Hcauo), MliC, Messrs Cook, Kelo). O I ear), ArniBtrong, Henrc) and I each, with gold lookot» by Messrs II Lam,,hinds A A Sleight,H James \\\ V Honderson, MA, 1 L 1), and Iho club The oillce bearers for tho citbulng reason aro as follow -Patrons, Dr Beano),MLC, Mr W Hull, and Mr 1 Gardiner, M LA , president Mr A A anight", vice prcbidouts, Meters li lames, W Cook and J Butler . bccretar), Mr J Butler, treasurer, Mr G A Waugh, captain, Mr T Beri) , \ leo captain, Mr J Honro) , commit tee. Mesarte Doria, Hurlo), Martin, O Callaghan, nnd Kvan Mr W V HondorHon won unanlmouHi) clocted the lirst life number of the club A voto of thanks hav ing been aeeoidcd to the ehairman, tho meeting tel initiated _ LAWN THNNIfe "W est Brighton v Trlnlt) -This match was pla)ed >n Saturday on tho Tnnit) courts, and resulted as follows -^íes8rd Kendall and Wood (Trinit)) beat Meters OHeaand Bliss b) 15 games to love, Meters Blind audbtawcll (Trlnlt)) beat Mowry Warren and Peile) b) If) caines to 1 lu thohecond round Mihsra Kondall and Wood boat Messrs Warren and Peile) bj 1ft games toi, and Messrs Brlnd nnd btaw eli heit Messrs Olica and UUSB b) 16 games to IOVL lhe mntoh thus retiulted in a victory forlrinit) b) 00 games to i Ht Klldi \ Oimond (for Mr Purvcss Trophy) This match was plav ed last baturda) on the Ormond courts, and resulted in a tio Tho following aro the scores - MOSBW MLVO) and A loughnan (Ht Kilda) beat Mcssr« Learmonth and M Kiiinon 10 eames to 6 , and Mesara Mncmullou and Hurkc (St Kilda) beat Messrs ljoarmonth and M'Kinnon, 10 game* to 7 lu the second round Messrs Ulack and Little beat Messi-» M I voy and A Loughnan, 10 janies to ii, and heit Messrs Mncmullen and Bin ko, 10 yiines to 3, etch sldu scoring J2 gamea St Kilda v Ormond (Second t oura) -This match wns played on Saturday at ht Kilda and resulted is follows -Messrs Cootu and Moore (St Kilda} beat Messrs Bell and ltoberUon 15 janies to ù, anil beat Mesara 1 rceumn and Colquhoun 15 Lame» to ^ Messrs Butler nnd Paterson (bt Kilda) beat Messt a I leeman and Colquhoun 1& gnmc-i to 11, and beat Messrs Bell and itobertsou 15 c.aiueg to 0, St Kilda winning 00 games to Ormond s 28 games Lssotidoti v Kew -Tlio abovo match was plavcd on the 1 ssendou coulton Satunhiy, with tho following result -W Suwell and J Saunders Kew, - ' Shuter and W G Fraser, I ssondon Won b\ 10 gainos to eight .second sets wonb) I ssendon, 10 games to seven C ÖthlingandW bauiiders Kew, v C M Buckle and O J Tavlor, Essomlon Wont») Kow, 10 games to teven , lu tlie bccoud sets won by Kew, 10 games to flvo Wandorots \ Kew-This match was pla\cd at Kew on Saturda), and resulted as follows - Messrs Bartram and Kitchen (Kew) beat Messrs Martin and I-vatiH H»-12 and Alossrs Miller and Calder, 10-7 Mutant Paterson and Moore (Kew) beat Messrs Miller and Calder 11-8, but were heaton b) Mcunra Muí tin and Lvaimby 15-14 TotaN-Kow, Oi) ga; 11 es Wanderers, Ai pautes Ivow thus vvou by 17 tames. _ LACROSSE iMJ.LriNOS Tho eighth annual met tint oí thu Melbourno Ia orosso Club was held on 1 rida) evening, Mr Haipoi In the chair Alter adoptuu the nuuual repot t and batanee sheet for 1SSJ as presented h) tho seeietar), the following were elected oillce beirers for ensuing )car -President Mr I L Mount \ Ice presidents, Mr A W Bennett and Mr U W liest, delegates to association, Mews ï lov and A Noicott com tuittee, Mcisr» J I ox, P Joslto, A Norcott, I btattur, »ntl 1 beott captain Mr D H 1 ox , vice captain, Mr M Goldsmith, sécrétai) and treasurer, Mr J A, Harper bevurnl now members weie nd mittcd, and a v cry successful mooting w as concluded b) votes of thanks bein,,' accorded tu tho retiring ottlco bearers and ohaltman YTVCÎÏÏÎMT TKIDI NT AMATCUU \AÍ'HT CLUB The first mee for tho troph) presented to the scnloi members of tliU club b) tho president, Dr Bcuuo), was balled on Saturda) afternoon at the Albert pink Lake Many of the membets being unable to resist the counter attraction of thu Intercolonial Boat lince oui) four vaobta picked up tholr moorings for tho stait, viz, Mr Turners Hobo, Mr Dingos AY anda, Mr Morkhams Dione, and Mr Stabbucks Cvguet lhe prl/o Is to become thu pi ope it) of the member making the lirst nlno points, tho first boat scoring three There was a good wbolo sall bicoze when tho signal wosmadoto l,o, tho Dione being the Brat to round tbo north buov, Ino C) gnot being second The W anda unfortunate]) got foul of lil r moorings und notwithstanding tho clïbrts of her crew, was detained a longtime before silo got clear Shu w as, how cv er, w 1th commendable perseverance, balled thiough thu ra During the first io und thu Dione got a long lead, but when commencing the Hocond, thu wind, which was very shift), went to tbo cist, giving huradcadbeat to windward, whilst thu boats behind woro favoured b) the chango, and the llcbu took second position, and got on close torms with the leading boat Here, however, the ad v un tai, 0 ended, and the breeze freshening during the thhd round, tho Dione n"aln got a long A a) lu advance of the others, and finally cunio in six minutes in front of thu Hobo, the C)(,uct being a capital third 