THE LEAVENWORTH CASE. By ANNA CATHERINE GREEN; Chapter XXXL— Q. Thereby bangs a tale.— Taking of the Shrew. 'It was all a hoax ; nobody was ill ; I have fcsen imposed upon, meanly imposed upon.' And Mrs. Belden, flushed and panting, en tered the room where I was, and proceeded to take cfi her bonnet. Bat whilst doing so paused, and suddenly exclaimed, what is tbe matter? How you look at me i Has soy. thing happened?1 'Something very serious has occurred,' I replied; 'you have been gone bat a little while, bat in that time a discovery has been icade — ' I purposely pauied here that the suspense might elicit from her some betrayal ; but though she turned pale she manifested Ices emotion than I expected, and I went on — ' which is likely to produce yery important consequences.' To nsy surprise she burnt violently into tears. 'I knew it, I knew it!' she mar mured. 'I always said it would be im possible to keep it secret if I let anybody into the house ; she is so restless. Bat I forget,' she suddenly said with a frightened look; ' you haven't told me what the discovery was. Perhaps it isn't what I thought— perhsps ? ' I did cot hesitate to interrapt her. ' Mrs Beldes,' I said, 'I shall not try to mitigate (he blow. A woman who in the fase of the most argent call from law and justice can receive into her house and harbor there a witness of such importance ss Hannah cannot stand in need of any great preparation for heating that her efforts have been toe suocessf ol, that she has accom plished her design of suppressing valuable testimony, that law and justice are outraged, and that the innocent woman whoa thfegirl's evidence might have saved stands for ever compromised in the eyes of the world, if not in those of the officers of the law.' Her eye?, which had never left me during ibis address, flashed wide with dismay. 'What do you mean?' she cried. 'I have intended no wrong; I have only tried to save people. I — I — But who are you? What have you to do with all this? Wh%i is it to yoa what I do or don't do? You said you were a lawyer. Can it be you are come from Mary Leavenworth to see how I am fulfilling her commands, and ? ' 'Mrs. Belden,' I eaiil, 'it is of small im portance now as to who I am or for what purpose I am here. Bat that my words may have the more effect, I wQl say that whereas I have not deceived you either ss to my name or position, it is true tbat I am the friend of tbe Misses Leavenworth, and that anything which is likely to effect them is of interest to me. When, therefore, I say that Eleanors Jjcavensorth is irretrievably injured by this girl's death ? ' 'Death? what do you mean? death?' The burst was too natural, the tone too horror-stricken for me to doubt for another moment as to this woman's ignorance of the true state of efiairs. ' Yes,' I repeated, ' the girl yon have foaea hiding so long and so well is now beyond your control. Only her dead body remains, Mrs. Belden.' I shall never lose from cny ears the shriek which she uttered nor the wild 'I don't believe it! I don't believe it!' with which she dashed from the room, and rushed up stair?. If or that after-scene, when in the presence of the dead she stood wringing her hands and pretesting amid sebs of the sincerest grief and terror that she knew nothing of it; that she had left the girl in the beBt of spirits the night before ; that it was true she had locked her in, but that ?was what she always did when any one was in the house; and that if she diod of any gucden attack, it must have been quietly, for she had heard no stir all night, though she had listened more than ones, being naturally anxious lest the girl should make some dis- turbance that would arouse me. 'But yoa were in here this morning?' said I. 'Yes; but I didn't notice. I was in a hurry end thought she was asleep ; so I set the things down where she could get them and came right away, locking the door as utcsl.' 'It is strange,' said I, 'that she should have died this night cf all others. Was she ill yesterday?' 'No, sir; she was even brighter than common— more lively. I never thought of her being sick then or ever. If I had ? ' 'You never thought of her being sick?' a voice here interrupted. ' Why then did yoa take such pains to give her a dose of medicine last night?' And Q entered from the room bejoad. 'I didn't,' said she, evidently under the supposition that it was I who had spoken, -l);dl, Hsnoah, did I, poor girl?' stroking the band that lay in hers with what appeared to ba Pennine sorrow and regret. ' Bow came she by it then? Where did shs get: it if you didn't give it to her?' This time she seemedtobe aware that somo one besides myself was talking to her, for hurriedly rising she looked at the man with e wondering state before replying. ' I don't know who yoa are, sir, but I cm tell you this, the girl had no medicine ; took no doaej she wasn't sick last night that I know of.' ' Yet I saw her swallow a powder.' 'Ssw her— the world is crazy or I am— saw her swallow a powder? How could you see her do that or anything else? Hasn't she been (but up in this room for twenty-four hours?' 'Yes; but with a window like that in the roof, it isn't so very difficult to see into a room, madam.' ' Oh,' she cried shrinking, 'I have a spy in the house, have I ? But I deserve it ; I kept her imprisoned in four close walls and never cade to look at her once aU night. I don't complain, but what was it you said that you «aw her take? medicine? poitcn?' ' I didn't say poison.' ''But you meant it. You think she has poisoned herself, and that I had a hand in it?' ' No,' I hastened to remark, ' he does not think you had a hand in it. He says he saw the girl herself swallow something which hs believes to have been the occasion of her death, and only asks you now where »he obtained it?' 'How can I tell? I never gavo her any thing—didn't know she had anything.' Somehow I believed her, and so felt uu willing to prolong the present interview, es pecially as each moment delayed the action which I felt it incumbent upon us to take. S3 motioning O. to de part npon his errand, I took Mrs. Belden by the hand, and endeavored to load her from the room. But she resisted, sitting down by the side cf the bed with the expres sion, ' I will not leave her again ; do not ask it ; here is my place and here will I stay,' while Q, obdurate for the firit time, stood staring severely upon us both, and would not move though I urged him again to make haste, saying that the morning was slipping sway, and that the telegram to Mr. Gryce ought to be cent. 'Till that woman leaves the room I don't; and unless you promise to take my place in -watching her I don't quit the house.' Astonished, I left her side and crossed to him. ' You carry your suspicions too far,' I whispered, 'and I think you are too rude. Wo have seen nothing, I am sure, ta warrantos in any such action, be sides, she can do no harm here ; though, at for watching her, I promise to do that much if it will relieve your mind.' ' I don't want her watched here ; take her below. I cannot leave while she remains.' 'Are you not assuming a trifle the master?' ' rdon't know ; perhaps. If I am it is be cause I hare something in my possession which excuses my conduct.' ' What is that, the letter?' ? *Ycs.' Agitated now is Iniy turn I held out my hand. *' Let mo see,' I said. ' Not while that woman remains in the room.' Seeing him implacable I returned to Mrs, Belden. ' I mu»t entreat you to come with me,' scid I. 'This is not a common death ; we shall be obliged to have the coroner hare and others. Yon had better leave the room and go below.' ' I don't mind the coroner ; he is a neigh bor of mine; his coming won't prevent my watching over the poor girl until he ar rives.' 'Mrs. Bclden,'I said, 'your position ai tbe only one conscious of the presence of this girl in your house makes it wiser for yon sot to invite suspicion by lingering any longer tban is necenary in the room where her dead body lies.' ' As if my neglect of her now were tbe beat surety of my good intentions towards her in time pant I' -'A?* Wiu not be oe8le(* fo* you to go below with me at my earnest request. You can do no good here by stay ing— will in fact be doing harm. So listen to me, or I shall be obliged to leave you in charge of this man and go my. self to inform the anthoritiefc' **vul* This last argument seemed to afie3t her, for with one look of shuddering abhorrence at O ?he rose, aaying— 'You have m? ia youi power,' and then without another word threw her handkerchief over the girl's face and left the room. In two mutates more I had the letter of which Q had spoken in my bands. * 'It is the only roe 1 conia Sad. sir. It was in the pocket of the area M«. Bdden had «£lait rjghu Tta other most be lying around somewhere, bat Ihaven't W time to Una it This will an though, I think. Yoa will not ask for the other.' Scarcely noticing at the time with what deep significance he spoke. I opened the letter. It was the smaller of the two I had seen her draw under her shawl the day before at the post-office, and read as fol lows:— ' Dear, Diiab. Fedsnd— 'I am in awful trouble. You who love me most know it I cannot explain ; I can only make one prayer. Destroy what you have to-day instantly, without question or hesita '? ion. The consent of any one else has nothing to do with it Yoa mast obey. I am lost if yon refuse. Da then what I ask and save ' One who Loves you.' It was addressed to Mrs. Belden ; there was no signature or date, only the post-mark' New York ;' bat I knew the handwriting. It was Ma-y Leaven worth's. ' A damning letter !' came in the dry tones which Q seemed to think fit to adopt on this occasion. 'And a damning bit of evidence ssaicst the one who wrote it and the woman who received it 1' 'A terrible piece of evidence indeed!' said I, 'if I did not happen to kaow that ibis letter refers to the destruction of some thing radically different from what yoa sus pect It alludes to some paper* in Mrs Btlden's charge — nothing else.' ' Are you sore, sir ?' ** Quite ; but we will talk of this hereafter. It is time yoa sent your telegram and went f cr the coroner.' 'Very well, sir.' And with that we parted —he to perform his role and I mine. I found Mrs. Belden walking the floor below, bewailing her situation and ottering wild sentences as to what the neighbors would say of her, what the minister would think, what Clan, whoever that was, would do, and how she wished she had died before ever she had meddled with the aff lir. Succeeding in calming her after awhile, I induced her to sit down and listen to what I had to say. 'You will only in jure yourself by th'iM display of feeling,' £ remarked, ' betides unfitting yourself for what yoa will presently be called upon to go through.' And la j ing myself out to comfort the un happy woman I first explained the necessities of the cue, and next enquired If she had no friend upon whom she could call in this emer gency. To my great surprise she replied so ; that while she had kind neighbors and good friends, there was no one upon whom she could call in a case like this either for assistance or sympathy ; and that unless I wculd take pity on her she would have to meet it alone, '.as I have met everything,' she said, ' from Mr. Bclden's death to the less of most of my little savings in a town fire last jear.' I was touched by this, that she, who in spite cf her weakness and inconsistencies of character possessed at least the one virtue of sympathy with her kind, should feel any lack of friends. Unhesi tatingly I tffered to do what I could for her, providing she would treat me with the perfect frankness which the case demanded. To my great relief she expressed not only her willingness but her strong deslra to tell all she knew. ' I have had,' said she. 'enough el e ecrecy for my whole life.' And indeed I do believe she was so thoroughly frightened that it a police-officer had came into the house end asked her to reveal secrets com promising the good same of her own son she would have dose so without cavil or question. ' I feel as if I wanted to take my stand out on the common, and in the face of the whole world declare what I have done for Mary Leavemrorth. Bat first,' she whispered, 'tell me, for God's sake, how those girls are situated. I have not dared to ask or write. The papers say a good deal about Eleanore, but nothing abont Mary, and yet Mary herself writes only of her own peril and of the danger she would be in if certain facts were knows. What ia the truth? I don't want to injure them only to take care of myself.' *' Mr». Belden,-'' I said, ' Eleanore Leaven worth has got into her present difficulty by not telling all that was required Ot her, Mary Iieavenworth— but I cannot speak of her till I know what you have to divulge. Her position as well as that of her cousin is too anomalous for either you or me to discuss. What we want to learn from you is how yoa became connected with this affair and what it it was that Hannah knew which caused her to leave New York and take ref age here.' But Mrs. Belden, clasping and unclasping her hands, met my gaze with one full of the most apprehensive doubt, 'You wili never believe me,' *he cried, 'but I dan't know what Esunsh knew. I am in utter ignorance cf what she caw or heard on that fatal night ; she never told, and I never asked. She merely said tbat Miss Lf&venworih; wished me to sectete her for e- short time, and I, because I loved Mary Lcavenworth and admired her bejeed any ona I ever saw, weakly con sented, and ? '' 'Bo, you mean to say,' I interrupted, ' that Llttryou knew of the murder you, at the mere expression of Miss LeBvenworth's TriibcB, continued to keep this girl concealed withcut atkicg her any questions or de manding any explications 2' 'Yes, sir ; you will never believe me, bat it is so. I thought that sines Mary had sent her here she must have her reasons, and — and — I cannot explain it now, it all looks so differently ; but I did do as I have said.' ' But that was very strange conduct. You mutt have had strong reason for obeying Ma*y Lesvonwertn eo'fal:.=':l3Iy.' ' Ob. sir,' she gasped, * - 1 thought I under stood it all; that Mary, the bright young creetus-e who had stooped from her lofty posi tion to make use of me and to love me, was in sense way linked to the criminal, and that it would be better for me not toknofF any more, only to do what I was bid, and trust it would prove all right. I did not reason about it; I only followed my impulse. I couldn't do otherwise ; it isn't my nature. When I -sm requested to do anything by a person I love I cannot refuse.' 'And you love Mary L°avenworth, a woman whom you yourself seem to consider capable o! a great crime?' ' Oh, I didn't say that ; I don't know as I thought that She might be in some way connected with it without being the actual perpetrator. She could asver be that, she is too dainty.' ' Mrs. Belden,' I said, ' what do you know of Mary Iieavenworth which makes even that supposition possible?' The white face of the woman before me flushed. 'I scarcely know what to reply,' she cried. ' It is a long story, and ? ' ' Sever mind the long story,'I interrupted. ' Let me hear the one vital reason.' 'Well,' said she, 'it is this: that Mary was in an emergency from which nothing bat her uncle's death could release her.' 'Ah, how's that?' But here we were interrupted by the sound of steps on the porch, and looking oat I saw Q entering the house alone. Leaving Mrs. Belden where she was, I steppsd into the hall. 'Well,' said I, 'whal is the matter Haven't you found the coroner ? Isn't he at home }' ' No, gone away ; off in a buggy to look after a man that was found some ton miles from here, lying in a ditch beside a yoke of oxen.' Then as he saw my look of relief, for I was glad of this temporary delay, said, with an expressive wink, 'It would take a fellow a locg time to go to him— if he wasn't in a hurry— hours, I think.' 'Indeed!' I returned, amused at his manner. ' Rough road ?' 'Very; no horse /could get would travel it faster than a walk.' 'Well,' said I, 'so much the better for us. Mrs. Belden has a long story to tell, and ? ' ' Doesn't wish to be interrupted, I under stand.' I nodded, and he turned towards the door. 'Have you telegraphed to Mr. Gryce?' I asked. 'Yes, sir.' 'Do you think he will come ?' 'Ye?, sir; if he hat to hobble on two sticks.' ' At what time do you look for him !' ' Vou will look for him as early as three o'clock. I shall be among the mountains, ruefully eyeing a broken down team or some such thing.' And leisurely donning his hat he strolled away down the street, like one who has the whole day on his hands and doesn't know what to do with it. Going iback to Mr?. Belden I explained that the coroner was out of town, and would not be back for some time; that we had there fore some hours before us which could not be better employed than by her giving me some account of what she knew concerning the matter in hand. She expressed herself as willing to do so, and immediately composed herself to her task. As what she told in volves a long story I will devote a chapter to it and christen it 'Mrs. Belden's narra tive.' Chapxeb XXJCIt— Mes. BeldejT.s Naj&kaitve.; Cursed, destructive Avarice; Thou everlasting foe to Lore and Honor, — Trap's Abbih. Mlfchief never thrives Without the help of woman.— Thb Same. It will be a year next July since I first saw Mary Iieavenworth. I was living at that time a most monotonous existence. Loving what was beautiful, hating what was sordid, drawn by nature towards all that was romantic and uncommon, bat doomed by my straitened position and the loneliness of my widowhood to spend my days in the weary round of plain sewing, I had begun to think that the shadow of a humdrum old age waB settling down upon me, when one morning, in the foil tide of my dissatis faction, Mary Leavenwsrtb stepped across the threshold of my door, and with one smile changed the whole tenor ot my life, This may teem exaggeration to yon, especially when I tell you that her errand was simply one of business, she having heard I was handr with my needle ; but if you could have seen her as she appeared that day, marked the look with which she apprca hed me, and the smile with which she le£ ?? , i 0 a would pardon the folly of a romantic old v.ooian who beheld a fairy queen where others saw a lovely young lady. The fact is I was dazzled by her beauty and her charms. And when a few days after she came again, and crouching down on the stool at my feet asked leave to sit with me awhile and rest, saying she was ro tired of the gossip and tumult down at the hotel, and so longed at times to run away and hide with some one who would let her act like the child she was, I experienced for the moment, I believe, the truest happiness of my life. Feeling so it was impassible for me not to show it. Something of all that which I had kept repressed till xav avoke in response to her persuasive glance, and before long I f cund her locking up into my face with manifest pleasure, listening eagerly while I told her, almost without my own volition, the story cf my past life in the form cf a tender allegory. The next day saw her in the same place, end the next— alweja with eager, laughing eyes, and the fluttering, uneasy hands that grasped everything they touched and broke everything they graeped. But the fourthdayabe was not there, nor the fifth, nor the sixth, and I was beginning to feel the old shadow settling back upon me, when one eight, joet ssthe dusk of twilight was merging into evening gloom, she cimo stealing in at the front door, and creeping up to my tide put her hands over my eyes with such a low ringing laugh that I started. 'Yea don't know what to make of me !' cried she, throwing aside her cloak, and revealing herself in tbe fall splendor of even ing attire. 'Idont know what to make of myself; only,' she whispered, 'I felt that I must run awsy and tell some one that for the first time in my life I am folly alive — that a certain pair of eyes have been looking into mine — and that not Mary of Scots, with all her beauty and queenliness, ever felt her self more cf the sovereign or more the woman tban I do to-night' And with a turn of her head that most have rivalled any gesture of that baautiful queen, she gathered up her cloak around her and laughingly cried— ' Have sou had a visit from a flying sprite 2 Has ono little ray of moonlight found its way into your prison for a wee moment, with Mary's laugh and Mary's snowy silk and flashing diamonds? Say,' and she patted my cheek and smiled so bewilderingly that even now, with all the dull horror ot these after-events crowding upon me, I cannot bnt feel something like tears spring to my eyes at the thought of it, 'And £0 the prince has come for you?' I whispered, alluding to a story I had teldhsr the last time she had visited me— a story in which a girl, who had waited all her life in rsgs and degradation for the lordly knight who was to raise her from a hovel to a throne died just as her one lover, an honest peasant lad whom she had discarded in her pride, arrived at her door with the fortune in his hand he had spent all his days in amassing for her take. But at that she flushed and drew back towards the door. 'I don't kaow, I am afraid sot I — I don't think an j tiling about (hat. Princes are not so easily woa,' she murmured. ' What, are you going ?' I scid, ' and alone ? Let me accompany you.' But she only snook her fairy head aad replied— 'Ko, no ; that would be spoiling the romance indeed. I have conic upon you like a sprite, and like a sprite will I go.' And flBthiag like the moonbeam she was, she glided out into the night and floated away down the street When she next came I observed a feverish excitement in her manner that assured me even plainer than the coy sweetness displayed in our last interview that her heart had been touched by her lover's attentions. Indeed she hinted as much before she left, saying in a melancholy tone when I had ended my story in the utuol happy way with kisses and marriage, ' I shall never marry !' finishing the explanation with a long-drawn sigh, that somehow emboldened me to say — perhaps be cause I knew she had no mother— ' And why ? What reason can there be for such rosy Dps saying their possessor will never marrj 1' She gave me one quick look and then dropped her eyes. I feared I had offended her, acd was feeling very humble when she Enddenly replied in an even but low tone, 'I E&id; I should &evcr; marry because the one man who pleases me is the last whom fate will allow me for s huebasd.' ' Fate T repeated I, all the hidden romance of my c&tuie; starting into sadden life. 'Yes.' ' ' What do you mean ? Toll me.' ' There is nothing to tell,' said she ; 'only I have been so weak ta to—' she would not say fall in love, she was a proud woman—' admire a nun whom my uncle will never allow me to marry.' ' And she rose es if to go, but I drew her back. 'Whom your uncle will not allow yoa to marry V I repeated, ' why, because he is poor?' ' No ; uncle loves money, but not to such an extent as that Besides, Mr. Clavering is cot poor. He is the owner of a beautiful plies in his own country— ' 'Own country.' I interrupted. 'Is he not an American?' 'No,' the returned; 'he is an Enslish man.'- I did not tee why she need say that in just the way she did, but supposing she was aggravated by some secret memory went on to enquire— ' Thca what difficulty caa there be? Isn't ho'— I was going to s&y; steady, but refrained. ' He is an Englishman,' cried she, in the same bitter tone as before. 'Ia easing that I say it all. Uncle will never let me marry an Englishman.' I looked at her in amszement Such a puerile reason as that had never entered my mind, 'He has an absolute mania on the subject,' said she. ' I might as well ask him to allow me to drown myself as to marry an Eaglish m&D.;' A woman of truer judgment than myself would have said, 'Then, if that is so, why not discard from your breast all thought of him ? Why danco with him, and talk to him, and let your admiration develop into love ? Bnt I was all romance then, and angry at a prejudice I could neither understand nor ap preciate. I said ? 'Bat that is mere tyranny ! Why should he hate the English so ? And why, if he does, should jou feel yourself obliged to gratify him is a whim so unreasonable ?' 'Why? Shall I tell you, auntie?' *he said, flushing and looking away. ' Yes,' I returned ; ?* tell me everything.' ' Well then, if you want to know the worst of me, as you already know the best, I hate to incur my uncle's displeasure, because— because I have always been brought up to regard myself as his heiress, and I know that if I should naarrj contrary to his wishes he would insta&tly; change his mind and leave me penniless.' 'But,' I cried, my romance a little dampened by this admission, 'you tell me Mr. Clavering has enough to live upon, so you would not want; and if you love ? ' Her violet eyes fairly flashed in her amaze ment 'You don't understand,' she said; 'Mr. Clavering is not poor, bnt uncle is rich, I shall be a queen—7' There she paused, trembling and falling on my breast ' Oh, it sounds mercenary, I know,' she sobbed, ' but it is the fault of my bringing up. I have been taught to worship money. I would be utterly lost without it. And yet ? ' her whole face softening with the light of another emotion—' I cannot say to Henry Clavering, * Go ! I love my riches better then you 1' £ cencot, oh, I cannot' ' You love him, then,' said I, determined to get at the truth of the matter if possible. She rose restlessly, ' Isn't that a proof of love? If you knew me you would say it was,' And turning, she took her stand before a picture that hung on the wall of my sitting-room. ' That looks like me,' she said. It wai one of a good pair of photographs I possessed. 'Yes,'Irematked, 'that is why I prize it.' She did not Beem to hear me ; she was ab sorbed in gazing at the exquisite face before her. 'That is a winning face,' I heard her say; 'sweeter than mine. I wonder if she wonid ever hesitate between love and money. I do not believe the would,' her own counte nance growing gloomy and sad as she said so ; 'she would think only of the happiness she would confer; she is not hard like me; Eleanore herself would love this girl,' I think she had forgotten my presence, for at the mention of her cousin's came she turned quickly round with a half -suspicious look, saying lightly, 'My dear old Mamma Hubbard looks hor rified. She did tot know she had such a very unromantic little wretch fcr a listener when she was telling all those wonderful stories of love-slaying dragons, and living in caves, and walking over burning ploughshares as if they were tufts of spring grass, did she 2' 'No,' I Mid, taking her by an irresistible impulse of admiring affection into my arms ; ' but if I had it would have made no dif ference. I should still have talked about love, and of all it can do to make this weary work a-d»y world sweet and delightful.' ' Would yoa ? Then yoa do not think me euch a wretch?' What could I say ? I thought her the win (omest being in the world, and frankly told her to. Instantly she brightened into her very gayest self. Not that I thought then, much lees do I think now, that she particu larly cared for ay good opinion ; bat her nature demanded admiration, and uncon tciooBly blossomed under it as a flower under the sunshine. ' And yon will still let me come and tell you how bad I am,— that is, if I go on being bad, as I doubtless shall to the end of the chapter ? Yon will not torn me oft 2' ' I will never torn you oft' ' Hot a I should do a dreadful thing ? Not if I should ran away with my lover some fine night, and leave ancle to discover how ill his affectionate partiality has been reqaitted?' It was lightly said, and lightly meant, for she did uot even wait for my reply. Bat its seed sank deep into Our two hearts for all that. And for two days I spent my time in planning how I should manage if it should ever fall to my lot to conduct to a succesaf ul issue so enthralling a piece of business as an elopement Yea may imagine, then, how delighted I was when one evening Hannah —this unhappy girl who is now Iyiag dead under my roof, and who was occupying the position of Iftdj'a maid to Miss Mary Leavenworth at that tine — came to my door with a note from her ciistres?, running thus — 'Have the loveliest story ot the season ready for me to-morrow, aad let the prince be as handsome as — as some one you have heard cf, srd the princees as foolish as your little jieidirg pet,* 11 Mary.' Which short note could only mean that she was engaged. But morning-light did not bring i&y; Mary, cor noon-tide, nor evening. The next day came and went, but beyond hearing that Mr. Leavenworth had returned —he had been away travelling— I received neither word nor token. Two more days days dragged by, when just as twilight set in she came. It bad been a week since I had seen her, but it might have been a year by the change I observed in her countenance aad expression. I could scarcely greet her with any show of pleasure, she was so unlike her former self. 'You arc disappointed, are yoa not?' said she, looking at me. 'Youexpectedrevelations, whispered hopes, and all manner of sweet confidence, and you aee instead, a cold, bitter woman, who for the first time in your presence feels inclined to be reserved and un communicative.' 'That is because you have had more to trouble than encourage yoa ia your love,' I returned, though not without a certain shrinking caused more by her manner than words. She did not reply to this, bat rose and paced the floor ; coldly at first hut afterwards with a certain degree of excitement that proved to be the prelude to a change in her manner, for suddenly pausing she turned to me and said — 'Mr. Clavering has leftfi — , Mrs. Belden.' 'Left!' ' Yee, my uncle commanded me to dinniss him, acd I obeyed.' The work dropped from my hands in my heartfelt disappointment 'Ah! then he knows of your engagement to Mr. Cla verisg V ' Yes ; he had not been in the house five minutes before Eleanore told him.' ' Then she knew?' 'Yes;' with a half sigh. 'She could hardly help it. I was foolish enough to give her the cue in my first moment of joy and weakness. I did not think of the conse quences ; but I might have known. She is so conscientious.' ' I do cot call it conscientiousness to tell another's secrets ;' I returned. ' That is because you are cot Eleanore.' Not having a reply for this, I said, 'And 10 your uncle did not regard your engage ment with favor V ' ' Favor ? Did I not tell you he would never allow me to marry an Englishman, He said he would scontr see me buried.' 'And you yielded? Made do straggle? let the hard cruel man have hi* way ? She was walking off to look again at that picture which bad attracted her attention the time before, but at this word gave me one little sidelong look that was inexpressibly suggestive. ' I obeyed him when he commanded, if that is what you mean.' 'And dismissed Mr. Claveriag after hsv log given him jour word of honor to be his wife?' ' Why not, vrhen I found I could not keep my word.' 'Then jxu have decided not to marry him?' She did not reply at once, but lifted her face mechanically to the picture. 'My uncle would tell you that I had de cided to be governed wholly by hia withes,' she responded at hist with wh&t; I felt was aelf-scoia?ul bitterness. Greatly disappointed, I burst into tears, ' O, Maxy I' I cried, ' O, Mary !' and in stantly blathed, startled that I had called her by firit name. i; But she did not appear to no ce. 'Have you any complaint to make?' she asked. 'Is it not my manifest duty to be governed by my uncle's wishes? Has he not brought me up from childhood? lavished every luxury upon me? made me all I am, even to the love of riches which he has Icctillcd into my soul with every gift he has thrown into my lap, every word ha has dropped in my car since I was old enough to knew what riches meant? Is it for me now to turn my back upon fostering care so wise, beneficent, and free, just because a man wboci I have known some two weeks chances to cSer me in exchange what he pleases to call his love ?' ' But,' I feebly essayed, convinced perhaps by the tone of sarcasm in which this was uttered that she was not far from my way of thinking after all, ' if in two weeks you have learned to love this man more than every thing else, even the riches which make your uncle's favor a thing of such moment——' ' Well ?' said she, ' what then V 'Why, then I would say secure your happiness with the man of your choice if you have to marry him in secret, trusting to your influence over your uncle to win tbe for giveness he never can persistently deny.' ' Yon should have seen the arch expression which stole across her face at that. ' Would it not be better,' she asked, creeping to my arms and laving her head on my shoulder, ' would it not be better for me to make sure of that uncle's favor first, before undertaking tbe hazardous experiment of running away with a too ardent; lover ?' Struck by her manner, I lifted her face and looked at it It was one amused smile. ' O, my darling,' said I, ' you have not, then, dismissed Mr. Glavering ?' 'I have sent him away,' she whispered demurely. ' But not without hope ?n She burst into a ringing laugh. 'O, you dear Old Mamma Hubbard, what a match maker you are to be sure ! You appear as much interested as if yoa were the lover him self.' 'But tell me,' I urged In a moment her serious mood returned. ' He will wait for me,' said she. The next day I submitted to her the plan I had formed for her clandestine inter course with Mr. Clavering. It was for them both to assume names, she taking mine as one less liable to provoke conjecture than a strange name, a&d; he that of Le Boy Bob bins. The plan pleased her, and with the slight modification of a secret sign being nsed on the envelop to distinguish her letters from mine, was at onco adopted. A&d; so it was I took the fatal stop that has involved me in all this trouble. With the gift of my name to this young girl to use as she would and sign what she would I teemed to part with what was left me of judgment and discretion. Hence forth I was only her scheming, planning, devoted slave. Now copying the letters which she brought me a&d; enclosing them to the false name we had agreed upon, and now bUBjing myself in devising ways to forward to her those which I re ceived from him without risk of dis covery. Hannah was usually the medium we employed for this, as Mary felt that it would not be wise in her to come too often to my house. To this girl's charge, then, I gave such cotes as I could not forward in any other way, secure in the reticence ot her nature as well as in her inability to read, that these letters addressed to Mrs. Amy Belden weald arrive at their proper destination with out mishap. And I believe they always did. At all events no difficulty that I ever heard of arose oat of the use of this girl as a go between. But a change was at hand. Mr. Clavering, who had left an invalid mother in England, suddenly received notice that she was very ill and requested his immediate return. He prepared to obey the summons, but flushed with love, distracted by doubts, smitten with the fear that once withdrawn from the neigh borhood of a woman so universally courted as Mary, he would stand small chance of re taining his poiition in her regard, he wrote to her, telling his fears and asking her to marry him before he went ' Make me once your husband and I will follow your wishes in all things,' he wrote. ' The certainty that you are mine will make parting poiaible ; without it, Iesnnotgo.no, sctif my mother should die without the com fort of Easing good- by to her only child.' By come chance the was in my house when I bronght this letter from the post-office, and X shall sever forget bow she started when she read it. Butfrcmlookingasifshehadreceived an insult, she speedily settled down into a calm consideration of the subject, writing and delivering into my charge for copying, a few lines in which she promised to accede to bis request if he would agree to leave the public declaration of the marriage to her dis cretion, and consent to bid her farewell at the door of the church or wherever the ceremony of marriage should take place, never to come into her presence again till such declaration hud been made. Of coarse this brought in a couple of days the sore response. 'Any- thing so you will be nine.' And Amy Belden's wits and powers of planning were all summoned into requisition for the second time to devise how this matter could be arranged without subjecting the parties to the chance of detection. J found the thing very difficult In the first place it was essential that the marriage should come off within three days, Mr. Clavering having upon the receipt of her letter secured his passage npon a steamer that sailed on the following Satur day ; and next, both he and Mils Iieaven worth were too conspicuous in their personal appearance to make it at all possible for them to be married without remark, anywhere within gossiping distance of this place. And yet it was desirable that the scene of the ceremony should not be too far away, or the time occupied in effecting the journey to and from the place, would necessitate an absence from the hotel on the part of Bliss Leaven worth long enough to arouse the suspicions of Eleanore— something which Mary felt it wiser to avoid. Her uncle, I have forgotten to say, wasnothere— having gone off travelling again, shortly after the apparent dismissal of Mr, Ciavering. F— , then, was the only town I could think of which combined the two advantages of distance and accessibility. Although upon the railroad, it was an insig nificant place, and had what was better yet, a very obscure man for its clergyman, living, which was best of all, not ten rods from the depot If they could meet there? Making enquiries I found that it could be done, and all alive to the romance of the occasion, pro ceeded to plan the details. And now I am coining to what might have erased the overthrow of the whole scheme ; I allude to the detection on the part of Eleanore of the correspondence between Mary end Mary Clavering. It happened thai. Hannah, who in her goings back and forth bad grown very fond of my society, had ccme in to Bit with me for awhile one evening. She had not been in the house, however, more than ten minutes before there came a knock at the front door, and going to it I saw, as I supposed, Mary, from the long cloak she wore, standing before me. Think ing {«he had come -with a letter for Mr, CJaverisg, 1 grasped her arm and drew her into the hall, saying, 'Have you got it? I most post it to night or he will not receive it in time.' There I paused, for the panting crea ture I had by the arm turning npon me, I saw that it was a stranger. ' You have made a mistake,' she cried, ' I am Eleanore Leavenworth, and I have come for my girl Hannah, Is she here V I could only raise my hand in apprehension and point to the girl sitting in the corner of the room before her. Mias Leavenworth immediately turned back. ' Hannah, I want you,' said she, and would have left the house without another word, but I caught her by the arm. ' O, roias— ' I began, but she gave me such a look, I dropped her arm as if it had been hot steel. ' I have nothing to say to yon,' she cried in a low. thrilling voice. ' Do not detain me.' And with a glance to see if Hannah were following her, she went out For an hour I sat crouched on the stair just where she had left me. Then I went to bed, but I did not sleep a wink that night You can imagine then my wonder, when with the first plow of the early morning light, Mary looking more beautiful than ever, came running up the steps and into the room where I was, with the letter for Mr. Claver ing trembling in her hand. 'Oh!' I cried in my joy and relief, ' didn't she understand me, then ?' The gay look on Marj'a face turned to one of reckless scorn. ' If yoa mean Eleanore, jcp. She is duly initiated, w»mimt Hubbard. Knows that I love Mr. Clavering and write to him. I couldn't keep it secret after the mistake you made but evening, so I did the next best thing, told her the truth.' ' ' Not that you were about to be married!' ' Certainly not I don't believe in unneces sary communications,' 'And you did not find her as angry as you expected?' ' I will not say that ; she was angry enough. And jet—' coutinued Mary vt ita a burst of self- scornful penitence, 'I wili not call Elea&crc;'ja loftly indignation, anger. Sho was grieved. Mamma Hubbard grieved.' And with a laugh that I believe was rather the result of her own relief than of any with to reflect on her cousin, she threw her head on one side and eyed me with a look which seemed to say, 'Do I plague von so very much, you dear old Mamma Hubbard?' She did plague me and it could not conceal it 'And will she not tell your uncle?' I gasped. The heivo expression on Mary's face quickly changed. ''No.' eeid she. I felt a heavy hand hat with fever, lifted from my heart ' And we can still go on V She held out tbe letter for reply. The plan agreed upon betfeeen as for the carrying out of our intentions was this. At the time appointed, Mary was to excuse her self to her cousin upon the plea that she had promised to take me to see a friend in the next town. She was then to enter a buggy previously ordered, and drive here where I was to join her. We were then to proceed immediately to the minister's house in F— , where we had reason to believe we should find everything prepared for us. But in this plan, simple as it was, one thing was forgotten, and that was the character of Ele&nore;'s love for her cousin. That she would suspect something was wrong, we did not doubt but that she would actually follow her op and demand sa explanation of her conduct, was what neither she who knew her so well nor I who knew her so little, ever imagined possible. And yet that was just what occurred. But let mo explain. Mary, who had followed out the programme to the point of leaving a little note of excuse on Eleanore's dressing-table, had come to my house and was just taking off her losg clcak to show me her dress, when there came a commanding knock at the front door. H&stilj; pulling her.cloak about her Iran to open it, intending, you may be euro, to dismiss my visitor with short ceremony when I heard a voice behind me say, 'Good heavens, it is Eleanore !' and glancing back say Mary looking through the window-blind upon the porch without, ' What shall I do ?' cried I shrinking back. ' Do ? why open the door and let her in ; I am not afraid of Eleanore.' I immediately did so, and Eleanore Leaven* worth, very pale but with a resolute couc tenance, walked into the house and into this room, confronting Mary in very nearly the same spot where yon are now sitting. 'I have come,' said she, lifting a face whose expres sion of mingled sweetness and power I could not bnt admire even in that moment of appro* heneion, 'to ask you without any excuse for ray request if yoa will allow me to accompany yoa upon your drive this morning V Mary, who had drawn herself up to meet some word of accusation or appeal, turned carelessly away to the glass, 'I am very sorry,' she said, 'but the boggy holds only two, and I shall be obliged to refuse.' ' I will order a carriage,' 'Bat I do wish your company, Eleanore. We are off on a pleasure trip and desire to go as we have planned by ourselves.' ' And yoa will not allow me to accompany you?' ' I cannot prevent your going in another carriage.' Eleanore's face grew yet more earnest in its expression. 'Mary,' said she, 'we have been bronght up together. I am your sister in affection if not in blood, and I cannot see jcu start npon this adventure with no other companion than this woman. Neither con science, love, nor the gratitude I feel for oar absent uncle will allow me. If you go where you propose, I must accompany you. Then tell me, shall it be at your side as a sister, or on the road behind yon as the enforced guardian of you honor against your will V ' My honor ?' 'You are going to meet Mr. Ciavering.' 'Well?' ' Twenty miles from home.' 'Well?' ' Now is it discreet or honorable for you to do this ? If it is, discretion and honor are not the virtues which I have been bronght up to think them.' Mary's haughty lip took an ominous curve, ' The same hand that raised yoa has raised me,' she cried bitterly, ?' This is no time to speak of that,' returned Eleanore. Mary's countenance flushed. All the an tagonism of her nature was aroused. She looked absolutely Juno-like in her wrath and reckless menace. ' Eleanore,' cried she, ' I am going to F— — , to marry Mr. Clavering. Ifote do you wish to accompany me ?' 11 1 do.' Mary's whole manner changed. Leaping forward she grasped her cousin's arm and shook it 'Why?' cried she. 'What do you intend to do?' ' To witness the marriage if it be a true one, to step between you and shame if any element of falsehood should come ia to affect its legality.' Mary's hand fell from her cousin a arm. ' ] do not understand yoa,' said she ; ' I thought you never gave countenance to what yoa con sidered wrong.' 'Nor do I. Any one who knows me will understand that I do not give my approval to this marriage just because I attend its ceremonial in the capacity of an unwilling witness.' 'Then why go?' 'Because I value your honor above my own ftace, Because I lore oar common bene factor and know that he would never pardon me if I let his darling be married, however contrary her onion might be to hia wishes, without lending the support of toy presence to make the transaction at least a respectable one.' ' But in so doing yoa will be involved in a world of deception— which you hate.' ' Any more so than now ?' ' Mr. Clavering does not return with me, Eleanore.' ' No, I supposed not' 'I leave him immedifitely after the cere mony.' Eleanore bowed her head, 'He goes to Europe.51 A pause. ' And X return home.' ' There to wait for what, Mary 5' Mary's face crimsoned and she turned slowly away. 'What every other girl does under such circumstances, I suppose. The development of more reasonable feelings in an obdurate parent's heart' Eleanore sighed, and a short silence ensued, broken by Eleanore's suddenly falling npon her knees and clasping her cousin'* hand. ' O, Mary,' she sobbed, her haughti ness all disappearing in a gash (of wild en treaty, ' consider what yoa are doing ! Think before it is too late of the consequences which, most follow such an act as this. Marriage founded upon deception can never lead to happiness. Love— bat it is not that Love would have led you either to have dismissed Mr. Clavering at once or to have openly accepted the fate which a union with him would bring. Only passion stoops to subterfuge like this. ' And yoa,' con tinued she, rising and turning toward me In a sort of forlorn hope very touching to see, 'vou who have borne and brought up children, will yon see this young motherless girl, driven by caprice and acknowledging no moral restraint, enter upon the dark and crooked path she is planningfor herself, without one word of warning and ap peal? Tell me, mother of children, dead and buried, what excuse yoa will have for your own part in this day's work, when she, with her face marred by the sorrows which must follow this deception, comes to yoa—' ' The same excuse probably,' Mary's voice broke in chill aad strained, ' which yoa will have when uncle enquires how you came to allow such a very wicked picca of business to be accomplished in his absence ; that she could not help herself, that Mary would gang her ain gait, and every one around must ac commodate themselves to it' It was like a draught of icy air suddenly let loose in a room heated up to fever point Eleanore stiffened immediately, and drawing back pale and composed, turned upon her cousin with the remark— ' Then nothing can move you V The curling of Mary's lip was her only Mr. Raymond, I do not wish to weary yoa with my feelings, bat the first great distrust I ever felt of my wisdom in pushing this matter so far came with that curl of Mary's lip. Plainer than Eleanore's words it showed me the temper with which she was entering upon this undertaking, and struck with momentary dismay I advanced £0 speak when Mary stopped me. ' There now, Mamma Hubbard, don't yoa go and acknowledge that yoa are frightened, for I won't hear it I have promised to marry Henry Clavering to-day, and I am going to keep my word — if I don't love him,' she added with bitter emphasis. Then smiling upon me in a w&y; that caused me to forget everything save the fact that she was going to her bridal, she handed me her veil to f asteo. As I was doing it with very trembling fingers, she said, looking straight at Eleanore — ' You have ehown yourself more interested in my fate than I have 'ever thought possible. Will you continue to display that concern all the way to F ? , or may I hope that I shall be allowed to dream in peace upon the step which, according to yoa, is about to hurl upon me such dreadful consequences ?' ' If I go with you to F ? ,' Eleanore re turned, ' it is as a witness, no more, My sisterly duty is done.' 'Very well, therj,' Mary said, dimpling with sudden gaiaty, 'I suppoie I shall have to accept the situation. Mamma Habbard, I am eo sorry to disappoint yoa, but the baggy ibon't hold three. If you are good you shall be the first to congratulate me,' she whis pered, ' when I come home to-night' And almost before I knew it, the two had taken their seats in the boggy that was waiting at the door. 'Good-by,' cried Mary, waving her hand from the back, ' wish me much joy —of my ride.' I tried to do so, but the words wouldn't come. I could only wave my hand in re sponse, and rush sobbing Into the house. Of that day and Us long hoars of alternate remorse and anxiety, I cannot trust myself to speak. Let me come at once to the time when seated alone in my lamp-lighted room, I waited and watched for the token of their return which Mary had promised me. It came in the shape of Mary herself, who, wrapped in her loag cloak and with her beautiful face aglow with blushes, came steal ing into the house just as I was beginning to despair. A strain of wild music from the hotel porch where they were having a dance entered with her, producing such a weird effect upon my fancy that I was not at all surprised when in flinging off her cloak, she displayed garments of bridal white a&d; a head crowned with snowy roses. ' O Mary \' cried I, bunting into tears, 11 you are then ? ' 'Mrs. Henry Clavering, at your service. I'm a bride. Auntie.' 'Without a bridal,' I murmured, taking her passionately into my embrace. She was not insensible to my emotion. Nestling close to me, she gave herself up for one wild moment to a genuine burst of tears, saying between her sobs all manner of tender things, telling me how she loved me, and how I was the only one in all the world to whom she dare come on this her wedding night for com fort or gratulations, and of how frightened she felt now it was all over, as if with her came she had parted with something of in estimable value, 'And docs not the thought that you have made tome one the proudest of men, solace you ?' I asked, more than dismayed at this failure of mine to make these lovers happy. ' I don't know,' she sobbed. ' What satis faction can it be for him to feel himself tied for life to a girl who sooner than lose a pro spective fortune subjected him to ssch a parting.' 'Tell me about it,' said I. But she was not in the mood at that mo ment. The excitement of the day had been too much for her. A thousand fearB seem to beset her mind. Crouching down on the stool at my feet, she sat with her hands folded and a glare on her face that lent as aspect of strange unreality to her brilliant attire. ' How shell I keep it secret ? The thought haunts me every moment; how can I keep it secret ?' 'Why, is there any danger 0! its being known?' I enquired. 'Were yoa seen or followed?' 'No,' she murmured. 'It all went oS well, but—' ' Where is the danger then ?' ' I cannot say ; bat some deeds are like ghosts. They will not be hud, they reappear, they gibber, they make themselves known whether we will or not I did not think of this before. I was mad, reckless, what yoa will. Bnt ever since the night has come I have felt it crushing upon me like a pall that smothers life and youth and love out of my heart While the sunlight remained I could endure it, but now— O, Auntie, I have done something that will keep me in constant fear. I have allied myself to a living apprehension. I have destroyed my happiness.' I was too aghast to speak. ' I have tried to play gaiety for two hours. I have stood up in the parlors below, dressed in my bridal white and crowned with my wreath of roses, making believe to myself that I was receiving wedding guests and that every compliment bestowed on me — and they were only too numerous — were just so many congratulations npon my marriage. Butitwas no use ; Eleanore knew it was no use. She has gone to her room to pray, while I— I have come here for the first time, perhaps for the last, to fall at some one's feet and cry—.' God have mercy upon me !' ' \- I looked at her in uncontrollable emotion. ' Oh, Mary,' said I, ' have I only succeeded then in making yon miserable ?' She did not answer ; she was engaged in picking np the crown of roses which had fallen from her hair to tie floor. ' If I had not been taught to love money so,' she said at length ; ' if like Eleanore I could look npon the splendor which has been ours from childhood as a mere accessory of life, eacy to be dropped at the call of duty or affection. If prestige, adulation, and elegant belongings were not so much to me, or love, friendship, and domestic happiness more. If only I could walk a step with out dragging the chain Of a thousand luxurious longings after me, Eleanore can. Lordly as she is in her beautiful womanhood, haughty as she can be when the delicate quick ot her personality is touched too rudely, I hive known her to sit by the hoar in a low, chilly, ill-lighted and illsmell inpgarref-, cradling a dirty child on her knee, and feeding with her own hand an impatient old|woman whom no one else would consent to touch. Oh, oh, they talk about repentance and a change of heart ! If some one or some thing would only change mine ! Bat there is no hops of that ! no hope of my ever being any thing else than what I am— a selfish, wil ful, mercenary girl.' Nor was this mood a mere transitory one. That same eight she made a discovery which increased her apprehension almost to terror. This was nothing less than the fact that Eleanore had been keeping a diary of the last weeks. ' Ob,'she cried, in relating this to me the next day, ' what security shall I ever feel as long as this diary of hen remains to con front me every tima I go into her room. And she will not consent to destroy it though I have done my best to show her that it is a betrayal of the trust I reposed in her. She SBva tbat it is all there is to show her reasons for doing as she has, and that without it she would lack means of defence, if ancle should ever accuse her of treachery to him and his hisppitejs. She promises to keep it locked np, but what good will that do ? A thousand atcide&tsn-ighthappeD;,arjy of them sufficient to throw it Into ancle's hands, I shall never feel cafe for a moment while it exists.' I endeavored to ealm her by saying that If Eleanore was without malice, such fears were groundless. But she would not be comforted, and seeing her 10 wrought np, I snggested that ehe should ask Eleanore to deliver it into my keeping till such time as she should feel the necessity of using it The idea struck Mary favorably. ' Oh yes,' cried she, ' and I will put my certificate with it and so get rid of all my care at once.' And before the afternoon was over, she hadseen Eleanore andmadehec rcqnesb It was acceded to With this proviso, that I was neither to destroy nor give up all or any of the papers except upon their united de mand. A small tin box was accordingly pro cured into which were put all proofs of Mary's marriage then existing, viz.; the certificate, Mr. Covering's letters, and such leaves front Eleanore's diary as referred to this matter. It was then' handed over ta me with the stipulation I have already men tioned, and I stowed it away in a certain closet np stairs, where it has Iain undisturbed till last night. Here Mrs. Belden paused, and blushing painfully, raised her eyes to mine with a loot in which anxiety and entreaty were curiously blended. 'I don't know what you will say,' she began, ' bat led away by my fears I took that box out of its hiding-place last evening* and notwithstanding your advice carried it from the house, and it is now ? ' ' In my possession,' said I, quietly. I don't think I ever saw her look more astounded, not even when I told her of Hannah's death. ' Impossible !' ' she ex. claimed, ' I left it last night in the old bam that was burned down. I merely meant to bide it for the present, and could think of no better place in my hurry ; for the barn ia said to be haunted— a man hung himself there once— and no one ever goes there. I— I— jou cannot have it,' cried she, 'un« less ? ' ' Unless I found and brought it away be* fore the barn was destroyed,' I suggested. Her face flushed deeper, 'Xhen you toU lowed me?' ' Yes,' said I. Then, as I felt my own conn tenance redden, hastened to add, ' We have been playing strange aad unaccustomed parts you and i. Sometime when all these dreadful events shall be a mere dream of the past, we will ask each other's pardon. But never mind all this now. The box is safe, and I am anxious to hear the rest of your story.' This seemed to compose her, and after a minute she continued :— Mary seemed more like herself after this ; and though, owing to Mr. Leavenworth'^ return and their subsequent prepara tions for departure, I saw but little more of her, what I did see waa enough to make me fear that with the locking up of the proofs of her marriage she was indulging the idea that the marriage itself had become void. Bat I may have wrcDged her in this. Tbe story of those few weeks is almoBfc finished. On the eve 0! the day before she left Mary came to my house to bid me good bye. She had a present in her hand, the value of which I will cot state, as I did not take it, though she coaxed me with all her prettiest wiles. But she said something that night that I have never been able to forget It waa this. I had been speaking of my hops that before two months had elapsed she would so win upon Mr. Leavenworth that she would be able to send for Mr. Clavering, and that when that day came I should with to be ad vised of it, when she suddenly interrupted me by raying— ' Uncle will never be won upon as you call it while he lives. If I was convinced of it be fore I am sure of it now. Nothing but his death will ever make it possible for me ta send for Mr. Clavering.' Then seeing me look aghast at tbe long period of separation which this seemed to betoken, blushed a little, and whispered — 'The prospect seems somo* what dubious, doesn't it ? But if Mr. Clavering loves me he can wait' ? ' But' said I, ' your uncle is only little past the prime of life, and appears ta be in robust health. It will be years of waiting, Mary.' ' I don't know,' murmured she. ' I think cot Uncle is not as strong as he looks, and ? ' She did not say any more, horrified perhaps at the torn the conversation was taking ; but there was an expression on her countenance that set me thinking at the time{ and has kept me thinking ever since. Not tbat any actual dread of such an occur* rence as has since happened, came to me then to make the long months which now inter vened worse than they were. I was as yet too much under the spell of her charm to allow any thing calculated to throw a shades? over her image to remain long in my thoughts. But when sometime in the fall a tetter came to me personally from Mr. Clavering, filled with a vivid appeal to tell him something oC the woman who in spite of her vows doomed him to a saspeote so cruel, and when on the evening of the same day a friend of mine who had just returned from New York spoke of meeting Mary Leavenworth at some gathering surrounded by manifest admirers, I began to realise the alarming features of the affair as it then existed, and sitting down, I wrote her a letter. Not in the strain in which I had beets accustomed to talk to her — I had not her pleading eyes and trembling, caressing hands ever before me to beguile my judgment from its proper exercise — but honestly and car. neatfy telling her how Mr. Clavering felt, and what was the risk she ran in keeping so ardent a lover from his rights. The reply she sent rather startled me. ' I have put Mr. Robbing out of my calca. latiocs for the present and advise you to da the fame, disappointing as it may be to yoa. As for the gentleman himself, I have told him that when I could receive him I would be careful to notify him. That day baa not yet come. ' But do not let him be discouraged,' she added in a postscript 'When he does receive his happiness, it will be a satisfying one.' When, I thought Ah. it is that wJien which is likely to ruin all ! Bat intent upon fulfilling her will, I sat down and wrote a letter to Mr. Clavering, in which I stated what she had said and begged him to have patience, adding that I would eurely let him know if any change took place in Mary or her circum stances. And having dispatched it to his address in London, awaited the development Of events. They were not slow in transpiring. In two weeks from that time I heard of the sadden death of Mr. Stebhins, the minister who had married them; and while yet laboring under the agitation produced by this shock, was further startled by seeing in a New York paper the name of Mr. Cl&vering; among the list of arrivals at tbe Hoffman House ; showing that my letter to him had failed ia its intended effect, and that the patience Mary had calculated upon so blindly was verging to its end. I was consequently far from being surprised when in a couple of weeks or so afterwards a letter came from him to my address, which, owing to the care less omission of the private mark upon the envelope, I opened, and read enough to learn that, driven to desperation by the constant failures which he had experienced in all hia endeavors to gain access to her in public or private, a failure which be was not backward in ascribing to her indisposition to see him, he had made up his mind to risk everything, even her displeasure ; and by making an appeal to her nncle end the suspense under which he was labor ing definitely and at once. ' I want yon, Amy,' he wrote; 'dowered or dowerless, it makes little difference to me. If yoa will not come cf yourself, then I mast follow the example of the brave knights, my ancestors ; storm the csstle that holds you, aud carry you off by force of arms/' Neither can I say that I was^mach sur. prised, knowing Mary as I did, when in a few days from this she forwarded to me for copying this reply:— 'If Mr. Bobbins ever expects to be happy with Amy Belden, let him reconsider the determination of which he speaks. Not only would he by such an action, succeed in destroying the happiness of her be professes to love, but ran the greater rhk of effectually annulling the affec tion which makes the tie . between them en durable.' To this there was neither date nor signs tare. It was the cry of warning which a spirited, self-contained creature gives when brought to bay. It made even me reooil though I had known from the first that her pretty wilfulnets was but the tossing foam floating above the soundless depths of cold resolve and most deliberate purpose. What its real effect was upon him and her fate I can only conjecture. All I know is that in two weeks thereafter Mr. Leaven worth was found murdered in his room, and, Hannah Cheater coming direct to my door from the scene of violence begged me to take her in and secret her from public enquiry, aa I loved end desired to serve Mary Lea?en worth, {To be continued.) 