THROUGH TASMANIA, No. 35. [BY OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.] At the conclusion of No. 34 we had just arrived at Woolnorth, the north- western limit of Tasmania, an estate belonging to the Van Diemen's Land Company. On entering the manager's cottage, where the overseer (Mr. James Wilson) lives, was the Hobart Town Courier of September 25, 1830 \- a venerable print indeed. I suggested it was prima facie evidence of the need of more frequent mails, but found the overseer had our late dailies and weeklies and a good store of books. The old journal has two supplements, which contain instructions to the inhabitants of the district to co-oporate with the military and police to form the cordon for driving the aboriginals to a position whero they could be dealt with, and which, as we now know, failed in its object. There was some burning going on near the homestead, where we found Wilson and a young fellow lately out from Cheshire, named Gibbs, who was duly introduced. Wilson is an experienced hand among stock, and a great acquisition to Mr. Norton Smith. Gibbs is gaining colonial experience, and could not be better quartered than on Woolnorth. As it was afternoon when we arrived, by the time dinner was ove, and the survey of the burning paddock completed, it was not worth while to saddle fresh horses, so we interviewed the Durham herd. The cows, as the German mourner said, when describing his deceased boy, were "more vat ash putter." Several are pure. One of the latter, Topsy, has a fine seven months' bull calf at foot, sold to Mr. H. Ford. He shows plenty of quality, and his dam, though largely indented on for lacteal nutriment, is in the highest condition. Native, a Duke of Rockingham bull, bred by Messrs. W. Gibson and Son, is lord of the seraglio. He is three years off, an immense roan, with curly mane, and lovelocks enough for an Absalom. His weight will be about 1,000lbs., and he is very symmetrical. Among the cows are several close on 1,000lb. We were in the saddle by about 7 next morning, early breakfasts are the rule at this station, and went stock collecting, which took the party through the bush-paddock and to the extreme north point of Tasmania, not named on the maps. Its native name is Ma-an-dai Point. There is a grand view of the rocky shore and channel, full of reefs, between it and Trefoil Island. This is a bold rocky island with sloping plateau on its elevated surface, 100ft. above the sea, 320 acres in extent. It is leased to a farmer who runs 300 sheep there. The channel is three miles wide. An assigned servant of the company, whose time expired upon the island, cut a honeysuckle and paddled ashore to the main rather than wait till a boat came. Liberty is sweet. The Hunters, Stack Island, Steep Island, the Penguin, Petrel, and a host of islands and islets and rocks are in sight, extending from the Black Pyramid, standing alone out of the sea 23 miles westward from 27 fathoms water, to others within a more extended radius. The spring tides flow here five miles an hour, and when meeting a westerly gale raise a sea few vessels would live in. Crayfish are plentiful near the kelp. In the old days blacks were wont to swim to Trefoil Island, etc., and were expert at diving after crayfish. Wilson tells us of an old black woman who frequently ferried herself across, and when tired would rest herself on top of the kelp. Aunt Maria would dive and bring up two crays at a time. During our ride on Ma-an-dai Point a fine kangaroo started from cover, and took across the clear. Having no dogs, boomer escaped being chased, and I was glad for its sake. Kangaroo are beautiful gentle creatures, and, though quite legitimate to kill them for their skins, and to make room for sheep and cattle, I prefer to see them living. There is a pet kaugaroo on the station, which is very tame. All day, that is, after morning milking, it keeps away in the bush, and returns about sundown. It fraternises with the house- keeper's children, with whom many gambols are mutually enjoyed. Joey becomes very bold towards evening, if her usual dole of new milk is not forthcoming, and demands it in a way there is no mistaking. One of the leading traits in Tasmanian character is fondness for pet animals and flowers. Jooy shows no fear among the station dogs, which are quite friendly, but when a stranger dog turns up she is off for safety double quick. The same dogs will take after wild kangaroo and wallaby. Just across the sandblow is Valley Bay, a little south of Cape Grim, off which two wall-sided, mushroom-topped rocks, called The Doughboys, stand a cable or two apart. They are respectively 8 or 10 acres in area, and perhaps 100ft. high, covered on top with olive green vegetation. There is a bay between Cape Grim and the next southerly headland full of reefs and pinnacle rocks of fantastic shape, and a razor-backed elbow, reaching a few hundred yards out, connecting a truncated pyramid with the mainland. South of this are the two Pulpit Rocks - black points in shape, like icicles standing on their bases, and from 50ft. to 70ft. high. Three hundred and fifty or four hundred feet above the sea, overlooking this bay of ceaseless clangour and turmoil of seething waters, among the jagged reefs and points, Slaughter Bluff frowns. Shelving rocks below occupy the thresholds to long cavernous natural adits, into which the half-spent seas force themselves with expiring impact, to be returned defiantly back in snowy cascades that join and add new strength to the next swift advancing breaker. There is a crush and boom going on perpetually, like that following the discharge of siege guns reverberating, and making the cliffs tremble to their foundations. As the reacting force of compressed air ejects the agitated waters from the caverns, a milky spindrift is shot far into the teeth of the gale and taken upward in eddying whirls, like writhing ghost forms, now startlingly vivid, and anon indistinctly merging with the wraith cloud. In moments of sunshine prismatic tints warm the shooting spirals, and canopy the wild scene with rainbow. The ominous thundering below, then, seems more distant, and crash of surging dashing waters mellower. Slaughter Bluff is well named. Here, in the year of grace 1828, an appallng crime was committed, so black in its ghastly cruelty as to seem more a tale of hell than earth. A party of aboriginals who, rightly or wrongly, were charged with having stolon sheep, a fiend named Chamberlain and two others brought them to bay on the down above the Bluff. Chamberlain called on his mates to use their pieces, but they refused to shoot. They agreed to load the guns though, and he began firing, There was no esoape. The cliffs were on two sides, a declivity on another, and their bloodthirsty enemy the other. If they ottomptcd escape toward the valley the position was nearly as bad, as they would all be shot just the same. There is not a tree for cover. There were 12 in the party of both sexes, young and old. One after another fell by the murderous bullets, fired with unerring precision as rapidly as three guns could be loaded. Wild panic possessed the poor blacks who were yet untouched, at the prospect of cold-blooded butchery before them, and they retreated toward the precipice, and ran along its brink, shrieking in frantic agony for mercy. No mercy here! With heartrending despairing cry they stampeded to the brink, and leaped headlong over, choosing rather instant death on the rocks below to the prolonged torture of being murdered in turn. Not one was left. Their mangled bodies were riven asunder by the breakers whose erst creamy croata were dyed with blood, which cried for vengeance. The authorities of the day took only passing notice of the "affray," and not long after Governor Arthur commuted the capital sentence on a man taken red-handed with the blood of an aboriginal, remarking that as no steps were taken in the Woolnorth matter, he would pass this by. The man's wife had been killed by other blacks, and it was natural that he should retaliate when he could. Below the Bluff, in Valley Bay, the rock formation is full of crevices and blowholes. Among the former are crystal pools, several feet deep, with sides clustered by sea anemonies and many- tinted seaweed, from which a beautiful collection could be culled. The beach is strewn with kelp torn from its coral root-hold and washed ashore, also a quantity of driftwood, as broken cases, shingles, and spars. Bluff Point, the next prominent one going South, is the northern horn of Studland Bay, which has a fine sand beach of over four miles. About 12 miles out, almost due west from Calm Bay, there is a dangerous ledge of rocks, not visible above water, but in clear weather when blowing, the break appears half a mile in length. The beach, from Stud- land Bay along to abreast of Mount Cameron west, has wreckage cast up from time to time, such as bottled ale in casks, cases of lollies in soldered tins, petroleum, sperm candles, white wax in blocks, like small cheese, etc. It is supposed a ship a few years ago struck this reef, and went down, and this is part of her cargo, which washed up, after unusual disturbance. If she came o'or the reef before sinking, this would very likely be the way it would come up. A ship has gone down somewhere off the coast, and with an outward cargo. All hands must have perished. Wilson has found three bottles, containing papers; one was from the Great Britain, and another from one of H. M. ships, on a surveying cruise. Publicity was given in each instance. Off the bay one morning he saw a large full-rigged ship so near shore that her passengers' and crews' movements could be distinguished on deck. He lit a fire to warn her off. She had drifted close to the dangerous coast in a light wind during the night, and when he saw her had just enough to clan off with. There is a peculiar spar on Woolnorth, which washed ashore, about 25ft long, coppered most of its length, and in one end a cap and screwbolt of gun-metal is fitted. It is a puzzle. The mustering of cattle and weaning calves occupied a few days. Most are Herefords. All the herds aggregate 600. The fenced portion of the estate is 10,000 acres, much of which is good grazing land. Both wire and rail fences are up. The posts, scrub gum from the local bush, are tough and lasting. Rails are made from ti-tree, and are found to last well. When the bulls were separated from the herds and turned into a paddock by them- selves there was a fight. Two Herefords engaged first, and, after a few bouts, one turned and ran, not, however, before he had a score in his flank a foot long. Mr. Native undertook to whip the victor, which he did in very few moments. In the bull paddock were a couple of stags, one, Lincoln Lad, last year being a formidable warrior. He challenged Native, who accepted on a bank above a ti-tree marsh. Native stood on the down-hill side, and in true scientific fashion backed and filled for a better place before engaging. As soon as the bulls were facing on equal ground, they closed and put all their strength out for the mastery, Native, by his immense power, holding the Lad a fixture, while he turned his hind quarters up hill, gaining which advantage the adversary was rushed down the bank, rump foremost, into the crackling timber. The Lad seemed to think he was the better man on level ground, and so he probably is on unencumbered ground, where his sharp horns I come into play. After a rather prolonged spell they met again, and Native rushed his enemy once more into the ti-tree, where he fell. He began to horn him in stomach and flank, and prodded very severely. This was thought enough, so one of the stockmen galloped into the melee, and by an application of green hide sent Native to the right about. The other was not much hurt. Had the tables been turned the Lad's horns would have upped Native awkwardly. The other stag, and the bull, beaten by the senior Hereford earlier, made a feint to challenge Native after the fight, but, when he went for them, their tails dropped, and he was at the head of affairs. We rode to Mount Cameron west, one day to the shepherd and hunter's cabin, 18 miles away from any other habitation. From the station the road leads through a few miles of bush, with good soil and several creeks, thence across open country, and down one of the sand blows to Studland beach. From hence an extent of several hundred acres of marsh were inspected, which Mr. Norton Smith intends fencing in, together with some kangaroo grass plains. The marsh is of the best description, and will grow any crop, when broken up and drained. It can be fenced, drained, ploughed and sown with permanent grasses, for about £2 10s. per acre, and, like the soil at Montagu, where over 20 tons per acre of potatoes were grown, is practically exhaustless. The port at Woolnorth is 10 miles away, in a straight line, and country passable by slight detours. The reason for fencing is as much to keep wild cattle out as to keep tame cattle in, and of course to paddock the land so that proper attention can be paid to selection, etc. A number of Merinos roam at will over these plains, and the mobs we saw were all in tip top condition. Proceeding south from the marshes, the country is scrubby, with, as Mount Cameron is approached, a network of honeycombed ridges, lightly timbered, and valleys between, all good sound red soil. Care has to be observed in crossing the bottoms, as some are treacherous, like most in the Welcome neighbourhood. These warm valleys and ridges continue more or less along the coast line, except here and there a cross belt of quartzite, from Mount Cameron to Cape Woolnorth, and outside the fences are resorts of the wild cattle. Charlie Williams, the shepherd and hunter of Mount Cameron, his wife, and two children, occupy a rustic paling cabin of two rooms at the foot of a conical hill, near the Mount, half a mile from the Pacific shore. The stunted trees on the bleak hills are mostly honeysuckles, which incline at an angle of 50deg. to the east, and indicate the force and direction of prevailing winds. He gets ten shillings each for each native tiger he catches and the same for stray dogs, besides the skins, and is instructed to shoot the wild cattle. For these the fee is half a crown on the skins being turned over to the manager. We saw no wild cattle, but both at the Studland hut on the beach and else- where came on their tracks of no great age. Williams has a collection of skulls of both tigers and devils adorning a skid near the house, where numerous hindquarters of kangaroo and wallaby attest his proficiency in this line. The tiger, or more properly, wolf, is peculiar to Tasmania only, as also is the devil. Both are destructive to sheep, particularly at lambing time, when they infest the vicinity of runs, but are becoming scarce on the depasturing section of Woolnorth. Neither kangaroo nor wallaby are plentiful, though, by assiduous snaring, sufficient are caught to make the work remunerative. A good tiger skin is worth half a sovereign. The tiger, when full grown reaches the size of a big retriever, is of tawny greyish hue, with zebra-like stripes from the back downward, beginning at the fore shoulder, and becoming longest between loin and buttock. It has splendid legs, like those of a good kangaroo dog, massive jaws, and strong serrated carniverous teeth, but is a great coward, and will never attack man or a good dog, or show fight, if it can help it. When caught it has been known to die of fright ere the hunter could get it home. In but few instances has it lived in captivity. The Tasmanian devil is better known, and is really the marsupial jackal, preferring to follow in the train of the tiger, and eat its leavings than forage for itself. It looks like a big fat rat with jackal head, is black, sometimes with a dirty white ring round the neck. Specimens have been caught over 40lb weight. Mrs. Williams, soon after our arrival, had the universal teapot underway, and table spread, with hot cakes, which, with fresh butter, and virgin honey, off the heather, made a capital meal. The cabin is a model of comfort and cleanliness. Besides them- selves and two children - one young tw0 year- old and a baby - a little sister of the hunter's wife brings up the total of the population. The Arthur River is 18 miles south, where "Captain" Gardiner occupies the honourable post of ferryman. Miners and others take this route to Heemskirk often, though against Mr. Norton Smith's will. He has given a public road, and is determined people shall keep to it, and not pass through his sheep. On the South Downs, between the Arthur and V. D. L. boundary, the cattle aro occasionally disturbed by hunters after kangaroo when they make this way. Now they appear to be nearly all in the Welcome bush. It is nice land near Williams'. Two or three paddocks are fenced in, and grow luxurious grasses, the virtue of which is attested by the fat cow and strapping calf grazing by, and the horse seems to have good life in this isolated place. On the return, a visit was paid Studland hut. There is a fenced paddock, and remains of cattle dressing pens in a warm grassy dell, sheltered by trees. The hut affords shelter to those called by business this way, should they need it. Visitors leave their cards and dates of call, to which mine is now added. The dates of callers range between 1873 and the present, and include Fred. Ford, Madame and Miss Gibson, Parson Adams, "Herr" Anderson, and others. The station was reached in good time, and next day, being Sunday, men and animals rested. On Monday, we left for Montagu, Tuesday Circular Head, and Wednesday reached Emu Bay, having ridden over 100 miles since leaving. Mr. Norton Smith took charge of the company's property in 1869, and of Woolnorth in 1872, a tenant having previously occupied it and come to grief, it was offered to a party for £125 per annum, and declined. He then, with some misgivings, tackled it, on the company's account. It had a bad name. Tigers and devils would destroy the sheep, and the cattle die, either through poisonous herbage or exposure to bad weather. To this date, that is, under tenants, it ran sheep only, and these were a deteriorated lot, poor and scabby, hardly worth shearing, and this was the stock he began with. The fences were out of order and drains choked, rendering the present beautiful marsh paddocks nothing but bogs. These matters were attended to, and a system of reclama- tion inaugurated. The animals destructive to stock were trapped, shot, or driven back, scab eradicated, and the worst sheep culled. Then 220 ewes of good strain were bought at the late Mr. Gibson's sale near Stony Creek, and St. Johnston's and Scone rams intro- duced. Ultimately the whole flock was renovated, and now the Woolnorth flock is a sound healthy one, whose clip compares favourably with that of any in the colonies, in weight, staple, and price. The Cheshunt sale was taken advantago of, and the founda- tion of the present Hereford herd purchased. Bulls of the Teal, Quamby, Oxonian, Matchless, and other noted strums were mated to the cows, and a Durham herd kept. Dairying was pursued awhile, but was abandoned, owing to labour being too costly to leave a fair margin. Mr. Smith modestly rates Woolnorth a second class run, but, taking into consideration that it is free of the rabbit pest and fluke, and can never, during severest drought, be without water and feed, it is, if not, a first class run, at any rate very near that position. About the homestead there is much fine agricultural soil on a lime foundation, which near the surface laps in veins and streaks, making the face of a road ballast cutting look like a bank of prepared mortar. This lime, when burnt, produces a cement which, as exhibited in the buildings, is literally as hard as the stone it binds. Tracts of the soil measured by the thousand acres are capable of feeding any quantity of stock, or growing any crop. Among the 600 cattle and 5,000 sheep there were not, even during the unusual and prolongod drought preceding my visit, six poor animals. All the rest were in grand condition. The capacity and capability of the north west corner are first rate. On the Emu Bay block, 60,000 acres, I have done a considerable ramble. The rail- way to Bischoff is approaching completion. By the time this sees type, thirty three or four miles of the 42 miles 50 chains will be complete, and in a thorough manner, Mr. Climie made out the road originally, and made a masterly job of it, and was in charge of the engineering generally. The character of the country is such that, to lay out a road, is a most difficult work. From the point completed nothing ahead could be seen for the thick timber and scrub. Mr. Norton Smith speaks in the highest terms of Mr. Climie, and his connexion with the former train, now rapidly being converted into a railway. Trains run daily to the limit of the work, and the through service is maintained by transhipment to the cars on the wooden line from the wharf through to Bischoff. The land generally is of first quality. On this block the whole forestine, including township blocks, aggregating 5,000 acres, have been sold, and there is more of equal quality along the line for disposal. I mentioned 3,000 acres being sold in the Circular Head block; 600 acres are sold at the Montagu boundary of Woolnorth. The company's land is sold at 30s. per acre, 26 per cent down, and the balance by Instalments, or it may remain on mortgage a period of years at 6 per cent. Leases are granted at 1s. per acre for 14 years. Minerals are reserved. The deeds, as regards the finding of payable mineral, provide for full compensation for land resumed, and the purchaser understands his bargain. Should minerals be found on a man's land of a payable character, it would be a good thing for him, as only a limited area of surface would be wanted, and the creation of a demand for produce on the spot ought to be courted rather than shunned. Much of the Emu Bay block resembles the Kentish country. The forest is of stringy bark and blackwood, with straight dogwood poles between, and in spaces the cat-head fern is found - always a good sign. There are celery top patches, and creeks, with myrtle, sassafras, and tree fern. The celery topped pine grows to large size, and is a beautiful tree. Among timber it stands unique for one quality, viz., it may be used without any seasoning, and does not shrink, and is even thus lasting as time. Axes, which on stringy bark, blackwood, etc., without perceptible dulling, require frequent sharp sharpening when used on celery top. The Onward, a vessel built to the order of Mr. Wm. Jones, of Uplands, was sparred and decked with this timber A freight of celery top spurs would take well with yacht builders at home. An employee of the company named Hughes went with me through the bush - an intelligent man, well skilled in woodcraft Before, I did not know how to distinguish black from lightwood standing in the forest. The bark of the former is rough and darker coloured, and branches more crooked. Light wood bark is smooth, ash colour, and thick. A parasitical excrescent growth forms on the myrtles in huge bunches. Its first appearance is a scab, with a florid fungoid substance, in appearance like a strawberry, and locally dubbed myrtle fruit. The bunches are covered with it about cherry season each year. When cut these protuberances, allowing for differences in colour, show all the wavy grain and kernels of knotted oak or block walnut, and in veneers would command any price. Amateur cabinet workers make pretty boxes, table tops, etc., from them. Figured parts of blackwood trees, the choicest parts of the whole tree, four or five feet of which, in veneers, is worth all the rest, are left in the stumps by our colonial way of felling, but, with a demand, axemen would fall into the English save-all plan of felling. The V. D. L. Co. would do well to push its valuable timber among the trades at home. Selections of the whole of the timber we passed through are of commercial value. Some of the best soil is capable of being cleared at small cost. A block, purchased by Dr. Armytage, in many parts though first class land, has not more than four big trees to the acre, and between the scrub is all dogwood sapling, as straight as possible. Among the occupied farms, as Burnie was approached, several are the reverse of credit- able. Debris, in the shape of dead timber, lies about, and blackberry and other bramble and scrub, occupy ground that should be clean. How holders managed to live on these farms for years, as I understand some have done over 20 years, is a problem. One thing, the few rods exposed to daylight must have been most prolific of crops and pasture, which is a volume of praise for the quality of the whole. Now owners are superseding this class, and the country side altering its complexion. A Mr. O'Callaghan and mine host, of the Ship,are among these latter, whose recent purchases already show improvement. The myrtle creeks are not profitable to clear as a rule, but are good shelter patches, and prudence would dictate a timber preserve on every property. Besides the wants of a farm, and the coming commercial value of myrtle and blackwood, etc., much higher than it is now, the item of cloud attraction ought to be considered. With rail and water carriage near, the timber useful for cabinet, coach, railway, carriage, ships, and other building, which it all is, and the sassafras, for internal work, packing cases, etc., must, when it comes to the fore, be found an acquisition rather than otherwise. The Hampshire Hills, Surrey Hills, and Middlesex Plains blocks, 170,000 acres, consists of forest land and grassy plains, which the Field family have on lease for cattle runs. About 6,000 cattle roam about, and, except the station and stockyard paddocks, are unconfined by fences. The characteristics of Emu Bay block continue to many parts of the Hampshire and Surrey, but, owing to elevation and the fondness of rain- cloud for timbered country, the climate is damper. Clearing would alter this. There are indications of important mineral deposits in various parts - gold, copper, silver, and tin; but hitherto no payable deposit has been discovered. In addition to the railway, and the labour it employs, the company has a sawing plant in work, and has enough to do to keep the railway works and mines at Mount Bischoff supplied with timber. 