CENERAL CORDON'S NEW BOOK/ That General. Gordon is not an adept , in the use of tbe pen is evident enough, but thisican- not be urged to his disparagement, A ready wrifbris, as a rule, just as awkward in tits? sword excercise. There are warriors who'ujritB,;" well, but .Gordon is not one of them. He may'.- r seo clearly, and he evidently feels strongly,- although ho lacks the ability to make 'others1 ' see and feel as he does. When he went off to'1 the Soudan he left his manuscript in the hands of trusty friends, who seem to have been- at a. loss what.todowitli.it. We are under the.,. ' -impression that' they would gladly have with- " held it from publication, but did not consider - themselves at liberty to disregard his ' express , wishes and injunctions.. It is. apologetically',!, stated that the notes are not oast into a per- , , fectly connectod form. They -have been -re-/." vised with anxious core by more than -one of - the writer's friends, and he is not responsible p- for the precise shape and order in which they :, have been collected and arranged." The re-, suit. of this compound manipulation is -not,., satisfactory, and we are left to wonder, what - the notes could have been like when they left f: the General's hands. . If his friends, besitateiL / about their publication, they must have- been, !- roused by sundry messages from. Khartoum. , One of these, dated the 3rd: of March, runs , , thus: — ' ' . 1 ' 1 . The titlo is correct ; _I am very interested- in", the l.ook, for ' it may tend to -show forth God's dwelling in net This is tbo great secret (Psalm - xxv.) Also He madeus in order'to have-u housol: . — naos— to live in. Without us He is house ess : He needs'U<yar.d how much do wo neod.Him.:; lr am- comforted here in my woakneaa.by .tLe.ro- j 'flection that our Lard rules all things ; and it is . direieb.llibn to dislike or murmur .'.gainat His' , rule. May His-name be glorified, these people ' blessed and bomfortod, and may I be deeply.' I bumbled, .and thus have a greater sonse.of ;His;' : indwelling Spirit. - This is my earnest prayer.' Three diys afterwards he wrote to onotlifeb 'friend 'in urgent language, .concluding.his letter, ! ! , with this statement.: — "Two passages— II- ! Chronicles, xiv. 11; and II. Chronicles, xx, l2: —are helpful to me this day under my prcBenfcj difficulties;" The first of these passages seems. v to be exceedingly appropriate to liis pdsiddn£'V' '. with one jmportaut difference. Asa went , out' to. , .smite,, the ..Ethiopians, while -Gordo'pir; . design was to bless them. Miracles 'were'-'/ . wrought ill favor of Asa and Johosaphat, and, the pro3peot"of new miracles is " helpful," ' i. The book, opens with eighteen pages, .of" . 'notes on: the topography of Jerusalem. jTho only portion of them calculated to arrest them, attention -is -that -relating- to' 'the pldae of-' " the crucifixion. This we quote as a favorable' specimen of the author' powers of deacrip- , tion ... - ; :' '... ;t. The eastern and more sacred of tho trod-, hills on which Jerusalem in built rises to nn aver- , ago height throughout its whale range,, which 'is., rather lower than that of tho avorago heigpf,., . takon similarly, of tho west hill. ' Wo' trace its ' . course ae a ridge rnnu ng north and south, with;' steep Hunts, and ending in a somewhat sharp'' declivity towards the south. The north end expands un il it forms part of the almost level'1- plateau north of the city. This northern end is, however, marked by an apex of uncovered rocker '' a rocky knoll resembling in form the human eku 1— and from this "skull hill" tho crown.. or. ridge of this eastern hill f ollows a lino which is . asLnl or askew, to tho valley of tho ICedron, until it reaches, at about two- thirds of its entire. ( ' length, nnothor bare rock, now covered by the Mosune of Omar. The crucifixion seems to have . - been on the skull bill, and the great altar ef burnt sacrifice to have been on this second remarkable rock within tho temple enclosure, lleyond, or to the north of tho skull hill, the . present slaughtor house of tl o city is p aced, and . a continuous tradition connqcts that portion .of ground outside tho northern wall with tlio place of stoning. Adjoining this hill, but not under it, is tho large cavern containing s vast cistern which is known an the grotto of Jeremiah; T think that the cross stood on tho top of the skull ' hill, in tho centre of it, and not where the; slaughter hou-o now stands. Leviticus i, 2. aaya that . tho victim was to be bIu'u ' on tho aido of tho altar northward, , boforo tho Lord,' and literally thoy wore to. slay the victims ' Slantwiso to tho altar north- . wards." Tho altar was on th < second knoll with- in tho Haram enclosure, and if the cross were, placed in tho centre of tho skull hill, tho whole " City, and even tho Monnt of Olives, - would bo '.' embraced by thoao stretched out arms.' ' "All ' tho day long I havo stretched forth my hands on- i to a disobedient and gainsaying pcop'e" (Bomano x. 21, from Isaiah lxv. 2), Here, also, after that time, at tho skull hill, closo to tho slaughter , house of Jorusalcm, wore the head quarters of ' TituB. I think that Titos put bis tent under tho brow of the hill, so as to be under cover. Long before, in tho eive, Jeremiah had writtoa his Lamentations. There Christ suffered without ' the gate. When wo look from thenco at the two hills— tho east hill and tho west hill— we see that now tho west hill is busier than ever. The east hill is almost a field. Corn is grown within tho wails of the city, in patchos all along and amidst tho portion of the modorn city north of tha Haram. The remainder of the descriptive matter would no doubt be interesting if its meaning ' ;oq irero clear ; but this Sb far from being the case- There 2s a want of coherence— of connected- ll&s;—wMch raises a feeling in the mind of thq. wider that ho has lost' his way, without e means of finding it. The author's own percep- tkmia -vivid enough, and ho would no doubt- ho-bsi excellent guido on the spot, but ho fails K-his word' pointing, Ond his readers aro. sot to bo blamed if thoy become listless and inSfferont to what they find hard to understand. The . references to Scripture Remove aU difficulties in the author's mind, bit' the average reader will find them occa sionally perplexing. "We have quoted the first of his topographical notes as a sample of liis best style, and shall now present their conolu don in justification. of onr subsequent re- iriidsesl 4—7, it is Vemarkable that JudafitsUcs Bozik, and after this it is said ifial ho'trtight Adonibozek 'to Jenisalom : so.it Wild scorn that Bezck was Jorusah m-that is, . xjid' east hill, which Judah took, kiliod its king, . --ezid loit desolate. I could refer also to Judges six. xx., but X pass on. Next como Jonathan s Provocation of tho Philistines and tho ronowai of thikingdom at Silgal. After it (I. Samuel xiii. 15) SamueI aroso and wont up from Gilgal to Gibeah of Benjamin. At Gibeah Saul numbered tho people— about 000 men — and tho expulsion of tho Philistines from the western hills was the first stop towards tho ro-conquost of Jehus, which David completed. Tho general impression from theao and other passages is that tho Gibeah of Benjamin and the Gibeah of Saul aro tho name place, and that this is this west hill of Jeru salem, the place whence Saul wont out and to which he returned (I Sam. xxii. 0). I hope I have made it clear tuat the right apprehension of tho boundaries for Judah and Benjamin, as givon in Josbua xv. and xviii., turns on whether wo put' En-sbomcsh at Ain Haud to the east of tho temple, or at Ehurbet cs Soma (Both Samys), to th'e norlh of the teuipio. This is tire point. If the queition of boundary is sctt'.cd the others fall in in sequenco. ' The greater portion of General Gordon's book Is filled with his religious reflections, and these are of course sacred from our criticism. We consider ourselves justified, however, in quot- ing eo much of them as afford an insight into the workings of his mind. He commences witli what seems to he a prayer for inspiration, but he nowhere advances any claim to be regarded as- speaking with divine authority. This ,is hisprayer: — ; Almighty Father, who knowest the secrets of \- aU -hearts, vouchsafe to reveal Thyself unto us in these pages, so far as they aro in accordance with Thy Wordj for tho sake of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, who liveth and rcigneth with Thco and tho Holy Ghost, One God, world without end. -Amen. He BeemB to be possessed with the .idea that the first three chaptersof Genesis contain the key to the whole scheme of God's dealings with man, and this is how he sets himself to work cat the problem : — Possible Analoov between the First Three / Dais op Creation and oue own Lives. God creates the world from chaos. Satan de feats his purpose twice by Alan, at tho Fall and at the Flood. God effects His purpose by Alan ths third time. Tlins, as it is with respect to the world, so it is with tho church ; it is in bondage in Egypt, and in captivity in Babylon ; it is in captivity to Satan, when, by tho Man, God delivers it for ever. Wo see tho constant repetition of tho days of creation in our own lives. -We see a distinct scheme continually re peated to this great end. Scripture no longer presents a series of events which aro disjointed and unconnected, bat v, o see ovents intimately connected with tho church collectively, with the world , historically, and with man indi vidually. .This to mo is a great boon, for naturally we aro apt to take the Scriptures in their 'general form to bo picked at, and as de scribing events which are not interwoven with duo another. I have only drawn up tho ropoti- tions to the end of -the old testament, taking Pentecost and tho Second Coming from tho New Testament, bnt the repetitions ocour in ihe lifo of, our Lord and in tho history of tho Church nnd . tbo world from Anno Domini to a.d. 2000. Of this 1 have no doubt ; and if we Btndicd well by God the Holy Ghost the events of each repeti tion in the Old Testament, we would bo shown by .tho same Spirit the things to come. The series of events, the repetitions, are thug : — :1; A state of chaos or scattering— Good mixed up with, and captive to, ovil ; light mixed up with, and captive to; darkness. (12. A state of-!ight — Good end evil mado mani fest j light and darkness mado manifest, .,3. A.division— Light soparated from darkness, good separated from evil. . .4. A gathering — Good gathered,, ovil de stroyed : light gathircd, darkness destroyed. . / unless this series of events is understood, tho remarks which follow aro incomprehensible. Tho alphabet to study is tho creation in Gon. i. 1-20. Tho earth being surrounded by darkness andswaddlod Ivy tho deep, tho series of events aro ropeated. The scries 1, 2, 3, 4, toll tho great end, when darkness, or evil, finally disappears — the great gathering, in the typical.: series of events, up . to the final gathering. No. 1, which follows No, 4 in the repetitions, does not become. chaos .'again, but is more properly a scattering of the good among the ovil, of light among d,rkncs3. Tho repetitions are like a series of attempts to arrive at a definite point, which aro repeated and repeated till that definite point is leached. They are a -continual sifting out, of winnowing good Horn-evil; light from darkness, till the good or light is free, from ovil or darkuo3s... Evil or/dark ness cannot be destroyod till aU good or light is winnowed ont of it, for if this is pot dour, and if judgment fell on the darkness or evil, ' some light or good, would bo do- stroyed with the darkness or ovil.' 'In tho' world historically, the scattering ot'light ra the darkness, of good in evil, nftcrra tempo rary gathering together of light or good, is an ia- vasion of tho kingdom of evil or darkness, and a winnowing of any good for light that may be in evil. of darkness :.eo that, however painful it is fog good or light to bo thus scattered ; again ampng darkness, or evil, it is an eventual giiinor by such, scattering, white, darkness or. evil, though for tho moment victorious, is eventually a loser by this, invasion. In man individually, we cah so-i this in ourselves. Take an example such ' as ' when wo havo no changes;, wo are settled on our lees; wo are " prosperous, but evil is in us ; wo aio in - London, whore no call! for solf-deniai -directly affects us ; all of d sudden we commit somo most unmistakable act of selfishness, and wo are heartbroken, and all oar sqlf-conGilcnco gono ; wo aro scattered. Evil- has distinctly, manifested itsolf. Light has come, Btowing us. ourselves. We have our attention directed to our selfishness. We make an effort, and separate ourselves from it. A division takes piaco in us, and wo aro ho longer selfish In that form ; and wo are gathered together nud 1 regain our confidence in onrselves. Wo settle again on our iocs ; we have'no changes ; wo fall into some foorfuliy spiteful ways, are scattered. Those ways are manifested. Wo see them and' are miserable. Light comes ; wo aeparatjwv thrao spiteful ways. Division comes ; and ourselves togolh-r, being no longer-jj/n and bo settlo again on our ices, to (latent in scattered under somo otter !onf0 sco it, to divido us, which must bo dcstra"gainl and avoid it ; from it, together togeJJJj Dandso on till the to sotllo again on <g 3 tjj0 history of every final gathering. J d . wfirk o£ mat, of the nation, of .he church, of every membW of the church, the threshing floor. General Gordon has somo very decided views respecting baptism and communion. He connects tho former with tho creation and tho latter with tho eating of tho forbidden fruit. Tho earth before tho creation was dead ; the carnal man before baptism is dead. Ho rejects tho idea that the water in baptism is typical of cleansing from sin. His view is that, a3 tho earth was once covered with water and dead, so baptism covers man figuratively with water, to denote Ills death, to state pub licly that ho acknowledges death as his due, and, as tho earth emerges in its new creation, bo man comes forth from baptism a new crea ture, afld he can then feed on the tree of life in the Holy Communion. There -is danger, however, in attempting to epitomise tho views of such an original inquirer, for we find him presently speaking in terms which aro hardly consistent with what ho lias previously said. He qualifies his first statement in this way : — " I do not say that baptism as a rite does raise a man from death, any more than I would say that tho Holy Communion is - eternal, lifo giving, hut to a believer baptism is resurrec tion from death, and tho Holy Communion is eternal, lifo giving. Baptism does not make a man a Christian. Ho who is not n Christian before is not mado a Christian by that rite, see Romans iv., 10-11, where it speaks of cir cumcision as being the seal of Abraham's being already in covenant." This may bo clear to somo readers, wliilo others may think that it requires' a little unravelling. The expression, "God dwelling in us," which appenrs in Gordon's letter from Khartoum, is very fully dealt with in his book, and wo shall now quoto somo passages hearing on, among other things, this point : — Wo live when oar bodies porform thoir func tions ; wp die when thoy ceaso to perform their functions. Each of us is endowed at birth with a body which is enpabio of passing through a scries of changes ; wh?n these changes or develop ments cease, or aro gone through, we die. Those changes or developments aro over going on in us, evon as tho sand runs from an hour glass, and aro one continuous disintegration, oxidisa-. tinn, anil burning of tho constituent parts of the body— their death, in fact. This death of tho con- stitnout parts of the body, perpetually taking place in all parts of tho body, ko-pa up tho lifo of tho body till a time comes when those deaths no longer possess a rccuporativo power, and lifo becomes oxtinct, the sand bas run out. Up to a cortain time theso deaths give lifo to other con stituents parts : when they cease to do so, we die. Our body tborofore is continually " dying, till fee die." Tho deaths aro cauBed by oxygon, which wo obtain by breathing. When man was first Bhapcd, his organs were all complete, but lifo- less ; when God breathed into his nostrils, ho lived. Had he continued in union with God, wo may suppose he would havo lived for over, that tho breath of his life would havo been sustained, but when ho fo'l and broko his union with God, dying ho dies, for then tho time comes that his body iosc3 the entiro effect of God's breath. His life, in ono case, was an hour-glass with an in finite quantity of sand, in the other, as an honr- glass with a fixed modicum of sand. . Traly that view of tho Holy Ghost as tho breath of God is very wonderful ; it startles at first, I own, but when tho Scripture is considered, it supports tho vie. God tho Father, God tho Son, Gcd tho Holy Ghost ; thrco persons in ono God, co-equal, | co-c'ernal. Bead the Atbanasian Creed. God j the Father, neither created nor begotten ; God i the Son, of tho Father alone, not made nor created, but begotten; God the Holy Ghost, of ! tho Father and oi tho Son, neither made, nor j created, nor begotten, but proceeding. From Christ's side proceeded forth blood and water, tho Sacraments of His Church. Considering what. I bare said about the very great work of the Holy Gbost, it is wonderful that, when at the end, God I theFathor is seen, thoLamb is seen, and tho Lamh'n Bride is seen. Where is the Holy Ghost, who purifies, sanctifios, nnd is the Life of the Bride ? It is by Him (the Holy Ghost) the Lamb's llride is one with the l.amb. This unity js her solo life. I feci now quito satisfied ahoot this matt' r, end I account for the same not being seen by others (i.e. not being shown to them by tho Holy Gbost), by peoplo not reading the Scriptnrcs. There is the root of all ignorance. It is quits impossible for man to know God but by the Holy Ghost's tuition, by His own written Word, which He, tho Holy Ghost, wroto Himself, though Ho spoito through the lips of tho prophets. Let ns consi der this question again. It is accoptod by us that God the Son took man's nature, and is man (infinitely great is that condescension, yotnedid so, and also condescended in suffering for our foul offences). What God tho Son did is not deroga tory to God tho Holy Gh-st to do. And we havo the Scripturo to say He live3 in onr bod'es. " ICnow ye not that your body is tho Tompic of tho Ho'y Ghost?" Christ, God tho Son, assumed human nature to Himself, not for a time, bnt for eternity, never to be pat off. Ho is the God- man for over and ever, Hechangotb not. Tho Holy Ghost dwells in each member of Christ, in each individual of tho Church. We havo that clear promise, for no ono would boa member of Christ, or. an individual of tho church, if the causo of that union was absent — i.e., God the Holy Ghost. Wo cannot beliovo that tho IToly Ghost can wil lingly lcavo the members of Christ'b body, or tho individual of tho church, for His leaving implies a cessation of the union between them una Christ, Ho being tho cause of that nnion. So wo may safely concindo that tho Holy Ghost wills todwcll in the members of Christ, consequently the Holy Glost is— daro we say it? — incarnated in each momhir of Christ, each individual of thochurcb. End thus we see that in Tho Revelation there is God the Father ; God tho Son, incarnated in Christ Jesus ; and God the . Holy Ghost, incar nated in the Bride of Christ Jesus. ; Six-sevenths of tho book aro filled with kin dred speculations, and wo havo referred to thou sufficiently to onablo us to look into the workings of the hero's mind, Thoy call for no other notice at our hands. Tho book closes with character sketches of Abraham, tho Ziphitea, and David. The. last has the merit of brevity, and it will servo as another ox- ample of the author's incohoront and incon clusive Btyle. David's character is ono of no deceit, except abont (1) tho Philistines, and (2). Uriah; but even in those cases— I say, even in his deceit — ho relied en God, David had an imperfect Anowledgo. David did not like tho Philistines In this bo was right ; nnd ha wanted to destroy thorn. ; If wo knew well tho outline of Biblo history, wo could soon fill it out, by tho help of the Spirit of Love. So ends tho book. IVo havo only to add our regret that General Gordon's friends did not soo tho propriety of withholding its publi cation until after bis return from his hazardous mission. Thoy say that ho is not fully respon- siblo for it. Who, then, is? In periling it no one can ever be quito sure whother ho is communing with' General Gordon or with those who havo had a share in editing the pro duction. 