THE MAY MAGAZINES. The Contemporary opens with nn article by Mr. Herbert Spencer on Tho Sins of Legis lators, by which he means not the acts gene rated by their personal ambitions or Class in terests, but those which follow from a lack of the study by which they are morally bound to prepare themselves. Certainly there is a for- uiiviuuiu wu t»jt ul itvvbo all ul ji.ibbj icio lotion on the part of the Imperinl Parliament. The number of public acts repealed wholly or partly, or amended, during the three years 1S70-71-72 was 3532, of which 2759 Were totally repealed ; while in tho last three ses sions there have been totally repealed, separ ately or in groupB, 650 acts belonging to the present reign, besides many of preceding reigns. Seeing that bad legislation means in jury to men's lives, Mr. Spencer asks what must he the total amount of mental distress,, phvsical pain, and raised mortality which these thousands of repe'aled acts of Parliament represent ? He points to many law-produced mischiefs in connection with artisan dwellings ; and he complains that when men who are of no account in their boroughs and counties once assemble at West minster tbey are regarded as little less than God-inspired geniuses, whoso wisdom and power can compass anything, though they have hnd none of that training for their business which is insisted on in the less responsible position of an apothecary. Some of the views of the anarchists are stated by Elisée Réclus, who says their ideal is that of eternal fraternal equity for all. " We are weary," it is added, "of these inequalities which make us the enemies of each other ; we would put an end to the furies which are ever bringing men into hostile collision, and all of which arise from the bondage of the weak to the strong, under the form of slavery, serfage, and service. After so much hatred we long to love each other, and for this reason are we enemies of private property and despisers of the law." Mr. Jas. Stephens, formerly head centre of tho defunct Fenian organisation, who has been silent for along time, undertakes to enlighten tile pnblie on tho effocts of the new Franchise Bill in Ireland. He says the Irish people are sangnine that the party at present represent ing them ih the Lower Chamber will be sen- Bibly augmented under tlie new arrangement, nnd that after the next general election, tho to-called Parnellites, Who now form but a minority of the Irish members, will return some seventy-five strong to the House to dictnto a treaty of peace to tho Cabinet of the day. He has no such confidence himself, but lie believes that the bill, if it becomes law, will have the effect Of sensibly increasing the revolutionary vote in Ireland. Ab to tho future of the Pnrnell party, he is of opinion tiiat its leader must oitlier go with tho tide, or retire altogethor from public life. Finally lie sees ns the .results of the bill, Which will return a number of extremists, but one stale of things: "England must make up her mind to rule Ireland as a .conquered province in a ohronic state of siege. Ireland must be disfranchised and governed direotly from Dublin Castle and Downing-streot until either that Government be overthrown by tlio force of Irish arms, or the Irish people will give up tlie hopes and dreams of centuries, and accept for evermore the rule of Brition in tho land of their forefathers," The Right Hon. G-. Shaw- Lefovre dissents from proportional representa tion. He complains that the system would re sult in weakening the position of the execu tive, in making -it more difficult, if not impos sible, to the nation to carry out its will ; that it would in practice, even in its more complete methods, give unduo weight and prominence to groups and cliques of opinion not yet ripe for dealing with in Parliament ; that it would re sult in tho return of mombora specially repre senting in greater proportions than now crot chets and immature opinions, and tho in- terests of classes without refrence to national questions ; that it would therefore inculcate among electors the moral that the interests of classes are to be preferred to these of the na tion ; that it would further complicate all the machinery of elections, and would most pro bably result in compelling a resort to the most rigid and exaoting rule of party organisation, with the object of defeating the artificial pre cautions against majorities, and as the only means of carrying out the decisions of the country. Least of ail, he thinks, could sbch schemes be relied on for defeating the objects of democracy. The Rev. Corapton Keade contributes an impartially Written sketch of Charles Reade, the novelist and drama' ist ; Mr. R. H. Hutton furnishes a laudatory notice of Cardinal Newman : some neglected facts of history are brought into prominence by Professor Freeman ; Archdeacon Farrar has a paper on the teaching of the Apostles ; and Dr. J. Milner Fothergill, discoursing on the logic of pain, shows that pain often performs an important function in directing attention to overworked portions of the human frame and enforcing the remedy of rest. The series of articles on the radical pro gramme are continued in the Fortnightly, the present one taking religious equality for its text. The writer is emphatically of opinion that if the legislature cannot, will not and ought not itself to settle tiie disputes of the church, and If it caunot, will not and ought not to leave one section of the church to settle them for itself at tho expense of another, so long as it is a church by law established, then it is clear that only one course is left — viz., to expose the distracted community to the pacify- ingnndfortifyinginfluenceof complcto spiritual freedom. The Rev. Malcolm MacColl, who has recently returned to Eugland from a visit to Russia twenty years after a sojourn of some du ration there, strongly approves of an English alliance with that country, and depreoates the distrust so often expressed hy British leaders of public opinion of Russia's Central Asian policy. Mr. F. W. II, Myers's personal recol lections of the late Duke of Albany confirm, on authority, a statement which has previously been mado from otiier sources, that the duke I desired a sphere of activity of a more definite kind than that to which ho was limited. It seems that it was a bitter disappointment to him that he was not permitted to succeed Lord Lome ih Canada, He still hoped some day to fill what seemed a less fatiguing posi tion of the saihe kind in Australia, as he had a desire for serious and regular work, as well as a deep interest in the process of ex pansion of the empire. The prince, it is narrated, had the faculty of attaching to him self friends of mature years. Eotil Mr. Glad stone and Mr. Disraeli took pleasure in con versing witli him, and Mr. Ruskin was a cloSe friend. The progress of the system of public education in England is reviewed by Earl do la Warr, who finds fault with some of the later phases — notably the rejection of moral and religious teaching from the bonrl schools. He also complains that the curriculum is too high, and the strain of the work too great, while injustice is done to the tax -payers who have to support "elementary schools," in which children of the well-to-do classes recoivo educa tions calculated to fit them for any profession. An interesting rSstuni of the history of bal looning nnd its possibilities is given hy Colonel Fred. Burnnby, who is nn aeronaut of established reputation. The Colonel, who successfully crossed the channel In a balloon some three yeara ago, has arrived at tho con clusion that the solution of the problem how to navigate the air will bo found iii the coh- struction of a machine which, itself heavier than the atmosnhere, will ho able tb strike a blow on the air in excess of its own weight, and he thinks that electricity may some day be available for the purpose. Inventors are counselled never to forget that a bird is heavier than the air, and that the bird flies because its strength enables it to overcome the difference between its weight and that of the atmosphere it displaces. In a word, aerial navigation is a mere question of lightness and force. An article on Tho Lords and the Re form Bill, by a Manchester Conservative, takes the view that the Lords will not be consulting their own interest or those of the Conservative party if they throw out the bill. The effect of the measure, the writer argues, will be favorable to Conservatism of the new type — the popular Conservatism, that is, which Lord Beacons- field always advocated, his reliance on which was expressed in the Reform Bill of 1867, "and which is the only variety of Tory senti- ment whose triumph is worth witnessing." Tho Nineteenth Century has an article on Australia and the Imperial Connection, by Sir Henry Parkes, late Colonial Secretary of New South Wales, who maintains that the only link of the Imperial connection, that of the governorship, is not strong enough to last. He urges that as the colonies increase in enter prise, in prosperity and in sense of power, the want of a more congenial bond of union will be more and more strongly felt, and that fede ration alone will not meet this want. He suggests that, concurrently with federation, in which England herself should take.the lead, a coun cil of Australia should be created, to sit in London, whose functions should embrace the transaction of all political business between the English Administrations on the other side of the globe nnd the Imperial Government in England. This council would be of the nature of the British Cabinet itself. Sir Henry would have the members of tho two Houses of Par liament in each colony meet together, for the purpose of electing a member of the Imperial Counoil, their power of election being limited to one, but their choice extending over all tlie colonies, as the interests of ail the colonies would bo represented in tlie council. A paper by Mr. C. B. Norman, on The Colonics of France, shows very conclusively that the French are failures as colonisers. The popu lation of the French colonies of to day numbers 5,500,000, with a garrison of 121,000 men. Tiie home Government spends 114,000,000 per annum on them, while Frenchmen refuse to emigrate nnd sys tematically shnn their colonies, Mr. C, E. Stern sketches tho career of the Malidi, who, ho says, has taken to himself many wives of the daughters of influential shciklis, divorcing and remurrying them as occasion requires to keep within tlie Mohnmmednu law, which only allows four wives nt a time. The prophet has asserted that it will take forty years to establish his kingdom, and lie has, therefore, still thirty-eight years before him in which to carry out Ids designs. To those who perish in his cause ho has promised an immediate entrance into Paradise — a fact which, doubtless, accounts for tlie wonderful courage and valor displayed by tho Arabs during their recent engagements with tlie English in tlio Soudan, and also for their ntter disregard of death. Mr. Wilfrid S. Blunt, who holds decided views ne to the superiority of the pure Arab horse over the various breeds which stock tlio hunt- ing fields and raoecourses of England, discusses tho chances of n weight for ago race which has been arranged to be run at Newmarket on tho 2nd of July next by liorses of pure Arabian blood. There are numerous entries for the event, and Mr. Blnnt hopes to bco his theories confirmed, though " the talent" are against him. Those who take an interest in psychological phenomena will find abundant matter for reflection in tlie paper by Mes-I's. E. Gurney and F. W. H. Myers on Appa- ritions. These gentlemen hold fast to their fundamental doctrine of thought transference and seek the origin or ghost phenomena, " not in transcendental physics, but in human psychology." Under thotitleof " An Australian Novelist," Mr. A. P., Martin contributes to Temple Bar a full and fairly written skctoh of the career of Marcus Clarke, tho brilliant litterateur who, for some eight years preceding his death, belonged to the literary staffs of 'The Age and Leader. It is mentioned that the deceased writer's father was a London barrister, and his mother, who died in his infanoy, was an actress of great per sonal attractions. Clarke originally came to Australia before his school days were well over to recruit his health, which had suffered by a fall from his horse, which it was feared had in jured his brain. It is curious that in 1868, soon after he became a Melbourne journalist, he should have suffered concussion of the brain from a second serious fall while out riding with the late Walter Montgomery. Referring to the unpopularity in certain quarters of the author of His Natural Life, the biographer says: — " Clarke possessed the knack beyond all local writers of wounding the not too tender sensi- bilities of that class of colonial wealthy men who, having themselves sprung from the ranks, are perhaps too anxious to keep others from doing likewise, and who, having acquired their fortunes by the exercise of grinding self denial or by some stroke of luck, are too often lacking in that personal generosity and in those amenities of behaviour which may reconcile us to an hereditary aristocracy. Not content with the enormous local circulation given to his witty diatribes against ' the wealthy lower orders ' in the columns of The Age, ho must needs harry them in the London Daily Telegraph, of which journal he was for a while the Mel bourne correspondent." A paper in the Atlantic Monthly, by Mr. : Richd. Grant White, entitled The Anatomis- : ing of William Shakspeare, is worthy the : attention of our local Sliakspeare society. Tlie > writer remarks that more inflated nonsense, more pompous platitude, more misleading 1 speculation, has been uttered npon Shakspeare ' and his plays than upon any other subject bub rnusio and religion. Chief among these ab- : surdities is tho discovery in bis dramatic ; works of moral plan and purpose, of 1 au intention to teach, of a systematic . Betting forth ,of a philosophy of life, tho dis- 1 covery of a central informing thought in ids dramas, of a conscious or unconscious revela- \- lion of an inner life ; the regarding liiin as a ; great sage, .prophet, rates, inspired and Bent upon tlie world to teach tho dwellers on it the solution of the sad mystery of life. Mr. Grant White also insists that with very few. excep- tions the quality of the characters cf Shakt speare's personages, involving all thoir distinc tive moral traits, was marked out for him in tho plots he borrowed ; and although this was done in a cold, rnde, lifeless way, it neverthe less necessarily precludes the possibility that his character painting bad in it any ethical purpose, even unconscious. Tho most readable chapter in the Carnhlll is the one devoted to Mr. J as. Payne's Literary Recollections, which relate this month to his lifo in Edinburgh, 25 years ngo, in connection with Chambers's Journal. There is a caustio sketch of William Chntnbers, who is described ns being entirely different from, nnd at all points inferior to, his brother Robert, tho author of Vesti;es of Creation. William un consciously oat to Dickens for his portrait of Bouuderby in Hard Times, Ho was always talking of the poverty of his youth, and hinting — very broadly — at the genins which had raised him to eminence. He used to give lectures describing the miseries of a poor lad, who had had to " thole" (toil) for his liveli hood, and had afterwards, by diligence and merit, made a great figure in the world ; and the peroration — for which everybody was quite prepared (i.e., with their handkerchiefs, not nt their eyes, but stuffed in their mouths) — used to be always " I was that Boy." All this was hateTul to Robert, and gnvo him extreme annoyance. Some droll stories are attributed to Alexander lins-ell, tlie able editor of tho Scotsman, of which the following is au ex ample " In Sutherlnndshife nnd some other northern counties of Scotland tho church was at that time ruled by certain elders of a Puritanic sort, but who hnd also nn eye to the main chance, A young man in whom they were interested came down to practise the law in Edinburgh, aud after a month or two one of tho elders followed him, and inquired of Russell how their young friend S. was getting on. ' I think,' ho eaid, ' lie will succeed, fur ho is a truly niorai man,' ' He's well enough,' returned Russeil, rather contemptuously , ' but as for his morality I am not aware, though ho does come from your part of the country, that he is more moral than other people,' ' Hoot, man,' was the unexpected rejoinder ; 1 1 dinna mean drink and tho lasses, but gambling aud sic tilings as you lose money by.' " Tlie contents of Harper for this month are of a varied character, Tlie story told of the life and work of Dr. Schlieraann, the discoverer of Troy, discloses marvellous patience and endurance under disheartening circumstances. He was a man who struggled all his youth with adversity, and having won his fortune in middle life, devoted the larger part of it to tlie interests of science. At the age»of 8, when apprenticed to a grocer in Meeklenbnrg, and working from five in the morning to eleven at night, for a salary oi £9 per annum, he spent a farthing to reward with three glasees of whiBky a drunken miller, who could recite to him Homer in tlie Greek, whicli was then but a rhythmic sound to liis ear. After a time he mastered all tlio literary languages of Europe, and Ilia knowledge of Russian, which was rare in the house in Amsterdam which subsequently em ployed him in missions to St. Petersburg, paved tlie way to his fortune. At tlie ago of 40 he found himself with an income of £10,000 a year, and after vaBt travels through the habitable globo he determined to make discoveries in archmology. Few men have lived to see a more complete realisation of their dreams. Instead of herrings he has handled tlio gold and tiie jewels of forgot ten kings; instead of treating witli whisky tho drunken miller in tho purlieus of a German village, he inhabits a palace at Athens, where tlie (iite of society and of letters congregate about his hospitable table. He adds an nipbabet of honors to his name, and he has increased the wealth of nations by hia public gifts. Tho Century gives the place of honor to an illustrated account of the quaint old town of Salem, where Nathnnial Hawthorne was born, showing some of the local buildings aud ob jects mentioned in bis tales. Some good examples of recent American architecture are also shown in a series of drawings. An in teresting yachting cruise off the Bay of Islands, papers on trades unionism, British fertility, Ciiief Joseph (on exiled warrior iu the Indian territory), and some well written short stories, complete the number. 