Illusions. Whbk th« ej||fe deceive^nnd «j SMpftfhoH^ fa«iilisr«!xpr«feion implies that most : more jffikn to fhetr' it w5&*ayi3fti eyei'JlgViooked: indisputable, a oonviuriijKugnmi there are a few doubtmg Tho: aisled would add this toatimoB^of the ing jto. that o: W. before. admitting that a thing is aolhs The facts in the <*se tie «at any one ol eur lenses may mislead tie,-and will 4o so an-; less we unite caution with'ixperispde.' Ad sophists use logio to prove ft. false "true, ed the ventriloquist by the exeroUe of his art deceives the aar, and the sleight-of-hand per' foimer cheats your eye*. How is this pos sible? Certain rays of light coming from a distanl body eater the eye, and produce oertain eenj sationa upon the retina, which sensations lure reported to the brain through the ootid nerve. The brain interprets the signals by the aid of past experience, and we think we have seen the diBtant object. In faot, we have only received a message from it. If the telegraphic operator in Washington strikes his key twice, the New York operator writes down 0, but if he strikes it three times the latter writes dowri 8, unless he tails to hear the third tick, or thinks he has heard but two, when he is led into the mistake of writing O where he shonld write S. The signals, when oorreotly given! may be interpreted oorreotly or inoorreotly. So the signals correctly registered on the retina aud reported to the brain may be incorrectly translated and interpreted, thus resulting in an error, an illusion. Plaoe a man and a dog aide by side at a distance of 20 feet, and any person with an eye oapable of distinguishing them will be able to tell which is on the right, which on the left. The eye is not easily deceived as to position at right angles to the line of vision. Let the man advance five feet; it is easy tb tell that the dog is farther away than tbfe man. Next, place the man at a distanoe dt 100 feet, the dog at 105 feet; it is not ep easily decided as before, although mistakes are rare with a normal eve. But at 500 ana 600 feet, respectively, it is less easy, although we can still tell which is to the right and whioh to the left. The images formed on thb retina by the same objeet at different distances are very similar, differing bnly in size and distinctness, for this reason it iB difficult to judge of distances, requiring much practice. A peraon standing on a straight strip of railro&d; is rarely able to tell whether a distant train-is approaching, or reoeding, or at rest, bo slight is the change in apparent size from which the distance is to be estimated. Upon the sea it is very difficult, without long praetioe, to judge of distances. As a curious instance of inability to judge of distances, and henoe of the direction of horizontal potion, may be mentioned that of the governor of a steam engine. At a certain distance (say 80 feet) tne eye will seem to see the balls turning in a certain direction, but on next looking at them this motion Beams, to have changed to the reverb, and after Several alternations the mind becomes perplexed, and finally is able to «ee them turning either #ay. An outline drawing of a cube may be made to Jook like the interior or exterior at will at a ^considerable distanoe: the real cube can be made to do the same. Shading, perspective, <fco., are resorted to by the artist to give the idea of distance. In the matter of direction deception is not so easy as in distance. Oar experience tells us that if a person hitsns in the back with a ball he is probably behind, not in front Of UB. The object seen lies in the same direction as that from whioh the light comes when it enters the eye. If by any means the direction of the ray has bran changed between the time when it left the objeet and the time when it reached the eye, this rule is violated, and deception resnlts. When this ohanga is effeoted by the reflection it is attended with more or less loss of light, sometimes with distortion, and a little experience leads me one to suspect a reflecting surface. If the mirror is very perfect, the most careful person is iable to be misled. The well-known " ghost" U due to the reflection of a strongly lighted figure from a plate of nneilvered glass. Many of the beet tricks, with floating heads and the ike, are arranged with mirrors; No illusions re more perfect than those produced with irrors. Befraction always changes the apparent lace of an object, so that we seem to see he eun after it has gone below the horizon. more striking tnt less frequentphenomenon f refraction is that known as-.mirage. Reraction also afieots the color of an object. The media through whioh light passes has ore or less effect upon the ray. In a fog bjects are dimly seen, the effect resembling hat due to distance, hence objects look arger, for the eye judges of the size of an bject by multiplying the size of the image or mpression received by the equare of the disance, while the latter is estimated from tbe ndistinotness of the object. In the fog the pparent distance is increased, but the eye nterprets it as due to the opposite cause. On looking at tbe photograph of a tiee, a hurch, a monument, or a pyramid, it is not ossible to form a correct Uea of its size uness a man or apimal is seen in the same iew with which to compare it. In nature, specially on land, the intervening objects hat lead np to it give the -data on which to alculate the distanoe. Where none interene, as in looking from peak to peak, the ye must depend on distinctness, and where he air is very clear and transparent, as in olorado, distances seem Ibsb than they are. If the object is seen through transparent, ut colored, media, the form remains true, ut the colors are ohanged. On looking directly at the loop or curve of n incandescent lamp it is frequently difficult o distinguish its form, the whole loop being adiant and dazzling, while its reflection is so aoh less brilliant that the form of the oar on is easily discovered. A wire or bar of ron looks much larger when red hot than hen cold for the same reason, and a fire t night seems nearer, owing to its brightess, than in the day. No better proof is needed of the fact that the eye does not and cannot measure distance, bat only gives more or less imperfect data from which the mind calculates the distanoe, than the child's efforts to grasp the moon, and of the dog that bays at that distant luminal? which looks so near; nor oan auy of ob, with our naked eye, estimate the relative distanoes of tbe sun and stars. The shape and color of an object are fall that the «ye alone oan report with tolerable acooracy, l>nt by experience we learn to distinguish the texture of substanoe, the natnre f services, and many other things that belong ore properly to the sense of tbuoh. • We istinguish satin from velvet and wool from cotton at a glanoe. The painter's art largely consists in deceiving the eye; in so. mixing And blending his pigments that they produce the same impression as stone., and.wood; earth sod trees,-or flesh and blood srould tflo, and the greater his skill, the more perfect the deception. The imitation is rarely so perfect ss to deceive the experienced, and yet the pleasure derived from this imitation eioecds Shat given by the reality, just as inisery and and Buffering, when well depicted on the stage, give pleaeore, but the sight of (he reality gives pain. In many .things the mind enjoys ,hsin^Jfi... oeived, and optisal.ilismnxns 1^ .us pleasure, so mooh so that those .who are oapable of completely deceiving this tbe acutest of bur senses get well paid for exercising their talents. H. 