ECHOES OF MELBOURNE [By The Ghost.J The poet tells us that ' Spring would be but sorry weather if we had nothing else but spring.' Unalloyed- bliss is apt to breed satiety, and tho dull monotony of a dead' calm is known to all who have ex perienced its long drawn out weariness. And just at present the sometimes troubled Hfin, of -Dolitics is unruffled by even tho faintest zephyr. The Houses will not meet for at least six months, and even then will be somewhat in the plight of the 'poor man from Manchester, who has no work to do.' The business of the country is now left entirely to tho management of the per manent heads of tho_ various departments, Ministers dropping into their offices for an hour or two during the week to sign docu ments requiring their autograph, and hold ing an Executive and Cabinet Council occas ionally, just to let tho public know that 'Her Majesty's Government' is not a myth, and perhaps to reconcile it to their conscience— if indeed politicians have any ? that they are not obtaining their salaries under false pretences. There are, as a matter of course, a lot of people who think and say that it would perhaps be as well if Ministers would devote a por tion of the time, which for lack of employ ment must nang neaviiy uu uu»c mmuo, to thoroughly preparing the measures it is intended to submit to Parliament during the next session, instead of flinging them in a state of unpreparedness at the heads of honourable members, as is the present custom with governments . ; And -there are discontented grumblers who aver that the present is a'.. favourable .opportunity for letting the countryknow the ^substitute' for abolished tolls/which one of the present Ministers boasted he could provido in twenty-four hours j , but, which, strangely enough, in tho face of this assertion has, after an interval of nearly twice, twenty four months, not yet beon provided. But these growlers aro on a par with those who cry out for a Mining on Private Property Bill, wherewith to enliven the. staple in dustry of the colony, now in a some what drooping condition ; and boing in a- minority, composed of the 'outs.' and those who follow the flag of the Opposition, aro, in the eyes of Mr. Service and his colleagues, of compara tively small account. And then, did not the Premier on assuming office jlistinctly announce that he intonded . carefully to avoid touching 'burning' questions? Controversial' discussions are 'not in his line,' and tlio. Coalition Ministry have evidently adopted'the motto of 'peaco at any price.' ? . , - This actuating motive is plainly, appar ent in tho selection of the gentlqmdn who are to fill the ^positions of Commissioners under the Civil Service and Railways Man agement Bills. At length the choice of the Government has been made. And if there is not much to say against the appoint-; ments, there is quite as little to say m their favour. They all belong in a greater cr loss degree — with the sole exception ,of Mr. Ford— to the old school' of officials. They,; have become fossilized in the** service, and are- of the genus and family of the Tite. , Barnaole. The feeling, of the pu,blic on the names Jcjf the selected becoming 'known was one of disappointment. ' The hope . was generally entertained that some 'hew, blood', would have been infused into.. the .effete system of present officialdom, and that hope has been dispelled. Fig3 do not grow on thorns one whit more now than in tho olden 'days : and that any . improvement o.n a.system in perpetuating which the ^majority of .'the Commissioners have jgrown'grey, will follow their appointment; is. ;'inore than, im probable. .' '.'' .','' .'. '.':,''?' '. i'l':, '.,'.';?.;?' I Mr. Kerford is- well and has resumed the duties of his office, thus disappointing a number of aspirants for political fame,' and a host of attorneys-jgeneral expectant. The honourable gentleman has once more shown how true is the averment of%oth his, friends and' his enemies that one, never can teH which side he is about to. take until after the event. On the occasion ( of -his recent illness it was . supposed Mr. Kerford in tended crossing the. Styx and joining 'the great ? majority.'' ijaithful' to his 'repu-j tation, lie.- did- not 'do what was expected: Death has, however, claimed -a victim'iri Jardine Smith, who for .years has 'looked down upon parliament, irom nis vantage ground in the ? reporters' .gallery of the; Council and Assembly. '.Among his private' friends he was known r as ' a right good fellow,' and by ' pressmen generally as a prolific and versatile writer. Some of the most brilliant contributions to Punch are his, and he can also lay claim' to sbine of the most ponderous 'leaders' in the chief Melbourne morning journal. .. In the pride of his manhood he has been taken from our midst. To his articles the present cbaUtibn Government owes its existence/ and if, as alleged, ' ho killed ? Berryisni ' he .most assuredly has shown, himself a, true friend to Mr. Berry, ,whose'faults he has palliated and whose good points ho has brought pro; minently out. Regret, for his untimely decease will extend far beyond the limited oirclo of newspaper writers to whom he was best known. ? Of Jardirio! Smith it may with truth bo said, '' He .did the State good service in his day.' .,'.??'? ; ' Victoria has been visited by one. of the plagues' of Egypt— neither Baron de Lesseps nor El Mahdi, let mo hasten to say, but a real invasion of locusts or grass hoppers. So numerous was the army of the invaders that, if the engine-driver of tho Colac train is not drawing an exceedingly 1a~i» lirt-Mr +T,nTr ortf.nniiTr nn.nnnri -f.lift lnnnmn tive to «come to a standstill ! There are persons who express themselves as in credulous of the driver's story, and at tribute the stoppage to neglect in oiling tho machinery, or lack of steam, or tho occurrence of one of the multitudinous accidents to which engines are heir. Others again give implicit belief to the yarn. If there was, they say, a swarm of locusts in the days of Moses so great as virtually to constitute a plague, why, they ask, should not the inflictionbe repeated in bur own day p The event only serves, they aver, to con firm the truth of the Biblical narrative. But at all events the locusts are riot sent is for the same reason that they were let loose on the Egyptians. There is not any very universal desire in the community to submit to all sorts of discomforts in order to retain uno unoaoii ^uuyiu ? m uuj. midst. And this is especially the case just now when the abuses of the time-payment sys tem in vogue in regard to many of tho most disreputable haunts of tho Melbourne juenesse Horde are engaging attention, and the Hebrew fraternity are prominently before tho public as the guides, philoso phers, and friends of the frail fair ones of the Victorian capital. The glimpse behind the scenes of the manner in which the wages of shame are pocketed by ' respect able' f urniture dealing firms shows to what lengths some people will go in pur suit of money. The police have interfered — somewhat tardily it is true — but in re-; gard to our guardians of the peace, wo must be content, undor the present regime, to allow ? ' Better late than never' ia be their motto. About a year ago two officers of the Naval Reserve — Captain Fullarton and Lieuten ant Dennis — quarrelled about some trivial matter of discipline, the junior reporting his senior to the Commandant of the local forces.' Since then the disputants had agreed to bury the hatchet, and become friends. ', The .authorities would not, how ever, allow such an utter disregard of red tape as would have been shown by tho withdrawal of tho complaint, and insisted that Lieutenant Dennis .should. push tho matter to the bitter end, and have the affair investigated by a courtmartiol. And as if to cap this senseless proceeding and pile tho Poljon of ridicule on the Ossa of folly, nominated three civilians, Messrs. Ham, M.L.C. ; Balfour, M.L.C. : and Harper, M.L.A., as mombors of . the court. These throe ?gentlemen may 'be very good judgos .of ?.?tho value of pro perty, . Calcutta itea,i, or Patna rico, , but are a i littls out of : place as arbiters in -. questions, of military etiquette and drill., We are, it is true, at the antipodes,, but surely no one over heard of so topsy-turvy a. proceeding as appoint ing civilians as members of a court martial, when there are dozens, of officers in. the Bervice qualified for the. position. ; ; Can the three honourable gentlemen appreciate ithe boauty of thejinancBuvre.of 61oaing the ranks ; with .the men at tho '.'present?' Essen tially a trio of-,'^ men pf peace,' they ought not to be called upon, to docide.m squabbles 'between, 'men of ,war.' Perhaps there tis to be some mutual or. co-operative system in augurated under ,the auspices of 'Colonel' ,,Sargood, by which tho .civilian and theisol dier are to be merged in one , and complete reciprocity established. If so wo, -may Boon, ... ; expect ? to . see i Colonel f Disney, 'Major, Fellowes, ( and i,. the , rest ;q, of , the. ,imported militaryj.mon.employed.ias' , arbitrators between.^tlio Customs and^.the' soft ? goods importers; i ' or. , as :valuers. and average rstaters. It is a , wonder the, ab surdity of the position didjnot long since strike the three; estimable, gentlemen; who are investigating', the MFiillarton— Disney ,,row., ..;;;;?: ',.-:'? ?.,'? . .- .'?,-..,? .1' 1 There.is no change to report in the bill the Lyceum , may -now be added : to the list. The best patronised houses are the Opera,;. and the pretty. little Bijou, the at tendance at the Royal and .the Princess being 'jdeoidodly' on, the. -wane. .Toujours pantomimo is apt to, pall on. , tho taste, and four weeks of such;. stale; jokoa.and inane platitudes as. thqse,/in .'Aladdin' at, the Royal, are suroiy enough, for any community not composed, as Carlyle ijas it the.;wprld is, , of 'mostly fools.': T.l}e . sqoner .some thing, better; is placed on the boards^ithe greater will ;be the benefit conferred on the play-going public- . ...... , ,.i:,; ' 