lovelett. : A TERRIBLE LEGACY. .-' STOBY OF ENGLISHt AND AUBTRA LIAN LIFE. : GOSB08VENOBR BUNSTEE. -. 0on.a "JonR HonTou's WA~R;" "TE WAt or m Wont; " .. ABn BffDLou;" :a..on W9r Tar," &O;, to. -4-t CHAPTER IX. (conarmno.) :-~ ..• .-.' " E CODNFERDL~~ 5' PLOT. . Donme the royjgehome in the mail steamer, :.:i,: -? mo·nds developed a mew trait in his a'? atoter-e began to drink beavily. The p.s. ghing upon hi asoul, the tension of bistaind attn eihort Anstrellan careet, andihe fam bells! thai the blood of Fowler, in. adition to 'that of Sir Ralph Falkland, a:'- stained; his hands, had their efdect at last, eren upon his ocallons conslenne. Theatoreed "o."--::o:: .- non board the steamer maddened him, s.d hes oughtrelief in the eottle. A manof ." ib?dle- d pasus lons, the habit grew upon him . ' pidly, antilSit thoroghly mastered him: * ,~:'4 bl:' hetautlon~to he hd formerly p l~dispaedi ti ~ i e ersJbe utlon olbis ahemesbecame chang~ed ' TDog nDE, unresning, mbnomauial owaing o'lt J revenge on all bearing the name of Falk er his eturn to London, Edmonds took Sdodgigs in a street off the Strand; and set ,.%. - t'Oork to asUertain all he nould eonerningl ulkl diD :oing down to Devonshire on Sne:: onnoltering expedition, ha eherd, . o his gret surprise, that the oanog \- .. . .: .,,nt',niexe Australan ndis, the dated of ir tL:? k.?. ole depatuore enabled him ito ges \- a-.-? h?. itO e anse Heohnokled with rsavage ( ..-',g hz?befltec-le that tie hothe had ired 4\. . dmghbl t ein the Anstrelianbush had re ,, the onl WitOS5 of Sir: '~b~ecr · it ~:01 ,f;ada he pondered ovar PaLknd's iroitl mission, £ diaholisl idea entered his HeBse~atbetd in haIsonely ldgiogs when ,,,rsipj )ieldeklret~nsOmeinhiaiL Copious draughte ~·::~J~r I`~~,~a~l~h·aly sft~ood to stimulate his ·.?.:. 1- ?,ns. Th?gn; Iwlatndahe realied the -" ,. erse ' o sudden h idea, he langhed in a per. ane; o. i " " delight. Hal ha·. I~r'~ul heje d"brandy for 1Inprio ITAUb lri~l I~ zetornmao he mnst do sjarlbafisd and Mdinouet. And when hegoesi Devonshire, to seek a little consolation in the caresnes of his betrothed-hal hal--he will find her Iea41 Dead-and then he will visit her g ,a en Then I will watch him, and with a 'bullet through his brain end the annursed Ie ," ;. e scheme hiaoh was conceived in the de Uium of intoxioated frenay was matured . w . a.... - .he th orning brought sobriety. And 0- .. . 'thestrong will .f the man was manifest. '':. -. lOr+Wa with him at this time a passion. , - .'He suffered the tortures of the damned until :~ :".? -'"' he.)bad eatisfied his intense craving for the ? e,.' srya , Iaght. But his insatiable revenge was * '. ":.'*': ".e sWeter,.dearer passion; and ashepondered S over the matter, and realised the iast that a e. riooe mast be made one way or the other, e si p rapngefrom his bed, and swore-he, the S.'? ' ,blasphemous homioide, dared to appeal to his -. '." . .- k.er e to register his fiendish oath-that, so help hie God, no intozisating drink should S " his lips until the last of the Falklands .. " beome a thing of the past. And he kept his oath-so larks refraining fro. m Brink was conoerned. Bternly andreao lutely he denied himself the indulgence; .. ... : ough leepless nights, unstrnng nerves, and " - "" '. trembling limbs betokened the agony it cost : : Bhim. Bt at length Nature reasserted her S' rJ ' 4.-ay-ho had pined the istory. Then he e.. e . .t about the acomplishment of his fell pur. '. had asoertained that Colonel and Mrs. . otton had takln up their residence at Falk land Court during Sir Frederick's absence, in -.". "' .p"lrefarenoe to removing Bose to their own \- o':. 'o e.O As the former body servant of Sir .-" "°?-''; sRalph, Edwards had acquired a knowledge of S.' every window, passage, and apartment in the S mansion, and he exaulted at the thought of the deadly use to which that knowledge could e. turned. Admittance once gained, he re S' ted, he could easily discover where the . lIrerent inmates slept. One blow with a Sdagger, when th right apartment was e, and Falkland's happness would be * for ever wrecked. s Then he bethought him of a dealer in old Scriosities, living near .the Adelphi, in whose 'Window he had seen a long, keen Venetian stiletto, just the weapon he required. Ho went at once to the shop, and purchased the article. Beturning home to complete his ar rangemente, he jostled tgainst a man turn ig the corner ol Adam-street. An angry ex olamation was checked on sither side to an ejaculation of surprise as P4Amen recognised \- each other. "Edmonds I" " Johnson I" S" The very man I want," said Edmonds. "Come with me." He seized Johnson by the arm, and waBled rapidly towards his lodg fogs. Arrived there, he produced liquor and a. glas. "Drink," he said. " I cannot join you; I will explain why presently. What have you been doing since I left England? Your share of the plunder from Steel has not done you meuh good, judging from your present ap. pecrance." - .Trly, it had not. The five thousand (_ pounds, obtained by the ingenious ci-devant Baron, had vanished at the gaming-table and . . in debauchery; leaving its former possesor a bloted, zagged, desperate ruffian. :e" - ."--".o:, laonds listened to Johnson's tale with S t inard satisfation. At last he said Zi , , t, , earu m a tho(stnd pounds ? " D? o I?" replied Johnson. "Do I look Sit ?" I'd murder forty people to have e handling of that amoont once more." "You needn't murder anybody for it," re plied Edmonds-" that is, unless resistance is offered, and we have to fight for it. Listen tome. I have, as you know, plenty of money. I will give you a thoosand pounds if you will join me in one night's work. I will speak plainly. I am going down to Devonshire, to murder a girl.- She lives in a house of which I know every nook and cranny. My pur. pose is to enter at midnight, find her chamber, and stab her to the heart. No hand but mine shall strike that blow, or my vengeance would be robbed of half its sweetness. But I want you to stand by mes; and if any alarm is given, keep the alarmists at bay until the deed is done. Will you doit?" Johneon, with a frightful oath vowed to join him. " That is well," said Edmonds; "and now teo flx tle time. We will go down to Exeter to-morrow, and make all arrangements as we go. Of course we must be disguised. If things are favorable, we will hire a couple of fast saddle- horses, ride over to the Court, and accomplish our object. The horses can be left outside the house, in a place of conceal ment with which I am well acquainted. If all is right, we can be back at the station in timefor the last train to London. If there is a fight for it, and only one escapee, he muset make a dash for the horses, pistol one to avoid pursuit, and do his best on the other. If I am taken, and you escape, you will have the cheque beforehand. That you can cash and disappear before anything is known-I shall never peach. If the contrary happens to be the case, I rely upon you in the same manner for seresy. Now you. know the whole scheme. Stay, the girl I intend to kill is the betrothed of young FPalkland, to min whom you did that little business down in Yorkshire." A long conversation ensued between the two ruffians, in the course of which Johnson owned that he was both penniless and home less, a state of things his appearance aufI diently indicated. Edmonds took him to a dealer in slop clothes, and purchased for him self and Johnson suite of black and other clerical attire. Then they visited a hair dressers, and underwent a metamorphosis suitable to their new dress. "This is a rum start," said Johnson, with an oath and a load laugh, after they had re turned to Edmonds' lodgings and tried on their disguises. A couple of lambs, ain't we?" "It's wolf's work we're after," said Ed monds. "You may as well stay here to nht. I'll give dorer o supper, and yo will find the liquor in that cupboard. But don't take too much. Steady hands and strong nerves will be wanted to-morrow night I" G IAPT'ER X. THE PUnSUIT. The day before the meeting between Ed m?onds and Johnson, Mr. Bomeo GofBles sat before a bright ire in the Albany Ohambers, with an open book on his knees. The book was one of that romantic.individual's favro rite "blood-eordlers "-being indeed no less a work than "The Sydney Sealp Seekers "-a ficotion meoh admired in reading circles at home. It is treue that the author-evolving his ideas of Australia from the depths of his moral conseciousness, as the German did his description of a camel-had made the abori gines talk, think, and act preoiselylike Feni more Cooper's equally impossible Bed Indians. He had also piotaured Sydney as a stockaded frontier town, surrounded by dense forests, and painted, howling savages; had treated his rhaders to bison hunts on the Morray in summer time, and otherwise manifested his esupreme knowledge of the "filth quarter of the world." But it passed master with the g?llible British public, seeing that it bore the mint- mark of an eminent publishing firm in London. "Dreadhll creatures I" soliloquised Mr. Gofles, as he finished the last page with a sigh of regret. "Poor Sir Frederick-what he must be suffering among those savages I It's two nmails since a letter came-I hope his sealp doesn't decorate the wigwam of some Sydney warrior. Orperhaps he's fallen in love withaome bright-eyed forest maiden another ase of Inkle and Yarico. Only for the danger, I wish I had gone. There must be some regular genumine sensations out there." Mr. Gofles most have been a very exor bitant man if he wished for a greater sensa tion than he experienced .when, just as he had finished his soliloquy, the door was thrown open, and Falkland entered, followed by OErOen, Fowler, and the deteotive, while the grinning face of Tom Grist brought up the rear. S"Angels and ministers of gracse-I mean welcome, Sir Frederick, welcome from the land of bandits and ferocitiesl I" exclaimed Mr. Goffltes, with eyes distended to their fullest extent. "Don't be a fool, Gufese," said Falkland, smiling. "Help this young man in with the luggage, and then take this telegram to the o~lie. It is to go immediately. Take this young fellow with you when you go-he is an Australian, and London eights will amuse him." Mr. Guolee, assisted by Tom Grist, went to the cab. The romantic Romeo could not keep his eyes off Tom. "Me help you carry him portmantean, twiggy sons?" said Mr.Gufles, who mattered to himself, "Why, he ain't very red for an Indian. I suppose he understands English." "This is one of their foreign flunkeys I've heard new chums talk about," soliloquised Tom. "Well, I never did try to talk their lingo, but I dare say I can." With this re flection, he replied: " B'pose you grabbee that handle, matee; shovee it up soee on my shoulder; me walkee him along all same piecey feather, you sabee." "That's done it," thought Tom, with consoioue pride at the sucecess of his efforts, as Gufblles complied with the request. "I could always talk to the Chinese cook on the station better nor anyone else; and it's plain all these foreign chaps has the same yabber." The luggage was soon brought in, and then Mr. Gufeso, beckoning to Tom, said, "You comes now, me take you see what you stare at-such funny tings." "What are you talking that gibberish for ?" asked Falkland, angrily turning round; while the detective, who instantly realised the situation, burst into a roar of laughter. "Beg pardon, Sir Frederick," said Mr. Goffes, mincingly, "but this Australian hem-this Australian Indian only speaks broken English, and so-" This was too much for the rest of the party, who burst into perfect fits of laughter; Tom Grist louder than any. "Why, confound you," said Falkland, when he could speak; "the Australian Indian, as you call him, speaks English as well as yourself-better, perhaps." "I beg the-hem-young man's pardon," sid Goalles, "I took him for a child of the forest; and really, hedoes speak very queerly, begging yours, Sir Frederick." "And hang me if I didn't take you for a Frephyand soke the ingo5 to aecommodate There, there, go along-both of yon there wif be a better understanding between you whes you come taok,"' said Fakrland. Mr. Gsofes led thtway, followed by Tom, who pulled out his pipe and lit it as he walked along. " Dear me, this is awful," slid the refined Mr. Guffles. "Are there any streets in Aus tralia, young man ?" "One or two," replied Tom, composedly. "And do the people there-the civilised people, I mean-smoke pipes in them ?" eon tinued Mr. Guofles. Tom stared at him for a moment, then winked. "I'm not on, mate," he said, "you don't get a rise out of me." Compelled to endure the infliction, Mr. Gufies turned the conversation. "I suppose you were taught English at an early age ? " he asked. "Pretty fair," replied Tom. "Somewhere about when I learnt to speak. They didn't try it on before, yen see, because they fancied it might be waste of time." "Then your father was not a warrior perhaps, a great man among his people-and you were not born in the forest and cradled by a squaw, I suppose ?" said Mr. Gu(fmes, his romance fast departing. "I was born on the Hawkesbury," said Tom. "As to may father being a great man, and a warrior, as you call it, he stood aix foot four in his socks, and could belt any chap on the river. As to cradling, mate, I never took a turn at the diggings. I was brought up on. a station." Mr. Guilies' ideas had by this time received a severe shock. But he resolved to make one more effort, and so he said: "Are you partial to firewater ?" "Do you mean rum ?" asked Tom. "No, I can't say I am; but I could tackle a pint of stringy if it was in my way now." Anscertaining that "stringy" was colonial for beer, Mr. Gufiles forthwith entered a tavern and ordered a pint, contenting himself with a glass of sherry. Tom insisted on "shouting" another, and this had the effect of rendering Mr. GOUfes so loquacious thathe soon put Tom in possession of his crude no tions respecting Australia. Thekeynoteonce given, the mischievous stockman treated his new friend to such an astounding mixture of romance and reality, of the sanguinary kind, that Gunfies was in a state of gasping admi ration all the evening, and went to bed to enjoy what he was wont to style "a delicious nightmare." Next day Tom was sent to the station with Gufmies for the remainder of the uInggage, and returned in a high state of excitement. "I've seen him, boss, I've seen him I" he exclaimed, rushing into the room where Falklasd and his friends were seated. The detective was out, renewing his acquaintance with his old tutor, John Forrester. " Seen whom ?" asked Fowler. " The new cham tramp " returned Tom. "The chap as come to Nandle the night Mr. Curoon was shot. Such a lark l He was with another chap, and he and his mate was both dressed like parsons, with black rigs-out and white chokers. But I epotted him right of, and dodged him. When I heard him speak, I was sure of him." "And what did he eay--.where is he?" asked Falkland, on whom Tom Grist's ex citement had produced a similar effect. "Why, I should say he is far enough off by this time," replied Tom. "It was this way, yon see. While we-Gunfies and me-was coming along on the cab from that railway station- Waterloo Bridge you call it, I think -I saw this cove's ugly mag. He was walk ing along that street that's about as long as George-street and Parramstts.etreet put together." "You mean the Strand," eaid Fowler. " Go on, never mind description." "Well, I jumped off the box, and followed close behind 'em," continued Tom. "They didn't notice me, why should they? Then the swagman as was turns to his mate and says, 'We've got half-an.hour to catch the Paddington train. To - morrow morning Falkland's intended bride will be the bride of death.' Then I jumped into a cab, and came here like a redsheank."l Falkland turned white to the lips, and was. about to rush out of the room, when Fowler seized his arm. "Be calm," he said, "be calm, and leave your friends to act. Tom, fetch a fast cab immediately-or two rather. Promise the men s sovereign each if they use their best speed. Mr. Cnrzon, stay with your friend. I will have all ready by the time the cabs come." When Tom returned with the vehicles, Fowler had a heap of cloaks and rugs ready, and a small case urder his arm. "Jump in," he said, to Falkland, "Mr. Carton, you follow with Tom. We can talk when we reach the station." Away whirled the cabs, at a pace far above that allowed by the regulations. "Never mind your number being taken," Fowler shouted through the little trap in the roof to the driver. "A ten pound note will cover all. I will give you twenty. Drive as feast as you can-it is a case of life anddeath." Various futile efforts were made by aston ished policemen to arrest their progress, b?t in vain. At length the panting hore drew up in front of the station,and the party sprang out Falkland and Fowler immediately rushed into the telegraph office, followed by Curcon and Tom Grist. " A form, quick,":' said Falklandi to the clerk. " Where is the message for, Sir," asked the clerk. "Exeter, quick, man, I say," and Falkland stamped his foot in his impatience. "Very sorry, sir," rephIed the clerk, with exasperating coolness; "but you can get no message through to-night. There's been an accident to the wires, and it will take some hours to find it out and repair it, for there has been a very heavy fall of snow down the line." " Where is the etation-master ?" asked Fowler, seeing that Falkland was ntterly over come by this last blow. "I must see him immediately." The.official was brought, and Fowler e"x. plained that a murder had been planned, and that in the abeence of any warning being sent by telegram, a dreadful catastrophe must ensue. "Very sorry, air," replied the man, " but I deon't see what can be done. I can't granta special train, without authorisation from a director. And by Jove, Sir, here comes one." A portly gentleman bustled up to the station master, with an air of importance. " Beg pardon, Sr George," said the oflicial," but these gentlemen arein adreadful predica ment." And he related the cirumstances. " Dear me, dear me,"exolaimed the direotor, "ehocking, shocking I The only thing you can do is to hire a special train, and that will be expensive, fifty pounds at least." "I will give fifty times the amount to reach Falkland Court to-night," exclaimed Falk land, vehemently. "Eh, what I Falkland Court I Why, bless me, who is it they are going to murder at Falkland Court?" "My cousin Rose," said Falkland, in a choking voice, " my dear, dear RosA and I, great Heaven, standherehelplees as a child I" "Calm yourself, Sir Frederick, all will be arranged," exelaimed Fowler, soothingly. "Sir Frederick, is it possible you are the nephew of my poor old friend RIalph?" said the director. "To be sure, of course you are; I recognise the likeness. Here, Thomas, a special train directly and tell them to send the best and most areful men in the shed with 'it." The kind-hearted old gentleman bustled about, and the magic of his presence proved very effective. In half-an-hour a powerful engine and tender, drawing one carriage, started off at a speed offlitLy miles an hour. Fowler looked at his watch, and made a mental ealeulation. "It will be a near thog," hesaid. "Btya an keep up this pace we shall reach Exeter a few mminutes after the train in which those scoundrels are. Let us hope for the best." He unlocked the case which be carried, and took out several revolvers.. Handing one to each of the party, he said,." There is no time for trifling now. Bhoot him like a dog if he offers the least resistance." Falkland said nothing, but there was a glitter in his eyes as he grasped the weapon and thrust it intohis breast pocket that spoke volumes. Tom Grist quietly tooked the revolver into hie belt, and winked. "I swore I'd fetch that raddls.e-faced chap," he muttered to himself, "and if it comes to shooting I rather think I'll be among 'em." Courzon, who still wore his arm in a sling, had insisted on ascompanying them; and he, too, mentally avowed to do his best if it came to a struggle. The journey was a very silent one, for, with the exception of Tom Grist, each man was haunted by a dreadful fear, which he shrank from disclosing, that they might be too late after alL Tom Grist lookedout of the window, the view being a novelone to him., There had been a very heavy fall of snow, and the country was one sheet of white. The roofs of the houses as they dashed through the stations and towns on the route were heavily laden with snow. The trees in the open looked like sheeted ghosts looming through the murky night. The monotonous attle of l the enge, the regular clank of the piston rod, gradually died away in Tom's ears as he sank back in a slumber, from which he was not Tonsed until the train stopped. Then he found that they had arrived at their destination, and got out to hear Falkland exoitedly questioning thel stationmaster. "In half-an-hour ago, sir. Your special had to slacken the last fifty miles, for the fresh fall has almost blocked the line, Horses? Well, I daresay you 'can get them at the Bull. George,,rnap and oraer saddle horses-for how many?-four saddle horses immediately. The gentlemen will be there before they are ready. Bad weather for travelling, air." . Hurrying to the Bull, they learnt that only three horses were available; the remaining two having been engaged by two jeteons who arrivedin the reguolardown train. . Not a word was spok~das they naited. An awful sense of an'impending calamity over. hung the whole party. It seemed tacitly understood that Ouaron, as the least useful of the party, owing to his useless arm, shbould remain behind. Be graspedhia friend's hand as the horses were brooght out, and said in a low voice, "God bless you, my dearlalk-. land; may you be intimel " ' On, on, fetlock deepin snow they daseed the steam from thehoreses?veloping them in a hane. The glare from the snowgave suflicient light to show. tha koad,? een.f Falkland had not known it so wel "Tom Grist kept a few paces in the rear--not that he was worse mounted or inferior in. horse manship to his 'ompanions. On the con trary, it was his infinite superiority in both respects that dictated the courgse he was pun. suing. Falkland and Fowler dashed slong at the top of their speed; up hill anddowp dale alike. It's no good talking to them thia, seeig the state of mind they're in,!' sid Tom to himself. "But if them mokes'ain'sl boaut afore they gets to the end of their journey call me' a new chum. Now, this ain't a bad bit of stuff I've got across, and I've narsed hii' up the pinches. It strikes me that when we gets that long avenue the swell cove as owes it spoke about, I shall epreadeagle 'em." Tom's anticipation proved corrcet. When they reached the lodge theb horses o PFalkland and Fowler were thoroughly blown' Both shouted as loand as they could, and the lodge keeper, half asleep, put his head out of the window to ask what was the matter. While Falkland was calling to him to opee the gate, there wai rush, a dark form rose in the air, and with a shout of "Follow my leader," Tom Grist had lesared the pak walla, and was tearing up the avennse, ng all he knew out of his horse now thattheroad lay clear before him. Pulling up the animal at the flight of atone steps, his quick eye detected an open window. Drawing his revolver, he entered through the opening, and walked cautiously across the. room. Trained by his long experience in the bogh, Tom's sight was like a cat's, and.listening intently for any sound, he crept noiselessly'in the direction of the grand staircase. .As he stole along he heard the faint sound of approach inghorses. Thenhe knewthathis friends were at hand, and cocking the revolvere he pro eeded, muttering, "I've got the lead, and I'll keepit. They're heresorthe window wouldn't be open. I'll have the first shot for the honor of Australia. And if I don't put a set like a new cham'ibundle on that raeddle-faced chap, may I never skin another 'possem I" (To be Oofinucdf.) 