rel tan) us ,s /•: n r w k.s. CVwmiK.i.vnoNAi, Oiiuitcu.— 1 ho J.-Lli Bwy of tlio Sunday school W.H Colobr.lt I'd yesterday. Thn Rev. S. I. Creeii, morningand evening, whilst the Rev. ,1. Or,hod addressed tho children in tho aftoi noon. I" J11' morning tho Rev. S. 1. Crw.n based Ins riuuavks on J'lxodus, Unit chapter and !>lh wa I bo preacher directed tlio attention of tin. parents and friends of tin: Sunday school I" tlio chum which it. lmd upon thotn. 'I'll is claim from ui:iiiy sourccs. Tim condition of State education m tin colony made the Sunday school an innnii.il necessity, mill Have to it mi important" which in yours gone hv it (lid not posseis.^ lliiivtonod to tlio nnu-adiuittaiico of tlio Bible into Sla'o schools generally, and expressed sorrow that tho State soheoleducation ill relation to religious matters should lio as it is. Tlio claim of tin; Sunday school on till) church mm expounded, and I no rev. gentleman concluded by addios.-ing a few words ..f to tlio Sunday nchool toacimrn. of um;.iniii|;i iiiui.u v. } Tlio children wore arnm^id on :i F«»: in, and under the leadership of Mr. Toagno «•»•!? several hyiniiH, which had been selected for tlio n< Miss Leo presided ellieiently at the organ. (hiu.mkhm' Ciiuui'H.—At this chureh yesterday morning tlio Rov. V. M. Uiordan preached, the subject being " Christ revealed to the Sainanlar woman." At tho evening service tho same preacher olliciated, mid preached au eloquentsor moil, taking for tho subject of his discourse. 1 in; existence of Cod proven by the consent of all.' Tho preacher eouiiueuced by referring to tho stand point from which Cod was viewed. To sway tho heart of man, to govern it, and to guide it,tlio reli gious sentiment lias ever been tho lno t sti ini.'iuit. Keliirioim fervor tired with divine enthusiasm souIh the humblest and tho lowliest. Religious zeal made heroes of men ordinarily inostcoininoii-place, and religion gave to the world her best and noblest children, and was the cause of its noblest deeds ami truest progress. There were some, how over who imblushingly avowed that religion was an incubus, which weighed them down, and kept their souls from rising, and yet openly declared their faith in Cod. As to Atheists, who openly deny tho existence of a Cod, lie said fools thoy liro on Uieivdenial.fer that existence had ever been confessed and reverenced. No nation was without its Cod, no people without their altars and shrined. Idols had been reared anil cast down, and altars have been built, and crumbled to dust, but amid destruction and dee.iy the innate faith of olio Supremo doing 1ms remained. I ho instinct was ill all hearts, the yearning in all soul*, even in those of athoistH themselves, smother it as they will, und when they think it dead, its ghost arisen to haunt and mock then; dying hours How few of tho avowed atheists had died deaths with their lives consistent. In the days of David the atheist was regarded as a fool and was looked on as an intellectual or a moral monster, hy hi- deformity marked from the mass of his fellows. Tim preacher referred to the frightful scenes during tho French Revolution, when tho belief in tho cxihteuco of Cod wan considered irroundlo.su and unpiolitablo, stating that they khoulil regard the actions of tho people at that timo as being tho deeds of those who had strayed from their fathers home. If the cniiHCioils ncns of Cud wore an error it would, like any other urror, hard long ago been vanquished. They should not clone their eyes to Iho fact that athcl.ui was in their midst, and of late years ntiioirtt* hail b\cre.a>*ed \\\\\ nnmkr*, but few indeed, vtiry few woro tliuy m compared with tlm Bimplo followers Of tlio Lord Jesus. hot not C ms lam, bo cast down, however, the enemies of tho Lord shall not prevail against him. He will laugh,leave them ill dsrision for none but tho fool v/juld say in his heart "There is no Cod." lie, in conclusion, would aslc them to lay up in tho storehouses of their memories a passage from tlio Ccrmati author Christlieb as follows : —' Craiited, howevor, that the existenco of a Cod raniiot bo proved, "till less can His nonexistence. Without enumeration, the preacher said but uUeiingasid .ml truth, had David written " Hie fool hath said in hi; heart there ia no Cod." Unitkd Mutiioiiimt Oiii.'lU'll.—The anniversary, of tiio United Methodist Free Church, Calvin stroet, wan celebrated yesterday, when three special services wore conducted. 1 he lvev. J. Orchard olliciated ill tho morning, taking for his text St. John, lltli chapter, 2d and '-(> verses— " Je-ois said unto to her, I am tho resurrection and tho life; he that UeUeveth in inc. though he were doad, yet shall ho livo, and whosoever livetli and belinveth in mo though be wero dead yet shall In livo." The preacher said that the ipiostion If a „mn die shall ho livo again?" had been agitating the minds of men in every age. I la.o, Socrates, and others devoted much of their timo in trying to milvo this problem of man's immortality, but could conn) to no satisfactory cone usion. Socrates, when holding tho fatal cup of lion.lock in his hand, had co-ta.nly expressed sent.ineu s very nearly akin to those propounded in the hible, bu. •till they were vague, and surrounded by clouds of vinerstition. lint now tho Christian has a suro hone and can say " Oh death where is thy sting? oh g.'ave where in thy victory V Tho rov. gentlo man then showed that Christ had proved by his tft'iu'hinffrt and miracles that ho was tho resurrection Mid'thu'life. He reminded his hearers that their dr»ma of lifo would soon close, and urged tliem to place tlioir trust in Him who had coiupiered orer death and sin. At tho service in the afternoon Miss I'laut, a lady evangelist from Coulbiirn, occupied the pnlpit, selecting as hor text, Kt. John, Mth chapter, 1st and _nd verses. The remarks of the preacher, which were simplo yet «lo<piont aim o.fect-ve, were listened to very attentively. After the teiiuon a testimony meeting was held, when several members^of Uio coiwregatioii narrate, 1 their " exporiences. .vlr. A. llarknoss condiicte.i the evening service, and delivered an effective discourse from the Mi.h fith vfii-rto. Attach <>£ tlu*. ^.rvtc^ tluuo were hrge Congregations notwithstanding the nil propitious state of tho weather. Collections weio taken up in :li^ trust f'.ind. JUrrisT Ciiuuch, Kaoi.khawk.—Yesterday tlio anniversary in connection with the above chinch was celebrated,when three services were preaclied. Tiie morning and evening t-ooicos wero preached by the Uer. J. K. Wilkina, whilst the Uov. ^ . .1. llray olliciated in tho afternoon. In the morning tho ror. gentleman preachcd an ehspient and impressive sermon from tho .'.>th chapter of IwO relations and tho 10th verso. Tho afternoon ser moil was based on tho 3-lth l'sal.n, and tlio Mth and •Jth voraos, which was attentively listened to throughout.^ ^ pK(J UAT11I,,)UUi _;\t St. ICilian's Pro-Uathodra\ yesterday tiie nussnsi inangurated a fortnight ago by tho V cry Koy. 1 nor Bntier and Father Mooro, was continued. ] "J O'CoiiiidII conducted mass at ni o clock, J atliu Butler at seven o'clock, l'ather^ (jils^nan at eight o'clock,and Father () hyrne atninoo clock, holunn High Mass was held at eleven ■■) clock,at «h.ch tl10 Uislvt Hot. Mon^ei^uor Hutchison, O.o.A., tho olliciating celebrant; Father O'liyme, of Sey mour, O.S.A., deacon; Father Murray, sub deacon; and Futhur O'Counell, master of tho ceie mouies. After mass tho Very Rov. Inor hutler preachod from John, IC.tli chapter, And when Iho Holy Ohost is come he wi l convince the world of sill, and of justice and of judgment. Tho sermon was of a remarkably eloquent charac ter. At vespers the Very Rev. 1. nor l.utler again preachod. 1 lo d/esv attention to the great reward they would have in heaven a.s an equiva out to the work done by thorn on earth. 1 his row arc! w ould not bo given merely to tho mail who believes, bat to tho man who labors, works, and ;seeks after' it;. Thov had boen scut into tho world by a Uuu ti<...nt Oroator to lire in it but a short time, merely to halt M it were, Uko a traveller upon a Jonrntj. Thor hid hero no lasting habitation, ^o ma.tor whoro they wero, in what homisphoro or country they were journeying still onward to their . ■ ng home. This toward stimulated them to wrtth,, which they were told by philosophers, had ltsoun reward. Hut tho more doing of a good action rren for our own solf-intorest is not enoiig.i. Thus it was that Christianity was holding out to them a grand reward for conscientiously good actions. Tho thought of hcavun Croat stimulus to virtuo. No mortal tould doscriba that which bailies description,, thus it had been said that " eye has not not conceived, nor ear hath heard ^ prepared for those that love hmi. U <-1 « ~cUr proceeded to point out to his audience the beauties of the eartidv planet, and of l behold by the human eye. What eye was tlu ie that had not looked again and again it tIn- v. rk of man's art; oven men of scenco ao.l ar; worship these works of human hands. ^ et tht rfre.it apontlo Of tho Cen-iles with these things before his mind said that eye had not seen ear ;.th not lieard, what Cod had prepared for those idm .ua i Iliin. Thov had known of men even m th.-e times to having given themselves up wi" uilKuSritat I.*. » "'""rd;vT. the battalions of an earthly _ tnonarch t > tho possessions of tho lowliest inhabitant of Christ's kingdom ? Grand and noble as haven undoubtedly must bo, how much grander is it by of tim ure^cnco of thoso wU\» whom rexson of tnGprc.-cnv.oyt *• , f ■; would be associated then. Tno heart of i.aa naturally sought for converse with others. There in Heaven thoy would meet perhaps the: frieni.* of whlClthfv'KhadUil"S 'parted! they theilf'in thfwords'ol Paul' Jhe'Vw involved. A few years more, and not a. s.ng.o ono of those present would be alive. Henco the necessity for the immediate renovation of t.ieir hearts that thoy may win eternal happiness m Heaven. Subsequently the ceremon> of the <• renewal of baptumal vows, tho eR. °f jvl c■ , with all of the. congregation ^,1'^ candles, was very imposing, fne \ cry Rev. 1nor Butler gavo the papal benediction at tho v-Iose. Tho musical portions of tho services were e.v rrcdinclv well rendered. In the morning Haydn's No. 12 mass, the only one without orchestral accompaniments, but wuh an o.gan obligato by Mrs. Tamlyn, wa.s weU given, -diss L. Sexton sanp the pnnwpal 5| ^ altos weic Mrs. Tamlyn and Miss Whit. Ui.le Mr F. Macoboy was tenor and Mr. M. .Ua'.ouoj i,.L'- The offertoiro was a composition by Neukom, a trio by Miss Sexton (soprano) and Mrs. and Mr. Tamlyn (alto and bantoufc). i here was a full choir, Mr. Tamlyn conducting and ...re. Tr.mlvn as usual officiating at the organ, in the evening " Litany," a ^composition by the lat'; l)r B-ickhaus for three voices,was sung by Mr-3 ..ex.oil and Mrs. Tamlyn and Mr. Tamlyn. O balu taris," a duet by Xixon, was sun^j by .Miss h. Sextoa and Mr?. Tamlyn. 