NO EXCHANGE OF PULPITS. . . (From the Melbourne Leader.) Bishop Mooi-house has received a com munication from England, informing him that he is not warranted in authorising 'any minister or member of any denomina tion other than the Church of England to' preach in any 'church or chapel of the said Church of England.' The persons who condemned Dr. Broniby for lending his pulpit to Mr. Charles Strong are therefore justified ; and it is ruled that no Presby terian, Lutheran, Wesleyan, Independent, or Baptist can be allowed to preach God's word from an Anglican pulpit. It is easy to understand why this has been the law of the Church of England. That church is a political church, subject to the State and to lay tribunals,' and its discipline crystallised at a time when all dissenters were looked upon as rebels to royal authority. Then, again, the High Church party believes in what is known as Apos tolic Succession, and thinks that a clergy man, to be qaalified for his work, must have received the Holy Ghost, by trans mission of hands, from the Apostles. Accordingly the , Anglican bishops have shown themselves now and again very tolerant of outsiders, who had been ordained- by Catholic or Moravian or Greek Bishops. It is the pretension of one congregation or church to appoint its minister that is the ineradicable offence in Presbyterianism. It would be very ridiculous, if it were not sad, to see these distinctions kept up in the . present day in a community like our own, where there is no State church. Surely the Church of England in these colonies ought to emancipate itself from a purely arbitrary rule, which its founders adopted under very peculiar and. different, circumstances. Of course, if there .is unrestricted liberty, a Bishop will now[an'd again be called upon to do an unpopular arid distasteful thing by refusing, his license where it is proposed to lend the pulpit to a religious firebrand,' or to an a'dvancedireethinker. The slight embarrassment this would cause, however, is as nothing compared to 'the advantages of a federal union ^between the great Christian churches, with free, interchange of. the best thoughts and the 'niost burning eloquence.:,,, j '?.'?' 