FEW MORE AND CONCLUDING REMARKS ONRADICALISM AND THE PORT ADELAIDE NEWS. SIR—Since I found my letter in last Friday's issue given to your readers, my mind has been bothered (as in most cases when ventilating highly-important subjects) with a feeling of having not quite succeeded in conveying the value and usefulness of such a " sprightly chatterbox: " as your paper represents in the present muddled age and confusion of interests—placed in baskets, as it were, by kind Providence, and tugged and tossed about between the hands of angels and devils alike. .Our age is that of agitation, culminating in Lord Mayor elections to ridiculous excitement; nothing to say of the august proceeding to elect an M.P. " talker " for a borough. Iu the set or grasp of papers which each prominent and rising city necessarily developes, the organ for radicalism versus shams, humbugs, false political prophets, and—as & little side-thrust of my . own agitation—rascalism is often lost for a while in the great row. Sometimes when I ask, " Did you read in the Blister ,. the article " " No, sir. I take in the Advertiser," is the reply; to which I then add, " Or, r&tker;, the Advertiser takes you in, for perusing only one paper is a very >doubtful dodge of information." I was too often struck with surprise . - by ignorance about the' veiy ' existence of the Port Adelaide News, \tfhere independence of argument encouraged my share in the debatf., _I - think it ought to be (to' be or ought to fo? that is tbe?question !—SHAKESPEARE) at every bar—not only where spirits are sold, but where justice is —or ought to be—had for cash. By the "by, in : order to 3ecure at least one point in my. jitter as sure of sympathy with your readers, let me slip in a droll a^efdote of :the». tld. Irishman who called! two lawyers'to hie -death- bed - for Ae last-' will. , &idhetpjjnpj.-;' i^Tpu^«ie i a^eat pa my'S right mde; yoji^to.ihje lef^'rv/^Wiy ^'J^gnz-^ zled couple asked. *' Well," the old dip re-^^^ 1 plied, '" I've been a jricked rogue all myTEfe; said" want pow atleas|e^f|di5f B&'lgur "' 3 between two tBliVeai"f:. . " _ • • ~ ~ — Now, in glancing over the different offices the great back-oven of political baking (the Press) las to perform, I see one -who advertises ana chronicles what might be and seems to be m " sight," and another registers and observe what is I may liken it to shaking the great phial of Stuff by one, and waiting for discerning the sediment by the other. Then the bulk of, the matter gets to the Port, and the Editor there puts a feeling finger into the concern, after sweeping a little wave of salt-water over it, makes sure of the soft and solid parte, and occasionally the searching finger may consult tongueand nose; a Tat is smelt, and the pen opens its little beak in the nest and gets wings; and your readers enjoy the new warbling of the ydung larks in the morning after. This, my picture of these three in one and one in three, may do nicely for poetical and musical readers; but I have a bit of dry treatment in store for those who grasp only or prefer plain language. Well, then, if either of the lot of papers shew things like through a colored or otherwise belabored glass, the watch-- J man of the radical window rubs that off, and, sometimes, if needs be, spits on it to: effect a speedier clearer view; and when this business is done in sprightly humor and good nature, this •part of the "holy ghost" in .the Press trinity : liberalism. Conservatism, and Radicalism, is by aio means to be despised—nor the pen*^ m ^ holy symbol of modern pn^cal Christianity: £ B. d. As me are "JVidently fast drifting to a kind of ftafrfcl'.'Su dispensation, a vast deluge of common Hfense and universal white-washing sweeping over all society—my partiality for such papers tyho offer" a "lift" that blessed coming movement Of "lighting up " may be appreciated. Thus far I have from a social political point of View completed my argument by these concluding remarks, but cannot refrain from adding that the general reader finds in the supplements of the Port Adelaide News alone value amply received, for I met not a single issue without finding some • : ' '•"-interesting items besides attractive stories; STflfeould -ur readers like to know the attention to the goad and instructive wherever X have a chance to do so. If it wouldn't be too iate already, I would wind up with a " happy new yeaiS" not as the wit said to A bad singer: "I •wish you a happy new—ear " but rather: many happyoew ears and eyes and sensible subscribers. Yours truly, Yorke's Peninsula, Feb. 12, 1884. [This very comforting letter reached us too late for Friday's issue, being detained in the PoBt Office by inexorable postal laws for the aolidsum of fourpence British currency. The kindly spirit our correspondent Exhibits, has not Only healed the sore made by^arting with the -Sixteen farthings from the lean . and ; soriy editorial purse, but has actually inspired courage to persevere despite all difficulties in the path which our conscience selected; and has quickened the well-nigh expiring hope that at gome dietant day' there may be a slowly-increasing recognition of the efforts made to expose Shams in politics and public history, to denounce injustice and fraud, and to uphold the right —ED ] PRACTICAL INQUTBER. 