CAULFIELD TRAINING NOTES. Br " The Worm." GloBIOUS weather has prevailed during tho week, and (he grass gallop being in capital order, there has been some good serviceable work done. Mr. Connolly's jumpers," numbering about half-a-dozen, are in capital form. Veritas, Syphon, and Midnight have been doing medium pace work over three miles, finishing up the last mile strong, tbe la'.ter in company with Pilot, jumping the fences in pood etvlc. Veritas, with Sprightly, having also done some good schooling incompary. Friendless is look ing and going well. Seizure has been going steady since hie defeat. Angler looks a bit light, but is going strong and well. Novelette and Queen Bess have beeD doing strong work- over four or five furlong, their best gallop being done on Monday, over a mile, io very fair time ; the former, who is a flighty lady, having slightly the best of it, had b light boy up, Alick Robinson steering the latter. Nau tilus and Jack Roach complete (he list, have been doing medium exercise. On Thursday and Saturday Mr. Higin- botbam sent the Cup candidate, Capri, strong work over a mile, U'Jinen riding mm on both ocoarioDR tbe last day. Mr. Rowe's Polestar accompanied him, and had the son of Tattendnu in trouble a quarter of a mile from home. I do not fancy his chance at all. Le Grand has been drinc medium work. On Saturday he finished up with a strong half mile, moving str-'tjtf and freely. Don Quixote, who is decidedly the best conditioned of the lot, baE been riddeu medium exercise, finishing up strong. Eg- linton and Tissue have been going steady, spurting from tbe turn. On Thursday the latter ran a etroog mile with Capri. Mr. Batty has given Yately good, strong work over the Cup distance on Thursday, Saturday, and Tuesday, other days steady ; he is doing the best work, and looks well on it. Ontario bae bad a couple of good gallops on tbe eand, Deceiver going the last mile and a hull with him. he seeins to enior bis work, and looks very gay on it. Tho former has been jumping the hurdles, and the latter the fences very fairly. Umbcrto has done two or three good sharp spins over five furlongs in good style. Mr. Leng's Egbert and Kingfisher ran a etroog half-mile on Thursday, since which they have .been doing mild exercise. Canute has been going along quietly. Tippity Witchott bad the best of a half- mile spin with Nuncio. Mr. Jonee' two-year-olds, Violet, First Pop, and Melodious havo been cantering and spurt ing for four furlongs, Coriolsnus, being ; treated to long, steady work, finishing up strong. The old fellow ia looking fine and healthy. The Bohemian hns put in some wild exercise. Lizette has done good half- pace work ; she is looking big and muscular. Sir Samuel lias been schooling ; tbe first time he did not shape kindly, but the second round he performed cleverly. Tandstieker km joined this string ; be is doing medium , work, with an occasional pipe-opener. Mr. Bobinson'e Cupola and Merry Fenella have put in some quiet cantering, running ; home fltrong the last half mile, Mr. Campbell 1 a b-en eradinir M« zari pfang far a mile, hie stable ci'iRpRi.i n, Wowfs, brutiiimr home froui (he luin. Th farmer is a nin-b'/'kim.', compact hora«— will tiiflk" «n«iA of |l> . bp«r trsvri far a mile. Me. J. G R MV NWfalk, Tbe Gb- nt. at-d Tumult have d ne fttpmg w«nk m-pr a nitSe And a qu- irfar, flfd Gnc» Da-ling over n mile. Ni.rfolk and Tumult Lira mi-fa good time iu priva'c, but tbe latter failed t<- repeat it at El-teinwick, and I am ofopini m it will be the same with Norfolk at C-iulfield. Mr. Heywood's Spartau ba« done two or three useful gallops ; he is a likely-looking gentleman for hurdles, but I bave not ee<n Lira shape as yet. Mr. J. Allen has Gilderoy very 'well, before Melbourne bo gava hitn long, serviceable work. Mr. Rowo'e Chester nud Nonsenfto have done a lot of long, steady work, the former finishing a round <t two at half-pace. Pol® /tar, in company with Novelette and Capri respectively, has done good, strong work over a mita, going w»l). Mr. Davis bA« given David and Ditto b couple of good gallops far A mile, Power riding the Derby colt on both occasions. He should have a good outride rhow in the Guinea". Dargo and Camerine have done some good, u-efal work over a mile. The latter's b-?pt g/tifap was on Saturday. She went very strong, th« boy having hard work to keep her back to the colt. Pilot knocked , his lege about a good deal the day he wa 1 jumping with Midnight, and has uot worked since. D .fiance aud Discount aro both in good work. Mr. Johnson ha been giving Bereeford strong, u-»»ful work over three mile?. He if loukiug well. Mr. Mtriizie'eThc? Laird, with an amateur up, hi" boon doing some htli-pace work. On Mondflv he wot Arcompanied by Mr. Menzie, on New Bibylon, And R> doubt, alf' e'eered by an amR"«-iir, (lie trio r-cho<»lii g in IudUn fifa. At. th third fence N«w Babylon came down. The Laird shaped pri't'v well, Redoubt hittiug tbc-m very hard all round. Mr. Leek paid a visit on Saturday, and gave bis Cup candidate, with Strueelor for a companion, a good working gallop once round the grass, both going strong and well, and were making pood time until their owner stopped them coming up the straight. The following Losses hare been doing pood work, and ebould run well on Saturday at Caulfield : — Maiden Plate — Mozart, Polestar, Queen Beep, and Norfolk. JTurdlea— Dun Quixote and Ontario. Guineas— Divid. Findon Humeri' — Syphon, Chester, ar.3 Beresford (Ghost for H-sudicap.) 