WOMEN ARE STRANGE. [BY F. W. RowINson.J ClAPTER XVI-NO BETTER. / Clara Darrell and Clara Darrell's father had been sufficiently warned of the result of any excitement on the weak nature of ,the former, but with the best intentions the force of events had.:been 'too, strong for them. The "talented Miss Galves ton "was only a few days in advance of the bogus news which little March of the Gwynne "had"" promulgated -to --his Saudience,' and sheo: was now ill in sober earnest. Clara did not rally from her attack at Mrs. M'Alister's. It was only for a few moments thatshe was able to speak and put one or two anxious questions to her friend, and then there followed a second swoon; much lamentation from Miss Westminster, and no little consternation in thoe 'hoae in Tavistock-street, Covent Garden. A doctor had been sent'for, and had pronounced Miss Darrell to be in a.very sad way, and perfect rest and quiet desiderata, without which he would not answer for the result. Under any cir cumetances" she was not to be moved from the liouse, and was to be put to bed at once, and wait, if possible, for the better health which the doctor had hoped would come with time and patience and very careful nursing. Otherwise- and here he shook his head and walked away, calling again in the evening to find Clara Darrell delirious and raving of the stage, and Harvey Grange, her. father and her mother. "I don't think she will over get over it," said Kitty Westminster, wringing her hands. - \ "Yes,' she will," answered the more composed Mrs. M'Alister, "and if you don't make quite so much noise. "I shan't. leave again . until she's better." "I think you will, Kitty," was the reply, " for I haven't room for you' here, and you would make a fussy nurse." "I shan't play tonight.', I- " "You have your bread to win; you cannot afford to aggravate a manager and an audience,') said Mrs. M'Alister. "There, go'and do your best, 'honest Kitty.' " Which was a name Miss Westminster went by very often as a compliment to her straightforwardness and her utter de testation of " bosh.". She was an actress whom most of the profession admired for her genuineness and her high spirits,. off the stage as well as on, but only one of the best of a bad school for all that. Not a wise young ladyi in any degree, but at least one whom everybody could trust, and.who had the enviable art of knowing how to.take care of. herself, and' to take care-of others:too, if it were necessary. "I shall come back'immediately after the..ply'"' she said. " I shouldn't sleep a :wink ,if . I didn't know how she was getting.on."., : ' " "Very, well," said Mrs M'Alister re luctantly. "And I should like to get here early to breakfast, and--" "Please run away," cried the old lady, "andj don't tell the whole. world yet awhile that the great Galveston is ill, or I shall be worried to death by people I don't care to see." "Oh !"' "What is the matter now ?" S"There's that dear old father of hers -the' nicest old widower I ever saw in my life;?Mrs. M'Alister, and all widowers are very interesting-somebody must tell him now," she said. • "Yes ; presently." "Shall I take a hansom and drive to his hotel and leave the news 1" suggested Kitty. " No, you can leave all that to me,'' said'Mrs. M'Alistor. "I have not made up.my mind what to do. It's a vexatious complicated piece of business." " What is 1" r"Never mind, my dear," answered Mrs. M'Alister ; "perhaps you shall know shortly. . And, by the way, Colonel Darrell is not a widower, Kitty." "Not a widower I Really ?" exclaimed Kitty. '.' Well, you do astonish me." " And if he were a widower to-morrow, it would not be any use Kitty West minster's setting her cap-and bellh-at him," remarked the old lady; "I am very sure of that." Kitty blushed. "Don't you imagine I should think of such a thing," said Kitty, " although he's a kind of man to fall in love with, and console for his previous disappoint mnents, perhaps. But I like him because he's Clara's father-that's all, Mrs. M'Alister. No intentions, I assure you. Besides- -" ' Well" "Besides, I am engaged," she cried, "and I will tell you all about it in a day or two-you and Clara together, when the poor .dear comes round. It's the funniest story ; good-by. I'm really off now till after the burlesque." "uDon't make your usual noise on the knocker when you call again," said the old actress ; " Clara may be asleep." "'All right. I'll shy up something at the' 'first;floor window, if I see a light. Au: revoir, I'm gone at last. Well, to think Colonel Darrell has a wife living-' Olara'P mother, too I Why, Clara told me--" "Good evening, Kitty," said Mrs. M'Alistor, closing the streot door gently upon the garrulous young lady, and pro ceeding, upstairs to the room of the invalid. thus suddenly quartered on her : establishment. Mrs. M'Alister was 'vesy much perplexed, and tardly knew what should be the neyt stelp. . She was a warm-hlearted old ladly, who .did not mind trouble, but at first glance this was an extraordinary trouble, of which :she: did not see her way clearly out." It was a responsibility wleich she did not care to accept, and when it was reported later oni that Olara Darrell was no better, the old, handsome face became graVer and more thoughtful. "He had better know it now," she said; as she. dashed off a note' to Coloriel Darrell, at.the Iloyal Hotel, Blackfriars; "and'hero's the very man to take him the news," she added, as a gentleman entered the drawing-room and bade hergood oven "gMajor Elphickas," she said, t' you can do me a favour." " I shall be delighted, I am scre." SMajor Elphicks proved to be the gentle man who 'had been great in diamond studs 'on the night of Mrs. M'Alistor's "At Home." " Yoti will be sorry to hear that Miss Galveston is very ill. You have run after her a great deal in your day without effect, and made Harvey Grange, with effect, considerihably jealous. In fact," selo added, ! it's all through you that this wild goose chase begau, conttnuod, and is ended here." " Ahe!" said the Major, "I am ex tremely siorry, for I admire Miss Galvee ton, or Miss Darrell, .fr more than she admires me. What can I do ?" "See your old acquaintance, Colonel Darrell, .at' tb'he ' Royal Hotel, and give him ' this;" aiisnseried Mrs. M'Alipter, presenting the note;': C- Certainly i 'with 'pleasure; And Harvey Grange, does he know----" '" Nothing at present;". ' "He is not worthy of her," said Major Elphi?lks; "and I shell toll Colonel Darrell so. \- r.You might tell him the state of your affections too." "Humph, I don't think I will," was the reply ;:. not at once, at any rate. It was always dificult to know how the Colonel would take anything. ' Ani odd man." "All inen are odd," rbmarked Mrs. M'Alister, as if women were the only prosaic beings on earth, and invariably very patient,: plodding, gentle, and common-place creatures, troubled by none of the accentricitiospatent to the other sex. CIIAPTER XVfII.-A HOUSE FULL. Mrs. M'Alister had reckoned-without her host in sending for Colonel Darrell and certainly had not reckoned for a host to follow the important news which she had considered it her duty to deliver at the hotel. .It was about eight in the evening when Colonel Darrell and his two sisters and Major- Elphicks and Dr. Lambertson especially called for ens route-were all in the actress's drawing-room, plying her with innumerable questions. It looked like another " At Home," only there was a solemnity about it on this occasion that was a little depressing. :Dr. Lambertson was the only person allowed to see the invalid, and this was under protest from Mrs. M'Alister, who stood upon her rights, and had entire confidence in her own medical man, for whom she had sent to attend the invalid. ." You'll worry that.poor girl to death between you," she said, when the doctor had gone upstairs. The Colonel was depressed and de forential; all his, old haughtiness of de meanour had evaporated, and he was only anxious for the welfare of his daughter. It was on his conscience that he'had had his share in exciting Clara, too, and helping to drive her from the apartments which he had taken for her, and he was not easy in his mind. As for his sisters, "he positively loathed the sight of them at that moment, although they were interested in Clara also, and had insisted upon accompanying him. '"No, Mrs. M'Alister, we will not," said the Colonel ;. " no one shall see her until the doctor gives his express per mission. I am content that she's safe and in good hands." He bowed formally but graciously to the actress, who was somewhat softened by the Colonel's conciliatory manner, and bowed in response to his compliment. " And as for Dr. Lambertson-you will excuse his seeing his own patient, I am sure," the Colonel added. "Very well," said Mrs. M'Alister. "And although we have not seen our niece for four years or more, you must not 'think, madam, that we have lost ou6r interest in her or our affection for her," remarked Rebecca Darrell;" she is very. dear to both of;us." o ." Yes, I suppose so, or Ishould not be favoured by' such a procession as this,'.' replied the actress. "Did you ever see the 'Wedding March' at the Codrt 1". "I was never presented at Court," an swored Robecca, in the simplest faith. " I was speaking of the Ooart Theatre," said Mrs. M'Alister. "I never go to theatres. What wed ding -". " Rebecca," said. the Colonel gravely, "will you'oblige .me by holding your tongue for the present." " Oh, certainly," she answered, with a faint toss of her head'; "I was only an ewering tho'lady's questions."' ':Dr. Lambertson came downstairs'again with the news that Miss Darrell did not know him, and was in a bad way. Every thing had been done that was possible to be done, anid there was no immediate danger. Heo was going to step round and see the other doctor. ' ' "'Will you come with me, Colonel ?" he asked. " Certainly-for a few'iniutes-if you will allow me." "I think I'll go, too," said Major Elphickes, rising.. I Now that I have heard the. latest news, I must rest content. Ladies, good 'evening and my best and most earnest wishes for the speedy recovery of your niece." Both the Misses Darrell rose and indulged in stately courtesies in response to the Major's elaborate bow. "A most gentlemanly man," said Martha Darrell'to Mrs. M'Alister, after he had departed. " Was an ensign' in the regiment in which my brother was once captain, hoe tells me.' " He's a weak and foolish sort of a fellow," observed Mrs. M'Alister, " but with no vice in him, as jockeys say of a horse. And that's about all I can say. of hism." Meanwhile Colonel Darrell and Dr. Lamnbertson had said good evening to Major Elphicks and. gone 'their way. When they were in :the street, .the Doctor said- . "I don't want you with me, Colonel but I thought I would give you one more hint. Don't attempt to see your daughter, or lot anybody else see her, until"I'give permission myself." "I will not, Doctor. 'Is she really' in danger, then ?" " She will pull through," he answered ; " take my word for it-if there's no new and aggravating complication.. That rests with yourself." "I am an aggravating complication, then 1" said the Colonel ruefully. " Ah I well, I suppose I am. Did you say she did not know you ?" " Yes. And she talks a great deal of her mother ; is she -" " She and I spoke of' the mother to day a great deal," said the Colonel thoughtfully. "I see what is on her mind-it's all my fault." "Very likely," said Dr. Lambertson. " Will this be a long illness 1" inquired the father. "It will, not "be a very short one, I fear." "Then I shall leave the hotol at once, and got apartments somewhere near," said the Colonel. " Will your sisters remain in town 1" "Yes, certainly," the Colonel an swered. ' Why do you.ask1" "Oh, I thought your sisters might be going back to Derbyshire to- morrow." "Iwish to God they were," blurted out the Colonel. "I meani I wishfthat that they had never taken such a long journoy at euph an inopportdno occa sioi." "Exsctly; I shall see you again," and tbhou Dr. Lambertsbn marlced away, and the Colonel looked after him and won deoed if the man had given him more hints than one. Presently he was upstairs in Mrs: M'Alistor's drawing- room again.whconce Mrs..M'Alister had, with a polite excose, withdrawn and left thie sisters to them. selves. "Leonard, what do you think of doing 1" asked Martha Darrell. " When shall I be allowed to see Clara?" "And I ?"added Rebecca. "Not yet awhile," he answered ; "not before you are back in Derbyshire, 1 fancy... You' must pot leave Selina too long alone.", S' We thought of telegraphing to her to come up, in case of the worst." " Oh ! good Lord, did you 1" said Pthe Colonel. "LNo, we don't want any more at present. You'll'have to godown to her, Ifancy." S" We shlill not leave whilst Clara is in' any danger," said "obecca ; "tthank reavenih, we know our duty better th'n that. Martha and I have beern thinkino that if.we took it in turns to watch her, it.:wQulld be better than having any strange and' unsympathetic person who-" ..' Excuso my interrupting you--" .:".' You always do, Leonard; but go 'on." ' ' "I' have made every 'arrangement row," he said;, " and everything is for the best-nursee and all. 'You and Martha will rethiri to the hotel at' once-it is an easy distaince from hero, anid you can look in when you like, of course." ",Aid you? " ".I' shall not stir from this house," said the Colonel. "I have been having a little conversation with' the lhmdlady downstairs-a very eslinmah'o old lady, but deplorably deaf-and eshe has very kindly offered, under tihe sad circum stances which have arisen, to make over the 'front and back parlour to my especial use, and go somewhere else to lodge." V" Wlut's that?" said iho r'ocitcd yoice of Mrs. MI'Alister boheilnd 'them. Tic actress had stolen in uotseleosly, in her list slippers, and had heard tile last statement of the Colon.l, which had almost taken away every particle of her breath with astonishment,. ".I have engaged with the landlady downstairs, Mrs. M'Aliater, for the hire of her apartments," exclaimed the Colonel, once more. "You will be glad to hear this." "Shall I1" replied Mrs. M.5Alister, still panting. " And-and; - mercy on me, when do you come ?" "Oh I I'm not going away agaiii," he said. " I have paid her handsomely for the extra trouble I have caused-I do not remember what I gave her, but it was -all I had in my pocket, and she seemed very thankful. It's a pity she's so deaf," he added, the landlady's affliction having evidently struck him seriously, it having led on his part-, to very. considerable shouting, up in a corner, . too,. as he had feared his bellowings into her -ear would disturb his daughter's rest upstairs. Mrs. M'Alister turned pale and sat down. "I am very sorry," she murmured, "very sorry. It will distress Clara very much to know you are in the same'house. You must consider that very seriously, Colonel." "Don't tell her." "Ah ! yes--no-I had forgotten that." " There is not the slightest occasion to tell her," said the Colonel. I shall not see her until' the doctor gives,me full -permissioni " Yes -but-' '!My dear lady," said the Colonel, " pray trust me to be discreet, with all the happiness of my life at stake. 1.will be the staidest and quietest of men, waiting downstairs patiently for the better news, which God grant will, come quickly' to ma." '"Yes, still--- Again Colonel Darrell's bad habit of not waiting for his companion's answer asserted, itself. 'He was too eager to get on with his own side 'of the argument to listen to the others, and, besides, it was a clear waste of time, now that he made up his mind. .. . "And it is all settled for good,".he said. "-The landlady goes in half .an hour. I. have sent a messenger for my boxes from the hotel, and here is home for me." : " Yes,"home indeed I" whispered :Mrs. M'Alister to herself. And it was home, or somethinig like it' -a something with a strange and awful difference, which only the noactress, could' have explained. Father, mother, and child under one roof, and eaich apart.and ignorant of the triple union. , How, was it to end now 4 thought Mrs.: M'Aliater.. What was to follow this? OHAPTER XVIII.- CONVALEeOENOE. - The reader will thank us for -'not dwelling. too long upon the details of Clara Darrell's illness. Suffice it to say that it was sharp and dangerous, but.not a protractid malady, although getting back the strength was. a process somewhat difficult of accomplishment for Dr.' Lambertson,: who had once'' more taken the complete charge of his patient. Betore a week had elapsed Clara Darrell was allowed 'to sit up in her room and see, for a few minutes -at a time, those friends who had been solicitous concerning her, and here, at stated intervals and stated hours there o-filed in, one by one, those in who. she was interested-whom she had loved, or feared, or distrusted, as the case might be-and all of whom were anxious to see her. They were the elements of:her life, and had had their influence upon it for better or worse ;- and id the early days of her convalescence, and in her great weak ness accompanying it, she regarded them with a faint interest as one might have done characters in a book or play, and hardly as if they were part and parcel of her world still. As her strength came slowly back her interest in them became more aoute, the complications of the position began to reassert themselves upon her mind and trouble it, and the old worries rose again like ghosts that could not rest in their graves. It was her father whom she saw first, and greeted with a sad smile. He was very humble and contrite and nervous,with fifty warn ings from the doctor to recollect. Be stopped only a few moments during the first interview, and seemed eager to be gone as soon as he had stepped into the room. " "Don't fret about anything, my child -don't think I am opposed to anything," he said very hurriedly. "You can do exactly as you like." " I can return to the stage, then z" shite asked in mild surprise. "If you were strong enough to be columbina in the pantomime this evening at Drury Lane, I should not object," he said. "Only to see you strong again, Clara, is all 1 care about." "You are very kind, dear dad," an. sewered his daughter. \- It has been all my doings," he added, "I have been a perfect brute. I did not consider everything." "A-h, yes-you did," she said. " I have only myself to blame for acting rashly and selfishly, and forgetting you. You are still at the hotel 1" "I amin staying here." " Staying-in this house 1" inquired Clara wonderingly. "Yes, my dear. I bribed the landlady downstairs to vacate the parlours, where I am extremely comfortable, where- Don't you feel so well 1" he asked, he his daughter stared at him intently and 'changed colour suddenly. " Yes, yes-! I am just the same,'" cried Clarae but I am trying to remember something." "Don't try to do anything .half so ridiculous,"implored theColonol. "There, good-by for the present. I'm wearying you. I'll send Mrs. l'Alister upstairs, shall I" ? " " If you will,' pleoaseo," was . the. slow reply. • - - - • After MIrs. M'Alister had seen Clara, and assured her there was not much chance of a meeting between husband and wife, with the wife a prisoner to one room at the top of the house, Clara rested in peace for that day. On the following morning Mr. "Harvey Grange," without a word of opposeition from Colonel Darrell -whose pormision had been most goaciously accorded-was allowed to see Clara for exactly ten minutes. by the Colonel'a.big chronometer., ColonelDarrell waited for him to descend, and asked him into the front parlour. "You will understand, MrArohstone," said the Colonel, "that I have made no concessions, no promises, no anything, by having permitted this interview between you and my daughter. I will take it for granted you are attached to imy child, and I-- don't want to be the implacable father of the play." " Ah, butthed impladable father always says, 'Bless you, my children I' at the end of the piece, if you remember, COofanel," said Ernest Archetone qu'ietly and suggestively. "I .lon't remember anything about the playhouse. I haven't been inside, a theatre for-oh, yes, -I have," he said, recollecting his visit to the Gwynne; "but I haven't eat a play out for many long years." S"I wish you would come and see me in. the-new piece-I should be glad of your opinion, Colonel." - S:., ,What good would it do you 1'' And what's my opinion worth to anybodyl" asked the Colonel. "There's a difference of cpinion in the Press as to whether I am a great actor, or can really acnot at all," said young' Archstone, shrugging his shoulders. "And you, coming fresh from India,: as it were, would regard the whole matter impar tially, and let me 'know myself. It is not. as if you were a novice in dramatioc matters-your old love and study of the stage would be of benefit to me." ' 5'How do you know ? Who the devil has told you I ever cared for anything of the kind 1" cried the Colonel. " Surely *Ql'ra --'- " - 'lrs. M'Alister was my informant,' Mr. Architono said. 'Only yoe~tijrday she said she could remember your passion for theatrical society-your intenie 'in terest in anything a nd everything which "appertained to us.'' " She said that? " Yes." "She knows too much, then," re marked the Colonel sullenly.. Ernest Archstone was extremely anxious to please the Colonel, and he saw with dismay that the officer's face was shadowing, and his brow taking ugly furrows into it. ' g g ".. am aware that you have turned against us now, Colonel Darrell," he said very quickly, ' that your- prejudice against the stage extends now .to a dislike of. him who acts on it. Forgive my alluding to the theatre at all." "Say no more about it, sir," said the Colonel, very thoughtful still, and not thinking of "Harvey Grange.', "My own father is the same," con tinued the actor. " I should have known that there is no one more bitter against the playhouse than he who has given it up for good. But is it just ?" " I do not want to argue the point, Mr. Archstone-I am not thinking about it," said the Colonel. "My father married an aotress-'a Spanish lady- when he was In the States many 'years ago. And yet he does not understand my passion for the great 'art I love so well," said earnest. " Your father married an actress ," " Yes." " Whenhe wasvery young, I suppose?" "Not very.youn'g." "And your mother-where is she ?" "Dead !" "Yot are quite sure of that ? Young Archstone looked very much astonished-for an instant there flitted across Ibhis mind that the suspicion Colonel Darrell might not be quite right in his head. 'f My mother died some seven years since," he answered. " You remember her "'' "Perfectly; she was a good mother. My father has not been happy since her death," he added. "He has. had no reason: to regret marrying an actress she was always a good and faithful wife to him." "She left the stage when she was married, I suppose ?" "Ah ! Good morning, Mr. 'Arch stone." " I may 'see Clara. again T'" he asked When they were left together in the hall. '." Yes - presently,": ' answered the Coloneli'" but 'don't conie round half a dozen times a day, unless you wish to arrouse my active opposition. And-tell youir father you are coming." "Certainly." S"I don't want him to think--d it !'" And, without waiting to explain the :reason for this burst of profanity, Colonel. Darrell" darted into his front parlour and shut: the door behind him ; whilst Harvey 'Grange, backing in dis may,. plumped upon the' feet of Mr. Splatterdash, 'who also burst into bad language on the spur of the moment and before he could muster up a sickly smile of recognition. ' "Oh I is that you, Splatterdash 1 hope I haven't hurt ;you," said'young Archstone politely. ". All right, 'sir. I shall be better in a minute," was the reply of a short, foxy individial, in shabby garments and a brand-new.hat, as he leaned .against the door and rubbed his -left foot with his hand. "No. one shall say after this that you're a light comedian, Mr. Grange. Ha I ha ! See ?" "Yes, I see the joke, such as it is,'" answered the actor. "It is not a nice time for a joke, said Splatterdash, with a heavy sigh, ."for I believe that benefit of mine will bring me to an early grave." ' " What's the matter now ".! e. "'"What's the niatter?" : exclaimed Splatterdash, jumping about' on the door step now in his excitement., "Hanged if old Moses does not want the money' for his gas' before he.lends me the house at all-and his own' men are to 'be in the pay-boxes; and -- knows what.'" Ah I when' a man's down,- keep him' down that's the rule, sir. 'Stamp on 'him-' stump him out-bowl him over. He's been the support of half thq theatrical world in his time, but never mind that'; he's donemore for the education of the people in the higher class of drama. than any man who has hexisted yet; he's done wonders for them-but 'he's down, sir, Derry-down-very down, Ishould say." Mr. Splatterdash had been in the public.house line before speculating in theatres, and had been always ignorant and fussy and boastful, but it was only o,f: late days that he had become maudlin, and a chronic nuisance at: the bars of, the various Strand restaurants, where .myriads of his friends and acquaintances strove vainly to slake their thirsts-and his- between the hours of three and five' p.m. He was a man whom in the days 'of prosperity and many theatres Ernest Archstone had not. known, but for all that lie was enrolled for the man's benefit, and:had promised to play Romeo to.Miss Galveston's Juliet in the balcony scene possibly as' much for his own pleasure as for the satisfaction .of Splatterdash's 'committee and Splatterdaph, Ernest was anxious-to get away, and even to get' his companion away before the Colonel hoard his maunderings. " How'e Miss Galveston this morning?" Splatterdash said, suddenly and eagerly. " Will.she play for. me.?.. Is there the ghost of a chance ofI:ierkeepingheir promisu 1" " I can't say. But she's better." ".There's a clear.threo weeks-shhe ought to 'pull round-anybody can pull round in three weeks," daid Splatterdash; "but if she don't I rely upon you, Grange, just the same." "'I shall not play if she declines," was the reply. "There's not another Juliet on the stage, and-- ' " Oh ! good gracious I Look here imow, Grange,"cried Splatterdash,bitrating into tears, ! you'll never throw a fellow, ovrer too I" "You phall not lose by my absence; but--" ' " Come and have a drink, gohd let us talk it over.' "Yes ; letus talk it over." And away went Mr. Splatterdeash and "'Harvey Grange" arm-in-arm, with the grim face of Colonel Darrell glowering over the wire blind at them. "Who's the old boy in the front parlour I" asked Splatterdash, as' the actor raised his hat. ' "Colonel Darrell." "By George ! so it is-- should not have known him." " You knew him once, then 1" ': "Olh, yes ; I should thinkI' did. And he's Clara 6alveston's father, too," he added. "Why, she'll never act for ?Fe now. It's all up. I think, Grgnge, I shall drown myself this evening, if you'll not mention it to anybody at present." "Rely upon my discretion."' "Thank you. : And I think I'll have a little nip of brandy now-it's a bitter day." 'To S ' (To be'cont'iud:) :.: No matter how green a person may'be'in the use of the telephone, thel moment he puts his' mouth to the transmitter he turns yellow. The coral insect is a great reef-former. S"Madanie,"' said a gentleman, offering i rose to a lady, "allow me topresent you to one of your sisters." The smell of soap-suds in the air; : The floors and walls entirely bare, Theio piles of debris everylwhere, The housewife with a vacant stare, And handkerchief tied o'er her hair, Are signs which all men fear. . They know t' at when they stumble o'er The pots and kettles on the floor, They'd clutch a freshly painted door, And vainly, wildly thirst for gore, Because, as in the days of yore, . HIodse-cleaning time is here. 