COUNTRY NEWS. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENTS.] BRIGHTON. The municipal council met on the 18th inst. at 2 p.m. Present The Warden and all the councillors. The minutes of the last meeting were read and confirmed. The declaration of the newly-elected councillor (Mr. J. Tonks, of Black Brush was taken. The council then proceeded to the consideration of the rates for the year. A' balance-sheet, prepared by the council clerk, showing the financial position of the municipality on the 31st March, 1884, was laid on the table, together with a table, giving the amount of rate from 1d. to 6d. on the roll for 1884. A conversational discussion of considerable length took place on tho state of the finances ; the council ultimately, as suggested by Councillor Mortyn, confined their attention to the Dr. and Cr. account for 31st December, 1883. The members were unanimous in regarding a special rate as inevitable, but were divided as to the amount. That part of the balance sheet which dealt with the end of 188,1, showed a debit of £259 11s, 6d,, with assets to the amount of £108 Is., made up as follows Duo on grant in-aid, 1883, £118; uncollected rates, £0 11s.; rents, etc, £43 10s., leaving a balance against the municipality of £61 10s, 56. Councillor Barwick moved-" That a police rate of 9d. in the £1 on all private property, and of 4d- In the £1 on all rented Crown lands within the municipality and a muni- cipal rate of 3d. in the £1 on private property, and 1 21. in the £1 on rented Crown lands, be levied for the year of 1884." Mr. Barwick said that he did not see how they could carry on with jobs, for their expenses this year would inevitably exceed their Income Councillor J. J. Butler seconded the motion. Councillor Mortyn moved an amendment, which proposed a municipality rate of 2d. on private property and 4d. on Crown lands. Mr. Mortyn held that they must confine themselves to the debit of 1883, and a rate of 2d. would more than cover that deficiency. It was to be regretted that an extra rate had to be imposed. Agricultural interests were depressed, and he feared landed property in the municipality had not yet touched the lowest point of depression. While speaking on the question, he felt compelled to draw attention to the remarks of Councillor Brock at the last meeting in reported in The- Mercury, which report was confirmed by the minutes just read. Councillor Brock spoke in terms of unwarranted severity about the absentees from that meeting, when he accused them of shirking- their duty. He (Councillor Mortyn) had never shirked responsibility since he had been in the council, nor did he do so on the last occasion. He could not control the circumstances that had compelled his absence. The general tenor of Mr. Brock's remarks would lead impartial readers to believe that the shirking of which some of them were accused extended further back, and that the supposed circumstances of the municipality, which wore that day shown to be not nearly so bad as represented outside, were due to the incapacity or indifference of those who held their office during the past few years. Councillor Brook would support Councillor Borwick's motion, and would be glad if their debit balance, at the end of this year, could be restricted to the amount represented. He was strongly averse to going into debt, and would do all in his power to guard against it. With reference to his remarks at the last meeting, they were not intended to convey the sweeping reflections which Councillor Mortyn seemed, he regretted to say, to attach to them. He confined him self to the proceedings of that day, and still maintained that the very small meeting at the last council, when it was known that business of importance had to be dealt with,. looked as if some of the absent members wished to evade their duty. Councillor Jones and Tonks also spoke in support of Councillor Barwick's motion with reference to the amount of municipal rate, and hold that it was imperative on the council to put their finances on a satisfactory footing. Councillor Mortyn's amendment was not seconded. The Warden said he would have to put the original motion, but before doing so, he must express his agreement with Councillor Mortyn's amendment. It had, he thought, been clearly shown that a special rate of 2d. would give them enough to meet their liabilities for last year, and even leave a balance in hand. The table of rates before them showed that 2d. would produce £117 12s. 2d., while the debit they had to meet amounted to little over £50. He would have preferred to see a penny rate imposed, and continued, thus gradually bringing their finances into a satisfactory condition. He regarded the 3d. rate as a mistake -The original motion was then put and carried ; Councillor Mortyn voting against It. Accounts to the amount of £61 8s. 2d. were passed, and some routine business transacted, and the council rose At the Pontville Police-office on Friday, 18th just, before the Warden and Mr. Joseph Barwick, Js.P., William Clark pleaded not guilty to the charge of stealing a slab, a wooden rake, and a box, the property of John Shaw. Accused having lately been convicted of larceny, was tried by the Bench. The evidence for the prosecution was conclusive, while that called by accused had no bearing on the case. Sentenced to six months' imprisonment. - Henry Luck, ex parte, was fined 1s. and costs for driving without reins. CASTRA ROAD. In my last letter I said we had almost finished, threshing in this district. We have now quite finished, and each one knows his yield per acre, and can balance his crop account, and will give a correct estimate of profit or otherwise. Mr. John Bingham has threshed a crop of wheat much above the average horse, if I am rightly informed as to figures. One bag, of a variety known here as " Molo's pedigree," yielded 180 bushels and eight acres of another kind, which was not named, turned out an average of 63 bushels per acre The local ghost having been laid (i.e., bowled out the all-absorbing topic of conversation is the election of road trustees, which takes place on Saturday next, if no hitch occurs to spoil the job. There are no less than seven persons named as likely to be nominated, Messrs. J. Liddle, T. P. Cowle, jun., and W. Russel for the Kindred-road ; V. J. Andrews, G. Lewis, J. Hastie, and a dark member for the East Castra-road. Seeing that there are so many eligible persons willing to give their time and abilities for the welfare of the roads, and that there are five public roads besides the main coast road, and two towns Ulverstone and Hamilton-on-Forth- needing, indeed, very much needing, their care, would it not be as well to have seven members instead of five in the trust, so that each road might have its local representative ? , Demands for the rural police who are being made very decidedly just now, and people are getting to know without visiting Ulverstone to what extent they are taxed. We are long-suffering and used to hard measures, but there are some things we are not willing to bear without speaking about. We have long known the wants of passable roads, and now they are made so that we can got about in the winter, it is well known that it will require a considerable amount of money to keep them in order. The properties in the district have accordingly been raised in assessment, and the highest rate of is in the £ is levied on property. This is all well enough, and is necessary for the maintenance of the roads, but we find that the police rates and estate duties are levied under the same assessment at 6d in the £1. We have no extra police protection provided, because, being a peace-abiding people, we do not require it, and do not ask for it. Why, then, are we taxed extra to pay for what we neither have nor require? The estate duty question is a still more shady affair. In some indirect way we may be benefited by it. It would be well for us if it took a shorter cut, some more direct, and made itself more appreciable, as regards benefits in return. It would be better thought of, more cheerfully submitted to, and, perhaps, less spoken about April 24. [9 The precise meaning of this is obscure Our correspondent has omitted to state the number of acres by holding this quantity. Ed. M.I _ MANGANA. [FROM A CORRESPONDENT.] It is seldom that anything occurs in this secluded but picturesque little village to break in upon, or to disturb the course of the somewhat monotonous condition of existence with which we are familiarised. The office of a regular newspaper correspondent would therefore be almost a sinecure, and shot any one undertaking it at his " wits end" to find something to write about. As several earth tremors occur weekly, we have become so accustomed to them that they excite comparatively little interest, and the subject having been almost done to death in the columns of the press, I shall not trouble your readers by any particular reference thereto. The weather, for the past three months or so, has been singularly mild and dry; vegetation, therefore, has suffered, and the mining interest in this quarter has been very seriously retarded through the diminu- tion of the customary water supply. Easter, with its holidays, came to us a welcome guest, and afforded us an opportunity of which we did not fail to avail ourselves of breaking through our ordinarily dull routine of pursuits. At holiday times we generally go in for a certain amount of athletic sports, and often finish with a ball afterwards. Easter Monday was no exception. We had a very enjoyable experience indeed. A cricket match was played between a Mangana and of Fingal team, which resulted in a victory for the former by one run, Mangana scoring 59 and Fingal 68, The following athletic sports were also engaged in, Maiden Race, 160yds. Four starters. W. Smith, 1 ; Higgs, 2 ; Digney, 3. All Comers' Race, 200yds. Six starters. T. Hall, 1 ; G. Woolnough, 2. Handicap, 200yds. Five starters. B. Smith, 1 ; T. Parker, 2 ; G. Woolnough, 3. Champion Race, 300yds T. Hall, 1 ; W. Smith, 2 ; T. Parker, 3. Hurdle Race, 150yds T. Hall, I ; B. Smith, 2 ; T. Parker, 3. Old Buffers' Race, 100yds G. Groavo,' 1 ; P. Clancy, 2 ; W. Croft, 3. Four-Logged Race, 100yds. - Parker, Smith, and Hall, 1 ; Croft, Oliver, and Hall, 2 ; Digucy, Parish, and Higgs, 3, All the above were well contested. In the evening, after the various events of the day had been disposed of, came the one most eagerly looked for by the fairer and interesting section of our little community, to wit, the dance. It passed off most successfully, and gave I understand, intense satisfaction to those present One or two late arrivals here expressed surprise, after the event, at the efficiency in the terpsichorean art exhibited by the " Belles of Man- game" on the occasion, and also a very evident admiration of the fascinating charms of several fair ones present. They had better "Take Care, Beware," as the old song says. It is proposed to celebrate the Queen's Birthday in a similar manner. If so, so much the better, for everything at Easter time passed off here so decorously that it would puzzle the most censorious of moralists or purists, unless indeed downright fanatics, to take reasonable objection to anything seen or heard. 