IX)CAL NEWS. The Western Railway Association met last evening, the Mayor iu the chair. It was decided that the report of the deputa tion as appearing in the papers should be taken as read, and the Chairman said that they might congratulate themselves as to the success of the deputation, and had to thank the members tor the town, dislrict, and Gympie for their support. A vote of thanks was passed to the Mayor for the manner in which he had led the movement. It was also carried with' acclamation that the various bodies and societies which so ably assisted towards the suc cess of the demonstration should be specially thanked. Details with regard to the special train were then gone into. With regard to Mr. White's statement to Mr. Miles as to the Mary borough imports, it was generally con sidered that such had been understood, and as it would be useful in future to know how much produce Maryborough obtains by sea, a sub-committee was appointed to bring up a report on the same. The announcement that Sir Thomas M'llwraith had written to Bun daberg advising the people there to work up a petition fora line from Mount Perry to Gayndah introduced the topic of send ing a deputation to the latter place, and a sub-committee consisting of Messrs. C. P. ChriBtoe, R. M. Hyne, J. Graham, C. Powers and Young were appointed a committee to work up the matter, appoint a deputation and get it under weigh within a week. Considering the amount of work done by the Association the members announced that they were not surprised to hear that though £110 had been received by the secretary towards defraying the expences, at least £100 more was wanted, aud it was determiued to use every effort to get in subscriptions. The meeting then dispersed. The weekly meeting of the Hospital committee was held yesterday evening. Present- Messrs. H. Palmer, H. Walker, E. F. Hauley, A. F. Sapsford, C. A. J. Woodcock, It. B. Clayton, and E. L. M'Conkey. A letter was received from Messrs. Pettigrew and Co., Duudathu, with subscriptions to the Hospital from their employees amounting to £9 9s, for which au unanimous vote of thanks was passed to the donors. Tiie visiting committee reported that they had found everything about the Hos pital in satisfactory order. On the motion of Mr. Henry Walker, Dr. J. Byrne was elected as honorary surgeon to the hospital. It was decided to write to the Miuister for Works, and request a definite statement as to the steps he intended to take with regard to the con struction of the new hospital, and why the Government had decided on having it built of brick when the Colonial Architect strongly recommended wood. The re;)o.-t for the week is as follows : — Remaining, 22; since admitted, 7 ; total, 29 ; discharged, 4 ; died, 1 ; remaining, 20 males, i females; total, 24; out patlente, 17; total treated, 46. The deputation of Maryborough citi zens who last week waited on the Government, in the interests of railway communication westward, are returning home in select batches, but not without having gained laurels. We are glad to learn, on good authority, that the Ministry are convinced of the undoubted wisdom of including the Burnett railway iu their programme, aud will therefore iucludc a sum for the railway iu their loan estimates. The route, however, has yet to be decided ou. The odds are at present in favor of that via the Isis, but before anything is definitely accepted the rival loutes will be travelled over by the official inspector, Mr. Phillips, who will prepare reports ou theMuugarr, Isis, aud Kilkivau routes, aud also that from Mount Perry trending westward. At any rate it is very gratifying to know that the present government admit the principle that the connection of Gayndah aud tlie Burnett district with a coastal port, by railway, is a fan* claim to make on the State. A Government laud sale took place at the rooms of Mr. W. E. Curtis, Govern ment auctioneer, Bundaberg, on Tues day, when 98 quarter-acre allotments comprising the township of Booyar, at the junction of Yandaran Creek with the Kolan river, and about two miles from the mouth of the last named stream, were offered. So firm is the local belief in the early development of the Kolau as an agricultural district, that the sale was looked forward to with much interest, and a large Attendance and spirited bidding chaeterised the sale. With one or two exceptions every lot found competition aud a buyer ; the price obtained as a rule varying between £60 and £100 per acre, considerably in advance of the reserve, which was £12 per acre all round. The sale was there foie a most satisfactory one for the Government. At the Tiaro Bolice Court on 17th Sep tember, before Messrs. J. Dowzer, J. Job, and F. Bull, John Currau was charged with illegally branding by placing a brand on six cows, oyer another brand. Mr. Tozer appeared for the accused, and Mr. Roebuck, as Inspector of Brands, prosecuted. Mr. Roebuck, on examina tion by Mr. Tozer, said that he simply prosecuted Mr. Curran under the 28th section of the Brands Act for placing one brand over another, and that Mr. Curran made no secret of having so branded these cattle, and also said he was not aware that he was doing wrong. Fined 5s per head for six head ; costs, £1 5s 8d. Mr. Tozer gave notice of prohibi tion. The Maryborough Rowing Club shed is, to use the phrase of one of the mem bers, 'chock-a-block' with the Club's boats, and we hardly think that another Club has such a splendid lot of racing crafts at any rate, though there might with advantage to the non-active mem bers be a few more pleasure boats. The steamer Derwent brought up yesterday the two pair-oared and double sculling half-outrigged clinkers which were autho rised a mouth or so back. When it is stated that the boats came from Fuller, of Melbourne, their excellence is implied. At the Police Court, yesterday morn ing, before H. R. Buttanshaw Esq. James M,Kenzie, and Jimmy Burn for drunkenness were discharged. George Power for disorderly conduct, was fined 10s., or 48 hours imprisonment. Jimmy Aboe. a Polynesian charged with drunken ness was fined Ss., or 24 hours in the lockup. Lizzie Molloy and Marion Russell, prostitutes, were charged with using obscene language iu Adelaide Street, and fined £1, or 4 days imprison ment. The commercial arbitration, Mr. T. Morrow v. Messrs. Buss and Co., of Bundaberg, was concluded at that town ou Tuesday. Mr. H. Peitzcker was arbitrator for Mr. Morrow, aud Mr. Pile, manager of the Bank of N.S.W., for Messrs. Buss aud Co. Considerable evidence, oral and documentary, having been received, the arbitrators referred certain points for the decision of the umpire, Mr. Robert Jones, of Mar3* boi-ough, who will deliver hli award hi a few days. Those who heard Bradbury's sacred cantato 'Esther, the Beautiful Queen,' suug in Maryborough some time ago, will be pleased to know that the same will be sung at the Wesleyan Church on former occasion, the members of the choir, assisted by our best amateur vocalists, will sing, aud the tickets, at 2s a-piece, can be had at the usual places. When the schooner Royal Duke left Maryborough a few days ago with sawn timber and joinery we omitted to state that the latter part of her cargo was the piecework of two composite passenger carnages for the Towusville railway, built by Messrs. G. and E. Negus, who have auother to follow iu about a fort night. The circular which the Wide Bay aud Burnett Pastoral aud Agricultural Society sent round to all persons interested in agriculture in the district will no doubt have the effect of drawing a large body of farmers aud others to the intended con ference at the Council Chambers at 3 p.m. to-day. Hiss Alice Sydney Burvett will leave Brisbane for Maryborough to-day per 'Governor Blackall.' This steamer brings her new grand pianoforte, by Pleyel and Co., which she will use here for her performances on Saturday, Mon day, and Tuesday next. Our Gympie correspondent tele graphed last night that a splendid lot of specimens, containing 300 ozs. of gold, had been brought in from the Ellen Harkins mine, all of which was got in the southern stopes. No. 2 North Lady Mary had struck good gold in the middle reef at a depth of 290 feet in the north drive. Mksshs. Brennan and Geraghty's store was brokeu into on Tuesday uiglit, and as far as is known a quantity of tobacco only was taken. It is needless to say th« bloodhounds are scenting. Mr. W. F. Rankin has been appointed clergyman's churchwarden at the Gran ville Church, iu place of tlie late Mr. W. A. Holme. The following are the acceptors for the Cnulficld Cup :— Commotion, Malua, Plunger, Fryingnau, Sir Modred, Sweet William, Warwick, Chuckster, Ring wood, Despot, Boolka, Duration, Rapid, Anglesey, Capri, The Andes, Colstoun, Hastings, Sir Garnet (Jate The Hebrew), Britisher, Scaramouch, Ironmaster, The Ghost, Salvo, Maroney, Claptrap, Baron von Mueller, Conjecture, Ned o' the Hills, Vergy, Comet, Victress, Troy. Yately,' Camerine, Battailous, Blink Bonny, Ironhaud, Bend Or, Morceau, Black Diamond, King of the Gipsies, Rufus. Pagatiini, Plausible, Silver King, Lord Clifden, Privateer, Blgnor, Norfolk, Sirocco, Meteor, Vernet, The Ageut, Lord Wilton, Robert the Devil, Flying Jib, Hebnc, Too Too, T-iaviuRtou, Eskatos, Tomboy, His Worship, Fleurette, Sea Horse, Permit, and Hawthorne. Doonan& HANiyEV, wish to inform the ladies aud public that they have been advised by theiD buyer, Mrs. Doonan, at present in the South, of very large shipments of New and Fashionable GoodB, which will arrive daily. 