CHAPTER IV. THE FOBTUNE-TEIiLEE OF MOUNT BOBAN. The hut is high up on a spur of Great Mount Roban in a sheltered spot nearly hidden by trees and big brown rocke, half covered with green moss and grey lichen ; it was bnilt of heavy timber slabs, and covered by sheets of box baik, both of which showed the weather worn hue of many years. From the front of this hut on the side of the mount one o! the grandest views around Marranga was discernable, and if it had been built for the purpose of espionage, no situ ation could have been better chosen. The township lay under the eye like a green map I dotted with little white cubes that represented I dwellings, and right across the long line of the gleaming creek, past St. Herricks, and np the elope ■where the lone cemetery lay, not a human being could move without being traced from Nan Griffith's hat. The very gully where lay the long-deserted claims was open to the view from that hill home; and as far as the eye could reach— far acrosB the plains bounded by the low, purple-blue hills, one could follow the track along which the coach passed once a day; in Bhort, the eyrie of an eagle was never built in a more commanding and yet retired spot. Two or three days after that on which my story opens, Nan Griffiths was sitting on a block of wood outside the door of the hut, and nnder the heavy shadow of a spreading tree that bent its crooked branches over her un canny- looking figure. She was a veiy old woman, with white hair hanging loosely over her shoulders, and a long oloak that covered her even down to her feet; to this eloak there was a hood that could be drawn at will over her head, and holes, through one of which a skinny hand was passed to grasp a crutched stick. The old creature was tooth less, and her skin was shrivelled up on her face like sun-tanned leather; but the keen dark eyes that sparkled under the long white hairs of her eyebrows were apparently as serviceable as when she was 20 years younger. She was maturing and mnmbljng to her self in a dissatisfied way that made her sharp nose and chin meet in a manner that gave her some resemblance to a bird of prey, when she saw a woman climbing up the track among the trees leading toward the hut. It was a tall, pale-faced woman of aboat thirty five, with dark hair and eyes, and a weary, helpless look in her face that would have won the sympathy of a stranger, but did not seem to be noticed by Nan, who was her mother. 41 What a time you've been! Faugh, the i women there is in these days!" I " I was as quick as I could be," Ellen Griffiths returned, as sbe seated herself wearily sear the hag," and I'm as tired as death." " Death is sever tired, yon fool, and yon always are," Nan growled; " and now yon sit there staring before you without telling me a word; did yon see the ehilcL" " Yes, but I had a rare hunt for him." " Where was he ?" "TJp in the cemetery at the Colonel's gtave." "By himself?" " No, he was with Resignation St. Herriek." The reply seemed to stun the old hag with surprise. With Resignation St. Herriek 1 With her of all the children in the world 1" and then a harsh, ceekling laugh burst from Nan's lips, as she clapped her hands joyfully. " It would be grand," she screeched; " I wish I'd thought of it afore; but there's time enough. I'll make a policeman—a trap of him.' "A policeman I of who?" " Of Dan 1 would it not be grand if he were to trap Colonel St. Herrick's murderer 1 " Ellen looked at her mother with a stony horror, but she said nothing, though the hag went on as though she had. " Oh it's awful isn't it 1 your' mother is a hard-hearted, cruel old woman, that would hunt to death the man yoa loved. Faugh 1 yon white-livered worm, that would turn and lick the hand that struck yon; are you a child of mine at all ? " Ellen was need to such talk, and she said nothing save what was expressed in the worn to death, weary look in her poor white face. " Tell me what you heard, curse you, and don't sit there like a senseless image driving me mad," shouted Nan, as she seized her daughter's arm and shook her violently ; "open your mouth and speak, fool that you are." " What am I to tell about first ? " it " new people at St. Herricks, who are they?—quick." " Their name is Brady, an old mother, two sons, and a daughter. They've taken St. Herricks—rented it of Mr. Pollard." " And is it true that they're going into the old ground again ? " "Yes." The hag gave her daughter another vicious shake, and her sharp, prominent chin worked like the half of a pair of nut-crackers as she shrieked— " 111 throttle you if you don't speak out 1 what has come over you at all fool? Have you seen a ghost—the ghost of Colonel Herriek, eh?" " No, but I have seen a face like Dan liyons." At the reply the. old woman's hand fell from her daughter's arm as she questioned anxiously. " You don't mean that he has come back Ellen?" " No, it waa in a woman's face I saw the likeness, and then ii was. in the eyes only. When I was looking for little Dan I went round by the fence at St. Harrick's, and found a young girl looking over it as if watch ing for some one; it was the daughter of the .Brady's that have taken the place." " Well I you spoke to her of course ? " " Ybb, and got a good deal of news out of her, but before I left her mother came out and oalled her angrily away. It was in Mrs. Brady's eyes I saw Dan Lyons." " It was in your own eyes you saw a fool," said the hag scornfnlly. " Yon think of nothing morning, noon, and night, but that double dyed murderer that left a curse on you and yours. Go on with what you were saying." "She's a young girl, and a silly one, the .Brady girl; but you'll soon see her for your self, for I told her about you, and she's sure to pay you a visit. She thinks of nothing but sweethearts, and her brother has told her that a man is in love with her." " What man ?" "P° y°a remember Tady Connor, mother?" "That Connor that worked in the Gully when the Colonel was killed ?" " The same." " Something is going to happen 1" exclaimed Nan, wildly. "No wonder I dreamed of strange things and saw strange signs 1 Go " When Mrs. Brady called the girl inside I went on toward the cemetery, and I met Connor himself on his way from the Gnliy." " Did he know you, Ellen ?" Yes, at once, and asked me if you were alive yet. He is coming to see you about some dream." " Aye ? he was always a soft fool, but an open-handed one, too, so he's welcome." " Ifl don't mistake, that's he coming up the hill now, mother," said the woman, as Bhe pointed down toward a man who was steadily climbing up the steep path. Yes, it was Tady, in truth, going, r many misgivings, to see once again the fortune-teller of Mount Boban, whom he had more than once consulted in the years gone by; for Tady was one of those not unusual characters in whom are combined deep re ligions convictions and an ignorant belief in supernatural powers and beings, and his ignorant mind was sorely exercised on account of a strange: dream he had had a few nights previous. "How Mr. Leonard would laugh at me," he was sputtering to himself in gasps, as the steepness^ of the hill tried his lungs severely; ■ •" he don't believe in fortune-teller# or witches, or anything, hut vein's believin', an* well I know Nan is % witoh if there was ever one in this world." ~ - When be reached the hot there was no one in front of it, and the door was shut. He knocked a low, respectful knock, and nearly jumped ont of his 8kin as he was bidden by name to enter. " Come in, Tady Connor." "Whataia I frightened of?" he reasoned with himself as he lifted the latch and poshed open the door. " Of course Ellen has come back and tould her ehe seen me.' When he entered the low, dim room, with the clay floor and the emoke-blackened rafters, i he saw that there was a small fire on the ' hearth, bnt no one beside it, and then he : turned at a sound that made him shiver to see Nan Griffiths standing on the threshold of an inner door with a huge black cat at her feet. It was the cat's unearthly " me-a-w!" that bad made Tady shudder from head to foot. " Welcome, Tady Connor," said the hag, as ehe advanced and stood before him, her skinny hand grasping the stick, her low bent form still covered with the long cloak. r The seas have rolled between us for long years, and now they have brought you back again." "They have, ma'am," said Tady, as he made a respectful scrape with his right foot; and I'm glad to see they have left you look ing so hearty." '■ Time makes no cdds tome,' she said, 3s she drew a seat to the table and sat down, while she pointed to another for her visitor. " I'll live until a man dies, and then my work is done. Sit down." Tady would have liked to ask her whose death was to precede her own, but he dare'nt, and waited humbly for the hag to epeak again. " You want to consult me ? " she asked, as she put her shrivelled face so near to him that the fiery little eyes so far back in her head seemed to burn him. " Speak out what it is while the humor's on me." "It's a drame I had, Mrs. Griffiths—a drame that's troublin' me intirely; an' know in* well how "knowledgeable you always wor, I kem to ax you about it." " All right," she replied, as she drew toward her with a skinny paw the coin Tady had laid near her on the table. " Skull, fetch the master's books." " The latter command was addressed to the black cat, who instantly entered the inside chamber and almost instantly returned with a little bag in his mouth, which he deposited on his mistress's lap, taking the opportunity of hiB vicinity to the terrified Irishman to spit and " wa-ow " viciously in his face. '■ Down, Skull," cried Nan to the cat as she opened the bag and drew a pack of dirty cards from it. " Now, Connor, tell me your dream." " It's twice now I've dramed it," he said, turning his face away from the cat, who still glared at him. " I thought, do you see, that I was down in the old shaft at work, and that with every spade I dug I turned up the head of a man. I thought that I always expected a lump of gold, and saw it shinin' as I turned the shovel, but whin it come up it was always the same man's face wid blood on it." " Did you know the face ? " asked the hag solemnly. "Yes, I did." " Whose was it ? " " It was Dan Lyon, the murderer's, face." " Something is going to happen Tady Connor 1" she said, almost repeating the words she had need to her daughter. " The dream was always the same ? " " Always, ma'am." With her jaws munohing and mumbling horribly the fortune-teller spread the cards before her, and with such a keen anxiety in her own repellant and withered face, that it was evident she possessed some belief in the art she practised. Unconsciously to himself, the little Irishman had uttered the one name in the whole world that had power to excite her worst passions, for there are far worse passions than the reigning one of Nan Griffith's, which was cupidity. I "What man is plotting against you?" she asked him suddenly, as he anxiously watched her face while she scanned the cards. "You have been speaking to him lately, though you have not touched his hand—who is it ? " and she turned her eyes keenly upon Tady's face. " I don't know, Mrs. Griffiths. I haven't spoke to a soul to-day but my young master, Mr. Leonard Prosser, and I'm sure he'd plot nothing agin his fosterer." " You spoke to no one else ?—mind what you say, Tady Connor." " Be this an' be that! " asseverated Tady, and then he all at once stopped, and with a gasp ejaculated almost in a whisper, " Sure it wouldn't be Father James! " " Who is Father James ?11 Nan asked sus piciously, " and what right have you to be talking of clergymen here ? Why, the very cat knows you have named one—look at himl" In fact the black cat had tnrned toward the terrified Tady, and with every hair on end was me-a-wing and spitting at him. " Spake to him I quiten him for my sake, Mrs. Griffith's 1 sure I meant no harm, and at any rate Father James isn't a priest at all sein' he isn't in orthers now; he's the gentle man that has rented St. Herrick's an' is livin' there wid his family." A sudden remembrance of what her daughter had said about Nora Brady made the old hag grin to herself as she ordered her familiar to retire, and she resumed the read ing of the cards she had laid down. " I can tell you nothing about your dream until you dream it once more," she said, " but beware of a dark man that is plotting against your very life." " How will I find out who ,he is ? " Tady, anxiously. " Through a girl," replied Nan; " a young girl with dark hair that's in love with you." " With me ? It's jokin' you are, ma'm." Don't I look like a woman to joke ? " was the angry retort. 44 There's a girl in love with you, and you'll see her this very day, for she's waiting and watching for you at thin moment; and now go, for I can tell you no more at present. When you dream the third time come to me again." Tady got up, and having uttered his thanks, gladly hastened out of the hut. His super stitious terrors of old Nan and her cat, al though partly overcome by the wonderfully good news she had told him, were yet quite sufficient to render his escape into the pure air of the mountain a pleasant one, and he hastened down its side to be at leisure to think over his unexpected good fortune. Good fortune, indeed, and at last! I think I have told you that Tady Connor had num bered some thirty-five years, and during many lustres of those years it had been his hard fate to have been hopelessly over head and ears in love very many times. Tady's heart was soft, but those of the maidens who Bcorned hiB turned-up nose, his crooked fin gers, and his red hair, were as hard as the nether millstone. In vain had he year after year pictured to himself some lovely inamorato transformed into a loving wife, and called Mrs. Connor. One by one his hopes had been blighted, and his person mocked or laughed at, yet here was a young girl with dark hair in love with him—actually in love with his very self, without being asked or even known at all 1 Delightful thought 1 but there was one drawback—he had a rival, for that was the decision Tady came to regarding the dark man old Nan had declared to be plotting against him, and warned him against. " Of coorse it's soine chap that she won't look at on account of her love for me, the darlin' 1" he soliloquised. "I wonther who she is at all, at all? but, sore, I'll know Boon, for I'm to see her this very day," and poor Tady, believing in Nan Griffiths with all hia little heart, went down Ibn hill rejoicing and lookirg all around hini "or a sight of the girl who at last had been the one ta appreciate the hitherto despised little man. " Maybe she's behind some of the bashes or rocks watchin' me the ccathur," he murmured with a fond smile, as he took off hia hat and arranged his red, stiff locks. " It's well I pat on me new coat, though 'twas for old Nan I did it. She was ever an always very particu lar," and he squared round his funny little person to look at his heels, as he gave the ad mired blue coat with the brass buttons a vigorous tug behind to make it hang more gracefully. He had to pass St. Herrick's on his way to -the township—doubtless the cunning hag he had just left had calculated on that fact, and also another fact, the latter being that Nora Brady was again standing at the fence under the trees, watching and waiting for the sweet heart her brother had promised her, little thinking what events would follow from the effects of bis silly fun ax the expense of Nora's well-known vanity and weakness for the op posite sex. She had seen Tady climbing up tbe hill path, and now watched his return with a beating heart and a conscious smile on her coarse, rosy face. St. Herrick's had, as we know, an interest fo; Connor that Nora did not guess at, and for a moment, as he passed it, he forgot the for tune teller's prediction and thought of the murdered man whom everyone had loved. In the very middle of these sad thoughts, how ever, he heard a slight cough, and with a sud den return of his warm admiration of his un known inamorato's taste, he stopped and turned in the direction of the " ahem." Had there been an observer of the meeting between Nora and Tady he must certainly have been an amused one. The girl was craning her neck over the fence in trying to follow with her eyes Tady's passing form, when at her cough he turned suddenly and stopped, then shs drew her big head back and giggled. Tady struck an attitude, an attitude so ludicrous and comical that nothing but the girl's exaggerated self-conceit prevented her from observing its true nature, but as it was she saw nothing save unbounded admiration of her over decorated self, and was immensely delighted, so with the envious fence only be tween them Tady grinned from ear to ear, and fell awkwardly upon his knees on the damp grass, under the thick tree* that protruded their great branches over the dilapidated fence. " Are you Tady Connor ? " simpered silly Nora, as she scanned her lover's rather sin gular proportions lavishly displayed by his sprawl upon the grass. " I am, mavourneen, I am that happy man," cried Tady. " What makes you so happy ?" " Because at last I see the beauty an' the darlin' of the wide world here forenint me this blessed day." "He-he-he 1" He-he-he wasn't much, but, with the ac companying leer from Nora's small, heavy eyes, it expressed great encouragement to poor Tady. " Arrah, don't be laughin' at me aethore; sure, you'll brak my heart if you do 1" And with a good deal of grunting, Tady struggled to his knees, and ventured nearer to the fence. " I'm not laughiiig at you. How did you know I was here?" Nora asked, as she ar ranged her ribbons and cheap ornaments pretty much as Tady had arranged the tail of his coat a little previously. " Nan tould me agra, an' sure it was meself that a'most flew down the hill to come to ye," replied Tady, but he was wondering all the time who told the girl his name; and then deciding it was that dangerous dark man wno was plotting against him, he determined to ask her at once. " I say, agra, who was it tould you me name ?" " Conn did," and as Nora went on, he was muttering, almost audibly, " D Conn, who ever he is." " But who is this Nan you are talking about ? Is she you're sister ?" " God forbid!" and Tady crossed himself devoutly, " arrah no, asthore, she's an ould woman that has lived up on Mount Boban these twenty years, an' she's a fortune teller." The latter words were uttered in a whisper, that necessitated Tady's monkey- like face being protruded over the fence in dangerous proximity to that of the .delighted Nora, who was, however, woman enough to affect a pru dery she was far from experiencing. " Go away with you—it's a shame for you, j and if mother or Conn was to see you, both of us would be killed." " Divila care I care 1 Who's Conn ?" asked Connor, with a scornful twist of his ugly nose at the mention of a name he had identified as a fancied rival. "I'd be sorry to vex the mother ov me darlin' girl, but as for Conn—to the divil wid him, I say ! Who is he, at all, at all ?" " Conn is my brother, didn't you know that ? I've two brothere, you know, Conn and Jamss, Father James, they call him now." " Oh, Lord! is Father James a brother of yours? But afther all, why should we be afraid of him or any one ? I'll keep company wid no dacent girl except for dacency, and sure he could marry us if he was agreeable." " Marry us," repeated Nora, with a giggle again, at the idea of this ardent wooing. " 'Tis early in the day to be talking of marry ing when I've only seen you a minute or two ago; and besides, James couldn't marry us, for he's not in orders." "Oh, I forgot, he tould me so himself agra; but never mind, when we makes up. our minds we can aisy find a priest to tie us together for a happy life. Who's that9 " That was someone shouting shrilly " Nora 1 Nora 1" in the direction of this house. " 'Tis me mother 1 I must go or she'll kill me." " Stop one minnit ashtore. Whin'll I see you agin? Tell me quick now before you go. Sure I'll be thinkin' it months till I see your beweheful eyes an' your darlin' face again." " I don't know, I'm often'here at the fence, and if you'll whistle I can come mostly any time in the evenin'." " Oh, the lovely crathur!" murmured Tady, as he gripped the top rail of the fence and stared after the quickly retreating figure of his fat inamorata. " Isn't she the darlin' of the world to take a fancy to me in this way, an' not a sowl to care for me in this wide world but Mr. Leonard ?" and the name re minded him that he had better not keep his young master ignorant of his whereabouts much longer, so he tore himself away and made for the township. 