BREAM CREEK. A welcome downpour of rain set in on Thursday night, 7th inst., and continued steadily all night, and again on Friday it rained heavily all day. For a long time past the farmers have been working under many difficulties, so much, that in many places ploughing and sowing had to be abandoned through want of rain to soften the ground, Such a dry season had not been experienced here for many years Tortu namely the rain, though late in the season, will eau to vegetation for the stock to spring quickly up The lambing' season has commenced, and is, in many places, very forward On Mr. .) John Allanby's estate, Woodlands, there is an exceptionally large average up to the present. Mr. Allanby has an average of 125 per cent, exclusive of all losses Fro quently some of Mr. Allanby's choice ewes produced four lambs, while very many of them have three Of course, I am now speaking of those sheep which are purposely set apart for breeding purposes and of which Mr Allanby devotes strict attention to finding, as he always does in the end, that he is well repaid Mr. A Brown also has an exceedingly nice lot of lambs, though his average is not so large as that of Woodlands, nevertheless when finding their way into the the Sorell in to go to his quality is indisputable. With beef, pork, and mutton, Mr. A. Brown holds the palm 1 A rather amusing incident has happened in this locality. It appears that two youths a few nights back received a severe fright, After tea they retired to an outbuilding some few yards distance from their employer's residence '' The building consists of two rooms, each room having a separate entrance. They went to bed in one room; and about 2 o'clock were awoke by a somewhat peculiar sound. Taken, in the other room, fears were excited to such an extent that, fearing the visit of ghost or goblin, they at once evacuated their position and hastily made off' for the barn some a short distance away, leaving bedclothes and wearing apparel, behind, They soon found that it was only out of the fryingpan into the fire, and that if they ran the risk of being frightened to death in the one case, they also stood a good chance to perish from cold in the other. They suffered'on'till morning, and at breakfast time the mystery was revealed. Their master noticing the lads looking very ill, enquired what was amiss, and on being told that they had heard a ghost in the adjoining room to where they had slept, who after breakfast made search, and found that, the room had been entered during the night, and a quantity of meat had been stolen. Had the lads repossessed between them even half an ounce of courage, t they could have locked the thief up in the room from the outside door, and in two minutes acquainted their master of their capture. The police have the matter in hand, but as yet do not appear to have any clue to the thief. .....' A rumour is in wide circulation here that Mr. Howard, of Hobart, will be a great loser by the present telegraph line under construction here. The contractors when first taking the line from the Government, induced Mr Howard to lend them some money to start the work with. The request was granted, and after obtaining a a considerable sum the contractors disappeared, leaving Mr. Howard to carry out the construction himself. The work is completed within a mile of Mr. Scrimger'a Hotel, and Mr. Howard has also commenced the line at Coppington, and intends carrying it on to East Bay Neck, so that in a short time we trust the line will be finished, and the public reaping the benefit of it A few days back I noticed in your travel- ing correspondent's latter some erroneous information, and I have been requested to refer to it. It refers to some land adjoining the Ragged Tier. Your correspondents, that when at German Park his attention was directed to a large extent of land lying across, the bills towards the bluff, which he was told was equal to that of the Ragged Tiara. This is, indeed, news to all who live here, and if those of German Park will kindly show me such land, I will guarantee the Government a sale of five thousand acres In less than six months. True there is a large quantity of fair land, and no doubt some day much of it will be taken up, but as regards the quality being equal to that of the Tiers is altogether a mistake. Such cannot be found in this locality. { Our footballers opened the season last Saturday by playing a match with Sorell. The game throughout was very rough, and very little opportunity waBgivenduring the match to mention any distinguished honours gained with regard to their play. Some of the Sorell men appeared to think it more desirable to go for the man than for the ball, which certainly is a great mistake. In the majority of cases It not only tends to make the game very unsociable, but roast of a deal of the interest which otherwise would be taken in it. As the result of the match has already appeared in print further com- ment would be unnecessary, further to than add that the dispute as to the decisions of the umpire arose from the Sorell side, and was uncalled for. Our men will meet the Wattle Hill Club on the Bream Creek ground next Saturday, when we anticipate a friendly Kamo. " I Mr. Bourdillon, inspector of ; public schools, who of late has taken the place of Mr. Dorman, has been on a visit to this locality, i On Thursday he held an examination at the Bream Creek school, and then proceeded to Kellevie with the intent tion of holding an examination those on the following day at 10 o'clock, but; was prevented from doing so by the in clemency of the weather, much to the disappointment of those concerned. Mr. Bonar dillon intends making a special visit to the Kellevie school, when we trust the weather will be more favourable, and that he will have a good attendance of children. At present the average attending the school is really good. Eighty scholars appear on the books with some days an attendance of over 60\. Since Mr. Miller has taken charge of our school, the average has been yearly increasing, notwithstanding that several of the scholars have left the school quite content with the education they had received. How Mr., Miller contrives to stow away 60 children in so small aroomas the KellovieBchool room, must have been quite a mystery to Mr.'Buoriillon. In one of my previous letters to you, I maintained that Mr, Thos. Dunbabin, chairman of the Bream Creek Local Board, had instructed Mr. Robinson in-, spector of public works, to examine the school with regard to repairing it. I should have stated that Mr Robinson was instructed by the central board, instead of by Mr. Thos. Dunbabin, as chairman of the local board. . j August 13. 1 