THE SECRET OF BERYL MANSIONS. L Had I been my own master at that time and able to do as I liked in the affair the probability is that I should never hare taken up my residence in Beryl Mansion. As matters were, however, I Lad no choice. My Uncle Tobias was at the trouble of engaging the rooms for me, as he was also at the expense of furnish- ing them. After that, of coarse, nothing could be said, more especially as it was owing to his influence that had obtained the situation to which I had jnst been appointed in a well-known London bank. But, indeed, I found my rooms in Beryl Mansions far more tolerable than at one time I had thought possible. In the first place they were central, in the second they were quiet, and in the third place I could go in and ont as I pleased without being interfered with by any one. Beryl Mansions were situated in a narrow street which formed an artery between two other streets running from the Strand to the river, which, at the time of which I write, was still without its Embankment. The Mansions formed a cul-de-sac, and reached from the street through a covered gateway which bore on its front, deeply cut iu the. stonework, the date 1717. The houses were sub stantial, well built, and dated- Lack to about the same period as the gateway. There was an air of decayed gentility about them, as though tbey had seen better days. They were let ont in floors to different occupants, I, Edward Dims- dale, being the tenant of two rooms on the first floor of No. 3 — the third house on the left as yoa entered from the street. The custodian, rent- collector, and general factotum for ail matters relating to the Mansions was a round, rosy elderly man named Daniel Ivy. It was from Mm that before long I came to know nearly ail he conld tell me abont my neighbours aud fellow- lodgers. In every case the ground floors of the houses were rented as offices of one kind or other, and were consequently occupied during the daytime ; Ivy and his wife tenanted two or three small roomB in the gateway it self. The other occupants of theMansions, those who slept there and made their homes there, consisted of men of various ages and different occupations, as was to be expected among a handful of in dividuals brought together as neighbours by sheer accident in the heart of a great city. 'You are our youngest lodger, Mr. Dimsdale,' said Ivy to me one day ; ' and we have only one lady living in the Mansions, and she's a foreigner.' 1 And who is she !' ' Her name's Ma'amselle Latonr, and she lives with her father on the first floor of No. 2 —the house next yours, sir. A sallow-faced young lady, not very hand some, but very ladylike and civil.' 'And Mademoiselle Latour'a father ?' I said, questioningly, ' What is he, you mean, sir ? That's just more than I can make ont,' respon ded Ivy. 'He puzzles me, and it isn't often I'm puzzled about any of my loagers. And between me and you sir I can t say I like Monslenr Latonr over much ; what's more, my missis don't like Mm. He's too sly, sir, coming in and going out at all houra of the day and night, sometimes dressed like a regular lord, at other times like a common work ing man, in a suit of clothes I wouldn't give half-a-sovereign for. Curious, sir, I take it?' - ' Very curious, indeed, Ivy. I presume that Monsieur Latour'a daughter does not keep these strange hoars ?' ' Wet or fine, every day bnt Sanday, Ma'amselle leaves the house at half past ten to the minute, and every evening she gets back by six. Me and missis have put it down that she goes out as gover ness — teaching mnsic or French, maybe. Ma'amselle's right enough, sir, and, ss I said before, she's remarkably civil.' Ivy knocked the ashes ont of his pipe, and then proceeded to refill it. There's Mr. Lydford, now,' he re sumed. ' He has the rooms on the floor above Monsieur and his daughter, and he is what I call a real nice gentleman. You'il know Mm at once when yon see Mm, air. He's getting on for sixty. Tall and thin, has white hair and whiskers, and dresses a little old-fashioned, bnt as nest as a new pin.' ' In some bank or office in the city, probably ?' ' No, sir, as far as I can make ont Mr. Lydford is his own master, and hasn't anything particular to occupy his time with. He is a very bookish man. There are heaps of books in his rooms, and he's always bringing fresh ones home. I tMnk you would like to know Mr. Lyfbrd, sir,' added Daniel, with a sly look at: me. 'Probably. I am a lover of books myself in a small way.' ' I don't mean that, sir. But yon might like to know him because of his pretty niece who comes to see him every two or three months. I shouldn't be a bit em-prised, sir, if yon were to fall head over ears in love the first time yon set eyes on her.' ' But I should be very much surprised myselfj Daniel,' I answered dryly. 'Why don't yon find me aspleassnt a neighbour as Mr. Lydford for the empty rooms, on the floor above mine. It is lonely of a night when no one is in the old house but myself.' Ivy puffed at his pipe in silence. 'Thatfs another queer thing,' he said at last. ' As you say, sir, the rooms overyonrs are empty: for all that they are not to let,' ' Not to let ! How's that ?' Well, sir, they had been standing empty for some time, when one day, about fifteen months since, a gentleman came and looked at them and took them on the spot. The a«M he gave was Sevan, his references were a firm of lawyers in Bedford Row, and he paid me a quarter's rent in advance. JHext day a lot of furniture was sent in, and a few days later Mr. Be van called again. The rooms were not wantedfor himsalJie; said then, bnt .for a ' nephew who. was! about to return from foreign parte. This nephew might arrive any day, or.fflot for a month or two ; in 'any .case, HfeoomB Must be in readiness for him whea hie reached England. And-, now comes -the queer part of the story, sir. Fifteen Months have gone by since, and the nephew has never jrat inan sppeatance to this day. Therooms WbtilllockeS np and empty.' s f ' 'Have you not seen anything of Mr. Bevan in the interim V ' Yes, sir, he has called three or four times. It was in April when I saw faim last He looked over the rooms as he always does. And when I asked when we might expect the gentleman, he said matters of business had detained Mm longer than he expected ; that was all the answer I got, and it's pretty much the same answer that he's given me before. The rent's always paid a quarter in advance; my missis opeos the windows and dusts out the room once a month, and then the keys are hong on the nail again over my fireplace, ready to be handed to the traveller whenever he may come for thein either by day or by night' Somehow after the date of my gossip with Daniel Ivy I no longer seemed to feel myBalf so mnch a stranger in Beryl Mansions as before. I began to regard the dingy old houses with different eyes. The elements of mystery and romance were abont me, even among those grimy wails ; as they are abont each and all of ns if we only know where to look for them. n. It was not long after this that I saw Mr. Lydford for the first time. Daniel Ivy's description of him was fairly accurate. He was tall and thin and stooped a little, as many bookish men do. He wore an air of abstraction as he threaded his way through thegtreets as tbongh he were cogitating over some abstruse idea, or working out some diffi cult problem. But he looked a man whose acquaintance I should like to make. Mademoiselle Latonr I also saw, and that before many days were over. She was a thorough Frenchwoman in dress, style, and carriage, from the artificial rosebuds in her neat little bonnet to the tips of her dainty boots. You may Any day see in Paris a hundred women like her, even to the high cheek bones; the sallow complexion, and the beady, qnick- glancing black eyes. The expression of her face was by no means an unpleasant one, especially when she smiled and showed those perfect teeth of hers ; and when she had discovered that I was a denizen of Beryl Mansions, and her next- door neighbonr, die always favoured me with a smile and a little nod when we passed each other ; In return for which I lifted my hat as politely aa would one of her own countrymen. Of Monsieur Latour I saw nothing for several weeks, bat his comings and goings were so erratic and uncertain that it was scarcely to be wondered at. When I did eee him I was not prepossessed in his favour. The honest, homely instinct of Daniel Ivy and his wife had not been far from the mark, or so it seemed to ma The expression of his dose-shaven face, taken in conjunction with that of his eyes, gave one the impression of a man who was cruel, cold, and hard, down to the veiy foundations of his being. No : the less I saw of Monsieur Latour in the future, the better I should be pleased. Summer gave place to autamn and that in tarn began to fade into winter, and still the rooms over mine remained silent and tenantless. Mr. Bevan's nephew did not coma I wished he wonld. As the nights of tne coming winter grew longer, cue oia house of which I was the solitary tenant after dark, grew more weird, gloomy, and ghostlike. Those midnights in my room were very lonely when the fire had burnt low, and all outside sounds had- died away. I wonld have given mnch to hear a footstep on the stairs; or to know that in the rooms above or below there was one human being either awake or asleep. It was abont the middle of November when one night I sat alone in my room aa nsual The fire was nearly out, the clock on the chimney- pieoe was on the stroke of one, I bad done reading and was smoking a last pipe before going to bed. I was gazing, dreamily iato the dying embers and calling up home scenes of long ago, and the faces of dear ones far away, when suddenly I was startled into the most vivid life by the sound of footsteps in the room immediately above. I sprang to my feet. I all but dropped my meerschaum in sheet amazement as I listened. Tea, there could be no mistake; For the second time the footsteps crossed and re-crossed the floor, then there was a sound as though a heavy chair or other piece of furniture was being moved, and then ail grew silent again. He is come at last;' I said gaily to myself. 'And I am glad of it.' An event eo important necessitated an extra pipa As I smoked it the thonght all at once strnckme that I did not hear him arriva £ had certainly not been asleep or even dozing. Assuming that he had brought no luggage with him, it was strange that I had not heard htm ascend the stairs, pass my door, and mount to the floor abova But no sound had broken the silence of the house, until that of the footsteps overhead. The more I -thought abont It the lees I conld ac count for the mystery. I sat puzzling my brains till past two o'clock; bat did not hear the footsteps again. The silence remain ed as unbroken as thoneh the third- floor tenant was stUl thousands of miles across the sea. More than once I asked myself whether it was possible that my ears had decayed me — whether the sounds I had heard had any existence other than in my own imagina tion. Bat they had been too real:. and when I at length turned into bedcit' was in the firm belief that the old house had found another tenant at last; the mystery of whose silent arrival wordd be solved in the morning. I popped my head into Ivy's little room on my way to business. ' So the long-looked for one has come at last, I raid. ' Ton ' were very sly abont it, Ivy. Not a word, not a Mnt even, when I saw yon last evening Daniel Ivy looked op and staled at me with an nnmistakable air of bewilder ment. J most be doll this morning,, sir,' he replied, ' for I don't in the least know whst you -mean.' \- 'Nothing very particular; Daniel. I only thonght you might have told me yon were expecting Mr. Bram'a nephew laist nj&bt; . " 'But l wasn't expecting him dr. And what's more, if I had been exptoting him, he -didn't coma':' .w J- :: % i ' Not come,' I exclaimed. . ' What do yon mean f He ' was walking about his room at one o'clock this morning.' : 5 Daniel looked t me asif he .thought I had taken leave of my senses. -'Dp yon see 4h»V dr f - hoMked.-pdlnting to toy whlfowashanfng brer thy chimney-piece, ' Without that key no- body conld get into the rooms over yonrs : unless they broke open the door. TMs staggered me a little, bat I was not going to give in. ' Key or no key,' I said positively, 'there was certainly some one walking abont the room at one o'clock this morning.' At this juncture Mrs. Ivy called to her husband. I looked at my watcb, found that I was late, and hurried off without farther delay. When I returned home in the after noon I kept ont of Ivy's way. The second night would surely prove whether I was right or wrong. And yet the more I thought of the matter the more impassible it seemed that I conld be in the right when I had seen the key of the room hanging on the nail, undisturbed. Evening deepened into night, the outside noises gradually died away, and except for the feint rumble of a passing vehicle, or the hollow echo of a footfall now and again in the paved conrt, profound quietude reigned over Beryl Mansions. Ten o'clock ; eleven o'clock ; twelve o'clock ; and still the silence in the old house was unbroken. There had been no sound of anyone passing np stairs or down - Tin nninn of dome beino onened or shot ; no footsteps pacing overhead. I began to think that, after all, my imagination most have played me false. But this waiting and watching grew dreary. I stirred np the fire, and put my bachelor's kettle on the hob. The little clock on the chimney-piece struck the half-hoar after midnight. Ah ! as I live, there it is again, just as if it had been waiting for a signal ! The un mistakable tramp of footsteps directly over my head. From side to side they pace slowly and without harry, not once or twice, bnt near upon a dozen times in all : then silence again. What will Daniel say in the morning, I wonder ? After listening for a few minutes longer, I opened my door with as little noise as possible and stole downstairs, and so ont into the open air. Had there been a light in any of Ivy's windows I should at once have summoned that functionary andimparted to Mm my second experience there and then. But all was in darkness. As I stood in the middle of the court my eyes went np instinctively to the orinrinwA nf thn rnniriR ncer mine. There. too, to my intense surprise, I saw that all was dark. I rubbed my eyes and looked again. Not a glimmer of light anywhere except from the window of my own room. The mystery was deepening. The first streaks of dawn were be ginning to broaden in the east before I fell asleep, but not another sonnd of any kind had reached me from the'mysterions stranger. Daniel Ivy was standing in the arch way when I set ont for the bank, as if he were waiting to intercept ma 'Good morning sir,' said he at once : 1 were yon troubled with the footsteps overhead again?' ' Yes, Ivy. I heard the footsteps last night even more plainly than the night before,' was my grave reply. ' As sorely as you are standing there some one was in the room over mine both on Monday and on Tnesday night.' Daniel's jaw dropped; he stared at me with glossy eyes. ' Help us and save ns!' he stammered. 'If what yon say is true, sir, and 1 don t like to doubt yonr word, then the room must be haunted. There's nothing else for it.' I shook my head in silent protest. If the sonnds I had heard were caused by a ghost, it muBt be by a ghost of very substantial build indeed. 'I should rather pat it down to a thief; Ivy, than a ghoBt.' Daniel gave me an injured look. ' Writ one moment, sir,' he said ; and with that he went indoors and returned with the key in his hand. He wonld examine the room there and then, bnt only on condition that I accompanied him. I agreed, and promised not to breathe a word about the affair to his wife. For once in a way I should be half-an-hour late in reaching the bank, but I did not doubt that for once in a way I should be excused. We retraced our steps across the court to No. 3, and began to ascend the stairs. What Daniel -was about to do was obviously not to his liking. Upwards' we went till my door was past, and then higher still till we reached the upper storey and came to a stand at the door of which we carried the key. My pulse beat a little faster than ordinary as we stood there for a few moments waiting tor Ivy to regain his breath. Then at length the key was inserted, the handle turned, and the door flung wide open. The room was in total darkness, and I fancy that we both entered it with some little trepidation. Daniel, however, at once made his way to the window and drew bade a pair of heavy enrfauns, and then proceeded to draw np' the blinds. It at once etrack me that no gleam' of light conld possibly penetrate ontelde a window covered np inside as that one was. The bright morning light came stream ing in. I gazed around with cariosity. The room was' plainly hot comfortably furnished, - without any pretensions to taste or elegance. A horsehair sofa on one side of the fireplace, an easy-chair on the other ; a centre table, a small side board, a tolerably Btbcked bookcase in a recess next the chimney- piece, and a few cane-botfomed chairs. Theroom might have been occupied the previous night, or hot for a year. Bat against the former supposition was to be sat the factthat everything was in what is called 'spplepie order.;' not a chair was out ot its place ; not a iamp or candlestick was anywhere to be seen ; while the fire was laid ready for lighting at a moment's notice. . Exactly as the missis left everything when she was here a fortnight since,' stidDariiel, somewhat reproachfully. There were two doors in the room in addition to' that by which we bad entered. Daniel opened one of them; and I eaw that it led into .another dark room. As before, he ; proceeded to draw back the : heavy cartaiii& The room proved to be a bed-chamber. Tie bed with ite snowy coverlet was there ready for an occupant ; towels, with the mangle creases still in them,layacroas'1hehorse ; on the wash- handstand was an nnnsed cake of soap; ' Nobody heen here jocit lately, I reckon, sir,' remarked Daniel. ' .- Tatting' batk the ' curtains as. he had found them, ivy then opened the door of the sedbnfi inner iwm. This ro om Jacked -both curtalnsand. blind, and was entirely empty, -A-jgtence Around assured me that -noone mould fcavo gained hocess to the roomg fcaWby-. the staircase. Bat I put thsfpmtftioirtoDsuIeL < ' There s no other entrance to tbeee rooms save by the staircase that you come up,' he replied, earnestly. ' Are you satis fied, sir f ' Quite satisfied, Daniel' Without another word, he crossed to the window Bud began to draw down the blind. At that moment my eye was caught by a corner of something white protruding from under the sofa cushion. I lifted the cushion, and fonnd that it was a portion of a newspaper which had apparently been thrust away there ont of sight. I took it np and tamed it over without thinking mnch what I was abont, when my glance fell upon something that startled me as I' had rarely been startled in my life before. The newspaper I held in my hand was only two days old 1 I stared and stared at it again to make certain that my eyes had not deceived me. No, there conld be no mistake aB to the reality. To-day was Wednesday ; the date of the paper was that of the preceding Mon day ; and it was on Monday night I had first heard the footsteps I pat back the newspaper where I fonnd it, jnst as Daniel was drawing the heavy curtains across the window, after which I walked out of the room, and went downstairs deep in thonght gome instinct, some feeling — I hardly know what — impelled me to keep my discovery to myself for a tlma That the room had had a visitant in the dead of night I conld no longer donbt ; at the same time, I was firmly pursuaded that Daniel was altogether innocent of any connivanoe in the affair. What, then, conld be gained by telling him of this discovery ? It wonld only, serve to flatter his nerves more than they were flattered already. At present the secret was my own. I wonld endeavour to fathom it withont help from anyone ; when I should foil in doing so, it would be time enough to seek counsel from othere. But what could the mystery be ? How could the intruder gain access to the rooms ? m. Night after night, morning after morning, I lay awake listening for a repetition of f.TiA onnnd nf t.tia meshiM/inB fvifabng overhead; but time went on till weeks had gone by, and all my listening was still in vain. It was unaccountable. But most things come to 1dm who can afford to wait; and wait I did, night after night, with a sort of grim patience, feeling assured that before i had done with it 1 should fathom the mystery that at present baffled me. And eo, by-end-bye, it fell out that my patience was rewarded. It was a dull and heavy December night, with the soft rain falling silently outside. I had dozed off on the sofa, Bnd had been asleep nearly an hoar, when I awoke suddenly to find that it was past two o'clock, and to hear a slow tramp of footsteps over head. I started to my feet, as wide awake inan instant as ever I had been in my life. I listened, hardly breathing while one might have counted twenty, and still a low psciog overhead went on. Then I crept to the door of my room, opened It noiselessly, and ventured onto the dark landing outside. Here I stood listening again. 1 conld still hear the footsteps, but veiy faintly. Leaving my slippers, I began to climb the stairs one by one, and came to the landing above. Step by Btep I drew closer to the door ot the mysterious room, until my fingers rested lightly on its panels. Not a creak ing of a -boaid, not a sonnd of any kind had betrayed my presence. The darkness was intense. I looked for a thin thread of light shining from nnder the door, hut iu vain. Half-kneeling, I laid my par against the panel of the door. More plainly than ever was now the sonnd of : the pacing footsteps. There was some thing weird abont that measured, muffled ; tread in the locked-np room in the dead waste and middle of the night. I shuddered while I listened. Who was this myBterioos being who obtained access to the room withont anyone knowing how, and who left it after the same unaccount able fashion ? And with what object was he here at all 1 After all my waiting and listening, was I any nearer the heart of the secret than I was the first time the sonnd fell on my startled ears? I had not stirred when the footsteps ceased. The silence that followed was broken, after a few moments; by a low, wailing inarticulate cry — the cry of a soul in despair, if ever I heard ona. Thetn silence again. I waited ionsrer, but the death-like stillness of the old house remained unbroken. Then I crept down to my own room, feeling sad at heart I am afraid that my duties next day received bnt a very divided attention at my bands. My strange experience of the previous night dwelt in my thoughts to the exclusion of almost everything else. It behoved me to do something in the matter, bnt .what that something ought to be I was at a Idas to decide. I had a call to make after leaving the bank in the evening whick took me half a mile or more out of my ordinary way. That off mv mind. I turned into the nearest restaurant to dine, and sat down at the first table .at which there was a vacant chair, a waiter handing me the menu. Having given my otder, I found time to look .about me, and could not help a Utile start of surprise when I saw that my vis-k-viB was none other than my next-door neighbour, Mr. 'Lydford. I. had never spoken to him, and felt sure he did not recognise me, but went quietly on with his dinner, dividing Ms attention between it and a newspaper which he propped np against a decanter dose to his plate. I liked much the expression of his face, and it was probably this which ihdimed me to ask myself, ' Why should I not take Mr. Lydford into my confidence, and crave his advice? He, too, may have heard the footsteps : the locked-np room la only divided from his room by, the thickness of a wall. . The idea commended itself to me as a right thing to da I waited until he Was trifling with Ms cheese and tusks, .and then introduced myself tohim byname aa his next-door neighbour. He held out his band with foe frankness of an elderly man towards one so many years his junior. 1 thonght I knew yonr face, Mr. Dimsdale/ he said, but could 'not 'call to mind where I had seen it. l am'pleased to make your ac quaintance.' Talking further, it came enfo to the emprise of bo th-of ns, that many years before NLydford had been intimately acquamtecl iritfi ah imple' bfmine; who was since deuL TUsihet at ohbe 'pht me at my ease with respect to what I wanted to tell him. ' May 1 ask whether yon are aware that the rooms next those occupied by you — that la to say, the rooms on the same floor, but in the next house — the house in which I live — were let, and famished ready for occupation, some eighteen months ago ?' I said abruptly. 'The person for whom they were engaged has hitherto failed to put in an appearance, and they have remained locked np from that time to this. Rather curious, is it not r He was balancing a cheese-knife ab sently between his thumb and finger when I began to speak, bnt he pat it down at once, and turned his dark keen eyes fall apan me. For a moment or two he seemed to be pondering my question. Then he answered slowly : 'As yon say, Mr. Dimsdale, it it rather curious ; hut London is a place where many carious things happen.' ' But I have not yet mentioned the strangest part of the affair. ' Indeed ! What is that ?' So I told him everything, as I have told it here. No one conld have listened more attentively than he. 'And now you ask me for my advice in the matter, he said, when I had done. ' I do,' I replied, ' if you will kindly give it me. ffle responsibility seems to me one -that ought to be shared with others.' He smiled a little at this. ' Possibly you overrate the responsibility, Mr. Dimsdale. In any case, my advice is, that yon take no definite action of any kind for the present Wait and see what farther comes of the affair. It is seldom well to mix yourself up in business that does not really concern yon. Let the mysterious footsteps come or go : what matters it to yon ? There are secrets on every side of you, if you only knew it, and tMs is only one more added to the nnmber.' I had asked Mr. Lydford for his advice; and I felt bound to abide by it Under the circumstances it was possibly the best that conld be given, yet it was not quite what I had hoped for. Mr. Lydford turned the subject by calling for a bottle of wine, telling me that we must drink a glass together to the memory of his old friend, my ancle George. One question, sir/ I whispered when the waiter had gone for the wine. ' As yon have not said so, I presume that you never heard any sonnd of footsteps in the room next yonrs ¥ Mr. Lydford shook his head. ' I have the misfortune to be Blightly dea' he replied. ' Such a noise as the one yon have spoken about wonld never be heard by me,' IV. It was on the third afternoon after my interview with Mr. Lydford that we met again. I was turning the corner of a afreet not far from home when I felt someone tap me on the shonlder; I looked round, and there was Mr. Lydford, with a young lady on his arm. I felt at once that this was the pretty niece of whom Daniel Ivy had spoken in snch en thusiastic terms. But pretty was hardly the word to apply to her; die was more than that Tall, fair, and stately, with awns 6-Yia aaIahb \t n Btlmmnw Cae in Mill. UIV wutuui VI a Bltuuuos www au wuu light, and a wealth of golden brown hair, Mabel Gilmour seemed tome then, when first she broke upon my vision, as gra cious and beautiful as one of the febled goddesses of old. Bnt what Btrnck me, much, was the strange melancholy that filled her eyes — strange, that is, in one so young — and that gazed outatyoufrom their dark bine depths and that larked like a shadow behind her smiles. There was a Badness, too, abont the lines of her month which caused her to seem older than her years. ' Her life holds some great sorrow,' was my involuntary thonght. Mr. Lydford introduced me. Then he added : ' If yon have nothing better to do this evening, Dimsdale, come to my rooms abont eight, and bring with you that Ante whose dulcet notes I have had the pleasure of listening to more than once. Both Mabel and I play a little, and we may perhaps be able to manage a trio.' Such an Invitation needed no pressing to secure its acceptance, and at five minutes past eight I knocked at Mr. Lydford's door with my flute under my arm. That evening was one of the happiest of my life. Miss Gilmour played the violin and iter nncia the violoncello, and they both played in' a style that put my poor performance to the blush. Two or three times I caught Miss Gilmour's eyes fixed on me with an expression in them I was at a loss to understand. It had nothing to do with the music ; I felt sore of that. The look was rather one of quiet scrutiny, as though I interested her in some way to me unknown, and she was endeavouring to arrive at some conclusion respecting me in her own mind. I was not idiot enough to think her interest in me had its origin in any other feeling than curiosity. With me it might be, and vxta, a case of love at first right ; bnt something seemed to tell me that Miss Gilmour had far more eenous oojects tnan love-ma&ing; wnere- with to occupy her thoughts. When the evening came to an end, we shook hands and bade each other good bye till our next meeting, which, as Mr. Lydford said, wonld probably not be for a couple of months at the soonest 'Bnt I promise yon this; .Dimsdale,' he added, ' that when Mabel is next In town and has an evening to spare, I will let yon know, and then if you and yonr Ante do not join us, it will be yonr own fault' All my dreams that night were of those deep blue eyes, that with all their sadness were yet so beautiful. Under the influence of this newer and sweeter influence which had crept thus unexpectedly into my life it seemed only natural that the morbid fancies, as to the mysterious noises in the room over mine, should fell to occupy my thoughts so frequently as heretofore. But glad though I should have been to forget all about them, it was not fated that I should be allowed to do so. One morning, about a week later, I fonnd a letter on mytabla; addressed in an unknown hand. The writing being evidently that of a lady, I opened it with a feeling of curiosity. The contents, however, proved etartUrig enough to .turn mymild curiosity into foil-eyed wonder. Here is what was written :— 'Sir, — It having rinse to the knowledge of the writer that you have been disturbed at various times by hearing strange noises at midnight in the empty rooms above those occupied by yourself, for which you are unable to account ; and that you have spoken to different individuals respecting foe noises In question, and are endeavour ing to trace the origin of them, yon are hereby most earnestly requested and entreated to proceed no farther in the matter. Yon will, the writer feels asBored not fell to accede to tins request, when yon are told a family secret ot a most painful kind, involving the happiness of several lonooent people, depends upon your absolute silence in the affair. In dne tlma all ahall ba revealed to von— -what to you at present seems so' unaccount able shall be frilly explained. Meanwhile, the writer relies upon yonr kindness of heart and honour aB a gentleman to keep inviolate the trust wMch is placed with implicit confidence in yonr hands.' There was not any signature to the document, or anything to give a clue to the unknown correspondent. The first thing I did after, recovering from my surprise; was to endeavour to call to mind how many people in all I had told about the footsteps. Beyond Mr. Lyd ford and Daniel Ivy, I conld remember but two. One of them was young Macintosh, s fellow clerk, and the other, an old mend from tne country wno called upon me at my rooms, and with whom I went one night to the theatre. From which of these four persons could the writer of foe letter have derived his or her information? Not from Mr. Lydford certainly, I derided withont a . momenfsheritation. Perhaps not directly from anyone of them,bntfromsomeother person at second or third hand to. whom the circumstance had been told as some thing notions and ont of the common. In any case, it was a point, respecting which ail foe speculation in the world was scarcely likely to land me at any definite result. I wonld have liked to lay my strange communication before Mr. Lyd ford and ask his opinion with respect to it; but foe terms in which It.was written, if I made np my mind to cany ont the wishes of foe writer, were such as left me no option in foe matter.' I felt that the trust thus Imposed upon me was a Bacred one, aud that, hewever muchmy cariosity might be excited, the secret must be kept. Upon reaching home two days later, I found a brier note from sir. Jjyaiora, asking me to look in upon him as early as possible. I harried off at once. As I ascended foe stairs M. Latonr was coming down. He raised Ms hat and stood aside for a moment to let me pass. ' Good evening, sir/ he said, with that detestable smile of Ms wMch displayed foe range of his sharp, wMte, wolfish- looking teeth. I mattered something in reply and hurried past him, taking two stairs at a time. Knocking at Mr. Lyd ford's door, I turned the handle and went in. Mr. Lydford came out of his bed room ; he had his coat off, and was washing his hands ' Sit down ; I will be with yon in two minutes,' he said, In Ma cheery way, aud went back to complete his toilet. I crossed to foe window, bnt there was nothing worth looking at outride; so I sauntered back to foe' fireplace, over which hang a choice etching or two that wonld repay scrutiny. While stand ing thus, my eyes were attracted to foe ridmnev-Diece bv something wMch was lying there. It was a post-letter with the address uppermost. I gave a great start when my eyes fell on it, and then I looked at It a second time more closely than before. The address was in the same hand writing as the mysterious letter I lad received two days before J Again I looked, in order to satisfy myself that I was not mistaken. But that was impossible. There were certain peculiarities in foe caligraphy which proved that both documents had been written by one and foe same person. I stole back to foe window wifoa sort of guilty feeling at heart, as though I bad surprised a secret which it was not intended I should know ; and there Mr. Lydford found me a minute later when he entered the room. It turned out that a ticket had been sent him for foe Opera for that evening; and he thought I might like to make use of it. I did not fell to thank Mm. ' Yon have no time to lose, so I trill not detain you now,' he said: 1 By-foe-bye, I had a letter from Mabel this morning in wMch she desired to be remembered to yon. I hope to see her in town before we are many weeks older.' Having promised to go to the Opera, I went, bnt I am afraid that for once Meyerbeer's dramatic strains fell on un- appreriative ears. Later, when I got to bed, I found Bleep an impossibility. I conld only lie and pnzzle myself over the strange and inexplicable torn that events' were taking. If the letter I hod seen on Mr. Lydford's dumney-piece was from Mabel Gilmour, then was my letter also from her. T. A week or.ten days passed without anything . occurring. Then came an evening, the events of wMch I can never forget. I had been engaged late at foe bank and did not reach home till long put my ttcnnl kftiifr t bama ombh WIUN MV«a. vawnovamjwvMuwMiwQawwu tea, and was lounging in my easy chair over a novel and pipe, when the little clock on my ohimney-piece struck rieven. The night was atill young, and I settled down again with a sense of cosy enjoy ment for two more honrs of undisturbed reading. But I had not turned over more than a couple of leaves when down went novel and pipe on the table; and I sprang to my feet Once more the footsteps were overhead ! It seemed to me that this time I conld distinguish .foe footsteps of more persons than one. Never before had I heard them so plainly. I made a step or two towards the door, and then drew back; remembering the letter and the earnest entreaty conveyed in it The secret was not my secret, and ! had. no right to pry into it . Still, under snch circumstances, it was not possible, to go on reading and -smoking aa if nothing were foe matter— it was not possible to help listening : for what might happen next "What happened next was this : I heard the bdlt of a door shoot lock; mid then I heard footsteps coming .doriy down the dark stairs. I stood immovable, with one hand resting on foe table; staring at foe door. : . Would foe footsteps Istqp at my landing, or wonld tfiey go lower down? They. stopped. Then name a quick, low, impatient knocking, mid be fore myhusky. voice endd ssy.'Gome ip,' foe handle was turned,the door pushed open, and fom&mneflhy; the Uaok arid behind him, stood Mr. Lydford, pale and troubled. One Btep forward I made, and then stood still. 'Yon will I am sure, pardon this in trusion when I tell yoa foe. cause of it/ he began. I am in very great trouble, and I am here to crave yonr assistance.' 'Yon may command my services in any way and e veiy way, Mr. Lydford.' 'I knew it, otherwise I should not be here. At present the moments are too precious to allow of any lengthy explana tions. This; however, I may tell you : in the room above there is one of foe most unhappy brines on foe face of the earth. He is my nephew and Mabel's brother, and he stands accused of a terrible crime of which he is innocent. There is a price eet on Ms capture. That villain Latour has tracked him to my rooms, and has now hurried off to Scot land Yard to fetch the detectives, who will be here In a few minutes. A police man Is Btationed in the court at the foot of my staircase so sb to make sure that no one leaves the honse. All this has just been whispered to me by Latour'a daughter— Heaven reward her for it ! — who refuses all connivance in her father's wicked scheme. What I want yon to do, Dimsdale, is to come to my rooms, and WUBU HSV VtllWIB MSSTB «U ffj nsu UUU JVH there, but not my nephew. For the time being they may arrest yon, believing you to be Julian, but a few mhrotaa will suffice to prove your identify and set yon free. Will yon do me this great service P 1 will/ I replied, although I felt my self to be still almost aB much in foe dark as before; He gripped my hand and his eyes were eloquent with thanks. 1 We have not a moment to lose,' he said. ' Lower yonr lamp and follow me. I hurriedly did as he bade me and followed him upstairs to foe second floor. The door of foe room that for so many months had been to me a veritable chamber of mystery was now open. We went in and at once Mr. Lydford shot foe door, locked it, and took out the key. The room, was lighted by one candle only. On foe sofa reclined a young man, who rose as we went In. He was tall and thin ; ids face was handsome, with a look of Ms- sister in it, bnt prieand worn. His large'dark eyes Bhone with a brilliant feverish light; and his thin wMte hand trembled as it rested on tne table; 'Jnlian, this is Mr. Dimsdale; the friend of whom I spoke to yon,' arid Mr. Lydford. The yonogman bowed gravely, bnt did not answer. ' Yon will remain here for a little while till foe danger is past, bnt not a sound of any kind must betray your presence. Lie on the sofe and do not stir till I come again. Fear not; all will be well.' The young man sat down on the sofa without a word. Mr. Lydford took up the candle and beckoned me to follow Mm. The recess next foe fireplace was fitted np with a tall bookcase. He crossed to this and touched some secret spring. The bookcase foil bock on noiseless hinges and before me stood revealed an opening through foe wall into the next honse; We passed through and I found myself in Mr. Lydford's femillar room. The door was pushed back to its. place, the spring gave a soft click, a case of stuffed birds was wheeled into the recess, and the aeoaration between foe two houses was complete. The mystery of the second floor was a mystery no longer. I started Involuntarily as my eyes fell on the slender black-draped figure of Mabel Gilmour. She was standing at the door that opened on to the landing In foe act of listening. She turned and ex tended to me a hand. A smile that had tears in It flitted like a gleam of April sunshine across her face. How careworn and heart-weary, bnt yet how beautiful she looked ! ' I frit sure that we might depend on yon,' ehe said, and her voice was charged with ' a pathos that touched me to the quick. She went back to foe door and resumed ' her listening attitude. ' Do yon hear anything P Mr. Lydford asked of her; ' No, nothing.' Mr. Lydford turned to me. ' You understand clearly what it is that I wish you to dof 'I think so, rir. When foe officers com6 to arrest your nephew foey will not find him, bnt me.' 'Precisely so. It was dark when Mabel and Julian arrived.' he explained. ' Latour was standing in foe gateway and saw them enter foe house. This is the coat Julian was wearing at the time ; will yon wear it for a little while in place of yonr own ?' 'Certainly. A good thought,' And In a trice I had put myself into Julian's dark grey frock coat in place of my own black one. We were both tell and both foin and foe fit was by no means a bad one. 1 One other point strikes me/ I said. 'Your nephew wears neither beard nor moustache ; I wear both;' Ihad forgotten thai;' groaned Mr. Lydford. Mabel clasped her hands In dismay. 'Five minutes will remedy foe over sight,' I said, 'provided you have a sharp natv ftf aalaflftH '«L ruvAP a.riA on fin ' T I" WWIMMWOV, — VH rather prided myself- in those days on my brown silky beard and moustache, but for Mabel's sake what wotdd I not have sacrificed ? Five minutes later I emerged from Mr. Lydford's bedroom aB dean shaven as the palm of my hand. Mabel first stared at me and then -smiled,. I looked so strange and nnfamllfe» Mr. Lydford nodded approval Dial Is better — much better/ he. said. Upon my word you and Jnlian are not so very mnch unlike;' He drew a little card-table from under foe window to foe middle of foe room. Then he gave me a cigar and bade me light lb. 'Take that chair with yonr back to foe door,' he said as he sat down opposite and dedt out some cards After that fofre was nothing to do but wait No one spoke, .we sat ' with onr hearts in onr months,' as foe saying has it Not a Sonnd came from foe room in foe other house. I conld not help asking myself what must be the thoughts and fBdiagsof foe poor young fellow who was sitting there in attar darkness and alone. What terrible crime was it thathe had been adjudged guilty of ? . A long time it seerned, although in reality it xxudd only iiave been three or four ndnutari before Mabel exclaimed in &haffW;|d>erj;/ 'Yheyare coming! I hear foe aonnfl of footstepa.' .. Bhe quirted foe door, rat down near foe fire,'and'bent -over her embroidery. Mr. Lyjdford and I took up onr cards. I r- Thfo cMM he JMond of heevy loot- 1 \- : set . -j ; - stops ascending the stain. . Nearer and nearer they came, and a moment later . there was a loud, imperative knocking at foe door. At a sign from her uncle, - Mabel crossed foe room and opened foe door. Mr. lydford rose from his chair, his cards In one hand, his meerschaum In the other. Two . bnrly men, in plain clothes, pressed forward, Latonr following close -behind. .' Who are you, sir, and what la the meaning of this intrusion V demanded Mr. Lydford of foe foremost men. .Before there was time to answer, . Latour exclaimed, pointing to me : 'There he is; that is the man you ore looking for.' I had. not risen, bnt had half turned on my chair, and was quietly puffing et my dgar. Two strides brought foe _ leading officer to my ride. ' Julian Gil- monr, yon are my. prisoner,' he said,;, laying his hand on my shoulder. You '. stand charged with foe wilful murder of - Frank Avory at Penley Regis on the 23rd of September, 18—, and I hold a warrant for yonr apprehension/ The second, officer had closed np while the first one was speaking. I caught the gleam of a pair of handcuffs. Latonr, with a face AM AA m akoaf al-Arol tnef ImdMs (lift doorway. ' Ermma me, bnt yon are under soma strange mistake,' I said quietly to foe officer, whose hand was still on my , shonlder. 'My asms is not Gilmour but Dimsdale ; Edward Dimsdale; lam a clerk in the London .arid Dublin Bonk and lodge next door. If yon doubt my word, ask this gentleman,' pointing to Mr. Lydford; then pointing to Latonr, I added, ' or ask that man.' -- When I opened my lips, Latour ' gave a start ; he was now : staring at me as if .he. conld not believe foe evidence nf his eyes; Then officer turned to him. 'Yon hear this gentleman. Is he foe person he says he is, or is he the man we are in search of?' Latour came a few steps nearer and scanned my features closely. 'There is some mistake — some strange mistake,' he. muttered. ' This gentleman Is certainly- Mr. Dimsdale ; only he has shaved off Ms beard and moustache since yesterday/ 'We have nothing to do with the gexmemauB owa ana ewmnawiB, nua the officer, a little contemptuously. ' The print is, is he Julian Gilmour, or is he not ?' ' This is notfoe man I have seen come here , twice,- and whom I now know to be Julian -Gilmour, and that gentleman's nephew/ printing to Mr. Lydford. 'New do LbeUeve it to be foe same man I saw ceme here this evening in company with that young lady. There is some trick here— some cheat ; foey throw foe dart iu your eyes — poof !' Hitherto Mr. Lydford had been still. He now addressed himself to foe officers : 'I -hope you are convinced that this gentleman Is my very good friend and neighbonr, Mr. Dimsdale, and not the unhappy young man yon are In search of. As there seems to be some suspicion of trickery, you had better search foe premises : It will be more satisfactory both to yourselves and to ma My dear,'- turning to Mabel, 'be good enough to light the hand lamp for these gentlemen. Now, Dimsdale, 1 think we may resume outplay.' My cigar had gone out. I went to foe lamp to re-light it, and saw Latour steal ing out of the room. He turned at the doorway, and I caught a momentary glimpse of a white, snarllrg, wolfish face and two wicked eyes foot haunted my dreams afterwards. The officers made a pretence iff search ing the rooms, feeling assured beforehand that their doing so would be without avail. Then foe constable from below was called up, bnt he was most positive in his assertions that no one had entered or left the house while he had been on watch in the court. After this there waa nothing for our friends but to take foeit leave.; foey did so with a few awkward apologies, whioh Mr. Lydford accepted in his most dignified and ceremonious manner. When the last sonnd of their footsteps had died away he rose and grasped me warmly by foe hand. ' Yon have to-night done a servioe that none of us can ever hope .to repay,' he said. ' I thank yon from my heart.' ' And I, too, Mr. Dimsdale,' said Mabel in low, tremulous tones. Then, somehow I found that my other hand had hold of one of hers. Bat her face was hidden on her ancle's shonlder : the overcharged heart had found relief in tears. For upwards of a week Julian Gilmour lay in hiding in Beryl Mansions. There was every reason to believe foe premises were watched both by day and night At length, one evening after dark, he stole out, having disguised himself so aa to look as mnch like Mr. Lydford as possible. He wore a white wig and white whiskers, gold rimmed eye-glasses, and a suit of his uncle's somewhat old-fashioned clothes, and he got clear away. He and Mabel — he would not go withont her — creased from Southampton to Jersey ; foencefoey made their way to St Malo, and then to Bremen, at which port they shipped, under fictitious names for New York direct Julian had a cousin settled in Chicago who was willing to find him a home. : The story Mr. Lydford had to tell me must be given now. Julian Gilmour and Frank Avory had :been drawn together as schoolfellows, and afterwards as young men. In foe conrae of on autumnal walUqgtoar which they were taking together through some of foe lovely sceneiy pf foe western counties, foey found themselves .on a certain evening at foe little town of Fen- ley Regis There happened to be a fair on at foe time, a nnmber of noisy peopl were in foe hotel, and foe two yotuqgmen engaged a . private sitting-room. Here foey dined, and this being foe last nigh t of tour Holiday, tnsy celeDrated tne no- caslon, as young men sometimes will, by drinking more wlnfi titan was good for foem. Later on, they were eeen kanlng bnt of foe window and. anokfogthrir rigore. Bat when foe honse was quiet; and this landlord and his wife were on foe point of retiring for foe night, thay were surprised to hear the Bound nf high words proceeding from them. Although foey could not distinguish clearly what was arid, it was quite evident that the two young gentlemen were in foe midst of violent quarrel Presently, however,foe doori were heard to bang violently, and after foatall was still. - - . Nei£ moro!iig,wa ntithsr of foe young men put in an appearance the landlord himself went ttrtadittenir -when hem horrified to find that one 4f foam had ' -'r ' : . boen nmrdered in the niit and that the , o tiler was nowhere to be found. The two bed -rooms were next each other, and the doors of both opened out of the eitting-room . There were traces of a straggle in Frank Areiy's room, while the poor fellow Isydead on bis bed, stabbed to the heart Such jewellery as he wore was of a valuable description, hot neither that nor his parse had been taken. In Jhli&n; Gilmonr's room the window was found wide open, and, al- fllriflftli litre ren - ne. mL n.. I.K L. -L!- A la Mauugu <U«f AiWpsabB woe A PAL HtllMllll, Ab was evident that the fugitive had taken some portion of its contents with him in his flight There befog no particle of evidence to connect anyone else with the crime, a verdict of Wilful Murder was returned against Julian Gilmour, and a reward wsa offered for his capture. Time passed on, and the tragedy at Penley Regis was three months old when Adrian Gflmoor, married and living In an old manor house in a quiet part of the country, was startled on his way home in the dnskof a winter afternoon by a shabby Bgure, who stepped suddenly from behind tree and confronted him. Tt was his brother Julian. He had been hiding in a wretched garret in the east-end of London, kbere be had stayed till his money was all but exhausted and Mb life of solitary misery endurable no longer. He had now come to crave shelter and conoealment from his brother. Questioned with regard to the events of the night at Penley, he admitted at once that be and Avory had quarrelled — ' ' the first time in onr lives that there was a wrong word between ns.' As to the canse of the quarrel he was somewhat reticent but let it be understood that it concerned a young lady. Feeling too angry to stay and meet his friend at breakfast next morning; he resolved to leave there and then, walk to the nearest railway station, and send for hie knapsack later. Ere many days elapsed, he read the account of the murder, found, to Mb horror, that the crime was laid at his door, and concealed himself Julian fonnd shelter in his brother's house. From his youth upwards his relatives had looked upon him as one who wonld never be particularly robust, either mentally or physically. It wee con sidered a good thing that he had a small fortune of his own, and that no particular necessity existed for him to fight his way in the world. He had lacked the courage to go back and face the charge The evidence against him Beemcd eo over whelmingly strong, that he frit sure he should never be able to prove his innocence. But he could not remain at his brother's hones for ever without the risk of discovery. So another temporary home wae fonnd for him in the house of Mr. Be van, a lrinHmnn of the family. Already his uncle Mr. Lyd- ford, had prepared for biro the hiding- plaoe, the secret of wMch the reader now knows, as a refnge in case of seed. It was qnite by accident that Mr. Lydford hid difiCOVFJflll fllflfe fchflM tlflfl fnTirmvlp been a door of communication between Me rooms and the next house, although it was now papered over and had evi dently not been used for a nnmber of years j and he utilised his discovery. The hidden spring, the bookcase that filled the recess on one ride, and the case of stuffed birds that occupied It on the other, were the work of a man on whose silence and discretion they conld thoroughly rely. A duplicate of the key, in the possession of Daniel Ivy, had not been difficult to obtain. In this room yonng Gilmonr had fonnd refnge on several occasions for one or two nights when passing through London on his way from one place of hiding in the country to another. Bnt now at last, to the infinite relief of all concerned, he had encceeded in placing the ocean between himself and those in search of him. Hie sister ac companied him all the way to Chicago, stayed with him a fortnight, and then returned. When I saw her again she seemed a different bring: The melan choly that had made its home in her beautiful eyes dwelt there no longer, but only a feint ghost of it seen for a moment now and again, to remind one of what had been. The ennshine of her ramie had lost its sadness ; the clonds bad parted and gone; the skies were bine once more ; tile May-time of love was at hand. Before this, M. In tour bad given np the keys of his room into Daniel Ivy's hands, and Beryl Mansions aaw him no more. His profession was that of a spy ; there was no lack of each men in those days, when London Bwarmed with refu gees and the. Omni conspiracy was in process of inenbation. Mr. Lydford always regretted that no opportunity offered iterif for expressing Ms gratitude to Mademoiselle Latonr. She was worthy of a better father. Next Mr. Bevan paid a visit to Daniel Ivy. His nephew, he eaid, had cbenged Mb mind and was not coming to England at all, consequently he had no farther seed far the rooms. With that, he made Darnel a h&ndeome; present, and took hie leave. Close npon that, another tenant left Beryl Mansions : Mr. Lydford. Before he went the secret door was fastened np and papered over, as before, and to this day Daniel has no suspicion of its exis tence. About two yean later a man, who had been condemned to penal servitude for burglary, died in prison. On his death bed be confessed that it was be who bad murdered Frank Avory. While loitering abont the inn on the evening of the feir he had seen Avory open his pnrse, and bad also seen that it contained a consider able sum in gold. There and then he had made np his mind that he wonld make it his. Later on, when all was quiet raid while he was watching the house from behind i hedge, he wae surprised to see a window thrown open, and next moment a yonng men drop from it to the ground, : and walk away. Here wae en op portunity of entering the house made ready to his braid, and he did not fail to avail himself of it Bnt his entrance dis turbed tiie sleeper, who sprang from his bed.' Then ensued a - struggle, the sad reenltof which we know.' Frightened at what he had done, and fancying that he heard footsteps, the murderer harried away withont waiting to eeenre the booty fnr wtririh Im tiA augifirai nn miich. What a happy day Was that which brongfat Julian Gilmonr bade to his native' land, hls'lnDOcence froved to the world! It was on that day i first told Mabel Bat the reader, who bas Madly followed xne time far, mayeafoly he lefttoxtrtagine Wfaat tt was that I hadto triL .V 