FRANCE. ' fFrom onr own Corresoondent. I Paris, February 1. The French Chambers re assembled on the 8th of last month. The great event m the Chamber of Deputies has been the election of the President or Speaker. M. Brisson was re-elected to the Chair, but by only 221 votes in a Chamber comprising 557 Deputies. This is the first time I remember a President of the French, or indeed any other Chamber, t-eing appointed by less than half the number Df members to preside over their proceedings. Ihe* first time M. Brisson was elected he scored nearly 400 votes, and the second time close upon 300. The small number recorded for him this session is due to two causes. Many Deputies were absent, and the friends of the Ministry, though they did not vote against, did not vote for him. It had been supposed that M. Brisson had a fair chance of becoming; M. Gre'vy'a successor as President of the Republic That chance, if it ever existed, has now disappeared, for he is not popular with the Senate, and from what I have stated above it is clear the majority of the.Caainber would not vote for him. Though the Deputies'have now been sitting three weeks, they have performed no useful trork. More than a week has been spent in a desultory debate on the position of the Paris ragpickers and tho workmen out of employment. The Prefect of the Seine at the beginuing of the year issued a decree ordering landlords to have, on and after January 15, a dustbin of a certain form and certain dimensions, which he elaborately described, in the courts of their houses, to receive the sweepings and rubbish of their tenants. The bin was to be emptied every morning into the scavenger's cart when it passed. They were also ordered to separate broken glass and crockery from the rags, bones, torn paper, dust, &c; No more household rubbish was to bo thrown into the streets, as formerly, ? where the diiffonniers, or ragpickers, used to uome and rummage among it. The Prefect's decree thus made destitute at one blow more than 30,000 ragpickers, who had hitherto . earned an average of 2s. Cd. a day by their nocturnal researches. For a fortnight Paris was in a state of violent excitement, the public and the newspapers takiog sides for the ragpickers, who, as a rule, ore a steady, sober, honest class of citizens. To make matters worse, a weakly old chijonnier, aged 73, died suddenly the other day, and his death was absurdly attributed by the | Socialist organs to the Prefect's obnoxious decree. He was followed to the grave by some 3,000 persons, and indignation speeches were made over his tomb, which was heapei ap with magnificent wreaths, garlands, and bouquets. The Royalists in the Chamber felt a sadden interest in the worthy and oppressed ragpickers. In their name, the Duke do Lurochefoucanld Bissacia called Government to account ?' for the tyrannical proceedings of l their representative, M. Poubelle, the ? Prefect of the Seine. Government replied that the Prefect's decree would be so modified as not to take the bread out of the mouths of the chiffonnier8 ; and, indeed, the dustbin ukase has already become nearly a dead letter. But the Prefect's troubles will not end there. Several actions have been brought against him for the illegality of his decree. He has the right to forbid rubbish to bo thrown into the streets ; but it would seem that he has no legal right to dictate to house holders and landlords the manner in which '. they must get rid of their rubbish, or force them to procure recipients of a certain form of determined dimensions, to order them to be painted, galvanized, to have two handles, ' &c;, &c;, as he did in his grandmotherly decree. The poor Prefect, who was merely . following the orders he had receivqd from the Radical majority of the Paris Town Council, ho3 rained a greater dust than he will be able to lay, except by rescinding his ' decree or resigning his office. For the pre sent the ragpickers' grievance has disap- , peaxed. , I cannot say the same for that of the un- employed workmen, whose situation is being turned to account by the Anarchists, Col- lectivists, Possibilists, and other so-called Socialist agitators. On Sunday, the 12th of last month, a meeting was held in a large hall in Paris, at which nearly 3,000 in dividuals, supposed to be artisans out of work, were present. Most of them pretended they were delegates sent by different trade corporations. Shouts of ' Vive l' Inter- - nationale ! A bas la patrie .'' greeted the revolutionary resolutions moved by a Col- lectivist delegate, and the proceedings closed with the singing and dancing of the ' Car magnole,' first heard round the guillotine in the Reign of Terror, Those resolutions amounted to the proposal to summon the Republic and its Directors to open a credit, in the Budget, of l,000,000f., to be distri buted among the unemployed workmen of Paris, the money to be taken out of the public debt.' Prom the cheering which greeted this motion, I fancied it would be voted enthusiastically. But the Chairman of the meeting condemned it as 'Par- liamentary,' and substituted for it a ' Revolutionary' motion, declaring that ' the Revolutionists ought to do everything by then* selves, and at once, acainst the bour oeoisie,' or middle classes. That was carried by acclamation, and with shouts of ' Vive la Commune !' and the meeting dispersed. A few days before that an Anarchist organ, the Republicue Democratique et Sociale, edited by M. Talandier. a Deputy, published an article for which the Public Prosecutor asked the Chamber's permission to begin an action against him — a permission the Chamber has since refused. The article contained, among others, the following passages : — ' The question has been summed up in tho words— property is robbery. We must, sooner or later, put in force against property holders the celebrated formula of the insur gents of 1830-1848— Death to thieves. An execution is necessary; form the platoon. Let us kill our enemy, that be may not kill us. The war of classes has begun ; it is a war to the death. The army of right is weak ; no matter ; science will supply us with weapons ; thanks to chemistry, there is no longer a minority. To ? attain our end, when it is just and great,, every means is legitimate—the pike, the rifle, the dagger, and the mine." An ordinary journalist would be prosecuted, and perhaps punished, for such wicked raving as that, but the vote of the Chamber in Af, Talanaier'a case shows that a Deputy may propagate such ' horrid principles with impunity. It ia not that they do not inspire the Liberal majority with horror, but they cannot distinfnriBh betWeen the liberty and the licence of tho Press, and French Juries are still more in capable of making the distinction. It is to be remarked that the Anarchists and all the other Socialist sects who preach that property is robbery are mo3t anxious to receive a share of that stolen property, for getting that, the receiver is worse than tho . thief. It is also a carious fact that numbers ' of agitators who pretend they represent Paris trades and spout about exterminating the well-to-do classes, overlook the fact that the majority of Paris workmen depend on the wealthy classes for prosperity. When no one has anything worth looking up' the locksmith's occupation will be gone; so will that of the carver, gilder, jeweller, cabinetmakers, ceramists, opera-glass makers, and a dozen other Pans trades, which depend exclusively on the wealthy classes. It is but fair to the mass of Paris working men to state that they have far more common sense and honesty than the sham' artisans who presume to repiesent them at meetings and in noisy street manifestations. Tha$' , there is a crisis just now, as thero has been ' every year since the great Exhibition of 1878, , cannot be denied, but the crisis. is not bo severe as is 'generally pretended, nor is it confined to France. The most terrible' . crisis will come a few years hence, when the craze for building ceases in Paris.1 It is the wild speculation ia',. building that has attracted so . many V ; thonsand workmen to the capital— masons, carpenters, painters, locksmiths, joiners, &e.; The nnmber of houses built decline each year, and a few years hence will stop alto gether, for hundreds' of houses In Paris are standing empty, and the population is not likely to increase ; it is diminishing. rather. What is to become of all the thousands of workmen connected with the building trade, when speculators cease to' build, as they are now doing? That Is a problem worthy of occupying a statesman's ? thoughts. It is in fact -Ae problem of the neartuture for. France. Other French trades,, Paris trades especially, are far from being. ? Erospercms. - -The workmen of other nations ave now acquired taste,, learned designing,, and become acquainted with Paris models. Germany now competes with Paris on her own protmds, and as the rate of wages ie much lower in'reighbourinx countries than in Paris,: those countries actually supply th'js , city.in a measnre .with what used to be called articles de'ParisJ., ;By the Franco-German war.Rrance lost' her prestige, and with her prestige manyof her customers.' The present lookout, therefore, ia a dark one. Unfortunately, neither the French people nor their representatives in the Chamber possess, even the elementary- principles of political economy. With the exception of an enlightened few, Frenchmen suppose it is the business o! ' ~ the State to find a remedy for bad trade and commercial crises. Hence the working men of Paris have peti tioned the Chamber to put an end to the crisis, or give help to the unemployed ; and the Deputies have spent part of last week and most of this vainly debating by what means the State might remove or mitigate the crisis. Xo one seems to reflect that the State is the steward not of Paris alone, but of the whole country. If subsidies are given to. the workmen of Paris, the money will have to come out of the pocket of the fcntire' nation, and the poor agricultural labourer will he taxed to give alma to the skilled Parisian artisan, who for the time being is out of work. The absurdity and injustice ot such a proceeding cannot be brought home to the working men here ; they see only the State, and consider it the first duty of the State to support them in their need, or to find them employment In that respect they are not mere benighted than many of the Deputies, aa appears from the last week's discussions in the Chamber. Several Deputies are in favour of the Govern ment opening State workshops, as if increased production would call forth an increased de mand. Besides, Loui3 Blanc in 1848 tried the experiment of the national workshops, and history tells us with what a deplorable result. The national workmen, being sure of their day's pay, spent their time playing jpitch-and-toss or talking politics. Another Deputy, M. Laisant, proposed as a panacea the voting of a sufficient number of millions to give each workman ten or twenty franca, according to circumstances,' to take his tools and mattress out of pawn. That ingenious plan would have helped the work man to tide over a couple of days, when he would again have had recourse to', the pawnshop. Other plans no Ie33 empirical ?were proposed for the relief of the crisis, bat fortunately the pi an now at the head of the Ministry, M. Jules Ferry, is a sound econo^ mist, and knows what is the proper part for. the State to play in such circum stances as the present. He showed that the crisis is no worse than it was last year and the year before, and sug gested that a Parliamentary Enquiry into the. state of trade throughout the country and into the causes of the decline of trade should be undertaken, after which the Chambers and Government could morepro- fitably discuss the needful remedy. That was the only reasonable conclusion to the long' and desultory debates on which the Chamber has lost so much time. Fashionable Paris has been startled to learn that Garcia, the prince of gamblers in the present century, has become a Trappist monk. This man's career would seem sur prising even in a work of fiction. In the palmy days of Baden-Baden and Hamburg he was. for several years the hero of the roulette table and (rente et quarantt. Hi3 luxurious manner of living, his prodigality, and his follies long supplied subjects of con versation in the Paris drawing-rooms. His challenges to the gaming banks, how he broke them, and the millions he won have became legendary. To oblige him the maxi mum stake at Baden-Baden was raised .from 20,0Q0fr. to 75,000fr., and still he won. But the 'evil day for the Spanish adventurer dawned at length— his star paled, his fabulous luck- changed, and hi3 millions vanished to the last farthing. In less than a week he fell from the rank of a millionaire to the abject position of a beggar. Blanc, the' farmer of the games at Baden-Baden, bestowed on him the alms of a few sove reigns to take him back to Madrid. He dis appeared from society and was forgotten, as many another Paris celebrity had been before him. Nothing he undertook after wards succeeded. He became a croupier in a gambling hell, then a waiter in a cafe, and finally a cabman. After having piled heaps upon heaps of gold he sank into the deepest distress, and was fain to catch at any straw to save him self .from starvation. He was perpetually haunted by the thought of suicide, when the idea occurred to him to confide his moral tor ture to a yeneiable priest, whoseexhortatipn calmed hi3 troubled mind, and induced him to don the monk's coarse gown. He has now become a Trappist, and condemned himself to vigorous abstinence and eternal silence. It would need a keen physiognomist to recog nise in the drugget-clad monk the former supremely elegant viveur, who once fared sumptuously every day- clad in purple and fine linen— a modern Sardanapalus t Garcia, who for many years lived in a whirl of plea sure, on whom so many venal beauties lavished their sweetest smiles, now wanders beneath the_ arches of a cloister, or prays while kneeling on the bare flags of hia cell. At intervals a voice disturbs the silence of the. grave ; it is a brother Trappist, who in passing murmurs the words— ' Brother, we must' die.' Anadventuress, whose career was still more extraordinary than that of Gaicia, and whose notoriety and wealth were even greater than bi3, has just died at Weldeck, in Silesia, in a palace which she had built on the plans of the Paris Tuileries, by Lefuel, the architect who restored the Tuileries. This woman wa3 famous here all through the Empire under the name of Mme. de Palva. Her maiden name was Lachmann. She was of German origin, but born in Moscow, of poor parents. Slie there married a working tailor, Francois Villoing, and by him had a child, but she deserted both, and came to seek her fortune in Paris, aa naturally as the moth flies to the candle. At first fortune was cruel to her ; for she was discovered one December night lying on .the frozen ground in the Champs Elyse'es, faint from hunger and pri vationa. The belated passer-by who picked her tip was the celebrated pianist. Herz. Captivated by her beauty he made ner his mistress, but gave out that she was his wife. She soon became noted as one of the beauties of Paris ; her triumphs made many enemies among her own sex, who sought and dis covered her real social position. Herz, who was received at Court, was weak enough to yield to the importunities of the adven turess, and present her. Her rivals had taken; their measures to humble her. On making her triumphal entry into the Salle de3 Mantebaux, an aide-de-camp approached her and whispered, 'Madame, you have come to the wrong house.' She understood the hint, and beat a precipitate retreat. What she wanted was not only wealth, but consideration and social influence, and, find ing Herz could not give her them, she left him and went to London. There also fortune was cruel to her at her dibut, and her cir cumstances were so reduced that she meditated suicide. Her luck changed at the critical moment. She found wealthy protectors, and in time returned to Paris, enormously rich. She took a splendid mansion, opposite to that of M. Thiers, opened a salon, in which she accumu lated all modern refinement and comfort. In Paris, unfortunately, money purifies every thing, and her salon in a short time came to be one of the mo3t sought after in the capital. The tailor, Villoing, being now dead, hia widow, in June, 1851, married the Portuguese grandee, the Marquis de Pa'iya. It was especially the position of a married woman that she desired; she made small account of the husband. Nor did the Marquis de Pa'iva trouble her long ; after a couple of years he removed himself by blowing out his brains at the foot of tha Arc de Triomphe, not far from the spot where his wife had been picked up by Herz on that bitterly cold December night. Opposite that spot the Marquise de Pa'iva hid had built a superb mansion in fulfilment of a vow she made in those unlikely circumstances, and to that mansion she now removed. Her dinners and receptions were frequented by all Paris celebrities in letters, science, arts, and arms. Among the guests were Emile de Girardin, the Due de Persigny, Paul Delacroix, Emile Auijier, General Fleury, Marquis de la Valette, and even Napoleon III. himself visited the house, tn cognito, to admire the paintings -with which Baudry, Geromc, Cabanel, and oth-sr masters had adorned it. The staircase was of onyx, and quite as much a sensation then aa that of the Grand Onera is now. Her dinners cost her AOOO.OOOf. a year; she Berved straw berries', grapes, and even peaches, to her guest3 in the depth of winter. Those fruits came from her palatial residence of Pontchar train, where Mdlle. de La Vallieri, the mis tress of Louis XIV., had reigned before her. She was prodigiously wealthy, and squan dered bank-notes as it they were mere waste paper, though I know of no charitable dona tion made by her. This magnificence lasted all through the Empire. Shortly before the fall of that; regime, Madame de Palv3 married for the third time, and became the Countess Henckel von Donnersmarck, her husband being a cousin of Bismarck's. When the war of 1S70-71 broke out she left Paris and retired to her private Tnileries at Weldeik, where she has ju3t died at the age of 73, full of days and dishonour. It is fortunate that virtue is Ite own reward, or the career of the adven turess : Lachmann would be a most dis couraging example. In the theatrical world no event of filt rate importance has taken place during the last four weeks. A new work, *y the composer Massenet, has been brought out with fair success at' the Opera Comique. The title is 'Manon,' and the plot is that of the Abbe PreVostfs novel, 'Manqn Lescant,' with the objec tionable portion left out. The music i3 good, and partakes more of the German than the French school. To-night the Italian Opera is bringing out ' Erodlade,' an opera also by Massenet, which has already been played with great success in Brussels, but never before produced in Paris. Last week the Theatre Francaiae gave us 'Smflfc,' a new four-act drama by M. Jean Award. Though acted to perfection by Pebvre, Got, and Mdlle. Keichemberg, the piece bar proved a failure. The plot is both childish and improbable. . An admiral picks up an abandoned infant, Smilis, on a desert coast, - and adopts her for bis daughter. In the second act he marries her, and Smilia 13 ao innocent that she does not know there is any difference between a husband and a father. On the wedding night she takes leave of him saying, 'Good-night, papa.'r Despair and enlightenment of the admiral. In the third act fie discovers that one of his young officers loves his -wife j in fact, the officer tells htm so. In the fourth act he perceives that Smilis Iove3 the youn» officer, and not to be an obstacle to their happiness he poisons -himself. Even the perfection of acting could not Eave such a piece as that on the boards of the Coin&lie; Francaise, and though the actors were warmly applauded, the piece itself was coldly received. The Gaiete* last night brought out a new melodrama 'La Charbonniere,' a piece in eight tableaux, whir h is an average production of its kind, and seems likely to have a pretty long run. The plot is too long and complicated to be told here, Dumaine and Madame Pa3caplay the principal parts with great success. In the world of letters the great event is the election of M. Edmond About as a mem ber of the Academie Francaise, in the room of the late Jules Sandeau. M. About is the author of '* La Grece Contemporaine,' ' La Roi des Montagues,' 'L'Hommea l'Oreille Cass(5e,' ' Madelon,' and many other clever works. He is one of the wittiest and most elegant writers of the day. M. Ostave Feuillet, another novelist and dramatic .author, like M. About, but already a member of the Acaddmie, has just published a new novel — ' La Veuve,' the widow. The plot is simplicity itself. Two boj3 had sworn eternal friendship. When grown up one goe3 into the army, the other into the navy. The naval officer resigns in time and marries. Both friends meet in the Army of the Loire during the Franco-German war. The married man is killed, but before he dies he gives his friend a last message for the wife he adores— that is, to exact from her a promise never to marry again under penalty of seeing hi3 ghost appear to curse her. Naturally the messenger falls in love with the widow, and the widow with him. They are married, but immediately after the ceremony, the bridegroom, seized with re morse, commits suicide on the spot where he exchanged oaths of eternal friendship with the deceased husband. This Btory is, of gourse, inacceptable ; but the progress of passion and the analysis of sentiments are handled with that rare talent which so eminently distinguishes the author of ' M. de Camors,' 'La Petite Contesse,' and a dozen other charming works of fiction. ' La Veuve' is like one of those pictures which we find charming, but of which the subject dis pleases us. It is, nevertheless, a great succes3, ' The world of art has suffered a severe loss by the deaths of M. Augustin Dumont, the great sculptor, and M. Louis Leloir, a talented watercolour painier ; the former was 83, the latter only 40 years of age. It was Dumont who executed th8 statue of Liberty on the Bastille Column, and that of Napoleon I. on the Column Vendome. 