ST. SAvIoun's CATHEDRAL.-Whit Sunday, Juno 1st. Morning service-Opening hymn, 211; Te Deum, Pring in G; Jubilate, Dupuis in C; authem, Come, Holy Ghost, Our Souls Inspire, Attwoud; hymns 245, 395. Evening service-Opening hymn, 246; Magnificat and Nune Dimittis, Ebdou in C; anthem, If Ye Love Me, Keep My Commaudments, Mark; hymns 242, 253. BAzAAn.-The bazaar opened on Tuesday last in aid of the funds of the church at Woodhousolee was closed on Wednesday night. A bruce auction was held during the evening, the proceeds of which, together with the sales offected at the stalls, netted the handsome sum of £100. AeCCIDm T AT FOOTBALL.-- One of the students of St. Patrick's College named NMcNevin met with an accident on Wednesday last whilst playing at foot. ball, which resulted in the dislocation of the clavicle. Dr. Gentle reduced the dislocation, but it is under stood the injured portion of bone will be liable at any time to drop out of position again. Mn. W. H. FsEE?IAN.-The friends of Mr. Free man, manager of the Goulburn branch of the Oriental Bank, who is leaving the district, met yesterday afternoon in the large room of the mechanics' institute, when it was resolved to present Mr. lreeman with an illuminated address and album containing the photos of the subscribers. Mr. Davies and Mr. Riloy were asked to prepare the address, and Mr. Riley was appointed treasurer and Mr. Manfred secretary to the movement. A D.sANynous PLACE. - On Wednesday last William Broughton, an elderly man in the employ of the Goulburu municipal council, fell into a quarry situated at the top of Verser-street and known as Beattio's quarry. Broughton escaped with some severe bruises to his right leg, but it would he well if steps wore taken to protect the place with a fence, otherwise it is probable there will be a serious aect. dent here, as the quarry is very deep, and in wet weather has a quantity of water in it. PanceLs PosT.-Mr. Stuart stated on Thursday in the Assembly that the question of establishing a parcels post had not yet been considered by the government; but in the Amended Postal Bill, now in course of preparation, provision had been made for a parcel post system should it at any time be determined to adopt it. THE TonAcCo LIs?ENs.-There appears, says the S. M. Herald, to be an impression that a publican, by virtue of his license to retail spirituous and fer mentedt liquors, may sell tobacco anl cigars. This, howeover, is a mistake, for publicans, as well as every other person who sells tobacco in any shape or form, must take out the 5/- tobacco license, as pro scribed by the Tobacco Act. NEW COAL AND SHALE MINE.-Messrs. Lemm, T. Spencer and Mc Lean of Goulburn, accompanied by Mr. A. Dunn, Messrs. Webb of Little River, and Mesers. Rixon Brothers of Yadboro, near the Pigeeon house, have recently paid a visit of inspection to the coal and shale mine discovered a short time since at the head of the Clyde River near Milton, and have expressed themselves as well satisfied with the result of the inspection. We have been informed by Mr. Spencer that a meeting was held at Braid- wood on Wednesday last for the purpose of forming a company to work the seams of shale and coal. It was agreed that a limited liability company, to be called the Great Southern Shale and Coal Company, be formed with a capital of £250,000 in £1 shares, to work the mine. Mr. T. Spencer was elected secretary and empowered to employ solicitors to draw up a deed of settlement, &c.; Messrs. T. Spencer, F. Lemm, W. Mc Lean, W. Rixon, and E. Webb were elected provisional directors. When the necessary arrangements are made a number of shares will be offered to the public. Judging by the report of Mr. Norman Taylor, government geologist of Victoria, and from what is stated by persons who have visited the place, as well as from the specimous shown here, it is probable that a com- pany will be soon formed and active operation commenced. We are authorised to state that any bona-fide investors who would like to visit the locality can obtain full particulars from Mr. T. Spencer, the secretary, who will if desired make arrangements for their visiting the mine. The prize-takers at the late pigeon-matches at Yass have contributed a total of £33 4/- to the local hospital. For general debility and prostration Hop Bitters will do wonders. Prove it by trial. See advt. 