COURT OF BANKRUPTCY'. IN CHAMBERS. Monbay, October 13. (Before Honor, Mr Commissioner Whitefoord.) In the adjourned hearing under the 89th Bection of the Bankruptcy Act of George Thomas Wheeler, of Longford, bark contractor. MrR. B., Miller far the trustee (Mr Joseph Hardy). Mr Josiah Powell for Hugh Joeeph Pearce, of Scottsdale, wit ness. Mr G. T. Collins (Douglas and CollinB/, on behalf of the bankrupt Wheeler, was for a short time in attendance. James Steer deposed — I know Mr Hugh Joseph Pearce, of Scottsdale. In Decem ber and January last he had transactions with the building society which I am sec retary of, the Northern Tasmanian Per manent Building Society. I lent him some money in those transactions. In December, 1883, last I lent him £80 10s 6d. On January 28th I gave him a cheque for £42 10s Cd. In October he paid back £40, and November 8th £25. ' , To Mr Miller — The payments were made on loans on mortgage on property at Scottadale. The property consisted erf a shop at Scottsdale, and was subsequently sold subject to the mortgage by Pearce. Pearce only paid £11 19s, which were for legal expenses and repayments. ine property was sold on March 19th to Mr Samuel Hawkes, for about £360. Re-examined — Mr Pearce did not fail to make payments to the society when requested. Mr Miller then at great length laid- the facts ef this case before the Commissioner, which he said was the first of the kind since the new Bankruptcy Act was passed to come before him. He then called. John J. Sale, who deposed he was the -manager of the Uniou -Bank of Aus- tralia. Mr Collins here brought under the notice of tho Commissioner that his learned friend, Mr Miller, could not exa mine the manager of a bank with refe rence to the banking account of a person who was not present. He presumed these proceedings were made under tho 89th section of the Act. ? Mr Miller— No, it is not ; it is merely an application for personal property. Mr Collins aigued that erideuoe of that nature could not be given unless it was material to the issue. \- Mr Sale, iu reply to a question from the Commissioner, said he was not at liberty to give' any evidence in reference to any one's banking account unless ordered by the Court. After a little, further discussion it was decided that the bank books of Pearce should be amended from October, 1883, and handed to the trustee (Mr Hardy). .Joseph Hardy deposed- I am a . store' keeperat.Longford,andtrusteein Wheelerlp estate. It was part of my duty to invests gate Wheeler's accounts, bank book, etc. There is a large monetary deficiency which ii not accounted for by the bankrupt in any way. If the £70 was paid byJ?earce to Wheeler in February for horses the deficiency would be about £150. If it was not paid of course it :W«uld be £80 less. From the 2nd to the 9th Februaiy he received £110 in cash from Mr W. !3. Bell, and fiom the 9th to the end of February he received about £50. Ia Januaiy he also received £7a. Mr Bell was, I believe, the paymaster in all work transactions, m he was the agent of .Messrs.' Gavin, Gibson and Co., of Mel bourne. On the 8th May he (Wheeler) waB using the horses and wagon. To Mr Powell — Januiiy, Februaiy, .and March is the height of the barking season. Pearce had men engaged getting bark iu from several propertie . I have seen the .wagon in question ; it was not a new one, but it was in very geod con dition/ ? . ?Hugh ; Joseph Pearce deposed— I %ent to Scottsdale on- the 10th April, 1882. I there started in the saddlery business at once, and was the only saddler in the district. I did most of my business by cash. I received from July, 1883,- to January, 1884, about £109. Besides that amount, I received about £70 in cash. Towards the end of last year I sold two hones and a cow, which realised £39 in all. I kept my money in the house till I came to town. I started to build a six roomed cottage in November last, which cost me about £200. 1 sold the cottage afterwards for £348. I built another , cottage about May last, which cost me also about the same as the last one. It was with the assistance, of .the ' horses and wagon in question that this last place was built, I borrowed f200 from the Permanent Building So ciety. The wagon in question was .an old one when I first knew it, and was in the family for about 25 years. The horses I value at about £40, if they were put in a sale yard they would not bring that. The harness was in use all last season, and was made about two years ago. The money for the horses and wagon was paid to Wheeler in the presence of a man named Jones, and the receipt was signed by Wheeler. To Mr Miller — I paid £45 for the land long before I started the house. The book produced is no real guide to the business I have done. The material used in my trade I had to purchase. The horses, wagon, etc., were only used for the one load of timber, which was brought from Launceston. Between 1st Decem ber, 1S83, and. 27th March, 1884, I could not say if I deposited any money in the bmk I sold one cottage in May last for £200. Some of the money I placed in the bank, and some I paid away. 'George Thomas Wheeler deposed— I met Pearce in town, and after a con versation about the horses and wagon we went to .Jones' house (father-in-law of Mr Pearce), and there the money was paid. I let Pearce have the horses at a little under what they were worth, and I signed the receipt. With the money I pa-d my men and kept my place on, and used some for travelling expenses. 1 had about ten or a dozen men working for me at one time. The wagon is as old as I am, that is 23 years, aud it has beer botched up from time to time. The horses were of medium size, in fair con dition. The whole lot was not worth more than £70. I paid my men in cheques aid cash. After the counsel had addressed the Commissioner, he decided to reserve his judgment. adjourned for a moktii. The cases Turner v. Jones, and Smiley v. Murray, were, on application, ad journed for a month. When a girl lias lost her spirits she doesn't stand a ghost of a chance. No on6 can reBpectre. 