PAI AAll AM NTA ItY. S THE EAILWAT BILL. The Railway Bill past through its last stage in the Assembly on Wednesday, when it was read a third time and ordered to be sent to the Legislative Council. The occasion was the signalfdr general appla?u?i from both sides of the House, and 'Mr. Gillies took advantage of the opportunity. to thank hon. members for the great con sideration which had been-shown to the measure during its passage through the Houso. THIE LAND BILL. Although the Legislative Couucil de voted the whole of Wednesday's sitting to considering the Land Bill in committee, only eight clauses were dealtwith. About a hundred clauses remain to be considered, in addition to some twenty new clauses proposed by various hen. members. The discussion was mainly on the question whether married women should be allowed to select and become the licensees of gra- ing blocks. Mr. Cuthbert moved an amendment to the effect that no married woman should be allowed to select land unless she had obtained a decree of judical separation. Mr. Sargood announced that the Government members would support the amendment, as the bill originally in troduced by the Government did not con tain any provision for extending to mar ried women the right of taking up grazing blocks. After a long dis cussion, Mr. Cuthbert's amendment was rejected by 15 votes to 13. Mr. Wallace started another debate on the timber question, taling- up his old position that the bill did not suficiently protect existing forests. His, great concern was that the supply of'timber for mining purposes might not be wasted, and with that object in view, proposedto prohibit lessees from from ringing or destroying any timber on their land, except for fencing, building, or domestic purposes. Notwithstanding the fact that this matter was fully discussed on Tuesday evening another couple of hours were given to it last night, and the same ground gone over a second time. Mr. Sargood reiterated the assurance that ample provision was made for the pre servation of timber forests, and eventually the committee rejected Mr. Wallace s amendmenthby IG votes to 8. THE DO AOT, The Minister of Mines moved the second reading of the Dog Bill. The measure leaves the responsibility on the local bodies of enforcing the law, in so far as compelling owners to register their dogs, and owniers of land are allowed to destroy animals trespassing unless in pursuit of game or accompanied by their owner. The schedule varied the registration fee from 20s. for greyhounds to Ss. for watch dogs, and this portion led to the most discussion. Opinions were expressed that in rabbit in fested districts the fee should be reduced to a minimum, and it was also held that the fees on watch dogs were too high. Clauses down to 14 were disposed-of with out any material alteration, and then the time for private members' business having arrived progress was reported. CORRESPOPNDE7CE. It isi to be distinotly understood that we do not in any way identify onurselves with the opinions of our correspondents.] "IZAAK'S GHOST." (TO THE EDITOR OF THE HERALD). Sn,--The ghost of "Izaak', is not laid yet. It appears to be still troubling the sensitive organisms of not a few people, and its ghostly shadows seems have tra. veiled as far as the "city of the plain." At the meeting on Tuesday night last one of the speakers, from that locality gave vent to his feelings in the follwing strain, :; " When I was here last I said several things which gave offence to some people in Colao, and one kind friend put some severe re marks in the pacers about me. I think he called himself ' Izak' and lie may be lurking around here to.night. I might have said what was out of place, and which would have been better left unsaid; hbowever, I shall not say any more about it, &c.;" It pleased me muchly to see. that the gentle. man referred to had the manliness to apolo. glse for his "inadvertence" on a former occasion, and I accept the amende honorable with becoming gratefulness, and I should think the Colac church people will likewise. the word I have italicised might, however, have been ommitted, as nearly all who were present knew that Izaak was taking' a promi. sent part mi the proceedings of the evening, and they must, I ams sure, have looked upon the ' lurking" busiuesas as a high joke, nd accepted it as such, However, being a good sort of "christian" myself 'and bearing no ialice prepeuse, I am ready to forgive the lapss lisugue of my "dear brother in the. Lord," and look forward to the time when his companion from the "city of the plain" feels it incumbent upon to unburden his conscience by tendering a like apology t, the Colac friends. They must not run away with the idea that I was the only oae that complained about their unchristian remarks, and' several of the members of the Church quiet agreed with the strictures passed upon tliem by me, one of them sending the offendiong parties a copy of the paper containing the criticisms in question, so that they should not miss seeing.what was here known to be the opinion of ' large majority of the Church people, Yours, &c.; S . IZAAK, Colao, Nov. 12, 1884. an mnu nm mmn 