OPENING OF PARLIAMENT. The following is Mr Graham’s speoch as delivered in seconding the Governor's address:— SPECIALLY REPORTED. Mr Speaker.—While it affords mo very groat plonsure to rise and second the resolution proposed by the lion, member for Warnambool, at the same time I must confess it is with a con siderable dcgro.o of diffidence that I do so, especially as I sec before me so many lion, members, who, during the last lo or 20 years have not only occupied pro. minent positions in this House, blit havo won for themselves a name ns eloquent debaters and also as able states men, and it would be presumption on my part ns a young member to occupy the time of the House in attempting to make a long speech, in fact, were it not that 1 know it to bo customary for a junior member to undertake the duty alloted to me, I would be inclined to shrink from the task, therefore I nsk the indulgence of the House for a minute or two while I make a few remarks. I am certainly very much gratified to learn from His Excellency the Governor’s speech, that the Government propose to deal with so many useful measures during the present session, some of which are urgently required by the country, and I hope that lion, members will show as much diligence in assisting to pass those measures ns was shown during the last session, when so much useful legislation was carried through in a comparatively short spaco of time. As ono of the representatives of the largest agricultural constituency.in the colony, I am glad to think the Govern ment are inclined to give some attention to the country districts, for it must bo admitted that in the past the agricul tural interest lias not received that amount of attention from the state, that its importance demands. It is quite true sir, that liberal land laws have boeu passed, whereby thousands of families have been enabled to settle in the northern districts of tho colony, but, it must not bo forgotten that those fami lies in penetrating the vast box forests of Moira, llodnoy, and other counties, which were then quite barren, have had to endure hardships, privations, and trials, which are only known to them selves, and they nrc certainly now worthy of every consideration. I am woll aware Sir, it lias been asserted in this House, that the attempt to settle the people in the northern areas of the colony has been a failure, that these lands are fast passing into tho hands of the squatters, and that ihe areas named will again soon become a sheep walk, but Sir, as far as the county of Moira is concerned, I am glad to bo able to give this assertion u fiat denial, the county is one network of small holdings, the land originally selected is, in Moira in file hands of selectors still, in the hands of moil who are living by agriculture and intend to live by it, they are all engaged in agricultural pursuits, and have assisted to bring agriculture to rauk foromost among the industries of the colony, mid I contend that tho motto of thostato should now be, ‘‘ Let agricul ture in all its branches flourish," be rauso when this industry is prosperous and flourishing, all ether branches of industry are prosperous, trade in every country town is brisk, and trade in this great city is also brisk, in fact the wel fare of tho colony depends so much on the prosperity of the farmers, that they should be encourngod in every possible wuy. They want cheap mid easy transit for their produce to the seaboard, so that they may bo able to compete with the other grain producing nations of tho world, and 1 am glad to think the Government intend to introduce a Hail way Construction Bill at an early date, and I trust the country districts re quiring railway extension will receive every consideration in that bill. 1 should also bo glad to learn that the Government intended to give the ques tion of Irrigation some consideration, thnt is, in those districts where the water could bo made available. No doubt a great benefit has occurred to far mers in many districts through the operation of the present Water Conser vancy Act, the Water Trusts of the northern areas have accomplished a great amount of good, but there is still a large amount of work to bo done that cannot possibly be undertaken by tho Trusts individually, and I think tho Government should see that any future operations should bo cariied out in such a way that they could be made part of what would eventually become a nationalI scheme of irrigation. I also trust the Hon. the Minister of Agricultuie will see his way clear to establish an agricul tural college in connection with the Experimental Farm at Dookie, tin’s, I think, would be a step in the right direction, aud I am certain that with judicious management such an institu tion would be self supporting. I have often been at a loss to know why tho students at that farm were disbanded, particularly at a time when tho farm was beginning to pay some return for the large outlay. It is not neeessay for me to traverse His Excellency’s speech, or to say that I concur with tho address in reply thereto, suffico it to say that it is my intention to give tho Government a firm support, not only because I am pledged to my constituency to do so, but because I consider they are carrying on tho business of tho country on such lines as entitlo them to our sympathy and support. With these fow remarks, I beg to second the motion that the address as read by the hon. member for Warrnambool be presented to His Excellency the Governor. “ Kight years ago, " writes the “ Worltl, London was all astir about the death of a young barristur, and people could hardly think of anything but poor1 Charles Bravo.* Sinco thenliis wifo has gone, and Dr. Gully ; and probably vory fow over give tho mystery of Balhatn a thought. But it has not boon forgotten altogether, and it is romombored soriously enough for somebody. Tho Priory, a cockneyfield sort of castellated building, is to lot, as it has boon to lot, over sinco tho itnjuost at tho adjacont tavorn. Nobody will look at tho Priory as a residence, or do more than look at it. Of course nobody con fesses to any foar of tho ghost or ghosts ; still out of tho hundreds who have in spected it, there does not seom to have boon one person courageous onough to take it oven at a reduced rout. Residents in the neighbourhood have almost ceased to take their friends to see it, and to point out * tho diningroom whore ho took the Burgundy, don’t you romumbor,’ or tho bodroom whero ho told Sir AVilliam Gull lie had taken ‘ it’ himself. Nobody alloges that tho house is haunted, yet nobody will have it. ” 