' ? JONINa MEETINGS Exoblbioe G-.M. CoMPANr.— A opeoial meet, ing of ;the shareholders in the Bxoolsior G.M. Company was hold on'oveniDg of Sth'inst at the o63oe of Mr: Sinclair, Georgo-Btreet. MrV. W.' F. Fiko ocoupiod the ohnir. The manager read the notice convening the meeting, and- an apology from the Chairman of Directors, ' who was unable to attend. It was resolved unani mously ' That it ib desirable, if praotioable'j ;to ' preserve tfie leasoa for another year,, 'and in that view the manager be directed to collcot all calls by legal measures, if necessary, and after discharging all liabilitieB-to pay the rent.'. : The meeting then oloied. ;: . ,' WitsoN G.M. Company.— A apebial mneting of shareholders in the above-named Company wa.aheld onBtU inat^ in tttd'Lannoei- tbii Stock Exchftnge; for'-the ^-piirpose 'of' 'considering certain claims' for expenses in attending meet ings in connection with the Hope and Wilion G.Af. CompKujen. ,' '. , ? !?? ? Mr. AV. Aimnhead, who ocoapied tho obair, read the notioo oonvoninR the mooting, . after' which ho atated that the Hope Company, when originally registered, had adopted no roles, and a meeting whs called at Hobart to impart the noaeesary legality. The Launooston and Alberton sharoholdnrB held meetings, and ap pointed Messrs. Madden and Ouming to repre sent them at the Hobart meeting. The meeting held at Hobart was found to bo illegal, and another meeting was called, to which the same delegates were sent down. KuIcb andrognla tions were formed, but as the Chairman left the obair prematurely another meeting bad to be culled to form tho Wilson Company. Mesirs. ?Cuming and Madden were appointed to attend on behalf of the Alberton and Launcoaton share holders, and he liimsolf had been- asked by meetings of shareholders held at Hobart, Laanneston, and Alborton, to be pre sent. At the Launceston mooting it wu agreed that the ' delegates' expenses should be borno by the Wilson Company, but at the same time they were guaranteed to be borne by those present.. The Company was formed, and the expanses sent in for payment. The directors passed £i 7s Gel to himself, and £5 to Mesirs. Gaming and Madden, but refuted to pay the oharges of Messrs. Madden and Cuming for the two previous meetings of the Hope Frospeoting. Association, because they belonged to the latter Company,, and not tho Wilson.' At another meeting the question was brought up 'and tbe accounts passed, but at a following meoting, at' which tho whole of tho direotors attended; it- was decided that the whole of the claims ho submitted to a special mooting 'of the share holders. . :''.' ?'.' ' . .-?. ; Mr.. Cuming said there was very little for bimro add to the conoise statement made by theohairman. Ho was appointed' to go to Hobart, and . he was astonished at tlin statu the Hopo Company was in. ? They .had no deed of association, and no oubIi book. He went to Messrs. Dobson and 'Mitchell and was told they could do nothing until tho Company waB properly (formed.1 Ho camo baok and re ported, tho disgraoeful muddle 'he found things in. It was in the state of a, proapeotinK asao oiation that had been in existence for only a: few months. He had given full vatavfor the i money he had claimed, and had oharged nothing ;for.' his time. It was never intended that a levy should be made npon the northern' shareholders for . the benefit of the southern, and he was sorry that it should t)0 neoeBsary to oall a Bpecial meeting. ?'??-? '?? ' Mr. Sholl said ho bad heard no reason given for disallowing these expenses. All the share holders were' of opinion that but for the': des patch of those gentlemen the 'Wilson- Company would not have been in the position it was. It seemed ungrateful, and the expenses' should come. , from . the general1' body ' of the share holders. . '-. . ? :' .;. The Chairman said- they had declined be oauae the first two trips had entirely to do with the Hops Company, and it was' not right that' ?the expense should- be thrown upon tho Wilson' i ? Company.' .?.-? ?? ??- ?? -,:??' ?? ???. ? ?? .. ' Mr. Sholl' asked if the disallowance only ap plied to a ,pirfc of the expenses ? ' ' ! - The -Chairman— Yes.' r ? ' : I ? Mr. Sholl— It is then arranged by the Wilson directors tb pay a' portion of the expenses? The Chairman— It is left entirely to the shareholders at this meoting. ' ?' : ??? .'???? ? Mr. : Sholl— I submit it would be unreasonable to expect these gentlemen to forego their ox penses ; none of their journeys -were fruitless, and it was by their aotion that the Wilson Co.' was formed. I think the oharoholders should pay their expenses. ? '--?': ?'?'-. !? Mr. Davies said who was to - blame in the matter? Had Mr, Gaming not been eoonxious to pass through the amount claimed by hit own vote, they would have disallowed the expenses; It was all.very well for Mr. Cuming to say that tho horrid. Hope Company should be put on a .proper. basis, but was it not ? true that ho' (Mr.' ?Ouming) -went to Hobart -for ' the' purpose of getting the management of the Company him self .??.. The Hope Company : was oortaihly in a disgraceful state, and he was surprised to firid.it. in suoh ; a state -.and had he' known* jthi*, he would riot have aocepted the position of ..direotor :on it, but 'since he -had' 'been on the directorate, he bad' tried to do all'in'his- power.' to' amend matters. The' Wilson1 Com-; pany had nothing whatever to do' with this amouht. It was monstrous, if-they wanted to: send 'delegates to Hobart, they should put their hands in tbsir ? pockets. ' When it was known that Mr. Ouming had no ghost of a ohanco'for - the .management, there ' was ho necessity-for him to go to Hobart. ? It wag considered desir able '? by southern ? as well aa northern share holders that Mr. Aikonhead should 'go down, .and therefore his expenses were a fair obarge on the Company. He conoluded by moving'That this Company do not allow the expenses of Messrs. Madden and Ouming.' ? ? , Mr. Mace seconded the motion in a few words. - ' - - . ;i ? , Mr. Huston moved as an amendment 'That theaooounts be'paid.' It was all very wall for Messrs. Davies and Maoe to talk, but why , should not the money be paid as passed ' by the Board. ' ? ' ' ? : Mr. Davies— They were not passed by the Board.- ..: ? . ? Mr. Huston continued — He did not believe1 in people working for nothing. The' amounts were passed by the dirbotors, ?' '? .; ? ,?-. Mr. Davies— Hear, hear. ? : , , Mr. Sholl1 seobnded the amendment, saying that no doubt it was owing to those gentlemen proceeding to Hobart .that the Wilson Company wn8 formed. _? . ,i The manager road the minutes of the Board ,of Directors, from whioh.it appeared that .£5 eaoh_ was passed for .Messrs. Maddon' and Cuming at one meeting, tbe olairoB presented l being £15. by Mr. Ouming, and .£16 8s by Mr; Madden. The balance was disallowed, aa it Was 'conneoted jwith the Hope meetings. At another meeting, Messrs. Aikenhead, Ouming,; Madden, - and Hudson being present, : tho , balance of the amount was pussod, but at a, subsequent meeting of the directors', the pre vious minutes of the meeting were confirmed, except , the accounts referred to. . Mr. OumiDg said he bad not hurried his account through, but had waited patiently for many weeks for his monoy. He did not want to be the manager, but if ho did, who had a better right than he ? Mr. Scott said, as a direotor present when the claims of Messrs. Cuming, Aikenhead, and Madden were brought before the Board, be. knew that the directors were unanimously of opinion that as the three went to Hobart to assist in the formation of the WilBon Company, ' their expenses should be paid as far ' as that irlp alone was conoerned. He, however, con sidered two delegates were Buffioienfc, a third1 only adding to tbe expense. Messrs. Aikonhead and Madden would have been ample. The1 Wilson Company shareholders bad nothing to dp1 with the Hope, they were two distinct bodies, If the' Hope Company did not pay, let them as shareholders put their hands in their ppokets and pay,it.i )Itiwas: right they should be paid,' but not out:of the Wilson Company's funds. ; Af tor an animated 'disoussion, .in which Mossru. Davios, Ouming, and others took part, the Chairman put the amendment, which was carried, nine voting in farour and four against. X poll was then demanded, and Messrs. Shall and Prico woro appointed scrutineers. {Mr. Collins : objected to ,tlio poll, and said if he had known be oould have got plenty of proxie». Ho thought it was a mean advantage to take. He moved tho meeting adjourn. Mr. Davies.rose to order, and objected to tbe innuendoes of Mr. Collins. Everything had been carried on in a fair way, . ' Mr. Huston moved that a postponement bo made. Tho Chairman read tbe rules showing that the poll could be demanded And must proceed. The ballot w«s then taken. There were 8024 shares. represented personally, and proxies put in for '11,749, but a number of; the latter were doolared informal. ' The result of the ballot was 6953 in favour of the amendment, and 12,546 against. Tho amendment was therefore lost, and tbe original, motion was' then put to the meeting. Another discussion ensued, the pr'moipal feature of which was a protest by Mr. Sholl against the expense of calling a special meoting and an insinuation of personal feeling in the matter against Mr.' Davies. This was warmly repudiated, by Mr. Davies, who explained that be did hot appear on his own behalf alone, but as repiesonting the wholo,,of the southern shareholders. The Chairman, however; pointed put the futility of.'w'swting time in further discussion, and the, motion was agreed to. A cordial vote of thanks to tho chairman brought a long and: tempestuous meeting . to a close. Before the shareholders separated it was resolved to recoup the expenses of the delegates by subscription, and a number of those present at once put their names down for various amounts, Messrs. Young, Sholl, and Hudson being appointed a committee to carry out tbe arrangements; 