A ghost's garment is a shroud of mystery. As i-r. L- wight was travelling through New Jersey he chanced to stop at a stage hotel, in one of its populous towns, for the night. At a late hour of the same arrived also at the inn Mr. Dennie, who had the misfortune to learn from the landlord that his beds were all paired with lodgers, except one, occupied by the celebrated Dr. Dwight. ' Show me to his apart ment, ' exclaimed Den&ie; ; ' although I am a stranger to the rev. doctor, perhaps I oanibargain with himfor my lodgings.' The landlord accordingly waited on Mr. Dennie to the doctor's room, and there left him _ to introdnce himself. The doctor, although in. his night-gown, cap, and slippers, and just readv to resign himself to the refreshing arms of Somnus, politely requested the strange in truder to be seated. The - doctor, struck with the : literary . physiognomy of ids com panion, unbent Ms austere brow, -and commenced a literary conversation. The names of Washington, Franklin, Kittenhouse, and a host of literary and distinguished characters, for some tiine gave a zest and interest to their conversation, until Dr. Dwight chanced to mention the name of Dennie. 'Dennie. the editor of the Portfolio (says the doctor in a' rhapsody), is the Addisonof the United States — the lather of American Belles Lettres. But, sir,' con tinued he, ' is it not astonishing that a man of such a genius, fancy, and feeling, should abandon himself to the_ inebriating bowl, and to baohanalian reveler' ' Sir,' Said Dennie, ' you are mistaken ; I have been intimately acquainted with Dennie for several years, and I never knew or saw him intoxicated.' 'Sir,' says the doctor, 'you err; I have my information from a particular friend; I am confident that I am right, andju that you are wrong.7' Den nie now ingeniously changed the conversation to the clergy, remarking that Drs. Aber orombie and Meson were amongst our most distin fruiehed divines; nevertheless he considered Dr. Dwipht; president of Yale College, the most learned theologian— the first logioian— and the greatest poet that America hae ever produced. ' Bat, sir,' con tinned Dennie, there are traits in Mb character un deserving bo great and wise a man, of -the most de testable -descriDtion — lie ia the greatest bigot and dogmatist of the age 1' 'Sir,' said the doctor, 'you are grossly mistaken; I. am intimately ac quainted with Dr. jDwight, and I, know to the con trary.'.' ' Six,' said Denpie, i'.yan lore mistaken ; I have It from an intimate acqaWBiwicte df Mb, whom I ambbnfidentVronld^otlelljfflE^S^truth.'' 'No more slander,' Bays ? th1a'idriojz&: J* I am Dr. Dwight ? it -whom you ?ma&$Q0m$m^fa/t: 'exclaimed DenniOi '«m Mte|^«^^ioni you spoke 1' Che aBfawiifinpienMiouSjMP^iMAJmay be better con- . wired than : toMa , SnCSaa -f«jift» f«y jfchny ftinfoip7jy , took hand^-and^were r«rteeBB^. ba«y5T in eexsn rtherVj aoqauawuw. ' X 