FLEHXNGTON TRAINING NOTES. llhKIMt. Although toe gnmnd wa»eoft,a good * amber of hone* wore down Coon after daylight, and the first ore noticed doing agpod working gallop was Angleaey: aad Esmond iaml Obablii toen «*n>de al<mgjiie tra ders, followed by Victress, Privateer, and Warwtok. Oiik Hatteralek was doing sersioeablewoffc^Mtoe — " " " ueswtbk " -• tan; and The Broker and Oeswtbk had* smartc... by UieDudnt Cairo and Wolteley, after' going slowly, wound up with a brisk spurt; and Phantom was accorded hb nana) dose of useful work. Ptausffafle,; Commotion, and Fryingpan went slowly; kriS i8ir Modred, la company with Bristol, *«■ eantafevend time* round the tan. {fenor and had useful, striding work; whilatlSl»|acjnn;*jt " end of a amart * "" joined by DMa extended, and Middiemamh' Mr. taadM lot were restrictedJ das, *£7*JraIta, Moot* Orieto, AnM then lolanthe and Tempe, fallowed by Beroot.BaiKO.andPrmnaDda the! medium pane, and Mr. De Mestre's trk» v ., slowly. A few bora* werotakea on to the course fpt easy exercise. After, breakfast toe Adelaide steepto rttin.iB warb worked. Vcrgysrarit a good gallop hi' mile and a half en toe cinders, after tltoaS. M~ Dawn'sProoella,Tbe Pencil, Eailaag&aiadDetiaioa; ^^workedatywjy. : and yein; alofictoec the same. Wolsely and Cairo commenced with a alow round on the tan, and then bowled along for a good spin. Commotion had half-pace work; whilst Duration was exercised on the cinders in hia sheets; and Hastings went fast over the tan. Guesswork rather enlivened the monotony by the useful working gallop he executed round the tan. This horse looks better and improves every day, and we fancy be will take his part in the Melbourne Oup. Josephine cantered on the tan; and Pilot and the Cracker colt went slowly, followed by King's Messenger. Battailous and Anarchy were tK«h extended; but Lord Kxetor only cantered. Arsenal,1 Dauseuse, and Middlcmorch were worked mildly on the course • and Hdene went a strong round on the tan. Sir Garnet strode along; and Kit Kubbles,' Royal Irish man, and Sir John went half-peoa work. < Too Too had her long spell as usual. After breakfast Lesbia, Sea Serpent, and Agitate worked dowdy ; and Kapler went at three parts pace; whilst Agatha and1 Veigy did a long useful sweat. Salvo went slowly on tiie outer track; and the last we saw were Prooolia and The Pencil and Auchendarroch on the course, the two former of whom had a couple of useful spins, fol lowed by Campanula and Derision on the sand trade, Wednesday. This was a beautiful morning, and the trades were all animation soon after 6 o'clock. FYyingpan was the first to go a strong gallop. The sou of Bethnal Green was started off on the tan for a mile and a half, the middiaround of which be compassed inlm. 6D)ti pulling up- strong and welL The round tram the start was lm. Slje, and we should calculate the mils and a half at 2m. 47a. Strange to Bay, it was rumoured in town the previous afternoon that the horse had smashed a hoof, and the canard was so far believed that a bookmaker did not hesitate to lay 100 to 5 two or three times. Returning to this morning's work, Vernet, ChabUs, and Saovignon were seat along for: working gallops. Aucbendarradt had a longish spdl j and then we saw the veteran Commotion steal round ; the sand, doing a mile and a quarter in 2m. 22a, which to very creditable, considering that he was on the outside of the trade. Tremulous and Magnifier went a fast taile^five furiongtof which they covered I in lm. IS}*.: whilst Monte" Cristo, Uralla, aad Brie did half a mife^in fil)a. Middlemarch^md^Josq^ilne andtreat a*fast mile.Mtitrandof three fourths of which the first-named literally lost tiie Km of St Albans. Burford and Toward had a fast tjdfy ami Hippogriff and Flying Jib went a mile end i at their bed, whilst Danieum and Arsenal did five' furlongs In lm. lis.' Amelia Victoria was bowled over three quarters of a mile, and Hurricane strode along the tan. Stouebroke, Miles, and Impulse were treated to a real good working gallop together; whilst Lavington and Delamia went a fast' mue, the last bslf taking 64 seoonds. -Barge and Tremando strode round the tan, but not at full speed, as the time indicated. Battailous hod a fast half-mile spurt. Hidings, Fhvo, mid Lord Exeter started off together, and when they had travelled a mile the two last were nulled off, and Hastings completed a mile and a half tut Martini-Henry and Despot had a' couple of rounds on the tan, all Mow but the last fire furlongs, which recorded lm. 12s. A great number of other homes did alow and unimportant work. After breakfast other teams were down, but the work done was completely put into the shade by a mlle and-a-half gallop done by the Caul field Cup candidate Yergy, who accomplished the Journey in ton. 47s. The con sequence was that he advanced to 10 to lis the j betting during the day. THURSDAY. A great crowd of amateur touts were down on the! training ground, in- the anticipation of witnessing some good work by the Oaulfidd Cup candidates. Nor were they In the least disappointed, as, with one gallop or another, watches were constantly in re quisition. The morning was dose and dull, showing indications of more rain. Mr. Morrison's team com menced proceedings at half- put 6, Reginald and The Broker being the first to tak the tniok. -The three year old, after his spell of idleness, was only asked to go slowly. The Broker, however, went a strong mile in the company of Vasoo. Brinkman and Kemps were sent athalf-paoe, and Savignon and Chablis spurted. N epic ill ins started slowly, and then did a fan round on the tan; whilst Vernet went by himself at half Ssoe. Aliander compassed a fast mile; and Gladys id. half the distance extended. Privateer bowled along the tan in good style, recording lm. 651a. for the round. FWingpaj had a useful work ing gallop on the tan,'pulling up sound and well;1 and Plausible strode alongopoe round the groond; whilst Commotion went about a mile and a half at a strong pace. Toward and Burford around up their : morning's work with a spurt of half a tnfie. Martini - Henry now appeared on the scene, and. after a pre liminary, started off for a fast round iff the tarn which he covered tn lm. 60s. B irgo commenced dowiy, increased the pace to three-peits, end brufhed borne. Venetia and Bemtis were despati&ed; round the outer traok, accomplishing sixfartoags In lm.' 26a, and the whole journey tn 2m. 40s.' Jo " and Impulse went a good working gallop ' whilst Victress and Footman went slowiy. f at the dose of a fad round of the sand, tiri signs of distress; but the time waa very utir. wiok and Brown and Bose bad a tort turn over tito ] tan; andPhaon,Tremulous.andMagirtfierraobaUa: mile tn tija Despot went over the tan, covering the diitanoe in lm. Sis.; whilst Cairo and ffdahv made three furiemgsef a fart bait mile in 41s. Lord Wilton provided is interesting spin over the Oaul fidd Oup distanee,bringing Gretltede home. The time# werePJve turiongs, lm. lfia; six furlongs, lm. SSs.; seven furlongs. lm. Iffs^ a ntilb ana 's quarter, 2m. tOis.; and'the round in 2m. 241a. Hr ModTOd went three Mai#* vpBnd the tan at tudf qpeed, and tiristdto doss was dutiar: hot Sarttogstoir pboota raQe in "" - - and Tdnpd w -1 a tort toQf' write. OueUwuik, Meteor, and Con Jecture *M then slipped tegethte. torn the Hitis ton of Gang Forworn fairly tested the other two. for beoovered tire furlongs in lm. WJs., six furiongs it Jh. a mile and -s furlong in ton. Ts /aafl s mile and a qusrterin ton. Sto, tJmlto, Bvie, wad Mbnte -Crirto went a fast bilt ton#; after whkto thfcyrattfMW were trtoted to'tte best display ofttae morning, and fiat by Hdene. The Adelaide : finy*e nriiaton was the GuiWald Onp dbtotee, at the end of which fbe pretty w«B recorded45J*., at Was tome oothe aand to ton. Stto-i and tfie. fan Journey to 2m. 46Ju. It is now generally conoeded that Helena's chance on Saturday, with but M. 101b. on hwbacto fe to good as anything: fiir Garnet was treated to half poo* to his hood j <and The Agent hada working gsS^> round the oqter track. St John "and Sufty toound up a prelimlna^vrith a farttult K^fjrJhprsto, tojpag some Mr. XHaeseoriPe team, were worked on the course. Btotito ;baving intervened, the late teams tntosd" down. Amongst theto Lesbia was re stricted tothreo- partespeedt andgalro bad wfonmu cir .^ ^pands on the outer track. ' 'i-ljpe went round'fart; and then i tor auseful sweat in company with dtway by Agatha. Mr.W.OakWe 'tort on tiie trade. Prooeila. Tha 1 Wen# slowiy roqnd the rand,and f mtoagpost, whentbey were 1st '•iediyi^tiwbrattoitbtona _ -toito,and CtonMlbiWH jpr^|appwitha brtiksjxifi ' ■= Friday. " morniqg wasof a vefyhuitoaod ttew toft toMndtf&faiinitinS; Tuwrat, ran wtoUng order, and some, Wi»a*ewaddqrtngtheinor_ toonafterfio-fltotki mkMtbe i olrole of the running track. Novelette *M cantering. W. Higginbotham was doing useful exercise with Lc Grand for a oouple of circles on the turf, Capri joining him the last one; the pair strode a good pace the last six furlongs. Kgiinton worked with Tissue, and Don Quixote was centering. B. Ofay was doing serviceable work with the Hon. W. Pearson's horses, Gasbumer being tire first to appear, and he ran a smart paee over half a mile. Gasalter strode a oouple of times round the running ground for a nice even race working gallop, followed by Ironhand, Northern Light, and Tattler. Mr. S. Leek did work with Straggler on the rand; the last round he was joined by Scaramouch, who had previously run half* mUcin a gallop with Rapid, the oolt Mount joining1 Rapid at• the mile post, the Cup horse doing a strong gallop over a mile and a half. First Bop sad Violet (mi a brisk gallop over five furlongs, when Yatdy appeared on the trade, and he ran a strong mile and s hall, Umberto joining him in the last live furlongs. De ceiver ana Qilderoy were bowling along for good striding work on the rand, and Melodious tun a brisk pace over hall a mile, after cantering,1 Urn Bohemian joining the daughter of Goldsorough in the run home, and lw . .afterwards strode along for another circle. Ontario was doing some brisk-pace work on the Sand, wjtj) Retfef, up. Spartan was doing exercise.' F. Long's horses were centering^ The Ghost was doing mildwbA^ qo the nod, ani Grade Darling, in Company with .Nor folk, wm doing a canter on the tdrf; the pair after wards an a fast six. furlongs. .Rum fiuta and Nuncio were working on the sand, finishing . with a sharp run of halt a mite. Mr. Davis sent David and Dargo for moderate-paoe exercise on the turf, when Oamerine, with O'Brien np, cantered once round Ujp ground, and being set going at the seven furlongs post, she was picked up by Ditto at the five furiongs P<wtt r ■ " 1 ' ~ ' ■ ie pair galloping once roupd,CorioUauti iw»i>'. was on the trade, joining In the last naif mile, but the tre appeared to tire at the finish, TtoMgjson Cup more appeared to tire at the finish. The bigaon of Tubal Cain ins aRdkwards doing good ssrvfoaable work. Thursday. The morning broke,otondy, with indlostlont'et more rain, and there was a good attthdaoce o( on Sfpo^nendlng Fripndlemaoouploof milts on the outer portion' of the running track, the steeple chaser going uncommonly well. Veritas was doifig a' canter on the sand, Mr. Dargin treating Umbra to slow exercise. Tissue sad EgtintM were wosktng ia company; the pair strode, along the last fourfor? longs; whilst Midnight and Queen Bess did moderate exercise on tire sana. Cupola, after cantering, strode along at a brisk gallop over a mile, Merry FeneBs joining Wm at the three<ra*rter poet, and she lad OSb colt throughout. Capri ana Le Grand, with body clothes, were on the sand track, the pair indulging in hkrtr work, they having done a strong gallop ont. a mile and s halt on' Wednesday afternoon, when the big horse went well; and Don Quixote was doing nice work over a mile. My. Gray sent Ironhand a good working gallop tor a couple of circles od the turf. Be was followed by Tattler and Gamlier in' company, who also did sound work twios round. Northern Light and Gasbumer cantered round to the half mile, when they were eet going and galloped home. Straggler was doing some capital long work, and BcaramOucb, with Hox&rt;, strode along briskly; for about six furlongs. The latter celt then joined his stable companion Wong* for a oahter. Yitely ran once round the running track slowly/ finishing with a balf-paoe run from the turn, and Ontario was cantering on the sand. Both these hotsce were doing strong gallops later in the day, the cup' horse over a mile and a half, the huhlle raccr over a oouple of miles. Deoeiver wargaUo^' ing twice round the-sand trade, where the arrival from Tc-jmania, Echo, also executed a capita] ; gallop over a oouple of miles, and he appears a very gay mover. Angler and Orlando canterqL Rapid, with O'Brien up, ran a strong gallop over a mile and * halt, but the son of Rapid Bay appears to be a very laqrgoer. David and Dargo were treated to moderate pace work twice round the tan, where Ounerlne also' did similar exercise; Ditto atrldingslOngoa thetan' for two miles, and was popped ore? tbe hurdles, but < he did not Jump_cleveriy. Melodious cantered a I round of tbe turf, G'Brien pulling her up. She went at a (low paoetothe top of the ran home at three-quarters muse, wlthCoriOlanus; . .. ... .. - •• The s * ~ half-a-doeen leitrths away. Tbe (wo of Ttft&TMfh;' afterwards Strode a eirole of the ground at three parts speed. Violet and First Pop ran a smart gallop, over the sand tbe Nursery Handicap distance, and i The Bohemian was doing work. F. Lang's halt ptcc ta the tui , _ , mildly oh the shad.' Tbe Cap eandidatei/iforfottc, in company with OraoeDerlihg, tana good gaiiopovnr amusaada haif ; but after running three- quarter* of a miie the mam had eoongfa, and tat Maiden Rlate viator r.n the remainder of the dlstanoe alcaa, this being th«. heat gallop of the morning, Dmtartcx Buna Bum, Nuncio, and The Ghost t to'caetsring exercise.: themselvesweU. .OnAbe i_. also sent over the big timber, JampiagrweU. 