Wandering Experiences. BY FÄANK LEMON. YERAMBAH, ON THE NARRAN. y BRAMBAH STATION is situated just "within the New tiouth Wales boundary; in journeying thence from Narine, therefore, it is necesaaay to cross the border. This crossing the border is an important step, which one might easily take without knowing it. The division between the colonies just here consist of a cleared line about 10ft wide, through the scrub, running along the 29th parallel of longitude to the eastern border of South Australia. Where the country is open, or only lightly timbered, the border linois not easily distinguished ; but where there is thick timber or scrub the clearing catches the eye at once, and if you know what it is the chances are that you will get down from your buggy, as I did, and ex amine ono of the Government alignment posts for curiosity, and then take a five minutes' stroll along the line just to see how it feels to stand on neutral ground, neither in one colony nor the other. Close to tho border, on the Narine run,'there j is a gigantic piece of earthwork known as Gal lagher's dam. This consists of a large dam thrown across a shallow creek, with a great tank at the embankment. When there comes a sufficient fall of rain to fill the dam it is intended to run the water over, into the tank; and when tho tank is full it will contain-let me see- well, the walls of the tank are about 10ft high, and they enclose a space of three aerea. Just work that out into gallons. The embankments of the tank are not quite finished, and owing to some difficulty with con tractors, the work now stands in stahl que- ; but there is one interesting circumstance which deserves mention. The dam is located in Queensland, within a mile of the cleared line which niarkB the border ; and when the work was in full swing a great many men were employed, and large quantities of provisions were consumed. As the goods were all obtained from Sydney, they I became subject to duty upon going into Queens land ; but in order to avoid the tariff, the con tractor placed his men's huts on the New South Wales Bide of the line, and the process of victualling was carried out under free trade auspices. Tho meals were consumed in New South Wales, and then each man carried his own dinner over, duty free. Yerambah homestead is very well arranged. There are all the usual station buildings and accessories; the stables, the blacksmith and wheelwright's Bhops, the huts, an admirably con structed hay-shed and corn-house, and so on. And the least prominent feature is a store, which for completeness and excellence of management could scarcely be surpassed. It is rather an im portant item in the internal economy of a large sheep station that the establishment should in clude a well kept store. Failing this, if one of the station hands requires anything in the way of store goods, he is obliged to make a trip to the nearest township; and to say nothing of the waste of time, he is very liable to get on the spree. At Yerambah, the store is prepared to meet the most varied demands-except in the way of grog-at town prices ; and a year's trans actions must represent a considerable sum of money. On this run, a3 I have already mentioned, there is a famous overshot dam ; and the conscientious reader ÍB requested to peruse the following brief description with particular care, and as muoh in telligence as he can command :-: The dam is en the Narran River, some three miles above the station. The river ceases running in dry weather ; it is important, therefore, that when a flood occurs, some of the water should be stored against times of drought. At the point where the dam is fixed, the river is 2£ chains wide. Here a double row of strong piles were put down, each pile being sunk through 3ft of puddle, and 6ft into the solid rock below, leaving 7ft of its length above the bed of the river. Seven feet, therefore, repre sents the depth of water in the dam when full. The Bpace between the two rows of piles-in other words, the thickness of the dam-is just 12ft ; and this space having been walled in with timber, was filled with rubble from the bed of tho river, and topped with a coping of boulders obtained by blasting out one of the merila ridges in the vicinity. The front of the dam is pro tected by a bank of loose earth, which is formed into a puddle by the action of the water, and gradually carried in till it fills up tho' interstices between the stones, m i renders the dam thoroughly impervious. Ac the back there is a supporting stock of boulders 10ft high at the dam, and shelving off to nothing at a distance of 50ft. This mass of stones receives the over flow, and conducts it safely away. The total length of the dam ia 540 feet, the overshot in the centre occupying 180ft, with wings extending for 180ft on either side. The surrounding country is very flat, and these lengthy winga are necessary to prevent, the rive» breaking round the dam in flood time, and form ing a fresh channel. The overshot is 6ft below the level' of the wings, thus allowing 6ft of a get away," as it is technically expressed; and the wings in their turn are ISin above the level of the highest known flood. The total cost of making this dam was about ¿6600 j and its present value to the station may be judgedfrom the fact that it throws the water back for a distance of eight miles, the result being a practically inexhaustible supply of precious water. The whole work, which occupied 15 months in completion, was carried out under the superintendence of Mr. Charles Whyte, the manager of Yerambah, who is justly proud of his achievement. The dam has attracted a num ber of visitors j and as a proof of enterprise on the part of the owners, and judgment and skill on the part of their manager, it has drawn forth many enconiums. It is still on view, and likely to remain so. Would that ita like were tobe seen in many other parts of the colony. There is a shearing-shed at this station, with accommodation for 40 shearers, and all the custo mary concomitants, including hydraulic dumping press, with which all Messrs. Fisher's stations are furnished. There is also a blacks' camp ; likewise a bush barber, who takes his customers to the back of the stable, and removes their superfluous locks with a pair of sheepshears. There was an amateur hairdresser there, too, at the time of my visit ; and he operated upon nie ? with such effect that I don't care about sitting under a professional now. Ho's a first-class snipper, is Johnny ; and if ever I come within 50 miles of him he shall cut my hair again, whether I want it or not. He can tell a good stiff brim stone ghost-Btory, too, can thiB same amateur hair-cutter j ami if you draw him out ho will spin a yarn in ten minutes which it will take an ordinary man two days and two nights to believe. Not that I am an ordinary man in jthis respect myself ; scepticism forms no part of my'constitu tion ; and, like the donkey, I have a capacious ear for marvels. For instance, somebody pointed out a white kangaroo dog at Yerambah, and told me that he ran down a full-grown kangaroo in the bush one day, killed it, and then took it up in his mouth and carried it home. And I am proud to say I believed the yarn straight away.r Not everyone could do that. Adam Lindsay Gordon, Australia's first-born poet, is much read, and enthusiastically appre ciated in this quarter of the continent ; and hi« immortal piece, " How wo Beat tho Favourite," was recited by a member of our party at Neram bah one evening, amid the warmest plaudits. A number of recitations followed this one, and three out of every four were selected from Gor don's " Bush Ballads." It was quite an intellec tual evening, that, and not altogether lacking in music either, although there were no ladies in the company. Mr. Manager Whyte, who is ft Scotchman, produced a set of asthmatic bag- * pipes, and executed a sonata very dexterously on one note. After which my irrepressible friend Rowan burst forth into song, and treated us to a pathetic ballad with the following chorus, which was repeated before and after each verse ¡- . Did yuu ever see Mary Mac (tr-thur P . ; Sha puddled away down the s tren in ;. When she'd pulled for a mlle and a suar-ter Tou couldn't BOO Mary lor steam 1 I am not quite surojof the words, but that's the air of. it, anyhow, j and whenever there was a lull in the proceedings, Rowan gave vent to his chorus by way of filling up the gap. This had the good effect of keeping things going briskly, for after one or two repetitions, our. Mend ht*d only to start off at the top of his voice, " Did you ever see Mary-," when some one would, call to mind a good story, and forthwith proceed to tell it. And talking of intellectual, evenings! ,h?J;{ me not omit to mention just here an entertainment which was given at Mr. Sherwin's Nullawa Station. The hall of Mr. Sherwin's hospitable mansion was-turned into a theatre for the occasion, and with an improvised stage at one end, a dressing room at one side, and a refresh ment room at the other, it answered its purpose admirably. The performance was given entirely for tho benefit of the blacks of the locality, ana* appropriately enough, it was of the nigger element all througr. Mr. Bacon, who imperson ated Bones, Mr. Sheridan, who played Sambo, and the young lady who made fujha bewitch ing little Aunt Sally, acquitted themsehei ono and all to the iutense deligh of their coloured brethren j as did also the amiable hostess, who accompanied on the piano. Several of the songs were old favourites, but some wore new, and.smacked of the soil-one item for instance entitled " Possuming," and another " Kangarooing," both of which were very appro priate to the ocoasion. If the management had only invited Rowan to sing " Mary Macarthur" as a wind up, the entertainment would have been aB near perfection as anything can be in thia mortal world, But they were unaware what a treasure they had at hand, and perhaps it was just as well, after all, for if Rowan had onco got a fair start, it would probably have been beyond the * capability of the company to induce him to leave off again. From Yerambah, we journeyed hack to Noondoo by way of Currawildi. This is another of Fisher and Co.'s outposts ; and as there is a good deal of traffic along the main road by this place, a public house has sprung up ; likewise a telegraph office, which is under the control of Mr. Derrig. He ÍB an Irishman, and I mention the circum stance not by way of idle gossip, but in order to give point to tho assertion that Mr. D. doesn't like whisky. He is the first Irisnman.1 havpniet who could muster up sufficient pluckv to' Tufóse a glass of whisky ; and I can conscientiously say that I Baw him decline as many glasses in one morning as would have made a weaker man drunk for a fortnight. On arriving at Noondoo from Currawildi I com pleted my round of the stations under Mr. Amoa's management, and without wishing to cover that gentleman with praise, I feel bound to say that he brings to bear upon his werk a keen know ledge of mea and an expertness in station details \- %L> , ... :- : ~ which can only havo been acquired by yèara'of practical and careful study. . At home he is a. typical Australian gentleman. I need sky no. more. :" .;..', " The stations, as a whole, are the most exten sive and the most completely improvëd that I have seen ; and it is to be hoped that the enter prise pf Messrs. C. B. Fisher and Co., the spirited owners, will meet with the reward it deserves. They have a grand block of country, and, unlike some other'holders, they are turning it to the b^st possible advantage. 