THE CONTRIBUTOR. NOTES NOW AND THEN. Br J. M. WITH THE SALVATION ARMY. In one of my early contributions to this journal I described my earnest efforts to be a horticulturist, and their lamentable failure, and my mortification at finding that then were depths of dnllness and stupidity ™ f® which I had never dreamed. Till then I had believed that with perseverance enough in anj&mreuit; there should be "no such word as f&tL;" Since then I hare been numbler, and have submitted more cheer* lolly to the inevitable, for— " What's impossible can't be, And never, never comes to pus." I have been nnsuocessful in many things "Jja but the feeling oi mental imbecility which possessed me as I stood surveying the nuns of my garden has never since been ro acute or so crashing. The latest of my failures has been the attempt to become a Salvation soldier. Each of us is not tike man his friends take him to be—n»y. not even the man whom the wife of Mi bosom thinks she knows. There in depths and heights in us and solitary places, nnvisited of mortal—of which the tgo known to the world gives no hint It may well be, therefore, that the man whom bis fellows deem a cynic and a scoffer may be very much otherwise, and my efforts to de velops a frame meet for a Salvation soldier need therefore occasion no surprise. I attended several meetings; I read the fvar Cry; 1 learned to sing some of the hymns. 1 was prepared to submit to the tannta of the wprlaling and resist the well-meant remon strances of nnregenerate friends. 1 coma have given ap the black clay pipe so dear to me, and the beer of my native land. mi there were two stumbling-blocks in my pat®, both of which proved fatal I could never summon up courage to go to the penitents form and "testify, and I could never, even In thooght, figure mjmelf as wearing, a om form. The dMnclinationto "testify'and to wear a uniform baa no logical basim bntpw ceeda merely from weakness and fnroMfoi nature, and proves how utterly unfitted i am to be a soldHer, , "IVe,inykml,fle l A soldier, and Bat thongb l am unworthy of a the army, ladmi»thetourageoftaBold«^ and rejoice in their successor Thomas in which their campaign against the devu carriedon Is perhkreopen to cnbM»J • « yarvESsss was without,bntwtth^^to«^° StStanfSgl/Q tfier meet to wdcome we w^wdtd EBrtestfs?* eye, The bwfls j detachments werepostea ffoou ouv* n_ ftn<i over the® w&vcci; cm tf^TfJWfip.aiSg ^e0rttween then and the amval of interval between ^ y by the Colonel Booth was ^ ^ ^ av choruses and songs^ ^ ptetty { a„d Sa'rahomst The {den8 and portly plain on®?'nnB ^ the forties. Old grey dames ^ hXld pates, marshalled the beards, with oa v ^ ftnd baby visitors wito liaJnitJoll Army ' Sewtx sod>ers.. wiin y-\ ajept m their on tbeir tmy a blood-red f uonf^tfme in the front row below the Indfetor. Two. or three *oung rS.tiSSand to » little hjrS fl-^Iton wifli the girls in the orchestra, mild S hismate. " Better than ®J<iT«» dto his mate, "Better than Ope of thenisaid th' race8 BlUr JS&WS;&M.; a" lew^n the Colonel, and Major Howard, and u fri«nd Major Barker mounted the °Dr_ 4u„ «niiiCTrt> in the body of the hall wtorm tbe audience in the body of the hall Sfthe tofland soldiers in the orchestra 48 and received them with a SenTng^ah-ation " volley/' This was Swfc described in one of the reports as ffid shout, not a hurrah ora deer..but /real Salvation Army shout-^nthusioatic ¥Sjssi"Ais& suss fflKHe*± afjsart£»i Ldered with blue from his pocket, waved U wftb a grace which defied competition. of other handkerchiefs were waved 111 unison, and after another mighty shout the band and the united choirs struck up the hymn '• Our God, we Thank Thee for Thy care Shown to our oomrades dear; P e thank Thee Thou host heard our prayer, And safely brought thorn horc." As the subsequent proceedings were fully reported in the next day's papers, they need no description from me. Owing to the vastness of the gathering there was, perhaps, more than the usual enthusiasm, but there was nothing besides to distinguish the satherin" from any ordinary barrack meeting. Colonel Booth is a tall, dark, young man, with no special gifts as a speaker; but he has the power which intense earnestness rives and a homely humour which establishes at once quite intimate relations between him* aelfand the army. So when he says with a laugli and a wink, "You don't know much about me yet, but you'll soon find ont what a proper young man I am," everybody laughs heartily and enjoys the joke immensely. lFien with panther-like agility he springs upon a chair and calls for a wave of fering," the soldiers shout " hallelujah," and a thousand handkerchiefs are wafted as one, and when he calls on them to " fix bayonets" they sing, lustily, beating time the while with1 uplifted arms— *• Oh, it comes on my soul like a wave, The power of His wonderful might." In marked contrast with the heated utter ances of the Salvation chiefs was the brief practical address of the Postmaster-General, the IIOB. James Campbell. George Eliot re marks in Daniel Dn onda, I think, that the sound of a Scotchman's voice has abont it something of the effect of a draught of cold outside air in a heated room. While listen ing to the hon. gentleman the remark of the novelist seemed to me strikingly pregnant and appropriate. The congenial habitats of the army are not, however, found in such places as the gor geooslydecorated Town-hall of the metropolis.: Jon will find them in the bare walls of the bairack-room, or the straggling streets of the obscure suburb. In Brunswick the harness are not yet built, and the Sunday afternoon service is held on a plot of ground adjoining the Sydney-road. The proceedings are,commenced with " the entrance prayer?" drag which all kneel in silent devotion, inen those present group themselves in a fiflg around the, captain and other 1«gdera I ^ their peculiar ^cketand bonnets! » JR? guernsey, or blue %'&*>s2r»FiaSB { "d the wearers stand gravely, with r?Soann8' aA conscious thattbey are sen. Many of the girls are comely on their of me soldiers have «w£*the tracea of the fwctiy.reclaimed larrikin. Hie captain aS^S^Braf ^assess®* «the chariot roll* "asataaw?-"' * ha?<k with a 0iu8 can ndAnnai-i j ~W| waico no Sffi, itfe®" ®n* 'MlSlelnPv «mothe?&y; Iran aunoy I PfiS §Se fa* much *4°**' Sfte for m^^rtby ex fed^toSS'^^^?nglv I la *rom 1 rea of o? ^abstlw! „ His J jeeringly doubted the reality of his " convar Bion," and hp silenced his leading tormentor with " Yia, my young frind, ye may laugh, but if ye wud only go home an' put a stitch in the corners of that wide mouth, ye maybe wouldn't laugh quite so much—at once." After the "testimonies" the collection is taken. No decorous deacons or church wardens go round from pew to pew with the offertory-boxes, while the organist plays a soft voluntary. But each one present casts into the ring his or her sixpence or shilling. Sometimes a copper drops on the ground, and sometimes a glittering sovereign or halt sovereign rolls in the dust with the humbler coins. Now and again a button, or a pebble, or a big penny is viciously aimed by some outsider at the head of the captain, but he expects these as incidents of the afternoon, and dexterously "bobs" at the proper moment While the money is being cast in the army sings Fire away I fire away t fire away 1 fire away 1 With the goe^ej guns well fire away. Mighty ▼lorries have been won With the great Salvation gun, Stand your ground and fire away l" The service ie concluded with prayer and the singing of the doxology— " Praise God, from whom all blessings flow; Praise Him, all creatures here below; Praise Him above, ye heavenly host: Praise Father, Son, and Holy Ghost." This article would be incomplete without some reference to the War Cry, which is the official gazette of the army. The slightest perusal tells of a cause triumphant, and the bulletins from the captains of the various corps have a bombast and decisiveness more than Napoleonic; But you never find statistics. The army is not strong in figures. I feel that they need not fear figures, and if they would only cultivate statistics I am convinced that the result of drunkards re claimed, criminals made honest, and dark homes made bright; wonld help them very much. Such figures as are given should be in a different style from those given lately in a London organ of the army. In this was reported " a great demonstration of saved drunkards" in Exeter-hall, in which it was computed that "the platform represented more than 5,000 years of drunkenness," and that "the total time spent as drunkards by 164 of those men and women had been 2,412 years, or an average of 14 years each." These statistics may indicate encouraging progress, bnt such are scarcely the figures which satisfy men of the world as to the value, and genuineness, and, above all, the permanence of the army's work. I suppose it would be useless to ask the army to modify its language in discussing certain matters, so I refrain. Yet it does seem odd, in reading the War Cry regarding the recent decision of the Full Court anent street processions, to find that the leaders intend using all " legal means to secure the right of carrying out the work unmolested," ana request, at the same time, all friends "to keep this matter before the Throne of Grace." On the le^al question involved regarding the processions of the army, Mrs. Booth, I observe from a recent ad dress of hers in Exeter-hall, is very emphatic indeed. She declares, with an authority which no mere law court can hope to rival:—" I stand on Exeter-hall platform and say, in the name of the God of the whole earth, we have a right to the instrumentalities, to the means, to the measures, to the places, and to the streets in which to accomplish this work. . . I say, if no one else dare say it, in Exeter-hall—and, 0 God I and the angels be witness to it-4hst I claim the streets and market-places in Thy name for Thy work." ] What can a poor bench of judges say in, the face of so authoritative a pronouncement: as this? Again, it may be a saneamish teste, but itmightbe wished that thehulletins of the army could be so worded as to state the facta which it is desired to mention without adopt ing such phrases as these:—"On Sunday morning we again met at 5 o'clock, to wrestle with God for poor half-damned touts. Oar cry was, 'Souls for Jesus: Sandhurst for Jesus I' Bless God 1 we did not wait long before the holy fire descended upon us." At another meeting held recently to open the barracks at Sandhurst, we are told that in: the course of the proceedings " Happy Dinah; Bang two solos with marked effect, and that " the converted policeman" told a thrilling story of a young man, who, after an invoca tion to be struck dead U he did something, was struck dead. If the "converted police man" will forgive me for saying so, the many variants of this story have been told a good many times, and its capacity for edification is pretty well exhausted. But itig perhaps unreasonable to expect in the young stripling fighting for a footing in the world die graces of complete development and the quiet and reserveof matured wisdom. The friends of the army may therefore be excused for confidently expecting in the full ness of time the i KmwHt ftf hfJiiwufl. Ot Mif-torgettnlMM, oflowUnenl , The power of meakneo. Whose very geuUenaea end weakness Are like the yielding bat ImeMtUe air." And the enemies may repeat the charges of coarseness and vulgarity, of blasphemy and hypocrisy, and prophesy speedy and igno minious and deserved failure. Meanwhile, all impartial soulBwho love God and hate the devil will watch the career of the army with glanoes not nnldndly. 