-The Grace of God for All. Bt Mrs M. Baxtsic, ix tub ■•OiiiusriAit . Hbbald." " Bat wo l.flicvo lint through tho graoo of tho Lord Jesus Christ wo shall ho sarod, ovon as thoy. —Actsxv. 11.. ■ mHE early Church was not exompt from tho JL trial which many of God's children have experienced, cspecially thoso, who in their meetings give tho fullest liboity to the Spirit of God. There wero those who abused this advantage and. made use of it to introduce teachings out of harmony with tho freo grace of God which Paul and his followers taught. Some who ' camo down from Judea taught tho brethren, and said, Except yo bo circumcised after tho manner of Mcses, yo cannot be saved.' This led to' no small dissension and disputation fcith tbem,' on tho part of Paul and Barnabas. Was this the Church which ones was of 'one heart and onoioul?' Alas! yes, but declension bad already set in; things wore not as they had onco beon, and ' false brethren'. had already become an expres sion understood among them (Gal. ii. 4) It was at last dctcrmiced That Paul and Barnabas, tho . representatives of greater liborty, of real spiritual experience and evangelisation, 'should go up to J.rusalem unto tho apostles ".'.nd ciders about this qiies-. tian.'_ There were rio cxpret's trains' running in those days, and work for God could bo done ondho journey, olher. than scrcaming-againil tho noise, across a crowded third-class carriage, with no certainty of being .understood. They 'being brought on their way by the church (»' e conveyed and lodged by brethren who countrd it an honour), passed through ' Phonics am! Samaria, declaring tho conversion c£ tho Gen tiles : and they caused great joyunto all the brethren.' It is very probable that the men of Jr.dc*, who had raised' tho question about circnmei-.idn, caused very little joy;to their .brethren on the jonrmy. Doctrinal questions are poor food for.hungry sonls; they mBy havo their place, and Paul, who had Christ for his wisdom, did not introduce > them everywhere, bat ho never found any plico whero ho could not toll of tho things which tho Lord haj. done, rousing tho spirit of praise and joy every where. v . ; . When they arrived in Jerusalem, they were in no hurry to introduce their aide of tho ques tion vfhicli brought them thither, as ,we have known many do, who arc full of the question of election, or of infant baptism, or of church position, or of the coming of the Lord. They were ' received of the church,'and before any disputing took place. ' they declared all things that God bid done with them.' If in the provinces these glorious tidings of Gcd's grace among the countries in Asia Minor had caused joy how much no-# should the Jerusalem Church rejoice, prairo God, and sit at the feet of God's servants to learn tfarongh them some thing of missionary zeal! Alas, it was not so; a spirit of debate was abroad amongst them, which took o casion to manifest itself. 'There roio up certain of the sect of the Ph Discos which, believed, saying, That' it was need ful to circumcise th*m, and to command them to keep the law of Moses.' Paul's journey to Jerusalem at this timo was not of man; ' I went up by reTelstion,' he said, ' and communicated unto them that gospel which I preach among the Gentiles' (Gal. ii. 2) What was there peculiar in Paul's preaching ? Only that he insisted on the real thing; ' newness of life' (Rom. vi. 4); 'a now crcsturo' (2 Cor. v. 17); old things passing away and all things becoming new; the old mjin put oil and the now man put on (Ej>h. iv. 22-24)j that those who wero dead in sins should bo quickened together with Ohiiit (Kph. ii. 6); and he mode 'dead indeed unto sin, hut alive unto God through Jesus Christ'(Rom vi. 11). and all through the freo graco of God (Rom. iii. 24 j I Gal. ii. 1G 21; Hpn. ii 8 9). These realities which must be experienced, and the fruit of | which every man must soo, wero tho staplo of Pa-4's pre&chiag; among the Gentiles. Paul had private jnterviows with 'them which were of reputation,' and the result wit, that evon Titus, ono or his Greek converts who" acoompanied him, was not compelled to be oir cumciicd, so thoroughly wore thoy convinced that Paul WAS in the right in socking to raako men Christians wilhout compelling them tj be Jews. 411 thistronblo was brought about by ' false brethren unawares brought in, who coma in privily- to spy out our liberty which we have In Christ Jssuji, that tt'J might brine us into bondage.', Satin is novor atalosi to lied °f»lio brethren' who are rsady to serve his purpose in bringing dear children of God into bond'ge, Wh -rsver a question about doctrine, or about some outward forns, i» to brought to work upon us as to csuso us constant harass and perplexity, wo may be sure Satan is at the bottom of it. Whep God .gives us light upon anything in which we are In darkness, although it may bumble us very much, i yet such-a. joy ootnos over us that He has so lovingly opened our eyes, ami the step Ho shows US in is so clear, thut fnstcad or harassing us, ittalms and strengthens ns. God permits these faleo brethren to try our faith,'hut there is one sure w-iy of meeting them, it Is by re nouncing all controversy ar.d ootping tp the Lord Jlimiclf about tho question,., lh reotful assurance that Ho will gj*0 B| Jlght If w« are qniet and still, H« will not fail to show his Jllindj andthen Ho will cnabla-us to aot liko ' Paul'in relation to those false brethren !n wo, Pive place by subjection no, 2 f„ ono hour' (Gal. 11. 4, 5). In Paul1. . "' .'0r as ho did in the light of-lho Holv QhoBt°tt? world was not divided into .Tows and Gontil but into Christiana and worldlings; and hot such n union amongst those who wero Ohrbt's 'tj and Greek, male nor female; Cor yo aro'iulouo i'/cfe irinl 111' OQ\ ,»»HC as to aiiik nil differences of nationality an,i position; 'thero is ■ neither Jew nor Greek thvro.u neither bond nor frco. thero i« r.™ ' Jcsua* (fifiK iii. 28). Tho apostles and elders cerao together t* consider this matter of judaiiiogtho GentiU discipleB Aftor much had born said on both sides, IVtor roso up and sooko with all the authority of an eye-witness, rominding thB olders how God had chosen in tho first instance ?A mnlrA lino aF U«m 4a ^u>^ t i _ ,« ^ which knowoth tho hearts, baro them witness' giving thorn tho Holy Ghost, ovon as He did unto us; and put no diiforenco between us and them, purifying thoir hearts by faith.' \fhst could be stronger ovidonco? If God gave the Holy Ghost to. uneircumcisrd equally as to circumcised, what advantage wos it for a be lieving Gontile to bo circumcised? Peter's words woro a confirmation of Paul's own teaching. 'In Christ Jesus noither circum oieion availoth anything, nor uneircumeision but faith- which worketh hylove' (Gal. v. 6) • —|liut a now creature'(Gal. Ti. 15). Then Peter continued,Now therefore why tempt jo God, to put a yoke upon the neck of the disciples, which neither our fathers nor we woro ahlo to| bear ? But wo bcliovo that thrcugh tho grace of tho Lord Jesus Ohriet we shall be saved, even as they.' ' Peter had seen with his own eyes the work of God'among tho Gentiles, his in art warmed when ho heard Paul and Barnabas describe what GoAhid done by them, and lie rcjoicol i.t the triumphs of God's grsco; yes, these'Gentiles'were indeed saved, and saved by grace, and only, through grace could the circumcised Jewe bo aired. hoheait of man is set on .self-glory; one man will pride himself, on his pedigree (never reckoning from Adam) ; another's piidois in the country to which he belongs;' onb will value himself oil bis being a Churchman ; another equally on his being a Wesleyan or a Baptist; anot her will t hink he has attained the acme of - distinction in being' a" Plymouth Brother. Some, again, will value themselves on their cleverness in business, some on a special talent, some on tboir external attractions, some on their bible knowledge, ecmo on their self denial and devotion. V But'all self-valuation is antagoniitio:to grace." Grace is God meeting us in our need, in our nothingness, in our powerlessnesspcomiug in,to.lake a place which we havo abdicated ; ■ tho smallest self-compla ccncy shuts out God.' It was evident enough from tlio. rosults atha't Paul' and Barnabas, workiDg.in the grace of God, had achieved more than those.who would, condemn them. sifter Peter's speech . ' tho multitude kept silence and gave audience to Barnabas and Paul, declaring what miracles and wonders Qod had wrought among tho Gciiliics by them.' They told of their work in Cyprus, in Pisidian Antioch, in Iconium, where tliere'was so much blessing in tho conversion of Jews and Greeks, and where signs and wonders'wore done by their bands (Acts iiv, 1-3), and then of Lystra, where Pauled had been stoucd and yet healed 1 by the Lard the same day, and of Derbe. AU this produced a profound impretsion, and sub sequently James decided that the Gentile Christians should not bo constrained in any way to conform to Jewish usages o-her than tbnt they should abstain from pollutions of idols, from eating things strangled, from ealirg bio jd, and from formes'ion. Thus ended the first council of the Chri>tian Chii'ch, and the Jjord gave vicfory.to the word of'His grace. ■A woRLDir father, after the stylo of Lord Chesterfield, is giving |sood adrioe tp his eon, who is about to enter society. And, above all, avoid flirtations; but if you must .flirt, or fall in loro, sir, be sure that it is with a pretty woman. It is always safer.' 'Why?' asked the young man. ' Because some other fellow will bo sure to ho attracted; and - cut you out before any harm has been done.' 