ELLEN. " But, Bill, it's eighteen months now since yon heard from the girl. She may be spliced to a potato miner in her native village by this, and not giving the gold miner 10,000 mileB away a second thought." "No fear, Eb: there's no go back in Ellen. Yon don't know. her. She'll stick to me like oement, and when I get this thou sand-ouncer, which is waiting somewhere for me to unearth, I'll out straight for home and Ellen." " YeB! your style to a hair. You're just dead shook on that girl. Every prospect you wash is for Ellen. You pick and shovel, cradle and pan—all for Ellen. Now, wouldn't you curl up and snarl if some other hloke stepped in and sneaked her off ?" " There's no need to trouble about what I do, because I'm just as sure of her as if I had her by my side all these months. So let's close the subject, and go and see what's moving at Mac's." "A'right. I'm sick o' this foolin', any how. We're fast mates, whatever comes, eh, old boy ?" . " We are, Eb." And true friendship was in the firm clasp of their hands and the glint of their eyes as the words were spoken. William Wright, the elder of the two, a tall, handsome young Englishman, had left the old country three years previously,reckon ing on winning a fortune out here, and re turning again to his sweetheart in about eighteen months. A short experience had taught him the fallacy of his calculation, but if perseverance and hard work could have won succesB, he would soon have been back home wealthy; for, as Eb said, he dug, hauled, and washed with the one object in view, that every ounce of gold brought him nearer to the brown- haired little lass who had sworn constancy to him a hundred times before his departure. He had not received a letter from her for eighteen months, although he had written every mail; but he knew that letters went astray as often as not, and reassured himself with the fact. His mate, Eb Shaw, was a light-hearted young fellow, described by the diggers as the true grit. He was not a colonial, but had lived so long in Victoria that he called him self one, and was proud of it. He followed the diggings for love of the rollicking, devil-may-care life. His father waB a farmer in the old country, and had tried his hardest to keep him to agricultural pursuits, without avail; for the young man looked with con tempt on that slow hnm-drum life and its surroundings. He and Bill had met in Mel bourne, and after a short acquaintance had gripped bands and sworn eternal brother hood, and had started for the diggings to gether. "What d'ye think, Bill?" said Eb the evening after the conversation narrated. " The Flat's off it's head. Baldy's run out of soap, and you can't buy a drop of hair oil for love or money. Old Mac's goin' to get a barmaid, a regular high-flier, from Mel bourne. There's enterprise for you." " Eh?" said Bill, in surprise. " A barmaid. A real live thing in petti coats, with her own hair and teeth. By Jingo ! I must buy a clean shirt." " Nonsense, man ! What woman would comeamong this crowd ? Why, there isn't another female on the flat." "Isn't there? What do you call Mary Macmurty ? If she heard you say that she'd floor you with her washboard. " " Oh, I forgot her.. She's so like a man that the difference is not worth mention ing." " Well, the charmer s going to lodge with 'her. Can you cut hair, Bill? Look here, I've got enough hair on my head to pad a .mattress. And I had a white collar once. What's become of it ?" "I tied it on a stick to wash the plates with." " You did ? Well, I'm cussed ! What's a fellow going to dress in ? What's a fellow to cover himself up with if you use his togs for culinary purposes ? I'm goin' courtin' some time, an' I'll want that collar. You've got a ten- horse cheek, you have." " You'll have to be careful, Eb. This Nymph will have you on her hook in no time. You are very susceptible." " Yes, so I am. Oh, woman ! lovely wo man ! Grease my boots, Bill." j "Will I? Grease your boots yourself. Your clayey boots were always good enough before. When's this heart-breaker coming, to cause this flutter?" " What's that got to do with you ? She's my property. Be content with the lovely Ellen, and don't fool round what doesn't concern you. I'm goin' down to Mac's now. Comin' ?" "No, not j ust yet. I might be down in an hour or so, Eb went off, Binging— "My love she was a blue-eyed lass," j and Bill turned into the tent, to read over j again the letter which he had received from j Ellen eighteen months before. It was worn j into squares with being constantly folded j and unfolded, and the many kisses pressed i upon it had not preserved it any. It was ; full of promises and hopes—promises of ever faithful love, and hopes of soon again having her handBome lover by her side. Bill kissed the unconscious paper, and put it away again ; and with nis head bowed upon his : hands, sat musing of the time when he should havo wealth enough to go home, and bring back a darling wife to the land h6 had learned to love. All he wished was that she might live in comfort. Had he never seen her he would not have left his home and friends to seek fortune in a strange land. His every thought was for her and her hap piness. There was not one selfish fibre in nis whole constitution. She was the idol of his life. Throw down that idol, and life would be an existence not worthr living. About two hours later, as he lay reading an old London paper, Eb rushed in, and, throwing himself upon his bunk, he clasped his hands over hie heart, and said, in a small voice— " She's come." " Who has come ?" asked Bill. "Why, the barmaid. Seven stone of solid charms, got up as trim as a Blue Mountain parrot. And don't Bhc cheek the boys, too. She caught Jeff Harris under the ear with a corkstrew, 'cause he said he could knock out any man who dared to say she hadn't a stunning pair of ankles. And her name's Sally," Eb rolled about, and looked so oomioally smitten that Bill burst into a hearty laugh, " Did you try to do a bit of killing?" he asked. " I felt too uncommon small," answered Eb. "She's such a gay deceiver, an' snaps a fellow up bo that I had scarce cheek enough to order a drink." " You mustn't be backward, Eb. Paint heart nevcrwonfairlady." " Oh ! dry up, and go to sleep. Wait till you see her, and I'll oet a bottle of Mac's own make that you'll orow small about your Ellen," And rolling into his bunk, the pair of them were soon sound asleep. Bill was least concerned of any man in the camp, about .the newcomer. He knew very well the character of her class of women; and it was more for company than anything rise that he followed Eb nest evening to M'Mahon'a shanty, or Mao's, as it was com monly called. It was only seven o'clock, but the night was black as pitch, .and the rain poured down in torrents. : They could hear Yellow Creek rushing between its banks as they hurried alone eager for shelter, the foot-bridge—an old tree—being slippery with the rain. Eb passed into the well-lighted shanty first, but Bill stopped at the door, holding the canvas in his hand, and his face became ghastly pale as he saw a young woman behind the rndely-construoted oounter; she was laughing loudly, and bandying jests with the diggers of a none too delicate cha racter. What innocence had ever shone in her countenance had fled, and she bore the faded and brazen look that distinguishes so many of her class, but she was still fair to look upon. For a few moments Bill stood in the doorway, his face pallid, and his body trembling as though he had seen a ghost; then, with a hollow groan, be hurried away into the darkness. Eb passed through into another part of the shanty, divided off by a canvas partition, thinking that Bill had fol lowed him in. After about ten minutes, he came into the part used as a bar, and not seeing Bill there, asked the men if he had gone out again. " He never corned in, mate," said one. "What? Didn't Bill follow me ?" asked Eb, in surprise. "Never showed his nose inside this shan ty," answered the man. Eb hurried over to Baldy'e, the man who served the diggers with groceries. - No Bill there. He was not at their tent. Eb could find him nowhere, and with a white face and misgiving in his heart, he returned to the shanty. All that fearful night he and two others searched, but saw nothing of the miss ing man. 'Twas not .till seven o'clock next morning that they found his body in Yellow Creek, stark dead. How he had got there no one knew. Eb's grief knew no bounds; he kissed the cold face, and sobbed like a child. How Bill could have got into the creek they wondered as they carried him to Mac's. He knew every inch of the country, and could not have come there by accident. It must have been suicide, or the slippery nature of the bridge. As they entered the Bhanty, the new barmaid was serving a cus tomer. Her eyes rested for a moment on the dead face, then with a shriek she dropped the bottle from her nerveless fingers, and rushing out, fell on her knees by the body. She clasped the face between her hands, and, kissiDg it madly, murmured—" Willie ! Willie! Willie 1" No need of conjectures now ; she was his Ellen. Her story was soon told. Becoming weary of waiting for letters which never came, she had at length determined to follow her lover. After some trouble, she succeeded in getting a passage third-class. Bad com panions on the Bhip was the first step to ruin, and by the time she arrived she had fallen. She could get no knowledge of her betrothed in Melbourne, nor in fact did Bhe seek him, for, lost as she was, she could not have faced him. 'Alone and helpless, in a strange place, she turned to some of her ship companions; their assistance conld be had only under certain circumstances. Bad led to worse, but not being thoroughly de praved, she succeeded in getting employ ment, which, at any rate, was better than her previous life. She left Black Frog Diggings after the burial, and what became of her is a mystery, like so many of the old goldfield romances. Eb also left shortly afterwards, the remem brance of his drowned mate's face haunting him for many years. Whether Willie Wright committed snicide or accidentally fell into the creek is another mystery. It is quite possible the unfortunate fellow may have slipped on the treacherous bridge, and in his despair and utter wretchedness pro bably never even made a struggle to save himself. The place where this happened has long ago become a populous mining town, and few are now alive who remember the fate of coor Willie, or the fair but frail Ellen .—Australian Tit-Bits. 