THE MANIFOLD CHBI3T. [By Eev. Hesey Waed Beeciiee.] Te are My friends, if ye do whatsoever I command jou. Henceforth I call you not servants ; for the tenant knoweth not what bis IiOid doeth : but I have called you friends; for all things that I have beard of My Father I have made known unto yon.— John XT. 11, 15. There is an exterior relation in human life and an interior. There is an external relation of mea to God; and there is another, that is higher, more spiritual, Tbis is declared here, perhaps first, when Christ raises His disciples from the rank of duty to the rank of love. They were His servants before; they did whatsoever He commanded them ; they knew something of Him ; but he bays -. ' Hereafter I shall call you friend?. I tell you everything, clean heartedly. as I have known ic from Aly Father.' The ordinary esperienceof Christian men by so means expresses the experience that is shadowed forth in Christ's teaching. The difference between an average experience in a Christian congregation and a possible one is as great as the difference between the ground on which we tread aad the airy atmosphere above our heads, full of light and warmth and life. A tree is a tree to every body, but it is not alike to everybody. It is one thing to a lumberman, who looks upon it and thicks how much it will cut, a d of its value in the market, quite irroi;j- ctive of everything else. It is another t'.'.ing to a poet, who sees it lift itself up on come mountain ridge, clean against the sky, black in tbe eveEing.andradiantallday long. To him it is like a hymn or a vision. As he sees it, it is anything but a tree as the lumberman sees it; and he curses the lumberman far cutting it down ; and the lumberman calls him a fool for wanting it preserved. Vet it is the same tree. To another, a weary traveller, hot and hungry, a tree ia an arbor, a hostelry of entertainment ; and he sits down under its boughs with great delight. It is : ot, how ever, the tree, but himself, that he f. lioitatea. Another is an orchardist, and Che tree that he locks upon is f ruit-beariag. :hyeiy thing else, in his view, U subs- diary to that; and he has thoughts of the treeth*t are utterly unlike those of either -:£ the pro cedicg. Another man is a landscape gardener; and to him a tree is simply one element in the composition of th at noblest sphere of pictorial art where the earth is the canvas, and trees and vines are pigments, and the landscape is the picture. But there comes a botaniBt, who may or may not have sympathy with all these. He studies the in ward structure of the root, and its functions ; the bait, and its functions. The wood, the earth, and all the parts that go to make the tree are to him a living orgmiem, complex, co-operative. All these, and mvay others, looking upon the tree, see a different thing. To each of them it is something, according to that in the mac and in the manner vhi^h sees it. How if a tree reveals itself with so maiiy manifestatiops, how much more a maa, ia bedily structure, in social relations, ia civic relations, in commercial or constructive rela tions, or still more from the psychological standpoint. Man is made np of the infinite co-operations and crossings of the thread of thoughtandf eelicg manifold in the loom of the heed. When we rise from man, higher, to divinity, how much more varied mast the in spection be ! for now our senses no longer helpns. Now, it is the intellect that must needs work; and it is the intellect, working sot from beneath, upon practical matters, but from above ; and through the wings of the imagination it stirs and develops in the thought and ideal. It is God to him, to eash. 'Whatever imperfection there may be, to every man the only revelation of God that can be made is through his own individuality and personality; and it is through that ex tended personality of the human race that, gradually accumulating, has come down to us, at length, a God of moral quality, lumi nous, over and above a God of physical power and wisdom ; the idea of God has been in the ascendant ; and steadily, through the ages, it has become more and more pure, majestic, moral, asd less and less vulgar, brutal, with mere power— and satanic power, largely, at that. But you ask, can we under ftandthespirit? Canweanderstandthatwhich is invisible and removed from our sensuous observation? Can a men undertake to love that which he knows nothing about, except by the weaving of the web of his own imagination? Ten thousand thousand wit nesses testify that it ia possible. Indeed, I . think that all higher natures, at any rate, at all lifted above the middle meridian line, as it were, are conscious, when they are away from their friends, that it is not the friends' persons, their bones or bodies, that they carry with them, but the invisible and essential ele ment. Our friends far from us are all ghosts— not miserable midnight squeaking ghosts, but invisible spirits, made up of that in them which is most subtle, and by us cherished, because least allied to and adul terated with fleshy qualities, and there can be no more question that the vision of our God can become tangible, not to our hands, but to our thoughts, than that we can carry our friends in the spirit embrace. Much of that which is called knowledge, however, in this framing to ourselves a conceptionof God, of Christ, is mere bark. It is not a living Christ There are a great many Christs ; in deed, I preach this morning on the mani fold Christ Christ is revealed to a great many, in so far as they know anything about it, simply aa a record. He is to them the historic Christ. The imagination under takes to reconstruct a picture from the mate rials of history. We go back to Jerusalem. We picture the temple. We see Christ walking there. We hear Him discoursing. We behold the objecting Pharisee and the wrathful Scribe. We go with him to the Mount of Olives. We picture the mountain, and the umbrageous trees bending down above him. We imagine the whispering twilight. We listen to the conversation of the Saviour, after the labor and heat of the day, with those that are so near and we behold the scenes with the suters and the* beloved brother. This history is very important, if out of it grows something that is your history besides; it furnishes those materials out of which you are to frame a personal Chrut— that is, one for yourself ; but they are no more the real Christ to you than the holy Child and mother were really the Virgin and the Son of God to the old sxtiBts. They framed beautiful pic tures ; their mistresses sat for likenesses ; and they called them the Madonnas. And what did they care — if the color was harmonias and right, if all the accessories were beautiful, and if -they flamed in the galleries of art? There wbb their little Christ ; and they were very proud of it. What was He to them but simply an imagined thing, framed in history for artistic purposes, with no reference what ever to their personal interest in it except as artists ? Besides this Christ of the past, that may be celebrated without impropriety, but without much benefit, we may follow through all the days of the Lent, and make Him most profitable to us ; or we may follow Him all the days through to the crucifixion, the resurrection, and the very ascension, and we will have seen nothing in the world but a kind of dramatic picture reproduced from the materials of history. It is no more to us than the Hamlet of the stage or any creature in history. Thousands and tens of thou sands do it. It is empty and void of its peculiar possibility. It may not harm a person, unless it leads him tosuppose that this is all, and that no more can be obtained. Then, next comes the Christ of the intellect, tbe product of the thought power, pure and simple, analysed, all the parts of His life being dissected and separated, one by one. His incarnation, with all the questions SptiLglbg Out of na.turftl l*v. Bis child hood and grosrtb, with all the tjiestiong psychologic that relate to them ; Hie inspira tion, whence, of what kind? His miracles, real, possible, or merely imaginary? the nature of the controversy between Htm and His adversaries; His trial by the roles of justice and equity; His death, whether by natural phenomena or in some way in volved in a mysterious spirituality; His resurrection ; His ascension ; His relations to His Father ; whether he was a man or a pure God, or a God incarnate. These questions open the widest realm, perhaps, of speeuU lation, in the whole human experience. They take in the nature of the great Creator, and the nature of Christ as a manifestation of God. They take in all the realm of moral go vernment; all the scientific facts con nected with the human structure; and all the relation of man to natural laws. There is no end to them. There is a peculiar sphere of theology ; and a man may be a drilled and perfected theologian, so that bis thoughts and the results ot thinking shall have as many tomes as now lie, thank God, mubtying in the libraries, and yet he shall have no Christ. The Christ of the intellect nay accompany, and may wonderfully help and invigorate the Christ of faith ani of love, and personal Christ ; but in and of itself it is no more the real Christ than the anatomy of a human being is your father, your brother, or jour husband. Its life is all gone out of it, and it is a structural Christ, analytic. Acd yet very largely that is the prevailing Christ of men. It is the Christ certainly that men have fought for and died for. It ia the Christ of every sect that calls itself orthodox. Then there is the symbolic Christ, addressed to lovely sympathies, but most to the sympa thies that cluster round about a most esthetic nature, a beauty- loving, art-appreciative nature. The Christ of the churches has very largely been such. The pictures, the bjmbols of it, its crosses, ceremonies, proces sions, &c;, have all been profusely painted. I sat in the Catholic church, in the west, of what is called 'The Adoration of the Gross.' From out cf some precious scrip was drawn what appeared to'be au ebony cross with a golden Christ upon it ; and after it had been dusted the assembly gathered arcund in successive rings and circles, and it was presented by the priest with as much reverence as could be ex pected, where he had to do it five hun dred times ; and each recipient kissed the feet of Jesus. I stood in a clouded hour, and I seeded something very much, and I withed I couldgo up. I should have liked to have adored even the image of Christ. As it was, I looked upon the poor, ignorant, and as it seemed to me, over-worked throng that were there, asd saw their reverence, with intense human sympathy. I should have been glad to have mixed with them, and to have taken the holy water, and to have crossed myself with it, and have gone to the altar and kissed the emblem of my Saviour, that I might be joined with this great mass of palpitating, longing, needful, human crea tures. But as I went out, and lifted up my ?eyes in almost the only clear spring day that I had found, ' the whole heavens 'seemed to me to open, and my Christ rose from behind the clouds, and from the sunlight, and filled the whole air ; and I knew that it was* my lower human sympathy with mankind that had led me to desire in ward symbolisation; but there came instead of it (possibly joumaysay by the ministration of it ; be that as it may) this other experience ; and the whole heaven was not enough to de clare the glory of Him whom I had made mine becanse He had made me His. So, while the symbolic representations of Christ, of various Chritts, in pictures, crosses, altars, services and ceremonials may be of use — if they minister to nothing else, I will not say that they are useless — but they coins short, utterly, of the glorious reality that is offered to every human being. At last we come to the Christ described in the New Testament— Christ in you. A man is privileged to have a Christ that seems to him to have been born out of the elements of tjtcesBity in him; that adepts itself to the peculiar structure of his nature ; that fits into all the events and various evolutions and experiences of his life — so much his that nobody else can have it, Pat into anybody else it would not express itself as in hioa. It is ' Christ ia you, the hope of glory,' formed cut of your necessities, out of your yearn ings, out of your aspirations, oat of your sorrows, out cf your joys, out of your temp tations. It is the Christ that has been around about you through the series of your days and years, over against every facet of the diamond soul ; so that year individuality is inseparably wrapped up with yottr concep tion of the Jesus that is yours. It may bo less glorious than another's, or it may bo more glorious than another's; but it is jours. It is Christ as seen through your soul's inspection, and as revealed to you by all the spiritual and temporal necessities of your history and your life. It is born in yoa an infant, growing up in you, as it were, through its youth, that ie, your youth of knowledge, becoming regent, sad at last triumphant in you, so that yoa can say, ' Whom have I in heaven but Thee? There is none on earth I desire beside Thee.' You are the richer because you think that He ia throned in your soul as He is in that of nobody else; but you imi?overish nobody because He is individual ana personal to you, Tbe truth remains the same, that every man's tfficient Christ must have had such a relation to his personality and his history that in the most literal and intense sense of that term he can say, 'Christ in me; mjr Christ.' It cheats nobody. It takes Christ away from nobody. He belongs to me in many special respects ; for nobody has had my straggles, nobody has had my temptations, nobody has had my deliverances, nobody has borne my griefs, but He and I together. Nobody has probed the darkness as I have, but he was my morning star. Nobody has felt the cross, the yoke and the burden that I have felt, or that you have felt each of you separately, indi vidually, and personally ; and no one else can feel them except in my place or in your place ; and it is all these ministrations to you —the coining in mercy, the coming in judg ment, the coming in reproof, the coming in encouragement and hope, or the coming in inexpressible love— that constitute Him to you something that He cannot be to anybody else. I do not suppose there are two persons in this congregation who, when they think of Jesus, thick just alike. If it were possible to have spiritual photographs, as you might imagine projected from your thought and feeling about Christ, I suppose there would be at least three thousand of them here. Some of them would be shadowy, almost without features; some would be less obscure than others ; some would be more stern than others; some would be more glorious than others; some would be more full of picturesque imagination than others ; and some would be more full of the deep experieeces of a life much tried than others ; but they would all have a relation to the per* sonal experiences of the person whose thought of Christ thus projected itself into a visible form. In this way it is that Christ reveals Himself, or seeks to, among men. ' Behold, I stand at the door and knock. If any man open unto me, I will come in unto him and will sup with him, and he with Me. I am the vine ; ye are the branches. As the branch cannot bear fruit of itself except it abide in the vine, no more can ye, except ye abide in Me.' It is the Christ into whom you have been grafted, and from whom yoa have derived the very fife-blood of your exist ence. The Christ of faith is the revelation made through the imagination of the truth to you, and it is high above the sensuous reason. The judgment of a man's philo sophical faculty may have somewhat col laterally helped him if he knows how to apply it ; but, after all, the vision of Christ that comes to you through your personal experience is higher than Che judgment of any philosophy; higher than any result that joucan make by analysis or by recomoosition —by synthesis. When out of your soul needs, and the revelation of your soul experiences, you find before you the constant picture of this thought, and the joy of your soul, do sot undertake to repaint it by tbe reason. I*t It float before you in all its beautiful hues, and in all its pristine forms. Let your Christ be the disembodied Christ of the imagination, bearing to your various necessities patience, or gentleness, or courage, or joy. or hope, which you shall see refloated from His benign face. (To be concluded in our next. ) 