Sketches of Country Life in New South Wales. A NATIVE CAMP. HAT was once a frequent object in the country is now a very rare one, that is a camp of aboriginals. What with having been slaughtered wholesale in the old lawless days, and since, no less surely butchered by drink and disease in these later ones, that poor simple child of nature is being slowly but surely improved from the face of the earth. A. camp of them but seldom in- cludes men in the full vigour of strength and manhood : it will be I».-*-, W a refuge for the old men, grey and grizzled, and the old women in the last stage of decrepitude and ugliness. How ugly they are no words can adequately describe great thick, black, blubber lip's, hanging and exposing almost.tôothless gums, flat noses, and eyes almost sight- less from ophthalmia, once graceful and erect forms, mis- shapen and bent from many years toiling as beasts of burden. The young women are by no means so unsightly as the old ; their faces are often pleasing and figures shapely, whilst their walk is the embodiment of grace. Old and young are ardent lovers of tobacco, and all of every age and both sexes smoke, which is second only to rum in their estimation. Children run about in what should be the most ornate of garments, if it is true that " beauty unadorned is adorned the most ;" these children, though dark enough by reason of their natural colour, have acquired a deeper tint from revelling in dirt, and rolling about amongst the horde of half-starved mangy dogs, which are the pride of the camp, and dearer to them than any flocks and herds would be. But the children, though dusky, are seldom full- blooded blacks, and the birth amongst them of pure blacks is becoming rarer year by year. It is a great pity that thiä race has proved itself so incorrigibly indolent, as their perceptions are very quick, and patience great, and their fidelity to a master incor- ruptible ; but though they will work fora time, constant regular employment is an abomination to them, and they will fly from it. The very regularity of their meals when employed is a grievance, for they would infinitely prefer eating up-a week's rations at one meal, and then lying dormant for a time ; and they can sustain long periods without food seemingly with very little incon- venience. Their occupation and object in life is the chase, and in their mode of pursuing this they choose those modes Avhich are silent and stealthy, instead of bolder methods. When killing with spear or boomerang they seldom miss, being true of eye and hand, and,the fatal weapon whirrs through the air and brings the quarry down unerringly. Though destitute of religion they have a cloudy sort of belief in a high and mysterious power, which, however, is not kindly and benevolent, but evil and malignant ; and they will break up camps and hasten away with the utmost precipitation if a snake invades ¡ it, or a bird of a particular kind perches in a tree over- j head, which they take as an unmistakeable notice to | quit ; and any neglect of this warning they would expect to be followed by the vengeance of the devil-devil. , Very few nations are without some form of marriage, but these people appear to have, none ; the women have no say in their disposal from childhood to the grave ; as long as the father is alive he chooses his daughter's hus- band, even if death or desertion have necessitated a second or a third, unless in the event of the decease of , the husband he has a brother, whose property the wife j becomes by right of inheritance ; it is no matter if he have one or more wives he must take this one too, as well as her children ; but failing the brother, the father has the disposal of the widow's hand, and his word can, dissolve a union. When sickness comes they are powerless to meet it, and probably look upon all visitations of illness (es- pecially if in the form of epidemic J as the work of an evil spirit. When the King of Terrors has done his work they proceed to burial in different modes, according, to the laws of the tribe. One buries their dead in a sitting posture, sometimes not .waiting till the breath is out of the body before firmly binding it in that position ; all the relatives are gathered together, and in the dead of night the remains are laid to rest, every article belong- ing to the deceased being put into the grave with him, either from fear of being haunted by the ghost, or from the hope that he may require them in another state ; grass is placed under and around the body, then bark, and the grave is filled in ; all the time the. mourners keep up an ear-splitting dirge and wailing most pitifully, whilst they wave torches enveloped in green branches, which give forth more smoke than flame, the cries and smoke being intended to scare the evil spirit away and to blind his eyes, .so that he should not see where they had buried their dead. Their ideas of mourning are of a most primitive character, and consist in immediately moving all camps of the departed, precipitately leaving the spot and not returning to it for a lengthened period, and bedaubing the head, eyebrows, and beard with mud, which dries on, and as it falls off is renewed till the time of mourning has expired ; and from the time of the death the lost one is never spoken of ; and if a white person asks after him he gives deep offence; or if forced to speak, the name is never, under any circumstances, uttered. An aboriginal camp is a fearful sight when the tribe have succeeded in procuring drink ; and they do get it, in spite of the stringent laws against it. At rare in- tervals a camp will be enlivened by a general muster ; remnants of hostile tribes will bury the hatchet for the time being, and for a week they will feast and cor roborrie, dancing weird dances, and singing strange monotonous unmusical songs, with nothing of the nature of harmony about them, except the time, but they dance, and sing, and shout to rythmic measure, and seem to have most extraordinary effect on the dancers, either lulling them to listless quiet and motions of the gentlest sort, or rousing them up to the most passionate and enthusiastic gestures, in which they leap, throw spears, make the most horrible grimaces, every bone and muscle quivering with fury and rage apparently ; but a clash of boomerangs, or beat of their rude drums, alters it all in a moment, and the lately infuriated warriors laugh till their large flat teeth become offen- sively prominent, and rage subsides to jollity, and a sort of theatrical performance goes on which makes the non-performers shriek with merriment, so of course must be very funny indeed. Few as the aboriginal camps are now, they will soon be fewer still and more sparsely inhabited ; there can be no question whatever that they are rapidly dying out-dying out as weak ignorant races always do die out before the stronger and more intellectual European. I am afraid that those who have supplanted them will have much to answer for, having by cruelty, neglect, and indifference, helped to exterminate a people who, with dense ignorance and savage natures, yet have some qualities which it would, be well if their white brothers would imitate. STYLUS. 