INDUCTION OF THE REV. M. RIORDAN. The many friends of this gentleman will read with much interest the follow- ing account from the Bendigo Independent, of the Induction ceremony, which places the reverend gentleman in full charge of the important pastorate of Chalmers Church, Sandhurst:— In accordance with the arrangements made by the Castlemaine Presbytery, the induction of the Rev. V. M. Riordan to the charge of Chalmers' Church took place when there were present the Revs. Dr. Nish, B. M'Cay, Angus, Connor, Lewers, Chambers and Stoker. After the meeting had been duly opened by the Rev. Mr Connor, Mr M'Cay, clerk of the Presbytery, announced that the edict had been returned as duly read, and in accordance with the usage of the Pres- byterian Church, he called upon any person who had any objections to make to the life and doctrine of the Rev. V. M. Riordan to state them, failing which they would proceed with the induction. The Rev. G. M. Connor preached the in- duction sermon, taking as his text the 4th chapter Mark, from the 26th to 29th verses ; after which Mr M'Cay announced that the Rev. J. C. Johnstone, who was to have narrated the steps, was unavoid- ably absent. He congratulated the con- gregation upon the position they were now in. When the pastoral tie be- tween them and their late pastor was dis- solved in December last, grave fears were expressed as to the future of the con- gregation. He had to congratulate them upon the fact that the vacancy had been a short one, and that they were about to receive among them one so eminently suited for the position of their pastor. He then called upon the members and ad- herents of the congregation to stand up, and then asked them to testify to their adherence to the call they had given, by holding up the right hand. This having been done, he addressed himself to the Rev. Mr Riordan, putting to him a series of questions as to his belief in the teach- ings of the Presbyterian Church and his intention to abide by its rules and regula- tions. These having been satisfactorily answered, he, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, and the name of the Castle- maine Presbytery, declared the Rev. Mr Riordan pastor of the church, and in token thereof the various members of the Presbytery present gave him the right hand of fellowship. The Rev. Mr Angus then addressed the minister, stating that although the truth he was about to utter might have been heard before, truth would always have the effect of strengthening and refresh- ing the mind. He would remind him that he would not always be able to see immediately the results of his work, still he must not be discouraged, for he would not be judged so much by results as by his fidelity. The more faith he exercised, the more private prayer he engaged in, the greater would be his gain. He would caution him to be careful as to his com- panions; in fact, it was better for him to have but few, and to let those few be well chosen. In order to be successful he must take care both of his bodily and spiritual health. He must also remember that he was looked to for an example, and he must in all things show the spirit of a Christian and a true gentleman. In addressing the congregation, Mr Angus remarked that they should always endeavour to encourage their minis- ter by regular attendance at church, by frequent prayer, both in the family circle and the church. The life of the church was in its prayer meetings, and he advised them to have the meetings either on Saturday evening or Sabbath morning for prayer, as thereby their minister would be greatly aided in his work. Let the people work together with the pastor, and they would do well. There was one thing that surprised many minis- ters on their arrival in the colony; that was, that there were many on the boards of management of the churches who were not members of the church. There was no warrant for such a thing in the New Testament. The church managers should be honest in the sight of all men, full of wisdom, and of the Holy Ghost. The latter qualification was of the most im- portance, but, unfortunately, was too often overlooked ; while it was to be de- sired that the whole congregation should partake of this blessing, it was particularly desirable for the office- bearers. The Sab- bath-school and Bible class should receive special attention, as it was from those sources that the church should be kept up. In conclusion, he urged them not to run about making complaints about the minister; let them pray that his faults might be overcome, and rather go and tell him personally of them, and it would be better for them all. At the close of the service the Rev. Mr Riordan was conducted to the door by the Rev. Mr M'Cay, and shook hands with each member of the congregation as they left the church. 