CIIAP'TERI X (('NTINUEi). "I nm not give a hint about you." " That was right. It is best that he shouldn't know about me, at any rate, just now." " But I should like so to tell him ! " said Mrs. Gray. " And you shall, in time, but not yet. I must know more, and see more, first." " Well you ought to know best," answered the sister, in a tone of gentle submission. "I'm sure he puzzles me ! " " Now," said Jacob, seating himself, " let us leave the boy to his rest. I wish to talk with you about old times-about the people down East." " It is a good while since I was in Maine, Jacob; I've almost forgotten all about the folks." " But there was one family that you will remember. Old Mr. Wilcox's; I want to hear about him." There was something constrained and unnatural in Jacob's manner; hlie had evidently forced himself to appear calm, when every word was sharpened with anxiety. Mrs. Gray shook her head; Jacob's heart fell, as he saw the motion. " Nothing can you tell me nothing ? " lie said, with an expression of deep anguish. " 0, Sarah, try, try ! you do not know how much happi ness a word from you would bring ! " " If I could but speak it," said Mrs. Gray, " how glad I should be. Mr. Wilcox sold out, and left Maine about the time we moved on to the Island; where lie went, no one ever heard. It was a very strange thing, everybody thought so, at the time; but that story about his daughter set people a talking, and I suppose lie couldn't bear it." Jacob uttered a faint groan-her words had taken the last hope from his heart. " And this is all you know, Sarah ? " "It is all anybody knows of old Mr. Wilcox or his fiamily. As for his daughter -let me think, that was just before you left the old gentleman ; nobody ever heard of her either. What is the matter ? are you going away, Jacob ? " " Yes, I will talk over these things, another time. Good night, Sarah. I will just throw myself on the bed till- day SIreak." " But you are not going away to live ? " "Yes; but you will see me every now and then; I shall stay near you-in, the city, may be." " Why not here ? I have enough for us both, and we two are all that is left, almost. It seems kind of hard for you to leave me so Ssoon. "Not now, Sarah; by-and-by we will settle down and grow old together: but the time has not come yet." "I forgot to ask, are you married, Jacob ? " " Married! " ansvered Jacob Strong, and a grim hard smile crept over his lips. " No, I was never mnarried. (;Good night, F.Sarah." " There, now, I suppose I've been in. quisitive and worried him," thought Mrs. Gray, as the bedroom door closed upon her .brother. " What a Thanksgiving it has "been! Who would have thought, this morning, that lie would sleep under my roof to-nuight, and Robert close by, without knowing a word of it " Well faith is a beautiful thing after all-I was certain that lie would come back alive, and sure enough" lie has! " Thus Mrs. Gray ruminated, unconscious of the lapse of time, till a sense of fatigue crept over her. Still she was keenly wake ful, for, unused to excitement of any kind, the agitation that crowded upon her, that day, forbade all inclination to sleep. There was a large inoreen couch in the room, and, as the night wore on, she lay down upon it, still thoughtful, and oppressed with the weight of her over-wrought feelings. Thus she lay till the candle burned out, and there was no light in the room, save that which came from a bed of embers and the rays of : a waning moon, half exhausted in the maple boughs. A sleepy sensation was at length con quering the excitement that had kept her so long watchful, when she was aroused by the soft tread of a foot upon the stairs. Quietly, and with frequent pauses, it came downward; the door opened and Mrs. Gray saw her nephew in his night-clothes, and bare-footed, glide across the room. He went directly to an old-fashioned work stand near the bedroom door and opened one of the drawers. Then followed a faint rustle of papers, and he stole back again softly, and with something in his hand. It was strange that Mrs. Gray did not speak; but some unaccountable feeling kept her silent, and, after she heard him cautiously enter his room again, the retlec tion that there was nothing but his own little property in the stand, tranquillized her. " He wanted something from the drawer, and so came down softly, that I might not be disturbed," she thought. Thus the kind lady re-assured herself, and, withli those gentle thoughts in hlier mind, she fell asleep. Mirs. Gray awoko early in the morning, and softly entered the spare bedroom. It was empty. No vestige of hier brother's visit remained. Like a ghost hlie came, like a ghost lie departed. She wenit up stairs the neophew was gone. Some time during that daiy she hlappened to thlink of his visit to. the work-stand. It was only the old copy-book tlhart lie had takeon. CiA.?lTERi I.--TJIE MOTIiELiS LETTER. Ir was two niighits after Thanksgiving. SLeicester had thlrown himself upon a counch :in his clhambcer. A little sofia-table was by hliis elbow, and upon it a small and richly chased salver, overllowing with niotes aind letters. Most of them were unopened, for he had been absent several days; and it often happened that, when hlie once kniew a hlandwriting Imud didl not fancy the corre spondence, lettiers rsemained for weeks un read on that little table, even wlhen lie was at home. But this morning Leicester seemed to have nerved himself to read everything that came to hand. Bills, letters heavy withi red wax froum the counting-room, and even dirty square-shaped missives, staimped withl keys or thimbles, passed successively through his hands. These coarse letters he took up first, sorting them out with his white fingers from the rose-tinted and azure notes, glittering with gold and fancy seals, with which they were interspersed. These notes, breathing a voluptuous odour, elo quent of that sentimental foppery from which deep, pure feeling recoils, Leicester flung aside in disgust. When all the Ibusiness letters were read, lie selected from this perfumed mass three little snow-whiteo notes, traced in delicate characters, that seemed yet unsteady with the trembling hand that had written them. A single drop of pale-green wax, stamped with a gem, held the envelopes ; and in all things these notes were singularly chaste, and unlike those he had left so contemptu ously unread. He broke the seals coldly, and perused each note according to its date. The contents must have been full of elo quence, wild and passionate; for they brought the colour even to his hardened cheek, and, toward the last, lie became somewhat excited. " By Jove, it is a pity these could not be published. How the creature writes-a perfect nightingale pouring forth her heart in tears. After all, it is amusing to see downright, earnest love like this. One two-three-1 wonder if there are no more ! " lie began tossing over the notes again. " Yes, yes, here is another, like a snowdrop in a cloud of buttercups. How is this ? the seal black, the handwriting delicately rigid-that of my lady mother." He spoke f little anxioduly, and, nufold ing the note, read the few lines it con tained, with a darkened brow. " Ill-is she, poor girl ?-ill, and delirious at timues - unfortunate that - physicians must be called, nurses-all a torment and a plague. My friend liobert has been of little use here, after all; I did think his handsome face might have helped me safely out of the whole business. Now, here is the question-shall I go up-re-assure her -take her away from the old lady-brave her friends ? No, it is not worth while ; a bullet through the brain must be un pleasant, especially to a reflecting mind; and these haughty Southerners make short settlements. Besides, I hate scenes. But then the girl is ill, has fretted herself to the brink of the grave. These are the very words-1 wonder my stately mamma ever brought herself to utter anything so pathetic. Well, she b,,s sultered--tlhe worst is over. When all hope is extinguished, she will find consolation, or die. Die-that would end all; but then death is so gloomy, and she does write exquisite letters." His lips ceased to utter these cold thoughts; and, falling back on his couch, lie closed his eyes, still holding the open note in one hand. It was terrible to see how calm and passionless his features re mained, while he settled in his mind the destiny of one who had loved him so much. After some ten minutes, lie opened his eyes turned softly on the couch, and laid down his mother's letter. "No, I will not go near her," he said, " and yet this is another heart I am casting away-another that has loved me. How soon-how soon shall L have need of affec tion ? A whole life-conquest upon con quest, and yet never truly loved save by these two women--the first and the last. It is strange: but at this moment my heart softens towards them both. What, a tear in Leicestcer's eye !" and, with a look of thrilling self-contempt, the bad man started up, scoffing at the only pure feeling that had swelled his bosom for months. A waiter stood in the door. " Sir, there is a man below, who says you told him to call." "What does he seem like ? " " A hack-driver. He says you employed him, one rainy night, a long time ago, and ordered him to come again when he had news to bring." " What, a tall, awkward fellow, with a stoop in the shoulders- tremendous feet and hands ? " " That's the mau, sir." " Send him up; I did tell him to call." A few minutes and Jacob Strong stood in Leicester's chamber, self-possessed even in his exaggerated awkwardness, and with a look of shrewd intelligence which recom mended itself to Leicester at once. In their previous acquaintance the man of the world had seen this applied solely to self-interest in the supposed hackman, and he hoped to make. this rude, sharp intellect useful to himself. It would have been a strange contrast to one acquainted with them both--the deep wily elegant man of the world-the honest, firm, shrewd man of the people. These two were pitted together in the game of life; and though one was unconscious, looking upon his antagonist as an instru ment-nothiug more-and though the other was often compelled to grapple hard with his passions that they might lead him to no false move-the game was a trial of skill worth studying. "You told me to find out who the lady was, and where she lived, sir. It took time, for these great people are always moving about, but I have done it." "I was sure you were to be depended on, my good fellow; there is your money. Now tell me all about her. Who'is she ? Where does she live, and when have you seen her? " Jacob took the offered piece of money, turned it over in his palm, as if estimating its value, and then laid it on the table before Leicester. " I don't jest lilke to give up the molney," lie said--eycing the gold with well-acted greed; " but perhaps you will help me in a way I like better." "Howl--whalt cas be better than money I " questioned Leicester. "I thouglht you Yankees considered thle almighty dollar abovo all things." "Once in a while thiere may be things tlhat we like better than that, though we do love to plant the root of evil whenever we can get seed, jest as I wanted to plant that 'ere gold eagle where it will bring a crop of the same sort." " Oh, that is it I " said Leicester, lIusgh ing. "I thought there must be somethsing to come. But do you remember the old proverb about a ' bird in the hand ?' " " Wal, yes. It seems to me as if ll did remember somethinsg about it." answered Jacob, putting hIis huge hsnd to llis fore head ; " ' L bird in thie hands is worth two in thie bush,' isn't tlhat the poetry you mean ?" " Yes, tlhat is quite near enough. Now tell me about this lady, and we will talk of the reward after. You found the number of the house ? " " No. It wasn't numbered; but that made no difference ; she didn't live there; only stayed there one night. Besides, she wasn't a lady, only a kind of help, you know ! " A governess or waiting-maid-I thought so," exclaimed Leicester. " Very well, where is she now ?" " She went away with the folks that she had been living with, up to Saratoga, and about; and then she came back, and they all went off together, to where she came from." " What, to Europe ? Then that is the last of her! Very well, my good fellow, you have earned the money." Jacob looked keenly at the gold, but did not take it. " May be," said he, shifting his weight from one foot to the other-" may be you can tell me of some one who wants a hired man, to drive carriage, or do almost any kind of chores. I'm out of work just now, and it costs all creation to live in New York." Leicester was interested. His personal habits rendered an attendant necessary, and yet he had of late been unable to supply himself with one who could at the same time be useful and discreet. Here was a person, evidently new to the world, honest, and with a degree of shrewdness that might be invaluable, ready to accept any situation that might offer. Could he but attach this man to his person, interest his affections, what more useful agent, or more serviceable dependent could be found ? Still there was a risk in it. Leicester, with his lightning habit of thought, revolved the idea in his mind, while Jacob stood looking upon the floor, inly a-tire with intense excitement, but, to all outward appearance, calm. " You don't know of anyone, then ? " lihe said at last, with assumed indifference. SWill, I don't see how on earth I shall get along." Leicester looked at him searchingly. Jacob felt the glance, and met it with a calm, dull expression of the eyes, that com pletely deceived the man who was trying with such heart to read hims to the soul. " What if I were to engage you myself ? " " Wal, now, I should be awful glad!" " D1)o you read? Of course ! what Down Easter does not ? But are you fond of read ing?-in the habit of picking up books and papers ? " Jacob saw the drift of this question at once. " Wal, yes, I can read a chapter in the Bible, or a piece in the English Reader, I suppose, as well as most folks, though I haven't tried much of late years. But then, if you want a feller to read books for you, why I don't think we should agree. I was set agin them at school, and haven't got over it yet." " You know how to write, of course ? " He made one of the shuffling bows, and began to brush his hat with the sleeve of his coat. " You need not wait; we will talk about the wages to-morrow," said Leicester. " Meantime, if you can gather any more in formation about- about the lady, you know it would be a praiseworthy introduction to your new duties." Jacob bowed again and edged himself towards the door. " I will do my best, you may be sartain. What time o' day shall I come to-morrow ? " " At ten or two, it does not signify. If I am not in, wait." " I will! " muttered Jacob when he found himself alone. "It is something to have learned how to wait, as you shall find, my new master-mnsster!" and Jacob laughed. CHAPTER XII.-STRIFE FOR AN EARL. Ir had been a brilliant season in the fashionable world that year. Saratoga and Newport were perfect hotbeds of gaiety, splendour, and trivial ambition. A thorough-bred nobleman or two from Eng land-a German countess-the greatest and most popular statesman of our own land, had flung a dazzling splendour over these places. But even amid all this false life and eclat there was one person whose dress, wit, and beauty became the theme of general comment. She had taken rooms at Saratoga late in the season. Accommo dations for half a dozen servants-stabling for almost as many horses, all was in pre paration long before the lady herself ap peared. There was something about this to puzzle and bewilder the inost thoroughbred gossip of a watering- place. The servants were foreign, and thoroughly educated to their vocation. When questioned regarding their mistress they spoke of her without apparent restraint, and always as my lady. Baut there was no title attached to the name under which the superb suite of apartments had been engaged. \Irs. Gordon ! Nothing could be more simple and unpretending. If there was a title behind it, as the indiscre tion of the servants seemed to intimate, she was only the more interesting. Mrs. Gordon's servants had lounged about the United States a whole fortnight; her horses had been exercised by the grooms, enough to attract attention to their superb beauty, and to keep the spirit of gossip and curiosity alive. A lady's-maid had for days been making a sensation at the servants' table by her broken English and Parisian finery. Yet no one had ob tained a sight of the lady. At last she ap peared in the drawing-room, very simply dressed, quiet, and self-reliant, neither courting attention, nor seeming in the least desirous of avoiding it. She presented no letters, sought no introductions. The various fashionable cliques, with their reiguing queens, seemed scarcely to attract the notice of this singular woman ; though a mischievous smile would sometimes dawn upon hier beautiful mouth, as some petty mssutcuvring for superiority passed before her. A creature so calm, so tranquil, so quietly regardless of contending cliques and fiashionable factious, was certain to bccomlo an object of peculiar attention, even though rare personal beauty, and all the appliances of great wealth had been wanting. Tie reputaition of a title, the gracefil repose of masiners just enouigh tinged with foreign Igrace to be piquiant, and above all the nIovelty of a face and position singularly unlike ianytlhing known at the Springs that scason could not flail to excite a scnsation. If the lady had designed to secure for herself, with one graceful fting, a place among the elite of American fashion, she could not havs managedl more ?droitly, But even the design was doubtful; she scarcely seemed conscious of the position, after it had been awarded to her, and accepted it with a sort of graceful scorn, at last, as if yielding herself to the caprice of others, not to her own wishes. In less than three weeks after her domestications at the Springs, this stranger, announced without introduction, and with no seeming effort, became the reigning belle and toasts of the higher circles. Her dress was copied-her wit quoted-her manners became a model to aspiring young ladies, and, with all her power, she was the most popular creature in the world; for she was affable to all, and peculiarly gentle and un assuming to those whom other fashionable leaders were ready to crush with a look and wither by a frown. Sometimes a dash of haughty contempt was visible in her man ner; but this was only when thrown in contact with assumption and innate coarse ness, which soon shrunk from her keen wit and smiling sarcasms. She was feared by the few, but loved, nay, almost worshipped, by the many. When the season broke up, and the waves of high life ebbed back to the cities, this woman had attained a firm, social position, unassailable by even the most envious and the most daring. Still she was as conm pletely unknown as on the first day of her ap pearance. Of herself she never spoke; and from the strange serving-man, who, main taining the most profound respect, always hovered about her, nothing but vague hints could be obtained. These hints, apparently won from a simple and hesitating nature, always served to inflame, rather than satisfy, curiosity. One 'thing was certain. The lady had seen much of foreign life-had travelled in every penetrable country ; and her wealth seemed as great as her beauty. More than this no one know ; and this very ignorance, strange as it may seem, added strength to her position. The way in which Mrs. Gordon shrouded herself had its own fascination. True, it might conceal low birth, even shame ; but it had pleased the fashionable world to bury a high European title under all this mystery; and this belief the lady neither aided nor contradicted, for she seemed profoundly un conscious of its existence. With no human being had she become so intimate that a question on the subject might be directly hazarded. With all her graceful kindness, there was something about her that forbade intrusion or scrutiny. She came to Sara toga, beautiful, wealthy, unknown. She left it, a brilliant enigma, only the more brilliant, that she continued to be mysteri ous, though a title still loomed mistily in the public mind. The mysteriousness was rather increased in its effect, and her position wholly established, at the annual fancy ball given the last week of her stay at the Springs. During the whole of that season the United States Hotel had been kept in a state of delightful commotion, by the rivalry of two leaders in the fashionable world, who had taken up their head-quarters in that noble establishment. Never was a warfare carried on with such amiable bitterness, such caressing home thrusts. Everything was done regally, and with that sublime politeness which duellists practise when most determined to exter minate each other. Of course, each lady had her position and her followers ; and no military chieftains ever managed their respective forces more adroitly. AMrs. Nash was certainly the oldest in cumbent, and had a sort of pre-emption right as a fashionable leader. She had won her place exactly as her husband had obtained his wealth ; first plodding his way from the workshop to the counting-room, thence into the stock-market, where, by two or three dashing speculations worthy of the gam bling-table, and entered upon in the same spirit, le became a millionaire. Exactly by the same method, Mrs. Nash worked her way upward as a leader of ton. Originally uneducated and assuming, she had exercised unbounded sway over her husband's work-peopl ; patronising their wives, and practising diligently the airs that were to be transferred, with her husband's advancement, into higher circles. Through the rapid gradations of her husband's fortunes, she held her own in the race and grew important, dressy, and pre suming, but not a whit better informed or refined. When her husband became a millionaire, she made one audacious leap into the midst of the upper ten thousand, hustled her way upward, and, facing sud denly about, proclaimed herself a leader in the fashionable world. People looked on complacently. Some smiled in derision ; some sneered with scorn; others, too indolent or gentle for dispute, quietly admitted her claims ; while to that portion of society worth knowing, she retained her original character-that of a vulgar, fussy, ignorant woman, from whom persons of refinement shrink instinc tively. Thus, through the forbearance of some, the sneers of others, and the careless ness of all, slhe fought her way to a position which soon became legitimate and acklnow ledged. But this year, Mrs. -Nash met with a very formidable rival, who disputed thie ground she had usurped, inch by inch. If Mrs. Nash was insolent, Mrs. Sykles was sly and fascinating. With tact that was more than a match for asy amount of arrogant pre sumption, and education which gave keen ness to art, founded upon the same hard purpose and coarse- grained character that distinguished Mrs. Nash, she was well calculated to make a contest for fashlionable superiority, exciting and piquaut. Women of true refinement never enter into these miserable rivalries for notoriety ; but they sometimes look on amused. In this case the ladies were beautifully matched. The audacity of one was mit with the artful sweetness of the other. If Mrs. Nash had power and the prestige of established authority, Mrs. Syles opposed novelty, unmatched art, and a species of serpent-likle fascination dificult to cope with; and, muchl to her astonishment, the former lady found hier laurels dropping away, leaf by leaf, before she begau to see them wither. Always on the alert for partisaus, both these hdies hald loolked upon Mrs. Gordon with calculating eyes. Beautiful, u doubtedly wealthy, and with that slight foreign air-above all, with a title dropping niw and then usonsciously from the lips of her servants-she promised to be an auxiliary of immense value to either faction. For a week or two they hovered about her, much as two cautious trouts might coquette with a fly on the surface of a mountain pool. Both were afraid to dart at the fly; and yet each was vigilant to keep the other from securing the precious morsel. Thus, while they were maneuvrinug around her, drawing public attention that way, Mrs. Gordon became an object of very general admiration, and bade fair, without an effort and wholly against her will, to rival both the combatants, and, like the dancing horse of a Russian chariot, to carry away all the admiration, while the other two bore the toil and burden of the road. But, a few days before the fancy ball, a new fly was cast into the fashionable current, that quite eclipsed anything that had appeared before. An English earl, fresh from the continent, came up to Saratoga one day, in a train from New York, and would be present at the fancy ball. Here was now cause for strife between the Nashes and the Sykeses. Which of these ladies should secure the nobleman for the fancy ball? True, the earl was very young, awkward as the school-boy he was, and really looked more like a juvenile horse-jockey than a civilized gentleman. But he was an carl: would assuredly have a seat in thle House of Lords, if ever he became old enough; besides, he had al ready lost thirty thousand dollars at the gaming table and bore it like a prince. HIere was an object worth contending for. What American lady would be immor talized by leaning upon the arm of an earl, as she entered the assembly room ? No minor claim could be put in here. The earl undoubtedly belonged to Mrs. Nash or Mrs. Sykes-which should it be ? This was the question that agitated all fashionable life, at the Springs, to its centre. Partisnus were brought into active operation. Private ambassadors went and came from the gambling saloons to the drawing-rooms, looking more portentous than any messen ger ever sent from the -allied powers to the Czar. The innocent young lord, who had escaped from his tutor, for a lark at the Springs, was terribly embarrassed by so many attentions. Too young for any lknow ledge of society in his own land, he made desperate efforts to appear a man of the world, and feel himself at home in a country where men are set aside, while society is converted into a paradise for boys. It is rumoured that some professional gentlemen took advantage of this confusion in the young lordling's ideas; and his loss at the gaming table grew more and more princely. But the important night arrived. The mysterious operations of many a private dressing-room became visible. A hundred bright and fantastic forms trod their way, to music, along the open colonnade of the hotel, towards the assembly room. The brilliant procession entered the folding-doors, and swept down the room ; two rivers of humau life, flowing on, whirling and retiring, between a shower of radiance cast from the wall, and the chandeliers that seemed literally raining light. In her toilet, the American lady is not a shade behind our neighbours of Paris ; and no saloon in the world ever surpassed this in picturesque effect and richness of costume. Diamonds were plentiful as dew-drops on a rose thicket. Pearls embedded in lace that Queen Elizabeth would have monopolised for her own toilet, gleamed and fluttered around those republican fairies; a decided contrast to the checked handkerchief that Ben Franklin used at the European court, or the bare feet with which our revolutionary fathers trod the way to our freedom, through tihe winter snows. After the gay crowd had circulated around the room awhile, there was a pause in the music, a breaking up of the characters into groups ; then glances were cast towards the door, and murmurs ran from lip to lip. Neither Mrs. Nash nor her rival had yet appeared; as usual, their entrnnce was arranged to mcake a sensation. How Dodsworth's leader knew the exact time of this fashionabie's advent, I do not pretend to say. Certain it is, just as the baud struck up an exhilarating march, Mrs. Z. Nash entered the room, with erect front and pompous triumph, holding the English earl resolutely by the arm. Mrs. Theodore Sykes. came in, a good deal subdued and crestfallen, after the dancing commenced. She was escorted by one of the most illus trious of our American statesmen, which somewhat diminished the bitterness of her defeat. Her fancy dress was one blaze of diamonds; and, when Mrs. Nash sailed by, holding the young earl triumphantly by the arm, she seemed oblivious of tie noble presence, but was smiling up into the eyes of her august companion, as if an American statesman really were some small consola tion for the loss of a schoolboy nobleman, who looked as if he would give his right arm, which however belonged to Mrs. Nash just then, to be safe at home, even with his tutor. WhiCen Mrs. Gordon entered the room, no one could have told. When first observed, she was sitting at an open window whlich looked into the public groucds. The light was striking aslant the white folds of a brocaded silk, and on the delicate Imarabout feathers in her hair, with tile brilliancy of sunshine playing upon wreaths of newly fallen snow, Shio evidently had no desire to enter into the spirited competition going on between thie rivd factions. When cc crowd of admirers gathlered around the window, she received them quietily, but without impressment. At lengthl, as if weary with talking, she took tie first arm offered, and sauntered into the crowd, searching it with her eyes, as if she feared or expected some one. The tirst dauce had broken up; all was gay confusion, when unwittingly she came face to face with IMrs. Nash, who was sailing down the room with her captive. The young earl, who had remained awklwardly shy since his entrance, gave a start of recognition; his sullen features lighted up, and, freeing his arm from the grasp of Mrs. Nash, with an un ceremonious "Excuse me, Madam! " he advanced with both hauds extended. " My dear, dear lady, I .m so glad to see you I " The lady reached out hler lhand, smiling and cordial. "You, here ?" she answered, shaking her head," and alone, ah, truant 1i" ('.'i fed COsccttsseL ,) 