ENTHRONEMENT OF THE ANGLICAN PRIMATE OF SYDNEY. [BETTER'S TELEGRAMS.] SYDNEY, THURSDAY. ihe enthronement of the Right Rev. the Bishop of Sydney took place to-day. The weather was splendid. St. Andrew's Cathedral gates were opened at half-past nine for aamieBion, which was by ticket only, and long before half-past ten every seat allotted tor the spectators was occupied; the arrangements being most perfect. The Cathedral was not overcrowded, and every person was seated; those taking part in the ceremony having met at the deanery. The following procession was formed:—The verger, the representatives of dioceses to the synod (walking two and two), from North Queensland, Billarat, Bathurst, Grafton, Armidsle, Goulburn, Brisbane. Perth, Newcastle. Melbourne, Adelaide, Tasmania, andSydney; the clergy of the diocese of Sydney (two and two), (the juniors preceding), the minor canon of the Cathedral, the precentor arid lay members of the Cathedral chapter, the canons of the Cathedral, the bishops of the provinco of New South Wales (two and two), the bishops of dioceses in Australia and Tasmania, tho Archdeacon of CumberiaEd, the Dean of Sydney, the Bishop (followed by his chaplains and the officials), the secretary of the diocese Of Sydney. The procession entered the Cathedral by tho south-west door, the choir singing the hymn, " The church has one foundation," and then proceeded up the nave towards the holy table. Bishop Barry taking his seat at tho east end of the sacrarium. The Bishops of Melbourne, Brisbane, Newcastle, Bathurst, Tasmania, and Perth were on the right side of tho communion table, and the Bishops of Bsllarat, Goulburn, Adelaide, Queensland, and Grafton on the left. The bishop's chaplain sat under the throne, Dean Cowper being in his usual chair. Tho representatives of dioceses of Australia and Tasmania eat in the nave, the clergy in seats reserved for them at the end of tho choir. A voluntary followed, Mr Montague Younger, the Cathedral organiBt, playing the "Hallelujah Chorus," Morning prayer then followed in G.- Psalms lxxi, lxxii, from the Cathedral Psalter, and the chants then followed. Tho first lesson waB taken from Isaiah Ixi, being read by Canon King, after which the dean and archdeacon condccted Bishop Bsrry to his throue. The bishop, handing to the dean the notorial act of his consecration, which was afterwards read by tho official secretary, the dean at the conclnsion placing in the biBhop's handB the pastoral stuff of tho late bishop, and addressed him a9 follows:—"In the namo of God, amen. I, William Macquarie Cowper, Master of Arts, vicar-general of the diocese of Sydney, and dean of the Cathedral Church of St. Andrew, in the city of Sydney, and archdeacon of the said eity and suburbs, do hereby indnct, install, and enthrone thee, Alfred Barry, Doctor in Divinity, having been duly elected to be bishop of the diocese of Sydney, and having been lately consecrated bishop into possession of his church,' with all its rights, lonors, and appurtenanccs; and may the Lord preserve thy going out and thy coming in from fchiB time forth for evermore. Allien." The dean and archdeacon having returned to their places, morning prayer was proceeded with; tho " Te Deum," from Smart, in I), being beautifully sung. The second lesson from St. John, xjci., 15, was read by Canon Gunther. The " Jubilate" was sang from Smart, in P. At the creed all the bishop?, with one exception, turned towards the east. It was also noticeable that several of the clergy failed to take this position. The anthem (Gounod's), *' Send out thy light," was then rendered efficiently by the choir. the_ boys being greatly assisted . by several ladies. Then followed the special suffrages and prayers, in which the following was introduced :—" Oh,"Lord, save Thy servant, our bishop, who puttoth his trust in Thee. Send him help from Thy Holy Place, and evermore mightily defend him. Let the enemy have no advantage against him; nor the wicked approach to hurt him. Be unto him a strong tower from the face of the enemy. Oh Lord, hear our prayer, and let our cry come onto Thee. Almighty God, the giver of all good things, who, by the Holy Spirit, hast appointed divers orders ot ministers in Thy church, mercifully behold this Thy servant, Alfred Barry, who is now admitted to the office and dignity of bishop of thie diocese, and therewith the metropolitan of the province of New South Wales, and Primate of the dioccses of Australia and Tasmania, and 60 replenish him with tho truth of Thy doctrine, and endue him with innocAncy of life, that both by word and deed he may faithfully serve. Thee in these offices to the glory of Thy name, and the edifying and' well-governing of Thy church. Grant, we beseech thee, that he may long live happily to rule this church, and that having worthily fulfilled his course, at the latter day he may receive the crown of righteousness laid up by tho Lord, the righteous Judge, who liveth and reigneth one God with the Father and the Holy Ghost, world without end. Amon." At the close cf morning prayer, the bishops of the province of New South Wales proceeded to the bishop's throne, and the Bishop of Gonlbourn, as senior bishop, presented the Bishop of Sydney with an address recognising him as metropolitan of tho province of Ifew South Wales. Bishop Barry returned thanks, and the other bishops of the variouB dioceses in Australia and Tasmania then joined, the bishops of the province, and the bishop of Brisbane, as senior bishop, addressed the bishop of Sydney, recognising him as primate of the dioceses in Australia and Tasmania. Bishop Bsrry, in reply, said—"In the same spirit, I accept this larger address of welcome, and X pray God that the office to which I am now received may, under God's help, be the means of knitting together in closer unity all the dioceses of the clergyTin this great country, one foundation beside which none other can be laid, even the Lord Jesus Christ." The hymn, "'Veni, Creator," or "Come, Holy Ghoat, our souls inspire,having been sung in unison, all the bishops returned to the sacrament, and the ante-communion service W»B proceeded with, the Bishop of Sydney reading tho commandments- tho responses, Bliss inF, being sungbytbechoir. The Epistle was read by the Bishop of Brisbane, and the ;ospeI by the Bishop of Goulburn. Then followed the offertory, the prayer for the church militant being said by Bishop Barry, after which a soft voluntary was played during the retirement of the non- communicants. At the conclusion of the service the procession returned in reverse order to that in which it entered, the Bishop of Sydney taking precedence of all the other bishops. Sir George Strahan (Governor of Tasmania), Commodore Erskine, Sir Henry Wrensfordsley, and a large number of distinguished visitors were present. The whole proceedings were most impressive. After the enthronement, the bishop was entertained at luncheon in the Masonic Hall, when a large number of bishops, clergy and citizens were present. Sir Alfred Stephen, the Acting-Governor, occupied the chair. Various toasts appropriate to the occasion were proposed. The offertory in the cathedral in the morning amounted to £220. 