"GONE BROKE." Have the Pieces. 4\. he plunger — like toe proverbial iittle pitcher whose visits to the well are of too frequent recurrence — ultimately 11 goes broko," and, although a temporary patching together of the fragments mav occasionally be accomplished, the crash, Eooner or later, is as inevitable as the subsequent squabbling amongst the melalliciana for tbe pieces. Last year Archie, by his Derby performance, , transferred some thousands of pounds from tho pockets of the public to (he exchequer of the bookmakers j this season, as a result of the Bargo boil-over, backers have experienced a greater reverse even than in 83, and, as a natural consequence, there are something like half a score numbered amongst the missing, one gentleman, who has already contributed pretty liberally to the little luxuries indulged m by the mctallicisns, having been " knocked out" to the tunc of somcthouf&nde.; As usual in these cases some metallic vultures are bovcriDg above the carcaec, and clamouring loudly for their fair share of the spoil j and while the better-disposed of tho ring are inclined to exercise some little consideration, Sbjlock has nol failed to put in an appear ance, and uow demands his pound of flceli in the shape of twenlj shillings in the pound. As regards one cose which occurred during the past meeting, when a young fellow of about eighteen, respectably connected, fell into the hands of the Philistines, WO are informed that tbe father is likely toinsticutelegal proceedings, aoriminal action for libel being threatened. While the decent mombers of the ting (to their credit be it said) set their face against the practice of the more unscrupulous, the whole body is apt to be blamed for the miserliness of a few who have contrived to creep into the circle, and who imagine that tho fact of their being there gives thein a title to win money, honestly if possible, but to win it anyhow, and then secure it by Shylockism. The head of a firm of mctalliciaus, whose operations are on the most extensive scale in too colonies, tells me that hackers this seapen have been exceptionally dilatory in putting in an appearance on settling day, and as tho same complaint reachee me from Sydney, it would appearthat backer all overthe colonic have had a bad lime of it. Last Tuesday tbe firm referred to drew £12,000 from their b&Bk;, and hud paid three parts of that amount away before they succeeded iu col lecting £1000. My Informant, moreover, telle me tbat during the pari three your they have been compelled to write off £10,000 for bad debts. This would indicate tbat, at any rate, as far as the legitimate layers of odds are concerned, their life is not all " beer and kittles." "What good business it would be (ay " Rapier" in the Spurting and Dramatic Newt) to lay G to 1 that Archer was plaoed every time he rode a race ! Last year, for instance, he was in the first three45l timc6 (walks over not counted), and out of it only IG5 times. Wood was a good deal more often there- abonts, if not actually there, than nowhere : be was placed 309 times, unplaced 208. It was odds on Fordb&m; getting a place, too. He only failed 90 times, where he succeeded 1C5. So with Cuunon. He was placed 109 times, unplaoed 73. It must bo remembered, moreover, that all these jockeys often oease to persevere when they see that perseverance would be useless. Tob following are tbe fixtures of the Vic torian Amateur Turf Club for I8S5 : — 7ib February, 14th March, 25lh April, 27th June, 16th August, 10th and I7th October, aod 2Gth December, each of which dates falls on a Saturday. The De&iliqain; Jcokey Club have con sented to include a steeplechase of 100 eovs. to their forthcoming programme. The con dition is that Mr. " W. Neil," who made the proposition, shall erect a steeplechase course at his own expense. This Mr. " Neil " hag liberally undertaken to do, and has already called for tenders. The jumps are to be four feet high, and will include & brick wall, log fence, post and rails, and picket feuoe. The Victoria Racing Olub have endorsed tbe disqualification of H. Barns, who was convicted of galloping his bone in the trotting race at tbe Terricks EaBt meetiog, aod interfering with tbe otber competitors. Mb. J. D. Robebtson has purchased the three year-old Anchorite, by St. Albans — Queen Mary, his brothers being the vendors. Pbodiqil, recently sold to Mr. J. Mondy, accompanied Sir Modred, Wolseley, and Bristol to Sydney. Tns Wyndham Club committee have dis missed the protest lodged against Mrntmorc for carrying overweight in the Wyudham Grand Stand Handicap. More fees. Tbe Murrumbidgee Turf Club havo decided, it is stated at the suggestion of many of the leading bookmakers, to charge three guineas for registering mem bers of the riog belonging to reonguised clubs. Iu return tbey will bo allowed to ply their calling in the saddling paddock, and have free admu&ion; tothegraud stand. Book makers not registered will, of course, be prohibited from booking odds in the en closure. Tub Marquis of Waterfoid, who fell during tho Steeplechase at tho last V, A.T.C. Meeting, is found to havo his kmc 60 severly injured that his trainer, Mr. Cripps, baa been obliged to give the old grey a ipell, Each week of tbe fifty-two (writes a London paper) comprising the year seems to be marked by eome prominent athletic feat or feats. L&Bt; week swimmers bod their turn, tbe public attention and wonderment being excited by a series of plunges made by that doughty swimmer, H. Davenport, whose recent long swims in tbe Solent were noticed in these columns. In winning the plunging championship, Daven port accomplished tbe fine distance of 64ft. Bin., after remaining under water lmin. 41eec. Tbe next evening be won the Otter Swimming Club plunging costest, with GTffc. din. tho duration of bis slay under water beingagain lmin.41sec. This was a wonderful performance, indeed ; but tbe swimmer totally eclipsed it two days afterwards, when, in two plunges, he made 67ft. 7io. (lmin. XOsec.) and 70ft. 7in. (lmin. 25.2-5sec.) But for his comparatively brief stay under water (ordinary mortals would find it any thing hut brief), the shorter pluoge of tbe two should hv.ve developed into an even more extraordinary record than 70ft., as Davenport was going quite fast when he raised his head. In bis big plunge be went crooked, and scraped the wall of the bath for eome distance, or he would have accomplished quite 72ft. The hearing of the Rufue protest has been postponed to the 2oth instant to enable Mr. Davis, the owner of David, to communicate with Mr. Coglin, who bred the Derby winner. Hating washed his hands of the Turf, and volunteered for the expedition to Khar toum, Sir John Willougliby, I hear (eays " Atlas" in the London VForld), left London for Egypt lost Monday. Little more than two years have elapsed since he appeared at the ring-side during the sale of Mr. Chaplin's yearlings at Newmarket, and by tbe simple uplifting of his umbrella successfully opposed the Australian sportsman, Mr. Long, for the possestion of the filly bj Hermit out of Adelaide, now known as Queen Adelaide, until she was koocked down to him at the un- heard-of price of 3C00 guineas. Even Mr. Tat- tersall was unacquainted with.Sir John's petit figareandpalepossionlessfaee; and with that Srformance the latest accession to Captain aohell'e stable may be eaid to have burst upon the Turf world like a meteor. The young Guardsman soon made his mark as a heavy bettor of tbe plunging school with chequered success ; and his next sensational " auction deal" was when be opposed Mr. Matthew Dawson (on behalf of Baron do Hirsch) and others for Harvester at Lord Falmouth's sale. For tbat horse he gave 8600 guineas by tho adviue of his mentor, in pre ference to buying Busybody. Harvester im- mediatedefeat in the Two Thousand Guineas, which he subsequently wiped out by turning the tables on Scot Free in the Payne Stakes, and his sensational dead heat with St. Gatien for the Derby, wbicb was afterwards divided, and bis collapse in the St. Lpger, after being so cruelly knocked about at Goodwood in tbe interim, are sufficiently well known to re quire no recapitulation. " Breaking tbe Ring" is easier said than done, and all tbe plunging school have found out to their cost since Lord Hatting, "set the carior." Nor i Sir John Willoughby the only owner of a Derby winner that retired from the turf tbe same year as the career of the Baltazzie, who won the Derby with Ruber, will testify. The proverbial calm which invariably follows the t-torm is very noticeable in racing matters just now, the "rooms" eud other haunt of betting men presenting the deterlcd appearance which tbey ubually do iu tho mouth of November. Ytry little in terest appears to have hren taken in tbe Wagga Cup tbi season, mctalliciana evidently preferring to wait until the pad dock is reached ; and, with the exception of the support which has been accorded New- stead, who hne been backrd at eevena to one for the D> rby and thousands to thirty for the double, Derby and Cup, and a few straggling bet which have been booked about Moute Cbriato and Manchester for the same events, there are absolutely no transactions of any note to record iu the betting world. The two big racing events of New Zealand —the Now Zealand Cup and Canterbury Cup — huve boon won by tone of Traducer, Vanguard having appropriated tho two- mile race, with Leonora second, and Ike, who will be remembered ae having carried the all black of Tt-rrara to victory iu the Railway Stakes at the Y.R C. Spring Meeting in '63, third ; while theCaot«rbury Cup (distance two miles and a quarter, weight for age) was carried off by Welcome Jack, the Derby winner — BUck Ruse finishing seoond, and Taeman third. Oue Caulfield correspondent writes : — Trainers have onoc again settled down into the old groove, the Caulfield and Melbourne Cups of VS4 bciug one of the things of tbe pant. All iuivrcsted are looking forward to the good thiups to bo di?cQged on Boxing and Ni-w Year's Day, There is some little alteration io the different strings, but where eome have dropped out,oihersh&ve; taken their £ laces, and the numbors remain about tbe same. r. Connolly has an addition to bis team In a very likely-looking filly by All- Fours out of Alice — Hawthorn, the hurdle raoe mare ; also a well grown filly by Auhonite. Tbey have been doing loog quiet exercise, with an occasional spurt, for three or four furlongs. A big bay bores, by Panic, also a late addition, haa been doing long medium work on the sand. Alidutgut ana Angler have pat in loDg serviceable work, finishing up with a strong round. Nautilus, Prince Regent, and others have been going along steadily. A portion of Mr. Reed's team, consisting of the Irish King filly, The Ghost, and Grace Darling having been restricted to steady cantering, other members of the team have not put in an appearance. Mr. D. Robinson, jua., has been treating Cupola and Vivian to quiet exercise. Merry Fcnella, on Saturday, ran a smart 5 furlongs. Mr. Leek's pair, Scaramouche, and & filly, by Angler, have been doing mild exercise. Mr. Jones has been sending Coriolsnns and the Bohemian atoog ; the former over a mile and a half, and the latter a mile for good, useful work, Bubeois, Tasdstickor, and First Pop being treated to mild exercise. Mr. Leng has Egbt-rt all right again doing quiet, preparatory work in company with Solo, Kingfisher doing good, useful work once round outside the hurdles. Mr. Batty has treated Umberto to a couple of good spurts over five furlongs, his companion, Yately, being treated to good, useful work for a round outside the hurdlca. Deceiver doing three rounds, improving to good working gallop the last round. OnLario put in a couple of steady turn, brushing along the ln?L half mile or so. Mr. Campbell had his pair, Mozart aud Wonga, up on Saturday for quiet exercise. Mr. Davis has been treating David to long medium work. Camcrinc, Ditto, and Discount hare been doing good strong exercise once round outside the hurdles. On Monday Ditto and Mr. Connolly's Zona were put through some schooling exercise ; the pair jumping the hurdlc6 in good style. l)arg<>, Defiance, and others being treated to long quiet exercise. Thb jockeyship bonontp off the English Kempton Park October Meeting were carried off by G. Barrett, wbo not only scored (be greatest number of wins — several of them at remunerative prices— but also showed the best average. Of bis fourteen mounts eight were successful, and he and Archer were the jockeys figuring in the doable dead heat between Candahar II. and Scotch Pearl at Nottingham. The lost-mentioned horseman has added five to his total, as the result of nineteen rides, while Wood shows an increase of a coople. S. Loates rode one winner, and of those a little lower down in the list J. Osborne has increased 'his record by four. On Friday tbe final consideration of what is known as the "Hurricane Betting Case" occupied tbe attention of the Victorian Club, who, it will he remembered, a fortnight bock found Messrs. Fleming and Vince guilty of eonduct unbecoming members of the Yioto- rian Club, and postponed their further deci sion until the V.R.C. Spring Meeting had been decided. The facts of the case have already been made public in the SroRTSiriN, and are, briefly, tbat Mr. Milne, an Adelaide backer of horses, wired to Fleming, to the Hawkesbury course, instructing him to put £100 on Hurricane for the Hawkesbury Handicap (which race tbe son of Country man did not win), and received an answer, also by wire, announcing that he (Fleming) hod complied with his instructions and taken £500 to £100 about Hurricane. Mr. Milne afterwards discovered tbat his- tele gram could not have been received at Hawkes bury until eome time after the race had been decided, and refused to pay the wager to Vince, who claimed to have laid it to Flem ing for Milne. The cose weft, as stated above, brought under the notice of the Vic torian Club a week or two back, and Fleming asserted that some time prior tothe Hawkes bury Meeting Milne had personally 'requested him to put £100 on Hurricane for liim for tbe Hawkcebury Handicap, and that he had already done eo when he received Milne's telegram. In support of this assertion Flem ing produced witnesses both A9 to the facts of the cose and as regards his previous character. The committee, however, con sidered that Mr. Milne's version was tho correct one, and on Friday deoided to expel Messrs. Fleming and Vince from the club. The sentence is a serero one, but if the facta are such as to sustain a charge of attempted fraud it is none too severe. Many turf frauds are so difficult to sheet home that when any such are made clear the punishment ehonld becxemplary. Peunella, by "Goldsbrough — Titania, died in Auckland on the 31et October, from the effects of foaling. The filly, by Stirling- worth, also died, thus making Mr. Percival's loss a very unfortunate one. I ebabd the other day (writes "Rapier" in the Dramatie NeiCi) an interesting anecdote of tbe late Lord Gardner, who, our readers are aware, was in bis day the first of first- flight men. A discussion arose between Lord Gardner and Lord Cardigan on tbe subject of a horse's action in jumping a fence, and particularly tbe exact spot where he put down his hind legs in taking off. Lord Gardner was very etrong in his opinion, and proposed to illustrate it. Ho would, he said, put a oonple of dinner plates on tbe ground before a fence, go to the other end of the field, ride at the jump where the plates were, and break tbem with bis horse's hind feet. Tbe plates were brought, put on tbe ground by Lord Gardner, who rode at the jump and c precisely what he proposed to do, breakh' . otb plates. He had often told the story ny informant, bat confessed that at the time he was riding a horse he knew thoroughly. Tbe experiment seems to me rather dsngerous for the horse's feet ; . bnt it proves bow sound a horseman Lord Gardner was — a matter, however, concerning which no proof was needed. If this yarn had been an American one we might possibly, with the customary grain of salt, have digested it. As it is we must add. eredat Judaeus,— -ED. A. " Without seeking to explain tbe cause of Spofforth's prolongs) stay, I may mention (says ' Wanderer" of tbe iJondon Bporteman) that during a flying visit to Derby early in the week I heard it freely stated tbat both the 'demon and his captain had fallen victims to tbe darts of Cupid, and that there is every prospect of these colonists returning the compliment paid by the Hon. Ivo Bligh and Mr. E. F. 6. Tylecote by selecting as tbeir wives a couple of young ladies from tbe Beak district." A gbntlevan, having considerable ex perience amongst horses, has noticed that horses frequently go lame on the off bind leg from constantly having to carry ladies. To obviate this be recommends that the side be changed fay having two saddles — a near side and an off side saddle. How would the fair equestriennes receive the suggestion ? It is odd, but true, tbat sensational races have a knack of Tunning in pairs (writes " Rapier and Nottingham was no excep tion to this rule, for the very raoe before that which ended in a double dead heat there was a false start, in which seven out of the nice runners went tbe coarse, their jockeys being under the impression tbat tbe flag had been dropped. There is nothing so very unusual in tbis, or anything out of the way in the cir cumstance that tbe horse who finished first after tbe false start should not occupy the JAMES PENMAN, CHAMPION QUOITER OF AUSTRALIA Photographed and Transferred to iht wood at the Vita " Studio. same position in the actual race ; but it is decidedly au odd experience even for such an experienced jockey as Archer to ride the same horse twice in the same afternoon, and each time to finish clear of tbe same field of horses, the field being all behind bim on tbe first occasion and all in frout of him cn the second. Lord Cadogan, I should eay, must be possessed of a remarkably bod stayer in Tbe Mate. Of tbe two tbat stayed so well that tbey stayed at the post altogether during the false EtarL, Winterbourne was pitched upon as being the most likely to benefit by the others having just had a race out of tbem, but he only finished fourth, Duke of Albany, the otber lucky non-foise-etartcr — to coin a barbarous neo logism — winning very easily. Possibly he might have done so in any esse, but the elder Barrett, who has had a great run of luck lately (though, expect for determination in a finish, I do not admire his riding), certainly made the most of his advantage in being on a fresh horse, and practically made the run ning from start to finish. I see in the papers that Archer had actually weighed in for The Mate before it was known that it was no race, and that eome dissatisfaction was expressed with Mr. M'George " for not showing his flag more prominently." I am not surprised at the dissatisfaction, but at tho same tunc it is absurd to blame Mr. M'George because the jockey did not see that he bad not dropped his flag. It is quite impossible for a starter with a field of troublesome horses in hand always to keep In front of them. Very often they do not get into that line — or olose ordez whioh is approximate to it — whioh his trained eye is quick to perceive in the moment that intervene between its formation and breaking up, until they are well alongside him or even a little in advance. The fault lies in the cir- oumetance that there is no method of starting, beside tho stipulation that the hones shall start from b walk, and not in front of the starting post, laid down in the Rales of Racing ; so, if Mr. M'George liked, he might take his field back a couple of miles in rear of the starting poet (which would be quite pos sible on NowmarfeetHeatb), direct the jockeys to turn three times as in blind-men s buff, and then set them going cither by clapping bis hande or firing off a portable cannon. The cumoD, I faocy, would have great effect. Seriously cpe&king;, something more definite ebould be fettled as to the proper mode of (tarting. Of course we are all aware that M'Gf-orge and other well-known starters would be tbe lest men to take advantage of the vague generality which states that " the starter give all such orders and take all such meo-ures as are necessary for eecuriog a fair start," but circumstances might arise, and, inli-ed, have often arisen, which raised the question, "what is a fair start ?" Some duv eome euch unfortunate occurrence as the Nottingham false start will take place in an important race like the Derby, and then there will be a clamour, followed by the Jockey CJub introducing some needlessly etringent rules on the subject. A very simple rule p-ieeed now would provide against future eventualities of an awkward nature. This shouid clearly state that there shall always be an advance flag, to be dropped when the starter drops bis, and tbat, even should this be dropped in mistake (as appears to have been tbe case at Nottingham), it shall be considered a fair start, although tbe starter may not have himself lowered bis flog. J parrs Cob&ett;, who has had considerable experience both as a trainer andcross-oonntry rider, ie open to an engagement in either capacity. Corbett has recently been attached to a Queensland stable, for which he trained and rode several winners. As he can ride Si-t. 10lb. he should not be long standing idle. He can be heard of at thie office. The Tasmanian, Denmark, who won the V.R.C. Steeplechase at the reoent Spring Meeting, has gone into Cripps stable. The sensational Queensland Derby, whioh resulted in a still greater enrpriee than our Bargo boil -over, is thus reported in tbe Queemlauder : — The Derby was looked upon as a moral certainty for Ormond, who went to the post a very hot favourite st 3 to 1 on. Only four horses oame to tbe post— Mr. Finnie starting Sovereign, by Newbold — Mab«l , Mr. M'Gill Privateer, by Drum Major— Castanet ; and Mr. Jot Petronel by Goldsbrough— Paradise, and Ormond, by Epigram— Oriana, with tbe latter of whom he declared to win if be could. In tbe paddock Petronel was almost unnoticed, but Ormond aud Sovereign received their fair share of gape-seed, while tbe shape and make of Priva teer were also well liked. The result of the race wag a perfect boil-over, and backers received a nasty knock when Ormond and Sovereign were seen to be racing one another under difficulties, and the second string, vigorou-ly ridden by Devo&ney;, coming right away nud winning by some lengths. It was also th« subject of remark that Ormond bore uot ine slightest marbs of punishment, while tbe bleeding sides of Petronel showed the marks of tbe 6evere sparring he hid received. I understand tbat Mr. Jost i« a considerable loser by the viotory of P?troDel, of whom he is ooly a part owner, aod certainly the betting public were very badly hit ovt-r this event. Ormond managed to secure second money from Sovereign, which mad P'-tronel'n victory still more pro voking ; but Privateer, who was evidently irreen aud backward iu condition, was never in the hunt from start to finish. After tbe race the winner waa brought to the front of the grand stand and decorated with the blu>.- ribbon by Lidy Musgrave. The U-t r-.ee of the day, the Totsiisator Stakes, l>r»ught seven horses to the post. Mr. J oat again started two, Eleinore and Or : ond, aod again declared to " wio with Ormond if he could." The race between Elri- nore, Preston, Ormond, and Leon was one of the bet of the day, for though Ormond had only 7»t. 121b. to ctrrr, he could not stay it out, aod though pullingdoublethegreater part of the j'.umey, he collapsed when challenged by Prtsion half-way up the straight ; butC. Joues, who was riding Eh-inore, seeing Ormond was in difficulties, made a brilliant rush, and catching Preston stride by stride, beat him After a brilliant finish by half-a- length. The race was ran in fast time, and afforded a further evidence of the soperi- ority of Elrinore over his rivals. With reference to the collapse of tbe Victorian Eleven yesterday afternoon, a leading member of the team, who himself was put out rather softly, emphatioally ex pressed hie opinion that it was a case of " blue funk," and as a member of tbe Fourth Australian Eleven who stood by asserted that the wicket was a perfect one, and Shaw, the captain of the English team, added, " Oi would loike to bowl on yesterday's wicket and baton to-day's," it looked very much as if the battroen were really demoralisid. These and other competent critics aver that had there been no funk the Victorians should have made at least twice the score they pat together in their 6econd inninge. 