WHO HAS BERN GUILTY' OF THIS GRAVE SCANDAL! {To the Editor of the Logan ITifuru.) Bm,—' Poor old Jeff! He's gone to rest ; Uot tarn him, let him go '. ' Much waB tbe fuuereal valediction one time qnoted in the Sydney Parliament by Sir John Robertson as having been expressed by a German philo sopher concerning a departed friend. The sentiment may here be reiterated as typical of tbe same kind of regard that is entertained and exhibited towards tbe deceased occupants of the Beenleigh cemotery by tbe Cometory Trnstcos, or whoever may be responsible as mrators 01 tnat conseoratco. uunal ground. Never, probably, since the goblin games of ' leap-frog' over tombstones played in an English pemetery, as reported in the veracious '* Pickwick Papers,' has consecrated ground beeu subjected to such desecration and neglect ful oversight bb the Beenleiuh cemetery— the ouly difference being, tbat the descciators iu the latter instanoe are uot doveu-footed imps, or ghoBts, but clovcn.footed quadrupeds termed cattle, and. it may be added, the TruRtces or others who have permitted, convcr b'od of the * emetery into a grazing accommo dation paddock and recreation ground for aiid cattle, by allowing the fencing to remain broken down. Time aftertime, for weeks and more at a stretch, have I noticed the same pan. 'Is nf fencing broken down, when cattle might frequently be teen graziugor gamboling about the cemetery. Sometimes a fracture lias been called by a tree, or limb of a tree, naving accidentally fallen upon the fence, when, of course, the Trustees were not respon sible for temporary bovine trespasses. But they or othors are responsible and censurable for their highly repreheusib e and perfunctory liecharge of their duties iu protracted delays tf repairs, and then having the repairs made i i a temporary and utterly inefficient manner. Why, sir, I have often seen, here and there in the * cemetery fence, a brokun.down panel patched tip with Eiich fragilo apologies for rails and supports thr-t the grin of auy ordi nary ghost would cause them to faint and fall Ioiv-d, or tbe gambol ami kick of au affrighted ir Bportful calf would knock the panel down, if said panel bad not already collapsed from Fright at tlie vicinity of ghosts. 1 notice that bhe iron railing of one gravo baa been upheaved From position and bent out of shape, while the tombstone of same grave is broken in half, and the fractured halves are lying as tiuiy fell, on top of the grave, as though so placed to tion of the unfortunate deceased. No goblin frolics in ghostly games of ?' leap frog' could have done that. The mischief was done directly by the strength of hungry, clumsy, or sportive cattle, but indirectly by neglect nf duly on the part of the Trustees or others who thus allowed the ccractory to become an ac commodation paddock, or recreation ground for nattle. ' By tho holy Peter ! ' Who iu responsible for tbis violation of a dilty that ia respected even by Ravages, and which should be rcvor enced as a sacred duty by civilised people who aspire to be esteemed as ChriBtiaus, viz., the duty of keeping hallowed or free from desecra tion the graves of those who are believed to have gone ' where the wicked ceaae from troubling and the weary are at rest'? Ifi it our respected fellow townsman, Mr, J. Savage, J.F. ? Is it Mr. Peter McLean, the ex-member for tbis electorate, and our present C.C.L. 1 Or is it Mr. T. Holliday ! Those threo gentle men. I am informed, arc the Trustees ; but whether they or the Divisional Board are re sponsible for these outrages npnu what should be the sacred resting-place of the dead, 1 am unaware. But whoever ia responsible—be it he or they, a divided or joint responsibility— the person or persons who so fragrantly violated bis or their obligations by wilful or careless neglect of fulfilment is, or are, open to gravo censure. I can ucarcely credit, or rather discredit tbe rrustcoa with Uie imputation of the grave responsibility referred to. For Mr. Savage ie by no meanB tho heathen implied by btB namB. On the contrary, he iB locally reputed for boing aB righteous— from a Christian point nf view— aa tha Apostle whom some Hibernians are prone to swear by, as above quoted. However he might ' take a point' of anyone, in tbe w»y of business, and in a Christian manner and spirit, ho would not bo bo un christian, so worse than b heathen savage as wantonly to exhibit disrespect for tbe dead The eame may be said of Mr. l'etor M 'Lean whose good works, as a lay preacher and Bine Bibbon (iospel advocate, go without saying. Unless it might be said or insinuated tbat this particular 'holy Peter' was handsomely paid for assiduously prcachinc that gospel, but waB not paid at all for fulfilling or neglecting bis duties ai a Trustee, which he accordingly segieoted, with quite ' Christian fortitude.' No oue could believe that he has any sympathy, however, with the Germans valediction first above quoted. Nor fill it be credited tbat M.-, T, Holiiday wilfully or carelessly permitted the cemetery to lay open for bovine holidays, as a recreation ground or paddocfc-rpsUtyrant for playful or hungry cattle. Therefore I am forced to the alternative supposition, that the Divisional Board may be tbe authorities to blame for the ontragos reformed to. The members nf that body may have tbeir minds-like the ' Laird of Cock pen '—so ?' taken up with affairs of the State,' or the Beenleigh portion of it, ao engrossed in the affairs and homes of tho living, that they had no time or attention to bestow on the borne of the dead If the responsibility resta upon the Trustees, tbs clergy of the denominationB interested should convene meetings of their pariahoners, to pass rotes of censure upon the Trusteed, and petition for tbe appointment of fresh ones. If, on tbe other band, it rests with the Board, a public meeting should bo held to express and emphasise tbe indignation of the Beenlcigh public Although I have treated this matter in a light vein— the better to invite attention of newspaper readers— believe me, sir, tbat I am fully sensible of its serious importanoe to all right-thinking minds, aud the mournful and painful Interest of the subject to those whose deceased lelaliom and friends have been ex posed, with uncliiirtian barbarity, to nucb scandalous neglect. It is the fashion to point to the French as shocking exainplos of dis tenters, or seceders from Christianity. In one reBpcct, however, France iB a model for the imitation of every country, for no Christians of any country, havo surpassed, or oven equalled, the French in reverence for the de parted, nay even 'love' for their dead. This ia uhown in the carefully kept and beautifully ornated French cemeteries. The chief salient evidence of ' love ' for the dead, exhibited by British Australian Christians, is to be found In instances where the deceased died wealthy and bequeathed their wealth to relation! or friends. Then aaid relations or friends 'low' tbetr dead far mnre dearly than they did when the dead were living. Bo true it is that ' we do not fully eatimate nnd realise the worth of relatives and friends until they arc guue.' These are not French, but English— ' Housohold Words.' Tbis may account for what I have complained of as — neglact. It may be our extreme honor and love for the dead which has prevented the cemetery fence being mended for very fear tbe noiee of carpentering might — wake or disturb the dead. In conclusion I may add tbat tbe gates, at the main entrance, are apparently— like so many old aud moribund pilgrims tottering on the way for admission thereto — ' hanging on by their eyebrows to tha brink of creation,' as it were, for tbey are not hanging b- their hinges. Hoping the above may attract attention that will bring about some reform of the evils complained of. — Yourm, tc, THE BEENLEIGH GHOST. Beenleigh, 31st October, 1884. 