A CONTRACTOR'S EXPERI ENCE OF WHITE LABOR IN THE NORTH. Mk George Basuford writes as follows to the Townsville Herald of the 2nd instaut : — Dear Sir, — I last addressed tho publio through the columus of your valued journal, at the commencement of last Decembur, and at that time I gave you my impression as to the nature and appearanco of the country around Mourilyan Harbour and the district through which tho Mourilyan Sugar Com junys tramway trom the plantation to tho harbour passes, and I also than declared myself as being strongly opposed to the employment of Chinesp, Kanakas, or any other class of colored labor, either on the augur plantations, tramway works or in any placo where the adoption of it could be possibly avoided Since writing tho letters referred to, T have made another visit to that locality, arriving here on the 11th January, and the results of my making a longnr stay here, in the height of a tropical summer, have caused me to form new ideas regarding several matters, but more especially upon the question of the re spective value of white and coloured labour, mid having, as above stated, not only in recent election speeches, but at other times declared myself to be a strong ' auti chiukie' man, I consider it to be my duty to give you my reasons for the change of my opinions, and trust that they may not be considered out of place. My experiences during the exooasivn heat of the past fortnight have proved to me that tho average white man cannot do tin: work requirud of him in railway undertaking, in a country and climate similar to this, and in proof of my assertion I give you herewith a small memorandum of the number of whito man cugaged upon the construction of this tramway, who, during the week ending Saturday, 10th Jannaay, daily turned out in a moiuiug intending to do a fair days work. From which it will be seen that the proportion of them who knocked off during tbo week mentioned In wirkin' hours, from the heat of the sun, sudden or continneil attacks of fevor and agin, or by other causes compelled to return to camp, amounts to 210 out of a total of 427, equal to a loss of 50 por cont in labour— a very serious ono in time and money to the con tractors, and which tells greatly against the boasted stamina of the white labourers in any climato : — Date: 1831. Turned out Worked Retired January. to work. full timo. sick. .Monday ... 14 ... 76 ... ii ... 31. Tuesday... 15 ... 71 ... 40 ... 31 Wodnosday IB ... 0J ... 20 ... 31 Thuratlay ... 17 ... 71 ... 3(i ... 35 Friday ... IS ... 71 ... 37 ... 31 Saturday... 19 ... 72 ... 33 ... 30 427 217 210 Tho work of forming the Mourilyan Com pany's tramway from tho harbour to the plan tation, sevan miles was commenced at tho end of last July, and up to the prosont timo — a period of six mouths — somo 800 to 900 white men have come and gone, after staying here but very short periods, in consequence of tho heat and unbealthiness of tho place, and out of. the original eighty who came up first with the contractors from Brisbane, only five now re main here, and those have all more or less suf fered from fevor during the time. Therefore, considering that there has boon a largo amount of work to bo done in proportion to tho short length of the lino, it will bo soon that tho eon tractors (Messrs Ross and Alderton) have had to suffer heavy loss, and a most serious diffi culty to contend with, in this matter alone. Last Decombor it was found absolutely necessary to introduco Chinoso in order to complete the line within contract timo, and accordingly fifty Celestials wero engaged. Since then the number has been largely in creased there being now on tho lino some 180 of theso gentry at work in tho cuttings and on he embankments. And they also arc subjectt to tho ' ills which mortal flesh is heir to,' and not infrequently drop out of the ranks of their mates in ones and twos, ami retire homewards ' wolly sick,' but nothing to tho extent that white mon leavo work. Thoro is no doubt whatever that Chinoso can stand the climate in these scrub countries a very long way hotter than oven seasonod colonials, But as regards thoir working capa bilities they cannot hold a candle for a moment to tho white man in good health, the latter being ablo to do at least three times as much as the former; but against this must be placed to tho credit of tho Chinaman the fact that, although ho may only get through a compara tively littlo work during the day, yet he sticks to it throughout. Ho has ouo steady space aud a sot stroke or movoraont for doing his work, all day long, and if ho is disturbed in those ho ' takes a spell,' and stands still apparently never to go again until the ganger romiuds him of his duties, but although not such a consummate loafer us the kanaka, the Chinkio, requires constantly look ing after. ' Johnny' has also peculiar ideas of his own as to tho way in which navvying should bo dono ; for instanco if ho has any 'stumping' to do he is not satisfied unless himself and his mate are supplied with a full set of tools, -ixo, grubber, shovol, and pick, which are not alwnj-s at hand, and failing any portion of these, be will chop the root while his mate looks on, and whon the root is cut through tho grubber commences, and tho axeman 'spells' until tho job is finished, and another root selected to operate upon, thus two men do only tho work of one. Tho ' Chinkie' also knows how to tako care of himsolf, and invariably erects his humpy and makes all his domestic, social, and culinary arrangements before commencing on a job, and setting aside tho all-pervading and pungent odour of opium in Chinamen's hum pies, their dwellings contrast vovy favorably as a rule in comfort and cleanliness with tho camps of the white men, the latter being gene rally 'run up' or 'pitched' in a happygo lucky sort of style in spare timo during pro gress of work. Not sufficient attention is paid to tbe suitability and drynoss of the sito chosen, aud tho proper precautions for secur ing cleanly, comfortable, and healthy quarters are too often neglected ; in a climate liko this. During working hours one seldom sees aChinman refeshing himself by drinking water, he has either a billy of tea, or some limejuice and water which he oonsiders ' welly good shanny gaff,' and he drinks seldom and in small quantities, whereas the white man swills water by tho bucketful during his work, which has an enervating effect and is a frequent cause of disordered stomach. Tho wages at present being paid on this tramway are for white carpenters 14s, pick and shovel men, platelayers, horse-drivers and genorrl labourers, Ss to lla per day of eight hours, and to Chinamen 5s 2d per day of ten hours, but notwithstanding the difference in rates, white labour would bo cheaper in tho ond, provided the men could stand the climate of these districts. Experience proves however, as far as this line has shown me that they cannot do so ? the sun 'id too powerful for them. The malaria rising from the dense crub and jungles takes a strong hold upon them, fever and ague super venes and the men are utterly incapacitated for work for weeks and perhaps months afterward', involving the heavy loss to the contractors in timo and labour, as shown in tli i procedins memorandum. I am there fore much ngainst my inclination in summ ing up the casn. 'White v. Yellow,' and calculating the high wages paid to the Euro pean, bis inability to stand tbe climate, and the loss and inconvenience caused by his constantly knocking off work, compelled unhesitatingly to give my verdict in favor of of the Asiatics, and I regard them and kanakas as being the only fit form of labor for these Northern sugar lauds. Moreover, 1 consider, and it is my firm opinion, that any railway contractors asking white men to come up to these parts during the summer months to do navvies' work, and objecting to tbe employment of Chinese in a dense .scrub country, should be compelled to work himself to see how. ho likes it; then he will soon con fess that tho work in question is only fit for Chinese and Polynesians, and will quickly mako no bones about engaging them. If any railway or other contractor or em ployer of labor is of a different opinion to mine, lot him come up here and see for himsolf what I have seen and experienced daily on this line — namely, men walking about, the sem blance of living ghosts, women calling upon God to deliver them from thoir sufferings, and mon, light-headed and half-delirious with fever, leaving in numbers for tho Townsville Hospi tal, and I guarantee that in a very short time ho will speedily be converted into my way of thinking. Personally speaking, I sincerely trust that I may never have a railway contract or any share of one for such another undertaking in a similar district to tho present, as I would much prefer to live in dear old Limestone, on half rations and a threepenny shandygaff under my bolt as a daily allowance. In conclusion, it may not be out of place to give you some additional particulars of the nature of the country and the work done on tho track. We have passed through over six miles of dense scrub and jungle, with trees 50ft. to 100ft. in height, interlaced with creepers, lawyer canes, and thick undergrowth. The timber principally consists of silky oak, apple-tree, gums, bean-tree, blood-wood, ti-troo, and a little pencil cedar. Tho heat along the lino is intense, varying recently from 115° to 121' in the shade, and the only cool air that reaches us is tho fag end of the breeze from the harbour. The total length of the tramway is 6 miles GOo chains, and tho work has consisted of cutting two banks about 20,000 yards. Tho timber used consists of about 17,000 sleepers. Two miles of for mation ballast, lie. So the work has not been as easy as on some of thn lines down South, although this is only a 2ft. gauge. The rails aro laid from tho harbor up to the Five-mile, and I hope by pushing on the platelayers to havo the engiue into the plantation before this reaches you, and then I shall be off to Cook town immediately. It is not my intention to employ Chinese in Cooktown, as the nature of the country is very different to this, being nearly all forest laud and the climate is not nearly so oppressive. I am doing my utmost, to push on tho work horo and to clear out of this unbearable region as soon as possible, and thero is not a whiteman on the ground who doesn't wish the same, and who will not back me up in saying that to leavo this part of the couutry to the Chiukics and the blacks is the best thing we can do. 