Original Papers. THE AGGRESSIVE WORK OF THE CHURCH. Paper read by Rev. H. A. Langley at a Clerical Meeting lield at the Deanery, on Tuesday, 17th June, 188/f. It is of the utmost importance, as ministers of Christ, we keep ever before us that we form part of the Church Militant. Warfare is a necessity as long as men are what they are ; as long as we have the world, the flesh, and the devil against which to contend we are, in a peculiar sense, to be Christ's soldiers and servants. Though we call not ourselves by the name of an army, and though we may set aside as misleading all forms of nomenclature taken from human strife ; though the weapons of our warfare are not carnal, we are none the less called upon to fight the Lord's battles in our day and generation, and to seek, by the power oi divine grace, to pull down the strongholds of Satan in the individual, the Church, and the world. The aggressive work of the Church is one of the most important branches of her labour, and cannot be neglected or ignored without infinite loss to ourselves and to those who ought to be the special objects of the Church's mission. I. Let me define what we are to understand by ' the aggressive work of the Church' : — In one sense all our work is aggressive, even that most blessed work of the pastor, in building up the souls of true disciples in faith, love, and holiness. Is there not here a constant contention against principles of evil? Is there not a. constant work to be done in watching over these true members of the body of Christ ; in direct ing them in the warfare against the powers of evil within them and around ? But I understand the subject beforeus rather to refer to the work among that mass of men who are far away from God, who are living in utter carelessness, and in sin ; whom the Church never reaches, unless she makes most unusual and especially earnest efforts ; or those who, while they pay a certain formal attention to religious duties, are still in heart and mind and life strangers to the comfort and the power of personal religion. What is our duty in relation to such persons ? What can be done to win them to better things ? How can we bring them out of their condition of heathenism, ungodliness, and sin— aroase them from carelessness, and lead them to live for God ? How can we fulfil in this respect the ministry of the gospel committed to us : ' To seek for Christ's sheep that are dispersed abroad, and for His children who are in the midst of this naughty world, that they may be saved through Christ for ever'? Or, again, as we are directed : ' To bring all such as are, or shall be, committed to your charge, into that agree- ..', ment in the faith and knowledge of God, and to that ripenesB and perfectness of age in Christ that there shall be no place left among you either for error in religion, or for viciousness of life'? II. The need for this aggressive work is apparent to every earnest Look at the actual state of things. The largest proportion of our people have lapsed lrom uuurcn. ordinances, jimvug pruuunj»i «»'uD the estimate of persons who come to church varies considerably. Some say not one in three ; others, not one in ten. Certainly the largest part of our population do not attend the means of grace. Mr Hayter gives the population of Victoria as 882,232, and the church attendance at 321,673, Now, as far as the Church of England is concerned, I do not think this proportion is maintained. In our large cities about one in five attend church. Then observe the un doubted fact that the proportion of women far exceeds that of men. Intemperance has a fearful hold upon numbers of our people ; uncleanness is sapping the moral tone of society, and undermining the physical strength of the community. There are said to be two thousand abandoned women in the city of Melbourne alone. Infidelity, in some cases open and undisguised, and in its grossest ? and most ignorant form, is commonly professed ; and even among those who do not swell the throngs at lectures by infidel teachers there is, as we all know from experience in pastoral work, a large amount of latent scepticism, or that practical materialism whose ,,-- motto is, ' Let us eat and drink, for to-morrow we die.' x To seek after and reach these persons is peculiarly the work ot tbfa Church of England. The greater number call themselves members of the Church ; a great many of them have been baptised into our fold The parochial system, which is an integral part of the Church's order, in which we rightly glory, demands, that the Church as a Church should enter on aggressive work among these lapsed classes. Another consideration of great moment, and that should stir us up . to see the necessity for this aggessive work, is that others are doing it, in a sense, to our loss. We rejoice in all the real good tbafc is done This is no time for jealousy or narrow prejudice as to workers connected with other religious organisations. The enemy is at the gate. Souls are being lost. Let us not dare to forbid any man to whom grace is given to cast out devils because he follows not with us Let us rather pray for a blessing upon every true-hearted servant . of Christ, and be abundantly thankful when any man or any body of men is blessed with spiritual results. . . , ,. We cannot, however, ignore the fact that while the spiritual results are to a great extent satisfactory, the effect is to weaken us as a Church to take from us— sometimes, alas I to make alien to us— those who, were they won to God and truth and a better life among us, might be the bone and sinew of our congregations, and a mighty strength to our Church work. We can never admit the theory that we cannot do the work. There is the same power with us as with others. We have the same gospel—' the power of God unto salvation unto every one that believeth'— and we cannot doubt that God is as willing to bless our efforts if He is sought with the same earnestness and devotion. Take for instance, the work of the Salvation Army. I cannot share in the denunciations of this organisation in which some of my ?brethren indulge. I have taken some trouble to ascertain their mode of working, and what permanent results attend their labours. There are many things I do not care for in their methods. They. are not perfect by any means. I do not think they sufficiently regard the apostolic direction, ' Let all things be done decently, and in order.' I think there is a tendency to put forward young converts too soon, either to relate experiences, or to teach others. All these things may be a necessity of their work. They have to do rough work among rough men .and women, and they must use rough methods. God blesses them. Souls are brought to Christ and a new life. Many among their converts attain a high degree of sanctity. Personal observation has shown me evidences that definite, and in many cases lasting, results follow from their efforts. The best and safest criticism in God's work — that which is sure to be on the line of the charity that thinketh no evil — is to go out and do the same work better than they are doing it. In this way we may win the title to criticise. I am quite convinced that all they arc doing might be done by us, and free from what we may consider some of its imperfections, if we would only enter upon it in the same spirit of self-consecration, prayerfulness, and devotion which marks the leaders in the Army. For the sake of our own branch of the Church of God, for the sake of the people whom God has given us, because they are, many of them, untouched by our present agencies, and are, though within sight of our churches, living in darkness and the shadow of death, there is need— abundant, real, awful need — for aggressive work in the Church. III. The next point for consideration is 7io?v far me are meeting this need. Only, ' I would observe, to a very limited extent. We all, no doubt, feel the burden of the care of souls ; and in parochial visitation, in earnest preachiug, in our Sunday-schools, and in other ways, we are seeking, up to the measure of our capacity, to carry the war to the gates. Under the effort to do it some of us are already breaking down. Yet, the truth must be acknowledged : we are not meeting this special need. \\-Ve preach and pray and visit, but the mass of ungodliness remains very much the same. We are apt at times to give up the solution of the problem because we cannot see our way through it ; to ask ' who is sufficient for these things ?' and fail to recognise that 'our sufficiency is of God.' Too often we are content and satisfied if we minister to a mere fraction of our people, and because our churches are fairly attended, and we get smoothly through a certain amount of clerical work, that we are doing all that can be done. All the time the need is there, increasing every day. Let us acknowledge the fact that we are meet ing it only to a very limited extent. We hold our own. Not always that. See, for instance, the number of our young people that, after instruction in our Sunday-school, go from us to join the ranks of ungodliness, carelessness, and sin. IV. For this aggressive ivorli we liava peculiar advantages. 1\. Our parochial system. — The whole country planned out and put under the charge of men whose special work it is to see and know every one, and bring to bear on each the power of organised and intelligent effort.' According to our order there is no man left without his minister, either clergyman or reader, and almost to every man we can, with some show of right, carry the word of life divine. 2\. Our well- proportioned system of doctrine, which, while it gives plenty of opportunity for the emotional nature to exercise itself, yet presents to'the mind a sober, rational, and devout outline of 'the faith once delivered to the saints.' -_ 3. Our educated and trained clergy. I do not mean to suggest that we hold a monopoly of these, but we do know that care is taken that each man who undertakes the office of the minister of Christ among us shall have a special educational and practical training for his work. 4\. The peculiar hold we have, as the Church of England, upon all Englishmen. Of course, I am aware that many call themselves mem bers of the Church of England because their forefathers were that, while, in fad, they themselves are simply heathen. Yet here is a lever we may use in our aggressive work. We may without offence, as their acknowledged pastors, press upon them attention to their ., eternal interests. ? V y- I hasten to the last point : Practical suggestions as to increased earnestness, and renewed efforts, and new undertakings in this special aggressive work. What more can we do than we are doing ? This is a question very difficult to answer. I can only make sugges tions : 1\. The Church must awaken to the necessity for this work— that it is the special work for the times, that it is second in importance to nodepartment of spiritual labour. '2. We must be prepared to learn from anyone, and to do anything that is not wrong or unscriptural in order to reach the mass of the ungodly. We must be prepared to adapt our services to the wants and the understandings of the multitude, and in our special services to use extempore prayer, lively singing, and very plain speaking, easy to be understood by those to whom we go. We must not be afraid to use the help of unlettered and otherwise ignorant men, who are prepared to testify to the truth they have received, and' to the glory and blessedness of the life divine. 3\. We must seek special spiritual fitness for this undertaking, utter self-abandonment to the work, a willingness to do or dare anything that is not intrinsically wrong to lead men to a new and better life ; willingness to suffer from the estrangement of some, who will call our wisdom folly and our faith presumption. This can only be attained by constant prayer for the fulness of the Spirit of God. 4\. We must be prepared, at any cost of personal feeling, or prejudice, or the favour of men, to adopt tried measures for the accomplishment of our great end— the recovery of the lost. Amongst these I would suggest — ? . - . (a) The formation of a Church Parochial Mission upon the lines of the Salvation Army, without military titles, and with the avoidance of the extravagancies into which we think others have run. This has been done in England with marked success. (I) The use of open-air preaching by clergymen or laymen. If the people will not come to us, let us go to them. There are, unfortu nately, numbers of persons who will not go to a church ; you cannot get them into one. These same will stand and listen to the Word preached in the open air. ? , (c) The building or hiring of mission halls in all thickly populated and poor neighbourhoods ; or where, from want of means or any other cause, this is impossible, rooms may be had, by making~a little effort, in which to hold cottage-meetings. ; (d) The employment of lay agency of every kind, men or women, to teach or preach, or, indeed, in any way gain access to those ready to perish. (e) Where we can conscientiously do so, we can do much by throw ing ourselves into some of the great movements of the day, such as temperance rescue work. (/) I would further suggest the appointment of clergymen specially suited to this work as Missioners, who shq.uld do nothing else but conduct special mission services in any parish to which they were invited. _ There ought to be two Missioners constantly employed in every diocese in Australia, whereas there is not even one set entirely apart to this work in the continent. I may mention that the Wesleyan Church in Victoria has two ministers engaged entirely in this work, and the Presbyterians one. Some of these schemes mean money. What if they do ? ? Could money be better spent 1 I am convinced that if the lay members of our Church only saw that we meant work, and real aggressive work of this kind, they would provide the means to carry it on. Indeed; let the work be undertaken in the right spirit and it would after a time be self-supporting. It means, however, more than money. It means deep, whole hearted earnestness. It means that we break down every bridge behind us ; that we lay ourselves on the altar of God as an entire dedication ; that we go into it as men resolved to do or die in the cause of God and immortal souls. It means that we give ourselves more fully than ever to prayer and the ministry of the Word. I hope my brethren in the ministry will bear with me. I would not have had the presumption to bring this subject before them, and to deal with it in the way I have done, were it not that in my absence I was invited to read this paper. I read it now. under a deep sense of my own failure in many earnest efforts to carry on this work ; and I pray that God may give us the fulness of the Holy Ghost, as a spirit of power and love, and of a sound mind, so that we may attempt something more for the glory of God and the salvation of men. The collect for Easter Day should be the burden of prayers in view of this question : ' Almighty God, who through Thine only begotten Son hast over-' come death, and opened to us the gate of everlasting life; We humbly beseech Thee, that as Thou dost put into our minds good desires, so by Thy. continual help we may bring the same to good effect ; through Jesus Christ our Lord, who liveth and reigneth with Thee and the Holy Ghost, ever one God, world without end. Amen.' 