THE LAND LAWS OF ENGLAND. Tbe law of real property ia England is a foarful and wonderful thing. Strictly spoak- ing, it is not law at all, but a miscellaneous collection of cunning devices framed by clover lawyers and sanctioned by wily judges for the purpose ol reducing statute laws and customs to nullities. Legal documents relating to land do not make reference to tho statute book, and if anyone oaks where the law is tobofonnd, ho is vaguely referred to some thousands of volumes of cases which the lawyers themselves rarely look into. The law, such as it is, oau- ' not boast of stability. It has undergone a multitude of changes, the history of which has to be guessed at rather than traced. It is supposed to be based on feudalism, but feudalism itself was only a novelty grafted on a much older Rtate of things. There never was at sny time any approach to uniformity in the ' law, the old Anglo-Saxon system haying been just as complicated as that which is now looked upon as law. Magna Charta itself was designed in the interest of the great land holders to restrain the subdivision of holdings, and this was, 70 years afterwards, followed by the passing of the act which created en tails, This was found to be so vexatious that it was gradually set aside by the judges, and it ultimately became a dead letter. Strictly Bpeaking, there are no entails nndor this law now existing in England. It has been superseded by the comparatively modern law of settlement, which was inserted, strange to say, in the time of the Common wealth, and has no other foundation than tho will and pleasure of the great landowners themselves, who simply acted on the principle that they had a right to do what they liked with fclieir own. The settlement of an estate was an individual act done in secret, for which it was not supposed that any legal sanction was required. The large landowners did not break any law, and the judges simply accopted their action, and bound them to the perform ance of what they had voluntarily undertaken Parliament did not interfere with them in any effectual way until 1832, whoa Lord Cairns'a Settled Land Act, introduced during Lord Beaconsfield's administration, and passed under that of Air. Gladstone, dealt a blow to tho I system from which it is not likely to recover. By that act the limited owner of a settled estate is authorised to bcU portions of the en tailed land, and to apply the proceeds to the discharge of encumbrances on, or to the improvement of, the remaining portion. The only restriction upon him is that ho must not apply the money to His own personal use, although, no doubt, ingenious ways of doing so will bo found out. Not only has the thin edgo of the wedge been inserted, but it has been driven a long way iuto the whole system of settlement, and the road has been cleared for tho operations of future land law reformers. It must be confessed that for tbo time boing the law has been rendered more complicated, but that will make it all the more necessary, before long, to undertake the reconstruction of tho laud laws on a more simple basis than has hitherto been found practicable. The act is calculated to be bcneGcial alike to the public and to tho limited landowner, but the country will not be satisfied with the measure except as an instalment of larger concessions. Professor Pollock has done his work of epitomising the land laws of England in a highly creditable way. Bis style Is so remark ably clear that even the details of the dry, knotty points of obsolete law become pleasant reading. He does not attempt to palliato the abuses of the law as it stands, although it is beyond tho scope of his treatise to deal with the philosophy or the political economy of the subject. He treats of tbo law as it stands, but lets it be clearly seen that it is timo to take tho future modification of it out of the hands of tho lawyers. Ono of tbe great defects ol the English system is that everything relating to the land is done in secret. There is no record of transactions, and these are conducted chiefly in the iutorest of the legal fraternity, the interests of clients being taken carc of, but only in a secondary way. Our author puts tho matter tersely in these few words : — " The history of our land laws is a history of legal fictions and evasions, with which tho legis lature vainly endeavored to keep pace until their results (and with them the crooked ways by which thay were attained) were perforce . acquiesced in as a settled part of the law it self." The obvious conclusion should be that it is time tho legislature should take the lead, and be no longer content with following in tho winding wayB of the lawyers. It is only fair to allow, howovor, that the judge-made law of the middlo ages was frequently better for the publio than the statute law which was frittered away and set aside. This was notably the case as rogards the law of 1285, which established the sy6tom of entails. The judges did their lawbreaking work so thoroughly that not a fragment of tho Btatute remains; but modern jndges could not, even if they would, break down the law of settlement in tbo same way. Lord Cairns has dono his share of tho work, and so far bos done it well, but he had to do it in his placo in Parliament, and not from the bench. As a matter of necessity tho work done by tbo lawyers must bo taken in hand by tho legislature. Acts of Parlia ment must bo respected nowadays ; the amendment of the law being no longer in tho hands of tho lawyers, they must be contont to become its instruments rather than its masters Toe uaroaroua legal notions ot cue miauie ages wore only tolerable in so far as thoy were less of an evil than tho strict interpretation ot tho acts which thoy evaded would have boon Some of these old fictions remain, but it is no longer possible to construct fresh ones, and a new way out of old difficulties must be pur sued. Boldness must now do the work for which at ono time deception was requisite. John D.oe and Richard Roe have been pnt out of cunvt, and straightforward action must be substituted for devious Invention, Our legisla tors ftte slow to bcq this necessity, but if thqr do not move of tbeir own accord they will yield to pressure. The land laws dealt with la this volume ore those of England only. Those of Scotland nro totally different, retaining as they do much more, of the old feudal spirit, and comprising the law of entail as it existed , long hoforo the English law of settlement was in- Tented. The laws of Ireland differ hiefiy from those of England through recent legislation. Our author has not a word, good r. bad, to say respecting them — a matter for aegrot, because a review of what has boen doitc ?.Ireland might he of somo uso in dealing with a reform of the English system. Tlio lawB are different in tho three kingdoms, but the principles which should guido their recon struction are of universal applicability. There is so much excellent matter in this work that wo should feel tempted to give numerous extracts were it not that the exposi tion of tho successive growth of the law consti tutes such a connected whole that it would niter by division. Tho following may fairly ho, regarded as sncli a hird's-oye view of the -various kinds of land tenure as will suffico to give an idea of the general method in which Professor Pollock has dealt with the snbjcct: — lotus imagine onrselvcs placed on some com manding point within the boundaries of a great English estate looking ovorits mansion house and Is park, its fields and pastures, its woods and wastes. Over against us there rises an open hill, covered it may ho with brilliant gorso anil heather in the season, and fringed and crested with wild woods. Tlicso arc open and common lands, over which many persons bavo rights of putting so many beasts to grozc, oi cutting turf and underwood for the uso of their habitations, and tho like, according to the custom of the ennutry .and place. Such rights wore expluined hy onr law books, until quite recently, so. as to make them fit into u aompleto feudal theory of land holding. Tiioy wcro supposed to havo been granted by the lord of .tho manor to bis tcnauts, or to have grown up within his domain by way of sulfranccand usage, nil the long continocd approval of successive lords passed from a matter of favor into a matter of right. Thi9, or something like it, may some- limes have happened. But in general the true Jhistory is Just the other way. The peoplo who exercise rights of common exercise them by a title which, if we could only trace it all the way back, is far more ancient than the lord's. Their rights are those which belonged to the mem bers of tho village community long before manors and lords of tho manor wore board of. Perhaps there are also parcels of 'Lammas land in the tteigbborbood — fields which arc enclosed and cul tivated port of the year, and during the other part thrown open for the common uso of its several occupiers, or (as is inoro likely to bo the cose) of a larger class of persons. Such arrange ments are relics of tho time when separate owner ship of land was in its infancy. These and other ancient communal rights are often vested in the inhabitants of the parish, which may woll be thought to represent a still older community, " and to prcscrvo in such lingering usages some traces of its original constitution. Examples of them bavo been much diminished in the last few. generations by tho steady progress of enclosures, but still they aro not uncommon, Between our, Imagined post and tho waste land there lies a stretch of cultivated ground, occupied by ono or more fnrmors. They may hold under lenses far % considerable term of years, or ouly from year to year, but in the latter caso they ma), under favorable circumstances, enjoy a good deal of practical security in their tenure. In any case their legal condition is of a relatively modern and simple kind. It >ns barely provided for in the economy of tho feudal system, and is exempt from tho mysteries of tho law of real jrroperty. A leaseholder's interest in bis farm is dealt vitb, in caso of bis death, without disposing of it by will, in exactly the samo way as his interest In the stock on the farm, or money in the funds, «r any other movable property- lu thclauguagc. of ihe law it !b personal, and not real estate. Tho complexities of which wc have spoken affect him only through hie landlord, in so far as they tie.tho landlord's hands in dealing with the ten ant and improving tho property. Nearer to ub again, at the foot of the park, is a little homo farm, kopt in hand and managed by an agent on tbo lord's immediate behalf. This method of cultivation was u prevailing ono for a consider able part of the Middle Ages We now meet with it only as an exception ; sometimes it is a luxury, som'etiuicti an experiment, sometimes the. necessity of a bad season. Now lot us turn to the park and tho manor house itself, which may fill the foreground of our imaginary land scape. The lord of all this is a tenant himself, though not in a popular senso, or to much prac tical elfcct. His lands arc held of the Crown, or perhaps of somo other superior who himself holds of the Crown. His predecessors before the Com monwealth time owed rent or services, or both, and were subject to a vurioty of occasional dues and payments, some of tbcm of a vexatious kind. They were boand to follow the king or other over lord when be went forth xo war, and bring with tbcm a spocifiod arrnod force, or pay. for the maintenance of its equivalent. Tho feudal dues nnd services havo been abolished ; but ancient money rents, technically kuown by various names, and reduced to nominal amount by tho changes that havo taken placo in tho standard of tho coinage and the value of the precious metals, often survive to this day., Soiuo ancient rents aro. not in inonoy but in kind. Tho lord of this mansion is named by nil men its owner ; it is said to belong to bim ; the park, tbo domesno, the farms aro called his. But we skull bo always safe in assuming that hois not tho full and freo owner of any part of it. Ho ia a "limited owner," having an interest only for his own life. Ho might have become the full owner, though still under a greater or leas burden of incumbrances created by his predecessors, if ho had possessed the means of waiting, tho independence of thought uud will-to break with tho tradition of bis order and the bias of bis education, and tho energy to per severe in his dissent against the counsels and feelings of bis family. But he bus had every inducement to Jet things go their uccuaimucd way. Thoso whom he had always trusted told bim, and ptobably with sincere belief, that tbo accustomed way was tho'beat for tho family, for the land, for the tenants, and for tho country. And there can bo ho doubt that it was .at tbc.timo tbo most aqrecablo to hiimelf. As soon, or almost as soon, as he -Mas of ago to bind himself, he entered into a new settlement, by which his own Interest was reduced, like bis father's boforo Jbim, to that of u life tenant, and the succession of his offspring secured in odvanco down to the farthest limits allowed by the law. The logal machinery by which this is done is little tuoro than two centuries old, nnd, though refined and improvod in details by tbo ingenuity of genera tions of conveyancers, has not been much altered In substance sinco its first invention. It qwcb nothing to legislation, except by accident. Thus, then, tbo apparont owner of. the domain is no mere absolute as to its actual disposition and . management than tho king is absolute .in a limited monarchy: Ho can do hut littlo' of his awn motion, and what ho'does is for tbo benefit of successors not his own choice, . Lifcoly enough, ho has no clear notion of his own powers arid' their, limits. AnKngliflhfamilyBottlmcntison tho whole lest intelligible, and certainly less understood by "turn. In practice the limited owner has to put himself a good deal in the handB of oxports, and oftentimes bo is fain to make tho family solicitor hia priiuo minister. Tho advice he gets is pretty suro to be on the Bafe aide, that is on the side of ?ot trying experiments. A family solicitor, unliko thoso who administer affairs of State, has no motive wbatevor for being enterprising in liiB cliont'e aOairo, and mnny to the contrary, llo cannot hurt himself by over caution, and may hurt himself much by rashness. So ho takes, as a rulo, the lino of doing as' little as possible, which is ono much commended in all walks of life to thoso whoso first object iB their own pence and quictnosB. Pcradvonture tho lord of this estate is lord in a strict legal sense— that is, as lord of the manor. Wo havo, indeed, assumed as much in our description. In this capacity ho is a kind of small sovereign princo, posscssod of his own courts, and doing justico according to his own procedure aud customs, But his: powers and jurisdiction arc shrivelled by the changes and chances of centuries into next to nothingness, and only the names of tlicm remain. In tho voiuiuinoUB settlement which confers titlo to these lands on bim and his .issue, tho manorial franchises nro enumerated in a roll of strange-looking terms, rautiy of which arc now obscure, even to the lawyer, unless he is also an historical student ; thero aro English words among them of imme morial antiquity, which bad their technical meaning centuries before thu Conquest, and which tho Norman lawyers, only ball understand ing theiu, thought it prudent to Icavo untrans lated. They held tneir own during tho invasion of Norman, French and Latin, and their native English hardly knows them again when it meets tbcm. As for tlio lord himself, he knows neither the words nor thoir moaning unless ho happens to bo a Gchol.tr and an antiquarian. Nor is he concerned to know them for any purpose of business. Tho ancient franchises and profits aro obsolete, and have been so for many generations. The manorial courts exist, and their records are kept in tho ancient fashion. To bo the lord of a manor is to ho tho lord of a sccnlar ruin, in which ho that knows the secret of tho crabbed .spell-book may call up tho ghosts of a vanished order of tho world. Thus we bavo taken a hasty view of tho legal aspects of an English landed estate, which will presently como boforo us ono by ono for a more detailed survey. It is an unparalleled accumulation of layer upou layer of diverse materials. Tenure and convention, custom and competition, legislation and usage, tho rudo common lifo of tho freo Teutonic warrior tribes, an aristocratic military system sprung from sheer necessities of mutual defence, nnd disguised in tho terms nnd reasons of a Komanised law, the sabtie deductions of a logal pro esssiou trained in scholastic disputes, tho attcroplB of an' iiupaticnt Parliament to make their crooked things straight, the uot less snbtlo and more flexible inventions of modern lawyers, the partial clearances and half-hearted amend ments of modern law reformers ; all these havo gone to tho making of tlio vast and inoxtricnblo maes, and all must bo considered in their turn by the seeker who is bold enough to search out tbcliistory and the meaning of tho laud laws, of Englaud. ... 