(Spiral 2**wsi. The Eclipse of the Mobs. — The almost cloudless state of tbe sky on Thursday sight last gave astronomical lovers a good oppor tunity of observing the total eclipse of the moon, which took place on that occasion. In iStratbalbyn tbe phenomenon waa visible all throue-h its course. The Weather. — The whole of the past week has been beautifully mild, exactly tbe kind h.lidayists desire, but at the preseut moment f*ie-e Ate iurt:ca-:'-ns ? -f an approacb Illi; t.lMllg-w !-- «''.-!, '?'.-; :« I^ 11 IS IlivjJcd ;:'W we '-oprt -?? se-- ?? :r, j.-ij -li'-woi^ C 'iuo iLwn. Buddhism » Relation to Christianity.. — At the last large meeting held iu February, by the Victoria (Philosophical) Iustitute, 7, Adelphi Terrace, London, & purer was read by the Her. R. G. Collins, M.A., on Buddhism in relation to Christianity. Be* (erring to the parallels between the persons &.id characters of Buddha and Jesns Christ, be said: — 'Take, as a promiueut instance, the birth storiesi I need not here give details, which are to be found in any modern work on Buddhism. The supposed miraculous conception; the bringing down of Buddha from the Tosita Heaven ; the Devas acknowledging his supremacy; the presentation by Mara — wnich legends are embellished by the modern writer I have already quoted, under such phrases as ** Conceived by the Holy Ghost,' ' Born of the Virgin Maya,' 'tioug of the he.veDly host,' ' Prestjutatation iu the Temple and temptalijn in the wilderness'' — none of those are found in the early Pali texts. The simple story of ancient Buddhism is that an ascetic, whose family name was Gautama, preached a new doctrine of human suffering, and a new way of deliverance from it. There is no thought in the enr.y BudJhism, of which we read in the Pali texts, of de liverance at the hands of a god ; but the man Gautama Buddha stands alone in h:s striving after the true emancipation from sorrow and ignorance. The accounts of his descending from heaven, aud being con ceived in the world of men, when a preter natural light shone over the worlds, the blind received their sight, the dumb saug, the lame danced, the sick were cured, to gether with all such embellishments, are certainly added by later hands ; and if hire we recognise some rather remarkable like nesses in thought or expression to things familiar to us in oar Bibles we need not be astonished, when we reflect bow great must have been the influence, as I have before hinted, of the Christian story in India in the early centuries of the Christian era. and. perhaps, long subsequently. This is a point which has been much overlooked ; but it ib abumiautiy evident from, among other proofs, ihe story of the g-xi Krishna, which is a manifest parody of lbs bistiry of Christ. The Bhagavat- OUa, a theoaophical poem put into the mouth of Krishna, is something unique among the producious of the East, containing many gem6 of what we should call Christian truth wrested from their proper setting, to adorn this creation of the Brahman poet and indicating as plainly their origin as do tiie stories of his life in the Malia-Bharata ; so that it has not ud rrfSEunaoly been concluded that the story of Krishna was inserted in the Maha-Bharata to furnish a divine sanction to the Bhagavat GUa. If, then, as there is the struagest reaaou to believe, the Christian story, some where between the first and tenth centuries of tue Christian eta, f Teed itself into the great Hindu epic, aud was the foundation of the most remarkable poem that ever saw the light iu India, can we b« surprised if we find simililarJy borrowed aud imitated wonders in the later Buddhiot stories also ?'' .Several Home and Colonial applications to j )in the Institute as guinea subscribers were received, and i*s objjet buiug to investigate all philosophical aud scientific questions, especially any said to militate against the truth of the Bible, — a disenssion ensued in which. Mr. lioriuuzi Rassam, Professor litiituer, from Lahore, Mr. Colev, an earnest btudent of the question during 25 years' residence in Ceylou, Professor Rhys Davids, and others, took part, all agreeing in and confirming the statements of Mr. Collins* paper. Dr. Leituer brought a large number of photographs of eariy India and Tartar fccuiptuieti, sii -wiug the first introduction of tbe ChrislidU story iuio those monuments beiwerfu aud about tbe secoud and tenth ceutarieB. and he pointed out the value of fcucu additioual coufiimatiou of Mr. Collms' statements. Evening School.— We beg to draw the attention of our readers to an advertisement which appears elsewhere annuuuciug a long ielt want in this town, viz , au evening class for those who were obliged to leave school before they had finished their education Mr. Pavia intends during the winter, should lie meet with a fair amount of eucourag -mm to continue evening classes in reading, wrii iti:., arithmetic, spelling, aa-i book keeping, mi three nights a week, Tuesday, Thursday, and Friday, from 7 te 9 We hope Uis euter jirize will meet the success it deserves. Tub Stokv of a *? Thdg ' — Tlie Colonies uiui India says — A 1 censed subject lor Iudiau vii i« tbe Thuggi department. It is com monly uuderstood that an energetic comoiis Kioner and a staff of zealous clerks, detec tives, sowars, and what not, are supported in luzary on the strength of a tradition that tiny once caught a Thug. But there are persons, disinterested too, who will not be lieve that the sect of murderers is extinct, and their incredulity is more than justified by tbe report of the Punjab Police Depart ment. It offically puts on record the story of Snarfu, alias Sharif-ud-diu, who was liaagtd on January C, 1882. He began life as a card sharper, diverged into hone coping, eulisted in the police, abducted a girl of laniily, cut off her nose after a time, aud was neuteuced to eighteen months' imprisonment. In Bareilly gaol he met Tikka Kam, the head of the poisoning Thugs in the North West Provinces, and their kindred spirits flew together. Suarit-uii-diu was 'converted ' to Thuggee, became lieutenant of the gang, aud lor six years they murdered with un broken success round Agra. Sharif then ran away with Tikka's wife and two daughters, to establish a gang- of his own in the Punjab. This was iu 1867. We gather that from 1865 till 18?9 the wretch lived by poisoning wayfarers. He pleaded guilty tj ninety-six charges. The Punjab Police llepartinent has jmt published his biography, with notes, to aid officers in arresting the uuiiubera of the gang who are known to be at large. Accident. — On Thursday last a vouug man named James Kichardson, well known in Strathalbyu, while riding to Milling, met wilh a very painful accident, by which he got one of his legs broken. It appears that wheu within a few miles from his destination his horse shied at something, and came down, briugiug young iSichardson violently to the ground, with one of his legs under the home. The animal soon regained its feet, and Uicbardsou being unable to free his foot from the stirrup was dragged for some little dis tance along the road, the jerkiug at last free ing him from faia painful position, aud leaving him lying on the road in a half insensible coudiiiou. H« was found shortly afterwards by tbe driver of the Milang coach, which fortunately, was a little behiud him. He was taken on to Milang, and brought back next morning to Strathalbyn, when Dr. Blue, who attended him, set the broken limb. We are gitii to learu that the unfortunate young fellow is getting along very well. A Maiibiaoe of Giants. — Patrick William O'Brien, the Irish Giant, and Christiana D. Uunz, the German giantess, were married in Pittsburg on November 20. The ceremony was performed iu the German Evangelical Church aud was witnessed by a numerous con course of people, including the Mayor and Council of Pittsburg,the Mayor of Allegheny, Joh:i McCullougb, Margaret Mather, the Azi i-s dwarfe, the Indians and the suake cuaimer. Uulsidethe church tbe crowd gath ered in fcuah numbers as to obstruct traffic, in spite ot the effoiis of a laige force of police. O'brien wore a full dress suit. A model pre sented to him by the Land League ornament ed his breast. The bride wore a wreath of Oiauge blossoms aud a veil that covered a su perb areas of white satin. In her hand she hsld a bouquet of au enormous size. After the uer vico the bridal party drove at once to the museum, and held a public reception. The wedding cake is the largest ever made, measur ing 9ft in circumference and 3ft iu tbickuess. A giant loaf of bread, 5ft long, decorated the table. This was the first marriage of gian-s in America, and the second in the world. The combined height of the bridal pair is ISft 3in. and they tip the beam at 5491b. The wedding ring weighed 17dwt and was 5in in circumference. The work of the hardy miner is all in vein ? -iii' -?' be is happy when he finds it's ore. LanGHOBNe's CBEEK WEStESTAH CHDKCH. — The anniversary services of this Church are elsewhere announced. For particulars see advertisement. SlKATHALBnt AMD PcBT VlCTOR RAILWAY. — Messrs McLeau Bros., Bigg, & Co'a tender for the supply of 44.000 sleepers required for the reconstruction of this work, has been accepted, ' and it is more than likely that iu the course of a few weeks tine the work of laying the line will b 4 commenced. ENraBTAiNMENTs at Milakg. — On Friday and Saturday evenings last a company of amatenrs bearing the name of the ' Magpies' performed iu the Milang Institute in aid of its funds, and on each occasion they succeeded in giving a thoroughly enjoyable entertain ment to their large audiences. Tbe Hail was lit by gas, which was used for the first time in Milang, the Institute Committee having put up a portable gas machine for lighting the building. Steamer Excursion. — On Monday last the steamer Wilcannia conveyed a goodly uumber of excursionists from Milang to Goolwa, and on arrival at that port a special truck took on the greater number to Port Elliot, where the Milang and local cricket clubs played a match. The excursionists returned to Goolwa at an early hour, and a start for Miking was soon afterwards made. The whole trip was most enjoyable. ' So you are going to keep a school?' said a young lady to her oil auut. 'Well for my part, sooner than do that I would marry a widower with nitie children.' — ' I should pre fer that myself,* was the reply ; ? but where is the widower V A miller had bis neighbour arrested upen the charge of stealing wheat from his mill, but being unable to prove the charge, the court adjudged that tbe plaintiff should apologize to the accused. ' Well,' said he, I've had you arrested for stealing my wheat., I can't prove it, and I'm sorry for it.' ? Double and Quits* is the new name for divorce. When is coffee like the earth ?— 'When it is ground. An old hulk of a hasband is the wreck of a courtship. Did the man who ploughed the seas, and afterwards pUnted his foot upon his native soil, ever harvest bis crop ? 