THE TOURIST. IN SEARCH OF A HAPPY VALLEY. [Br Paxowaw.] One blazing summer afternoon daring the last few weeks of the year of grace 1832 my mate Charley and I were crouched in a shady corner of the balcony of the Club Hotel, Hobart, discussing iu a limp and spiritless way where we should next go and what we should next do. We had flitted from Mel bourne, tired and dazed by the heat and the worry and the unceasing restlessness of the place. For various reasons, among which hot winds stood recorded in capital letters, we tacitly agreed that the rest and relief we sought were unobtainable in the ancient city which nestles under the mighty bastion of Mount Wellington, and that we must seek them in a cooler climate—in, if possible, some remote valley of Rasselas, where " the world forgetting by the world forgot," we could at least for a few years go back to the unso phisticated luxuries of pure air, plenty of elbow-room, and a deliriously primitive mode of living. We both were seriously out of sorts. I had got off the rails through too close an application to work, and Charley had become exhausted from the delivery of a long series of lectures on social ethics and moral philosophy, his inevitable fatigue being perhaps somewhat aggravated by the exis tence in his case of a hypercritical and un sypathetic audience and the consequent dismal failure of his efforts to produce the effect he sought. Some stray recollections of a trip to the Lake District of Otago during the gold rush of 1862-3 came in just then as valuable aids to the determination of our next move. I recited to Charley my experience of a glorious winter up in the Snotover Hills, with a pure dry braciDg air, cloudless skies and magnificent country to ramble over. It seemed beyond question that such delight ful surroundings could be acquired any where in New Zealand at a sufficient distance from the coast line. There was also lots of country but sparsely settled, and surely in New Zealand, if anywhere, we might find the happy valley in which we pined to locate ourselves. Thus it waB that we determined to sail for the land of mountains, lakes, tor rents, and glaciers. Where we would go to was now settled, but the question as to what we should do upon ai rival there had to be postponed sine die. Charley had a nebulous forecast of our future, in which buying corner lots and selling at a big profit, jostled outlines of mammoth poultry farms, out of which we were to become rapidly aud disgustingly rich, and these again retired before the idea of our commencing in some apt position as wholesale storekeepers, with a contingency of enormous transactions in wheat and wool. My own imagination was less active. I faintly suggested that if all else failed we could try our luck at the West Coast Gold fields ; but Charley's supreme contempt for what he was pleased to call the work of a navvy without labourer's pay induced me to amend the motion by substituting share broking for digging, at which he was so mightily indignant that 1 had to pretend I was only joking, and endeavour to neu tralize the bile I had unfortunately excited by copious libations of seltzer water. We made our exit from the land of Van Diemen in the midst of a furious hot wind, raging all the way between the Derwent and the south-eastern extremity of the island. So the beauties of the shores of Storm Bay were represented to us in the form of blurred and rusty-looking dissolving views. The reek and smoke followed us clear out into open water, and we were still in a fiery fog when we rounded Cape Pillar, and the good steamer Aurotor set her face toward New Zealand. Next day we had gloriously bright cool sunshine, and all but the most persistent victims of sea sickness began to chuckle over tne welcome cnange 01 climate, xnen came a cloudy sky, which ripened into ateady drizzle and finished by twenty-four hours good solid rain. There was a rudimentary smoking-room I believe, but manifestly un equal to the exigencies of the case, the result being a good deal of temper and of language, which could only be described as bad. Then the Aurotor had no bulwarks beyond stanchions and wire-netting, and having taken the place of a much larger boat which bad come to grief on the New Zealand coast, she was crowded with passengers and deeply loaded with cargo, and a good deal of the wet to which we objected came over the sides instead of falling from the clouds above us. It is usual, I am told, for steamers to go to New Zealand from Melbourne or Sydney deeply laden, and equally usual for them to return flying light. The inconvenience to passengers, at all inclined to be squeamish, is very certain and very complete in either case. On the fourth day out we steamed quietly into Bluff Harbour, only to find it not nearly so pleasant a place as it was some twelve or fifteen years ago. Then there were but a few scattered houses. The genius of progress had not reached so far, and the inhabitants, innocent of social frills, were courteously pleasant and hospitable to the chance visitor. Steamers from and to Melbourne or Dunedin brought to at a safe distance outside, and pasengers were conveyed to and fro by a sturdy sailing-boat. There were lovely walks along the beach, or over the flax-covered hills which separate the harbour from the sea. There were rich oyster-banks a couple of stones-throw from the door of the prin cipal hotel; and one way of killing time— and a wonderfully pleasant one—was to bor row the landlord's boat, and, being fullv equipped with all manner of fleshly indul gences, paddle off and have an al fresco oyster lunch upon the banks themselves. This is all changed now. Big jetties have invaded the oyster-banks, and the biggest steamers in the trade come boldly up to tbem, and discharge and receive cargo. There is a railway to Invercargill, which has utterly routed all the pleasant associations of that long reach of pearly sand, and the place altogether is busier and bigger and infinitely dirtier and less attractive than of yore. They told us that Invercargill had also grown out of all knowledge, and was for size and impor tance a close rival to Christchurch. I was, however, content that our stay at Bluff was too short to allow of our going up to see. I visited Invercargill once, and came away with the opinion that nothing but really uigent business could justify a seoond viBit. Not long ago an enthusiast (I won't say lunatic, for he might have been sane in other matters), not content with declaring the Southland Plains to be unsurpassed for their wheat-growing qualities, went on to get over the fence which separates veracious narrative from reckless misstatement, and stated that Bluff Harbour was one of the finest in the colonies, Now it is well knewn that there is some grand wheat country between Inver- i cargill and the Lake, but it is equally well known that the harbour is as to its entrance begirt with dangers only second to those of Newcastle. A merciless iron-bound coast, with swift currents and dangerous eddies, not to mention ambuscades of sunken rocks always in wait for a mistake or a misfortune on behalf of the unfortunate navigator. To say that a steamer in fine weather, and if her captain is acquainted with the channel, can make her way to the wharves without much actual danger, is saying the best that can be truthfully said about Bluff Harbour. As you leave it bound eastward you have to cross a wide sandbar, in parts of which an average draught steamer bobs her keel to within three or four feet of the bottom, and this too among heavy ground rollers which would make particularly short work of a vessel really in trouble. A few miles away is that terrible Waipapapa Point, where the Tararua came to grief, as we all remember, and where the Botomahana had a fearfully narrow escape a few months ago. The Go vernment are getting a lighthouse built there now, and certainly not before it was wanted. After Bluff the next place of call is Port Chalmers, which just occupies a night's easy steaming. As a rule steamers put out from the Bluff at dusk, and loiter quietly into Port Chalmers in the early morning, remain ing there during the day, and giving the traveller a chance which he should by no means miss of seeing Donedin. And if the visitor sees Dunedin before being acquainted with the more northerly cities of Christ church, Wellington, and Auckland, he will be apt to fancy that when so beautiful a city takes only second rank the attractions of her more northerly compeers must be something extraordinary. If, on the other hand, he com mences at Auckland and gets to Dunedin last of all—Invercargill never counts in a comparison of this sort—he will be in a state of hopeless bewilderment as to the reasons which could have ever in duced Auckland or Wellington to claim a premier position, or Dunedin itself to submit to a back seat; for Dunedin is un questionably far and away the most beautiful city in New Zealand, and the environs might reasonably challenge comparison with those of Sydney or Hobart. There are not many straight streets in Dunedin. The thorough fares wind about on the sides of gently sloping hills, and at every turn the eye is charmed with noble piles of buildings, the Churches being especially numerous and beautiful. From Pert Chalmers the tourist has his choice of rail or river, and the trip by either mode of conveyance is an eminently charming one. Great efforts are being made to clear the river for the passage of big sbips, and the spoil removed iu this process is care fully applied to the reclamation of long reaches of shallow water. I feared for a while that I would have trouble in getting Charley back to the ship (there is no doubt that the Dunedin ale is the best in all the colonies), and he at last only consented on condition that he should iiave carle blanche to purchase from our joint funds some ap propriate and characteristic souvenir of a place so lovely. On the peace-at-auy-priee system I consented, but was rather non plussed when I found that Charley's idea of a characteristic relic took the form of a lot of so-called Japanese nick nackery which could have been purchased at say 50 per cent, less in Sydney Arcades or in Paddy's Market at Melbourne—anywhere and every where I suspect but in Japan itself. Otago gained many years ago the reputa tion of being the head-quarters of bigoted religious superstition, unvarying inhospit ableness, and fierce intolerance of visitors and strangers. Of course the opening of the gold- diggings atTnapeka and the Dunstan soon wrought a change, at all events in the principal centres of trade and in the neigh bourhood of the various diggings. The legend is, I believe, trne that at the first start of the rush of miners from the western colonies some of the "unco' guid" held fervent prayer- meetings that they might be merci fully delivered " from the cattle-plague and from UDgodly Victorians." In spite of all, however, the Victorians came and kept on coming, the result being a vast help to the rapid progress of the colony, although the old identities, no doubt, thought and still think otherwise. At Port Chalmers the graving-dock of the Union S.S. Company is perhaps the thing best worth seeing. The town is built upon the merest fringe of gently sloping ground, with the ubiquitous mountains close behind it and fencing it off at either end. When the railway to Dunedin was projected the line chosen took its way by a tunnel through a rocky spur, directly under a little Church which stood upon its crest. This, as I was told, gave great umbrage to many pious souls, who viewed it as only a glaring instance of the blasphemous attempts of science to undermine the Church. The harbour of Port Chalmers is formed by a peninsula of rough rocky land, which stretches along for some eight or ten miles almost parallel with the shore of the main land. This peninsula joins the main just to the southward of Dunedin, the junction being made by a low range of sandhills. There is a tradition that when Cook first came along the eastern coast, some hundred and odd years ago, the peninsula in question wsb only an island, and that what is now a long inlet of the sea was a narrow strait with a fairway at either end. It is further stated that Cook's ship actually sailed into Dunedin waters over the spot which is now filled up with the sandhills before mentioned. Seeing that other parts of the coast have riBen several feet within a comparatively short period, one does not feel justified in dis believing the story. From Port Chalmers our steamer shapes a ccurse for Banks's Peninsula—a rugged rocky promontory which bulges out into the sea some 150 miles or so away. The land recedes to the left, and for some time, except in very clear weather, is not in sight at all. On favonrable days glimpses may ue had of the tremendous runges which divide West land from Canterbury, many of the summits being clad with perpetual snow. Along the coast of the bight several very big rivers come roaring down to the sea. Among these are the Rakia, the railway bridge over which is about three-quarters of a mile long. There are also the Ashburton, the Raugitata, the Opihi, and the Temuka, at all of which the railway engineers had to make immense pro vision for the flood waters which at times come rolling down in enormous volumes from the ranges across the plains. On arriving at Banks's Peninsula a glimpse might be had of the entrance of a precipitous fiord, which extends its romantic windings into the very heart of the masses of rock around it, ana forms the harbour of Akaroa. Still skirting closely around the ware-beaten and earth quake-rifted shores of the peninsula we sweep round to the westward, and in a very short time find ourselves at the. entrance of Port Lyttelton, the harbour of ChriBtchurch, and the outlet—almost the only one—of the vast area of fertile country known a6 the Canter bury Plains. Lyttelton is Port Chalmers over again as to the extreme meagreness of the building land available, only that here the crescent of hnge hills which surrounds the little town approach still nearer to high-water mark, and you are no sooner off the jetty, than you find yourself climbing a nasty hill. Every visitor is sure to be told the story of a ghastly murder which was committed here some years ago. He will be taken to some spot from where he can see the very corner in the very paddock, high up in the hills, where a ruffian decoyed, an innocent girl and killed her. that she might tell no tales. The most curious thing about this is the inconsistent sort of exultation with which the story is told, as if they should say" We don't pretend to rival the Kellys, you know, and can't, of course, challenge comparison with the doings of Sullivan ana his fellow-brigands at Maungatapu over the way; but for a small and rising community we have in the matter of distinguished crimes done very fairly—very fairly, indeed." The pioneers hereabout ore apt in the matter of their celebrated railway tunnel to tacitly claim honour and glory which does not fairly belong to them. The Canterbury Plains extend about 100 miles along the coast, with a width measuring inland of from twenty to sixty miles, every inch of which may be classed as good and much of it as first-class wheat land, Now, any of our free selectors can cipher np what the output of such an area would be where crops of wheat range from 20 to 50, and of oats from 40 to 80 and even 100 bushels to the acre. Well, along the whole of the coastline there is not the ghost of a harbour. They are trying to build one now at the southerly ena of the plains at Timaru at infinite trouble and lavish outlay, but it iB not likely to be ever a favourite resort for big ships. Between Lyttelton and the plains there is a natural wall of rock, the ex tremities of which curve round in the form of precipitous cliffs into deep water. This wall, just behind the harbour, is say seven or eight hundred feet high, and at its base from two and a half to four miles wide. Any body can see at a glance that if ever the pro duce of the plaius were to be brought to a port of shipment a tunnel would have to be bored through the obstructive embankment, and that for Lyttelton on one hand and the settlers on the other this, tunnel was actually a case of neck or nothing. Remembering this, and that the work was done with bor rowed money, I cannot see that the Lyttel tonians have any justification for wearing frills about it as if they had solved an abstruse problem which had hopelessly puzzled everybody else. Once through the tunnel the train runs over au unbroken plain to Christchurch, some six or seven miles a vay, and from this pretty and airy city the plains extend almost to the horizon to the northward and west ward, and far beyond it to the southward. And here I am going to earn the lasting gratitude of all New Zealand tourists, by a word of fatherly counsel and warning. It is this: At all ports of New Zealand, and par ticularly and pre-eminently at Lyttelton and Christchurch, look after your luggage. Of all other places Christchurch has an evil reputa tion for luggage—not stolen, mind you—but sent on wrong lines, or mislaid, and lost in a bewildering variety of ingenious ways. Even Charley and I had a little instance of what could be accomplished when master minds bend themselves to the task of how not to do it in form and manner followingWe were joumeyiDg from Lyttelton to Christchurch, ana naa piacea our portmanteaus in tne luggage-van with our own hands after seeing them duly labelled. Upon arrival at the city we skipped np to where the luggage was promiscuously piled upon the platform only to find that our chattels were not amongst them. Meantime a stray engine came from some corner of the yard, and coupling on to the luggage-van began snorting and screech ing and puffing up and down the various lines with no obvious or assignable purpose, unless that the engine-driver was having a game all to himself. In one of these little excursions the van was brought near enough for us to peep into it, and sure enough there were our portmanteaus lying in one corner of it. Now, considering that we had to catch another train it was the reverse of soothing to know that our belongings were tailed on to a sort of Flying Dutchman, who appeared likely enough to run them to Lyttelton or up to Kaiapoi for mere fun, so we sought a high official, who seemed to be a perfect mitrail leuse of authority, and briefly stated the case, telling him the luggage was being whisked up and down the yard to our sore detriment and inconvenience. He stared. " Sir, the thing is impossible; your things have been left at Lyttelton." "No, we ourselves put them into the van." " I tell you again it is impossible. Here 1 you Smith, I want you. Did you clear the luggage-van of the Lyttelton train?" " Yes, sir. " Any think left in it?" "No, sir." "There,"said he, turning to us; "I nope you are satisfied now." We suggested that as we had seen our traps in the van not three minutes before, we were not satisfied. " Very well, in order to convince you of the blunder you have made I will order the truck up to the plat form." He accordingly blew an excruciating whistle, and the Flying Dutchman broke from a canter into a trot, and fetched the truck up to the platform once more. Our friend meanwhile had quietly told us that the public were very thoughtless when they persisted in disputing the correctness of any statement made by the proper authorities. Then, as the van was only a few yards away, he said, " I trust you at least will believe the evidence of your own eyes." By this time the van was abreast of ub. " Now, gentlemen, please come and see for your Hullo I what's this," as he caught sight of our missing traps. "Here you, Smith, come here, sir, immediately." Smith came. "Didn't you tell me you had emptied this van ?" " Took out everything I seed, sir 1" H'm; TO—Fll see you by-and-by." This with a look of a mitrailleuse loaded and cocked. We ac cepted his apology, aud his assertions that such a thing had never happened before, and could never happen again, and went our way in peace. " But," said Charley to me, " I don t really believe they could beat this much, even in South Australia." 