NERVOUS PROSTRATION. [From the Age.*] Thebe is an unusual amount of illness this autumn of the type known as *• nervous prostration,*' says the Providence Journal. I t is prevalent among the hardworked people who have been deprived of the needed summer rest and relaxation, men who carry their business home with them every night, aud women who are worn out by- domestic cares and worries. I t is very 6trange how much wc are told about food, clothing, ventilation, drainage, exorcise, and other things which have an influence on our health, and how very seldom wc think of rest. And yet, ns a remedial and restorative measure, it is of the first importance in many cases. Most physicians know what to do, and when to do it, but a good deal of common sense is required to discover how not to do something; and when to let the patient alone. A combination of drugging and fretting ^ kills moro than half the sick people in the world; a man's enemies cannot do him near so much damage ns his friends. The world is possessed with the notion that when a man is taken ill a terrible ado must be kept up, an alternation of nursing and fussing, while rcter-naturally wise and whispering Soctors, sympathising friends, tearful relatives, ana .chattering nurses add their contributions to the wrong side, and all because somebody is ill, and needs chiefly rest. We have not yet, most of us, gotten rid of the old potion of the ancients that disease is a personality, a something that is in the air, that travels about, enters our dwellings and finally siczcs hold of U6; something akin in the minds of the ignorant to a goblin, ghost, fiend, demon or witch, which only pills or potation can exorciso, kill or cure. W e are confident that many a sensible if the patient will say, if the patient will let liim, that two tlurds of all the maladies of all the people in the world would get well w a few hours o r days if left to themselves, with no other appliances than such as instinct would suggest or common sense employ. But patients often estimate tme doctor's skill by the wonderfully wise look, which he assumes aud the extent or variety of his prescriptions; aud a sick man's friends hate to seem unsympathising, and so are apt to be officious. I t is to bo understood of course, that wc are not speaking of extreme cases, but of the treatment of most of the ills which flesh is heir to—the troubles which come upon over-worked men «nd women, so .many of whom wc find all around us in this pushing competitive ape. Their best remedy, if they can take it, is rest. I f that be impossible, wo can only pity them* 