[?] ~J''' By WILLIAM CABLETOH. U.tLAJrlJiiii 11. Ik the meantime young Lamb. Landher felt little Buopicion that the stolen interview be tween him and Ellen Neil, was known. The incident, however, which occurred to him on his way to keep the assignation produced in . his mind a vague apprehension which he could not shake off. To meet a red-haired woman, when going on any business of impor tance, was considered at all times a bad . omen, as it is in the country parts of Ireland unto this day i but to meet a female familiar with forbidden powers, as Hell M'Collum was supposed to be, never failed to produce fear and misgiving in those who met her. Mere physical courage was no bar against the influence ot such superstitions ; many a man was a slave to them who never knew fear of a human or tangible enemy. They constituted an important part of the popular belief ; for the history of ghosts and fairies, and omens was, in general, the only kind of lore in which the people were educated. When Hell passed away from Lamb. Laud her, who would fain have flattered himself that by turning back on the way, until she passed him, he had avoided meeting her, he once more sought the place of appointment, at the same slow pace as before. On arriv ing behind the orchard, he found, a3 the . progress of the evening told him, ihat he had anticipated the hour at which it had been agreed to meet. He accordingly descended the Grassy Quarry, and sat on a mossy ledge o£ ?oclr5 over which tho brow of a little preci pice jutted in auoh a manner as to render those who sat beneath visible only from a pasticular point. Here he had scarcely Seated himself when tho tread of a foot was heard, and in a few minutes Hanse M'Oollum stood beside him. ' Why, thin, bad cesa to you, Lamh . LaudheiV she exclaimed, ' but it's a purty : chase I had af thei1 you.' 'Afther me, HanseP and what's the com mission, ewsh gastJia (lightfoot) P' ' The sorra anything, at all, at all, only to see if you war here. Miss Ellen sent me to !... tell you that she's afeared she can't come : this evenin', imlmowust to them.' -?? . ' An' am I not to wait, Hanse P' ?? 'Why, she said she will come, for all ?''? that, if she can ; but she bid mo take your ? ? stick from you, for a rason she has, that ? ' she'll tell yourself when she sees you.' ' Take my stick ! 'Why, Hanse, ma colleen , baun, what can she want with my stick P Is the darling girl going to bate anybody P' ? Bad co3s to the know I know, Lamh Laudher, barring it be to lay on yourself for staling her hoart from her. Why thin, the ..... month' d mether of honey to you, soon and sudden, how did you come rouudher at all P 1 Ho matter about that, Hanse ; but the | family's bitther against me P— eh P' I ' Oh, thin, in trogs, it's ill their common to hate you as they do ; but thin, you see, this faction-work will keep yees asundher for ever. How gi' me your stick, and wait, any way, till you see whether she comes or not.' ' Is it by Ellen's or.db.ers you take it, Hanse P' ' To be sure— who else's P but the divil a one of me knows what she means by it, any how— only that I daren't go back widout it.' ' Take it, Hanse ; she knows 1 wouldn't refuse her my heart's blood, lot alone a bit of a kippeen.' ' A bit of a kippeen ! Faix, this is a quare kippeen ! Why, it would fell a bullock.' ' When you see her, Hanse, tell her to make haste, and for God's sake not to disap point me. I can't rest well the day I don't meet her.' 'Maybe other people's as bad, for that matter : so good night, and the mether of honey to you, soon and sudden ! Fais, if any body stands in my way now, they'll feel the weight of this, any how.' After uttering the last words, 3he bran dished tho cudgel and disappeared. Lamh Laudher felt considerably puzzled to know what object Ellen could have had in sending the servant maid for his staff. Of one thing, however, he was certain, that her motive must have had regard to his own safely ; but how, or in what manner, he could not conjecture. It is certainly true that some misgivings shot lightly across his imagination, on reflecting that he had parted with the very weapon which he usually brought with him to repel the violence of Ellen's friends, should he be detected in an interview with her. He remembered, too, that he had met unlucky Hell M'Oollum, and that the person who deprived him of his principal means of defence was her niece. He had little time, however, to think upon the subject, for in a few minutes after Hanse's departure, he recognised the light quick step of her whom he expected The figure of Ellen Heil was tall, and hor motions full of untaught elegance and natural grace. Her countenance was a fine oval ; her features, though not strictly symmetrical, were replete with animation, and her eyes sparkled with a brilliancy indicative of a warm heart and a quick apprehension. Flaxen hair, long and luxuriant, decided, even at a distant glance, the loveliness of her skin, than which the unsunned snow could not be whiter. If you add to this a delightful temper, buoyant spirits, and extreme candour, her character, in its strongest points, is before you. On reaching the bottom of the Grassy Quarry, as it was called, she peered undei' the little beetling cliff that overhung the well-known ledge on which Lamh Laudher sat, ' 1 declare, John,' said she, on seeing him, ' I thought at first you weren't here.' ' Did you ever know me to be late P3 said John, taking her by the hand, and placing her beside him ; ' and what would you a' done, Ellen, if I hadn't been here P' ' Why, run home as if the life was laving me, for fear of seeing something.' ' You needn't be af eared, Ellen, dear ; nothing could harm you_, at all events. How ever, putting that aside, have you any betther tidings than you had when we met last P' ' I wish to heaven I had, John ! but indeed 1 have far worse ; a thousand times worse. They have all joined against me, and I'm not to see or speak to you at all.' 'That's hard, 'replied Lamh Laudher, draw- ing his breath tightly ; ' but I know where it comes from. I think your father might be softened a little, ay, a great dale, if it wasn't for your brother Meehaul.' ' Indeed, Lamh Laudher, you're wrong in that ; my father's as bitther against you as he is. It was only on Tuesday evenin' last that they told me, one and all, they would rather see me a corpse than your wife. Indeed and deed, John, I doubt it never can be.' ' There,' replied John, ' I see plainly enough that they'll gain you over at last. That will be the end of it ; but if you choose to break the vows and promises that passed between us, you may do so.' ' Oh ! Lamh Laudher.' said Ellen, affected at the imputation contained in his last obser vation ; don't you treat me with such sus picion. I suffer enough for your sake, as it is. For near two years, a day has hardly passed that my family hasn't wrung the burning tears from my eyes on your account. Haven't I refused matches that any young woman in my station of life ought to be proud to accept P' ' You did, Ellen, you did ; but still I know how hard it is for you to hould out against tho persecution you suffer at home. Ho, no, Ellen dear, I never doubted you for one minute. All I wondher at is, that 3uch a girl as you could think of one so humble as I am, compared to what you have a right to expect and could get.' ' Well, but I'm willing to prefer you, John ?' said Ellen, with a smile. ' Ono thing I know, Ellon,' ho replied, ' and that is, that I'm far from being worthy of you ; and I ought, if I had a high enough spirit, to try to turn you against me, it it was only that you might marry a man that 'ud have it in his power to make you happier | than ever I'll be able to do ; any way, than ever it's likely I'll be able to do.' ' I don't think, John, that over money or the wealth of this world made a man and wife love one another yet, if they didn't do it before ; but it ha3 often put their hearts against one another.' ' I agree wid you id that, Ellen ; but you don't know how my heart sinks when I think of your and my own poverty. My poor father, since the strange disappearance of little Alice, never was able to raise hi3 head ; and indeed my mother was worse. If the child had died, and we knew that she olept with ourselves, it would be a comfort. But not to know what became of her — ? whether sho was drowned or kidnapped — that was what crushed their hearts. I must say that since I grew up, we're improving ; and I hope, God willing, now that nay father leaves the management of the farm to myself, we'll still improve more and more. I hope it for their sakes, but more, if possible, for youro. 1 don't know what I wouldn't do to make you happy, Ellen. If my life would do it, 1 think I could lay it down to show the love I bear you. I could take to the highway and rob for your sake, if I thought it would bring me means to make you happy.' Ellen was touched by his sincerity, as well a3 by the tone of manly sorrow with which he spoke. His last words, however, startled her, when she considered the vehement manner in which he uttered them. ' John,' said she, alarmed, ' never, while you have life, let me hear a word of that kind out of your lips. Ho — never, for the sake of heaven above us, breathe it, or think of it. But, I'll tell you something, and you must hear it, and bear it too, with patience.' ' What is it, Ellen ! If it's fair and manly I'll be guided by your advice.' ' Meehaul has threatened to— to— I mane to say, that you musn't have any quarrel with him, if he meets you or provokes you. Will you promise this P' 5 Meehaul has threatened to strike me, has be P And I, a Lamh Laudher, am to take a blow from a Heil, and to thank him, I sup pose, for giving it.' Ellen rose up and stood before him. ' Lamh Laudher,' said she, 'I must now try your love for me in earnest. A lie I cannot tell, no more than I can cover the truth. My brother has threatened to strike you, and aG I said afore, you must bear it for his sister's sake.' ' Ho, dber Chiernah, never. That, Ellen, is going beyant what I'm able to bear. Ask me to cut off my right hand for your sake, and I'll do it ; but to ask a Lamh Laudher to bear a blow from a Heil— never. What ! how could I raise my face after such a dis grace P How could I keep the country wid a Heil's blow, like the stamp of a thief upon my forehead, and me the first of my own fac tion, ao your brother is of his. Ho— never !' 4 And you 3ay you love me, John P' £ Better than ever man loved woman.' ' Ho, man— you don't,' she replied ; ' if you did, you'd give up something for me. You'd bear _that for my sake, and not think it much. I'm beginning to believe, Lamh Laudher, that if I was a poor portionless girl, it wouldn't be hard to put me out of your thoughts. If it was only for my own sake you loved me, you'd not refuse me the first request I ever made to you ; when you know, too, that if I didn't think more of you than I ought, I'd never make it.' ' Ellen, would you disgrace me P Would you wish me to bear the name of a coward ? Would you want my father to turn me out of tho house P T^ould you want my own faction to put their feet upon me, and drive me from among them P' ' John,' 3he replied, bursting into tears, 1 1 do know that it's a sore obligation to lay upon you, when everything's taken into account ; but if you wouldn't do this for me, who would do it for me? Before heaven, John, 1 dread a meeting between you and my brother, after what he tould me ; and the only way of preventing danger is for you not to strike him. Oh, little you know what I have suffered these two days for both your sakoa ! Lamh Laudher Oge, I doubt it would be well for me if I had never seen your face.' 'Anything undher heaven but what you want me to do, Ellen.' ' Oh ! don't refuse mo this, John. 1 ask it as I said for both your sakes, and for my own sake. Meehaul wouldn't strike an unresist ing man. 1 won't lave you till you promise ; and if that won't do, I'll go on my knees and ask you, for the sake of heaven above, to be guided by me in this.' f Ellen, I'll lave the country to avoid him, if that'll plaso you.' ' Ho — no — no, John : that doesn't plaso me. Is it to lave your father and family, and you the staff of thois support P Oh, John, give me your promise — if you do love me as you say, give me your promise. Here on my two knees I ask it from you, for my sake, for your own, for the sake of God above us ! I know Moehaul. If he got a blow from you on my account, he'd never forgive it to either you or me.' Sho joined her hands in supplication to him as she knelt, and the tears chased each other like rain down her cheeks. The solem nity with which she insisted on gaining her point staggered Lamh Laudher not a little. 1 Thero must be something undher this,' ho replied, ' that makes you set your heart on it so much. Ellon, tell mo the truth ; what is itP' ' If I loved you less, John, and my brother too, I wouldn't care so much about it. Ee» member that I'm a woman, and on my knees before you. A blow from you would make him take your life or mine, sooner than that. 1 should become your wife. You ought to know his temper.' ' You know, Ellen, I can't at heart refuse you anything. I will not strike your brother.' ' You promise, before God, that no provo» cation will make you strike him.' 1 That's Jiavd, Ellen ; but— well, I do ; be fore God, I won't, and it's for your sake I say it. How, get up, dear, get up. You have got me to do what no mortal living could bring mo to but yourself. I suppose that's what made you send Hanse M'Collum for my staff P1 ' Hanse M'Collum ! When ?' ' Why, a while ago. She told me a quare enough story, or rather none at all, only that you couldn't come, and you could come, and I was to give up my staff to her by your ordhers ' 5 She told you false, John. I know nothing about what you say.' ' Well Ellen,' replied Lamh Laudher, with a firm seriousness of manner, ' you have brought me into danger, I doubt, without knowing it. For my own part I don't care so much. Her unlucky aunt met me coming here this evening, and threatened both our family and yours. I know she would sink us into the earth if she could. Either 3he or your brother is at the bottom of this business, whatever it is. Your brother 1 don't fear ; but she ig to be dreaded, if all's true that's said about her.' ' Ho, John — she surely couldn't have the heart to harm you and me. Oh, but I'm light now, since you did what 1 wanted you. Ho harm can come between you and Meehaul ; for I often heard him say, when speaking about his faction fights, that no one but a coward would strike an unresisting man. How come and see me past the Pedlar's Oairn, and remember you'll thank me for what I made you do this night. Come quickly — I'll be missed.' They then passed on hj a circuitous and retired path led around the orchard, until he had conducted her in safety beyond the Pedlar's Cairn, which was so called from a heap of stonea that had been loosely piled together, to mark the spot as the scene of a murder, whose history, thus perpetuated by the custom of every passenger casting a stone upon the place, constituted one of the local traditions ox the neighbourhood,, After a tender good-night, given in a truly poetical manner under the breaking light of a May moon, he found it necessary to retrace his steps by a path which wound round the orchard, and terminated in the public en trance to the town. Along this suburban street he had advanced but a short way, when he found himself overtaken and arrested by his bitter and determined foe, Meehaul Heil. The connection betwixt the promise that Ellen had extorted from him and this rencounter with her brother flashed upon him forcibly : he resolved, however, to be guided by her wishes. (lo be continued?) 