BUDDHISM IN RELATION TO CHRIS- TIANITY. At the last large meeting held in February, by the Victonx (Philosophical) Institute, 7. Adelpiti Terrace, London, a paper was r ad by the Rev R C. Collins, 1LA-, on Buddhism in relation to Christianity. deferring to the parallels between the persons and characters of Buddha and Jesus Christ, he said:—Take, as a prominent instance, the birth stone.-. I need not here give details, which ore to be found in any modern work on Bu 'dhifm. The supposed miraeu ous conception ; the bringine down of Buddha from the Tusita heaven; the Devas acknowledging h'"s supremacy; the presentation in thrt temple, when the images of Indra and other g-ds threw themselves at his. feet; the temptation bt Mara—which legends are embellished by the modern writer I liave already quoted, • under such phrascis »s" \isceived by the Holy Ghost," "Bom of the Tirsui il.ya," "Song of the heavenly host," Pr so.it -tion in the Temple and tempation in the wilderness' —none of these 16 found in the earlv Pali texts. The simple story of ancient Buddhism is that an atcelu, wiose family name was Gautema p eaclicd » n w doctrine of human suffering and a new w..y of deliverance from it. There is no th .nght m the early Buddhism, of which we read in the >'an teitP, of deliverance at the hands of -a god; but tha man Gautama Buddha stands aloce in his striving after the true emancipation from sorrow aud ignorance. The accounts of his descinrting fomh weo, and being conceived in the world oE men, when a preternatunU light shone Over the wcrids, the blind received sight, the dumb S.ng, th.- lame danced, the sick were cured,together »ith all ciicn embellishments, are certainly added by liter hands; and ii here we recognise some rather rentable likenesses in thought or expression to things familiar to Ui in ourB bles we need not be astonished, when we reflect how great must have been the influence, as I have before hinted ot the Canst,an story of India m the earlv centuries of thei Christ,an tera,and, perhaps, long suba-qnently. This is a point which h»s been much Orerl ,oked ; bat it is ebucdan ly evident from among o uerp,oofs, the story of the good Krishna, which 19 a mnnifest parody of the history of Christ. The Bhogmal-QUa, a theosop i c.l poem put into the mooth of Krishna, is something unique amjne the productions of the East, cont-.ining many gems of what we should call Christian truth wresten from the.r proper setting, to adorn this creat on of the Brahman poet and ind caiing as p'ainy their origm as do t'-e stories ofhis lif- in the ILaha-HaTata ; so that it has not unreasonably been conelu ted Uiat the story of Krishna was inserted in the Mtzha- Bharala to fnjrnish a divine sand idn to the Bhagavat-GUa. If; then, as there is thestro gest reason to bjlieve, the CnristUu story, somewhere between tne firs- aud tenth centuries of the Christian era, forced itself into the great Hindu epic and was at the foundation of the m et rema kible peon ihat. ever saw the light in In- ia, en we be sur.jisdd if we find similarly borrowed and imitated wonders in the later ' ud.lhist stories also? Several Home and Colonial uppt cati .ns to j.in the Institute as gurnet Subscribe"! were receited, aud iU object being toinvestigate all philosophical and s -icntific questions, e?poeiallj any said to mi'itate againsi the truth o- the Bib'e,—a dbca^on en-ned i. which ,.r liormuzd Ba^m Professor Liitner, from Lahor., Mr C >les, an e»rnest student of til • ques ion during 25 years'residence in Ceylon Professor iiiiys Davids, and others took part. All ag eeing in and confirming ibe state nenti of M- Collms* papDr Lei ner brought a large number of photographs of early In iian and "lirlar sculptures, shewing the first introduction of the Oliristil u story nto thme monuments between about the sen 1 an J tenth centuries, and he pointed out the value of such additional confirmation of Mr Collins' statements. The 'prizes won at the recen t Exhibition at Biringhop are to' be distributed -on -Saturday iught week. 