Mrs. Grundy's Gossip.* VI. Mil. EDITOR,—In accordance with tbe promise' given in my lost communication, I now proceed to place before you short, but I hope sufficiently graphic and interesting, histories of a few—very few—of tbe ghosts, goblins, and spectres that once' made "night hideous" in this ancient town. I may premise, however, by asking you to read Bome of the more startling incident® contained in Mrs. Crowe's "Night Side of Nature," or Owen Dale's " Footsteps on the Boundary of another world," in order to put you in a proper state of mind to more fully appreciate my " chapter of horrors." About the firstghost on record is that of a lad which haunted the Vineyard Estate, on the left bank of the Parramatta River, and almost immediately opposite tbe old Bedbank Wharf. - It appears that the child, when in the flesh,lived with hiB parents somewhere in the vicinity, and one day was sent on a message to Parramatta to purchase some necessities for household use. Not 'returning within a reasonable time, a search >vaB instituted, and the lad's body was found in the bush, near the river,with the skull battered in. It subsequently transpired that the foul deed was done by a party of escaped convicts, some of whom were afterwardB executed for the critno. Well, for many years afterwards tbe murdered child's ghost used to run through the bush at midnight, uttering the most piercing shrieks, which were often heard by the boatmen plying on the river,who would never pass this spot at night unless the exigencies of their occupation compelled them to do so, and, when such was the case, they always took tbe precaution to stop their ears with wadding or any other substance that was convenient, for those of them who heard the shrieks described them ns so pitiful and heart-rending that it was years before the impression was removed, and having heard it once never wished for a repetition.— The next on tbe list was a still more fearful apparition that was seen in a house in Phillipstreet, which I will not more plainly indicate than by saying that it still Btands—and is tenanted—within 100 yards of Mr. Marshall's "Coach and Horses" Hotel. At the time of which I write, this househad stood untenanted for many years on account of tbe evil reputation attached to it. It was subsequently rented by a family of new-comers who were unaware of the evil odour in which it stood. Having shifted in their "lares and penates" and made all snug, the family retired to bed; but did not rest for long, for a terrible experience was awaiting tbem. Exactly as their old Dutch clock, which was hung in the front room, struck the hour of twelve, they were disturbed by a sound resembling the rocking of a child's cradle. The head of the housearose, and procuring a light, searched the premises for the cause of the mysterious sounds — which had ceased with the creation of the light — but nothing could be discovered to account for it. The inmates again sought repose, but no sooner was the light extinguished than the rocking re-commenced. After listening intently for some time they discovered that the sounds proceeded from an attic room immediately above their sleeping apartment. A light was again procured— again the sounds snased—and an examination of the ceiling showed an oblong aperture, covered by a board, which gave access to the room above. Procuring a table and a chair the man mounted on the top of them and removing the board peeped cautiously in. Nothing but dust and cobwebs could be discerned. He then extinguished the light, and presently saw a sight that froze his blood with horror. He first espied a luminous kind of object in one corner, which gradually became more and more distinct, until at last thero became revealed to his gaze the shadowy form of a woman, seated in her night dress, with her throat cut ; from ear to ear, and the blood streaming down her garments. One hand was placed upon her heart, and she was breathing most profound sighB, while with tae other Bhe rocked a cradle which was a spectre child with its throat cut to. The spectator of the fearsome sight swooned right away and fell heavily to the floor. It is needless to add that when he regained consciouness he was not long in seeking another and more congenial habitation.—Everybody knows the little wooden bridge that spans the creek on tbe Kissing Point road just beyond Mra. Green's residence. That is the scene of our next story. One moonlight night, a party of young men were returning along the road from a 'possum Bhooting expedition. As they walked along in Indian file the one in advance was rather surprised to see a little old man seated on the hand-rail of tbe bridge. However, he passed on, merely bidding the stranger " Good night," a salutation to which he received no reply. When his companions came up to him he asked them if they had seen the old man sitting on the rail, and they unanimously answered that tbey had not, and ridiculed the idea of him having seen any one. So positive was he of having seen some one that they agreed to Teturn and test the truth of their comrade's story. They did so, but the affair became more mysterious still, tor the one who Baw the figur at firstwas the only one of the party who oould see it again. [This is accounted for,by the fact that only persons bom under peculiar planets can see disembodied spirits.] There sat the figure on the rail, and it presently took a cob- Un.*. l-nifc frnm nnt lfe hraiiRf: And nTinrnATIPI? bier's knife from out its breast and sharpened it on its boot. It then raised the leathern apron which it wore and, pointing with the knife to a deep gash in the region of the heart, got down from the hand-rail and disappeared beneath the bridge. Bumour has it that some time previous to this occurrence an old cobbler, who lived in the vicinity, had disappeared rather suddenly, but as it WSB thought he had gone to England—he had frequently been heard to express an intention of doing so—no alarm was created at his disappearance.—When the soldiery was Btationed at Pennant Hills many years ago, a party of them came in to Parramatta one day, when off duty, to have what is termed a " spree." Towards evening they made a start for home, but as one of thei number was so helplessly drunk, they left him lying on the right-hand side of the road, above the hollow, just beyond the Boman Catholic cemetery. The next morning his corpse was found lying cold and stiff in the hollow, nn the left-hand side of the road, with his pockets turned inside out, and his neck bearing the appearance of having been strangled. No clue waB ever obtained as to how he camo by his untimely end, but many a belatedsettler afterwards got a good wholesome fright at seeing the tall spectre of a soldier in uniform standing at " attention " by the roadside; and many a resident of the Pennant Hills district has been known to remain in town all night rather than return home after the shades of evening had closed in—and that quite recently too — although this ghost was never known to make its appearance unil the orthodox hour.—Many years ago there stood on the site now occupied by Mr. B. A. Ritchie's iron works, facing George-street, a two-storey brick and plaster house, with a balcpny in front, and surrounded by a dwarf wall and nuling fence, which was well-known to have been haunted, for glimpses of the ghost were often -caught by passers-by in the street. So notorious did this ghostly visitant become that the proprietors of • ;he "Sydney Mail" newspaper seat a special reporter up to interview it. [Ithink this beats our Yankee cousins.] Well, the reporter came but I am inclined to think he did not go farther towards interviewing the spectre than the bar of the old "Bed Cow " hotel, which then stood opposite, and was "conducted by a man named Roberts. However, he wrote a slashing account of an interview, but I am afraid he arew very Touch upon his imagination for his''.'facts. His article found a place in the columns of the " Mail," and I suppose he covered himself with glory and earned an extra five pound note. He described the ghost as that of a sailor, which differs very much from the account given of it by a man named William Walsh (who is still living) and from Whom I heard it. , Walsh, who kept a crockeryware store Where the Victoria Theatre now stands, used to keep his horse in the paddock behind the haunted house. One night, about 12 b'dock, Walsh wanted his horse for some puipose, Bad'proceeded tothe paddock to catch - it. As' he" was walking down the paddock -he-was made-suddenly aware that he "was notalone, for juat'at his right-hand,side' ho beheld -tbe figure of a very- tall, stout, elderly woman with her head bound up in a white: cloth which wall spoiled with ; fclota of blood. The spectre-made a motion with the lips as if to articulate something, but Walsh, who was a good Roman .Catholic, immediately made the sign of the cross and muttered a prayer. The figure thereupon threw up its arms with a gesture of' despair, and moved away a few paces. Walsh now beat a hasty retreat towards the street, and was followed quite to .the footpath by the ghost. Ho did not catch his horse until the next morning.—Before the premises of the Hospital for the Insane were extended, there stood at the bottom of what was then known'as the continuation of Factory, street, on the right hand side going down, a large brick house, that had been untenanted for many years, and for the very good reason that a man once hanged himBelf in one. of the ground-floor tooms. After the process of strangulation was' completed, the motion of tbe swaying body caused the rope to sever, and tbe body fell to the floor,and every night at 12 for years after the occurrence—in fact, I suppose until the building was demolished— tbe sound of his falling body could be heard, by many persons who UBsd to station themselves on the street in front of the house for that purpose.—I have not been in the Park after nightfall for many years—in' fact not since Grundy and I used to go courting : there, and I don't mind telling you, Mr. Editor, as a secret, that it was under the big fir tree in front of old Government HouBe that be proposed marriage to me. But its not about that I wish to talk. Its about a spectre that used to roam the Park, and I am credibly informed that it roame there still. You are probably aware, sir, of the old ruined tenement that stands down in the orchard, behind the old vice-regal residence. Well they say—but I have met no one as yet that has seen it, and there are plenty of eyewitnesses about there at night, especially on Sunday nights—that a grim spectre—it ia not definitely decided whether of a male or female —makes a number of pilgrimages from the old ruins up to the Bound-house and back again. If such is the fact, then that ghost must be an enthusiastic pedestrian, for a more difficult walking track for ghost or goblin to take its midnight exercise over I don't know of. But then if ghosts like to get about at inconvenient hours they cannot he particular as to the condition of the locality which they choose fortheir rambles. Now we come to the noted Macquariestreet ghost, and this is how it originated. Many years ago an individual was seized with an irresistible desire to terminate his existence, and in older to effect his (purpose procured a stout rope and proceeded to that large oak tree in George-street fronting Mr. George Bovce's residence. The house was at that time tenanted by our worthy Ranitary inspector (Mr. P. Hayes). Havine attached the rope to a limb of the tree, and adjusted the noose, he was about to inBert his head in it when he was disturbed by one of the inmates opening the front door. He then deliberately unfastened the rope and took his departure to Macquarie-. street, where he succeeded in carrying out his intention on the premises of a gentleman named Bellman, who resided on the property now occupied by Mr. Mansfield. He fastened the rope to' the limb of a pear tree that overhung the side walk just a few yards from the eastern corner of Mr. J. M. Toohey's property, and there his body was found swinging in the breeze next morning. Well his ghost is said to have appeared under that pear tree every night for many years afterwards, and none of the townspeople could be tempted to pass the spot after nightfall for any consideration. Grundy is a firmbeliever in this particular ghost, and al-; though he does not admit having seen it himself, he knew a number of persons who aBserted that they had done sn.—Now, we come to what was known as the " Breathing Ghost." This spectre was never actually seen but was frequently felt. It used to haunt a large weatherboard house that once stood in Church-street south, near Boundary-street, and its modut operandi was a follows:—It uBed to roam about the sleeping apartments of the inmates and breathe upon their faces whilst asleep causing them to awaken with a "creeping" sensation all over. So persistent was this ghostly visitor in his midnight operations that no one could live on the premises, consequently they stood untenanted for a long time and were subsequently destroyed by fire,but whether the ghost perished in the flames or not I am unable to say. I rather think not, for from what I understand of these light and airy creatures they, are composed of material which is impervious to the effects of fire, no matter how fierce.—Iam told, although I do not vouch for the-truth of the storj-, that a spectre has been seen quite recently in the vicinity of the Black Bridge in Harris Park, and that it had been seen to emerge from the dark archways of the bridge and promenade as far as the corner of Cowper-street. Probably this is the ghost of some disappointed gold-digger whofailedto make a fortune when the Parramatta rush set in in that locality many years ago, and is now on a visit to the scenes of bis former labours, struggles, and disappointments, for the rush turned out a dead failure, tbe history e of which I will give you in a future communication. And now, Eir, 1 conclude my story of ghoBts, although I have another and a veritable one to tell, in which Grundy was the hero, but must leave it for another time, as it would quite fill a column of your paper. In this particular story, if the ghost does not adorn the tale it points a very significant moral which may prove useful to some of your readers, and would doubtless be read with interest.—On Saturday, 5th inBtant, I visited the Parramntta Rifle Bulge ostensibly to see the gold cup presented by Mr. J. T. Byon shot for, but in reality to see those two crack riflemen,C. Crouch and T. Forsyth, and that old veteran, Abe Newling. Well, sir, when I got there— and a long and tiresome walk it waB, in the hot sun—I found no shelter of any kind to take refuge under, and not even a seat to sit upon unless it was the lap of old Mother Earth. So fatigued was I with the exertion of getting f there that I really believe I should have swooned had not that gallant volunteer, Lancesergeant Vivian, come to my rescue, and supported me with his manly arm under the shade r ; of his Nagasaki umbrella. But I soon came to, and was well rewarded for all my trouble by seeing many of our gallant defenders actually "under fire." As I Bat and watched them at their operations I thought to myself these are the kind of men that British soldiors are made of; theBe are the successors of those Herves who drove our bayonets at.Vimiera, Badajoz, and Salamanca ; of those intrepid men who withstood tbe mighty shock of the French battalions on the bloody fieldof Waterloo, where the green com now waves o'er field fertilized with English blood; of those, who, with intrepid courage stormed the heights of Inkermann, Alma, and Balaclava, and stopped the Russian bear' from devouring the sick Turkey and -converting the Black Sea into a Muscovite lake: Captain Henry Byrnes was on the ground looking after his men, and quite a martial appearance he had. Grundy speaks of this gentleman as a model Parramatta native and enthusiastic volunteer, an impartial magistrate, and withal an estimable citizen; and I think it a pity tbe rising generation do not take pattern by him. I was also particularly struck by the stalwart form and military bearing of a very young volunteer, a brother of one of the crack 'shots, who I am informed ' is expected to make his mark some ,day t although he did not Bucfteed in placing a very tall-score to his name on that occasion. But I shall watch with interest ; this young soldier's career toSBB if . the predictions now formedof blm are in" the futufe fulfilled, and shall be much disappointed if they are not. Grundy savs many of our volunteers are but feather-bed Soldiers who .would rather march towards the Blue Mountains than in the. direction of Sydney Harbour' should "an hostile vessel appeal off tho faBads,"but I treat such an utterance with all the contempt it deserves.-—I am much pleased'to notice tfcikt the enterprising proprietor of the "MEHCBBY is offering a substantial money prize for the best essay on the recent prosperity of . Parramatta and sugges< •tionsliow to perpetuate it. ' I hope to hear of .. , ^ ... - ., ,. i- goodly number of competitors, ps the subject is one of • vital interest to the whole community. I should like' *to seeour jpoung men take this 1 matter up,for it wll ,,s|i9w tbatfteytake w -'interest In the progress of the tbw^i and district, and moreover they maybe-asswred-of "tWs-^ that if they fail to carry off the prize they will bo rewarded by the fact that the mpre preparation of the essay has' tended in spuje . degree towards the cultivation'of: their minds. So strongly do J fed on the subject.of the progrew of Parramatta ttut,I.am,,tempted to expand into verse—Grundy calls it doggerel— although I am wall aware that I cannot climb the Parnassian heights of poesy, like that sweet'Australian singer, Henry Kendall. , put nevertheless, here goes for—. , ; - PABBAMA.TTA AND PEOGEESSION. Panamattans I rise and rally, . . Push onr good old tgurn along, [•_ • let" Progression " be the watchword, • Be the burden of your song. Ever Bepic to pnflhher interests, Ever onward to the front. Besot weary with well doing, . Seekio bear the Jjattla's brunt. Ileke her lead the van ot commerce And excel in works of art, There to nothing to prevent it IfbersoiiB play' well their part. tjet a pure nnselfish motive Be Uie mainspring of your actions, > Study but the general welfare, And despise all so-called " factions." Iiet no apathetic fading Clog the <M)tfoe hand or brain. In your day fwi generation Strive to win a patriot's fame. And be sure tbe voice of oonscienoe Ton have lived as men Bhould live, Parramattans I rise and rally. Posh the good old town along, . Let" Progression" be the watchword, • Be the burden of your song. I know, sir, you will consider the above a etude, illconceived piece of jingling, but then, if poets are allowed "great license," surely a poetess can claim greater latitude. 