WITH THE RABBIT TRAPPERS AT THE STONEY IlISEP 1\. Prepare for a Start. 2. Setting a Trap. 3. Visitinq Travs bv Nioht. . 4. The Gamp. WITH THE RABBIT TRAPPERS AT THE STONEY IlISEP 1\. Prepare for a Start. 2. Setting a Trap. 3. Visitinq Travs bv Nioht. . 4. The Gamp. WITH THE RABBIT TRAPPliRS AT THE S T 0 N B Y 11 1 S E S. 1\. CotAO Meat PwcswiviNa Company's Works. 2. An Unexpected Victim. 3. Trapper's Hot. 4. A Pnosnsrsa Spot. 5. Skinninq the Game. WITH THE RABBIT TRAPPliRS AT THE S T 0 N B Y 11 1 S E S. 1\. CotAO Meat PwcswiviNa Company's Works. 2. An Unexpected Victim. 3. Trapper's Hot. 4. A Pnosnsrsa Spot. 5. Skinninq the Game. RABBIT TRAPPING IN THE STONY ' . RISES. , BY OUR SPECIAL AIITIST. My destination was the Stony Rises,' and the object of my visit to see something of one of the most expensive and troublesome pests on the Australian continent. Some fifteen years ago -a gentleman had a happy thought. Pre sumably this gentleman was a keen sportsman, and, as a growing civilisation was Blowly but surely driving back all the Ram e of the land, his happy thought was to import- some that would not be so easily disturbed.' A rapid breeder, an animal affording capital sport,' the, rabbit was chosen as the one sort most likely to satisfyihim in every way. A few were got out from England and the experiment tried ; how.,' successfully, hundreds of .squatters and farmers are at present testifying with - curses both .loud and deep. At first all went well. Bunny took kindly to the change of climate, ? arid an abundance of food, with an absence of '.intense frost and snow, tempted him. to large families. With a most praiseworthy unselfish ness the sportsman cave out of his abundance to a friend, who brought several pairs over to the; Stony Rises. These' were guarded most zealously, no one being allowed to touch them until they had increased suffi ciently to permit ot a day's shooting.' In a few years, however, the squatter's -happy dream received a rude awakening, for- what was once an object for an hour's sport had become a serious nuisance. The rabbits' multi- plied and spread with alarming rapidity crops were destroyed and grass; eaten up so completely that the land -would not carry a tithe of the stock it formerly did. Conster nation took the place of complacency and efforts were at once made to destroy the pests. At one time there were as many as 47 bullock drays and 112 men carting and filling up the burrows. Thousands are killed by trappers almost daily in the season, yet notwithstanding all that is being done in the distriot the rabbits still seem to be increasing. i ,' Leaving Colac about noon, the train took us at a sober pace through several .miles of somewhat uninteresting country; but after passing Stbnyford, we were abruptly introduced to the broken ground which forms such a perfect stronghold for the rabbits. A little further on and we were at Pomborneit, my journey's end. I sLepped out, the only' passenger. Here was the railway station, but, where was the township? I had been led to understand that I would find accoraodation without difficulty but I looked earnestly in every direction and' found no trace of it. The station master, no doubt Boeing my -wistful expression, came to my assistance. From him I learned that there .was no hotel, nor store, not evon the else, where inevitable 'pub.'. Indeed the whole township seemed to be comprised within the limits of the stationmaster's weatherboard house, placed in the middle of the platform, ' and as if to corroborate this I saw 'Post Office' standing out in blueahd white -on -a'- 1 ttle signal box opposite his door. My next inquiry was for a trapper, of whom I had been previously told. This question was more sue cessful. I was requested to wait a moment, as the obliging offioial hurried off, returning -shortly after with the 'man : I - wanted. Our arrangements were soon ooraploted. The trapper had two thistle cutters living with him, but there was plenty of room and ' tucker' in the hut if I did not mind roughing it. I did not mind roughing it, but had no blanket ; again le good natured official came to the reaoue and kindly accommodated me with a large com fortable 'possum' rug. The hut being a mile and a half away, there was plenty of time to take note of the oountry 'as Sandy and I (Sandy was the trapper) trudged along laden with my valise and the borrowed rug. A succession of rises, undulating.; like the long billows of the Soutlr. Paoifib, met -the eye on every side. Here and there hard, igneous rooks jutted but from among a perfect tangle of thistles, long grass and cookspur. Tall gum trees threw, well-defined- shadows.' over the middle distance, and led in perspective out into the quivering blue of the sky beyond. A pleas ing pioture, but my attention was constant' y dragged from it by Sandy's '? warning of 'look out for the burrows,' and truly there was every necessity for doing so, the ground in some places being .completely honeycombed with them. In the course of desultory con versation I learned that trapping ia a remunera tive occupation, many men being able to make in the season, from -March till November, sufficient to keep them comfortably all the year round; but the life is hard and arduous. The hut, a weatherboard construction of two apartments, was .nicely situated on -a rising ground in the middle of a comparatively well cleared paddock. Inside, it was ; of the usual severely plain style, daylight peeped curiously iu underneath every other board, the kitchen or dining room was separated from the sleep ing apartment by a substantial wooden parti, tion. The broad open fireplace looked melan choly with the charred remains of the morning .fire ; above it, supported by two large nails, lay a double barrelled gun, without which no bush man's hut seems complete. This weapon was the only, piece of decorative art, if you exclude two jam tins with gorgeous labels and the fag end of a candle stuck in an empty Bardine box. The furniture ~ consisted - of three stools and two tables made in very early English, not graceful ' in line nor curve, but strong' enough to support a full grown human body as easily, as a dish of food. A couple of saws and some rusty tools bought at a recent sale, together with a huge pot, saucepan and three billies ' gavo the requisite finish to the place. Tho sleeping apartment was even simpler, having nothing but the bunks and blankets. . Well, there was anothertriflingaddition, batmoreof itanon. As evening gathered in the thistle cutters arrived * and all was bustle -.over supper. A roaring fire soon made the billies bubble, and we sat down, four iu number, to a rude repast of corned meat, bread and .butter washed down with milkless tea. Everyone was thoroughly in earnest, and the viands disappeared with magical celerity before those keen appetites begot by fresh air and hard manual labor. As soon as the pipes were lit, however, and the little clouds of tobacco smoke rolled about in fantastic shapes, blown by stray draughts of wind, conversation began. Ono of the thistle cutters- — an ex-sailor : — took the lead, and, for the most part, kept it. He took us back to his seafaring days, and told strange stories of peril and privation. Of dreadful hurricanes, wheneverythingseemedtobe washed away, save himself and a little bit of the ship, which always reaohed port in safety. ' Of wondrous instances of starvation, enough to make a Dr. Tanner envious. Of falling froma to'gall'n'yarcl arm. into Sydney harbor, and being pulled out of the water just as a gigantic shark dashed up and grazed his sea ..boots. My imagination felt weak and ill beside this man's, and it was a relief to step from such-an Arabian night's entertainment out into the calm beauty of the -Australian night. ' The moon was shining brightly, casting flickering lights among the trembling foliage; long, ghostly shadows stretohed softly aoross the ground,' and all be yond was a wildering maze of branches — their outlines subdued or lost in the dreamy light. At ten o'clock we retired to rest. ' The sailor whose kindness - was even greater than his propensity for yarning, insisted on curling up on the floor among 'the ants, leaving me his bunk made comfortable with two bags .sewn together and partly stuffed with chaff. Ab I turned in I was warned not to . be' uneasy if a ghost 'tickled me up in the night,' for the place might be haunted. I then learned that ? the hut had previously been occupied by an old man who had tried to break the monotony of his solitude by a too frequent use of spirituous liquors. ? The trapper — who then lived else where — was accustomed to see him oooasion ally, bat a few weeks before my arrival he had missed him, and on breaking in the door of the hut discovered the old fellow, with an empty whisky bottle olutohed tightly in his hand, stretohed dead across the bunk whioh I occu pied. With this pleasing- tale still, ringing in my ears I dropped off to slumber. I had uat reaohed that semi-conspious state which precedes Bleep, and when the mind is apt to ludicrously distort the incidents of the day. I thought I was struggling through dense masses of thistles and cockspura — at every step the prioldes seemed to pierce my body from .head to foot. I Bank exhausted and 'motionless, still the prickly sensation increased.'. A thick . darkness enveloped me, oat of which came the form of that dead old man, bottle in hand. I struggled to my feet, and in doing so awoke to find myself sitting up on the bunk looking for the departed spirit. Ite visitation was to be marked by a 'tiokling up,' and I was cer tainly experiencing that to the letter. 'Plena;, troublin* you, sir ?' came from . the depths of the trapper's blanket, and I then understood how it was. There wa3 not much sleep for me that night, but I was led to admire the mar vellous way in which nature could adapt her self to circumstances, ' as I watched over, the Bound and peaceful sleep of these tough buah men. Up in the morning with the sun the trapper and I swallowed a hasty breakfast and \- proceeded to visit the traps. In a few minutes, we were on the ground where the first batch of traps were set. Four of them were sprung, but the remaining fifteen had game, although some of them were too small for use. It was a pitiable' sight to see how the poor timid little creatures panted and trembled, crouched low down, with' ears laid flat, in the hope that we might pass them by, their great soft eyes start ing fearfully : from their sockets. Sometimes one would make a bound as if it would tear its; imprisoned limb asunder— as' indeed -'they often do — but the inexorable trap would bring it up with. a cruel tug when it reaohed the limit of the Bhort chain. Certainly the trapper spares them as muoh pain as he can. In an instant he has them out of the trap and with a smart jerk dislocates the neck, com pletely severing the spinal cord. The rabbits are slung in pairB and strapped across Sandy's broad back, and on we go for another set. Some little distance ahead rose a steep rocky hill. As I sorambled up, scarifying my shins on the sharp 'stones and scratching my legs against the everlasting prickly oook spurs, a shrill terror stricken scream came from beyond the crest, and just as I reached _ the top a large hawk rose with a nutter, and soared quickly, out of sight. Here was the cause of the scream ; a little rabbit lay dying in the trap; the hawk had torn out its eyes when I disturbed him. Further on were more traces of his voracity : other two rabbits having been killed, lay with their entrails torn out. This is quite' a common occurrence ; the whole carcase is frequently eaten, the torn . skin and clean bones being alone left. Hawks are so troublesome' in this way that the trapper finds it profitable to bait some ;of' his traps with a piece; of rabbit. This iB invariably successful, and he has then the satisfaction of being revenged on the despoiler. Having completed the round of about 80 trapB the rabbits are conveyed to the hut and again we 'start off to shift ground and reset the traps. Every morning new ground is chosen, never far away ; there is no need for that. The neat and speedy manner in which Sandy set; his traps surprised me. With a setter — an implement shaped like an - adze — he scooped away sufficient earth to take in the trap ; two or three handfuls of earth. were then rubbed down- finely* and the peg which is attached to the, trap! by a chain 12 or 15 inches long was ...'driven ? firmly into the ground. The trap was then held securely by the left hand, and pressing up the plate with the middle finger to prevent the jaws closing, he deftly scraped the fine earth over with the right, withdrawing the left carefully so asnot to disturb the spring ; he finished by completely covering the trap, ohain and peg from view. When the ground isyery, fine and dusty, as it often iB in front of a' burrow, a small, piece of paper is placed on the plate to- prevent the earth from slipping underneath, and thereby exposing the snare.y Traps are set almost anywhere, the keen eyes of the trapper spotting the ' play grounds' readily ; another favorite ' place is where the 'rabbits have, burrowed underneath a rook, the. trap : being placed in such a position that bunny cannot escape. The traps having been all reset Sandy was free till the afternoon, when the same routine was gone through, and ''.again in the evening. During the day, although many parts of the ground are completely perforated with burrows, there are comparatively ? few rabbits to be seen, but at sunrise and sundown the earth is, literally alive with them. Black,' grey, yellow, and occasionally white, they Boaraper off in hundreds whenever you approach. Sandy's daily bag averages '?. GO pairs^-his largest take was 122 pairs, a very ; good day's work. ' Not unfrequently when the . earth is loose a strong rabbit will drag the peg out and make off with the trap. On these occasions Sandy's intelligent dog Diver is put on the soent, and never fails to bring back the hfiavily-manacled truant. In the summer months the only market for the game is Melbourne, and when the weather is muggy rabbits won't keep when packed in baskets. At' such times the trapper has little remuneration for his labor. The carcases are thrown into tho sorub and only the skins taken. These are stretched upon a piece of wire, and when dried bring from 6d. to 9d. . per dozen. In winter the price for good fur is 1b. Cd. to Is. 9d. per dozen. Many methods have been tried for extirpating the pests. Stopping up the holes with stones has been tried, but not .very successfully. Next to trapping, digging out is perhaps the best. The trapper follows a burrow up to the end where the rabbits are imprisoned : each is then. caught across the loins with the right hand, and with the left the neck is quiokly dislooated. As many as 40 rabbits .have been killed in one burrow, but the trappers consider it does not pay them, as a whole day, sometimes longer, may be spent in digging them out. Many kinds of fences have been tried to confine the rabits to one particular space. Where the ground will allow, wooden paling is much in use, the palings being sunk about 12 inches^ into the ground. All -through the Stony Rises, however, stone walls have to be resorted to, arid these are sunk to a depth of 2 or 3 feet below the surface.' The rabbits have little' difficulty in climbing over these, but wooden slabs are placed under the coping so as to project about a foot on either side, thuB offering a complete foil to all their endeavors. Winter is the proper trapping season,' when the rabbits are full grown. Then the preserv ing factories in Colao and Camperdown are in full swing, offering a constant market for the hundreds of rabbits sent to them daily. Car riers go about the country buying the game from the trappers at the rate of 4d. per pair. They realise 5d. at ? the factories. Sandy wanted a big lot to Bend to Melbourne next morning, so an extra round was made about ten o'clock at night. It was dark and cloudy when we started forth by the light of a candle placed in an old fashioned lantern. The trapper made little use of the light. He 3eemed to avoid burrows by a kind of instinct, and leaped about the rooks as Bure footed as a chamois. I sorambled after him in the most dignified manner possible, but was subjected to many sad downfalls so severe that I feared I should not get home with a complete skeleton. The night was very still and peaceful. A weird and most uncomfortable feeling took possession of me at the thought of flitting about in this spectral fashion, dealing wholesale death among these innocent looking creatures. The intense stillness of the air was broken now and. then by the shrill scream of some poor little sufferer, and my perhaps over sensitive feelings got a rude shock at the trapper's exultant voice, calling, ' Squeal on, you little dears ; I'll soon be at you.' - Sunny often escapes through the misfortues of some of his - neighbors — bandi- coot, native cat, tiger cat, 'possum, magpie or parrot. Occasionally, a sheep, gets caught, and the probability then is that there will be a good supply of fresh mutton for a day or two. Sandy was rather unfortunate in this late visit. False game occupied a good many traps, and others held but a foot or foreleg, the rabbits having torn themselves away. It was therefore in moody silence that we reached the hut shortly before midnight and turned in, again to be subjected to the too lavish attentions of a particularly obnoxious species of the inseot ? world. In ' the morning Sandy hod his rabbits safely despatched to Melbourne, whither I followed by a later] train. . ' - ' 