? Occasionally I find persons with Irish Christian names making; attempts to anglicise them, and in some cases to alter them altogether. Thus among my acquaintances a few have made the attempt; in one case I know that the good old name of Michael has been dropped altogether and an anglicised name substituted. In three other cases I know that the name Mary has been changed into Clementina and Josephine, and Bridget into Bride. The following advertisement, which appeared in the Age during the week, seems to be another attempt iu this direction :— O'Brien—ARMITAGE.—On the 23rd July, 1883 by special license, by the Rev. T. W. M'Gregor, Presbyterian minister, Carlton, 5th. son of the late Cornelius O'Brien, carrier, of Chetwynd-street, Hotham, to Lucy Anne Armitage, second daughter of Alexander Armitage, of Carlton. If the change was made intentionally I cannot congratulate Mr. "Daniel" O'Brien on it, and I am sure that his father, if he was an Irishman, would prefer " Con " to " Cornelius." A case of the blind leading the blind came under my notice during the week. It appears that in the London Times of 1st January a correspondent gives a fair and not unfavourable account of the 'late Irish- Australian Convention, held last November in Melbourne. This seems to have been too much for Mr. Gowen Evans, of ..the Argus, who is at present in London, and'who boasts of his sixteen years' connection with the Melbourne Press. He wrote to the Times protesting against the exaggerated importance given to the Convention by that journal. Had not the Argus ridiculed it, and should not thathave been sufficient for the London Times P Did not the Argus circulate in Victoria the slanders of the Times, and was there to be no reciprocity p It was unkind to question the account of the affair given by the leading journal of Victoria—this was, in fact, a slap in the face to this leading journal, and if Mr. Evans* bile and wrath rose under this provocation, that is not surprising. In his letter Mr. Evans quotes the Australasian of 10th November, which states:— "The Convention has been obliged to send all the way to Brisbane for a president in the person of Dr. O'Doherty, who was tried, in 1848, for having published treasonable matter in the Nation." As a matter of fact, Dr. O'Doherty was never tried for publishing treasonable matter in the Nation, and both the Australasian and Mr. Evans ought to know that Mr. Duffy was the proper party to try for "publishing" anything in the Nation, as he was the publisher of the paper. If Mr. Evans doesn't understand comparatively recent Irish events he should be careful, before rushing into print, not to take the dictum of the Australasian in such matters ; and our big brother in CollinB-street should exercise more care for its reputation's sake in writing on Irish affairs. Dr. O'Doherty was convicted for writing an article in the Irish Tribune, which paper he and R. D. Willliams started. So much for the knowledge displayed by the Australasian and Mr. Evans on Dr. O'Doherty's conviction. Simply a case of the blind leading the blind. Many are the odes that have been addressed to the sovereign weed of tobacco. The pleasures it bestows are so universal' in tireir nature that perhaps nothing eke g :been praised so much and so differently. There are very fewstanzas, however, which in a- mora quaint wayexpress the quiet rapture of an old smoker than the following, which begins a poem by ©lotbas Ddkker:— ,. , Tobiroo'eVmusiclan, 1 Andihaplpedelig Et'd&rtaids; ina oloee Throughitfcb org&ns; of the nose, - 'J .1 With a relish that inviteth. There is none of your cigar or cigarette frippery suggested. It is fragrant of a teal old-fashioned ponderous pipe—the smoker sitting serenely looking through the white, chaste clouds which roll like a glory round his head. By the latest account the Zulu king, of the multisonous name, is dead, and with him a number of small troubles. Will they and he see another resurrection P Since the successful way in which Scobeloff was removed, heart disease would appear to be becoming fashionable as a way for exalted personages to die off; but still no one could have expected its successful acclimation among the Zulus. I lately read an account of a curious pilgrimage given in an English paper published some time ago. A gentleman, who was called by the scribe Mr. Benedict, took his wife for a wedding trip to visit the tomb of her predecessor, who had died in Italy some two years before. To make this cheerful proceeding more festive still they performed the journey in company with a huge wreath of immortelles, bought at Covent Garden on the wedding-day. I wonder what the sensations of the bride were as they stood by the tomb. I don't suppose they were exactly enviable, though, in truth, I think Mrs. Benedict No. 1, if she were anywhere about, had the worst time of it. What must have been her sensations if she were a nailless and tongueless ghost P Incredible as it may seem, I have an idea. To render Melbourne a really delightful place to live in we require a good-sized range of mountains closely skirting it on th« north. We shall have them, too, some day 1 A project to convert the Sahara into an inland sea, and thereby fertilise the whole of Northern Africa, has arrived at the surveying point. There is another proposal to make an inland sea in South Australia for a similar purpose, and when Melbourne has grown a little more half a dozen gentlemen will meet, pass resolutions, call for tenders, and the mountains will be run up. It strikes me that the Oriental peoples managed to build up religions that served their temporal needs as well as the best could have done. In thickly populated India the fashion of drowning children in the sacred Ganges is easily intelligible, and the connection of daily ablutions with the more mysterious parts of their religion was absolutely essential to the preservation of their health. It is a pity that among a commercial people such as we are punctuality cannot be made a part of religion. Who is there among us that is not made to suffer both in his patience and his pocket through his neighbour's unpunctuality ? There is a class of persons whose work is always in advanee of them. They are late from the rising of of the sun till the going down thereof. Late at their meals, late at their appointments, late never-ceasingly. They come into the station just as the train is going off. They do not entirely forget or omit their engagements, but are always behind the time, as if they were born a little late and were forever trying to catch up the lost time. I suppose, now that a circular is to be forwarded to Lord Derby, the question of annexing New Guinea will arise in all its force again. It is all very well for Australians to talk about annexing New Guinea because of its adjacence. No one ever suggested that from the same adjacence New Guinea would have a perfect right to annex Australia. Again, we object to a French penal settlement being established in the New Hebrides, because some of the convicts might escape to our shores. The French probably object to having Australia so near as to_ offer their prisoners a chance of and an incentive to escape. The Sydney .legislators are not alone in their -endeavours to wipe oat an insult by blackening the eyes or breaking the noses of their verbal assailants. The method is not exactly knightly, but it seems to be satisfactory for the time to the legislator who falls a-top. In the Pennsylvanian Senate, according to the United States Courier, recently -three honourable members commenced a triangular duel of vituperation. They then vituperated some more, after whioh one member hit another in the jaw a tremendous blow, causing ah ominous crack that was hefud in the fartbest gpllery of the. *^nera))le edifioe. , He retorted, by breaking his opponent's, nose, andihe three.,then closed,. ;te«ring at *aoh other wild beasts. All thii happened before the other members had time to interfere—tit least, some of them—and before the others had time to get under the benches in case of a general riot. However, it is satisfactory to note that directly afterwards they all kissed and became friends, metaphorically, and might have done so literally but for the inconvenience of kissing with a broken jaw or being kissed with a broken nose. The rage for knowledge grows apace, A pace that quite terrific is; To-day the whole of Britain's race Devoutly scientific is; Sings the satirical poet. I am not very certain that the rage for knowledge grows at as rapid a pace as the rage for imparting knowledge. Hardly a man one meets but can let you have some " new light ' on the leading questions of the day. 1 The schoolmaster is undoubtedly abroad in this age. His influence even pervades the kitchen. I once heard a mistress teaching her servant a correct style of speaking. Said Mary, " I can't find that scissors anywhere, ma'am." "Oh! Mary! how yon distress me I Why won't you speak correctly ? How often have I told yon to say 'them' scissors!" TAPLEY. 