iSPORTINO NOTtiS. o Till] Tiiir. Victouian' Racing Cm; it. [Hr Klkctiuc Tci.ror.vrn.] (FROM OUH OWN ConRKUI'ONIHrNT.) Jfondav, KJtli Jutio. ^ The following arc the outrios (or the V.R.C. Winter Steeplechase Meetimr:— PUiMKN Huuriu: UVK.- Stur, Lady Teazle, lusob vent, Uorderiuan, Hreuda, Stalford, Tho Ameer, Western Gasalier, 'Latter, Slander, Conittgsby {UiUi BoucoiiMtield). Raillery, Cockboat, Hazard, Kit Nubbles. Jfcwsanio, Paiianini, Ditto, Omadbauii. Tho Ghost, Paddy Melon, Sheet Anehor, Sinking Fund, Briton, IjO Kean. M.udkn Str.nri.rriiASK.—Hard of Erin, Goodwood, Adsttm, Hope,Pride, liobin Hood, Molrow, Banyenong, Helpmate, Jtiugstou, Hailstorm, Kulkyne, Stampede, The Baron,Peeotvor,Tlft» Mason, Dcviishoof.Mariiuts of "Waterford, Ynnco, Notorious, Big Drum, True Blue, Sir Fyuns, Sulphur, Holyrood, The Stputter. Granp National Hi/km.k Kacj:.—W'oiifc Coast, Shir, Lady Teazle, Insolvent, Prospect, Tantaliser, Brenda, Stafford, Sundowner, Malim, Sir Patrick, Merrhnan, Don Quixote, Rimrwood, Western, Tattler, Nutlad, Vuree, Ontario Yately, THusidoru, Basilisk, The Joker, Duncan, Boru'.-udaia, LUaA! Away. H«n»tfy, Di:a:ount, Oinadhaun, Paddy Melon, Sheel Anchor, Sinkinj; Pund, Last Try, Fluiiiborouwh. The A-;ent. <«iiANi» National Su:i:i'u;rnASK.—Katamra. Fame, Bryan 0'I<ymi, A*isum. Pride, Moonlight, Sim dower, Union, Friendless, t\til Ivyne, Hands IMvii, Great Western, Htamivic, Tandstickcr, Chip|«enhamf The Huron, Li/.ette, General Jackson, Ke:;lrel, Vaneo, AM Serene, Australian Court, Blackthorn, Fickle, Revolver, Maid of nil Work, Governor, Chester, The Squatter. Ski.i,IMS Huum.k Hack,—WcstCoast, IrraltfO, Border man, Sir Patrick, Sundowner, Tho Ameor, Shooting Star, Ned Kelly, Yarree, Berwick, Footman, Letitia, Musidora, Bluzo Away, Equity, Ditto, MerrL Cumbo roonn, Prospect, Brimstone* Dundreary. Fi,at Back.—Stafford, Mnlna, Don Quixote, Rtng wood, Stationer, Plausible, Golden Butterfly, Sea Horse, Virago, Ironmaster, Mentmoro, Losbi:;, Boolka, Pailleroo, Creswiok, Plato, Polly, Umherto, Uproarious, Mozart, [inputs;?. Lyous Lady, Caller On, Precious Stone, Cupidon, Favor, Hurricane, Prince Patrick, Bassanio, Regulator, St. Lawrence, Wotonga, Belle Brandon, Liberator, Victress, Guy t'aux, Too Too, Black Diamond, Shcela, Cus tawny, Bonnie Bee, Norfolk, Queen Boss, Yellow Hammer, Uritou. FOOTBALL. In consequence of the death of Charles Shaw, a lato rospccted member of the Imperial Football Club, the match betwecu the Southern Cross and that club will not take place to-morrow as arranged. The match between Sandhurst and Boudigo, which was arranged for to-morrow, lias been cancelled. The following will represent Sandhurst in their match with Charing Cross at. Hack Creek to-morrow afternoon Busst, Creeth, Cordnor, Campbell, Cart wright, Dowlau, Davis, Kadie, l\>x, Gleoson, .Howell, Kampiiou. ICirby, Moody, Martotl, Miller, C)'CaUa>;hant Kyiner, Sheldou and Walker. Reserve— Howell, Wat hoii, aud Wood. A match will In* played to-morrow between the Char in*:Cross (second-twenty) and the Imperial V£l). The following will represent the Cross—Smith, Harris, Evans, Ross (2). Brokensbirc, Murray, Hansen, Moroy, Fojrarty (-), Duymond, Pnrcell, Parker, Fly, Shier, Martin, Kennedy, Rymer and Maloney. Iteservo — Godfrey, Bain and Kirkby. f^ayt oveniHH' the mcmbera of the Coachbuilder** Football Club met at the Crown Hotel, to make presen tations to two members of the club, T. Orraml'L.Corr, for good play duriujr last season. The gold medal for bost all round play, presented by the president (Mr. O. M. Pickles), was given to Mr. Orr; but as many con* sidcred Mr. Corr deserved a prize, he was made the recipient of a gold modal also. That presented to Sir. Orr had the following inscription Presented by the President (G. M. PicMes, K^i.), to T. Orr of tho Coachbuilders' Football Club for the best all-round player, season 1S&J;," The Grecian cross presented to Mr. Corr by tho club has inscribed on one side, *' Sandhurst Coachbuilders' Football Club, 188t," and ou tho other "Presented to T. Corr." The medals, which were uiado by Mr. Moody, were handed to tho winners by Mr. G. M. Pickles. The recipients briefly returnod thanks, after which the members dispersed. A special general meeting of tho Sandhurst Football Club is called for to- morrow evening at the Albert Hotel, M'Crae-street, at 8 o'clock. The following will represent tho Eaglohawk (2nd twenty) in tho match against the Sandhurst (i!nd twenty) in tho Park to-morrow Coughlin, Herbert (2), Williams, Rodda, Hutchinson, Harvey, Bruce, Llowlyn, Tngloby, James, Simmie, Hegarty, Bahlock, Rosmau, Moorhead, Wright, Pollio, Hooper, and Bartle. Emergency—Francis, Hall, Simmouds, and Sampson, COURSING. The Ladies' Bracelet Mooting of tho Sandhurst, Mai don, and .Baringhup Courting Club takes place to morrow. Tho moot will bo at Schmidt's Hotel at eight o'clock, aud tho coursiug will take place in Mr. D. C. Collard's paddock. Thirty nominations were received for tho stuko. ____ 