Mr. T. C. Irwin’s Poetry. In an article on the compositions of the Irish poet, T. 0. Irwin, a writer in Tinsley's Jlayuzine says :— Earnestness in the domain of verse-making has been so uncommon latterly that it is a re freshing task to draw attention to the produc tions of a poet whose art has been to him a rul ing passion, and whose whole life has been, as Milton declares the life of a poet should be, a poem. The poet of whom I speak is Mr. Thomas Caulfield Irwin, whose works are not, I fear, sufficiently known, and for this reason not suffi- ■ ciently appreciated . In a series of articles entitled Cycles of English Song,” which appeared some years ago in the pages of a contemporary, the writer of the articles (whose theory was, that the pioetry of a nation goes through vicissitudes similar to those of a man from his infancy to his old age) held that a cycle of song had just been decorously interred, and that a fresh cycle was. in its swaddling clothes. Now I will not attempt to decide whether or not our poet has actually been blessed by the patronage and inspiration of this new-born cycle, but I will assert as emphati cally as I can that Mr. Irwin is no imbecile ghost of one of a defunct series of singers. He is, in fact, simply a singer whose motive has been the beauty of the visible universe—-who has . been with and brooded upon Nature and man, and who has chosen the rhythmic medium for ex pressing his thoughts and sensations; and his. power of expression once granted, it but remains j to see what the man is made of, whether the phenomena of Nature and humanity, as repre sented to us through the medium of his persona lity, are worthy our inspection and study. Is. his individuality of sufficient strength to throw such new light upon what we have seen as to render.him in our eyes an interpreter of Nature '. Mr. Irwin's premier power is the power of paint ing Nature with words; but his word-pictures are as characteristic or personal as the colour paintiugs of Turner. He possesses, indeed, the {tower of Hashing pictures upon the vision of I his readers to an extent that is simply incompre hensible to the unimaginative mind, and which argues that abnormal clearness of mental vision which is, perhaps, the first indispensable requisite of a poet. Broad sympathy with humanity ac companies this power of vision, which could not exist apart from a heart capable of comprehen sive love. As I have indicated, Mr. Irwin’s most prominent characteristic is his love and intimate appreciation of Nature, and his ability to represent her phenomena, coloured of course and sublimed by his strong and strange persona lity. One of the strangest facts in connection with this poet is his evident preference for .Joy rather than Sorrow, and the strangeness of this fact is heightened by another fact—namely, that Mr. Irwin is an Irishman—a sou of that “ Sweet-souled land where Sorrow sweetest sings.” Mr. Irwin, no doubt, made the discovery that the poets whose special domain is Sorrow and. who sneer at the innate vulgarity of Delight, are as numerous as the thick motes which people the sunbeams. Hence, I presume, he bethought him that it would be well, and almost original,, to select for his theme the things of joy and beauty with which this world abounds. Carlyle lias a great deal to say respecting the inestimable benefits derivable from frequent descents into the divine depths of Sorrow. Irwin prefers a descent into the divine depths of Joy. In short, he is as sunny, as spontaneous, as sensuous as Keats. Indeed, he resembles Ivcats in many ways, and in one way more than the rest — namely, in his almost oppressive richness. More than one of Irwin’s poems to be read at sitting, like Keats’s “ Ode to the Nightingale,” would require a lifetime for its digestion by the aver age reader, not because of its richness in thought, but because of its richness in beauty of form, of, colour, and of music, 