KEW ANGLICAN OHUSOH AT GAWLEE. It having been considered necessary that certain additions and alterationi were required at St. George's Chore*, Gawler, the committee instructed Mr. It, GarJiek HolwcU, architect, «f Adelaide, to prepare plans -and specifloations for a ohanceL choir, and north and maaOa. traasepts, »trd on ttelr corapietion asked for tenders far the work. Tbe old building, which bad existed for forty Tears, was then polled -etova, and sufficient progress with the works laving been made the foundation - stone *ne new eoib.ee «u laid, by Mr*. Kennionon Thnwday, Deoember i. There was a large attendance, Incladiog most of the representative residents of the town and districts. Within the cavity were placed two bottlcB; one containing copies of the daily and local papers. «cd a document containing tile names of the officers of tbe church and the other usual information; the other bottle was that which was taken from under the old etcne, and contained the original document, The t oondation-atone was the one which were used when the church was first built. Shortly after a procession left the porch of the church, the choir singing 'Onward Christian Soldiers.' The service usual on inch occasions having been con ducted by Bishop Kennion, Mrs. KenniOn was presented with a handsome silver trowel, manufactured in Gaw'.er by Mr. B. Snell grove, and partly made of Silverton silver j and tbe mortar having been duly spread,' the stone was lowered, and declared by that lady to be laid in the name of Jesus Christ, of God the Fatb.tr, God the' Son, and God the Holy Ghost. A prayer was then offered by the bishop. On its conclusion Canon Coombes thanked Mm. Kennion for her presence there, and he alluded to tbe many memories that were summoned np in the minds of those who bad witnesied the laying of the fouoda ticn-stoce of 1S47. It was then the first church north of Adelaide— ie had almost *atd tbe first place of worship. It bad served its day, and many thousands had gone forth ftom it who bad been baptized there or trained in its Sunday - school and church, Sean BussELL said he felt gladness of heart that he eoold congra tulate tbem on the. good work com menced so long ago. He remembered the Easter Sunday when he preached one of the opening services. He cooid not but re member those who were gone and who would have locked with much sympathy on their labors, Bishop Short, Dean Faxrell, and others. He would ad vise them to can tinoe faithfully in their -own doctrine, and in charity to all who- differed from them. The Bishop said they were gathered to seek God's blessing on the work for the furtherance of his glory. It was essentially a religions service, and it was right to invoke the blessing of God. He hoped all who worked in the building would remember the eacrtd character of the work, and that every stone that was laid was to further -the build ing np of God's people. Any one coming as be did at a later stage of development could not but contrast it with the early days. Xnis growth was but an illustration of growth of the church throughout the world, indeed, of file growth of anjthirjg— of that colony which, looking at it now, they could hardly recognise that it had begun in so small a -way, WiDe In tbe growth of the Church of Christ there were many changes - it still remained the the «ame. While the building might look different, the church itself did not change. There mast be progress In tbe church, Tney did not wish to staud still in church matters any more than in political matters. They could not expect the nineteenth century to put on the -garb of the fourth, bat to progress - did sot mean to depart from the old tenth. There must still be 'faith, love, and hope. Love and hope must be closely knit together, and if they were to exhibit them to one another they would best do it by being men and women of faith. He hoped that faith would not change in Its character. He prayed tbat God would grant that those principles might grown and increase, and that they -all night be living 'stones -growing unsteadily, tier by tier aad story by story, a building for the Supreme— the church of -the people based «n bis own Son Jeans. ?Arch- deacon Makriat having said afew words, the cf&ricgs; of the people were laid oirthe stone, and the bikbop- having pronounced the bene diction tbe«eremony closed. At 7 d'clook a confirmation 'service was beld, at ?which about twelve young people presented themselves. St. George's Church was crowded. 