Tales and Sketches. A FRONTIER MAGDALEN. 7he Argonaut Continued from our last issue. Physically, Mr* French was an ad mirable match' for the noble mould, of George Locke's commanding type. Her well-built form was large, com pact, and. plump. Her cheeks were ruddy, her grey eyes clear, and her round facial lines all sweet and. whole some. She was the sort of woman men are apt to fancy—a sort of domestic goddess. But it does not always chance a goddess smiles on the plans of the sons of men. George Locke was astonished to find that his friend's ob jection to his proposition was based on personal reasons. The mere detail that it involved juggling with the religious faith of another had nothing repugnant to her strong rationalism. He perceived quite plainly that between her compas sion for the unfortunate mother and the zest she found in his original if irreverent idea, she'wa3 fairly inclined to confederacy—until the statement of the Magdalen's identity. Mr. Locke had, of course been quite cognisant that Mrs. Trench had broken with her in tended husband, a week before the day set for their marriage, on discovery, of his entanglement with the Aylmer. And yet he had confidently expected that generosity and sense of justice would ignore personal feeling in dealing with the matter in hand ' Tou talk as if that poor girl were the only sinner in the world!' cried George Locke at last, exasperated by her obstinacy, while time was flying. ' Tou are thoroughly unjust.to her, and you are less generous than she. I "didn't know you could be so narrow minded. Mary French, this woman you despise tries more sincerely—ay, I believes she does more—to help the weak and sinful than you do.' Mrs." French lifted' her bowed head in amazement. But George Locke's noble, kindly countenance was full of stern sincerity and rebuke. ' I mean what I say. She preys on men, as is the. manner of her kind—: poor girl. But no man pays tribute to her at the expense of a family. Her speech is as blameless as your own, amid all_ the ribaldry that surrounds her; sometimes it has even seemed to me that her sweet songs purify the atmosphere about her. 0 Mary French! you need not sneer. Men are not always full of evil. I do believe that many a one goes there to let her music work its spell on heart- chords that have long been silent.' ' Do the people of the " Continual" saloon find this mission work profitable, or is it a labour of love?' inquired Mrs. French, with meek sweetness. He went on, ignoring the feminine sarcasm: She has made a veritable crusade against the young lads, mere boys, who used to haunt the saloons—calls them up to her piano, and talks to them like a mother. Ah, bah!' cried Mr. Locke, ' it is folly to expect one woman to show another mercy. And yet,' he added, his voice tremulous with some tender memory, ' I have known one woman to warrant such confidence.' Mrs. F'rcncb looked up. ' "Would that woman have done what you ask me to do ?' she' demanded, a certain grievance in her tone. Mr. Locke smiled to himself at that littlo touch of emulative jealousy, tend ing as it did to confirm his suspicion that Mrs. French's pride had suffered, rather than her affection, in the rupture with her lover six months before. He must have beon more than man, if ho had failed to perceive that her interest iu himself was deeper than was strictly consistent with hopes quito blasted. It would have been abnormal, too, had he failtd to take advautage of that weak ness for the furtherance of his wishes. Thero was 110 selfish taint in her whole nature. She would have aided i to the utmost what I thought right.' Mrs. French roso and looked into his '"ace with eyes full of infinite enthusiasm and yearning pity, well-nigh divine. ' When will she be here—that dear, old, lonely mother ? Oh, we will bo so good to her, will we not ? And you— you really believed in my heartlessness, you know you did! "What right had you : to think mo a Pharisee r For shame, j George Locke 1 I thought you knew me better.' , ' ' In the nick of time I' thought the man, following helplessly as she moved to answer the knock announcing the weary pilgrim's coming. And he was not the first' man, nor yet the last ?0Ji~ strained to own that, as compared to the nimble wiles of women, men's art fulness but a clumsy and transparent effort. And so it was that twenty-four hours later, Mary Trench, with diplomatic, deferential interest, sat listening to the disclosure on spiritualism, into which she had skilfully led her guest. It was not difficult to understand how all the more mystical and poetic phases of that doctrine had taken hold in this gentle, unphilosophic mind, of anti quated simplicity. ' I do not doubt that our dear ones return,' she said; ' hut we do not per ceive them often, for our senses are dulled by the world's gross usage. I have tried strenuously to comply with the conditions, in order that I might receive the materialised presence. I have sometimes thought that if my | daughter ' She stopped short with a little faint cry. A woman's form stood in a win dow giving upon the long, front gallery ; . a figure graceful, small, of perfect mould, cmpassed about, with filmy, misty clouds of vaporous white; the little head was handed round with bands of waving golden bair; the great blue eyes were full of mournful resignation, the sweet, faultless lips were sad, the whole face was the face of a suffering angel. She held one lovely band toward the twain within the room, and the sweet, sad lips spoke. 'Mother—return!' Then swiftly and- silently the vision was gone. * * ♦ * * Jack Daniel did not .tarry with the pseudo news he bore. The mother had not spoken when ho came in. The details of his story had been skilfully devised. Smallpox had broken out in Flintviile the week of the teacher's ad vent there. She had contracted the scourge, and a sudden chill had driven it in with Bwift congestion. Death had come very soon, and immediate inter ment had iheen needful. She had died with her mother's name upon her lips. Watching the mother carefully, the young man was going on with tentative platitudes of sympathy, and the regrets of those who knew the dead girl. The old lady covered her dim eyes uith her hand, her delicate lips wrung piteously. ' You axe very kind,' she said, still with precision, ' but—will you leave in solitude with my sorrow ? Dear young lady, will you come to me later on ? To-morrow—I will leave you.' Without a word, Mary French and Jack Daniel went softly to the room where George Locke was watching he side the Aylmer. She cowered like some stricken creature, still veiled by the foamy masses of clinging tulle, that had made her appearance at the window ghost-like. The Creole touched their hostess, bending down humid eyes. ' Say something to her,' he said, piti fully. ' I think her mother's suffering hurts her less than her position with you. She would not stay in here with Daniel, but made him go and leave me with her.' That argument was an unwise one. It was not enough, then, that her old lover stood hero with liis face downcast, in conscious shame for his relations with this fallen creatureShe must ply her nefarious acts upon the other man, trading on his chivalry. Mrs. French's faco hardened as her heart grew hard again. The crouching woman fitted her tear-stained visage, and came to stand before the other, with pleading written on every line of her hearing ' I have no right to even thank you,' she said, ' and yet I would lay down my life for your pleasure. Don't think I "do not feel my shame—I even recog nise the mockery of my being wrapped, in this,' she bent her lips gratefully and reverently to the airy gaiize about her. It was Mary French's bridal veil that she had brought out hastily when their project had bccu found to lack such an accessory. ' Oh, there is nothing like a woman's kindness to a woman . flic love of mau, at best, is only a selfish passion In all the greatest crises of a woman's life, she wants a woman": ministering. I have been so long shut out from that sweet consolation—oh for my very soul's sale, speak to me, and help me!' But Mrs. French stepped back and answered coldly: ' I am sorry for your. distress. I think your unfortunate mother will be needing me. My parlour is at your service, as anything you may require to recover your composure. Mr. Locke, my hospitality is in your hands.' ! A fire at their corral disabled the stage company's rolling stock, so that the out-going coach was not in readi ness to leave until the lamps lighted in , the ' Continual' saloon twinkled their reflections in the malodorous pool above the dam. The usual knot of loungers stood in waiting as it swung around to the post-office under the cottonwoods. j Young Daniel, standing despondently near by, spoke to the driver. ' "Wait, Jim, George Locke will bring ■you another passenger shortly.' Jim put out his under lip, in jealousy1 of his importance. ' That's all right. I know. Told me he'd see the old lady down to the rail road. George is a good fellow—for a rebel that was.' The crowd took up the word, ' Old lady,' ' Carrie's mother,'' Going hack,' ' Jack, how did Locke settle that busi ness. He's kept it mighty mum.' ' Ask him,' said young Daniel, briefly. ' Seems's if it's kind of rough for Carrie to havetoplay to-night,' hazarded one rugged prospector in overalls. 'Rough nothing. Business is busi ness,' said a pert, young accountant. ' Wonder how the firm'Il like the lonesome kind of tunes she's giving us to- night.' ' Go slow on that. Here's Locke and the -old lady.' As the pair settled hack in their seats, a steady flaw of wind set for some moments thither, and brought the singer's voice and words so clearly that Jim delayed, with whip in air, to catch the old familiar strain:— " Sing, then, and unto my soul it shall stem Womanhood's years have been only a dream, Sorer hereafter to wake or to weep— Bock me to sleep, mother, rock me to sleep!' Mrs. Piatt half rose from her place. ' That—oh, that voice sounds like my poor dead daughter's!' And, as the coach lurched away, she hid her face on George Locke's Bhoulder, with an outburst of tears that were the first she had. shed in her sad, sorrowful sojourn there. A. F. D. 