REVIEW OF THE QUARTER'S LESSONS. JUNE 29.—AFTERNOON. Golden Text—Col. iii. 16. " Let the word of Christ dwell in you richly in all wisdom; teaching and admonishing one another in psalms and hymns, and spiritual songs, singing with grace in your hearts to the Lord." This quarter's lessons belong to what may be called the Ephesus period of Paul's life. The incidents are connected with his third missionary journey ; and the Epistles, from which lessons are taken, were written during the same period, i.e., A.D. 57—58. 1 Corinthians, probably written from Ephesus, A.D 57—Spring ; 2 Corinthians, probably from Macedonia A.D. 57—Autumn ; Galatians, probably from Macedonia or Greece, A.D. 57—58—Winter; Romans, probably from Corinth, A.D. 5S—Early Spring. This quarter's lessons give us a kind of outline of Paul's work; specimens of his teachings in his most matured time. He went about the Churches, strengthening the disciples, correcting doctrinal and moral evils, and giving advanced Christian teachings, Review I.—PAUL'S EXPERIENCES. Recall the lessons taken from the Acts of the Apostles, Especially recall the Apostle's experiences at Corinth and at Ephesus; Corinth representing the relations of Ev.rojie to the Gospel, and Ephesus the relations o? Asia. Question on the various incidents that occurred and on the several individuals with whom Paul had, this time, to do. 1\. The introduction of Apollos. 2\. The UK'n who had not heard of the Holy Ghost. 3\. The beginning of Christian services in the School of Tyrannus. 4\. The power of special miracles given t o Paul. 5\. The judgment on the seven sous of Seeva. (y. The burning of the Ephesian books. • 7\. The excitement over the supposed injury done to Diana. Question on what has been taught about ancient modern Ephesus. Impress how God, by His providence, leads His servants through just the experiences that fit them for the work He would have them do. II.—PAUL'S TEACHINGS. Select the points out of the series of lessons from the Epistles, taking care to fix in mind the passage with which each point is associated, so that the passage may be referred to, and any illustration that has been used in teaching may be recalled to mind. Nine points stand out prominently before us. W find Paul's teaching illustrated— 1\. On the Gospel of Christ crucified. 1 Cor. i. 22—21, 2\. On Self-sacrifice. 1 Cor. viii. 13. . 3\. On Charily. 1 Cor. xiii. 13. 4\. On Death. 1 Cor. xv. 20. 5\. Oil the Duly of Giving. 2 Cor. ix. 7, 8. 6\. On Lilies ft/. Gal. iv. 9, 10. 7\. On Justification. Rom. iii. 23—28. 8\. On Christian Privilege. Rom. viii. 33. 0\. On Social Relations Bom. xiii. 10. From the Golden Text impress that the " Word of Christ," which is to dwell in us richly, is exactly thi practical word of Paul's teaching ; this wise instruction as to the ordering of our thoughts and our conduct. This " Word of Christ," ministered by Paul, is to be (1) held well in our minds, so that (2) it may give tone to our lives. " What manner of persons ought we to be in all holy conversation and godliness." 