? Sports and Pastimes. Bt ''Vehax,' is Tht Week. The great Molboumo Carnival is over, and it naj^been quito as nucccssf ul as in previous years. ? No lwb that saw tho orowds on Cup Day can say &at; horso racing ia not a national pastimo. 'All Horta and conditions of men' -woro na Gemblcd thoro, and tho result wns a motloy : throng- of holiday makers. Probtibly not half Of those presortt woro bent on Beointr tho sport, but it is the porrcct thing to go and soo '-' tho Cup' run for. On Saturday, 'Derby Day,' ihoro was a largo attendance at Fleming ton, nud Bargo ruled ftivourito for tho coveted trophy up to tho start. Another How ?n-as, howover, to bo dealt to tho un fortunate backers, and when thby saw Bufus oomo sailing homo a somowhat easy winnor, . followed by David, and Bargo toiling in the rear, their -wrath must havo beon painful to %?itncss. First and second again, both outsiders. IThis was a rare start for tho woolt's racing, fthd no wonder it paralysed the betting on tho Cup. Bargo ivas looked upon as little short of a certainty, and peoplo had backed him accordingly. He, however, seemed to tiro away to nothing all at once, for Hales was riding him easy the greater part of tho distance. Tho winner is a bay colt 'by King of the King — Princess Alice, and is owned by Mr. .11. Jacobs. The Maribyrnong Hate, run the snmeday, waswonbyNowstead, Monte Christo second, and Bimildn third. Tho Winner started at tho fair prico of 8 to 1, and Won ensily for the Adelaide division. Melodious Started first fuvourito, but the winner was heavily backed, and the ling must have been 3md for a pretty good sum over it. Favo won tho Hotham Handicap, whilst that Stirling horse Malua had no difficulty in adding the Mel bourne Stakes to his credit. . On Tueffilay the grent Cup race was ran for, Bnd I hear from a correspondent that the crowd vraB tho largest on record, about 120,000 being present. The weather was exceed ingly fine but hot, and tho racing good. Since I last wrote various changes took place in tho betting, and Malua was elevated to tho position of favourite, whilst Commotion was backed for a lot of monoy. In Tuesday's Xelegraph I stated that the winner was likely id «nmfi from TTjiKf.iiin-s 'Pljmsililn 'ATuliin. ctv Off Colour, but I ccrtimily thought at the timo that Plausible would about win. Still it was not a bad selection, as Malua won, Plausible %as third, and Hastings close up fourth. Tho race was run at a clinking pace. When they came round the tiu-n for homo Plunger led at a rattling pace, evi dently making the running for Hilltop, ?who was closo behind. When fairly in the Straight Commotion assumed the lead, fol . lowed by Plausible. A regular howl broko from the crowd as tho old horae forgod ahead, ? and ho was going eo well that the race looked As good as over. Hastings was making desperate efforts to catch tho leaders. Bargo, Vergy, Hilltop, and Broker were done with, and the shout of 'Commotion wins!' came from tho crowd. But there was another 'Bichmond in the field,' as Malua came sweeping along on the outside full of running. The pace was a burster, and breathless silence reigned as tho bay came lunging along, over hauling tho leaders. Now he got level, and in another instant had passed them lileo n flash. 'Malua wins!' was now theory, but .old Commotion camo again and got up to the leader's girths. He could not, however, head Inglis's horse, who won smidst the greatest exoitement, by half a length from Commotion, Plausible third, Hastings fourth. Tho great raco wns over, and the exoitement cooled down Somewhat. There will be a heavy settling over Mttlua, for ho was backed for a pile of money : and it is satisfactory to note a f avourito getting home at last. The first three horsc3 ?were all well backed, and Hastings van a close race for favouritism in tho betting market, at tho finish with Malua. The victory of such a sterling good horso as Malua . could not be other than well ? received. * As almost everyone knows, ho is by St. Albans— Edella, and owned by Mr. J. 0. -Inglis. Ho won tho Newmarket Handicap ?Wth S.st. 7 Ib3., beating Le Grand, 8 st. 10 lbs., »hd Claptrap, 7st. 121b3. Ho also won tho -Oakleigh Handicap, with 9 st. 7 tt»., at tho Caulfleld March Meeting, and tho Adelaide ; Cup, carrying 0 st. I hear there aro one or two pretty good winners over him in Brisbane, ? '?JO here's to them, and may they onjoy tho spoil ?Vjf the Islunaelites. .?*,. To-day and Monday our Q.T.C. meeting iakes placo, and there will bo a rare gathering tfloual .sportsmen at Eagle Farm to boo the /sort. There should be some good racing and iiir fields, and although all cannot bo winners, l nope tliero wm uo no very Jieavy losers. c Brown, Jones, and Itobinson,' want to know what's going to win? Those three gentlemen * will endeavour to enlighten upon tho subject. 3irst, for tho Publican's Purse, run to-day, * tho lot left in Latona has boen doing £-od work, and with G st. 12 lbs. should finish i* tho first flight. Petronel, 7 st. 2 lbs., I . h]ve a great fancy for, and I should say ono of fctwo will bo successful. Tho Police of 'Wiles Cup looks a good thing for Elsmoreor Pironel. CoriiithianStakes : Hubortor Giroflo. ? Hfcclle.Kace : Drummer. Flying Handicap : ' MrJost's best. Selling -10 Sovs. Kaco : Ade laid. Dei-by : Ormond. Muiden Plate : Ke meiibrmiue. Selling Raco 50 sovs. : Kate Keaney. Totalisator Stakes : Modusa or Proton. A!'' tho Sheepshead Bay Fall Meeting, Ameica, Mr. ? P. Lorillard's bay gelding, Dials' Carter, aged 1 years, carrying 8 st. 3 lbs, i-an tho three miles iii tho Autumn Cup in 6 miiutes 21 seconds, winmug easily by eight lengliB. Drake Carter is considered tho best Iong-listanco horae in America. At the same meefcig, Messrs. Dwyer Brothers' MisaWood fprd,l yonrs, carrying 8 st. 3 lbs., beat oiglit other over 7 furlong's in 1 minute 28 J seconds, . ..wbiol in very good going. On tho second 'dny ' of tb meet Jfr. P. Lorillard's Aranza, 6 years, \witJi7 st. 12 lbs. up, dia tho mile in 1 Bainito 41 seoonils. Aranza seems to be . impnving at this rate, for when in England Bhe-xrald not win a big raco witti a postage Btenp on her bnok. ' I x': two- day midsummer meeting has been ' arflngod by tho Gympio Turf Club, to take pboe^on tho 26th' and 27th of December. ^Qf ,ero aro fivo events for eaoh day, the prizes -.' o^ared.by tho club being £300. Tho follo^-ing 'as the rafios narticularisod : — First dav : Flv v'i^f Handicap of £20 ; Chvistmas Handicap of : llpp^'li mile; Hack Raco of £10; Selling ! Jlacoof £20; and half mile spin (handicap) V W ? ' £20. Second day : Minors' Purse of £20 tnd silver oup; Grand Stand Handicap of ! .S50, 1£ , mile ; Hack Raco of £10;Liuliea' ?. |Jraoolot (two prizes valued at £20 and £10) ; :;r-uid Farewell handicap of £20. i'-F I have received a programme of tho Northern ? ?'jjewnfl . Jockey Club Christmas, meoting, to ;-|o held on tho 20th and. 27th Docember. Iniere aro five races on tho first day, viz.: — ?;ilaiaen Plate, of 15 sova., ivith a sweop of 10s. ? ; tor' Bccond horso ; Stockman's Purso ; Flying \- Sandioap, of 20 sovs. ; SolUng Stakes, and the -''Hurry Scurry. Tho second day: HuulcEaco, iv.'VjJeleotor's Purse; Christmas Handicap, of 30 :--UfVB'. ; Publioan's Purso, Hujry Souny, and ? 'Forced Handicap. 5Iv. J. S. Jesaop, is judge ; '??'. itarter, jSIr. J. Carmody ; olork of the coiu-se, r.-Jb. P. F. Bpdhin ; elork of tlio scalos, Mr. J. .vCbni'oy ; acting secretary, Homy Ialor. Tho J Meeting should bo a success. ?::i'-Tho Sydney Mail says: — 'Tlio trainers at f'Flemington aro up in arms against tho touting :?'; fratomty. Notlung escupos thoir lynx eyes. ''?? It is' not tho newspaper watcher which the VVirainer objects to. ' It is the professional tout ^employed by certain boolanalrera, who, when ' tiiey find out an untried horso doiug woll at his , -vrm\i, quiokly tako up all tho money in tho ';\ bottiiig market tit liberal prices, with an idea }:,:'vi laying it off when tho horso is backed by its vi,'owricr and friends at a shorter prico. It is this ' 'foreatalliny which has caused owners oi horses ''/ ,ih their vexation to soratoli them rather Oinn ;? r; '.'thesb very clover peoplo should have tho benefit \- (. of much patient labour and the oxpondituro of ??'?'?; a largo amount of money in purchasing high priced yearlings.' Tho trainers of Englund :'...? havo long boen at war with the touts, and no ?'. -wonder, for some reports wired. away by so ? ;.'.'. .oiilleil , ' turf tipsters' nvo of tho most iib.-nird 'and imprabablo land. ' llio tout is looked upon ''?► ? nsa (lespioablo oharaotor, and in many cases I - ? tho viow talcon is tbo corroot one. l\ '?$ Messrs. W.'.C; Tuillo hold an auction 'snlo i;;;of'thoiwighbrctls on Fridaj-, 31st Ootobor, S :M.' 'at Nownmrltet, the' oataloguo insliid'Tt1? +!'i m. : '.Torrora yeal'lihga. ?' Tho'Jpiok of tho-lntter Svas M. I n ohostnut . colt by Hobinaon Crusoo, out of $|f ? Cpcoajir.t, mid :full --brother! to Navji'atnr niid 5|? 'Copra, oJlO.Se'.vA^ s'«:v.v-:;].1-'j. HwV.'J.. Whit:' JforSOO guineas. A bluok colt Vy EobiiiBon Crusoe out of Giovanni was soid for DUO guinoas to Mr. T. Lomond, and a buy colt by Piscator out of BagpioVor, to .Mr. J . Munduy for 300 guinoas. Tho other yearlings that we;o sold inoluded a browa colt by Eobin.son Cnisoo out of Cracker, for 220 guineas to Mr. C. B. Fisher; a bay filly by Grand Prix out of Kernel, to Mr. Fisher, for 230 guineas; and n. bay filly by Robinson Cnisoo out of Lady Spec, to Mr. J. G. Reid, for 230 guineas. On account of Mr. S. Gardner, somo horses in training were offered, but all were passed in except one — Cinoinnatus — which was afterwards sold privately to Mr. Robertson for 300 guineas. Tho racing stud of Messrs. J. Wilson and W. Branch was disposed of to terminate tlio partnership. Of this lot Bonno Fortuno was sold for 100 guineas to Mr. D. M. Robertson ; Silver King, to Mr. J. Wilson, for 500 guineas : and Off Colour, at 1,000 guineas, to Mr. J. Wilson, jun. Foambell, a brood mare, was sold for 200 guinoas to Mr. H. Phillips, and Pilgrimago for 210 guinoas to Mr. T. Wilmn. Mi;. W. A. Long, of Grand Flaneur fnmo, has just scored a second victory in tho old country with his filly, Damo Agues, this daughter of Hermit and Belle Agues having last week won tho Great Saplings oi' £1,000 on tho aristocratic Sundown course. About three weoks sinco it was mentioned in this column that our spirited Sydney sportsman had landed tho valuable Champion Nursery Handicap, at Kempton Park, with tho same promising youngster, and thore is no doubt but he would have given tho English ring 'a facer,' had ho been at homo to back her. Sinco Mr. AV. Long loft England he has had -much butter luck than when ho was there. His losses over Tonans, a sterling good nniinnl, must havo been largo, and it was a curious fact that this lmi'se should go and win tho Liireoliisliive Handicap this year, it being his ' first timo of asking' after becoming tlio property of Mv. J. '\V. Smith. 'Captain Machell is becomingmoro unpopular every uay, and his ridiculous objection agauist Lambkin has been severely criticised. To begin with, he had no status as cither owner, trainer, or rider, and an objecticm emanating from him had no right to bo entertained. Mv/H. F. C. Vyner, tho breeder, was in notoriously ill health at tho timo of tho nomination, and has sinco died, and it was to moot ±ho difficulty that tho entry was made l-y his brother. Rightly or wrongly, Captain Mcchell mnny yenra ago no quired the reputation of being the shrewdest of tho shrewd, and, as leader to the young owners, has always contrived to got along swimmingly himself, oven when his_ charges beat rotroats. Any cunning which Ids right hand may have onco possessed it has evidently now forgotten, and a bigger series of mistakes than ho has made this yeav alone it ia almost impossible to imagine. The Derby itself, tho Royal Hunt Cup at Ascot, and tlio Stewards' Cup at Goodwood, all vorify this statement, and now tho St. Logcr worse and more worse. Two horses backed at 1 1 to 2 each, and another at 100 to S, and not one in tho first three. This may be clever, but I cannot seo it. Tho days of mystery aro past, and it is pure folly whon you havo two horses in a raco to back both .' ' The above is from the English correspondent of the Melbourne Leader. It is a pity such a first-class journal cannot find a bettor correspondent than the gentleman who signs himself 'Hudibras,' and dates from Ayr. Tho italics aro mine. I happen to know Cap. tain Machell, and can say that ho is a thorough sportsman every inch of him. Ho had a perfect right to make his objection if ho had good grounds for it, which I have no doubt in my own mind that ho thought ho had. With regard to tho last part of the paragraph, I think Captain Machell has had qnite enough experience on tho turf to know what ho is about 'without cnlling in tho assistance of ' Hudibras' or anyono else from Ayr. Mr. TV. G. Jackson, tlio late Secretary of the Rockhampton Jockey Club, has been presented with a handsome gold keyless Waltham watoh, with a gold albert chain and emblematical trinket attached, as a mark of the esteem in which ho was held by all racing men. j The Queensland mare Adamantea lias gone into Mr. TV. Kolso's stable, whero she will be trained for all hor f uturo engagements. It is also said Tho Golden Butterfly, by Tubnl Cain from Calumny, has been placed under tho charge of Mr. T. Lamond. Tho residents of TVatawa. have decided to have Christmas races, which will tako place on the 26th December. Tliero are no less than eight events to bo run for. A match between Mr. Linstrom's Happy Jack and Mr. Fowler's Peeping Tom for £5 a-side, 1^ miles, 12 at. up, came off on tlio short course, Clormont, on Thursday last. Happy Jack won easily. The Maitland racecourse hwring been pur chased by tho Government as a recreation ground for tho town will bo handed over to the Municipal Council. The Northern Jockey Club has received notice to give up possession at onco. Several foot-races took place at North Rock hampton on Saturday .afternoon, the 18th October, whioh attracted a largo number of spectators. The first race was between Neil Cunovan and J. Goddord, 200 yards, Goadard getting a start of fivo yards. Tlio competitors jot away on pretty even terms. Uoddarcl hold his own for about 50 yards, whon Canovan began to slowly gain on him. Both men were lovel when about half the distance was covered, after which Canovan weut to the front, and despite all his opponent's efforts won comfortably by three or four yards, look ing over h'is shoulder. Tlio next event was n 150 yards raco between R. Williams and H. Harris. Williams took the lea'd whon tho pistol was fired, Harris boing a couple of feet beliind. This position was maintained to tho end, Harris failing to make the spurt expected of him. The next eompetitorsto appear at tho scratch were J. Fulton and J. Wall, 100 yards, Fulton getting a start of three yards in tlio distance. A very satisfactory start was made. Wall quiokly pulled up a portion of tho conceded start, but Fulton nover let him got on terms with him, and after a great strugglo Fulton won by over a yard. They htivo been smashing tho records in Amorica of late. Reforring to some wonderful sprinting, tho Hfew York Sportsman says: — 'Over 3,000 peoplo crowdedinto Exposition Park, Pittsburg, on August 18, to witness tho annual sprinters' tournament, tho entries for which included tho name3of Fred Stone, Quirk, Rodgers, Kettleman, Johnson, and other run ling celebrities. Tlio event was of snffioiont niportanco to attract sporting men from Now fork, Boston, Philadelphia, &o.;, who woro imply repaid by seeing somo of tho most ro narkablo performances on record. In both syents oven timo was accomplished. In the third lieat of the hundred Fred Stone ran the distanoo in 10 seconds, which wasthorecognisod American record of timo previous to Saturday, August 16, whon H. M. Johnson, at Pastimo Park, accom plished tho marvellous feat of going tho dis tance in 9J seconds, thus lowering tho figures. Kottleman, tho winner of the 125-yard run, covered that distance in 12J- seconds, whioh equals tho best on record. Another trioyclo feat has beon performed that placo.s any previous attempt in the shade. Mr. TV. F. Sutton arrived at Edinburgh on Satur day, 15th September, having riddon from London in two days ninehours and fivo minutes, against north-east winds und fourtoon hours of rain. By advices just to hand it seems that Mr. R. H. English has jubt succeoded, in a 15 mile race, in boating all previous records fron two miles up ; and, continuing on, beat overything up to 20 miles, which ho roilo in tho lniirvellons tiino of 59 mina. G 3/5 sees. Appended is a list of tho records scorod : — '?- Rato por £ Btto por 3 Mluntoa. Milo. g Mlnulos. Mile. a Mlnutoa. 3 Minuton. 1 2.42 . 2 48 v ' U 'alM)'! 57 2 S 3J M 8 50 26 14 85 15 , 2 55 3-5 3 8 33 a.OS-5 13 38.1G 31. \+ II 33 SO U 41.21! 3.10 5 M.S3 2.5 3 02-5 IS -U.29 3.5 3 8 3-5 -! K.SflS.5 3.01-5 16 47 2(1 2 5'l2-5 7 20 SO 2.67 2-5 17 50 22 2 50 ' ' 8 '2U 28 4-5 8 581-5 18 63.20 2 53 ? 9 2«22l'.5 2 5335 10 5G 15 a 55 M) ? 2U 19 3-5 2 67 20 50.0 3 5 2.51 3-5 Hiding tlus hour out, ho completed 20 miles 5G0 yards, whon tho pistol firod. ? ? ? A bioyclo- club has at Jifst been formed at Nowuustlc, and has every appearanco of do velbjvng into a powerful olub. Having soon u oiij.ital traok tho wheelmen of that city p'Piv!u!i uliortly to show Sydnoy won how to ?-?move.' ?'..-'??' Hero's an outsider's opinion of tho. Brisbane' Regatta, taken from the Town and Country .'orrmil :— 'Thu jittigvaumio of tho Brisbane regatta; December 10. seems to be comprehon Kiye, (KuloortnhilyoonipiircBVory favourably with anything wo havo hero in tho way of a rowing regatta. Tho events aro : — Junior pairs, junior four.-), junior double scull3, souior fourj, .senior pairs, oluimpioii fours, maiden four*, maiden double sindls, muiden sculls (outriggers), tionior sculls in ^ outriggers, all-coniers in outriggers, ship's gigs, youths under 16 ye.ars of ago, youths under 20 years pulling four oars, nnd thrco sailing events. In tho ohampion fours, for tho championship of Queensland-, tho oom mitteo oft'or prizes of the value of £100 if a crow or orows, from tho othor colonios compote. Tho other conditions are, best boats, courso 3 miles. Tlio joint hon. pecs, aro R. H. Lawson and 3. Dovoy.' Things worth knowing : That £8,000 was tho prico paid Mr. Vandorbilt for tho trotting maro Maud S. That Mr. Borniei', a rich Now Yorker, was tho purchaser. That TimewcU has returned to Sydnoy, That Charlie Archer will soon bo back again at Newmarket. That Capitulator is in training for tho Q.T.C. Han dicap. That tho English orioketors nro making a fair start at Adolaide. That tho Palmer Rivor J.C. has jrivon up the ghost. That Norfolk was purchased by Mr. J. Haimes on tho morning of tho Caulfield Cup. That Latona is likely to turn out tho crack 3-year-old of Queensland. That Rufus won tho Derby, and that somo folks wist ho hadn't. That Townsvillo Turf Club hold a, meoting on Princo of Wales's birthday. That there will bo glorious crowd at our races on Saturday and Monday. That winners and losers will both enjoy themselves, the former especially. 