CENTRAL WARREGO RACING CLUB. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] CHARLEVILLE, June 17. The Central Warrego Racing Club held a meet successful meeting on the 13th and 14th. Notwithstanding the late drought a very fair [?]r of country people came in, though it mam be confaestd that aome notable exception* to thh made their absence remarkable. The Mr wx were chiefly Chaiieville ekanwi too, •fceagh some from the district, a few only mamgh ia comparison with but yew. Kneed the eeeae. The dab bad made some much needed improvements in the architectural line, ♦hint* we an* Mill yield the palm in the —ttor of a grand-stand to distant Cnnnamiilla, mm which place, though, we can crow a little bit, as they wan forced to forego racing this MRpas, owing to the bad tinea, of coarse. Tmaiyears meeting ia chiefly remarkable for the exeellenee of some of the horses that emßaed BBfttaoloarad clothing; Adiidomos, m*a Wiim. whn reirrinrl nil thnrijtnglfaiiiiirnr s» great style, in pvticoUr. Be k certainly a grand hone ac yet—jodgiag by his per* ■■■■■in this tine, far off the etage Mfjagoas to decrepit age with oa> Hie ap psjejnoce was in every respect grand and worthy of a much larger arena in the way of attendance. A protest, on the score, I heir, of his previous puifuiiaanma not having heea made known in their entirety to the dub, was lodged on settling day, bat dismimH very riftßUrV the committee with the forfeiture of the B& lodged. His heating Lean, the local •nek, in the lying Hand imp made everyone earmia he would do the^maeTa the big handi eat of Mxt «■* *nd holders of him for the dedble were as blithe ac bees in consequence, bat alas for the uncertainty of human aspira ttaaa at far at concerns these to all appearance favourites of fortune, for in this the great race Lean fully justified the admiration of his haeken by managing to finish hah* a length ahead of hu older rival. For the but tbree %aartara of a mile nearly they were neck and ■ask though, and a more exciting race I never saw. The wildest onthiuiasm prevailed on Lean's green and gold thus doing the trick. Mr. Braphy, the popular owner, our only sawtiag Boniface, almost had his hand shaken eft, and mast have also suffered subsequently in Mm dorsal regions, so many a clap did he receive alike post being reached. Indeed the general ■■iaYim tbathe thoroughly deserved this vie a and addition to his already conspicuous ia matters "honey." The metaUicians lamnl heavily by this feat of Leon's, nod a a ihagiinml nlsttr anenstd oae rued the I day, no doubt. The renk-and file of thai highly important town, though, were Jabi lamtlmmeal at the outcome of the trial, and the sam* atdato and unswerving from the paths of ■wttrnma even caught the general infection. Lean was the verse for many a sermon, and sab/ awaits the looatneet's tribute to be re •jewasd in deed in warrego annah. About lift passed throagh the tomliaator, which wan tm of the dab. The dab'a hon. secretary, Mr. H. A. Flower, was aa nanal indentigable, •mi, I waa glad to see, appeared completely re •tared to health. He goea away for six weeks •r so in search of complete recuperation up Yerth to-morrow, Mr. Ball relieving him from hm Q.N.B. duties. The judge—Mr. A. B. Jaaea,of Bvora and Nive Junction —performed km part moat exrelkmtly abn. The very first ma* was the one. and the only one, that called •or an extra amcuntof judgment; Mr. T. A. Braam't Beeoveo and Mr. K. Bradloy'a Lady Mampden coming in a dead beat Gentleman •Man, weights not less thanUrt., amply justify the term noveL But the affair can hardly be ••mamered a aucceaaful one, aa there were onl> three entries, though the notion wa« entered into enthusiastically at first. However, they all, except thia dauntless three, preferred to aw their £3 and have done with it. Mr. W. w. Hood, of Burenda, initiate the race—a faamwa in the Warrnambool meeting—and it really aeema a pity the thing hung fire so. Pmmnr, Mr. Brodie, to ride to well, and, as it taraed out, so aucoemfully! Kqually would I mad Messrs. E. Bradlcv and W. A. Farrier, who rode Orlando with the judgment maaaaialili from his jockcyship, but hia »tcod hadn't it in him quite to wrest victory from grand old Recovery or that star of marcs Lady Haapden. Orlando, though, came ont atrong hi the Corinthian, which race ho took in fine •tyla, Mr. Ferrier ahowing himself a jock« 7 in the sense of the word required, as all confcwccl. Thai gentleman at the club dinner al*o added aaaraaously to the gaiety by his rxccllmt vocal gifts and piano accompaniment*. Itcin? i<» MrfKtly anaamimingand gentlemanly, his con «aot oa that ocnaaion Mly crowned lii.t i>rc viom In the Prince of Walt's Stakes Mr. James Boyd, for, aa the committee tloviilrd. an obvious cane of "pnllintr," *w di->qtialiti(-<l from ranninc at this pbwe for a yrar : an<l a good deal of wonderment wtw i«ti>n"«'w«l 1»y aome at l-ady Hampden's l>oin<; xfratchetl for the bi? ran>, though I think ntytolf »\w hadn't fie ghost of a show ha<l n\w fai'i>d tho mnn with the red tlaL'. Tho lint ran- of the lir f day THK -"I. K\\.K. a ! 4VVP»|HI«U-«-« •••' *;!■' •«<li from Hiurtt'r.H. Imit I'nrfiii v i! •-l.ir I ni;.-hi ■•: Sjenrrnl i-mry : I niiti-: •■urrviu-x n-n lf-»iluii 11-:.; OWMTi tiu. -I'liK.ol Witli lti»i h-i-'llict-..1 Mr. E. HMilley* »».««. l.i-l> H.i;njilt«:. ;y<;ir- ■ ■fr. T. A. »r«i lii • !:• --1.-.. .-■■. UiC- ! . . 'I Mr. W. A. KtT.-i.Tt ((rl.in I.i ;t Orlando went ahrad mid k«'|>t r"> f<<r about half way, when Kernvrry pnllrd him. doaaty followed hy the mare, hrtwirn which two it »ac a neck and neck affair from that ont MiHW PfcATlß* of sm^Wtsh ajSSESOJ^ef a» Mb Wv*MTWW«aMl«^«ltiMdHtee/IMMthMI 120 at time of entrance; distanro. I) mile: weight for age Mr.T. A. Brodic's Alsatian. 4 years. M. Mb... 1 Mr. O. A. Ward's Überstar. i yean. 9*t. .. 2 Mr. K. W. Peyton'* Kosebad, 6 year*, 9st. .. S The Hive Downs horse gave hu competitor* the go-by in line style, winning with ease. Pmxce ok Walks Stakks of 415; weight for aim; I mile und a distance; winner to bo sold for 4»; Tib. allowed for each reduction of £3 In soil ia« price; •orpinsfor clnb funds. Mr. J. Cad«m'sTaaso.aKcd Hat. 131b. .. ..I Mr. J. Boyd's Unknown, ascd, (M. 131b... . 1 Mr. J. A. Lloyd's Klrst Flight, a«ed. Bst. 131b,.. 3 Taaao and Unknosm mob parted company with the other hone, and the former a* the post was Ant, bat m it wm considered that rather over much craft had been displayed by the ostensibly second bone's rider the die qualification penalty, as before remarked, was subsequently laid on that individual. Flyiwo Hakdicai- of CM, with a sweep of 42 each from starters for second hone; distance 1} Mr. J. lade's Adjidomo. axed. SstSb. .. .. 1 Mr.J. Oner's Leon. •yean. Use flb. .. .. 2 Mr. W. Ferricra emulation, 6yean. Sat. 19b... 3 Nine went off at Mr. Green, the starter's, flag wave. Emulation stretching away in noble fashion worthy the name, bat about half-way was forced to give place to chestnut Leon, with Ajidosoo hanging on his quarter. A grand race then ensued between Ajidomo and tho local favourite, neck and neck till the finish, when the former came in a winner by almost a length. Time, 2min. 17sec CoKiimitAX Rack, for a piece of plate, value 490\. with a sweep of £1 each from starters for second bone; welter weight for an: distance It mile; for all hones the Innd Jide property of members of the club for three months prior to date of entry: owners and riders to be club mem ben of this club only of at least three months' sUadias- Mr. J. W. Brooby's Little King. 6 yean. MM. 131b. 1 Mr.W. A. Ferrlera Orlando, aged. lOat Mb... 2 Mr. T. A. Brodie's Yetroan. aged. 10s*. 131b. .. 3 Only three started. Orlando and Yetanan at irst led in order named. Little King, how ever, soon asserted himself, and his rider, Mr. J. A. Lloyd, managed to win a very exciting race from Orlando by a neck ; Authoringa's managsr receiving quite an ovation in eonse queaee. Town Plate of 4M. with a sweep of 41 each from startanforsooond hone; dtstanne. 1| mils; M^.Sndi»^AdjldomoaaU>Bssex>.aged,i»t. 1 Mr. J. Oner's Leon. 0 yean. Sit. S Mr. T. A. Brodie's Recovery, asjed. M. Mb. .. 3 Another affair of three. Recovery's red and black at first seemed to be going to do it, but that impression was soon dispelled, as it be came evident that the rivals were going to decide the matter. Leon, at the half-mile, was fint, with the foreign-named one gradually diminishing the distance that had been be tween them, and at the straight this notto-bc denied game animal flew by, winning a very dose race—for his antagonist responded to his jockey nobly at the last struggle—by not more than a length. Bb<*oitd Day. HAKDICAT HURDUC RAO« of 410 With a sweep of 49 each from starten for sooond hone; 2 mUes: ton flights of hurdles 3ft. 61a. Only one, Mr. RBradley's Empress, appeared at the post, consequently was declared winner. Mnaaaats' Weltkr HAiroicAr. for piece of plate value 48. 11 mil*. Conditions idea- Seal with those of the Corinthian. Mr. W. A. rerrier-s Orlando, aged. list. lib. .. 1 Mr. J. Brophy's Little King, 0 years, list flo, 3 Yatman was scratched. A close nee; but Orlando recovered his lost laurels, notwith standing the very creditable performance of his previously vanquished antagonist, winning by nearly a length. A Hack Rack of 419: for horses that had never .previously fone for other than thai descrip tion ofrace: 1 mile; Mat. Mr. Band's Playboy 1 Mr. W. Lsadbetter'n Keepsake 3 Mr. T. A. Brodie's Flirt S Keepsake at first, as at the straight, led. Flirt having about half-way been for the nonce in this enviable position. But Mr. M. Roberts settled another very close race at the post, winning by half-a-length. Ciubxkvillk Handicap of 4Uf, with a sweep of £3 each from starters for second hons; Z miles: wmnenof any handicap of 4M after declaring; weiuhu to carry a penalty of 5 b.; of £100 or over. 71h., not accumulative. Mr. J. (Jrccr's Lynn .. I Mr. J. Ingle's Adjidomo .. .. .. i Mr. T. A. Brodie's Recovery 3 Seven faced the flag. Lady Hampden having been scratched. Emulation went ahead lint, with Mayflower at his hoels, then Mr. Ward's Ketticbrcek* seemed to be really the don for this blue ribbon, as he raced leading tho other* in a now very strasirlinu tail behind him, with Leon and Adjidomo on very close neighing term*. Half way Adjidomo quenched tho Scotchman* ambition, and old Recovery Mcmedthcn to he meaning it for a brief sjiaco; at the but half mile, however, it became a neck and neck affair with Leon and Adjidomo, they keeping it up to the hitter end, when Leon headed by half a length. Time, .Imin. 4.*^ we. Cowsolatiox Stakes, £10. with 41 sweep ; 1} mile. Mr. It Peyton's Rosebud 1 Mr. C». A. Wards Liberator .. ..2 Mr. J. A. Lloyd's First Flight .. ..3 Konebud finished a very animating race by a length. On the tirst night of the rarcs a very good Hospital Ball, owing to tho praiseworthy exer tions of Mr. C. .1. Leeson and others, wan held. The Victoria Hall, by many fair hands, hail been turned into a fairyland of greenery ami flower* of itransc hues, and everything went off to admiration. The toilette* weir rirh in tlu* extreme, the raiuic excellent, and Charle villc ast lavish as ever in its display of beauty. A race dinner suitably finished the urcnmt day* raring. The club 4>n<i with a crvdit lolance of CV), uml, con*t<}f>rinz tho cxpenm tliey have l>een jmt to, this must be voted a dr-«iral>le consummation. 