ilMorr . ^ Moolcliari's Wake. Is it the healtli ye're askin' for? If O'ive -flnyleft afther toastin' it';away all night at Hoblehan's wake O'im lucky. .-" The- widay tnk""IIo"oiehan's death very mnch' at-heart 'an' kept hellowin' an' screechin' louder than Mickarty's prize pig at Balleyvarney-iair.-irom-mornin' till- nigbt. de= tarmihea t6.quiet : her-some -way;': an' .Mike McGinniss goes up to her and sez he, ' Don't mind,/iWinny—exepaeme, I /manevMis. Hooleha,n-i-but J don'£-fre"i;.aHher --Dinnjs any more, for whinthetwelve months is over O'ill marry jiz meseilf'.'; ;;3' VT'd K 1- " Oh, 'ilie;;patty craythur, but how she ohanged; all av a suddint 1 She had a loife- ®ize picther avHoolehan down to the showl- "dervs-weepin'.; oyer it, but rism' and droppin' ;it.from_her lap onto the sofy, ; she'wiped her 'eyes wid the corner av her apron, and BOX Ehe, ' Will ye"hSve hot watherin yure whisky, :.MMther;MrcGinniss, .or take it in its nachiiral ' /"MiBther McGinniss preferred havin' the 'hpt.5wather,' an'-while Mrs; Hoolehan was in 'feStShen/jettin!:3 it vre medarrangemints 0 ieephor in go(od humor, for lier carryins "SS before tuk -aU the loif e and spirit out av The flure was cleared, an' by the time . kem.back.We;vjere ready for a brake-down, but Winny;clapped the punch on the table' and-threw up her hands in holyhorror. WayijeiriyennCethemimory-av-ine.'not>r'dead i -hueband ?' Ochl wo all -thought, she was goin' to bawl-olit ®^;|^Mp[ikg.;McGirims whispered a few word in her ear and: pinched tier on Ae arrum, an' afther takin' her into the | J^in'-ropmran' gian', her some blarney she . ;kem ;;:outM;TVfllin' '-an'-- Bmilin'. So we sirit" little /immy Boach off for the fiddle. He's ilwaj's up to Borne plaguey,. thrick.; It tuk all wmt to supper, He 7 watched us„jjutside the, wmt to supper he stole in an got under the same state with the-corpse -thonght .-it • ;was one av Jimmy's ould thriqkBj to'fool'ua /'out av our dance, an' we detarmmed/hot io-'let him have the best av SKfP.#cGii^s ,ian' meself got upon the dancm' away while aU theminSpriBmt'kesl t whiBilin' whistlin' 'The wind A..i that whin, behold you I the we thought, sat bolt upright..under it, an' ma voice ixactly Uke as could be, • How *" " " Howfdate m " h n H ."Whatdid "wedo ? Well, Oi've stTCT ffimb'fSn^STav^McGrinriissS; h'airBtaii3-- i re ' ind,-his eyes startin' from their aockBiI bis . mouth big enough to jump doW;!!?" me, ;an : I won't marry any one but JL> K aU.stood like statues, an' not waaavmi^ the courage to move till the wind bw oten the.dure an' put out the light. • " Thin was the scramblin' an' shnflr . Jimmy, fav coorse, jumped down and last wan an' thm another, an' beins' aT strong; bye,, his , pinches were no 10111 matter. ' ' '• • " Now, O'im a very,, gallant man tn ti, leddiesj an', always willin to sacrifice for their purty sakes whin any nacharal gerjpresints itself, but whin it comes toT Supernachural Oi till ye what, me W t V, , |i|<1111 out for my own akin. t "IWhiat-waB themdav it? Well the for me was'this: Whin the light was nnf „. an'OUikeallthe rest, thought Db at-meh»ela,J'pnt tor borne wid a spade whi h ud shame the aigles av the air. Me fateharS seemed to touch the ground, as I wint cobblestones an' ditches more loike a biidthf man. Two peliccmen Sev cbase to me oired shots at me, but they conldn't o'atnh e. Me sowl was bint on runnin' an' to ell .the truth, Oi don't belave Oi conld'« topped if Oi'd tried. Oi ought to mintim ere that Oi had 01. white cordnrov breech™ n' as Oi took aff me coat before berinnin' tn ance wid McGinnias, Oi presided anite ^ nare.spectacle. To give ye an instance av he flight wid which Oi flew, let me tell ~ hat the Sari Jose freight train wascomin'in n' me pathfor two blocks lay alongaHe a; he track, but Oi kept pace with the iiaine flu long, an' from the pale scared face av the ngineer, I think he must have tuk me for a ghost mesilf." BUMBLE BEE. 