Publiahed Every Friday. FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 15,1884. Ir the terrible and disastrous losses to which the country has of late been sub. jotted, owing to the scarcity of labour to gather in, at tho proper time, one of tho most bountiful harvests ever vouch. safed to this country, do not have the ell'oot of opening the eyes of our peoplo to the narrowaminded, suicidal policy wiioh denies to our farmers that sup ply of labour sullciuont to curry on their Iursuits successfully, then we are boundl to frankly admint that we despalr of ay tiling that will lnave the desired efllct. Thin is no sentimental theory about which, their may be a diversity of opinion ; we are dealing now with fiats, hard, unploesant facts. From all parts of the countly corles the same story, "Can't got men to gather in the har vest at any price." One omana reports, " I have two machlines, but only one is employed, the other is idle for want of hands to work it;" and again, " The yield in this district is splendid, but the corn Is shedding everywhere for want of hands to tend the machines" Now, what doea this ueanl Why, it meais serious injury--in some cases total ruin-to the struggling selector, and grapd loss of capital to the country. "'ia true the weather since the New Year has been exceptional, the clouds have poured out their treasures with no unatiated hand, which, while re j6irig"the heIsarts of the grasibrs, mu'st have brought dismay to those of our farmers who were not fortunate enough to have their stacks properly secured, or, worse still, were compelled to look upon their thickly standing sheaves of splendid grain saturated day after day with pouring rain, till it has been re duced to a state only fit for the manure heap; yet the fact remains that, had labour been available, oven at any cost, the greater portion of these crops could, and would have been properly saved. Surely thia is rather rough on the farmer, and equally so this is far from being a healthy state of affairs. Writing now from a full view of this matter in all its surroundings, with a complete knowledge of all the facts, in all their bearings, in all their relations, we feel reluctantly compelled to admit that of all classes the most haiirdly dealt with, the most: long suflbring, patient, and enduring is the farmer. In fact he carries his patience to a point beyond which it ceases to be a virtue. Hie knows he is wronged, deeply wronged by iniquitous laws which deprive him against his will of one half of his hardly earned profita ; he knows he is far too handicapped 'to have the ghost of a chance with outside competition, but yet he meekly submits-grumbles a little it may be-but makes no effort, at,least, no combined effbrt, to free himself from the operation of those fiscal laws which irecr slling all the heart and life out of him; laws which, outside of our own little colony and its political wiseacres, are considered as opposed to all principles of political economy, are, in point of fact, non-op erative, and would be liouted with contempt by any Australian community but our own. Taxed for his eatables, taxed for his drinkables, taxed for his wearables, with every article, tool, or machline; his reaper, crusher, thrasher, chatcutter, harrow, even the very plough with which he breaks up his land, heavily taxed, is it any wonder we so often hear the complaint "farm ing don't pay 1" Of course it don't pay, and never will pay so long as the industry is so crushingly overburdened, so long as pernicious laws compel the farmer to pay from 20 to 40 per cent. more for his implements than he ought in justice to pay, in order that the city manufiacturer may fatten and got wealthy-whioh, with all the nursing and boulstering which Is, gets, fails to do-in order that the tradesman of Col lingwood may obtain exorbitant wages, live on the fat of the land, diotate his own terms to his employer, boast and swagger about generally, and look with feelings of supreme contempt upon all and sundry who dare to diffir with him upon his pet chosee-proteotion. Now, it is easy enough to find fault, indeed it is not a difftlicult task to dig cant upon the wrongs under which the farmers are labouring; the climatio risks to which ihe is subjected; risks from drought, from fire, and from flood, these are enough to render his life one of perplexity and anxiety ; but when, in addition to all these, there comes the enaction of laws which press heavily upon his labour, then his case is one which calls for remedy. But to find this remedy is not soeasy. There is one, however, which, if adopted, would go a long way towards solving the difficulty; one that we would earnestly comsmeid to the attention of all engaged in the cultivation of the soil. Lot thent combine and form themselves into fasners' unions all over the country; lot those he conducted upon certain fixed principles; lot them by lectures, by periodicals and papers, endevour to educate the publio mind up to the stansdard which boat conserves their ownl'interest; let thein agitate again and again for the removal of all duties ulpon farnling imploments and farminig iltchinuery, atd lot them never cease agitating till not only this lair concesmlion be obtained, but also there lhe obtalied a resuniptilln of ansistsl liniligration inl orer that a fair Supply of labour hIotlh alnsaltl fitlaUlo liay lie prollvlooded to meet the ,ldeniad which, siiaong both farmoro atid sisisufacturers in this now coulntry, Intlst he continu ously increasing. Let them, at the next general election l?return -as their prpresentatives none but local lmen, men of w\ell proved integrity, tien do terminied that the farmers' claimis shall be no longer ignored, and who will shape their course in parliament c; cordingly. Why, the farming interest, represent- ing as it does, one of the most impor- tant industries of the colony, ought to be a power in the land, and it certainly would be if those most interested acted with judgment and determination. We understand that two or three members of the Govern- ment are to accompany Mr. Cameron, member for Evelyn, on a trip to Fernshaw. They will leave Melbourne on Mon- day, 25th inst., by way of Eltham, Kangaroo Ground, and Yarra Flats, returning by Lil- lydale, probably on the follow ing Thursday. This will afford the inhabitants. of the several townships en route an opportu-. nity to interview the ministers with reference to public require- ments. At the public half in Waikato. lately, MIr F. Whii aker contrastedi Australia,which honhasrecontly visited,. with New Zealand, and titus gave his impressiona ,-- The people who have cast lines in this part of the country or in any part of New Zbaland, hauve no reason to complain ofttlhirlot.. I have been travolling lately, as:you aresdoubt lss 'aware, through the Australna coloaies, and though great wealth is to. be fouad there, this country is'a better one, and I would not exchange New Zealand for either Victoria 'or New South Wales. There matters are on tirely different. Great fortunes are realised, but land is held in large estates, of hupdreds of thousands of acres, and the country is not nearly so well peopled as that of New Zealand. We have better opportunities for the settlement of the countr by a small class of independent freeholders than they have either in Victorin or New South Wales. By and bye. thepopuln. tion of Noew Zaland will; be three or four times as great as that'of these other colonies. Although Australia has all the elements of the .production of wealth, it lacks our rivers and watercourses, and above all, our. cli mate. There they are subject to severe drought. In some of the settled' dis tricts no rain has fallen for as long a period as: three years."' Successfiu experimoents have lhtely boon made at Coblontz- i'n the training fo ravens as carrier birds, in plane of pigeons. The latter are more subjict to. the attack of birds of prey than rasvens. The trained ravens were mande to, fly a distance of 40 miles, and their perf?rs mances gave muchi satisfaction. 