AN OCEAN WAIF. BY A SEAFA1U3H. ' I was seoond mate at tho timo,' began Mr. Humphrey Roband, who related to us the fol lowing story, ' and. our vessel was a lmrk, named tho Eaglo. We wero bound from New port, in Monmouthshire, to Capo Town, with a cargo of iron, and then wo wero to go on to Melbourne, and thence to Callao. Beaide me, there were Captain Blaokett, the master, and Josiah Bitting, the chief mato,' along with fifteen or sixteen hands forward, including tho idlers ; and, taking us all round, I don't think that ever a better ship'a company sailed out of an English port. There wasn't a foreigner among ub ; there was no growling, no loafing ; everything was done quickly and with a will, and it waa not only a pleasure to give an' order, but a happiness to watch tho execution of it. Well, we left Newport on a Monday afternoon, and went away down the Bristol Channel into the Atlantic Ocean, under all plain sail, in the finest of weathers. For ncar upon a fortnight there was nothing but bright ness overhead and blue water under us, mado feathery by the whipping of the breezes whioh blew, sometimes nor' east and somotimos nor' west, coming now and again a trifle fresh, but nover so strong as to cause us once to furl the mainroyal day or night. Wo saw nothing- of the trade iVind till we wero in about latitude 20 degrees north, and then, aftor blowing ua along for a spell, it failed us one morning with slowly falling glass and a long, ugly grey swell coming out of tho sou' west, and a sort of dirty blue sky filmed o'er with hazo that might havo passed for the draininga from ameltors' ohimneys. Amid this tho sun hung like a' huge jolly-fish, a shapeless oozing of brightness, with soaroe onougb of powor in him to put a streak of light into the brow of the swell that swung heaving up tall out of the near horizon, with summits that seemed to be trying to wash the yellow stain ho mado out of the vault of the sky. There waa a queer smell of decayed marino vegetable mat ter about, whioh oame up in whiffa when tho rolling of tho bark made whito water along side, and, spite of the sky being thin enough to let tho ghost of the sun show through, there was a look overhead that made you think that, ii it was night, you'd seo green lightning playing about over tho mastheads, like the dartings of the phosphorus from the ship's side in black water when you'ro in the tropics and tho night lies dead upon the breathless bosom of tho ocean. 'Well, what theso plain signs betokened oame to pass right onough. The glass wont on dropping, and the awell oarno along in a wilder and angrier roll, until at three o'clock that afternoon thoro waa soareo moro daylight visiblo than you'll find in tho last lingeringa of twilight ashore. Wo woro snugged down to lowor top-sails, the yards square, for there was no call to brace them one way or another whon for hours there hadn't been a breath of wind, no, Bir, not so muoh as to givo a flutter to tho vane at tho royal masthead, saving what tho barque gave hersolf by the Bweep of her spars. All hands wero on dock, standing by, knowing that something was bound to happen, but inaapabla of guessing from what quarter it meant to come. It was as muoh aB wo could do to see ono another's facos. Tho strain on tho spars and rigging was something fearful with the rolling, aud in tho gloom overhead you could hear tho creaking and complaining, tho squealing of sheaves, the groaning of parrals and trusses. At four o'olook, or thereabouts, tho Wind Bwept down upon us in a body, right in the wake of tho swell. It waa wind at first, but it beoamo a moving wall in a short timo, and beforo tho olewlinea could bo manned the forctopaail blew up and burst into smithereens, just like ono of thoso elastic air-balls when tilled too full. It was a terrible tempest. I, who have Been some fearful weather in my timo, will tako my affidavit that a worse storm of wind never raged than that. It piaked tho sea up and mado wheels of the waves that looked — I don't say they were — but that looked to bo forty or fifty feet high'. Tho Eaglo was full of iron, very deep, and labored heavily, taking in tons of water forward, so that- the under deok forqoastlo was scarcely to bo oomo at by tho men through tho scuttle. In tho troughs, during tho weother rolls, tho barque would lay so far ovor to windward that it -was enough to make the oldest seaman hold his breath to look at the ourl of the oncoming sea, and speoulato whether tit was possible that she could hoist herself out oloar ot that terrific, white, roaring, flashing arch bofore it rolled its enormous volume clear ovor her. But the Eagle was a good sea-boat, having a flaring bow that forced tho head aurgos to throw hor up, and. a swoll of tho sides that mado her cork-liko on tho lean of a twenty foot hill of wator. Had sho been of the ordinary tank-eliapo it must havo beon all frotli to ten feet above tho maat-obats, with tho watch on dock in tho weather-rigging, and tlio maater and mates keeping a look out in tho cabin and conning hor by the tell tale. 'For throo days we had terriblo weather; thon it broke, tho wind veered to duo east, and aftor blowing a double-reofed topsail breeze for .twenty-four hours sbttlod away into tho north east and blew along steady and bright again into the trado wind. It was a Wednesday, the morning watoh and I had chargo of tho deck. Daybreak found us under a foretopmast stun' Bail, the sky clear, and tho east aa green as moonlight with tho dawn. Tho sea was calm, the trade clouds rolling in puffa of vapor athwart tho stars overhead and in the west, and the horizon a lino as blaok as you could pro duco by the sweep' of a pair of compasses dipped in India ink. I stopped ovor to leeward to havo a look at tho sea under tho foot of the mainsail, and just then the arch of tho sun jutted up and sent a long beam of silver light flashing across tho ocean, the extremity of which sparkled upon an object that appeared whito and glistening in the radiance. It bore about four points on tho lee bow. I fetched the glass and took a look. Sho was a vessel, of what rig I could not distinguish, but apparently under small sail. I put down the glasa and waited a bit and then had another look. I now fancied- I could detect signs of confusion aloft, but of thia I could not yet be sure, though the small canvas she showed mado her appearance singular considering the fine weather. Just then Captain Blackctt came on deck, and I re ported the sail to him. He pointed the tele scope at her and said : ' It seems a ease of distress. Your sight's better than mine ; havo you mado out anything resembling a color ? ' 1 No, sir.' ' Well, we will bear down and see j what's the matter. Keep her away,' ho oalled out to the fellow at tho wheel ; and at the same timo I sung out to the wateli to lay aft aud brace the yards in a trifle. This was done, and thovesselbroughtaboutapoint on our loo bow. It was not long boforo we were able to make her out very plainly with the glass. It was now seen that she was a small, full-rigged ahip, of about eight huadrcd tons ; her threo lower top- . Bails and topmost staysail had been blown away, and'her wheel and all boats were gone. Sho had black bulwarks, and lay very deep, as though full of water. In tho lower mizzen rig ging theEnglish onBign had been seized, union down, and there it blew, flickering liko a flame, making as strong an appeal for assistance as ever a man could by waving his hands. Well, we shortened sail, and approached her, keeping a sharp lookout for anything that should resem ble a human being ; but there was nothing in that way to bo seen. There waa a longish deck house aft, and the remains of another one for ward. There waa not muoh swell on, and ahe lay prot'ty quiet, giving herself a slowsiant now and again that hove a Bpace of hor wet side into the sun and mado her flash out like a beacon. ' She looks to bo abandoned, sir,' says I to tho captain. ' Why, yes, that'Sherappearance, cer tainly,' says he. ' But it's a fine morning ; no harm can be done byyourstepping aboard and giving her a brief overhaul.' So the bark's maintopsail was laid to the mast, a boat low ered, and threo hands pulled me aboard the wreck. Two men olambered over the rail after me leaving one in charge of tho boat. Wo stood a momont looking around. Her decks wero full of raffle, ropes, staves, and casks, and the liko, tho main hatohea were off, as if the crew had been jettisoning her oargo, her 'port bulwarks forward of thd main rigging wero smashed flush with tho deck; and altogether sho had the most wrecked and strained appearance that amost aver I saw in a vessel afloat. I put my hand to my mouth and sang out ' Anybody aboard here ?' but the only answer that, came was the sound of tho streaming of the wind through the rigging, and the bubbling' and washing noise of the water over tho side. ' No fear aa to her not being abandoned, sir,' said one of the men. 'An ompty coffin oould'nt ba more destitute of life.' I stepped to the door of the deck house and looked in. There was no appearanco of injury here. A table went down it, -with'_fixed chairs on one side and a locker on the other, and on the port side was a row of cabins, five or six, I think. The door of this dook-house swung open, and I and tho two men peered in, and then says I, 1 I'll just step ih and see if I can come aoross any papers belonging to her,' for I must tell you there was no name on her bows, and whatever might have been written on her stern was under water; but soaroo had I uttered the above observation whon a sort of thin, wailing ory came' from one of the cabins. ' Hello f ' says one of tho men, ' tha crew has gono and left poor pussy behind. ' Pussy 1 ' says I, who had caught the ory very clearly, and heard a note in it there was no mistak ing ; ' that's no oat, lads. Follow me.' And I walked straight to tho oabin, from whioh tho sound appeared to oomo, and opening tho door, saw just the kind of sight my mind seemed to have been prepared, by the ory we had heard, to witness. The oabin was a bit of box with a souttlo over tho topmost of a couple of bunks. Thoro wero some female garments on the deck, along with ah infant's feeding bottle, broken, and a fewother domestic odds and ends only met with at sea when there are women aboard. As we entered a secondsmall, wailing cry came from tho upper bunk, and, looking, we spied a dead woman in it, with hor right arm cast round a baby nine or ten months old. It was' impossible to tell that sho was dead till wo drew oloso and saw tho Bigns plain. Sho waa a young woman, not moro than twenty -six or twenty Boven, the hair yellow, and in life I don't doubt Bhe had beon pretty enough, but now hor face was so strangely white that aha might have passed for a figuro worked in plaster of Paris. The baby waB too young to sit up ; ho lay — it was a boy, sir— ho lay in hiB dead mother's arm, giving now and again tho queer cry we had heard, the wail an infant utters after it has exhausted itself in crying for hours. I. picked him up out of the bunk, and found him wet through, and hia flesh like stone for the oold. His mother's clothes — if tho woman woro hia mother, which I don't doubt— wero streaming wot, too, and this mado us suppose that she had been drivon from the deck by tho washing water, and had outered her cabin and lain down to die there. 'Tho monapoko hurriedly about how it oame to pass that those two should have been loft alone in tho wreok. Who was sho ? I ' said thoro was no accounting for what hap pened nt sea. She might have been the wife of the master, who was drowned in the storm, and left no ono to look aftor her; or all hands might have perished in getting the boats over, or the crew might havo forgotten her when they put off ; there was no telling. There lay the woman dead, I said ; and I gave tha baby to one of the men named Nipperto hold whilst I pulled off my ooat to wrap the littlo ohap up in, for ho trembled liko a shivering bird with the cold, and kept on wailing, as if onr handl ing him and tho sound of our voices had put a bit of lifo into him. We looked hurriedly into tho othor cabins, but thoy wero empty, and wo could find no papers. . There waB no good bringing the dead njother along with us to'bury; tho ship sho was in was her rightful oofiin, and boing very deep, with her main hatch open, I rightly reokoned that the next bit of sea that got up would sink the wreck fast enough. I don't say as I didn't mumblo a prayer as I came away holding tho little ohap. It waa an affecting Bight to Bee that young woman lying there so lonely— quito recently depd, as we might supposo by her littlo. one being alive ; and whon I took a last poop at her I almost felt aa if sho knew that I was taking her baby away from her. Wo handed tho infant into the boat, and shoved off for tho barque that lay hove to waiting for us about half a milo to leeward. ' What have you there, Mr. Roband?' sings out Capt. Blaokett, loan ing over the rail. ' A baby, sir,' I answers, and I pulled my coat a bit open to lot him seo tho little lace inside. ' Well, well,' cries ho, tossing his hands. 'Look sharp and get aboard,' All hands were looking ovor tho sido when I handed tho baby up, and thero went a deal of hoarso whispering among tho men as they pressed forward to seo tho waif. I carried him to the oaptain— tho worthiest man, sir, with tho tenderest heart that ever Bailed a ship ; he pulled off his cap as if awed by the misery and suffering that was typified by tha bairn, and his eyes filled with tears as he gazed down upon it. 'And the mother lies dead yon dor, Mr.-Roband ? ' says he, pointing to the wreok. 'Ay, sir,' says I. ' God receive her 1' says he. ' D'ye understand the manogoment of babies, Mr. Roband ? ' ' Why, I havo two of my own,' I answered ; ' but I was so much away at sea when they wero littlo ones that I oan't say I ever had a chance of watching what my wife did to 'em to keep 'em healthy. But what we havo to do with the baby,' says I, ' is to feed him and got him warm at once.' ' Then take him below — take him below, Mri Roband,' cries tho captain in a tremulous voice. 'Give him your attention, sir, and nover mind about your duties until you've got this poor littlo creature into shipshape condition.' Well, I carried him to my cabin, and sung out to tho steward to help me un dress him, for the thought of handling thia frail and delicate object alone unnerved me. I'd any day rather have the job of taking in tho masts of a two- thousand-ton ship than tho handling of a baby for ten minutes. Both the steward's and. my fingers wero square edged, and we' had to bo very oareful in haul ing out tho safety pins and clearing tho littlo ohap of the things ho was dressed in. Ho oried so that I was in agony, making sure wo were hurting him ; but the steward said : 'No, I know the nature of infants ; it would be unnatural if thoy didn't cry ; it's a fashion their lunga have of growing.' 'Are you sure ? ' says I. ' Cookaure,' says he ; ' ' haven't I seven of my own, Mr. Roband ? ' Then tho baby was wrapped up in one of my flannel shirts, that being softer than any blanket wn had aboard, the steward went and warmed some Swiss milk at tho galloy fire; and while I was sitting waiting for tho steward, with the baby lying on my knees, tho captain oomes in. ' God help this poor littlo one 1 ' sayB he ; ' what age would you tako him to be, Mr. Roband ? ' ' Not a year old,' Bays I. 'Not a year old!' ho cried; 'how wonderful are the ways of Providence that a tiny bubble of humanity like thia should be left unharmed by a storm that, maybe, has drowned all the rough and sturdy fellows who filled that vessel. It's liko seeing an iron ship beaten to pieces by seas amid whose hollows you observe the little stormy petrel aeourely fly ing.' The steward arrived with the warm milk and a spoon, and we turned to feed the baby. I tried my hand, but it was no good ; I couldn't get tho milk down his throat; it capsized down his neok, and his being ravenous and crying made the job more difficult. ' Here, give me hold, sir,' said the steward; so I put tho baby on his knee. Well, he knew more about it than I,, and got a fair caulker'of milk into tho littlo 'un, and after a bit the little chap fell asleep, where upon ho was laid down in my bunk, and there he was, quiet enough. ' Sir, we had soma hopes of his thriving after this. Ho was a sort of a trial in his way, for ho wanted washing and. dressing and feeding and looking after, and it came hard upon us who hadn't the fingers nor the understanding for suoh work. Ho was a beautiful boy. I nover saw finer oyea in' an infant ; blue aa the heavens under which we were sailing, and lovely a little figure, sir. Sometimes when it would come to my turn to undress him I'd let him lie naked on a flannel Bhirt stretohed across my knees, and tickle him and make him laugh, until the dropping of a tear, like a parohed pea, down my oheek, would make me .feel that I waa acting the fool, and allowing thoughts of my homo aud this bairn's loneliness to trouble mo too muoh. He had but the clothes wo found him in ; so the Captain and I gave eaoh of us a soft calico shirt to one of the .man forward, a neat hand with the needle, a ohap named Claw, to make into a couple of Buits of linen for the baby ; and this and a knitted waist coat and a swathing of flannel round his little starn and legs kept him tidy and warm and eomfortable. We all got mighty fond of him. We'd bring him on deolc and lay him in the fold of a Bail or on the ensign when tho weather was fino and warm, and then you'd see him kicking up his logs in the sunshine, toasting hia tiny toea in it, and looking at hia fingers and talking to himself. Ho'mado the bark more human than ever I thought n vessel could be rendered. He begot a strong home feeling in us all, and you'd see the moving fanoiea he'd put into the men aa they'd creep aft — and I never pretended to notice thom — to have a look at the little 'un. Many a atream of tobacco juice I've seen thom squirt overboard from tho quarterdeck aftor watch ing the baby, as if their hearts woro too full to suffer 'em to wait until they got forward to expeotorate. But one day, sir, thero camo an- end to this. It must havo been the cut ting of a tooth, I think. He had a fit, but pulled through it, aud we thought him all right, and I left liim sleeping and looking comfortable enough in my bunk whilo I went on deok. We wero then in latitude 28 degrees south, in the tail of the trado wind. I had been on deok two hours, when the steward camo up through the companion, and, ap proaching me slowly and speaking very solemnly, he saya ; ' Mr. Roband,' ho Bays, ' little Jimmy,' that was the name he wont by. ' Little Jimmy,' ho says,' has gone to jino his mother.' I started and said; 'What's that you say?' He answered: 'Our little un's dead, sir.' I ran below and found the captain in my oabin looking at the baby that lay a oorpse in my bunk. I had grown wonderfully fond of tho bairn, sir, and tho sight broke mo down, ancl one or two Heaving sobs camo from me, na more to be helped by mo than' the tightness in my throat. ' Oh, sir, it was as if a beautiful little Indian bird that you had oherished and looked after had died of the Cape oold in spito of your love. Only thia was an immortal being, » fellow oreature, a little baby that we had pluoked from the very brink of an ocean gravo into whiahhis mother's dead embrace was dragging him ; and we had learned to love him.' 'He is gone I' said Oaptain Blaokett ; '.'tis God's will, £Mr. Ro band. We did our duty by him — we could not have done more.' ' Wo may tako.it, sir, that his mother wanted him,' says tho steward. ' Ay, Bteward, and her entreaty haa been answered,' says tlio captain, with a glanoe aloft. ' ' I could not tako any hand in equipping tho little mite for his funeral. I was too muoh upset, sir. The.sailmdker made a tiny hammock for him, and thoy put his hands together, and smoothed the little wreaths of yellow hair upon his head, and drossod him in olean things, and, before ho was stitohed up, all hands lay 'aft to say good-bye, and ne'er a man among them that entered, tho oabin but stopped to give the little oold faco a kiss before leaving. We kept him till next day, and buried him after oightbells hadbeen made. It was a green; windy, glistening morning ; the emerald seaB ran at us, melting in froth as thoy camo, and tho Bhadows of the mon gathered around tho gangway swayed at our feot aa £ho bark rolled ovor tho surgea and tho danoingsun darted beams like spears of light from the clouds through whioh he .swung. Oh, sir I tho contraat of that littlo hammock upon the grating with tho huge gravo that was to recoivo it I The s9rvico was almost inoro than somo of us could boar ; I'd eco tho men turn their heads away and look down, and when at lastit came to tho passage that's n signal at sea for tho tilting of tho body into the water, wo all lot our broath out in a sob as tho tiny liammook sped like a snowflake over tho side and vanished in the slant of a sea whoso breaking summit flashed a rainbow over tho Bpot.' — London Telegraph. 