NKKVOCS PROSTRATION. There is an unusual amount of jllnewc this summer of the type known as " nervous pros tration." says the Providence Journal. It is prevalent among hard worked people who have been deprived of the needed summer rest and relaxation, men who carry tneir busi ness home with them every night, and women who are worn out by domestic cares and worries. It is very strange how much we are told abont food, clothing, ventilation, drainage, exercise, and other things which have an influence on onr health, and how very seldom we think of rest. And yet, as a remedial and restorative measure it is of the first importance in many cases. Most phy sicians know what to do and when to do it, Ont a good deal or common sense is required to discover how not to do something and "when to let the patient alone. A combination of dragging and fretting kills more than half the si ok people intheworld ; a man's enemies cannot do him near so much damage as hie friends. The world is possessed with the notion that when a man is taken ill a terrible ado must be kept np, alternation of nnrsing and fussing, while pretcrnatu rally wise ana whispering doctors, sympathising friends, tearful relatives and chattering nurses add their contributions to the wrong side and all because somebody is ill and needs cheifly rest. We have not yet, most of ns, gotten rid of of the old notion of the ancients that disease is & personality, and something that is in the air, that travels abont enters onr dwell ings and finally riezes hold of ns ; something akin in the minds of the ignorant to agoblin, ghost, fiend, demon or witch, which only pillsor potations can exorcise.kill or core. We are confident that many a sensible physician will say, if the patient will let him, that two- thirds of all the maladies of all the people in the world would get well in a few hoars or days if left to themselves, with no other appliances than such as Instinct wonld sug gest or common sense employ. Bat patients often estimate the doctor's skill by the wonderfully wise look which he assumes and the extent or variety of his prescriptions ; and a rick man's friends hate to seem un- aympathising, and so are apt to be officious. It is to bennderstooo, or coarse, tnat we are not speakiog of extreme cases, but of the treatment of most of the ills which flesh is heir to — the troubles which come upon over worked men and women, so many of whom we find all around ns in this pushing com petitive age. "There best remedy if they osn take it, is rest. If that be impossible, we can only pity them. 