131st cm wiek Park Races. The December meeting of the Victorian Club was held on Saturday last, at Elstern- wiek Park. The weather was very disagree able, and a strong northerly wind prevailed. accompanied by occasional clouds of dust. There was only a moderate attendance, and although the trotting events passed off very tamely, the flat races proved moderately interesting. Proceedings com menced with the Trotting Match, for oOOsovs., between Leathanistead and Nellie, which resulted in one of the easiest of victories for Leitliamstead, who went to the front soon after the start, and although he broke once he soon recovered himself, and, going in splendid form, won in a walk by a quarter of a mile. Nellie broke frequently, and could not be induced Resettle down. Ten horses saddled up for the Maiden Plate, for which Polly was freely supported ; the winner, however, turned up somewhat unexpectedly in the Tasmanian representative Paganini, with Isabel second, and Tichborne third. Bella Campbell, Little Dick, and Nellie were the only starters for the 50 soVs. Purse in the 2.50 class, the former being the favourite at odds of 3 to 1 on her. On the first essay tlie pair got off on fairly even terms, but Bella CampbelL soon went to the front, and won very easily. The stewards, however, were not satisfied with the manner in which Little Dick had been driven, and in the subsequent heat Mr. F. Robins was re quested to drive the non-favourite instead of Brenuan, who steered him in the first heat. The wholes omeiiess of the rule -which empowers the stewards to change the drivers was clearly proved, for Little Dick distanced his opponent. A protest was preferred against Little Dick by L. Grim- wood, the driver of Bella Campbell, for an alleged cross# but on heading the evidence, the ease was dismissed - as being frivolous, and the L2 -lodged with the protest was ordered to be forfeited. The stewards also considered the propriety of calling on Grmiwood for an explanation for his riding of Bella Campbell, in the j second heat, but after, some discussion the ! matter was allowed to drop. The case against Brennan, for suspicious driving, will be investigated to-day. Bon Bon was most fancied for the Selling Race, and lie justified the good opinion formed of him by winning, after a close finish with Mameluke. The latter pulled up very lame after the race. Bon Bon was sold to Mr. Sloane for £55, all of which goes to the funds of the club. The Christmas Handicap was appropriated by the favourite, Paileroo, who went to the front. After going half a mile, and going I Dougalsteii inlilie run bome. .. (The following are the details : < Trotting Match, for 300 sovs. . Mr J. Brennan's gg Leithainstead, by AlBrenmin 1 Mr C. Clark's b m NSlBe;«gi , P; Robins 0 Betting : 5 to 4' On Leithamstead. _ Leitliamstead, on the inside, webt away with the lead at the start, and, although he broke on nearing the quarter-pole, and let up the mare, he was quickly steadied again, and, gradually drawing away, won m a walk by over a quarter of a mile. Nellie broke frequently, .but, nevertheless, she was no match for the grey, who fairly out- pqced her from the start. Time, 9miu. 27sec. _ . Maiden Plate, of 40 sovs. Five furlongs. Mr W. Field's b g Paganini, 4 yrs, by St. Albans— Muriel Sst lllb .. „ hobeitson 1 Mr J. Harper's b f Isabel. 2 yrs, 6st 4lb \\\ flbanis 2 Sir S; G. Cook's b g Tichborne, 3 yrs, Sst llb Johnston 3 Mr J. WhVtthigb am's b c Hazel, 2 yrs 6st 9lb . Bacchus 0 Mr T. Coffev's br c Wotonga, 3 its, Sst 4tb Smith 0 Mr J. G. Reid's ch g The Ghost, 5 yrs, art 121b Hoskms 0 Mr J. A. Lang's br f Agatha, 3 vrs, 7st I3!b Walker 0 Mr H. Connolly ns g c Orlando, 2 yrs, Cst9!b . . . . . Barr 0 Mr M. Simmous's b f Polly, 3 yrs, 7st 131b Burton 0 Mr S. Miller's ch f Willania, 2 \ts, 6st 61b (mclud- , ing 21b over) . . . - - Clds 0 Betting : 2 to 1 agst Polly, 4 to 1 each agst Agatha and Tichborne, 6 to 1 each agst Paganini and Willania. The lot were despatched on the second attempt to an indifferent start. Polly at once going to the front, attended by Paganini and Isabel, the rear bein brought up by Agatlia and Willania. Polly main tained her advantage round the turn, but as they swept into tlie straight Paganini as sumed command, and coming on full of run ning, won easily by two lengths from Isabel. .Tichborne was third, J olty fourth, Wil lania next, and Orlando last. Time, Imin. 5sec. Pursk of 50 sovs., for 2.50 class. Mile heats ; best three in five. Mr D, Collina's b g Little Dick, aged, 2 . . . . 1 Hr J. A. Roberts's g m Bella Campbell, aged, 1 . . dia. Mr C Clarke's b ni Nellie, aged - . . . . dig. Betting : 3 to 1 on Bella Campbell. First Heat. -The favourite obtained a slight advantage at the start, but before reaching the turn she broke, and Little Dick went to the front. The mare, however, came again as they neared the half pole, and slipping up on the inside, took up the run ning, and going freely, won very easily from Little Dick. Nelly trotted very badly, and was declared distanced. Time, 3min.' 4?. sec. Second Heat. — The pair got away on fairly even terms, but Bella Campbell broke persistently, - and was distanced by Little Dick. Time, 2min. 54|sec. Handicap Selling Race, of 40 sovs. Four furlongs Mr J. D. Robertson's br c Bon Bon, by Kelpie— Svveefclips, 3 j rs (nil, 7sfc 21b, including. 31b over) . . Burton 1 Mr H. Connolly ns br h Mameluke, aged (50), Sst 101b .. .. : , ... Robertson 2 (Mr T. Cliadwick's br c Hill Talk, S yrs ("il), 7st 9ib, i .. .. .. .. .. Barr 3 Mr M. Griffin's bik h Westbury, aged (nil),Ss6 Hutchins 0 Mr T. Coffey's b m Prattle, 5 yrs (nil), Cst 121b Walker 0 Mr T. Mattkews's bik m Beada, 4 yrs (nil), 7st 41b, ..Cope 0 Mr J. Alexander's br c The Beadle, 3 yrs (nil), 7st lib (including 31b over) .. .. Musgrave 0 Betting : 2 to 1 agst Bon Bon, 4 to 1 agst , Hill Talk. A protracted delay occurred at the start, and when at length the flag fell the lot were sent away to a shocking bad start, Bon Bon and Prattle obtaining a consider able advantage, while Beda was left several lengths hi the rear. Rounding the turn Bon Bon still led, but as they swung into the straight, Mameluke rushed to the front and looked all over a winner, but Burton kept the favourite going, and secured the victory by a length. Hill Talk was coming very fast on tlie inside, but he was not allowed sufficient room to get through, and therefore could only get third. Prattle was rourth, and Beda last. Time, Imin. 5sec. Christmas Handicap, of 40 sovs. Que mile and eighty yards. Mr S. Miller's b c Paileroo, by Oliver Twist— Gela tine, 7sfc - .. .. .. Olds 1 Mr J. D. Robertson's b h Dougalston, 6 yrs, 7st 61b _ -- -- .. .. Burton ' 2 Mr W. bl.h Hunter, 5 yrs, 7st Johnston 3 j Mr S. Mahon's b c The King's Son, 3 yrs, Sst 71b . . ! \- . . Williams 0 i Mr C. Fleming's ch g Forlorn, 4 yrsr Sst 71b Smith 0 Mr W. Field's b g Paganini, 4 yrs, 7st 41b Foon O Mr S. Miller's br f Pyrette, 3 yrs, 6st 71b Toumy 0 Betting : 3 to 1 agst Paileroo, 4 to 1 agst Hunter, 5 to I agst Kingston. The flag fell to a straggling start, Paga nini being first away, while Pyrette was left at the post. Passing the stand, the , order was— Paganini Dougalstou, Forlorn, and Paileroo, with Pyrette last. Rounding the turn, Paileroo went in pursuit of Paganini, and as they ran along the back stretch, he was ip front, Forlorn, Hunter, and Dougalston being just, behind Paganini. At the three-quarter pole, Dougalston went up on the outside, and, as they rounded tlie turn, it looked as if he would win, but Paileroo came again very gamely, and never being approached won comfortably by four iengtlis. Dougalston was a length in advance of Hunter, King's Son was next, and Pyrette last. Time, limn 51 jsec. 