ECHOES OF MELBOURNE (By The Ghost.) -?:;... ?!;Vi ?' ' .'.-'?-. ' ?' ? - .Jnno 2. : The Parliamentary ? week 'In the Victorian lAssombly has been devoted to. the discussion of tho . Federation and 'Annexation resolutions brought forward at. tho Sydney. Convention. Why there should have been so much talk upon o question upon which ovory member was agreed, is ono of thoso things whioh no ono unacquainted, with the course of legislative proceedings can . fully understand. No one needed any oonvinoing nor any enlightenment. Tho question wan not a party ono, and jot nearly every honourable member thought it incumbent upon himself to mako a, epecoh on tho subject. After Mr. Sorvioajhad spoken, the matter might just as well havo been settlod out of hand. The Premier dealt bo exhaustively with his theme that he left orators who were -to follow him nothing to say. And when Mr. P.earson, in his scholnrly and Dundreary way, bad- said it, the Speaker might have at once Eut the question. to the House. ' Buncombe ' ad, howover, to be talked to ; and so one after another honourable gentlemen proceeded— as history is said to do— to repeat themaelvos, thus prolonging tho debate over three nights. When Ministerialists and Oppositionists agree, it is wonderful how unanimous they are. Will the other colonies of tho Australasian group aooept tho resolutions of the Sydney Conven tion as Viotoria has dono ? Aye, tht re's the rub. for until they do Lord Derby will still continue to display his masterly inactivity. On Tuesday Mr. John M'Intyte, who re turned by the last mail-boat, made his 'appear- ance uv the Assembly, and wa3 very cordially greoted by theOpposition, to whose ranks, as an obstructionist of no mean powers, he is a decided acquisition. His mission, undertaken with tho object of placing the mines of Maldon, of whioh constituency he is the chosen repre sentative, on the London market was not an unqualified success. The British publio failed to respond to the appeal to invest and become wealthy beyond the potentiality of avarice. This blindness is much to be regrotted; not perhaps so muoh on their own account as on that of the honourable gentleman, who, had he floated his venture, would have, nettod some £25,000. Lsss patriotio efforts have been known, in the history of our Legislature, to havo met with oven gronter rowards than this. But then there was no 'Bottled policy of the country,' and alterations in tho OuBtoms duties enabled those behind the scenes successfully to '.' work the oracle.' Mr. M'Intyro was an unknown, quantity in the politioal world whon treasurers wero able to bring in sensational budgats, and by raising the duty on imported spirits from five to ten shillings, first olearing all their own stook out of bond, to make a fortune and establish their reputation as sound financiers at one and the same time. ' The arrival of tho Viotorian gun and torpodo boats has been one of the memorabilia of the week. With theao additions to our fleet, we should now be able to show a bold front to any enemy likely to nttnokus, and even to resist. the invasion of those delightful gentlemen, the reoidivistes of Now Caledonia, should Mr.' Service's prediction beoomo an aotuality. The advent of tho vessels was, a* a matter of oourse, made the, occasion q£ ft jittb Pailiaawatary junketing and Government oharapngne — the brand, now that Mr. L. L. Smith has for a timo quitted the politioal arena, being no longer Crcmc dc Bovay, but Roedoror's Rold . top flowed everywhere excepting down blue ribbon throats. The most pleasant feature' of the little outing was tho good feeling shown by tho presont Ministry towards tlioir predecessors in ofQco, under whoso ausDicos tbe vessels had been ordered in England. Special invitations wore issued to Sir Bryan O'Loghlen and his colleagues in tho formor Government. These little attentions are of tho kind that go far towards toning down tho acerbities of political life, and making all publio men kin. Lovers of tho sensational havo beon able during tho week to sup full of horrors. Bosanna Plummor, a young girl who loved not widely, has beon committed by a coroner's jury for the cold blooded murder of her infant. A solicitor's artiolod olork named Elwes has shot himself in a railway oarrioge, and tho Court have been engaged investigating two charges of murder. Tho jury in one oase found the ruffian Browning, who had spent a couple of hours in beating tho wife of his bosom to death with a washing-board, guilty of manslaughter, thus oheating the gallows of its due ; and in the other, whore James Haivthorno was charged with killing his brother, were unable to agree, nine being in favour of an acquittal, and three maintaining the guilt of tho aocueed. The prisoner has been remanded to tho next ses sions, when in all probability ha will be declared not guilty, and yet another added to tho long list of undetected murdora in Victoria. ' . The solicitors ftro determined in the dofence' of high fees to dio hard. Their endeavour to. induce the 'judges of tho Supreme Court to amend the rule fixing tho costs on tho lower scale, excopt whon otherwiso directed by the Court, having proved unsuccessful, they are' now appealing to Mr. Sorvico as head of the Government, and Intend petitioning Parliament on tho subjeot. It isBomowhat strange that so shrewd a gentlemen as Mr. M, H.1 Davies, M.L.A. for St. Kllda, has provod himself to. be, and who introduced the deputation to the Premier, should be so littlo able to gaufro the feoling of tho Assembly as to imagyie . ho will gain the Bympathy of the House. ' Lawyers proverbially havo few friends, and it needs no groat gift of presoience to be ablo to propheoy that very few honourable mombers outsido the profession will favourably entertain tho prayer' of the gentlemen of the long robo. ? Rumour has it that before long society is to bo shocked by a tale to be told in our Divorce Court, in whioh two merchants of high standing in the commercial world will figure in any thing but a favourable light. It will be well, however, if yielding to the advice of friends a very unpleasant episode in our social life does not attain further publicity than it has already done'. No one but the scandal-mongers will regret the settlement of the affair without the intervention of the Law Courts. Just at present thero is Borne talk, and a good deal of oorrespondenco in the metropolitan journals, in regard to the propriety of ereoting a monument to the memory of Batman .or. Fawkner, or both of them, as pioneers of the colony. Tbe proposal has revived the old dis cussion as to whom tho honour reallybelohgs. The dispute on tho subject tends to show how unreliable history at times must be. Events soatce half a century old — for Viotoria was settled in 1824-25 — are made the matter of assertion and counter-asBartion, and still left ia doubt. Would not the better plan ; be to louve the question in abeyance ? Batman, it is true, might bo idealised in a statuo ; but ' Johnny Fawkner' never 1 Neither of these 'discoverers' is eaid to havo boon a classical scholar. Hud they been, doubtless the propo sition to hand them down to fame in bronze or marble would havo beon scouted by boih. They would assuredly, with a wave of the hand, havo exolaimed se monumentum quarii, drcum sptrel- , ,.'.... Theatrical matters in Melbourne are . fairly brisk. ' The Blue Ribbon of the Turf,' after: & week's run at tho Opera House, is to be with drawn to-night in favour of tha sensational drama 'The Outcasts, or Dead in the Snow.' At tbe Royal 'The Planter's Wife' replaces 'Notre Dame,' and at tho Bijou, Misa Emelie Melville still draws large bousea in opera bouff e, 'La. Grande Duohesae' now eu joying a good run. At the Princess, Miss Marie de Guy and her olever London Comedy Company are crowd ing the house nightly to witness 'She Stoops' to Conquer.' ' ' ??'?'?'? ?;. . ' That Cheeb, but not Inebriate.'—- These are the best bevorages tho world can indulge. Draughts that give a spur to the organs, stimulating their sluggish action, and quickening their vital essences, 'are true, invigorating cordials. ? Their proper-, ties are at once tonic, diuretic, and anti dyspeptic, and their ingredients being the selectest products of the great .laboratory of medical science, tho human system can. receive them without apprehension of hurt. TJdolpho Wolfe's. Schiedam Aromatic Schnapps heads this category. .?.,-. .. ... The Bad and Worthless are' never ^ imitated, or counterfeited. ??-, This is espe cially true of a family medicine, and it- is: positive proof that the remedy imitated is of the highest value. As soon as it had been tested and proved by the whole world-.that.. Hop Bitters was tho purest, best, and most , valuable family medicine on earth, many imitations sprung up and began to steal, the notices in which the PresB and the people of the country had expressed the merits of H. B., and in every way trying to induce suffering invalids to use their stuff instead, expecting to make, money on the credit and good name of-H. B. Many others started nostrums .put up in-similar, style to H. B., with variously devised names in which the word ? ' Hop' or 'Hops' were used in a way to induce people to believe they were the same as Hop Bitters. All such pretended remedies or cures, no matter what their style or name is, and especially those with tho word 'Hop' or 'Hops' -in their name or in,, any way connected , with them or their: name, are imitations or counterfeits. -% ' Beware of them. Touch none of thorn.': TJso nothing but genuine American Hop: Bitters, with a bunch or cluster of green Hopsonthe white- label, and Dr. Soule's, name blown in the glass. Trust nothing olse. Druggists and chemists are warned; against dealing in imitations or counter- ? feits. ' , -. !...'? . ?; ? ..;;..ri--.ri.. ' ; A Pigeon shooting match will-be, heldj : at Campbell Toymon.lOth July.-... J.,;|-. Ui . Mbs.F.Kichabdp's ladies' schoolresumeSj-, ' : oa Tuesday next, ,1-ui.i., ;..- l-.;v.y:i ,;.:-Jcii;U. 