R.C. Church at Warwick. [from our own correspondent.] During the past week, the monotony of • every day life has been relieved, for the Roman Catholics of this town, by a couple of pleasant incidents. Bishop Dunne ad ministered the sacrament of Confirmation on ■Sunday, and the children of St. Mary’s school ’treated his Lordship and the townspeople to an excellent musical entertainment, on the following evening. The Bishop’s visit had "been arranged some weeks ago. The candidates for Con 1-confirmation, firmation had been, ever since, I understand, under daily special instruction for that sacrament. These instructions appear to have fallen on very good soil, for, when Dr. Dunne examined them on Saturday forenoon, some 'ninety “ passed ” without a single break-down. The answering gave much pleasure to the Sisters of Mercy, wlio had been the immediate teachers, and, of course, to Fathers Horan and -Dorrigan, the zealous priests of the parish. A dozen or so of little folk, children of the Swan Creek farmers, answered with great accuracy and intelligence, and Dr. Dunne ■took occasion therefrom to refer on the following day to the many advantages of farm life. He congratulated the Swan Creek ’settlers on the care they had given to their children’s education. Saturday afternoon was of course given up totally to confessions, and the Bishop, Father Horan, Father O’Connell of Toowoomba, and Father Dorrigan, had as much as they could do to to finish that part of the good work by a reasonable hour. On Sunday Dr. Dunne said •first, or eight o’clock Mass. After the Post -communion, he told the congregation briefly, but very emphatically, how much gratified be felt at seeing so many at the sacred table. The altar rail he said, was the pulse of the parish ; nothing better indicated the ntate of ■of the people’s spiritual health ; and the words of the Redeemer, “unless you eat of this ^read, you shall not have life in you," were as applicable to a Catholic community as to an individual. The second Mass was said by Father Dorrigan ; and, as soon as it was concluded, the confirmation candidates were presented to the Bishop by Father Horan, priest in charge of the district. The little girls, numbering some fifty in all were gracefully attired in veils and wreaths, and were accompanied by Miss O'Brien as sponsor. The boys, whose number slightly exceeded that of the girls, were similarly attended by Mr. Canny, as godfather. Before commencing the ceremony, Dr. Dunne earnestly bespoke the prayers of the vast congregation for the young “ confirmandi,” as, indeed, he bad done already at first mass. He then invited the special attention of the children to the covenant with God, to which they were now about to put their names. He explained to them that the Church would not admit them to this sacrament until they had readied an age of discretion, in order that they might know what they were about to do; and assured them that God would hold them responsible for the work of to-day, as for a well thought over act of their own hand. He pointed out to them that the Church also refused to receive them to this contract until they had well mastered the Catechism, both in letter and in spirit ; and said the reason thereof was that, like a good mother, she wished them to understand who the God is with whom they are dealing, and what the law which they undertake to observe. He commented on the mistakes parents make, who push on their children for confirmation quite unprepared, simply because other people’s children are being confirmed. After the sacred ceremony temperance Dr. Dunne administered the pledge Temperance pledge to all the children confirmed. This pledge binds these who take it to abstain, until they have completed their twenty-fifth year, from all intoxicating drink. Out of due respect to parental authority, the Bishop *aid that no child would be registered as having made the promise, whose father or mother, within forty eight hours, sent to him a written protest against the child being so bound. This Temperance promise, as administered on Sunday, is a very impressive ceremony. The Bishop stood in front of the altar with his Crozier and mitre, and, raising his right hand to heaven, called on the children to stand up and do the same. Then followed the solemn words, l’ In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, Amen. In the presence of the Almighty God, and His Holy Mother, and the whole Court of Heaven, I promise to abstain, until I am twenty-five years old, from the use of all intoxicating drink, and I pray God, through the inter cession of His Same Holy Mother and all His angels and saints, to give me grace and strength to keep this promise.'’ The Bishop then gave his Episcopal blessing, and the ceremony concluded. After last Mass a deputa dkputation. tion consisting of Mr. Ilely, Mr. llyan, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Ilartigan, Mr. Allman, and Mr. Connolly waited on the Bishop in reference chiefly to securing more satisfactory accommodation for the Sisters of Merc}’. The matter was canvassed a good deal, there being but one opinion as to necessity for such better accommodation, but the best way to secure it being more open to consideration. Father Horan, who seemed to feel very much the position of the good sisters, said that he was in treaty for an addition to their present buildings. It was decided to wait for a few weeks, and see how far such addition would be realized, etc., before taking any steps towards the building of a permanent or temporary convent. The Bishop gave the members of the deputation his blessing, and they withdrew thanking his Lordship and Fa ther Iloran for their courtesy. In the afternoon Dr. Dunne, evening accompanied by the local devotions, clergy and Father O’Connell, visited the Warwick hospital. The new building, which is not yet occupied, is being furnished. It stands, as you are aware, on the finest site in Warwick, a high elevation, Northern aspect, and looking down on the Queen’s Park, on winch its premises immediately front. The building is an orna ment to the town ; but it will be too small al most as soon as it is occupied. It is a pity that men will build only for to-day. The edifice is as complete as an egg, and as incapable of being added to,—unless by putting another si milar building beside it. The hospital in pre sent use contains, just now, fifteen patients. Dr. Dunne was shown over the place by Mr. Sanders, and having spoken a few words to each of the invalids, gave his blessing to those of his own flock. In the evening, after Vespers, at which he assisted, lie preached on the Gospel of the Paschal Sunday, and com pleted a blessed day for Warwick, by giving Benediction of the Most Holy Sacrament. Monday was spent among the SCHOOL fanners of Sandy Creek, the concert. Bishop being the guest at dinner of P. Higgins, Esq., J.P. In the evening he was entertained at a brilliant con cert given by the children of St. Mary’s school. From all I know of the Bishop, I believe any attempt made by school children would please him. In the present instance, however, they needed no such previous disposition. The concert was an exhibition of taste, training, and intelligence, which might challenge any criticism. The prologue was delivered by a little lad of some eight summers, named John Allman. He has a clear voice and accentuation, and singular self-possession, for so young a child. Little Jack will make his mark yet in the world of oratory". “Wel come,’" a chorus, was well sung by the whole platform ; and, immediately after, Miss Hannah Connolly read the following address to the Bishop .— Address of the Children of St. Mary’s to His Lordship the Right Rev. R. Dunne, Lord Bishop of Brisbane. My Lord,—We, the children of St. Mary’s* with feelings of sincere and heartfelt pleasure, welcome you on this the occasion of your second Episcopal visit to Warwick. We fear our glad faces to-night are but half indicative of the joy which fills, and has filled our little hearts for the past six weeks, on hear ing the glad news that our dear Bishop was so soon again to he amongst us ; and now that the happy moment has arrived cannot forbear ex pressing the pride we feel for the honour you confer upon us. The devoted interest you take in our school, and which you prove each time you visit Warwick, makes us feel what an immense debt of gratitude we owe your Lordship. While, all around us, the dark ocean of life is strewn with the wrecks of faith and innocence, the fatal results of anti Christian schools, how consoling it is to lift our eyes to the sweet Mother of Him, who is Wisdom Incarnate ; to whose care we confidingly trust: and under whose guidance we hope to work our way with honour to our eternal home. Since last you heard us, many of our com panions, our seniors, and who were more advanced than we, have left school, and entered on the more rugged path of life ; we, therefore, beg your Lordship will make an allowance for any shortcomings that may appear in the little entertainment we are about to give. If we only succeed in affording you, my Lord, even a slight pleasure, we shall feel our humble efforts amply rewarded. Assuring you of our constant prayers that our good God may grant you a long and happy Episcopate to guide and protect the Church in Southern Queensland, and humbly begging your holy blessing, We remain, My Lord, Your respectful and dutiful children, The Pupils of St. Mary’s. Warwick, April 21st, 18S4. The managers of the evening’s amusement made no mistake m selecting Miss Connolly for her charge. The reading of the address was clear and accurate ; and the manner of the reader was thoroughly lady-like. Gung’l’s “ Amoretten” waltzes arranged as a duet, were played on three pianos, by the Misses Canny, Murphy, Kate and Mary Woods, Kelly, and St. Ledger. The time so essential in Waltz music was singularly well kept, and the spirit of the piece well conveyed to the hearers. A recitation fol lowed, in which Masters Pollard, Allman, Greiner, Connolly, Foster, and M’Donald took part. The title of the piece was “ The Bov’s Chorus,” and the little reciters en tered into the character of it with great zest. The moral, which is summed up in the words, “ Do to-day’s work well,” was cleverly spoken by little M‘Donald, who represented the school master. Two tiny boys Edward Muller and Daniel Allman, the former on the violin anil the latter on the piano, played a collection of popular airs, arranged as a duet. The performance was simply wonderful for such very young children. The fifth piece on the pro gramme was altogether in the bands of the Infant school. It consisted of t hymes, some of them sung in character, and all very sweetly and accurately rendered. It was surprising to see three little mites named Minnie Power, Albert Lethbridge, and Emma Muller, deliver themselves so well of their various difficult charges. “ Bob Hodson’s advice to his son,” was well recited by little Edward Conway. Then came the piece of the evening, “ Kossini’s overture to Tancrede.” It was thoroughly well played by the Misses Mary and Kate Wood, and Miss Mary Canny. Those young girls must have great natural gifts, and these gifts must have been well cultivated to be able to produce the result of last Monday evening. “Try again,” a recitation, by Misses Nellie Pollard and Katie Baker ; and “ Wellington’s name,” a solo by Daniel Allman closed the first part of the programme. The Infant School began the second part with “ Class Songs,” “ Our favourable flowers.” Miss Nellie Pol land recited “Marguerite of France” with great intelligence and spirit. A pianoforte solo, “ Alice,” arranged by Asher was beauti fully performed by Miss Kate Woods—a very skilled musician. A humorous piece, “ Old Cob,” was sung by Edward Muller, and Gerald Griffin’s description of O’Connell was recited by little Dan Allman. They were followed by a vocal trio, “ I heard a voice,” sung by the Misses Woods and Miss St. Ledger I have rarely heard a piece more sweetly and richly7 rendered. Those three children, little Miss Canny, and one or two others would be a credit to the most pretentious Girls school in Australia. A recitation by an interesting little child called Mary Isambert, and some popular airs played by the leading young in strumentalists of the school, closed the pro gramme. After the National Anthem wras sung the Bishop warmly thanked the children, and congratulated them and the people of War wick on the good result of their holy and zealous nuns’indefatigable labours. On Tuesday Dr. Dunne started for Stan thorpe where, I understand, he contemplates remaining till the end of the week. 