d ECHOES. OF MELBOURNE. . - [Bi Tais GHOST. S' April 12. e Thellsilence whicl 'has reigned.supreme during theirecess has h at last' bee broken,: and Majoir Smith' and his erstwhile col I1 league, Mr.'Richardson, have moiinted the stump and striven to' awaken: the long r dormant echoes of political strife, But I sodth to: say; both' p~iformances have t fallen vty''fliat.: The "great' Liberal party ? have been piped to, but they have refused to dancb' .Perhaps the strains were not sufficiently inspiriting, or perhaps "the party," like some 'damsel at a' ball when asked to join the mazy valse with a I partner not'icactly of her choice, ' feels' a little tired.":' Anyway, there was a lack. of vivacity at both meetings which plainly shows that' if the .present' Coalition is doomed, as some persons in whom the wish is father to the thought' aver, the time is not yet. At each of the gatherings the speakers could odly loast of the presence of a single fellow memnier on the platform, Mr; Bakei, M.L.A., having'acted as second for Mr. Richardson; Dr. Quick, the repre sentative :of ' Sindhurst, performing the same office for! "the Major.'.' As a matter of course, Mr. Richardson was prosy, pro lix; and' inconsequehtial. But then this .is the rule with the member for Ores wick, and tlherefore ,no one was disap pointed at his utterances. He expressed his strong dissent from the measures passed by the Government during the last session, yet a reference to Hansard shows lihesup ported theni all with his vote.' As for the Major, beyond telling his audience that lie could raise i.& force of ten. thousand men 1 for far less than' the present" militia force :of three.thousaild is to' cost, and 'abusing f the Railway Commissioners,through whose:. means he came', so: near receiving his quietus at the Little River' collision, lie gave tlim buitlittle infordiation. . At one time, when giving a 'history of the for mation of the Coalition 'Ministry,'.hoe veryl noealy. let the cat out of the. bag." But doubtless, .deeming discretion the better: part of valour, and with an eye possibly to' a future'shufflin of the 'political pack, hel refrained from; his rash intention. He; .merely_.told.the-meeting- that' before the' Government was formed he promised Mr. Berry to suppodt .it, but that when his. former friend and colleague came to ;him wlien the Ministiy had been chosen, and i \--td'qioto his' own words-" told.him lie wasn't in it," .lie qualified, his. promise with the proviso that .the.. 'sup-' port was only to' last "so long. as Liberal principles were adhered to.' This 1 the honourable, and gallant': gentleman p considers' hls not been done. Mr. Berry has sold whatever political convictions he 1i ever'held for a messof office pottage. The C 'only one thing in' regard torwhich.Major p Smith's. audience ,were curious was the reason why, as a preliminary step towards I the formation of a Coalition Government his own party insisted on his omission from 2 the teami, and on this 'subject a discreet r, reticence was observed.' When Mfr: Ser- t vice o'dr Mr. Berry takes the public into f, his confidence, perhaps the reason for this cruel ignoring of talent will come ; out. it But ineither gentlemen is yet announced as likely to take the stump,: and may g liardly think it worth While to bring their s] guns into action to breply to the blank 81 cartridge cainnonade to which they have e; been subjected. . They are, in fact, at the a, present time 'much more profitably en gaged. ,. They have at length settled down S to work, 'and during the week held no less c1 'than three meetings to discuss the measures it is intended to submit to Parliament a during 'the: ,session which.::is to commence some two months hence. fc Guided no doubt by.the light .of the U Tramway Bill"oexperience, they, have re solved before i.troducing.a. Metropolitan ,S Board of Works Bill to ascertain what will S bt: 'pleasant tod. -the unicipal. bodies interested; and 'then to' fraie the m a sure bii:thsse" agreeable lines." DiseussioL ;: every subject subliitted to bthe' Lgislature , is tobe' avoided 'as niuchi as possible, and g all matters -likely to'lead to any serious difference 'of opinion between honourable g members. In fact,.Mr. Service evidently intends so to manage matters that when t] the-time--for closing the session arrives A honourable members shall be enabled/ to tl join hands 'all round, add, in the:words of the burlesque song, exclaim; !".We are a happy family, .we are, .we. are,.we are.'. , ' Meanwhile .he '.has'- strengthened the Ministry by, tl.id incltioibn of Mr. James Campbell and Mir. Nathian'Thi'rnley, both I members of the Upper Husse: The former at accepts the position of Postmaster- General, whicih sMrr.Berry abdicates in his favour, and' sc thelatter gentleman the moro emilty honour p of a portfolid "without' office.: Nowthlat tl there is at the head' of -the Post-office a business man' unversed'. in the ways of cc Government red tape, there is some: slight ' prospect of such needed reforms .as a gi reduction of postage rates and the cost of di telegrams being carried out. t' Times are apparently considerably ' changed since the day when Oliver Twist astonished the Poor Law guardians by on 'asking, for more." : English paupers m now-a-days turn up their fastidious noses at the prime Australian frozen th mutton. which. the piternal Workhouse . overseers' provide for their delectation. a The prdvierb anent ' "beggars" .-and tlI ' choosers " has evidently become'obsolete, and what perhaps is still miore strange is M the fact that educated people can be found lh to back up tlhe ignorant prejudice of the be very lowest dregs of the people. Yet if in the reports to hand are to be credited, some TI medical men have actually pronounced an fit opinion that an outbreak of typhoid fever bh originated in the use of Australian meat. The affair is almost too 'ridiculous, for fr serious notice, and is only worthy of record , as showing how, even in this enlightened , nineteenth' entu'ry, the saying anent, the p very small amount of wisdom-in this case medical wisdom-withi which the world is N governed is still .an incontrovertible hi truth. fo The perpetrators of the Horshlams Bank E robbery are still undiscovered, although y the' detectives;, withl a view of inducing someont to turn "Queen's evidence," an- F nouncod 'a month ago that the thieves were a kiown, and their arrest would be effected t in "a day oi tvtwo." The fact is the police e have in this case been completely baffled. i It it somewhat remarkable to note the fr number of, cimes that have remained un- bh detected since the abolitiodi of tlhe "pulling up" and" piiz-gigs" system, and the 'old of plan of "setting a thief to catch a thief" p bieen allowed to fall into abeyance' ' m The unfortunate lunatic "Captain c Donovan, Bdiurke, or by· ihatover other lii ilias hemay bedescribed; hlasiigiin been D brought before the migistrates and E remanded, in order to enable the detective tI offleers I", to collect evidence against him.' E At :present there is really .nothing to f' connect the accused man with the crime, m Having, however, made up their minds C that Donovan is tha murdere;, nothing 11 will be left undone to prove the correctness at ofthe theory set up. An innocent man was t some years ago, on the evidence of a pipe, tc hanged for a murder committed at Dayles- E ford, and as history-the history of crime hi hot excepted-has a tendency to repeat st itself, the evidence of the cigar-holder fotind at Pettavel under the victim's 4 window,, and' so unaccountably kept for C some days quietly reposing. at the bottom ec of a policeman's pocket, may be thle means a used to place the rope round another prisoner's.neck. . As itm was of course necessary to faston re the blame of thle Werribee railway accident T on some unfortunate underling in the Do- , atitent~,"in'6irdb r to divert the attention tI of' theli publioc;from the ttches of the higher official," the 'stationmaster hiai N been chosen, as the., scape goat. , The 3 jeiry 'nijitelled in Geelong to enquire g into the causo of the death of the driver b Kitchen."and MIrs. Johnson refused to di bringin '~inordiot of manslaughter against ti thel Werribee' statioinmaster Biddle. But h tlie coroner took it upon himself to supple- h ment the verdict and committed him for b triial in July next. There is but little chance in the face of the evidence adduced d of the charge of manslaughter being sus tained, the general impression being tliat the blame rests with the system of railway management in vogue, and not with the individuals whloss duty it was to carry it out. The really guilty person is tihe one who abolished thi "staff " regulations,and' tihenewnly-appointedRailivay Commissioners who have been running at haphazard over S tlht lines, receiving deputations, ordering a b siding hert, a platform there, and a goods f; shed esouiewhere else, and Who' it appears habve never dntluired on what plan 'the p siugle lines of: railway iore worked, nor p wha.t precautions, if asty, were "taken too ensure the safety of the .passenger traffie. What elso could, however, be expected from a Commission composed of three gentlemen, two of whom were entirely ignorant of the duties they were called upon to carry out 4? The alleged case of fratricide at Brighton 'hds taken '- somewhat unexpected turn. The Coroner's jury have refused to qonnect 'William Hawthorn witli the death of his brother, and: by their verdict specially acquitted him. 'The police,' hovwever, at once `re-arrested him on-a cliarge of wilful murder. During- the proceedings it was more than hinted at thatt. another person, not in" hustody;' was the real culprit, and that the fatal shot was fired, not as sup posed through the window, -but in the room itself in which the deceased 'vas in bed. The enquiry respecting the collision between'the steamers Wairarapa and Ade laide has terminated, the conclusion arrived" at by the Steam Navigation Boerd being a lame and impotent one. Between the conduct 'of the two captains there was certainly very little difference. That they tried the speed of their respective vessels in the run to the Heads is hardly denied, and the reasons which influenced the Board in fixing the blame on Captain Lockyer of the' Adelaide and suspending his certificate for two months, while Captain Chatfield is let off with a repri mand, are difficult to understand. The Adelaide is adjudged to be wrong because she occupied the rearward position. Can the old saw, anent "the devil taking the liindmost," 'hrve in sissy, way influenced the decision ? ' The only novelty in theatrical matters is the production of 'FPun on the Bristol," at the Royal, with a iuimber of. performers new to the ;Australian' stage. Miss Gene vieve Ward at the Princess's still continues to draw large audieneas in " ?orget me Not." " At the Bijoin, Miss Emilied elville' is achieving a moderato 'sncces iii English opera; .while the -Opera. House during' Easter week is given up to burlesque pures, and simple in the' shape of Buinaud's '.Blue Beard." A?s isual on Good Friday. alll 'the places"of :public amuisemeiit were devoted to the production of sacred music. 