ECHOES OP MELBOURNE [By The Ghost/] ' April 12. ? The silence which has reigned supreme during the recess has at last been broken, and Major Smith and his erstwhile col league; Mr. Richardson, have mounted the stump and striven to awaken. the long dormant echoes of political strife. But sooth to say, both performances have fallen very flat. The ' great Liberal party' have been piped to, but they have, refused to dance. Perhaps the ? strains ? wore not sufficiently inspiriting, or perhaps ' the party,' like some damsel at a ball when asked to join the mazy yalso with a partner not exactly of her choice, 'feels a little tired.' Anyway, there was a lack of vivacity at both meetings which . plainly shows that if the present Coalition is doomed, as some persons in whom the wish is father to the thought aver, the time 'is not yet. At each of the gatherings the speakers could only boast of tho presence of a single fellow member on the platform, Mr. Baker, M.L.A., having acted as' second for Mr. Richardson, Dr. Quick, the repre sentative of Sandhurst, performing the same office for ' the Major.' As a matter of course, Mr. Richardson was prosy, pro lix, and inconsequential. But then this is the rule with tho member for Cres wick, and therefore no one was disap-, pointed at his utterances. He exprossed his strong dissent from the measures passed by the Government during the last session, yet a reference to Hansard shows he sup ported them all with his vote. As for the Major, beyond telling his audience that he could raise a forco of ten thousand men for far less than tho present militia force of three thousand is to cost, and abusing the Railway Commissioners,through whoso means he came so near receiving his quietus at the Little River collision, he gavo them but little information. At one time, when giving a history of the for mation of the Coalition Ministry, he very nearly ' let the cat out of the bag.' But doubtless, deeming discretion the better part of valour, and with an eye possibly to a future shuffling of the political pack, he refrained from his rash intention. He merely told the meeting that before the Government was formed he promised Mr. Berry to support it, but that when his former f riond and colleague came to him when the Ministry had been chosen, and —to quote his own words — ' told him he wasn't in it,' he qualified his promise with tho proviso that the sup port was only to last 'so long as Liberal principles wore adhered to.' This the honourable and gallant gentleman considers has not been done. Mr. Berry has sold whatever political convictions he ever held for a mess of office pottage. The only one thing in ^ regard to which Major Smith's audience were curious was the reason why as a preliminary step towards the formation of a Coalition' Government his own party, insisted on his omission from the team, and, on tliis subject a discreet reticence was observed. When Mr. Ser vice or Mr. Berry takes the' public into his confidence, perhaps the reason for this cruel ignoring of talont will come : out. But neither gentlemen is yet announced as likely to take the stump, and may hardly think it worth while to, bring their guns into action to reply to the blank cartridge cannonade to which they havo been subjected. Thoy are, in fact, at the present time much more profitably en gaged. They havo at length settled down to work, and during the week held no less . 'than three meetings to discuss the measures .it is intended to submit to Parliament during the : session which is--,to- commenco sonio two months hence. Guided no doubt by the light of the Tramway Bill experience, they have ro solvod - bnfore ? introducing a Metropolitan. Board of Works Bill to ascertain what. will, be pleasant to the municipal bodies interested, and then to frame the measure' on these agreeable lines. Discussion ' on every subject submitted to the,Legislature; is to bo avoided as much as possible, and all matters likely to lead to any serious* difference of opinion between ; honourable members. In fact,- Mr. Service evidently' intends so to manage matters that ;when tho time for closing tho session arrives' honourable members shall be enabled ' to join hands all round, and, in tho w.ords of the burlesque song, exclaim, 'We are a happy family, wo are, wo are, we are !' '-' Meanwhile ho has strengthened the Ministry by the inclusion of , Mr. , James Campbell and Mr. Nathan Thomley, both menibers of the Upper House. The' former accepts tho position of Postmaster-General, ' which Mr.Berry abdicates in Ids favour, and thelatter gentleman the more empty honour of a portfolio without office. Wow that there is at the head of the Post-office a business -man unversed in the ways of Government red tape, there is some , slight prospect of such needed reforms as a reduction of postage rates and'the1 cost of telegramB being carried out.!'. ? ' ' ; l-' N Times are : apparently.1 considerably changed since the day when -Oliver Twist ? astonished the Poor Law guardians by 'asking for more.'' '? English paupers' now-a-days .turn up their fastidious noses at the- prime Australian frozen mutton which the paternal Workhouse overseers provido for thoir delectation. The proverb ? anent 'beggars' and ' choosers ' has evidently become obsolete, and what perhaps is still more strange, is the fact that educated people can be found to back up the- ignorant prejudico of the very lowest dregs of the people. Yet if the reports to hand are to be credited, some medical men have actually pronounced an opinion that an outbreak of typhoid fevex Originated in the use of Australian meat. .The affair is almost too ridiculous for serious notice, and is only worthy of record as showing how, even in this enlightened nineteenth century, the saying_ anent the very small amount of wisdom— in this, case medical wisdom — with which the world is governed is still an incontrovertible truth. ... , ? . :??- ? ' ? . : i The perpetrators of the Horsham Bank robbery are still undiscovered,' although the detectives, with a view of inducing someone to turn ' Queen's evidence,' an nounced a month ago that the thieves were known, arid their arrest would be effected in ' a day or two.' The fact is the police have in this case been completely baffled. It is sompwhat remarkable to note the number of crimes that have remained un detected since the abolition of the ' pulling up ' and ' phiz-gigs ' system, and the old plan of ' setting a thief to catch a thief ' been allowed to fall into abeyance* The unfortunate lunatic 'Captain' Donovan, Bourke, or by whatever other alias he may be described, has again been brought before the magistrates and remanded, in order to enable the detective officers 'to collect evidence against him/' At present there , is really nothing to connect tho accused man with the crime. Having, however, made up their minds that Donovan is the murderer, nothing will bo left undone toproyo the correctness of the theory set up. An innocent man was some years ago, on the evidence of a pipe, hanged for a murder committed at Dayles ford, and as history— the history of crime ' not excepted — has a tendency to repeat itself, the evidence of the cigar-holder found at. Pettavel under the victim's window, and so unaccountably kept f°r some days quietly reposing at the bottom of a policeman's pocket, may be the means used to place the rope .round another prisoner's neck. As it was of course necessary to fasten the blame of the Werribee railway accident on some unfortunate underling in the De partment, in order to divert the attention of tho public, from the laches of the higher official, the stationmaster has been chosen as tho scapo goat. Tho jury empanelled in Geelong ±0 enquire into the cause of the death of the driver Kitchen and Mrs. Johnson refused to bring in a verdict of manslaughter against the Werribee stationmaster Biddle. But the coroner took it upon himself to supple ment the verdict and committed him for trial in July next. There is but little chance in the face of the evidence adduced of the charge of manslaughter being sus tained, tho general impression being that the blame rests with tho system of railway management in voguo, and not with the individuals whoso duty it was to carry it out. The really guilty person is tho ono who abolished the ' staff ' regulations,and the newly-appointed Railway Commissioners who have been running at haphazard over the lin«s, receiving deputations, ordering a siding here, a platform there, and a goods shed somewhere elBO, and who it appears have never enquired on what plan1 the singlo lines of railway ''were' worked;' nor what precautions, if any,- ? were taken to, ensure the safety of the passenger traffic. .. What else could, however, be expected from a ' Commiesion composed of three gentlemen, two of whom wore entiroly v ignorant of the duties they wore called upon to carry out ? . ? The alleged case of fratricide at Brighton, has taken a spmowhat unexpected turn. . , ? Tho Coroner's jury have refused to connect , William Hawthorn with tho death of his : brother, and by thoir verdiot specially acquitted him. The police, however, at once re-arrested him1 on a oharge of wilful .uiurder. During the proceedings it was '? more than hinted at that anothor person, ' ? not in custody,' was the real culprit, and ,,. that the fatalshot was fired, not as sup-' : posed through the ;window, but in the ? room itself in which tho deceased -vaa in, . bod., : .':?-.? . , , , ,. ??, ' I The enquiry respecting the collision., b'etweeh the 'steamers Wairarapa and Ade- : ' ;laide has terminated, tho conclusion., .- arrived at by the Steam Navigation Board .V being a lame and impotent one. ' Between 'the conduct of tho two captains there was certainly very little difference. That thoy A tried tho speed of their respective vessels in tho run to the Heads is hardly denied, and the reasons which influenced .the . Board in fixing the blame on Captain Lockyer of the Adelaide and suspending his certificate for two months, while Captain Chatfield is let off . with a repri-, ,. maud, are difficult to understand. The Adelaide is adjudged to be wrong because she occupied the rearward position. ? Can the old saw, anent 'the' devil taking- the hindmost,' have in any way influenced the decision ? . ' .; : The only novelty in theatrical matters is V tho production of ' Fun on the Bristol,' at the Royal,, with, a1 number of performers new to the Australian stage; Miss Gene vieve Ward at the Princess's still continues to draw large audiences in ' Forget me Not.' At the Bijou, Miss Emilio Melville is achieving a moderate success in English opera; while the Opera Houso during Easter week is given up to burlesque pure and simple in the shape of Burnaud's ? : ?' Blue Beard.' As usual on Good Friday all the place's of public amusement were devoted to the production of sacred music. . A Peculiar Wedding. — A. wedding . took place near Platte City, in the United States, on the 27th December, that excited more than usual interest, owing to the presence at the ceremony of fifty men' as witnesses, all armed with, shot guns. Tho ; , bridegroom was Mr. 'William Montgomery, ? the son. of a wealthy farmer in the district, - « and the bride waa Mibs Alice Cooper, an. orphan young. lady of considerable personal .._ attractions. The courtship had to all. ap- , pearances gone on swimmingly for some months, hut the other day Mr. Mont gomery, for some unknown reason, an- , nounced his intention of breaking the engagement. He was subsequently arrested, ? gave bonds, and was released. On the following eyening 50 of the neighbours, . including Justice Day and Miss Cooper's , uncle, armed themselves with shot guns, - ? arid got a marriage licence. They then y proceeded to Montgomery's; father's farm, and surrounded the house. After a few minutes' delay the door was opened by, 'the,:;- ? young man, who, in a tone of some surprise ' and annoyance, requested to be 'informed ' what was the matter.' In reply, he was given tho option of occupying a lot in a. ' neighbouring graveyard or :of at ? once marrying Miss Cooper. 'He chose 'the latter alternative, and Justice. Day imme-' dietely tied the knot, at the, same' time, delivering an address to the young couple of so touching a character that there.' waa hardly a dry eye among those present j on the occasion. Victorian Moralitt. — One of the most extraordinary cases that has ever been brought before the Australian law courts is about to be heard, and the ovidence:will make it equal in interest to' that of the Mbrdaiint divorce. A squatter is the defendant, and his own son and his old mistress are the plaintiffs. The, female plaintiff was engaged by defondant as his housekeeper, but she lived with him as his wife for six years. The son meanwhile (writes the Melbourne correspondent of the ' ' ' Horsham Times) acted as book-keeper on the station, the housekeeper living with the old man in much splendour in Mel bourne. At- the end of the time the son married tho father's mis tress, thus incensing the old man to such an extent that he altered a will he had ? made in his son's favour. During the son's reign^as book-keeper on tho station he had bought a piano for £55. This sum he now demands of his father, and seeks to recover by a County Court action. The wife demands iB53 for wages, and tho old man defies them both. Ho alleges that the piano was included in tho expenses of tho station, and that the lady had her money in her music lessons and other educational facilities that ho provided for . her while sho was his household fairy. All parties are equally resolute. Tho lawyers will reap a fine harvest, and the washing of dirty linen is expected to outdo overy per formance of that kind which has yet been '?? achieved in public. Post- office Savings Bank. — The Post office, Money Order, and Savings Bonk, at Hobart, has been removed to offices at the . Mutual Provident Chambers, in Elizabeth streot. Money orders can now be obtained at offices abroad, in the colonies, and coun tries named elsewhere, on an oxtra pay ment for a telegraphic message. In another column will bo found a number of regulations in connection with the Post- '''''?. office Savings Bank, including those, ? , relating, to deposits by married women, . '? which are their separate property. ' ' 