' RECOLLECTIONS OF THE STAGE. Br Australian. —Lilt to ma, anl silcot y, 11 not with patience. —the Hcxciiback. My boat did Eail, or rather floated. I cannot Bay that the sailing hag been remarkable for ite freedom. The wind has often been decidedly of a contrary character, or, at tbe be3t. bat a soldier's wind ; and as forth, stream, it has ran mc into every shallow and flat it conld discover in its coarse. I have been agronnd, high and dry — very dry — more then once on the voyage, bat I have bo far managed to float off, though occ,- Bionnll.T I have had snch a cargo of assorted mis- foitucea on board that I have often wondered when looking back that I'm not " a Bbeer bulk" like pror Tom Bowling. Henderson's company, of which, be it remsmbered, I wa3 an unit, remained in the same town for seme months, daring which time nothing occurred worlby of special record. Wo glided along in monotonously uninterrupted satistactoriliness, if I except the occasional h.rmlees bickerings of the " old man" and " old woman" of the troupe. They were a peculiar pair. The old man was a ecion tf nobility — a well read man, - in whoso society it was a pleasure and a profit to pass an hour or two. I know that it was b pleasure to me, nnd a profit, too. You may not think so, but that's no' my fault. Well, this "old man" was whimsical, and hia whimsicality took the shape of atrumed lll-r.atute. He wss niwaya ap parently as snappish as a dog with fore ears in the fly season. He couldn't give a civil reply to 11 question once in toree times— no, not for the Kobinoor. But his grumpiness mads no difference to those who knew hlra, Tney knew that tint rough voice could quiver at a story of distress ; that those snaggy brows overhung wells of pity, aud that the rettles?. impatient hand was ready to dive into his pocket before the tale of woe was tiuished. j The "old woman" was very similar in disposition, only that her eccentricities Were exhibited in a graceful md feminine manner. Where he would i nor), see would le frigidly polite. When he wonld growl, fihowoulrl be calmly satirical. Two illustrations of this remarkublo couple will give my readers an idea of their dispositions. One day the "old rasn" — who comoined scene-painting with the "old men" — vra3 "slapping" in some thing for a coming production, when tse stage runribger or tomeone e'.se in pro war, came on ths stage, and go.ng up to the paiut-frame, asked the artist whet the scene was intended fur — meaning what piece it was being painted for. Old Sasrhy turned Tound with a .cowl, and afficting to think tbat his questioner was trying to h.s funny at his expense, answered, " It is intended for a strip — did I'lii thi r k it was a cow ."' Then flinging thu brush among the rigging of tho ship, walked out of ths thu.tre, sweating that he'd never set foot in it again. In half an Hour's timo he was flapping away at the ship a> if nothing bad happened, 'i he " old wcrnari" — oimd when I suy "old woman" I um only ueing a t'lehnicality, lor "old woman" is a term which, entirely apart from its lack of 1 legance, I would never use to any lady in the pro- fisston — or out of it — uniiss 1 felt myEelf well beyend striking distance ; I would'nt do it even if the lady were old enough to be -MethusalaVs grand mother. As I was about to say, this " old woman" was a highly accomplished lady; her French, upon which fhe especially prided h.rself, was equal in its purity to that of a native-born Parisian. One day at rehearsal the lidy had a part in which a quantity of French occurred ; the tarty who was holding the book at tbe time, read the French portion of the part as if be intended to instiuct the lady intbe pronunciation. Sheallowed him to finish, then in.king him a low conrtesy firft read file French — then coolly translated it into English — and continued to do tbia all through ths character, to the chagrin of tho prompter, and tbe normall amusement of the rest of the com pany. Now these two oddities were constantly at war — the one growling, and the o,h»r irrita'.ingly ironical — and as ia their respective lines ihey were necessarily thrown much together, rebearials and the performances were often made amusing to the company by their skiimialies. All serin of pro phecies weie uttered as to the end to which tin belligerents would come, but none ever dream! of the end linalc at which they did arrive — they were married. No one over could give even a remote gness as to huw it came about ; they only knew that it w»s so — nnd it was unanimously conccdrd tbat dreadful as the anticipations undoubtedly were regarding the ultimate fate of these queer people, the reality was many degrees more dismal. After their marriage, they quarrelled no more— they had (lone it all before ihe knot was tied — u riversal in the ord.r of conjugal affairs worthy of wio oipr-ad imita tion. I havo heard since teat after some years of "felicity," this strange pUr quietly separated. There were now-rj,, ro lawyer., no trouble of any kind. They simply parted, that wes all. When our season concluded, we went to nntoher d ggitgs, then a "new rush," Must people are famili'-i with the appearance of a " new iirdt." 1 shall not. therefore, describe thisono in particular. Let it Butlicetrat it p ossessed alt tne characteristics of til " new rurlics " ; the streets were a" muddy as any " ruth," new or o'u, could desire. The grog shinties left nothing to be desired, so far as number was concerned. I cannot ss.v as much for the quality of the liquor retailed therein. There was n'ready a company performing at an opposition theatre when we arrived. It. chard aud Fred Yourge weie the pr>saling spirits at this homo, the "leading lady " was a SLss lierbertc, en excellent actress — she died on this township. Our temple of the drama was a brand-new struc ture, and liko all the other edilicis by which we were surrounded, it was built of wo.d and cinvas. It was called tho Pavilion, rather an apropos title considering the nature of the roof. It was a sight to r,ee that house ut about 8.1)0 of an eveoing, especially upon a Saturday evening, tor then tho diggers would " roll up " to witne-a the drama set nsidc for their delectation, The piece was generally ot a nautical character, abounding in bailiffs, much-wronged femininity, pirates, smugglers, and the inevitable stage rrailor. I have seeu Ned Holloway. ar a British tar, fight four bLck-muzzled villains at once. He smote one to earth with a quid of tobscce, felled two others with his fist, and after a terrific light with short cutlasccs, owrc.imu ths fourth, and took the bhip all by himself ; after which the eapL in, oiiicers, and men, who were supposed to ho similarly engaged in aucther pa it rf the '.--:el, rii.hed on and obligingly gave thrie cnecrsfor old England and Jack Junk, or Tom .->par, or what ever name the gentle Kdmuud was known by for the time being. Jlow the " gods " would applaud and whistle — tve had "gods" — though we had no gallery. Our gsllery consisiod of the "ties" .13 they are called, beams running across from one wallplate to the other. Upon these beams the boys and rocii would perch, some sitting cross- liggrd, some standing up and holding on to the rafters. They were our " gods," and a noisy iot of divinities they were, i have seen the house so full upon a .Saturday night, that not only was every team nnd raltor occupied, but the orchestra and tbe stage itself were enoroaehed upon. The difficulty in those days was, not to get the people in, but to keep them out. Alas ! on those town ships now-a-days this is quite reversed. When the manager thought that a change in the character of the entertainment would be beneficial, he effected an engagement with Mr J.R. Greville, who, with Mrs Greville and Miss Harriet Wool- dridge, was at that time playing burlesque. In this line Greville was the best card in the colony. He certainly was intensely funny. I have since heard that previous to his taking to burlesque Mr Greville used to play Othello. I should think that he would be intensely funny in that also. I should like to Eec Greville play the Moor of Yoniee. I think ; that one opportunity of seeing Mr J. 11. Greville j prancing round in " Othello" would compensate "for nil the ills that llesh is heir lo." Mrs Greville was and is a most amiable lady. I have neetr found anyone who didn't like Mrs Greville, but I don't think thst she ever cared for the stage. Miss Harriet Wooldridge was a sprightly little bur- lesque artiste, but she has long since quitted the stage. She concluded that in the game of life she han found a surer card — she married a Mr Card — that's a joke. 1 don't mean the marriage, that's no joke. In the times of which I write burlesque was comparatively new, at least on the mines, and this company was highly successful. Greville in "Camaralzaman," "Conrad and Medora," the "Bride of Abydos," &c.;, was sufficient to insure a big house. No extensive adver- tising was necessary; indeed, theatrical ad- vertising was infantile compared to the gigantic proportions at which it has arrived. In Ami rica it has assumed almost tha position ! ; if a (tisli:.ct art; lots ot the American theatrical printing if woith fronting ; it is not always am ex. | n.-t repiescuiation of the performance it advertises, 1 for too tfun a »hotvs what the performauee ought to le, rather than what it really is. This remark applies more particularly to circuses than to dramatic entertainments. The depths of mendacity to which circus proprietors will go in the matter cf advertising is appalling. The approach of a circos is always heralded by an irrnption of print ing in every hne under heaven. Men and animals in every conceivable and inconceivable position, whole menageries of wild beasts, are depicted in cages, which in themselves wonld occupy a large- ! sized tent. Fiery steeds, with smoking nostrils, ; are pictured flying over gates and through hoopB, | the reality of which would require a 40-acre pad- ; dock. But when the hippodrome (I) arrives it is ; generally found to bo an ordinary mmagerie j within whose limits the "wall-paper," couldn't be j realised, cnlee3 tbe men and women were pigmies, j and tbe quadrupeds were all in proportion to the | bipedr. 1 do not fay that this is always ths case. | Sometimes the exhibitions approach with.n a j nftf enable distance of the advertisements, but as j a ru'e they don't, and the reason is this — in ; Ami rica circures are conducted on leviathan | principles, and the printing is appropriately huge: but the smaller fry obtain this fame psper, ! and the result is that the best part of the show is j on the walls. How the public stind this kind of j exaggerated advertising (ill-natortd persons might j rail it by a harsher name) I cannot understand. I I feel quite certain that if the sime thing were d me ' b.y dramatic people it would defeat itself and tho i rtsult would he empty benches. I'm not q'lite sure . that the iaw couldn't inteifere and prosecute for j obtaining money under false pretences. The rlif- I ficuity would he to prove tint the defendants had t obtained any money. I'm sure they'd obtain very j little, at ali'evects after the first nigbt. I don't j write thus because 1 bear the circus any deadly t animosity ; on tho contrary, I like the circus. I I enjoy the harmless tricks of the clown ami smile at bis time-honoured jokep. Aa a rule tho life of a : circus petformcr is a rough one. Of nece-sity ; obliged to begin the profession at an early age while 1 tbe limbs are EUpple lie is cut oil from many social i advantage?, tbe "loss of which he bitterly ex- | ptrienccs in after life. Compelled to expose his ! Iiame in its flimsy covcricg " to c?ery wind thst blows," iften travelling ail day, and playing ut night — p.oor fellow, lm lot is indeed a har t one. But this iloisnt alter the fact tbat circus pro- prio'ort do over- advertise. Speaking of sdverti?- ing, reminds me of a tcine I witnessed on the mines wnere 1 was ploying small, but " very im portant" parts with Gretille. I know tli.t tne jiaits were small, often very small, but I'm not convincid tlre-t tliey wir; always " important, " The mar.Bg. r always said that they were, and I tcok his word for it. In toose days tbe oeliman was one of the principal advertising mediums. The bellman on the mines was an in=timt;on. and a vr ry considerable one too. He was regarded as the bos', means of advertising show-, auctions, or indi-td anything inquiring large publicity. Ho cru'd go up the gullies and all through the claims where the biilsticker hid no chance. The toner or his cowerfol organ were heard where there was no place to stick a hill. But ti e hcllmait is interdicted now ; he is a thing of the pest, his ' i.ccupution gone." As I have shiri, there wire two theatres open on this town-hip ; well, erca one had it3 own bellman, whore: duty it was to vaunt the excellence of tbe p»rticular "shop" he represented. Night after night an admiring crowd would he entertained in scmclhuig after this fashion, "all solo, grand vocal prelude, " Oh, yes !" and then a recitative aftir this style — "Theatre Boyal to-night I to night ! great, overpowering, overwhelming (they wne always great on adjectives), undeniable, and never-to-be-forgotten success of the thrilling drama of the ' Broken Bsttle, or the Drunkard's Dcom.' Me>srs ltichard aud Fred Younge, tho greatest living exponents of the drama, a full orchestra of five performera, and no mod on tbo pathway in front. God save the Queen." Another bell solo, and thus tbe other performer. Bell obligato — " Ob, yes ! Oh, yes I Ob, yes Pavilion theatre to-night.' the home of mirth, music, and jollity. HrEdmund Hollow-ay, theT. P. Cooke of the colonies, in the magnificent nautical drama entitled 'The Demon of tbe Deep, or tbe Tars of Old England,' in which he will fight a double- handed combat, ting ' Rule Britannia,' and dance a hornpipe, artcr which tbe greatest comedian tbat e»er drew the breath of life — the sido-splrtting Gravilie — will appear in the glorious, gorgeous, and most indeicribsbly magnificaut extri.v«ganza of ' Camavalzaman,' Roll-up 1 Roll-up — God Save th» QueeD, " In this strain were the rival cam panologists holding forth upon tbe occasion to which I refer ; quite a crowd of miners and others stood around the wordy combatants encouraging thtm in the verbal fight. After a time the mob divided itself into two factions, the one taking pail with tLe boyal representative and the other inciting to fresh e'cqiwnce the chamoion of the Pavilion. Loud and strong the linguistic battle raged; fiercely and quickly did the Royal ringer hurl adjtctives and adverbs at the huail of his rival ; loudly did he vaunt the wondrous at rac'.ioLS, the transcendent genius of the occupant? of tbe Royal. Tho concentrated taler-ta of all the tragedians that ever lived since "Kosciua v.-ks an stcvor in Rome," down to tho in stant at which the spetlre-r thtn speaking tp„ke, could not in the remotest degree compare with those of Mr Itichsid Yc unge :.nd tho galaxy of stars by which be v.as bui roundel. Nor was the Herald of dlie advise fsction in the leas; wanrirgin rhetoric. By his account, the Prviiion wav the lepoEiiory of ail that was grand in mm ar.d hc-antiful in woman. No impersonator of nautical character since Noah started a boat on his own account, could hope to bear a shadow of comparison with Mr E. Holloway. He waa etu- rouneid as hy a Im.io wit li tho spirit of T. P. Cooke. Even as the shide o: the blasphemous Vandcnlecken is compelled to hover for ever over tbe Eca, so the envious ghost of the defunct T.P.C. was obiiped to float over the mssiivo head of the burly Edmund in npito of itself, endov/ing him with oceanic greatness, which has never been ap. preached by any " British tar" living or dead. And then how grandiloquently did he l.ud Mr Greville. He wes tho greatest "comedian in the southern or any other hemisphere. Before him all others were compelled to "hide their diminished beads. Ho was by far the most mirth-inspiring "mime" that ever "pulled a mug"; one who de pended upon his wondrouB fund of natural humour, and never descended to "gag one who revered his authcr, and never spoke a word more thin was eet down for him, and yet kept his audience in a continual simmer of enjoyment, until, unable to hold any more, they ovei'llowed with merriment. Aud then the ladies. According to him, .in them were combined all the beamy, all the grace, and ail the histrionic ability of 11 actresses of all t.mes. And thus tha batle of the bellmen raged iorUho best psrt of an hour, stiil incited by the laughing crowd, until at length they grew hearse, and their "flo'.vers of speech " weru becoming rather mdisliuot. The truth was that while the one was haranguing the public the other was fortifying himself for fresh exertions hy imbibing "potations pottle-deep" ; then when his turn came to talk— 1 should say to shout — the other would follow his example in the drinking line. At last the vocal organs of the two eollapsc-d— for a time nothing could bo heard .hut the clanging of .hrbell?, "tiiH ringing and the swinging of the belli — bells — hells," when suddenly he of the Royal made a dart at him of tha "Pavvy," when a terrific struggle commenced. In tbe middle of the road, calf.ilecp in mud, did they maul each other. Now the adherent of the Royal would ba upper most, then the doughty gladiator of the Pavilion would appear on top. Soou it became a matter of extreme cjfiieulty to distinguish the one from tha other ; they were so completely covered with mud. 'i he crowd waa frantie with delight; no one tried to end the fearful strife — on the contrary, the public cheeted them on. The police were, of course, non est. It wss a better performance than eocii bo obtained at any thenrro, and it h.d the em-.mcua advantage .of being free. The com batants had dropped their bells at the beginning of tho melee, and used only nature's weapons.. It began to be evident at last that he of the Pavilion was growing weak ; his oppo nent of " tbe potations " bifore alluded to began to telTupon him; his blows were ineffective; he (came up only to be knocked dojvn, when suddenly a brilliant Idea sc-emed to occur to him. AVhen nuxtlie tell he groped about for awhile, and succeeded iu finding his bell. With this, he ouce mote staggered to bis feet, and reeling with his last re maining strength ution bis antagonist, planted a well-annF.il blow with the lull weight ol the hell upon trat gentleman's countenance, which " floored " him in the mud, still and spcecb- hs;. Then attempting to produce the sound p.eculkrr ;to the trumpet of tbe moro, brhdu chanticleer," but which vocal effort was a pitiablo failure, march-d off in a zig-zrg fashion that wai lnieiifely awaking down to the Pavilion, fol lowed by the greater part of the onlookers, who z'' much enjoyed his grand display of ' the noble art," and applauded the generalship which i tinning all its forces fail, found "melalmore at-' ( tractivo " in ti e trusty bell- Shortly after this "ciead .encounter" our company iigrntod to another town, where I became associated with new incidents and fresh fices, an account of which I re setve for my next 