CAULFIELD. I , Thursday.-Thia morning, Mr. 1). Bobinson sent Merry ; Fanella twice round on the .grass at a good,, sharp cantor. Who finished up with a BÏiarp half mile. Cupola, who look» tho picture ot health, was ti-eaied to throe Btoady tums oa tho grass, and brushed home from the bottom tum on tho ' course proper Vivian was treated to walking exorcise.' i Don Quixote did three mild turns on the grass. Capri I (O'Brien un) cantnrcd onco round, and was picked np ab tho milo post by l'issue Tho pair ran a very strong milo. Tho tiup horse did not please tho touts, audeeems to be a . blt sore, but willthrow it off. The ground at Ballark is very hard Le Grand (O'Brien np) was treated to thruo turns oa the Band. Tho last was done at a good, sharp canter» Eglinton (with a hood on and tn iickinbothsni up)-cantered : once round steadily. Campbell next appeared with Mo zart, and Wonga cantered once round tho course proper. Mozart jumped ott from 4he mile poso and was joined at tho haU-niilo post. The pair brushed alow? together. The» former padsed the post a length in advnnco. B. Batty treated Umburto to a ebarp epiu of fivo furlongs. On tario and Doceiver were «ont two strong turns on tho [ inuortruck, i'he hurdle racer weut free -and well. Yately (with Malone up) waa the uext to appear, and went once round on tho grass at a ßharp canter. *f he^ecocd tara was done at half paoo. lately finished up» ; witbi a «trong mile and u. half and moved ia takiug style» i Thia was the best gallop of the worni*^ Ecid waa tho next to appear. He started by sending ttorfolkand th Ot Ghost a-strong round en tho cour»e proper. The former polished off the sou of Hamlet and Mystery rather easily, jvuucio twith Bryant), and Tipprrtty Witcbett (with* Blair), cantered up to tho half-unlo post and broke away. The former hada-lot the bu¿<t of the Btart, but the latter answered the -whip, and jnst'managed to get home. Grace 1 "Darliugand Tumult strode along tor a mile and u-half. The» latterwuo disappointed bia friends ab Elsternwick hadt hrflöt I lengths tho best of it. Burra Burra, who look3 a bit light, was treated to good serviceable work on the sand. Mr. J.» j G. Heywood treated Spartan, who looks big and well, to» ; two strong turua on the outer track. Gilderoy did useful ¡ work on the Band. Mr. T. Jones gave rir samuel tour mild turns on the sand, Melodious (with Blair upi, j c*ntored and .ûuished up with a sharp half mile, 'i'ùa ; Maribyrnong Plato candidate winTare " buckle." Corio-* ' lanu3 ^with young Blair, the -ist lad) waa given 1 our titra» on the grass, and strode home from the bottom tarn. Violet and First Pop'cantered once round on the iñne* traok, and then brushed along for af our furlongs spin. Thc pair finished together. - ' , , " " 