I EOHOES OF MELBOURNE. -ý (By Tun GHOST.) Parliament is evidently beginning to realise tlhe fpct that up:, to the' present their time has beei mostly occupied with words,, words, ..words," and that if any work has to be done, "'twere well done *'twere done quickly.'" In about eight weeks the session will terminate, and .unless the slaughter of the, innocents is 'to be on a scale that shall out-Herod Terod, the serious: business of legislation must be gone on with and the loquacity of honourable members severely curbed. In piursuance, no doubt, of this.feeling, the' Couiicil, after a two "nights' debate, passed the second reading 'of the Land Bill, and' allowed one or two unimportant, bills to be placed on the Statute book, almost without discussion: When the Railway Bill is sent up; the Upper. House . desire to be able to devote their' entire attention to the question of questions. And as it has been proposed that' evidence in regard to the necessity of some of the, proposed lines shall be taken at the bar, the, period.at their, disposal before: the recess is quite short enough: , The new propositions of the Government, smade in' deference to the generally, ex pressed wish of hionourable members on both sides 'of the Assembly, were, accord-: ing to promise, submitted on Wednesday. As predicted in last week's Echoes, nearly all the:lines originally included in Mr.' Bent's Bill of 1882, and omitted. from the present measure, have been restored, and the member for Brighton made" happy. The omissions are unimportant, and consist of the proposed line between Sand ridge and the Yarra' mouth-a useless piece of woek, inserted by Mr. Bent to placate the member for Williamstown, and. the railways icto the Gippslaud mountains, which were neither "f political'" nor "politic" lines, and could, sowing"to the ensurpassabls engineering ". difficulties attaching to their construction; never 'have advanced beyond the "paper ".stage. But althoughtsthe concessions of'tls'e Goyern eent are large, tuere are still some (us satisfied liaimants. The mileage has been increased from 927 to 1120, and yet, emu lating Oliver Twist, -the people's repre sentatives are askiig "for more." These' gentlemen have- evidently never heard, or' entirely ignore theo French proverb that avers, " La pls joliefille du .monde ne peut donicr que .ce qg'el e a." The Government, despite, the fact that they are willing to' borrowefive millions, instead of four as at. first intended,, :iave had to put its foot down. . ,The additions , proposed': to the original scheme comprised 870 miles of line. The Government have conceded 193. c- The light and airy manner'in'which thil Railay I Bill is beiig treated is worthy'of note:;' I -less than two hours forty-nine railways were passed, anid the'expenditure of four millions of money authorised by the Assembly. Had these millions-like the historical ones of Colo6el Smith-only' needed' extraction from. the boots ofithe' gallant officer, and not a financial operation on'- the London Stook Exchange, they could not have been more'jauntily disposed of. Iideed, some of the legislators appear to hae "'partly realised this fact, i for Professor Pearson; who is the Cassandra of the Ho6ise, riveighed against tle indecent haste:bof the -Assembly, aiid ensiFuired of " Mistali Spekali" if it would not seriously damage the "charactah" of the colony wihen it became known that forby-siine railways, 'costing four millions of money, had been decided upon in a.few minutes, and amidst shouts' of " laughtah " the only members who.did not join in the general hilarty weroMessrs. A. T. Clark, Mason, M'Coll, and Mackay.. The promoters of the " Great Octopus. Extended" have every reason to be proud of the success that has crowned" their efforts in floatiig their venture. Mr. Bent's "Great Octopuis" was a success 'in its way; but it is fairly eclipsed' by Mr. Gillies's, who gives all the' old: promoters' promised,: and some 200 miles more into the bargain. There. dre persons so singularly ignorant of -human nature-that is in its political aspect-as to hope that the Council in its wisdom will see fit to amend the schedule of the Railway Construction' Bill by' strik ing out a number 6f 'the lines passed by the Lower House, and thus not pledge the' country for some eight or nine years ito come. But self- preservatioei is said to be the first: law of nature, 'and most of our senators have too;lively a sense of what is due to their own' interests to risk their seats by 'adoptiing any course, however patriotic. The days have' gone by when it was the'fashion to believe in the maxim, Dulce et' deborise est pro 'atrid mori. Now a-days politicians prefer to live on their'colntry to'dyingfor it. Our present Governor, unlike his predei. cessdr, has'no estates " out at nurse," ad is' hot, therefore, .under thel necessity of practising 'the c'co'asie s ie':e boists de chandelles that made the Marquis of Nor manby such 'a poor :Amphytritn. Bo is not troubled by- the res aigu?tsta domi thkt kept" the :portals of' 'the ballroom at Government; House: under the '"regime recently terminated, as closely' barred as the Tehiple' of' Janus during the time of :peace. Invitations have been issued fori a ball on th'e 5th. Novemlber- which is thisyyear'to be sacred to theogay. instead of the Guy, and for a lawn party on a very extensive scale on the 29thlinst. Sir Henry.and Lady Loch appear to realise that vice-royalty has its duties .as'well as its privileges, and are not desirous of keel ing all the beer and skittles of life~'to their own share. The Chief Justice, Sir William Stawell,. has return'ed'fromliis' halth-seekiig trip to New Soith Wales, but is not sufficiently restored tobo able to resume' work. As always hippens' before a new" Supreide :Court Judge is placed on the bench, there is at present m'uch talk about their Honors be ing overworked. The new JudicatiureAct, which was to set legal matters right, has not; up to the present, proved the success its authors hoped, although it would be unfair to condemn it as a failure after the very short trial it has had. But straws proverbially. show the way .the wind blows, and the reimours aneht th 'appoint ment of'another judge-even if Sir William Stawell does not retire-are indicative of what will in all probability happen'. 'It is pretty safe. to prophesy that-during the next Parliamentary recess Mr.; Service's Go-vernient'l will . lose : the . Attorney General.' 'Mr. Kerferd, in whose gift the ermine is, will bestow. it upon himself. The accession of the member for Beech worth to the Supreme Court Bench will be an -apt illustration of- the saying., that " hverything comes at last:to him who waits." John Briscoe Kerford has waited patiently for at least fifteen' years. Once or twico.he has been near the attainment of his desires, but there has always been a hitch in the arrangements.., Now: there is very little' likelihood .of. there being any slip " 'twixt cup and lip." . , Despito. the exertions of. his 'legal. ad visers, aid his advocates in Parliament, O'Brien, whob'shot a farmer- who had bought some land of .which he- had been dispossessed by the Bank, has expiated his crime oi th ascaffold. The Government were ,strongly. pressed to reprieve the crimifiall against whom the evidence was entirely circumstantial. But they wisely opined that in this case it was rightto allow the'law to take its course. The murder of 'M'Ainslh. is the first agrarian outrage that has been. perpetrated, in the colony, and the Ministry have done well to let people know that it is not their desire to see the-haibits'and customs of "sweet Tipperary" imported into Victoria. The enqiiry by a Royal Commission into the management of the Lunatic Asylums of the colony is not taking place a day too soon. Only some dozen witnesses have up to the present been examined, but their tvidence is quite sufficient to show that a most disgraceful system lhas been in ox istence for years, and that many of the horrors of' the "mad .house" of a past generation still attach to the Government institutions'for thlie relief of the insane in Victoria.' ,'. Persons are incarcerated whose sanity 'is'~inquestionable. 'Acts of the groasestlcruelty, in som casesh-esulting in Ithe death of the unhappy patients; are perpetrated; the duties of warden .often allowed to be discharged by insane people, while- the- officials "' take French. leave," and the food prepared for the unfortunate inmates of a kind at which, in the words of one of thewitnsesses, "a pig would turn up its nose." Indeed, in respect to the coffee,: which is so bad that there are '' several bags lying unused in the wards," Mr. Blackett, a well-known analytical chemist, and late member of the Assembly for the, district of Fitzroy, stated that it was "the vilest compound he had ever examined." The whole of the evils aire distinctly trace able to political'iiifluenee." The officials of the -Ke-w and 'Yarra Bend establishments command nearly a hundred voytes in the small electorate of Boroondara, and are thus able to turn any election; and they openly: boast of tlieir ability to' returi "who they like." Public feeling is now, however, fairly roused; and ere long the besbm of reform will be vigorously at work. Compared with the Victorian lunatic asylums, the famed Aujean stables must have been models of cleanliness and good management.. : Tlhe near approach of Melbourne's annual racing carnival has caused the various places of .public amusement to put forth their best endeavours to' please their patrons. At the Royal Opera House, which hah been 'closed for the last few days, in order that the requisite changes necessi tated by the production of :the new dralma "In the Ranks," might be 'carried out, was to- night presented: to a crowded audience.: At the Bijou there is no sign of a change, "Fun on the Bristol" being still the .standing dish. At the Princess. a week of comic opera has been inaugurated by the production of " Les OClochs de Corneville," while at the Royal "The. Rivals," with a powerful cast, is beiing given. At the: Victoria: Hall' the Baldwine still continue .to mystify, people with th'eir spirit manifeststionsandthought readings.'. SOctober.25. " " 