Ensilage on its Trial. The number of experiments instituted in England with the object of testingthe utility of the silo system of preserving greeii crops instead of converting them into hay, has become large enough to force the Royal Agricultural Society into recognising their existence. Although somewhat late in the day, a commission has been appointed to examine and inquire into the details and their results, and Mr. H. M. Jenkins, who has given so mriiy excellent reports on otliei agri cultural subjects, was conunissioned to conduct the inquiry. Accordingly, he spent the latter part of January in visit ing a number of farms on which silos liad been fitted ou the new principle, in the couutics of Durham and York, and at each place so visited large numbers of fanners assembled, thus showing how widespread is the interest felt in this, the newest departure from the routine larm husbandry of Great Britain. The prin ciple referred to asnewistliatofbuilding silos above ground, instead of excavating pits. Oil many English farms there are old and uuused buildings which, with little or no alteration, may be turned into silos. Limc-kilns and old brick-kilns have been pressed into the service, and the experience gained with them has led owners to erect larger structures, and to adopt improved methods of filling them. By way of exemplifying the procedure we note the description given by the manager at Pepper Ardcn. Here the whole of the fodder was brought to the upper portion of the building, passed through a chaffcutter, and thence into the silo, where it was evenly spread, and then compressed with iron weights (placed on boards), which were about one and a half hundred weight to each super ficial ' foot. These weights were cast metal, of brick shape, witty a deep grove at each end by which they could be lifted; they were run into that shape instead of being made into pig iron. ' A large silo, of course, required a larger number of weights ; but if you could get a deep silo, tlie cost of weights would be less; 128 tons liad been stored there, and there had been no waste of any description. This building (the manager went on to say) had been used for holding straw aud q tlier things, and was 12 feet deep, and, having been adapted, was not ai) example of a building made lor the purpose. He might say, however, that if he were building a silo he should put it above ground, for that would be an advantage, inasmuch as when you have to fill it, and it is necessary to lose as little time as possible, you have long days, and when you make use of the food tlie days are the shortest. He was satisfied as to the utility of this plan of storing food, more especially on strong land where turnips could not be grown. Of course he pre ferred a mixed food, aud the beasts them selves preferred their food mixed. All that he wanted to do was to demonstrate that stock would do well on this kind of food without turnips ; he was now giving it to his ewes, and they were getting to like it.' We gather that the pitted food was 571b. per cubic foot. They did not take wet days in preference to dry days for filling tlie silo, but it had had hap pened that the weather was wet during the whole of the time the silo -was being tilled. A tap had been inserted next the bottom of the building, and tlu-ough this from 50 to 60 gallons of l-icli looking fiuid liad been drawn off. Half-au-pintoftliis liad been given to each pig daily, and since tliey had got it they would scarcely cat theirfood without it. It appears that when fodder m put in dry no fluid would run out ; its presence was there fore, clearly due to tho rain. The liiiz chopped feed was in as good condition as that which had passed tlu-ougli the cliafl cutter. The comparative cost of making hay aud pitting the green grass is, of course, an important matter, but it appears that would cost 20s. In the cutting of hay, 'would cost 24s. to cut, chop, and put into a silo. ' Ou the other haiid^ the pitted food cost only £2 a ton, and to be cquixalent hay should be £10 n ton, so that there was a very great increase in value lor the slight additional cost of pitted food.' Some admissions were made regarding the effects of the food oil butter and milk ; it was said that the flavour was not as bad as was sometimes given by turnips and other food, whilst the cows kept a more even flow of milk, and throve upon it, whilst those on hay fell ofl' in both ways. In one instance brick walls nine inches thick had been, erected, and cement had been viBcAjto lend strength to the building. In alT^ cases a mixture of food appears to have been employed iu feeding, but ensilage had taken the place of hay aud turnips, and so the comparison lay besween them. It is obvious that greatadvantages would be likely to accrue to English farmers' from being able to save a large part of their hay crops in wet seasons by pitting tlieni. I n many summers it is impossible to make even moderately sound hay of clover and meadow grass, but under the system of preserving those crops iu silos - tlie risk is wholly avoided, and agriculture in fickle climates is thus placed on a more secure basis. It is suggested that that, in England two cuttings oftrifolium (scarlet clover) can be pitted in one season, ana that two crops ot ninety-aay maize may be sown aud taken off the same ground, for it is not desirable to allow the stalks to become very firm before cutting. , This will enable farmers to keep much more stock upou their land, to make proportionately more manure, and thus increase their profits. Some interesting results were elicited by Mr. Jenkins at Lord Londesborough's farm, where the ensilage was fed to milch cows : — ' For ten days, from January 1 to the 10th, four cows received 181h. Jiay, 31b. choppy, 101b ground oats, 1411). mangels, and 31b. cotton cake— 4SH). each cow, and 1,095ft. of milk was realised in the ten days. From January 11 to the 20th the same animals had 281b ensilage, 141b mangels, 31b cotton cake, and 101b ground oats — 581b each cow, (he total weight of milk given being 1,1161b, an increase of 211b in favour of ensilage. From the 21st until the 25tli the roots were omitted, and the dietary consisted of 101b oats, 31b cot ton cake,'olh maize meal, and 321b en silage, the eows yiciding 5781b of milk, which if considered proportionately the same for ten days would give an increase of 011b in favour of ensilage.' We have been stating facts in connexion with eu silage in England, where the climate is often unfavourable to the making of bay, and where the pitted food would be re quired for consumption only in the winter, and, in some cases, during the early spring. The supjiosed advantages have been fairly stated by the advocates 6f the system, but a little more light might have been thrown on the cost of buildings and other items of value. It is, of course, : quite possible for such a system to be of value under one range of climate and to have little or no value under another. Australian farmers have to work out the problem for themselves, the conditions under which tliey have to carry on their business being altogether different from those existing in Great Britain. It is noteworthy also that ensilage has many friends in' (he United States, especially in the eastern portions; farmers there allege that tliey can keep double the num ber of stock tliey were able to do before adopting this system of pitting their food. In connexion with this statement it must not be forgotten that the winters in those states are severe, and that the conditions, therefore, are English rather than Aus tralian. — Au-stralanian. A 'cute animal. — Tho chameleon rcckons himself a clevcr little beast bccausc he can chan^ebi-colour, but Jmlson's Dyes willchangc ibe hue of any material. Judson's Artists' Black gives a '- new dress suit ' to firegrate and finder. Judson's Gold Paint turns old picture frames and cumicrs into n--w ones. Judson is an Alchemist, and the Chemists, Stationers, and Storekoci ere nro his Agents Small Capitalists wishing t-' Establish a Business should see if there is an conning for* Mineral Water Manufactory in their district. All information and receipts for the purpoao i making Lemonade, Soda Water, Sic., is given ; previous knowledge is not neccssary The jem.ind for these drinks is so much on the in crease, in all parts of the world, that tbe outlay ? for the machinery in all cases leads to a .profit able and safe business. Catalogue forwarded free, or can be ha*, at tbe office of this paper on nayment of Is.— BAIinett and Fosteb. Engi neers 230, Forston street. London, N. ?jiay Good Digestion wait on Appetite, 6ays Shakespeare, but ' good digestion ' will never wait upon bad bread, ami it is therefore of the gieati st impurt .ncelliat in making bread one should use only those loavcniDg -agents which have acquired a high rcputution through lo g use in households throughout the world Foremost amongst thcB\ must be rcckoncd . ' 1'orwick'sGold Medal Baking P owder,' which had stood the test in every climate of the world Gel ii, use it, and add your testjmofly to that of iho millions who praise it. Woman's Spheue — There are few men now so benigMcil as to believe that woman's mission can be summed up in Shakespeare's words : ' To suckle fools and chronicle small beer.' Yel a woman is none the worse for knowing how to bake bread or make a custard, and in both these little arts she is greatly asBisted by Messrs. liorwick & (Sons, who, for bcrconrcni ence, have produc ?'! their celebrated ' Baking Powder' and Gold Medal ' Custard Powder.' Willi the former arii'-lc the most palatable bread, cakes, and pastry can be ; prodnced speedily, and with marvellously little trouble; whilBl, with the latter, she is independent; of the domestic hen, and call make the most de\lciou- cuptards, blaric-znanges, &c.;, at half tkd usual time. Advice to Mothers I— Are yon broken in your rest by a sick child Buffering with the pain of cutting teeth 1 Go at once to a chemist and get a buttle of Mas. Winslow's Soothing SYliur. It will rclivo the poor enfferer im mediate ly. It is perfectly harmless arid' pleas* ant to taste, it prodiiccs natural, qniet «leep, by relieving the child from pain, , and the little chcrob awakes Vas bpigjit as a button.!' It sothes the child, it softens the gums, aljays all pain, relieves wind, regulates the bowels, and iB the beBt known remedy for dysentery and diarrhasa, whether arising from teething or other causes. Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup iB Bold by Medicine dealers everywhere at It, 1 }d. per bottle, Ghosts. — Anatteipt is being made in the old country to revive the tcli(f in visitant frcm another world, and many arc tbe wonders ful stories that fill some of the journals. Tbe ? sceptical mind is, however, Inclined to adopt Scrooge's reuiark to Mnrley's ghost : 41 How. do 1 kno'v thai jou are not a bit of undigested bread 7' for, of all the ghost producers, a bitof ' heavy' tji-i- - d i - Ihe most potint. It is a won der, ihirefo-'', - i'ht people do not adoptthe sorest 6pell ij^oii sf, ghosts by using Borwick'a Gold Medal Cakin-.' Powder ill making bread ; for, although it won't 'raise ghosts,' it « rill raise brca'i in ihe most admiiable fashion, Evi-rt wise storekeeper haB it by him, 'and veiy pood hi, -fii^ise bnyo it. ! ? ' - To Clean and I'bebebvh Eilveb Hlectbo-Platk, 4c.— Oakbi's (London) K0N-)lKttCr-|iIAL SILVERSMITH'S SOAP is guarantetJ to be free from mercury or any injurious ingredients too often used in the Manufacture- of plate powder, apd-i| sp)d ^ ackr-tc by stxr- lfceners eeneraily. -£AdST.1 . - ; . Don't Die in the Bouse. — '.'Bough o$ floss' --tenr- - ii rats, mice, beetles, roaches, bed-bogs, fli ►, unls, insects, moles, joakrab bits, .opher-- 7Ad. Moses^Moss, and Cof Sdyney, GenVial Agents. .... . - ; 