SELECTED POETRY. CHILDHOOD'S FAITH. When life's Jong journey I began, and all around was strange anil new— I.cng ere I grew to be a man. Or read the boobs of learning tkonah— What grand conceptions filled my head ! What wonders startled eye and ear! Ere cruel science argued dead The baby senses, love and fear, I feared the dark, I loved the light, .And when the bright green earth 1 trod I dreaded the approach of night, For sunlight was the smile of God; Ard when the sun had parsed away, Its ghost I thought the moon to bo; Much nearer than tbe god of day. More cold and spirit like than he. I thought the stars were signal lights By argels in their windows placed, That through the long and lonely nights Our paths to heaven might be traced; And when a star shot down the sky, I breathless watched the fading spark, And thought perhaps the angels die. And then their windows will be dark. Whin lightning Hashed aiocg the clond, The JLord in anger glared an us ; The thunder following long and loud, To ine was but His warning voice. Tbe sparkling rain that camo amain Was bu>i tbe tears the Father sbed. Because His children strayed again, And love to Uim was cold and dead. Now I am old, and day by day Tb8 God so near my infant eyes Has far and further waned away. And I am sceptical and wise. Bnt sm I happier, kno »ing more ? Would 1 be happy, knowing all? With naught to love nor to adore, Nor power to rise, nor chance to fall? If this is all that knowledge gives, Bet me toward the cradle move— Back to a wo.-Id where credence lives, And hearts feci reverence and love. Give me again Gnu's sunlight smile; The-twinkling stars that angels light; The thunder. Umgh I quake the while; The sun's pale ghost, that walks by night. Give me the anger of His eye, And I-will tienib'e and adore: Give me His tears, that till the sky With mercy for the weak and poor ; Give me the wonder end the faith, Give me the sorrow and the pain; '3 is mockery ail that science snith— I'll be the treating child again. 