NEWS AND NOTES. The scheme adopted by the British Govarn ment, on the recommendation of Lord North brook, for the registration of the Egyptian finances, was published on Thursday. The British Government is to advance £5,000,000, £1,000,000 of which is to' be devoted to irriga tion. The Alexandria bombardment indemnities are to have preference of the Daira bonds, and the unified debt is to be reduced to 3j per cent. The encroaching Boers in Bachunnaland have accepted the offer of the Cape Government to grand them land in Steilaland, and agreed to evacuate Montsioa’s territory. It has also been arranged that the whole of Bechuanaland shall be annexed by the Cape Government. The Legislative Council last evening passed the Land Bill through its third reading, and then proceeded to deal with the Railway Bill. Mr Jennsr thinks several lines passed by the Assembly should be struck out, and some others he mentioned included. The Orient steamer arrived at Adelaide on Thursday. The news by her has been all fore stalled by the cablegrams. A charge of obstructing an excise officer in the execution of his duty, brought by Mr H, Y. Rattray against Mrs Barry, of the Mallow hotel, Skipton street, occupied the time of the City Bench yesterday. The evidence of the plaintiff was tb the effect that on visiting the hotel mentioned on the I7th instant, defendant refused to allow him to take, two bottles of spirits which were not properly labelled. The plaintiff finally got the bottles and placed them on the counter while he made notes. Curing this time a man passed through the bar and Mrs Barry went out, and subsequently the man came along the passage, knocked the bottles off the counter and ran away. , His trousers were spoiled by the contents of one of the bottles, but when he asked Mrs Barry who the man was, she said “ How should I know i" For the defence, Kate Finnigau, defendant’s was called and stated that when the plaintiff came into the hotel he appeared to be under the influence of liquor. The witness, who was cross examined, at length by Mr Finlayson, was positive that no man put his band through the door and upset the bottles. A statement previously made by Mrs Barry was to the same effect. The case was finally adjourned until this morning at the request of Mr Gaunt, who appeared for de fendant, in order that the magistrates mightvisit and inspect the house.... .„ The committee of the Eureka Stockade Me- morial met last evening, Mr Ferguson in the chair. Accounts amounting to £51 8s were passed for payment, and the tender of Roussell and Son for additional stone work was accepted. In consequence of unavoidable causes it - whs found impassible to get the work completed by 3rd prox., the anniversary of the Stockade,'. It was decided that at 3'o’otook oh the afternoon of that day the.committee should pay a formal 'visit inspection. The presence of any of the old identities will be welcome. The funeral of the late Mr J. S. Wilson, of the Ballarat Clothing Company,. Sturt, street, took place yesterday. The remains of -the de ceased gentleman were - interred in the New ■Cemetery. In the cortege were not a few of the leading residents of this district, including gentlemen connected with religious and literary societies. Prior, to his arrii.U in the colony in 1881, Mr Wilson was a leading spirit in the Sermon Lane Sunday Sohool and Poor Mission Station, Islington.' He was also, for a number of years, connected with literary societies in the home country; and he fully believed that the, press, when properly used, was mightier than the sword. On several occasions in public the deceased referred to the power of the press.. At.the meeting of the. Ballarat Ironworkers' Association to-night a gentleman : from the Star -.office will read a paper on 1‘ Letter press print log.” Members are requested to bring- their friends. . o , Messrs J, B. Johnstone,/general secretary to the Victorian Railways Employes Mutual Asso ciation,' and' J. Hayes, treasurer/ arrived in Ballarat yesterday by the 3.20 train from Mol . bourne,.with the object of forming .a branch of . their association io Ballarat. According to ar rangement, a' meeting of ..the ; local .railway m ployityias Laid in the evening at the North Star hotel, Lydiard street. There wos a good atten danoe. Mr • P, Richardson occupied . the chair. - The Melbourne delegates explained the objecta /of'/ the parent ■ association, and pointed out the many- advantages to bo derived by the Ballarat mploytt joining the movement. It was explained that the Mel ba ur no association had been established for tfae purpose. of; maintaining rights; and privileges granted by ‘Parliament’ and contained in the Viotorianßailwaya • Comminioners’Aot.lSSl; to assist itsmembers by, providing advice and pecuniary, assistance in . any .base. where the. tamembore have been / un- secure equitably rates of JW labour, and afford, a ready .QMna io any case of dispute between the depsmbent and members of tbe association, it was unanimously agreed tbat 'a‘V'br»neh'i v qf tbs association would prove of V. service ' in Ballarat, where "there ft are close ■■■. upon 400. persona etn ployod’. ia the local Bailway Department. _Mr <^ Jt ijiaian moved,. and Mr Ballard wsopcdsil—**That a branch of the association be 'ilitahlisjidd'i'n-Ballarat.” Carried unanimously. The fol|owiog : officers for tbe Ballarat branch were then-oleoto'dChairman, Mr P. Richard son; secretary, -Mr D. H. Crompton; oollector, Mr W. M‘lntyro; committee, Messrs Craig, Ballard, M'Millan,' and Bossendei*' Compliment tary reference was made as to-the lucid manner: in . which . Messrs Johnstone, and Hayes ; placed - before, the meeting, and 'they were each” accorded a” Hearty'“vote of thanks. A similar compliment ‘was paid to Mr J. Williams, secretary to - the Ballarat Engine drivers’ Association, and others for attending the meeting. Before the close of the proceed ings nearly the whole of those present gave in their names as intending members of the new branch. We may add that the Victorian asso ciation, which has its head quarters at Mel bourne, now numbers 1750 members. Branches already exist at Sandhurst, Woodend, and Bal larat. Afourth.branqhisto.be formed to-night ■ at Maryborough. ’ The southern platform at the Western Railway some places sadly requires re-coating with asphalt. ; This is . particularly noticeable in wet weather, when the storm water driven in by .the wind lies here and there in -the'.hollows made along the landing by pedestrian traffic. Last night several minature lakes might have been seen on the platform in question, and when : at>9.3o the excursionists arrived :from QueensclifF many of the pleasure seekers in the crush stepped into, tbe pools of water. The Warden's Court sits to-day at II o’clock at the City Courthouse. J . A : elderly woman named Rebecca Johnson, residing in; Mair street, was admitted to' the Hospital yesterday. afternoon suffering from a severe fracture of the elbow and a number of bruises and abrasions , about the face. Thein jdries were caused by the' maltreatment of her son, who knocked her down and brutally ill-used •her. - She remained in the institution.-' ■ - ' ’ Mrs Fitzgerald, wife of Mr J. J. Fitzgerald’ J.P.,/still lies in a critical condition,, suffering from a complication of complaints; Ellen Sullivan, charged with, disgusting con duct, was .yesterday brought; before the Town Court- A second charge. was also preferred against the woman of assaulting a lad . named M'Ledd. Mr. Russell, M. 1., A, the presiding magistrate,, remanded the prisoner till Monday. It. is supposed that the female is suffering from aberration of intellect. , The City. Police Court was yesterday, morning presided over by Mr Thomson, P.M., and Messrs Hickman and Fitzgerald, J’s.P. Heory -Whit combe, on remand on a charge-of lunacy, was further remanded-until Friday next. An old man. named Richard Wood was fined 20s,- with 2s fid costs, .in default, a week’s imprisonment, on a charge of drunkenness. William Fothering ham, charged with trespassing on the railway reserve, was fined 20s, with £2 3s fid costs.. . A large number of other cases of varied importance weraalso dealt with.- ■■■ ) " At a meeting of the committee of the Ballarat Yacht Club held on Thursday afternoon, it was resolved, on tho motionof Vica-oommodore W. Bailey, that for the ensuing Bath trophy (the first. event for which .takes place. to-morrow), the coarse be three times round with a beating buoy, the points to be 4,3, and 2, and that a handicap be as follows;—The Viola to give niinutes each to Ballarat, Darlie Bay, and Flying Scud; 2.} minutes each to Grand Flaneur,. Pina fore, and Reporter; and 3 minutes each to any of the other yachts in the fleet—the others named giving the proportions mentioned. It is generally thought that this craft will be conceding too much,, as, several of the fliers are, when in proper trim, within much less time of her sailing quality. It is considered that this matter of handicapping in club matches is a step in the right direction, and in time the competi tors may be brought so close together that it will be a qusfcion of the closest time-keeping and cal culation to declare place. It is also thought that the effect of tho system of handicapping, more over, should be the means bringing oat of several yachts whose chances heretofore have not been considered good enough, and it may therefore be expected that a good fleet will henceforth! face the starter. Affairs in connection with tbe late regatta will be settled at a- meeting of committee to he held at the Unioom hotel next Tuesday evening, A cabman named James M’Cartney was pro ceeded against at the City police court yester day for a breach of the railway bylaws in entering into the railway reserve at Ballarat West station, for the purpose of. removiogf luggage, without being licensed so to do, -Defendant pleaded ignorance of .the bylaw in question, and was fined 10s, with £1 13s fid costs. The rainfall which threatened on Thursday night, came down with, great force yesterday : morning in Ballarat and district. Agriculturists generally will receive benefit from the agreeable change in the' weather. Ah Quong, the leper,/was “shepherded" out of Ballarat on Thursday morning by Constable Barrett, who “saw him off.” by the 11.30 train from Ballarat East to Melbourne. It is said that Ah Quong will be located in the Sanatorium lately provided by the Government for lepers. The unfortunate leper now says that he would like to die. A couple, named Thomas and Mary Sillman, residing in Macarthur street, made their appear ance at the City Court yesterday, bn the charge of having made use of obscene language on Sun day last within the hearing of persona passing in. .a public place. The pair, according to the evidence of Senior-constable Thompson, were both under the influence of liquor, and quarrel ing pa tbe Sunday night, the female especially making use of very bad language. The bench dismissed the charge against Thomas Siilman, but fined Mary Sillman 20s, with 2s fid costa; in default, a week’s imprisomect. Sillman offered to pay the fine, but his wife replied, “Yen’ll pay no fine for me. I’ll go to gaol. I’m ready.” A number of persons yesterday inspected the pot plants exhibited in Mr Tunbridge’s auction rooms, Lydiard street. Thera wera over 500 varieties on view, including camellias, fuchsias, British and other ferns, rhododendrons, ericas, bo., all which were shown and much admired at thedata. exhibition of tho Billarat Horticultural Society. The collection, which belong to Mr W. V. Anatis, will be offered for sale to-day at 11 o’clock, Tha friends of the late Mr George Morris, clerk of works in Ballarat East, will be afforded an opportunity this evening of viewing an ex- I cellent portrait, that has . just been completed to the order of the Eastern Fire Brigade, at Mr Chuck’s gallery, next the Saving’s Bank. Like the usual productions from this studio, tho pic ture in question is highly creditable to Mr Chuck. - - - At tho City Police Court yesterday, before Mr Thomson, P. M., and Messrs Hickman and Fitz gerald, J’e.P., Miohael Newton, tho licensee of Brophy’s hotel, was charged with permitting drunken persons to assemble on his licensed pre mises on the 22nd instant. Senior-constable White deposed that, in company with Constable M’Cann, he entered the hotel at about 4 o’clock on Sunday morning last, their attention having been drawn to' it by a loud noise within. Tha rooms wore'lighted up, and they found, one drunken man in the passage, one in the parlour, .and-three or. four others in different stages of intoxication in various parts of the place. De fendant made no effort to pat the man out, nor did bo ask witness to do so. Constable M’Caun gave.corroborative evidence, and.stated also.tbat on going, into the hotel at 3 o’clock to see the owner ha did not see any person drunk.. Mr Finlayson, who appeared for tHe'defence,'said that at the time the noise was heard Mr Newtan cape in to pnt the' men' ont. A witness called said; there were six men in the hotel from 12 to 4 o’clock, but,-only one of;them was aoy the Norso for liquor, .The bench, after some con sultation,'dismissed .the'/case. The chairman : remarked that if Constable M’Caun had seen the man drunk at 3 o v clock a conviction would have been registered.' . ' : . ■ ;There remain only, to-day and /Monday, next for electors bolding elector’s rights issued to them before or on Ist December, 1883, to get the same renewed, failing which their names willbei omitted from the general lists; 1884. Mr R. B. Michell advertises that be and Mr Ward, deputy registrar, will keep open .their, offices until 10 o’clock each evening for the convenience of electors and of persons qualified to take out new elector’s' rights. I . We are requested to state that .the caretaker of the Urqtihart street.Stata school is rapidly re covering from the measles, and: that stops are now about to be taken to thoroughly fumigate the establishment; • ■■ ■,/ Since the.lateapring show tha Ballarat Hard ware company has sold no fswertbandO reaners and binders combined. 1 The machines were pur obasad,by-farmers belonging,to the district. Tho anniversary services.of the Bible Christian Church, Skiptoh street, will be held to- morrow. Tho pulpit will'be occupied morning and evening by the Rev. James Rowe, who was for several yeara the respected superintendent of tho Bdla circuit. Mr Rowe has just returned from a trip/to England, and after spending a few-wesks in Victoria will proceed to his home in South Australia. No doubt his Ballarat friends will avail themselves of tho opportunity of ■ hearing him oboe more. The Rev. J. of Soots’ Churoh. will take the afternoon .service. The usual tea meeting will be held oh Tuesday next; Mr/J; Whykeswilt preside.; J' elocution class ;in connection ’ with'' the Y.M.CjA. Is becoming popular. Tha attendance onThureday night was'excellent, and soma difficult pieces were rendered in a very credit able.manner.-- -The'class meets every Thursday. . The pulpit of St. John’s Presbyterian Church is to be occupied; to-morrow morning bythe Rev. J; Megaw who . arrived this week from : a visit tothe old country, where ho went as re presenting the Yiqtorian.Charqh at the General Council held > a. few months- Ireland. In-the Bar. Mr-Inglui* to preach, wbenbe will- make speoial'nsferanoe ■ to the reoeat da|tb of Ur S. i .The form one of the prumpaltdincs and 1 among' membehapf «ttar nniftnfan ihoßoation to render assistaooetolthe m^exista-’rAYester day, at the faotorftS whioh'-cfoss to4ay,\ the men were busy itbbls.'but nothing else The,, establishments ihanafi£tnrersclriio hare ' agreed to support thoMolbodras employers will be looked to-day at 12 o'clock, and the employlt thrown onto! employment until the course of events shall have ended in a settlement of the differences „.which_hive, .unfortunately, arisen between employer and employed. The aezt daValopmanT’of: the question -"appears doubtful, < possibly-the meli may combine together ' insome.oosoperative system.—-.- ,- „-.- The secretary*, of; the. Ballarat iFire Brigade desires to acknowledge with., thanks the .receipt of £2 2s from the Standard Fire Insurance Com pany, per Mr William Bones, local agent. The Rev. J. W. Ibglia* lecture on "Robert Burns, the Scottish poet,” was repeated to a very large audience. last evening, at the Mechanics* Institute, in aid of the proposed Burns memorial statue to be erected at the Botanical Gardens. The majority of the aud ience were of Scottish nationality,* and were in a thoroughly appreciative* humour.' The lecturer was applauded at frequent intervals, and deser vedly so, as it formed a splendid tribute to tbs memory of the ploughman poet. Mr Inglis, in commencing his remarks, said'that ha had dealt with the subject for over a quarter of a century, indeed his first literary effort was connected with Burns* writings; 'The gathering was under the presidency of Mr John Murray, and several members of St. Andrew’s Society, arrayed-in regalia, werepresebt. During the evening Misa Blair, Miss Bella Davis, and Messrs A. C. Car negie, G. Harley, and R. J, Dunn sang Burns’ songsj'to the-delight of those present. Miss M’Dowail and' Mr D, J. Coutts acted as accompanists. Christ Church' Sunday school excursionists experienced bad weather yesterday, on* the oc casion of their annual trip to Queensoliff. Thif is to be regretted, seeing that all looked for ward to the outing with ranch interest, and that ample preparations had been made for enjoy meat, which rude Boreas and the elements generally denied the pleasure- seekers. That the picnio waa'looked forward to with consider able'-interest was manifest from the fact that close upon 750 persons, old and young, pro; caeded to Queebscliff in a train consisting of 13 large carriages , and two, guards’-vans. A start was made from Ballarat West at 6.50, and the elements at the titne. were not propitious; Geelong was reached about 9 o’clock, and the favourite watering place at 10.30. Here the weather was decidedly inclement, heavy rain falling and a stiff breeze blowing from the south- I west. - A large number, of the excursionists were compelled to seek shelter under verandahs in the township, while scores took refnge under the lee of buildings. A good many, on the- other hand, however, undaunted by the' unpleasant weather, visited the lighthouses, the batteries, the various nooks along the seashore, and other places of resort. During the day several vessels , appeared in view, . but the craft, like most of the visitors, presented a glum, unattractive appearance through the I mist which overspread the sea. Among the ex cursionists werethe Van. Archdeacon Julias, end | the curate, the Rev. Stanley Mercer. Both these gentlemen, together with Mr Verey, of the Bishop’s Registry, and a number of other promi nent members of the Church of England, lent | valuable assistance in making tha picnic as enjoy- I able as the oicoumstauces would permit. The Q-teenscliff -Church of England and scfaoolhouse were visited, the excursionists partaking refresh ments at the latter place. At 1 o’clock many of the picnickers proceeded by the Golden Crown to Soi cento, the steamer returning with her pas sengers to the cliff at about 4 o’clock. Every thing passed off without accident, the only drawback experienced being, as stated, the un pleasant weather. A start was mads on the return jonrney to Ballarat at 5.30, and the train arrived at the Western station at 9.30. Arch deacon Julias left peelong by the ordinary train, as ha desired to alight at Warrenheip, where he had some'ohnrch basiness to transact. '' The residents of Wallace and Gordon have forwarded a petition to the Railways Commis sioners requesting the appointment of Miss Har greaves to take charge of the railway gates, the position occupied b'v Her mother previous to her sudden decease. From alt that we have heard Miss Hargreaves has great presence of mind, and is in every way. competent for the appoint ment, and as she is now left with two youpg brothers to provide for the Commissioners should find no difficulty in giving her the position. As an instance of her presence of mind, we learn . that on the morning of her mother’s death she spoke and received no reply. On this she put her handover and felt her, and. found bar cold. As it was then within a few minutes of the time for the approach of the train, she rose hastily, and locked her brothers in their room, fearing they would, find their: mother dead and. be frightened, and then,'* with her great, sorrow.at heart, proceeded to open the gates to let' the train through. As she has the respect and sym pathy of every resident in the district, it is to be hoped the prayer of the petition will be acceded to. Our Linton correspondent reports, that the Fire Brigade ’ engine arrived on Wednesday amidst a good deal of excitement. On Thors-' day the captain and a number of the members of the brigade had it out to each of the stand pipes in the street for a short practice, more particularly to test the engine, whan it threw an excellent stream of water, and appeared to give general satisfaction. Cr Ball'deserves the thanks of the community for the action he has taken in establishing a Linton Firs Brigade. For months past he has worked with a will for that purpose, never allowing"an opportunity to pass without bringing the subject prominently before the public. Messrs Gnldsbrough and Cos., in their monthly circular, state:—“Eich year the facilities for quick despatch to the seaboard, supplied by the constantly increasing extension of the railway system, become greater, and the clip arrives more freely. Daring the past month a very large quantity of wool has come to hand, and the amount of business transacted has, consequently, been on an extensive scale, the catalogues for the four weeks that have elapsed since the issue of our last summary having comprised 71,425 bales, of which 55,665 bales were sold, making a total of 82,571 bales offered and 65,713 bales sold since the commencement of the season on the Bth October to date. The Darling scoured*, with which the season opened, have now given place to large clips of greasy wool from'Riverios, and the Western, Loddoo, and other wool-prft ducing districts of tha colony, the bulk of which has come forward in excellent condition, not withstanding the unfavourable season experi enced by a large proportion of the flocks. This is, without doubt, owing to moderate stocking; and no small amount of praise is due to those woolgrowera in the dry districts who, in order to retain the high character of their flocks, have ’ been content with half the clip of former years.” The Duke of Brunswick expired on the 18th of October, and a Council of Regency assembled the same day, and declared that they would pro-; visionally conduct the Government. The Prus sian Genera), Hilgars, issued aproclamation, in viting the inhabitants to await the Imperial decision regarding the succession. The Ultra montanes and’ Guelpbs are employing, every means to induce the Duke of Cumberland to make peace with the German Government. Prussia, however, lays a direct claim to tha Duchy, and the Imperial Government, has re-' solved to bar the succession of the Duke of Cumberland ever since his anti-German proala motion on the occasion of his father’s death. The great joke of the lobbies, writes the Pro vincial Press Agency, correspondent, has been furnished this, week by that notable arid step torian opponent of all landlordism and closed roads, Mr A., T. Clark, Who would, have thought it? Mr A. T-: Clark has become the owner of 1000 acres of very valuable land just-i beyond the outskirts ofWilliamstown. The un expectedness of the position is most ludicrously intensified by the fact that Mr Clark has now as hia tenants the Messrs CUirnside, of Werribee Park; For 15 years Mr Clark had periodically in Parliament, all landlords and ~ all occupiers of closed roads, and Messrs CHirnside . in parti .oular'as the embodiment of all that is obnoxious, Shall we at last be" able to say “ rest, perturbed spirit” to. the ghost of that unlucky constituent •of Mr Clark’s, who 15 years ago was fined £lO trespass at the instance of Messrs Cbiruside, .and whose 'woes have been vehemently and ’gruffly trumpeted forth annually by Mr Clark ever' since? Some of Mr Clark’s fellow members laughingly anticipate . that' Messrs Chirnside will-have a pretty lively, time of it in their (to them) novel position-as tenants. It may' be,•' however, that " Property” will have . its customary effect even upon Mr A. T. Clark. What an excellent paying game the denunciation of/wealth and property has been in the colony. How many in this present Parlia ment 000 could name who adopted this easy and popular rSle and profited exoeedidgly thereby. L'ho names of' Berry, Clark,- James, Lalor, Langridge, Patterson,-; W- C. Smith, J. Woods occur to one at once,, and it would be easy to treble tbe liat of the denunciators.of “capital” with tho names of those not now in Parliament who have acquired; so much of * the evil com-' modify that “urgent , private affaire" prevent them' from giving any further attention to politics. • , :■ Lieutenant-Colonel.Smitb, in the Assembly on Thursday night,’continued his adverse criticism of the ,new local .forces, and,of.'their debut at. Brighton on the Prince of Wales’ birthday. His statements were all .basedion;hearsay, but were ottered (says the ' Telegraph ) with oracular im port. The hon. member, also .contended that,' although the now force* were yet far from com plete, the money spent on them exceeded the, special appropriation, by .£lO,OOO, ,;;ahd .that,’ whilst money, was.' being.-, thus, .squandered on an inefficient, unreliable, and . inadequate body of moo, those 'valuable organisations—the rifle club*, - which * would; have; to . be * depended on as a reserve,were - being very sonrvity' treated.. Mr Service" regarded the gallant . colonel as one iof the most inoohi{ietent critics for to was not n» l fl?ht ’ could only • ! •‘WR* his Übourod atnctutes as forming part of • i fi?^Sf.sS e *S-' i Hw remarks about tho coat of" ‘ taa “ttored * a ignorance, which w f!W eMMa %P n part °f one who had him “If.*!?*? one**' Treasurer. If tho new fore™ ' are.hpt yet complete neither haa the authorised expenditure/been completed. For every man atill amount of money hea in. tho-Treaaury coffers. That Parliament *'fBjN#JjHfijtfoled upon to rote sums, for the i Mmuter'of Defence, in addition to the £llO 000 j appropriation, is true; but the extra amounts were for the formation of those very rifle clubs which Lieutenant-Colonel Smith asserted were t being neglected by the Government. The special correspondent of the Argus ao-- -oompanying Lord WolesleyV expedition writes; • —“lt is in this neighbourhood'counted a vir-* -toons, act- on.the- part of Moses tbat-'he slew an Egyptian and hid him in the sand.’ There would be no great grief manifested if another ■ Moses wore to slay all the Egyptians, and hido them where they would trouble and present comglex problems to.the English, people and the Nubians no more for ever.” • ■ ' It is stated in the Nerald that the'man Killem accused of murdering James Graham, near :,Narandera,'is the son of a -prominent literary gentleman holding a professorship in a Presby terian college in • the. North of Ireland. Killen seems quite free from all. anxiety, and is appa rently proud of his/; actions. His relatives : residing' near Jerilderie state he was sent out after being confined in a lunatic asylum by his . father, who' hoped the change wonld have a beneficial .mentalcffeot. A conference of delegates from .the'Rechabite Tents in the Warrnambool and Portland dig trials recently took place at Koroit. ■ The Warr nambool Independent says that it was reported during the meeting that 1 the order now numbers some 6000 men, ; with a credit balance of over £70,000, in addition to which it baa a : very strong contingent of juvenile members, .When the Duke of Manchester was at the dljenner in the Castlomaine hotel on Wednesday Judge Quinlan remarked to him, “Ton are in the house of a Tandragee man.” His Grace who has anestato there and spent his youth in Tandfagae, was much struck by tho information conveyed to him, and ha soon took an oppor tunity of finding Mr Murphy, with whom ho had .a long and friendly talk about eba people and the places with which they were, both familiar The'Dake’a father was an Englishman, married to Miss. Sparrow, ah Irish lady, who brought . him a large fortune and landed property, and ■ they resided on a castle overlooking the town named. - The Dnke now resides in England as--. Ireland is rather a warm place for landlords who drum rent. Those terrible men of science really should bo mnzzled or chained up. Their researches into the mysteries of creation (says Atticus) destroy one by one: our most cherished illusions. The last iconoolastic discovery has been made by M. Muntz; the eminent French physicist, who has indisputably proved that alcohol may be found in all kinds of water—river, sea, and rain water. Thus we see how difficult it is to escape sin. The Blue Ribbon man on hearing of this discovery I will shudder at the recollection of the daily de ' bauoh in Tan Yean that he has been carrying on ever since ha took the pledge. Bat it will be seen on reflection that tho startling discovery is only one mors instance of the beautiful law of compensation. While it has just been proved that an Ordinary bottle of water contains some small proportion of spirit, it has long been wall known to publicans and others iu the trade that an average bottle of spirits contains an enormous quantity of water: At a meeting of the Lunacy Commission held on Thursday, Dr M'Oreery, medical superinten dent of Kew Asylum, expressed his opinion that if there was an asylum for . quiet, harmless cases, about 70 mala and 60 female patients could be sent to it from the Hew Asylum, Most of these were paralysed, broken-down oases—more fit for the Benevolent Asylum than a lunatic asylum. He also proposed that warrants for the deten tion of persons in a lunatic asylum should be for a definite period, after which they would expire, and if further detention were thought necessary, a new warrant would have to be obtained. This would insure the consideration of each individual case at certain periods, and remove any chance of patients being passed over and forgotten. The medical superintendent and a medical mem ber of the board of visitors oould certify, and so avoid unnecessary expense. Horrible cases of being buried alive have come to light at times. The Geelong Advertiser re lates a narrow escape from such a dreadful fata as follows:—“A rather sensational incident happened in the eastern part of the town the other day. A woman who had been ailing for soma time from an internal complaint, suddenly fall into what eventually turned out to be a trance. The attendants on the patient were fully convinced that she was dead, and without ’ waiting to get the opinion of a medical man performed what they thought to be all the decencies customary in .civilised communities, such os washing the body, kyiog it out. and making a little floral display. Soma hou.s afterwards, whoa several members of the family were reverently assembled in the room where tho body was iying. the woman suddenly, ex hibited signs of retumiog animation, and the sorrow of the mourners was quickly turned into i°y-” At a field trial of reapers and binders, which took place at Rochester yesterday, Walter A. Woods’s machine was successful iu securing first prize; Bearing's obtained second; and John ston's third. The crop operated on is de scribed as very bad. The Petersham abortion oise at Sydney reached the end of the coroner’s enquiry on Thursday afternoon, and resulted in the jury re turning a verdict of wilful murder against Sheri dan, the chemist; and Bao, Sheridan’s assistant, who was at first supposed to be implicated in the affair, was shown not to have had any knowledge of what was going on, and was, therefore, dis charged. Sheridan preserves a very defiant atti tude, and affeota to treat the charges against him with great contempt. He haa one or two good-friends, who are doing all they can for his defence at the coming trial, and he is besides this not without some means of his own. Bio is much overcoma by the position in which he finds himself. The Advertiser regrets to have to report that the Hon. R. Richardson is seriously indisposed, suffering from a severe attack of bronchitis. The enginedrivers’ board of examiners held a sitting on Thursday at Inglewood. Twenty-ons candidates presented themselves. Of this number 15 passed for first-class service certificates, two for second and two for first- class certificates of competency. One passed for a second class ser vice certificate, subject to furnishing additional testimonials. One could not produce testi monials to entitle him to a service certificate, and he will be examined for competency at a future examination. Mr William Winter, of Goulbourn-valley, will be a candidate for the vacancy iu tho Legisla tive Council caused by the death of Sir William Mitchell. The Bendigo Independent says:— “Mr Thomas Spencer, the well-known resident of Rochester, is also spoken of as a likely candidate, and in Sandhurst Mr Alexander Bayne is referred to as a not unlikely aspirant. Should a popular resident of the County of I Bendigo bo nominated, the seat oould, of course, bo easily carried by Sandhurst and the surround ing districts, hence it is hoped that our ropre | sontativo citizens will make an effort to secure a j, second seat in the representation oi tho Northern Province, the Bendigo district being, by its pre ponderancy on the electoral rolls, entitled to this proportion. Tho tenure of the seat does not terminate till 1890.” The president of the Central Board of Health j has furnished Mr Barry with a report oa the alleged indecent conduct of a member of the disinfecting staff at Snreadbury’s hotel, Colliof* wood, to which reference was made ia the Legislative Assembly. The women referred tc \ denied that there was any indelicacy attempted towards them. Disinfecting baths were taken by ‘ all *the inmates before they were released from quarantine. ' ~ A telegram from Sydney published in the Argus says that Mr Gerald M ‘ssey, the well known lecturer, who has been unwell for some j days past, is still in a very weak condition, ne is lying at tho residence of Mr Justice Windoyer, and has been ordered absolute rest. The bill to amend the Licensing Act and to preserve to married women the rights they hov acquired as holders of publicans' licenses wmo has passed through all stages in the Assembly, contains the. following two clauses:— “1-Any married woman, being the holder of a license, or the transferees .of a license granted an issued to her, purporting to have been g r » ute __ and issued under the provisions of of the Lice J sing Act, 1876, in or during the year 1834, not be liable to any penalties for selling l'4 tt “ > and shall not bo refused a renewal of su license, or a grant and issue of a license respect of any suoh transfer of which «>* the transferees, for the year 1835, by teas only on the ground that aha is a married worn i any oonstruotion'of law to the contrary notwi standing. 2. Any license issued to mart woman as aforesaid may be dealt with by under endih pursuanoe of the provisions or said not during tho continuance of such bee - > and in the same manner as aoy other been may do thereunder.” . George Saddler, who was injured in the Berry ' Consols shaft a few days since, left the Hesp ouThuraday (says the Advertiser) for his h at Allendale, and will attend as an out-pat • William Wearmouth, his mate, his impr° greatly during the last few days, and is now to leave his bed. , A Strange Affair.—An old man, .Thomas Robertson, aged 63, travelling m s . 9 of employment, was brutally assaulted o road between Mooroopna and Sbeppar* o Thursday, by a man carrying a swag who took him, and without any provocitw , tempted to assault him. Robertson fa and his assailant went away, but he nfier returned and'came up to Robertson, was resting on a log, and . struck bim twice on head■ with a large stick, inflicting a „ bar{ . wound. On recovering consciousness, rw son returned' to Mooroopna and inform police;' He was afterwards admitted «, hospital, and.it was found that his >;» g( badly fractured and his condition dang . Wo Graham arrested a'man giving; bia assailaDt. . . ’ -f. , The annual-races of the Rake. A 3 Turf ; Clab will bo held on .Boxing Say. •ThTprogrßinme, which includes;MaiitenjPlat* *rtaii>an Trot, Corindhap and -Rbkewood, Handicap* Pony -Race. District-'Rate, handicap Hurdle Bane. apfears in onr ad. S rtis : .. ■ Columns. Nominations’for the Trot, Handi ing and -Hurdle Race must be made before: 10.' “?■ t on Saturday next; andacceptencea for ■?, 0 ' „- BS and nominations for the Maiden and ™ Hc?'Plate before pror. ! Kxoell, Of ’Bmythesdale, teacher of the,, •ntmoforte and harmony, intimates, in bur adver-. 1 filing columns, that she -will have vacancies for .more pupils after the 1 Christmas vacation. Th/snle of Mr 'Barnard s’furniture baa been ,postponed until.-Tuesday, 2nd prox.. F Applications are invited elsewhere for .the.sup-. .ulv of a Pumping engine, pumps, and boiler, for ■theHorsham Waterworks:,Trust. m v........ A BlueHibbon anniversary, to take the form of a tea and public meeting, will ho held in the. i£oarmo»th Temperance 'Hall on even-, •inp, -Ist-pros. , ... ' ’ . The annual tea and public meeting 'in connee -tion with St. ’John’s 1 Church, Soldiers' Hill, .will take place on Thursday next. 1 'Addresses will be ■ delivered by the VVen. Archdeacon Julius and Ribhon published to-day contains a quantity of interestingmatter. - ’ A notice concerning the Cathedral hotel, -Swanston street, Melbourne, appears in oiir ad • vertisioP columns. - •- : _ ■ . IT he'Slue’Rtiion this week ia as unflagging as • BToriu the temperance ca'iise. Four columns are . devoted to Mr 1 JosopbLiverse'j’sfnneral. 1 We note from an advertisement that Messrs' ■Warns and Keid have purchased the whole stock- 1 • in-trade of Messrs- Charles- Andrews and-. Cos., •warehousemen, of 'Flinders lane, who are telin ..quishiog business. ■ ’ . _ - .■; Messrs: Davies, Graham and Cos. 1 notify in an advertisement that; notwithstanding the present' dispute in the boot trade,- they Anticipate being • able to execute all orders up 1 to date,' as .usual. ’A sale of .22,'000 first-class merino ' wethers,' ■ assets in the insolvent estate of William Mom ton of-LaV Lai, will be held bn 'Thursday next,; \- W proximo, by Messrs Why te," Appleton and l-Excell, teacher of pianoforte.and har mony has vacancies for -more pupils after Christmas vacation. , ' ' ! , ’ ’ 1 , , The members of the . Ballarat 1 Ironworker s Association meet at the School of..Mines to-day 2.30 p m., to visit tho Star office at S p.-m. A public meeting under the auspices of the St. John’s: Presbyterian Church Blue-Rib bon Gospel Temperance mission-will be-held on Monday evening, at>B o’clock, in the Lecture Hall,"Peel street. Addresses will be delivered by the president and the Rev. -'Joseph Walker, and a programme of recitations and singing will also be given. ■- The Ballarat CollogeAthleticSport take place on-tbe-17th-December next. Monday nextia the last day of entry for the Old; Collegian’s, Race. ' 