QUIPS AND CRANKS.—No. CXLIV. betbibution. [By Libra.1 Does the reader Temember the last day of the year 1876. It was intensely hot. The north wind as it swept over the face of the country seemed to wither and scorch op every green thing. At length the evening approached, and as the great orb of day was about to bathe his burning brow in the waters of St. Vincent's Gulf a solitary pedestrian might have been seen hastening forwara on the declivity of Anstey's Bill towards Hope 1 alley. He appeared to be weary and footsore, and a glance at hiB features would have been sufficient to apprise the spectator that the Vulture of Anxiety was preying upon bis heart. A quarter of an hour later the traveller entered the Bremen Hotel. Here he met a stranger named Breaker, who had jnst arrived from Kensington, and to whom he unburdened his heart. His name, he said, was Grimbleten; he was a widower with but one child, a sweet little seraph three years of age. He was a small farmer living between Honghton and the Chain of Ponds. During the evening of that day his child bad been enticed from borne by some scoundrel who had left a letter with his servant, Tom Giles, which, when he bad opened he found it te contain simply the inscription E. G. Never. Without a moment's delay he had hastened forward bent upon BEVENGE, with :— "Fear in his heart and frenzy in his eye." At the Traveller's Best. Houghton, he learned that a tall, gaunt, ferocious- looking fellow, in a snuff-coloured velveteen shooting jacket and drab slouch hat had passed through the township about a quarter of an hour before, carrying something in his arms—no doubt the missing child. On hearing this, Breaker gave a sharp shrill whistle, and slapping Grimbleton on the shoulder, exclaimed, "By George, the very man. I saw him not more than twenty minutes ago sitting on a log of wood, and as I passed be enquired the way to Paradise Bridge." " But bad he a child with him," eagerly enquired Grimbleton. " I hardly know," Breaker replied: " but I fancy I saw something like a crimson bundle in his lap." "My child, my child," ejaculated the agitated father as he rushed from the hotel in pursuit of the ruffian. The full-orbed moon had just lifted his silver disc above the tops of the frowning mountains he bad left behind him, and the aged eucalipti of the plains, as they stretched their waving arms on high, appeared to the excited imagination of our hero as the ghosts of along line of ancestry, crying, "Bevenge. revenge." On arriving at Ardtornish Grimbleton first caught sight of the object of his pursuit. The snuff-coloured velveteen Bhooting-coat, surmounted by a drab Blouch bat, turned off sharply to the left, and was but about two hundred yards in advance of his wrath-breatbing pursner. The bloodbonnd had snuffed his victim, and the pursuit was hot and strong. On approaching Paradise, Grimbleton had gained so much upon the flying catiff as to recognise the crimson tippet, and to hear the piercing cries of his dear little seraph. In another Instant thesnuff- coloured velveteen shooting-jacket might be seen standing with outstretched arm upon the middle of the bridge, A sharp snriff shriek of agony rent the air, the " all devour ing flood" received its innocent prey, and the silence of death brooded over the awful scene. But Grimbleton was a father, and a father's heart beat within his honest breast. In an instant be was battlmg heroically with the splash ing waters, and with his strong arm he soon bore the balf-drowned, struggling dear creature to the bank of the river. But what was his astonishment when, disengaging it from its crimson investment, he discovered that it was not his dear child, but Tacmotbnifa. As he gazed in amazement upon this discovery he was aroused from his reverie by a hideous Mephistophelian laugh in three octaves, followed by a shouting of the enigmatic sentence. E. G. Never. Was it a mistake, a dream, or a cruel practical joke? We shall see. Early in the year 1876 Grimbleton engaged an honest, hard-working, simple-minded farm labourer named Edward Green child to work for him at 18s. per week and bis board. By the end of March the balance of wagss due to him amounted to over £10. Greenchild then received a letter from his brother in Melbourne, informing him that some family transactions required his immediate presence there, and enclosing a passage warrant per Penola, advertised to sail April Z. When informed of this Grimbleton, who was cer tainly not over scrupulous in money matters, in duced Greenchild to accept an order upon Captain Bluffman, of Port Adelaide, for the amount of bis wages, in return for which he gave his employer a receipt in fulL The order upon Captain Bluffman was enclosed in an envelope for safety, and Greenchild left the farm early in the morning of April 1, and arrived at Port Adelaide on the afternoon of the same day. But on bis presenting the letter, containing, as be supposed, the money order, Captain Bluffman flew into a terrible race, for instead of the document of which Greenchild innocently supposed he was the bearer, the Captain read as follows" Slackville, April 1.—Dear Cap tain—Ploase present the bearer with the cot.—Truly VnllH .Tn« Miliar " f^vnorifthilrl /Iwandinrr hnf.h tha yours, Joe Miller." Greenchild, dreading both the anger of the Captain, and the exposure of his own Gullibility, quietly embarked the same afternoon with he determination, however, at whatever cost to retaliate upon his late employer. He returned to this colony after an absence of about eight months, and employed Breaker and others as confederates to obtain his E.G.N EVEB. Grimbleton, as related above caught "the cat," and Greenchild witnessed the justly deserved BETBIBUTION. 