EUROPEAN*. AMERICAN BREVITIES. Path is addicted to billiard playing. Bismarck is sixty-nine veara old. Gcpthe and Shakespeare arc Bismarck's favourite authors. Pitcaim island, in the Pacific, now has a population of 105. Justin McCarthy will shortly publish a ' History of the Four Georges.' The Indians have cost us S70.000.000 iu the last 10 years. It turns out that Forepangh's white ele phjtwt. is a varnished one. Sarah Bernhardt was hissed at Paris when playing 'GuniUc' Steerage passage rates from New York to Liverpool have been reduced to $1$. The Duke of Westminster's estate is worth 6200,000,000. Dod Pedro, of Brazil, has reigned longer thai, any other living monarch — 53 years. Rumoured that Patti will retire from the stage and will return to ber husband, from whom she was divorced in 1877. Maud Stewart, who plays ' Editb ' in ' Young Mrs. Winthroo,' has nearly lost her sight by simulating blindness on the stupe. Opossum breeding is a new and profitable industry in Georgia. One well-stocked farm will yield a yearly revenue of $400 or §600. Byron, the dramatist, was famed at London oo Aptil 17. Leading theatrical stars were present. Important gold discoveries arc reported from Pike's Peak, CoL, Miners arc greatly excited. A trip to the Sandwich Islands is rapidly becoming a necessity of fashionable life to Oft- f I fOTI IP n * Texas cattle are dying of drought, and caterpillarB are destroying the vegetation in that State. MirhJEK' raises nearly one-half the world's crop of peppermint, $h* annual yield of oil being TO.OQOlba. Kill be autobiographical matter and sketches at contemporaries. A Phfladelphian owns a canary that whistles, without a mistake, Yankee Doodle. He b-alues it at S200. A new dynamite gun has been tested at Fort Hamilton, N.7. It throws a cartridge There are twelve manufactories of artificial teeth in the United States, and 10,000,000 iAxth are made annually. High water is alarming the inhabitants of tsew Orleans. The water covers the city within sis squares of the river. It is expected that the revised edition of the Old Testament will be ready for publication before the close of the year. Prince Victor of Wales, on attaining his majority next year, will be made Date of Dublin and reside in Ireland. The steamer Oregon from Liverpool, arrived it New York on Saturday after a voyage of six days and ten boors, the fastest time on record. By a tready made through De Brazza, the right bank of the Congo fromBrasaviDe to the equator passes under the protection of France. While digging the foundation for a dtnrph in Lincoln, Eng., the other day, the workmen Found about six feet below the surface a per fect Roman altar, dedicated to the Fates. After 14 years of annexation, says a cor respondent of the Paris Gaulois, Alsace is even less Prussian than ever. She reads nothing bot French journals. Her eyes turn unceas ingly to France. Some of Edmund Yates' friends are trying to reconcile him to his sentence by the re minder that Bunyan wrote his chef dVfcnvre io prison. One of the brightest reporters on the Kan sas City Press is a lady, Mrs. Bees, of the Journal. She is aged 28, and speaks four languages. : A new planet has been discovered at the Vienna Astronomical Observatory. It appears like a star of the 12th magnitude, in the con stellation of Virgo. Gannie Jeffries, queen of the gipsies of the United States, who died in Textessre last month, was burned in Dayton, O., Wednes day last, with imposing ceremonies. Moncore D. Conway, though be has re turned to America to live, and has made the tour of the world, says he ia ** more than ever convinced that London is the best place m the world to live in.' A historical wedding anniversary was recently held near Charlotte, at -which the tables were set without linen, all the victuals were after recipies over a. century old, and the ^tghpp \\\»t\ been in use from 90 to 100 years. A man h?us bees is gaol in Sullivan Co., N. Y., for five years on an execution for a $35 debt. Tnus far the county has spent $1000 for his board, and the officials are now trying to have an act passed by the Legislature com pelling him to leave the gaoL Twin boys were recently born in Chester field County, Va,, whose bodies are united above the hips, extending down tie right leg of the one and the left of the other to the toes. The feet, however, are perfect, and bo is the remainder of the two bodies. The twins are doing welL Matt Moiyan, the Fnglish caricatnrist, who was tabooed in England for his unfortu nate picture of the prince of Wales as Hamlet following the ghost of the rone George IV., and the even more offensive ' Brown Study,' with the bare-legged gilly 1 paring on the throne, has settled down as the head of a potteiy in Cincinnati; and as a designer of lithographic work. Washington is agog over the reported con version to Catholicity by Mgr. CapeL of Mn. Bazzunersler, as aristocratic and bcnerolent Episcopalian lady. She became acquainted with Mgr. Capel while he was aick at Washington. The report that Henry Irving and Ellen Terry bad been privately married is un founded, says a New York special. Ellen Terry has had two husbands, the first Watts, the artist, with whom she could not har monise, and the second a Mr. Kelly, who could not harmonise with her. Irving and Ids wife separated entirely from incompatibility of temperament. Twenty-seven years ago a Mr. Knoblock disappeared from Brooklyn, K.Y., and was never again beard of by hie family until one day last week his son received from a relative in Boston the following telegram: — 'Be at the Grand Central Depot to-morrow to meet your father.'' The recognition of father and son was mutual He had been trying to make his fortune in California, Australia, and South Africa. Thomas Wilson, a burly negro, on Sunday night stealthily -a ept into tiie sleeping apart ment of Jennie and Marv Groff, of Rossvflle, Staten Island. The two ladies were not aware of his presence until Jennie Groff felt bis band opoD her throat. She arose and struck him in the face with her clenched fist, knock ing him down. Id the excitement tits light was extinguished, bat she kept up her resis tance until be ran to the window and at tempted to climb out. While he was thus engaged Jennie struck him a powerful blow, and sent him headlong to the ground. There he struck an ashpan, and hia windpipe was almost completely severed, causing a profuse flow of blood. He was arrested and gaoled, after his wounds had been sewed up. Mr. VanderbQt said to a reporter In New York the other day : 'I l-eliere I an the' richest man in the world. In England tko Duke of Westminster is paid to M worth §200,000,000, but it is mostly in bftida and booses. It does not yield him 2 per cent. - From now I ehail be worth more tfaan 8200,000,000, and will have an income equal to six per cent on the amount. ' He ow&e; 930,840 shares of railway stock, valned *t S6S, 750,000, bis railway bonds amount to $26,857,420, he holds $70,580,000 in govern ment and a trifle of £6,000,000 in other securities — tie aggregate wealth of tins Midas being $201,332,413. And the snow -ball rpfla : 