Morality of the Stage. Dr. Talmage's most sensational sermon of recent years was preached ou Sunday morning in the Brooklyn Tabernacle on the question, ' Are the Theatres Improv ing in High Moral Tone?' His reply was a decided negative. His reasons were based on the increased rage for nudity on the stage, which he delicately characterized as a ' Sodomic lack of apparel,' as pictured by the displayed advertisements of nearly naked female figures, and on the increased salacious ness of foreign plays imported for Ameri can theatres. He also made pointed allusions to a French actress who re cently appeared in this country, ' whose infamy was not a shame, but a boast,' and to delectable specimens from Eug land, 'commended by foreign princes not as good as their mother.' The text of the sermon was, ' Watchman, what of the night?' BEHIND THIS FOOTLIGHTS. As near as I can tell, said Dr. Talmage, it is about half-past four in the morning. There are signs of dawn. The world is advancing, since the armies of civiliza tion and Christainity began to march they have never fallen back one inch. But are the entertainments and recrea tions of the world keeping abreast with the grand march of the ages? Have the theatres of our time arrived at a higher moral tone ? I reply this morning to this question in discussing some of the absorbing topics of the day. 1 am not to discuss whether the theatre is right or wrong, but whether it is improving in moral tone. There are three or four reasons for answering this question in the negative, and the first is the com bined and universal testimony of all the secular newspapers in the land that are worth anything. It is contrary to the financial interests of the secular news papers severely to criticise the play house, because from it comes the largest advertising patronage. When, therefore, the secular newspapers of the land severely criticise the playhouse for im becile and impure spectacular dramas their testimony is to me conclusive. I roll up on the negative side of the ques tion all the respectable printing presses of the Continent. THE NUDE IN ADVERTISING. Another reason for answering this ques tion' in the negative is the depraved ad vertisements on the bulletin boards aud board fences and in the show windows from ocean to ocean. I take it for granted that these advertisements are honest and that night by night occur the scenes ad vertised. Are these the scenes to which parents take their daughters and young men their affianced ? Would you allow in your parlor such brazen indecency enacted as is dramatised every night in some of the theatres of America unless the advertisement be a libel ? If the pic tures be genuine the scenes are damnable. That which is wrong in the parlor is wrong on the stage. It ought to require just as much completeness of apparel to be honorable in one place as to be honor able in another. If you, fathers and mothers, take your sons and daughters to see such Sodomic lack of robe, and then in aftertime the libertinism and profli gacy should go through your own house hold, you will get what you deserve ! It seems as if, having obtained a surplus of sanctity during the Lenten services, right after Easter, all through the United States, tbe streets become a picture gal lery, which rivals the museums of Pon» peii that are kept under lock and key. Where are the mayors of the city, and the judges of the courts, and the police, that they allow such thing? I declare what every man and woman in this house knows to be true — when our cities are blotched with these depraved advertise ments, is it uot some reason why we should think that the theatres of this country are not very rapidly advancing towards millennial excellence. FORBIDDEN FRUIT FROM FOREIGN ORCHARDS. Another reason for answering this ques tion in the negative is tbe large importa tion of bad morals from foreign countries to the American stage. France sent one of her queens of the stage to this country. Her infamy, instead of a shame, was a boast. Never a more popular actress on the American stage, and never one more dissolute. Thousands and tens of thous ands ot professed Christian men aud women went and burned incense before that goddess of debauchery. England, too, has sent her delectable specimens of ineffablesweetness commanded by foreign princes not as good as their mother. When I take into consideration this large importation of bad morals from foreign ports I come to the conclusion that the American theatres are not, as a general thing, advancing in moral tone. DEGENERATE PLAYS. Another reason is that the vast majority of the plays of the day are degenerate. Their names are suggestive of perfidy. If I mention any they must be those that are a little past, but which may come back again when the American taste wants a change of carrion. (Laughter.) Take the plays of the last fifteen years. I will admit that one tenth are unobjectionable, but nine tenths are unfit to be looked at by families of America. Put side by side the plays of the time of Macready and the elder Booth add modern plays, and you will find there has been an awful decadence. I have not seen these plays, but I have taken the testimony of authentic witnesses, and I have skilful analyses by critics, among them such men as Dr. Buckley, of New York. Sub tract from these improper plays the libertinism and the domestic intrigue and the innuendoes and the vulgarities and the marital scoundrelism, and you would leave them powerless in the dramatic market. TALMAGE AS A DRAMATIC CRITIC. If you who took your families to see ' East Lynne ' will now, in your cooler moments read the manuscript o that 1 play and go through the fetid and malodorous chapters in which dishonest womanhood is chased from iniquity to iniquity you will be able to judge for yourself whether that is au improved drama. You might as well go into tbe grog shop of a village hotel and sit down among the village loafers expecting to get moral elevation as to get any moral elevation from a play like ' Ticket of Leave man,' full of villanous portraits and low slang. The play entitled ' A New Way to Pay Old Debts' is a prac tical eulogy on deception if it is practised on the bad, and men and women never come out from seeing that play as pure as when they went in. ' She Stoops to Conquer' is as full of moral miasma as the Roman Campagna is of typhus fever. You can write ' Oliver Goldsmith ' beneath it, but you can't cover up the profane and the salacious. ' The School for Scandal ' is rotten clear through with lasciviousness. If a man should come into your house and take that play from under his arm and read it to your family, all the bones that were left in his body unbroken would not be worth mention ing. (Laughter.) But who could go through the ' Don Cæsars' and the ' Peg Woffingtons,' and the poltroons and the scapegraces, and the people minus all excellencies, plus all abominations, who gather men, women, boys and girls by tens of thousands every night in the lazaretto of the average American theatre ? It is estimated that there are 1,000 boys in Brooklyn every night breathing that pestilence. Once in a while a great tragedian renders ' King Lear' or 'Hamlet' in the presence of entranced audiences, but that style of play is in as small proportion to the imbecile and depraved plays of America as the few drops of good blood are to the bad blood in a mail who has passed out of yellow fever into Asiatic cholera and is now winding up with first class small pox. (Laughter) The majority of the plays being degenerate, I have a right to conclude that the theatres of America do not show any great moral improvement. A PLEA FOR THE DRAMATIC. Now, I demand that men and women who love the best interests of society shall band together to snatch the drama from its debased surroundings. The drama is the expression of a divinely im planted feeling in our breast. This divine principle is not to be dragged into the service of sin. Will you suppress it? You might as well try to suppress its creator. Because it has been dragged into the service of sin is the very reason that you and I should drag the drama out and harness it for God and the truth. The tendency of to-day is to sepulchrize religion. Why don't more people go to church? Because they can't stand the humdrum. We want in all our work to freshen up. But don't let fondness for the dramatic lead you into sin. We don't try to suppress it in you. We would have it directed, educated, harnessed for multipotent usefulness. GHOSTS.— An attempt is being made in the old country to revive the belief in visitant from another world, and many are the wonders ful stories that fill some of the journals. The sceptical mind is, however, inclined to adopt Scrooge's remark to Marley's ghost : ' How do I know that you are not a bit of undigested bread ?' for, of all the ghost producers, a bit of ' heavy' bread is the most potent. It is a won der, tbtrcforc, that f-eople do not adopt the sorest spell apainst pilosis hy using Borwick's Gold Medal Hakim Powder in making bread ; for, although it won't ''raise ghosts,' it will' raise bread in the mosl adtniiable fashion. Every wise storekeeper has it by bim, and very good housewisc buys it. Advice to Mothers 1— Are you broken in your rest by a sick child suffering with the pain of cutting teeth ? Go at oncc to a chcmiet and get a bittle of Mas. Winslow's Soothing SritDi'. It will relive the poor sufferer im mediately. It is pcrfec'ly harmless and pleas ant to taste, it produces natural, quiet sleep, by relieving; the chi'.d from pain, and the little cherub awakes 'as bright as a button.' It sothes the child, it softens the gums, allays all pain, relieves wind, regulates the bowels, and is the best known remedy for dysentery and (iiirrhooa, whether arising from teething or other causes. Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrnp is sold by Medicine dealers every where at Is. 1 lid. per bottle. - May Good Digestion wait on Appetite, stys Shakespeare, but 'good digrBtion' will never wait upon bad bread, and it is therefore of the great* t-t importancethat in making bread ore should use only those leavening agents which have acquired n high reputation through long use in ho'iseboHs throughout the world Foremost Amongst theB* mast be reckoned ' HorwickV Gold Medal baking Powder,' which I had stood the test in every climate of the world Get it, use it, nnd add your testimony to that of the millions who praise it, A Caed. — To all who are suffering from the errors and indiscretion of youth, nervous weik ness, e*rly deray, loss of manbood, &c; , 1 will 6end a recipe tbat will cure jon, free of cha'gr. Tiiin great remedy was discovered by a mission ary in South America. Send a self-addressed envelope a:-d sixpence to prepay postage to the Rev Joseph X, Inman, Station D., New Tork City, U.8.A, 