The Ghost of Friar's Stoke. [Frcru Mies May Crommelln'x ' In tbc Dead of the \- _ »«'gh*.'] The word stoke, as perhaps you all know, means simply ' place,' began Mr. Penaluna. Friar's Stoke, my house, is said to have been a small outlying monastery, affiliated to a near abbey, before the days when Henry the Eighth pulled the roofs off their rookeries about the monkb' ears. I have small doubt, however, that the wajls, and indeed the most part of the house ,' stand pretty mush as they did in those davs. What changes were made when it became a modern dwelling-house are simply superficial. Well, tliree years ago I bought the place, as I told you. It was neglected, indeed deserted, and had been long for sale. The house was still partly furnished, but there was no caretaker even sleeping in it — which surprised me, I remember, at the time. However, all I -wanted was a country hermitage to which I could retire scmetimes when tired of my fellow creatures, and a roof-tree of my owa under which I could store my books and whatever curiosities I pick up on my travels, A ccordingly I came dowa from London, having Bent a few servants beforehand who knew my ways and modest wants, and on the very first evening found myself quite comfortable. Two days had not passed, however, before I began to get hints that there was some disturbing element ia the household to which no one could give a name. In the first place, whilst I was sitting reading on the second evening in the library after dark the door between the outer and inner halls was openel and then slammed to again with a sudden violence that irritated my nerves. This happened twice or thrice, 'when I rang angrily and asked the butler who answered the bell what was the meaning of it, requesting it might not occur agaiu. He knew I hated noise in my house, for he, and indeed the four others, had all lived with me some years — two other men-sarvants and an old cook and housemaid. To my surprise Jones closed the door with a mysterioaa air, and, coming up close to me, said, ' I Bin sorry, indeed, sir, but I'm afraid I cannot manage to keep that door quiet. It has banged, sir, like that every night since we came ! Knowing how much it would disturb you, I sent for the village carpenter, and had a locksmith working at it afterwards. But whether it is a draught of air or somethirig else, it bursts open of its own accord all the same.' ' Well, then, leave the door always open, and fasten it back with a heavy weight,' I said, annoyed at all these explanations, and wanting to get on with my book. But the man's answer rather roused me. 'I've done more than that, sir, for I locked it to- night, and if you will only come and look it's locked now.' ' Why, do you tafee me for a fool, Jones,' I said; 'I have heard it myself bang three limes in the last ten minutes.' ' Ah; sir, 1 wiqb. that was all we heard in this house,' said he, significantly. ' Why, what do you mean ? Come, tell me — do you really suppose the house is haunted V I said, scenting a ghost at once, and rather pleased and amused. But Jones is a hard-headed man, and would not quite give in to a ghost ; he had been bred up to disbelieve in them he said. It seemed that from the first my servants had been told stories in the neighborhood of a white lady who had been seen long Bgo in Friar's St ke by the hist owners. Jones was rather inclined to suspect some plot against 'my interests in this, and was resolved' not to be cut wittcd. Still he owned it me that he could net understand several occurrences. The other sen-ants had come to him of their own accord, and declared that whilst passing along the corridor upstaira they distinctly heard someone walking at their side, though they had a light and saw they were alone. Each had heard this ; and now Jones acknowledged he had heard the footsteps beside himself ; and more — a sound like a gentle sigh in his ear. All this rather diverted and interested me, but I promised Jones to be on the look out like himself. I began to read again, and after an hour had forgotten all about the household mysteries when dressing bell rang, so I threw down rny book and went outside. Just as I began going up the fir3t few step3 I became aware that some one seemed close behind me. A candle was in my hand ; there were lamps above and below stairs. Noihinff v;as to be seen- ! but I had the strong feeling that there was a pre sence beside me which I could almost have touched. I did even grasp about at the air. Then I did feel unmistakably a gentle breath on my neck, and that— as you all know — makes any one start, the sensation is so uncomfortable. Still my unseen companion was not one of those ghosts who [make one's blood curdle and hair stand up straight. It did not give me, or even any of the servants, a feeling of fear (so far as I could learn from them, at least), but I ask you all does it not seem foolish and even ridiculous that any spirit should take the trouble of walking up and down stairs and sighing ia oar ears 1 As Jcnes eaid, 'She was quite the lady ;' but I wished she wouldn't do it ! * Now, another unexpected occurrence disturbed my peaceful seclusion. A young friend of mine, poor Dareall, got married ; not only that, but he must needs run off with the girl ; worse than all, she was an only child, and her widowed mother, Mm Bullion, was very ricb, with complete control of her fortune, and of course she was very angry. What did they do after this but apply to me to procure their for giveness. It so happened that the old lady had, if I may use the expression, a strong weakness for me, and was staying in my neighborhood at the time. It was a disagreeable task, but I did my best, and finally Mrs. Bullion consented to meet the happy couple at Friar's Stoke and talk over matters and settlements reasonably together before the world got wind of the affair. Well, they came; they met. The young people were gush ing over with repentance, the old lady, though still frozen up and naturally very stiff, was inclined to relent. She had a hard nature and thought they had treated her badly, and perhaps they had. But still all went quite smoothly that first evening, and she kissed both her daughter and son-in-law when she was going to bed. I went to sleep congratu lating myself on the success of my recon ciliation, with the yjung people's thauk3 and expressions of delight still soothing noy dreams. In the morning I was awakened by Jones, who had a very long face, ' Please, sir, Mrs. Bullion has sent to horder a fly from the village, and I'm under the belief she is leaving the house before breakfast.' 'Gocd gracious, what can this meanf; I said to myself, never having been so taken aback. Jones could trll nothing, so, after sending a message to the DareaUs, all that could be done was to hurry on my clothes and rundown to ask some explana tion from Mrs. Bullion. She met me with outraged dignity in her every wrinkle ; and so stiffened with anger she would not even express a syllable of it at first. She only kept politely waving her hand and answering to all my protes tations that I was very kind apparently, but that she must decline to stay another hour under my roof. At hist, seeing I was really hurt at our old friendship being so inexplicably dissolved in this way, she softened towards me, saying it was evident I was to be acquitted of all blame ; indeed she might have known as much. ' But there,' she added, pointing inaig 585 nantly to her daughter, who was standing ! by perfectly bewildered — * Site can tell you the. real reason that is driving Pe away in disgust ! After the way in which my own, only child behaved -last night — taking advantage of me when she supposed I was fast asleep, and when I had forgiven her, and her husband too, it Is not sur prising [that I will have nothing more to eay to either of them ! — never ?' Poor young Mrs. Dareall tearfully assured her mother that she could not imagine what all this meant; she had never stirred out of her own room till morning. ?What!' said the old lady, who was quite pale with fury. ' Do you mean to say that I did net waken up when I had been asleep two or three hours and see you in my room last night? You were standing between me and the night light ; just at the table where I had laid down all the papers relating to»my property to be ready for making a settlement on you this morning. But -as you dared to look for yourself into my fortune without my will, you shall have none of it icith my will.' In vain the poor young woman declared her mother had made some frightful mis take, and must have seen some one else. Mrs.' Bullion would not listen to her. ' 'Who else was in my room in a white nightgown with long fair hair over her shoulders?' she said. 'I could see that much, though I did shut my eyes to pre tend sleep in order that you might spy about as much as you pleased. How you got into the room, too, I do not pretend to guess, for the door was bolted by my self ; but very likely there are plenty of secret passages in this old house, and when next I opened my eyes you were gone, no doubt by the same way as you had come in.' Now it so happened there was no other woman in my house with, fair hair at the time ; none who could by any possibility have been mistaken for Mis. £areall by her mother, even sup posing my old servants or Mrs. Bullion's aged maid could have played such a trick. It is impossible to say how sorry and uncomfortable I felt. But nothing could be found to clear up the mystery, Mrs. Bullion kept her word, and her own opinion on the subject as well, leaving the house at once, though with an apology to me. The poor Darealls were so down cast and disheartened that I could not persuade them to stay on either ; and they went away that afternoon also, to mope together over their disapp )intment. 'And who was the figure in Mrs. Bullion's room ?' asked the listeners. 1 hat I cannot tell you even now, replied Penaluna, All I can say is that when I told Jones the mystery, as he has been so long in my confidence, he at once accused the supposed ghost of Friar's Stoke. He refused to reason this out as contrasted with his expressed disbelief in apparitions, but declared this and the footsteps and sighs 'were all of a piece.' He and I both came at last only to the conclusion to watch the house closely, and take no one else into our confidence on the subject. We began trying to dis cevtr the supposed imposture that very night, and a nice dance that white lady led us. Well, to tell of how we triad to lay the ghest, went on the master of Fi/iar's Stoke. That first night we turned our attention to the door, -which as regularly continued its annoyances, slamming vio lently every night at its usual hour. Be f ere that time we examined it all round carefully, searching for any hidden wires, string ; in fact, every means of communi cation our brains could devise. Then, lceldng the door carefully, I hid in the inner hall with the key. My butler hid in the outer hall, and we both watched in the darkness. Punctually at the accus ttmed time the door burst open, as I be lieved, and closed again with a loud alam I struck a match, and rushed to the spot with a candle. The door was locked again, certainly, and no one was to be seen We then hit on another expedient, seeing this locking of the door again so puzzled our wits. We got some ailk and sealing- wax. These threads we put across the door above and below, securing them at each end with the wax which I myself sealed by means of an old family seal that tad been hanging on my wateh chain for years, and of wMch no one else could have a duplicate, even supposing they had had time to use it during the experi lient. Again we hid in the darkness, this time together on the side of the door where we had placed the seals. And hardly had we done so before the door once more seemed violently opened and and shut to again. We rushed forward with the candles we had hastily lighted, examined the door, then looked in each other's faces with mute astonishment. For the threads were still there uubrolxn and the seals which secured them re mained icholc, although I could have sworn to having felt the rush of air caused by the sudden motion of the door. As to Jones, his jaw had quite fallen, but it was from chagrin at being baffled. To tell you as shortly as possible the history of a good many succeeding nights, our blood was up, our j-ride was secretly hurt, and Jones and I were determined not to be made the fools of an invisible pre sence, but to find out something. We got pistols, which we always kept loaded in our pockets; bought dark lanterns. Every evening we used to hide about the house '. with these, and whenever the soft foot steps approached us on the stairs and cor ridor, or the door slammed below, we used to spring out turning on the bull's eyes, but we neversurprised any one. We used to doze by day and sit up at nights, unknown to the rest of my household — alas, in vain ! We were utterly baffled, mortified, humiliated. And still, as if to vex us worse, that pitiful sigh would occa sionally be breathed again in our ears. We would turn, and feeling sure that we could touch the presence at our side, grasped simply empty air. At last it really made me quite nervous not to be allowed the free possession of my own house in this way ; and also our minds, eyes, and hearing were constantly on the rack, night after night, instead of taking natural repose. But, besides, there was still a further sign of this ghostly com panionship. A few days after our arrival I bad .remarked a curious thing in one of the small leaded panes of the library case ment This was a mark, like the impres sion of a small moist hand, with the index finger quite distinctly marked, as if point ing, to the wall at one side. It was an unsightly object, and thinking itarosefrom the neglect of some servant whosehandhad stained the pane, I ordered it to be rubbed out.. The servants tried to do ao, even in my presence, with all sorts of remedies, till Jones at hut. assured me it was ineradicable. I then desired a fresh pane to be put in by the village glazier, but to my surprise the man demurred, saying he bad been called in to replace it .by former owners, but that the sign always reap peared It was useless to try to change it. 'We'll sea about that,' said I, and with one blow of my stick shivered the glass. A clean clear piece of glass was accordingly substituted in the lattice. 3Seat morning I took the library key from under my pillow, for I slept with all the house keys in my own keeping. On going into the room I carelessly glanced at the window. What was my surprise and rage on -seeing the finger on the pane, point ing as before I This second mystery Jones and I tried to solve, but to no purpose. How ever, let me now tell you of the only time when jre almost effected a capture. We had Iain down on two sofas in the sitting room one night, in utter darkness, at an hour when we might be supposed to be in our beds, our intention being to issue forth presently in a raid round the house from an unexpected quarter. We had our lan terns by us, but kept them closed. There was an outer door in this room, I must tell yon, leading to the lawn. As we lay there we all at once heard a Bound outside this door as of some one softly pushing or working against it. We both rose.'and nudged each other. * At last !— now we shall have it.' So, after hastily whisper ing together, we settled that Jones should slip outside by the front door, and creep up unobserved to this side of the house. The moment he gave a whistle I was to draw back the bolt and dash out, whilst he should make a rush on the enemy from the rear. We did so. All tha time I waited for Jones's signal this soft rubbing and pushing went on at the other side of the door, whilst I held my breath and the bolt too. Then came the whistle, and the next moment I had burst into the outer air and darkness, stumbling against a body of some sort. My hand as I grasped about came in contact with something clammy and cold, that tried to get away, but I held on tight. ' Come on quick, Jones, I have him fast,' I cried. Jones was at my side the next moment, and on turning the lantern on this object we beheld, what do you think — ? A young donkey that had strayed from the paddock, and which I was holding fast by the nose ! That last adventure almost ended my effort3. Dis gusted with the house, and rather an noyed, I decided to staifc off on my travels, as you know, leaving some of the other servants behind in a different part of the house, which had seemed undis turbed, and they were not troubled any more, I believe. Indeed, not knowing how it had bewildered me, they very likely thought little more about it. Then, my dear Muriel, you sent down your children last summer, and they were living in the haunted part with the most excellent results. ' Lady Audrey was no w looking unspeakable things at the danger the Brand babes had run of having fits. But their mother seemed much more self possessed, and only said with an almost pious air, ' Perhaps guardian angels watch over little children, and keep the other spirits away.' ' But come, now ; come ! There is an end to this story of yours, Penaluna. I see there is more coming,' cried out Sir Hasty. 'Yes, certainly, there is more to be told, though whether it explains much, I really dare not say,1 calmly proceeded the narrator. ' Something was found con nected with the house when I came home from Egypt.' Then he continued afresh. ' I had sent down some boxes of curiosities, for which there was no suitable cabinet at Friar's Stoke. So I wrote that workmen were to be got to remove part of the wainscotting in the library, where I meant to make an old-fashioned cupboard with glass doors in the depth of the wall, cor responding with one on the other side of the fireplace. And to see it correctly done and my precious things carefully un packed, I ran down myself from town for the day. When I arrived the men had already begun the job, and showed me with some surprise that behind the wood work they were pulling do»n there was an arch in the wall, evidently very hastily bricked up from the way the building had been done. Of course, this brickwork had to be removed ; so I stood by to see it done. There had evidently been a loug narrow niche there once, afterwards filled up. bo that my cupboard would be easily made. Fo sooner were a few bricks taken out than there appeared, as we expected, a cavity behind. But as some more were pulled away and the daylight showed suddenly the in terior of the recess, each one of us ex claimed in astonishment and pressed for ward to look. Inside and staring out at us we could see the skull and ribs of a skeleton! Yes, there was no doubt about it ; some poor living soul had been bricked into the wall in an upright position,' con tinued Penaluna, hardly looking round at the evident sensation caused amongst tho rest of the group by this incident in his recital. Then he went on, as if recalling the scene musingly to himself, and with a tone of regretful sentiment his quiet manner would never have caused one to suspect in him. ' The fleshless hands were stDl raised, as if imploring mercy; then the last bricks must have closed in, shutting out all hope. And to think that . Eome hundreds of years must have passed before tie summer svn and air were let in on that poor face and those praying hands, and that ours were the first pitying eyes that had looked upon that sad sight since the deed was done !' . . . ' Wtll, but go on — what more did you do V eagerly demanded Sir Hasty. There was no useless waste of feeling about him. His brother-in-law roused himself from liia momentary abstraction at the sum mons, and did continue ; assuming an air of more prompt despatch with his story. ' Vo ? — well, firstly I send off for my old friend, our village Esculapius. He was a first-rate surgeon in his day, and I wanted his opinion as to how long the bones had been there. They had crumbled down in a heap from the action of the air before he arrived. Still, after examin ing them he declared It was the skeleton of a woman, and he thought a young woman. And, in his opinion, it must have been there a long, a very long time. Inside the niche we only found two small objects — a little gold thimble and an old-fashioned hairpin. Nothing more, excepting a little dust. But now as I stood and looked at this silently — wonder- ing in my own mind, I must own, whether this skeleton could have any reasonable connection with my old acquaintance the white lady who used to sigh in my ear, but never showed her self—the doctor cried out as if recol lecting something, ' I declare there must be something in that old legend about the poor young .heiress and the monks here, after alL What ?— Don't you know it ?' ' ' Kb. I know almost no stories about the house,' I replied. The truth was, as I did not care to tell him, that I had been afraid any inquiries in the neighborhood might be laughed at, and out of an ashamed feeling both my butler and myself had agreed to say nothing about our many midnight re searches. ' Well, there is a current story among the peasantry,' said the doctor, '' that all the lands hereabouts belonged once upon a time to a poor young heiress who dis appeared. It was darkly supposed that she had been decoyed away by the covetous monks of Friar's Stoke, for as she had no near-of kin relations they got hold of all her possessions by virtue of a will made by the mistaken piety of au old ancestor of hers. Poor young creature !' At this moment, Jones, who had come down from town for the day with me, and was taking as lively an interest as myself in the discovery, we two having a fellow feeling on the subject, suggested in ex citement — 'O, sir, if you will please to observe the hand. The finger on the pane, you know— see* it is pointing just towards that side of the room.' It was so, indeed. Though whether we are to take this as really a sign that was silently pointing out the murder to later generations you may all conjecture or decide for yourselves. What I think does not matter. Anyhow, I had the whole woodwork and room well ransacked after that, but the only further objects found were two small old swords con cealed under the flooring. We gave the bones decent burial. The pane of glass, the thimble, and what else was found I have got now under lock and key at Friar's Stoke, and you shall all see them whenever next any of you will pay me a visit. As to the white lady with her loir sighs and step on the stairs, I do solemnly assure you, my dear Audrey, I have not seen or heard of her since ; and as you know, I have been living happily and peaceably at i riar's Stoke all this winter. You need have no more fears on that subject ; she is laid to rest. A sang «f Italian labewwaww Saratoga weie recently eat oown 10 cents, a day. la stead oi itritdng they eat »n inch off their stovcl blades at night, The 'boss'- aiked wbtt it meant, and Baldwin's Guiie reports that ore of the men replied—' Not bo much p»3, not so much dirt lift; all fight, job last then ere lone. Itallan.nolool like Irishman; he no strike.' 