Some Wedding Costumes. From time immemorial the feeling that cer tain customs were or were not in good taste for weddings has existed ; and while for many of them some explanation could be found, others have their why and wherefore hidden in Cimmerian darkness. i We all know that rioe is thrown after the ; happy pair, that plenty may always follow them ; and that this custom comes from the Chinese. On the other hand, a thoroughly satisfactory explanation of the throwing of the sh6e oaanot be found. The custom of putting the ring on the third finger of the right hand always reminds one of ths story that a vein runs from that finger to the heart, but the ancients preferred it because It was the medicine finger, all things pointed at or stirred by it doing their duty well. In the early days of Christianity the ring was put first on the thumb, " in the name of the Father," then on the forefinger, " and of the Son," then on the second finger, "and of the Holy Ghost," and then on the third fineer. where it remained, with the 44 Amen." This not only symbolised the belief in a Trinity, but was also an acknow ledgment that the husband oame next to God. The received wedding ring is & plain gold one, but in Russia, where the happy pair exchange rings, the bride's must be engraved in a certain way, and both must be of pure metal. The betrothal ring is there deemed of great importance, and is also of an especial kind. A formal announcement is made before the friends of the family, and then the bride- expectant offers two white doveB — a practice said to have existed when the worship of Venus prevailed. A lock of the maiden's hair is then cut and given to the groom, who offers in exchange for it a ring of silver set with turquoises, an almond cake, and some bread and salt. So strong a feeling prevails in regard to tbe style of this ring, that among the very poor it is often of tin set with a bit of blue glass ! Blue, very pale, is deemed the most desirable of all colours, and wedding gowns are usually of that shade. Among the Jews it was, for a long time, thought that, if a young girl wished to be happy in married life, she mast not be wedded on the fourth day of the week. The fifth was considered an unlucky day for widows. A commendable custom, at least in its symbolism, exists in Servia, where, as part of the marriage oeremony, the bride holds a piece of sugar between her lips, which signi fies that she will speak little and sweetly during the rest of her life. In another country gome wormwood is always mingled with the wreath worn by the bride. This reminder seems unnecessary, for the sorrows will be hard enbugh to bear when they come ; better— much better look on the happier side of life and choose only beautiful flowers, radiant with colour and perfume, dainty because fresh gathered, and suggestive of hope and happiness when there is — . . . ' placed a golden ring upon the hand Of the blithest little lady in the land.' 