THE B10&RAPHER.; MR. O'DONOVAN. WAR CORRESPONDENT. (FROM Tnn SrORTII.'G AND DRAMATIC NEWS. Xxie profession of special correspondent, whother followed strenuously as a means of livelihood, or taken up cn anuitcur, is perilous. It has its rewards and fascinations ; but, like sampuiru gathering, it is n dreadful trade. There are dangers of tlio bullot, cliinato and disenso to ho confronted, and neither medals nor inentiou in the Gazelle to bo anticipated. There has been a higher proportion of casu alties in the seleot band who chronicle war than amongst tho ranks of the actnal fighters. Bowlby was massacred in China, " Kit" Pem- horton was shot through tho temple at Sodan, a German got his juietus in the CarlisFstrngglo Ogle was dono to death in Thessalv, and now Edmond O'Donovan has to be added to the list of men who are to be numbered among tho. martyrs to duty. Thero can ho little doubt that he has met his fate in the Soudan, nnd judging from a knowledge of his past, Ms coolness, activity and skill with weapons — and ho was furnished with those of the best and deadliest make — there is one consolation, that if he had tlio ghost of a chance lie must have sold his existence at an exorbitant price. The deceased — if tho word muBt be used, although there is still a lingering hope that he may turn up all right— was tho son of the late Dr. John O'Donovan, professor of Celtic in Trinity College, Dublin, and translator of tho Annals of the Four Masters. Every parish in Ireland was familiar to this gentleman as he had traversed them on a Governm-ut survey, daring which ho picked up a vast store of knowledge— archieological, philological and genealogical; Ho was a corresponding momber of most of tho loarned societies of Europe, and such was tho esteem Bet upon his labors that he was al located a goodly pension out of tlio grudging Civil List, Edmond was one of five sonsf all bright, virile follows, hardy, adventurous, clear of brain, wonderfully quick to acquire lan guages, and of a perseverance uncommon among Irish students. Ono of them was drowned while attempting a swimming feat at the other side of the Atlantic ; another lay for months under the death sentanco in a dungeon at Estella on a trumped-up charge of having plotted the poisoning of Don Carlo3 : a third, who sustained all tlio rigors of tlio siege of Paris, is now editing a paper in New York; and the fourth, a surgeon in Lancashire, acted as Premier to Oko Jumbo, an Airicau kiug on the shores of the Bonny rivor, for a short period. These facts show what a stock the daring explorer of Merv belonged, that frolic some, free- hearted, erratic, reckless Munster stock— for tho O'Donovans originally came from Clare— which furnished Lever with so many portraits for his pictnrc gallery. Edmond graduated in the university with which his father was connected, and particu larly distinguished himself in natural Bcienoo, to which ho had a decided bent. Ho took a gold raedal for proficiency In chemistry, was appointed to a post fn the college library, and was also attached to Sir Bernard Burke's office in the Birmingham Tower, Dublin Castle. In the latter capacity be assisted at the Instal lation of tho Duke of Connaught as a Knight of St. Patrick. But academic" life did not suit the temperament of tho young Irishman. He was forvont in his political opinions, and per formed journeys to America and olsewhere on missions to which it will he more delicate to mako no further allusion, but which, it must he said in justice to hira, were always con ducted with talent ond fidelity. In 18G8, or thereabouts, he went to Paris. He was then studying Arabic, night nnd day, for he abso lutely took bis grammar to bed with him, nnd lind a great desire to voyngo in the East. Singular to say, with all Ms linguistic facilities, he could not speak ten words of Erse, the tongue of which his father was such a master. When tho Franco-German war broke out, he was in Ireland, hut nt onco went to Franco, and enrolled himself in the Foreign Legion, where lie soon got his epanlotte. At the battle of Orleans he was wounded by a gun shot in the hend, taken prisoner, and sunt into captivity in a Bavarian fortress. Ho improved tho occasion to learn German. After the war O'Donovan, in the Pyrenees provinces of Spain, acted as correspondent for an Irish journal. His bond-quarters wore at San Sebastian, where he was caught during the bombardment, but lie seemed to cross tho linc3 from one side to the other, now ranging with the Carlist partidai and now with tho Madrid troops, in tho most devil-may-caro way, but with a phenomenally constant luck. Frank Vizetelly, said to be a prisoner at El Obeid, was also in this Carlist campaign, a burly, elderly man, with a brisk imagination, "a lively pencil, and a marvellous choico of English. If any ingenious knight-errant can circumvent the Malidi, Vizetelly, or tlio Conde do Vizotelii, as ho loves to call him self, will. Ho acommodatcd himself to the manners of tho Carlists, with whom ho was immensely popular in no timo, woro the bania on his head and tho faha round hia loin?, cried 17 ru el Jlcii, and danced tho jota with tlio best. lie is equal to any omorgency, and it would not be ill the least astonishing to hear of his having pcrsuadod tlio Faiao Prophet that he was a renowned dancing dervish, and en titled to don the green turban. Anyhow, that he may effect his Hegira from that hot corner in the Soudan all his acquaintances, both of tlio old confedoralo army and other and newer hosts, sincerely pray. Aftur the Carlist rising had been stifled, O'Donovan proceoded one stago on that journoy to tho East bo bo much coveted, landed at Cattnro, and wont on to Cettinjo, in Montenegro. He took part with the moun taineers in their revolt against Turkey, but when tho conflict assumed larger proportions on tho intervention of Russia, ho transferred himself to Constantinople, and was commis sioned by a London daily to describe tho vicissitudes of the campaign in Asia Minor. This he did so satisfactorily that ho was charged on tho conolusion of the war to under take an oxpodition to unknown Asia. His Intention at the outset was to vary and pene trate to Control Thibet, bat oircumstanccB obliged Mm to alter his resolution, and he reached tho Merr oasts and pierced to Merv it-tell, the city held to be unattainable, in the laeo of every hazard, obstoclo and privation, it's graphic story of ilia experiences there and his full ini.d acute observations on tho country are on permanent record. On Ms return ti England he was greeted with much warmth »y the Geographical Society, and became, much to bis annoyance, the proy of Mrs. Leo iiuntor. flu spent some IS months inquiit- ness at i-t. Malo, in town, and in tho Midlands j but, as ho frequently said, lie always cherished hia idea of travelling to Lassaiuid interviewing tiio Lama. Wheu he got orders to go to tlio Soudan a few months ago, he at onco made his preparation?, but ho owned that he looked for. ward to tho trip with sore misgivings. He had a presentiment he would never roturn. "Good bye," were his last word? at parting. " Wo shall never meot again— at least in England." In person O'Donovan was rather above tho middle height, supple and well built, and with a physical constitution tough enough to stand any fatigue. He was no more than 93 yoars of ago. Hia faco waa koeu, regular, rosoluto, with a mixture of fun and shrewdness in his intense eyes, the lido, of which lie had a habit of compressing when ho fixed them upon any object. A soldierly fellow ho wa9, bronzed, black bearded, erect, with a Bprtngy Btep. His mind was a storehouse of desultory information covering &uch; awido scope of topics as classics, aud belles Icttrcs , Turkish and Gagatak Tartar, botany, fortifications, heraldry, and the extensive family of ologies. Ho could sketch tolerably well, survey accurately, was a practised ehotr— in Bhort, like Fadladeeo, in Lallu lloohh had a smattering of most thinga. As a lecturer, he was concise, Belf-posaessed, and pictorial, but had a peculiar emphatic yet halting mannor, which was unpleasant until one became accustomed to it, As a raconteur he was racy, and carried ooe with him by his animation of countenance and gee tare. What more can be said of hiux ? — exoept, indeed, that he despised the luxuries of tha table, that he placod no value on money savo as an aid to the accomplishment of his work, as a true special correspondent should, and that— if ho bo dead— he ha? met the death tm would havo chosen. Mr. Frank Power, who accompanied O'Do novan, partly aa secretary, partly as artist, ta a young Irishman, who is reputed to have seen some service on the Austrian frontier. Ho was ailing from the day of his arrival at Souakim — the temperature by tho lied Sea is trying— and only on the theory that bo was al ready on his way homewards can hia presence at Khartoum be explained. For an European and a stranger to Africa to U&vo; escaped from the field of battle nnd traversed tho desert for hundreds of miles ia simply utter nonsense A Pa3ha Power is referred to in a telegram from Khartoum ; but this cannot be the en tertaining "ghazi" (as Frank was known) for cvon in disturbed Egypt they do not im provise pashas from newly arrived Hibernian pilgrims of the brush. 