[ A Royal Ghost. A TELEGRAM from Berlin says:-A few nightâ árt the famous "Wiesae Dame/* or White.Lady, thö apiritu* familiaris et the Hohenzollern, family u reported to have seen by the sentinels before thi Alte Schloss. The legend of this apparition ia weu known- An ancestress of the HohenEollerns, Com» tess Orlamondo, is said to leave her grave and walk in solemn, and measured step, the corridors of the Alte Schloss ia Berlin whenever any member of the Boyal Family is about to die. Notwithstanding their profound scepticism, most Berliners, strange'? enough, still believe tho story of the White Lady. The capital is quite exalted over the pretended ap* parition. AU are talking about it and* wondering what member of the dynasty is next destined to die. The White Lady is a ghost who has frequently been seen in different castles and palaces belonging to the Boyal Family of Pruaaia. She ia supposed to forbode the death of some of th« royal family, espe cially one of the children. Her last appearance waa in 1879, just prior to the death of Prinoe Waldemar. A soldier on guard waa witness of thé apparition, and in his fright fled to the guard-room, where he waa at once arrested for deserting his post. Twice she hai been heard to speak. In December, 1698, ahe ap. 8eared in tho palaoe at Berlin, and said in Latin, "I wait for judgment." Again at the castle of Neuhaua in Bohemia when she said to the Princess, in German, "It is ten o'olook," and the lady ad. dressed died in a few weeka. Thoro are two whito ladies in f aot-one of the Countess Agnes Orlamohde who is referred to by our Berlin correspondent, and the other Princess Bertha von Rosenberg, who lived in the 15th oontury. The former was buried alive in a vault in the palace. Sho was the mistress of a Mar grave of Brandonburgh, by whom she had two song. When tho Prince bocamo a widower Agnes thought ho would marry her, but he made the sons an objec tion, and sho poisoned thom, for which crime she was buried alive. Another version ia that she fell in leva with tho Prince of Parma and made away with her two daughters, who were an ohstaole to her marriage, for which orimo Bho waa doomed to " walk the earth '.' as an apparition. Tho Princesa Bertha is troubled booatise an annual gift which Bho left to the poor hu boen discontinued. She appears dressed in white and oarriea at her side a bnnoh of keyB. 