AMUBEMENT3. THEATRE ROYAL. LE8 CLCCHES DE CORNEVILLE. It was but in November last that Planquotto's "Lis Clcches do C'oineville " was produced ot the Theatre Royal by the Royal Comic Opera Com pany, and now, after io short an interval as nine mouths, wo bavo to speak of its reproduction by tbe same company, and at the same theatre. The revival is. however, one which proves very wel come, for few operas can beast such pretty music or laughable dialogue as " Les Olocnes." As to tbe music, is not tl e first act alone crowded with gems, any one of which would make the fortune of tbe composer if published as a separate piece / "I may be Princess," "On Billows Booking," "That Night I'll TSe'tr Forget," "To Me a Stranger," the " Ding Dong," and "Just look at this" ehoruses — these charming airs succeed each other quickly, whilst the shoit interval is occupied in the unfolding of a capital Iplot, in which tho characters arc so well conceived that their dis tinct individuality makes it difficult to forget them. All .these circumstances have made tue opera deservedly popular, and when, on Saturday night, the curtain rose upon tbe weil-rt- membored " Bay of Calvados," with its far-reaching white cl ffs, placid blue tea, and its yellow beach, a murmur of approbation ran round the crowded house. This was iucreas d to loud and long-continued applause when Miss I Nellie Stewart, in hercharuc'er of Serpolette cimo flying on to tte stage. We think Serpolette Miss Nellio 6U wart's best character, and to judge try tho way in which she was received in ic on Saturday, ihe public think so too. Misb Stewart h?s hit off in a very pre'ty fashion the manuer or the little ur.cophistii'ated fisher girl. The gaiety and high spirits which can frud relief in" such graceful romping sb Seruolstto givey us iu the song and dance "Not a ghost at all " (which was encored), add mnch to the attractiveness of tie part, and the audience quite sympathise with the I twinkling ftet of the roguish singer. Serpolette iB not a great singing part, but Miss Stewart makes the most of her opportunities in it. Her I rendering of the dainty little song "I may be I Princess, leastways Madame," was artistically the ; success of the evening. Miss Stewart was I in excellent voice on Saturday night, and her I lower register appears to have gained in power and roundness of quality aince her last ap- j pcarance here. Miss Fanny Liddiard's " Ger- , maite" ie a familiar impersonation, upon which I the actrecs has considerably improved since last November. The voice is still cold and passionless, , but it ii used with more jodgment. The higher ! notes are taken more carefully, and tbe loss ot : pitch from which the singer suffered last season | from forcing tbe register has been remedied in i consfquence. For the rest, Miss Liddiard looked ! remarkably well in pretty costumes of apple blosrom and russet brown, and was well received for " Giris should never say yea or nay," a sang which she rendered with spirit. Mr Howard Vernon again took the part of tbe Marquis, which he acted to perfection. His style of singing is too cozrse to make tbe impersonation thoroughly acceptable, but some vigorous chert notes and the personal popularity of the actor ensnrcd him a warm reception. Mr Edwin Kelly, of course,- took the great acting part of the piece. Bis " Gaspard" is a careful study, and in places tbe actor displays very considerable dra matic power. Mr Kelly has lengthened that hor rible laugh of his by several yards, if it may so be expressed, and wc almost feci inclined to echo the wish of the Bsiilie when he "hoped the old man would take something for that w.ir cry." Greni- chenx was poorly taken by Mr W. H. W.rodfield, who was sadly ont ofjvoice. We trust to hear Me Woodfield do better hereafter, when it may also be hoped he will sing with more attention to tbe effects of light nnd shade than he did on Sa urday night. Mr John Wallace was warmly welcomed as " Gobo," a part with which he is happily iden tified, The "Cert'nly not" and that telescopic neck, which nil recollect as a feature in the p(rt, convulsed the house ao incredible number of time;, and tbe audience were equally amused at the inge nuity of the Baillie over tbe " hat trick." In tbe two part? puns are as thick as blrckb'rrici, and the temptation to "gag" appeals to ti irresisti ble. Like tho Baillie, wc bad asked ourselves, "Is this eort of thiogto be ndded to tbe hoirors ot the night?" and wvrc not surprised to learn that it was. Mr John Forde, as the Baillie, does not succeed in making the pait so ladicrousas the last actor (Mr Harry Taylor) wbo appeared in it. He is more pompous and more ezvereiy grave than Mr Taylor (as he should be), but his voice is not so susceptible of varying inflection, and came points are consequently lost. We mica the step- dancing in tbe par:, but the little singing which is in cluded in it is better done. The chorus were ex cellent, the marks of expression in " Let our torches light op the gloom," being well given, and the dotted notes effectively rendered. The intro duction to this first choroa in tbe second act was pUyed witb delicacy by the orchestra, the dresses throughout were bright, and the piece not le3S well done than on former occasion?. 