PICTON ON MASSEY AND HIS DREAMS. Despite the unfavorable appearance of the weather on Friday night last, a large audience assembled at the Christian Chapel to listen to Mr. Picton's Lecture on Massey and his dreams, his Egyptian craze, and pre tensions. Mr. Bowmaker, City Missionary, occupying the chair— the Hon. A. Gordon and several Clergymen heing present— the Lecturer grappled particularly with the as sertions made by Mr. Massey concerning Celsus — the Talmuds and the Osirian Myth, and showed their utter reckless and untruth ful character. He read a number of passages from Origin's reply to Celsus (a copy of which he had with him) proving most con clusively that the Jesus known to Celsus was the Jesus of the Gospels as all the prin ciple events of the life of Jesus from his birth to his crucifixion are referred to by Celsus. , He then proceeded in a similiar manner to deal with Mr. Massey's statement that the only Jesus known to the Jews anu mentioned in the Talmud was Jehoshua ben. Pondirn. He showed that the Talmud- speaks of "Jesus of Nazareth, the son of Mary, the daughter of Eli — whose son he was without, the knowledge of her. husband— and states that it was in Egypt ho learned the art of magic by which; he was enable to per-: forra Miracles— that in -- one of : them Eliezer tells his friend Akiba that he mot with-Jaines a disciple of Jesus of Nazaroth, in Zippor, a town of Galilee, who gave him the interpre tation of a passage in the old Testament, which he had received from Jesus and with which he was pleased. Of the Osirian Myth, Mr. Picton gave very full particulars, re questing his hearers, as he proceeded, to ob serve whether there was in it the shadow of a ghost of a similarity to Christian history— whether there was anything whatever in the Myth of Osiris or HoruB that corresponded in any manner to Christ or his life, and com pletely exposed the sophistical manner in which Mr. Massey endeavoured to show that there was ; Mr. Massey's process of proof being what. Mr. Picton termed the "dove tailing process" — the same process by which an Infidel once used to prove that the Bible enjoined suicide — does not the Bible (said he) say that Judas went out and hanged himself, and don't it also say, " Go thou and do likewise." Mr. Picton wanted to know if what Mr. Massey said was true that no Greek or Roman ever read (what he called) the facts f — that proved that the Christian History was pre-extant in Egyptian Mytholo gy, because they had been buried out of sight for thousands of years in a hierogly- pbical language, how it was that the Apostles — the Fishermen of Galilee— the first propo- gators of 'this so-called Christian Myth, knew anything about it — from whence did they obtain that knowledge ; but perhaps (added he) the Apostles are Myths also. How came they so .successfully to preach this Myth in Jerusalem and all Judea— to persuade their countrymen to believe that there had just then been a living among them a veritable man named Jesus of Nazareth who wrought Miracles whom they Crucified, but who arose again from the dead, when no such person had existed in their midst, and no such events had transpired, but all was a Myth ; but per haps (again added Mr. Picton) its all a Myth about it being preached amongst and believed by the Jews. Perhaps Paul also was a Myth., What fools the JewB must have been to have lived these many hundred yeare under the stigma of having crucified Jesus, when it was all a Myth — what fools the early Christian writers such as Barnabas, Clement of Rome, Ignatius, Justin, Martyr, Tertullian and Clement of Alexandria, must have been to have . believed what . they did about Jesus, when no such person had existed, and what still greater fools the ancient adversaries of the Faith (such as Celsus, Porphery, Julian and others), must have been not to have known it was all a Myth — aud what fools the whole world of historians and critics must have been not to have made the marvellous discovery that Christ was only a Myth — we shall soon begin to think we are all Myths, Mr. Massey in cluded. Mr. Picton supposed that Mr. Bright was now a convert to Masseyism, as he so rapturously applauded Mr. Massey's dogma ; if so, we certainly ought to expect a recan tation from him of. the belief he expressed only last year in the Gaiety Theatre, that the materialized form of Jesus appeared to his disciples — and that they handled him — and that they must have had most convincing proof that they had seen him after his cruci fixion, and have been willing to lay down their livesin attestation thereof — that we oughtnow no more to hear Spiritists call Jesus the "Prince of Spiritualists," "the mighty Medium," their " elder brother," nor to hear or read accounts of appearances of materialized forms of Jesus in Cabinets at Seances ; that, it was 'passing strange that the Spirits had not 'made the discovery that Jesus was a Myth, hut were themselves under the delu sion that he was a veritable personage. He called attention to the fact that while one Spiritist Lecturer in Sydney (Mr. Massey) was denying the existence of Christ, a Spiritist Lecturess (Mrs. Parker), in a debate she was holding with Mr. Walker on Immortality, claimed Jesus as being at one end Of the Spiritualistic line of which Mr. Gladstone was at the other end. Mr. Picton was frequently applauded during the delivery of his Lecture. An opportunity was given at the end for re levant questions being asked, but was not availed of. 