OUR ST. PETERSBURG LETTER. ST. PETERSBURG, DEC. 23. The Russian finances will not be improved by such measures as that of the so- called “gold rent,” an in- terior loan contracted by the Government at 6 per cent. If that is supposed to be the means of raising the rouble a pari, it can be safely predicted that the result will be sooner or later bankruptcy. This operation will not only impoverish the Government, but the people. It is difficult to conceive how the public can have been blinded by this brilliant exhibition of fireworks, but it is a fact that the “gold rent” awoke at first universal enthusiasm. The papers (except Katkoff’s) naively rejoiced that in a single day the whole rent was taken. Yes, it was, but by rich, foreign bankers, Jews, and monopolisers, too glad to get 6 per cent. out of the Government. The enthusiasm, however, went down and fell flat when, instead of rising, the course on the very next day fell one and a half per cent., and the shares have not risen above the nominal price. In fact nothing could shake the credit of Russia abroad more effectually than these in extremis measures. The hopes built upon Mr. Bunke must, perforce, be abandoned, this celebrated theori- cian, as many others, not having the most remote notion of practice. It is, indeed, high time that some one else should take the place of this incapable and dull financier, who has fully proved that he is unfit for so responsible a post, in which he has displayed for years the most deplorable want of energy and initiative, systematically closing his eyes to every practical mea- sure which might surely and safely have improved the finances of the country. The question of the revision of the University statutes still awaits its solution. It is said that no less than 15 seances of the council will be devoted to the discussion of it. There is, however, little likelihood that the Government will go against common sense to such an extant as that of adopting Mr. Kattkoff’s project. It would be voluntarily exciting the Russian youth to revolt, or at least to discontent. It is as likely as not that this question will after all be “left in sus- pense,” as is done with every matter that requires thorough sifting. It is difficult to please at the same time Mr. Kattkoff and the young liberal intelligence of Russia. The visit of Mr. Giers to Count Bismarck seems to have had a soothing effect upon Germany, which is always accusing Russia of chauvinism, an accusation which it is impossible not to consider as a fine irony, seeing the present state of things. There will certainly be war between Russia and Germany, but it is not Russia that will provoke it. The interests of Germany are to war with Russia, not vice versa. The part the German papers play, and have played during the last six months, is anything but honest, but Europe is beginning to awaken to the truth, and to see through the intrigues of the German press. The Russian newspapers all blame the facility with which France is letting herself be drawn into war with China, and no small anxiety is felt here on this account, for it will become urgent to keep an eye all along the interminable Russo-Chinese frontier, as it is well known that, with the Chinese, war means extermination of all foreigners. Travellers recently returned from India draw lively pictures of the aspect of things there, find- ing the Hindoos ripe for revolt. But the coming down- fall of the British power in India is a pet subject here, and the double-headed eagle can’t help squinting now and then in the direction of this rich prize, and longing for it to escape from the lion’s paws, in which case no doubt it would not be against swooping down under pretext of civilising the Hindoos and improving their sad state, which, in parenthesis, is next door but one to that of its own native moujiks. On the 4th instant Russia celebrated with a great deal of pomp and magnificence the 800th jubilee of Ivan Feodroff, the first Russian printer. The intro- duction of printing into this country, always backwards in everything, took place a whole century later than in the rest of Europe. Whereas printed books had there become common things, in Russia they were considered with astonishment and awe, and by many with fear and displeasure. Feodroff, the pioneer of the printing press, fell a victim to the ignorance and prejudice of his countrymen. The first book he printed in Russia in 1564 was the Acts of the Apostles, in the Slavonian tongue. The apparition of this book caused a great turmoil among the persons employed then in immense numbers to copy the manuscripts required in the orthodox churches, and forming a class apart. These copyists got up a cabal against the unfortunate bringer of light among darkness, and accused him of heresy, for which supposed crime he was exiled, barely escaping with his life. But, even in his exile, Feodroff contrived to establish a printing press, and during 30 years he printed the whole Bible and New Testament, which he sent as a present to the reigning Tsar—Ivan the Terrible. But after this first step another century and a half lapsed before printed books were permitted in Russia. It was Peter the Great who established typographies in Moscow in 1705. But not until 1775—that is, little more than one century ago—did the first f??e typography appear, until that time print- ing having been reserved as a privilege of the Crown, and strictly forbidden under pain of death. Even then, it was only allowed to print books in foreign languages, for fear of the people’s learning to read. At last, in 1783, on the 4th December, the Crown granted the privilege of printing books in the native language, and it was to commemorate that day that all the churches in Russia were filled with people to pray for the soul of Feodroff, and all the hotels full of a ban- quetting, rejoicing, speech-making public. Although the person of Feodroff stands out clear and distinct in the past, who could count the other heroes and victims of that long and unequal battle? Who can know at what price the precious privilege was won, and the appalling obstacles which had to be surmounted before this simple right was wrung from an unwilling Government? And who can fail to see the continua- tion of this struggle to this very day and hour, when one considers that out of 95 millions of Russian subjects only from seven to eight millions can read? Those who love Russia, and who have an idea of her immense unrevealed resources, cry for more light, more printing presses, books, and masters for the people. But the Government hangs back as of yore on this great question, and in reality keeps the peasant steeped in ignorance. No sensible person will consider the miserable pretence of public education in this country was anything but a delusion, a cheat, which has been found out and judged by civilised Europe long ago. There was something false-sounding and even ridiculous in the fine speeches made on the anni- versary of this introduction of printing into Russia, when one reflects that the privileges accompanying it are shared by such a small number, for there is literally no literature for the people, and a few veracious and out-spoken words on the occasion might have consider- ably cooled down this selfish enthusiasm, but no one pronounced those sobering matter-of-fact words, nor called attention to startling statistics, and the feasting and rejoicing of the few elect went on to the end. The accident that befel the Emperor on the 28th November at the chase has not had serious conse- quences. Being thrown violently from his sledge, the horse having taken fright, His Majesty received a fracture of the right shoulder. The first few days his sufferings were considerable, but he requires now nothing but quiet and retirement. It is very curious that this event has been concealed from the public all this time, and it is only to-day that a very short official account of it appeared in the papers. This absurd and useless mania of making mysteries of the most ordinary things causes rumours to spread about which have no foundation whatever. All last week it was a question of the Emperor having been wounded by the Nihilists, which was quite improbable, considering the excessive reliability of all the persons admitted within ten miles of Gatchina. All Russia is now divided into two dis- tinct classes, which I cannot translate better than by the terms “reliable” and “unreliable.” But it is difficult to extend these distinctions to animals, and it turned out that His Majesty, unknown to the police, had an unreliable horse. Just now a great many new pictures of Verishaginn are being exposed in St. Petersburg—an exhibition which affords great interest, for, besides the pictures, many curiosities from India, such as arms, furniture, tapestries, praying machines, amulets &c.;, &c.;, are set forth. The rooms are lined and adorned with rich silken materials, wonderfully embroidered, rare Indian plants and flowers are grouped about with great taste, and the pictures are artistically lighted up by electric lamps, invisible to the ??. The whole produces a strik- ing effect, and for the mass of the public there is no doubt that this fantastical museum scene helps to deepen the impression caused by the really beauti- ful pictures. Verishaginn’s talent, however, which has been universally acknowledged in Vienna and Paris, is violently contested in Petersburg. Ignor- ing the spontaneity and admirable energy of the master’s inspiration, his opponents (among whom may be counted several eminent painters) find his pieces deficient in finish, too coarse, and, above all, too realistic. But these complaints are unjust, for although Verishaginn’s war pictures are perhaps a little too crude for an æsthetical amateur, on the other hand, some of his Indian pictures are gems of finished workman- ship and refinement. “Night in Delhi,” and “A Valley in Cashmere,” are poems upon canvas. “Most of Verishaginn’s pictures are meant to be seen at a distance, and will not bear close inspection. No more will a great many beautiful women. But the effect is attained, and that is the principal thing, the whole art of painting after all being but the making an illusion appear natural, and it is strange to complain of a picture’s appearing too real.” Those words of a French critic, when Verishaginn’s pictures were exposed in Paris, are full of justice, and the great artists of that city were most favourably impressed by the Russian painter’s talent. The rapidity with which Verishaginn produces his pictures, and which would make a hero of him among the Yankees, is considered as another critical defect by his detractors. “How can a man paint 60 pictures in the space of two years and a half? They must be rubbish.” This may sound reasonable, certainly; but this logical reasoning all melts to nothing before the contemplation of those numerous pictures, many of which are masterpieces. The so-called war pictures are powerful; they cannot be beheld calmly, they unnerve the strongest person. The contortions and suffering of the wounded soldiers, both Russian and Turkish, are depicted just as they were witnessed by the artist, and he took no pains to poetise his dying, and to give unto them graceful postures, as in some French pictures; but paints agony and death in all their grotesque, terrible, and repulsive aspect. Some of his pictures are minutely finished off, others are but hints or suggestions. One of the latter is the treble portrait of a sentinel on the heights of Shipka. No. 1: The soldier, enveloped in his bashlick or capu- chon, stands, gun on shoulder, at his post. No. 2: A snowstorm has arisen, the soldier is almost upset with the wind and blinded with the snow. No. 3 represents a desert of snowy peaks, with nothing visible but the tip of the soldier’s spear. Under this picture is inscribed the Grand Duke’s telegram, “All right on Shipka.” Almost all the pictures have some such meaning—some ironical, some reproachful, all terribly sad and sobering. No one until now has so depicted the horrors of war, or shown at what price the Skobe- loffs gain their victories. I find that Verishaginn’s great successes are his “Indian types.” All are por- traits, and it seems that in this speciality Verishaginn can hardly be surpassed. Another famous Russian painter is at this moment exposing a picture which attracts a great deal of attention. It is a tableau de genre, representing the wedding of a rich boyard in the last century. Makovsky, if he lacks the spontaneity and boldness of conception that distinguish Verishaginn, on the other hand carries the technical part of his work to perfection. But his colouring is extravagant, and his picture is what the French term maniere, or affected. Contemplating his “Wedding” after the exposition of Venshaginn is like eating honey after raw beefsteak. Makovsky is the painter a la mode. He is a great favourite among the aristocratic beauties of Petersburg, many of whom he has transferred to canvas. In his way he has incon- testable merit. In general Russia is certainly pro- gressing in art at a very fair rate, and can count among her modern painters a great many that have attained European celebrity. The great musical event of the season is the new opera of Salvayre, “Richard the Third.” This French composer attempted in vain to get his opera repre- sented at Vienna and Paris. At Petersburg he was more fortunate, as he found such excellent interpreters as Messrs. Dufriche and Marconi, and Mdmes. Durand and Stahl. The difficulty of this opera, and the enor- mous scenic preparations it requires, might well frighten both impresario and artists, but though the first repre- sentation did not awaken the interest of the public, the piece is in reality full of merit and originality, though too long and too noisy. The baritone Dufriche has done wonders in the difficult part of Gloucester. His voice is not powerful, but his method is excellent, and as to his acting, it is worthy of a first-rate trage- dian. Richard III., in all his ugliness, meanness, and ferocity, stood there a living man before the spectator. Nothing could be more expressive than the attitude of this king—his shuffling, vulgar walk in the procession of 500 persons, the skulking looks he cast around. The scene on the field of Bos- worth, where the ghosts of his victims appear to him, was carried by Dufriche to the highest point of dramatism. Shakspeare’s tragedy has been most un- ceremoniously treated by the Italian librettist, who has added many episodes which are in flat contradiction to history. This may spoil the effect of the opera if it ever be given in London; but in general, Richard III. presents great interest for an English public. The costumes and decorations are historically true, and have cost the direction 50,000 roubles. Madame Durand was admirable in the part of Elizabeth, but M. Salvayre, like Rubenstein and other modern composers, in writing his music gives little heed to what may or may not be accomplished by a human voice. All the parts are pitched too high, and the singing of such music would soon destroy such a voice as Madame Durand’s. In general, however, consider- ing the sombre and horrible nature of this tragedy, the wild, noisy, fantastical character of the music may seem appropriate. The Petersburg papers, without ex- ception, have come down ferociously against the whole thing, though they fully appreciate the efforts made by the artists “to sing the most infernal French rubbish.” The critics blindly ignore all the real merits of the piece. The trio between the two Elizabeths and Queen Margaret, the love duet in the first act, the scene of the apparitions on the field of battle, are all numbers worthy of a great composer. The ensembles are grand and original. There is nothing that reminds one of anything, except the first tenor solo, which is banal. Though Petersburg has furnished Salvayre with a theatre, decorations and excellent artists, it was the last place in the world to expect any kind of musical appreciation, the bulk of the public being grossly ignorant, and the unfortunate man was sadly disappointed to hear the hissing and groaning which greeted his opera. But at the second representation Dufriche carried all before him; there was a good deal of applause and no hissing; and no doubt in time the partition will be appreciated. It is the first time that an opera from abroad has been given at St. Petersburg, not excepting those of Rubin- stein himself, which are always given in Germany before they appear here. Notwithstanding the approach of Christmas, but little life is visible in the commercial world. The illness of the Emperor will probably prevent the realisation of divers projected balls and other court amusements, and in general the scarcity of money makes itself sensibly felt. Viveurs are not having a very gay time of it this year in St. Petersburg, and many go off to Paris. Ladies of the Parisian demi- monde are shyer than of yore to come to Peters- burg, “les Russes” being by no means so lavish of their money now-a-days. Such of those ladies who are established here console themselves by opening gambling houses in the secrecy of their apartments, and the police are for ever busy ferreting them out. The famous Judic, who arrived to regale the Petersburg public with such chansonettes as are forbidden in Paris, pours forth the notes of her cracked voice to a half empty house. This divinity of the Cascade thought to take treble prices from those “imbeciles of Russians,” but the time for that has gone by, and the fat overgrown old Diva has to open her unwilling eyes to the fact that, 12 years ago, the Russians were richer and she younger than now. The Russians have resisted all her superannuated blandishments, which fact I find is a decided progress considering the pieces she has chosen, to set forth the most refined depravation. To this woman and others like her must be attributed the total distaste for every noble amusement which has taken possession of the Russian youth. In the interior affairs of Russia there is very little of interest just now going on. Whether the slight move- ment observed last month betokening a possible change in the Ministry really took place, or was only the effect of imagination, it has had no result. Everything remains as it was. Messrs., Axakoff, Katcoff, and Co. continue to reign serene as ever, and seem to have quite reconquered their prestige, if indeed they ever forfeited it. It is difficult to imagine anything more dreary than social intercourse in St. Petersburg. Pursued continually by the fear of spies and denun- ciators—half the society being, in fact, set on to watch the “reliability” of the other half—people have en- tirely ceased to talk upon any subject of interest; the merest chit-chat is exchanged, and the society takes refuge in cards. Nothing can be more lugubrious than a party under such conditions, and people have taken to sit at home when they can’t be at some theatre. Under the exterior appear- ance of peace and tranquillity, Russia is, in fact, passing a time of terror and misgiving, feeling the ground tremble under her steps, and not knowing what security is. It is evident that such a state of things cannot continue long. The Minister of War, Mr. Vannovsky, who has lately been in Germany to re- establish his health, after his return to Russia felt himself much worse, and it is sup- posed he will be obliged to give up his post. There is a great deal of illness in the capital. Diphtheria is making fearful ravages, and carries off whole families. Sanitary commissions are established for the disinfection of some of the over-populated quarters of the town; but the fear and hatred inspired by those people cannot be uprooted among the ignorant, superstitious peasants, who prefer dying all together to sending their sick children to the hospital. For them the hospital is the grave, preceded by the dissecting room—the terror of all the simple Russian people. It may be imagined how hopeless is the task of the members of the sanitary societies, for the most part energetic, brave man and women, who toil without reward among the sick and poor. Though the efforts of the Pashkovites (a Protestant sect among the aristocrats of Petersburg) have been almost entirely paralyzed, and their meetings openly forbidden, under pain of excommunication from the Orthodox Church, some ardent admirers of Lord Rad- stock still continue in a private way to instruct the common people, to give them Protestant tracts to read, to furnish them with work, and save them from the tyrant alcohol. In reality, nothing can be more harm- less than all this, for the Protestant tracts differ in nothing from the orthodox faith, being little innocent tales or Bible stories explained. But a great lady of Petersburg got into trouble lately through these very tracts. Once every week the Princess C. was in the habit of preaching to as many people as could be got into a small room she hired for the purpose. There was a harmonium upon which the Princess played to accom- pany hymns, then she spoke familiarly to the people, distributed tracts, food, and money, and that was all. One day when the Princess arrived at the usual hour, the porter told her “she had better not come any more, as the police had been and forbidden her to preach.” The lady, however, continued the reunions in another place, and one day was arrested, and only released upon her promise to desist from her course of enlightening the people. All her papers, books, &c.;, were seized and examined, and she is under the sur- veillance of the police as “unreliable”—viz., a dan- gerous member of society. 