Chatter II. I had been some few months on the gully, digging in a somewhat desultory fashion, sometimes with one mate some times with another—for the claims were soon worked out—when the two other figures who with those already mentioned make up my group loomed upon the canvas of my picture. I saw them first in the danding saloon of the Excelsior, •whither I -had gone as was my wdht occasionally to Bmoke a pipe and ex change digging experiences with such miners as I thought worth a passing intimacy or the exertion of a mental pump. Of course I knew them at once to be strangers, and equally, of course, I handicapped them in my private social code well bred both; that could be seen with half an eye, despite the rather overdone roughness of their costume. There is a loadstone contained somewhere in the human constitution which verifies the truth of the adage that 'birds of a feather flock together,' and a very short time elapsed before we three, although not the only ' broke down swell's' in the room, were chatting sociably together over a bottle of English ale. "Yes, they had arrived by the coach an hour ago, and had put up at the ' Royal Mail;' but they came to make money, must, in fact, don't you know; not quite stone-brokers, but still meant work and not play. No, don't care about this sort of thing, had enough of that at the old ' Argyll,' by Jove, and this was a poor imitation of the ' Piccadillyand then as Minnie Fielding made her appearance at the inner bar for a moment to speak to her father, the two new- comers simul taneously ejaculated, 'By George !' in very large capitals indeed. The question quickly followed—'Who on earth is that?' I explained, and the opinion was at once expressed that the landlord ought to be crucified for bringing such a girl to such a place. Minnie quickly retired—not, how ever, as I could see without having taken In the situation—and our conversation took a more general turn. Before parting for the night, which we did at the canvas door of the Royal Mail, which was on the track to my tent, I promised to look them up in the morning, and as I had just finished cleaning up the last wash dirt of my claim, to take a turn round the diggings with them. I discovered during this tour that neither of my newacqualntances was a fool, and the upshot of the peregrination was that we agreed to become mates and Btart on a * prospect' next morning. Before proceeding further in my story let me introduce my new mates. The elder, Sydney Darshot, was a tall stalwart man of about five and twenty, with brown eyes, black beard and moustache, aquiline nose, decidedly handsome, and, to judge by expression, of a determined disposition, and one whom it would not be safe to cross in any important matter. He had passed his little go at Caius' College, Cambridge, where he had been more renowned for his prowess in the college eight, his hard hitting to leg, on 'Parker's Piece,' and his general superiority over his contempo raries in all matters where muscle, dash, nerve, and a quick eye were necessary factors to success, than for his proficiency in or application to classics or mathe matics. But withal he had proved himself a clever writer and satirist, by a temporary enforced absence from college, consequent on his connection with a certain somewhat Pasquinian pub lication circulated through the 'schools,' which raised the ire of the 'dons.' Somewhat of a cynic and much given to sarcasm, he was not a man to make friends amongst the generality of people, but he was ' real grit' as the Yanks have it, and beneath the surface was warm-hearted, generous, and as true as the gold he panned out when cleaning-up time came. His companion, Charlie Melton, wa3 of a different stamp altogether. Although a 'dark blue,' having been at Oxford, he was much fairer than his 'light blue' friend. Of medium height, lithe and elastic of figure, his activity made up in a great measure for his lack of the other's great bodily strength. His dark ches nut beard and moustache set off well his clear-cut Saxon features, his eyes were blue and full of fun or tenderness, as the mood was upon him, but they oould throw out sparks when occasion warranted; in fact, he was the beau ideal of those heroes whom I)e LaBamee and Braddon are wont to go in ecstasies over and nominate god-like; indeed, I am not quite certain that Anthony Trollops had not a sneaking fondness for dragging his proto types into his clerical romances. In fact, Charlie was just the sort of man to turn the heads of ladies' maids and grass widows, besides being looked upon as dangerous by ambitious mothers and by husbands who had married young wives, and whose lives are one continuous struggle to appear as if they never heard of Mr. Justice Hannan, nor knew of the existence of the divorce court. He made no Becret of havingbeenignominously plucked, nor of his having bled his 'governor' until that long-suffering progenitor had declinad to submit to his filial phlebotomy any longer. 'Yes, old fellow, he kicked me out with a Crimean shirt on my back, a box of paper collars, two hair brushes, one comb, a bottle of jockey club, two pocket handkerchiefs, and a toothbrush, in my carpet-bag, and a -cheque for a couple of hundred in my pocket. "Go, my son, and earn your living; I have done with you ; I wash my hands of you," said he ; and then I've a shrewd suspicion he went into his den and tried to believe he wasn't blubbering over the prodigal. Good old chap ! I wish he could see me now. But I was an awful young rip, eh Syd ?' Such was his way of condensing his short career—light-hearted, gay, brave as a lion, and a whale at work; he was an amusing companion, and a true friend at heart, but easily led, and unstable a3 water. In age he was Darshot's j unior by about three -years. Such Were my new mates; and now to my story. It was probably in the first instance on account of my constant visits to the Ex celsior that the two were so frequently there, but I soon saw that Minnie Field ing was the great attraction. Being my friends the line of demarcation had been considerably relaxed in their case, and whereas none but a bank manager or two and an occasional 'bagman' of not too loud a pattern were permitted to enter the private portion of the hotel, Syd. and Charlie were allowed almost as free a ' run of the kitchen' as I was. A looker on sees most of the game, it is said, and I soon discovered that both my young com panions were enthralled by Minnie, one with all the fervid depth of his nature, the other with the passionate devotion of a shallower organisation. Fielding was not slow to grasp the situa tion, and we had several conversations upon the subject, and one Sunday whilst Minnie and her adorers were strolling down the gully, her father said— ' Look here, Blank, you and I under stand one another pretty well; now tell me candidly what you think of your two mates.' 'I have doae so, half-a-dozen times,' I replied. 'Yes, but what I mean is—dash it, old fellow ! you can see they're both dead spoons on Minnie, but old Harry himself can't tell which of them she like3 best. Of course they are both gentlemen, ccla va sans dire, but how about their prospects. I tell you frankly, Blank, I'm not going to throw my daughter away on a man who can't keep up a fair position. I know what impecuniosity is—no one better; and I know nothing spoils a woman bo much as the want of those little luxuries which make life pleasant ; so, like a good fellow, tell me what you really know about these men, and let me judge how to act for myself. I am pretty well in, as you are aware, and I can Bell out for a big thing any time I like to lift my finger, and that won't be long first ; but if I saw the necessity I'd top my boom to-morrow, and be off bag and baggage. I can go home and take up the broken thread of my life with ease, though a few years since respectability pretended to turn up the whites of its eyes at me. At me !—no, but at the poverty-struck position of a man who had squandered what he should have kept for the rainy day. Now that I can plank my dollars with the best of them they will quite forget the little eccentricities ut 13!* -welL of Frank Fielding.' • All I know is not a great deal,' I replied, ' hut you are welcome to it.' ' Fire away, then, Blank.' •Sydney Darahot is .the hoir to a baronetoy.' • What Darrell Darahot's son, la he down ft? ouldahire way V • The same.' {By Jove; a splendid fellow. He was in the Coldstreanis when I was in tbo but go on old fellow.' • Well,' I resumed, ' it seems the acres don't bring in much, and the title isn't worth much' ' Of course they don't; of course it isn't,' interpolated Fielding; 'mortgaged up to the hilt. I recollect his run of bad luck at Crockford's, night after night for a week, when he dropped £32,000, and gave post-obits for three- fourths of it. Then, whentheold man went under, he run a mucker on the turf, kept a lot of screws and backed them; hunted the South Mouldshire, and mounted a small battalion of his "friends" till the burst up came. That was just twelve months after he married old Sim Soames the banker's daughter, and a nice how-de-do it was. I was only a suck ing Bub. then and hadn't quite opened my campaign, but I remember poor old Darry. By Jove, he could just plunge; but I should never have taken your young friend DarBhot for his son—takes after the mater, I expect, Go ahead. ' You seem to have the heads of the discourse plumb centre,'I went on; 'allI need tell you is that there are seven daughters, and Syd is the only son. That is the reason he iB here trying to make a fortune to redeem the old place from Abrahams, Isaacs, and Jacobs. He is a good fellow, but I don't suppose he will ever have the money that there is a bare possibility of Charlie Melton some day possessing.' •What about him? I shouldn't be surprised to hear that he is one of the NorthBhire Melton's and heir to the Marquisite of Chaaetens." 1 You have hit it in a sort of a way,' said I; 'his father is only surviving brother of the present marquis, but there are four good lives yet between Charlie and the title and property. He is the second son, but will have a few thousands a year, about three, I believe, on the death of his mother's sister, wife of the present Bishop of Stortford.' ' So Charlie's the better paHi, eh ?— well, which would make the better husband ?' said Fielding. 'Ah ! now,' I replied, 'you have-asked me a question I do not think you should expect me to answer ; and besides, I •imagine-Miss Fielding will take the con sideration of that matter .into her own hands.' 'Yes, I suppose so; bat .at any rate I need not be alarmed at her preference for either; they are about equally matched, I fancy, so far as coin goes, and with care £3,000 a year goes a long way. . Of course it won't stand town and country houses, an opera box, a battue, hunters for two packs of hounds, and champagne every day for a regiment of visitors ; but it's better than a German prince's pittance —cheap cigars, vin ordinaire, square gin, ! and a perambulator for the princelings. | Yes, I could manage to exist on £3,000 a year—that is to Bay, now I've shed my milk teeth. Here they come.' At the word the three turned the corner of the verandah, each looking self-possessed and nonchalant. There was a tacit understanding brought about in some mysterious manner—for no word of it was ever spoken amongst us— that Minnie's name should never be men tioned at our camp, and it really never was except in the ordinary course of conversa tion. "What I mean is there was never aDy discussion with reference to her, and the friendly rivalry, if there can he friendly rivalry in love affairs, between Syd and Charlie in this respect was carried on with a chivalry worthy of a Bayard or a Sir .Roger de Coverley. So matters went on. We were rather more than fairly successful, and being popular on the diggings, we were not begrudged our luck, and we generally re ceived early information of any ' rushes' likely to be worth following. The popularity of Syd Darshot and I was, however, quite eclipsed by that of Charlie Melton, whose open-handed and indeed lavish expenditure joined to his winning and plausible manner, made him the general favorite of all, from the surly •hatter' working his solitary claim, to the last new thing in 'dancing girls' imported by the enterprising caterer for the diggers' so - called pleasures. Summer gave way to autumn, and we had an unlooked for spell of wet weather. Whilst the ground was dry we did not find it neces sary to plank the Bhafts we sank to the pipeclay bottom, which was generally reached at from twelve to twenty feet from the surface. With a great increase of moisture, however, safety bade us take more precaution. We had just completed raising the last lot of washdirt from a claim we had been working for some weeks, when we heard of some adjacent holes caving in and burying a few tools and so on, which had been carelessly left down below- overnight. It was a bright, clear, crisp, Australian autumn morning, with a sun just warm enough to be pleasant; the rain had cleared off a couple of days before, and as we stood by the -side of our shaft, which was somewhat deeper than usual, as the bottom had dipped considerably where we sank—for tunately for us, for the washdirt carried good gold—there was not the slightest ap pearance of any crack or sign of the whole caving in. We had decided, however, that the props in the last drive were not worth the risk of raising, and when we had loaded our stuff into the carts for which we were waiting to transport it to the creek for cradling, we intended to say good-bye to it. We were all three cutting up tobacco to fill our pipes when Charlie Melton suddenly ejaculated, 'By jove, what an ass I am.' ' Hear, hear,' said Syd. ' Everybody knows that,' was mycontri bution. No, but I.took my belt with the rat skin pouch off down below last night whilst I hunted a pebble down the leg of my trousers, and you fellows were iu such a hurry for your grub, I forgot all about it.' ' Well,' said "I. ' let the ratskin be for the heathen Chinee, who comes after civilisation has collared the cream.' ' Oh, but I must get it up though', said Charlie ; 'I wouldn't lose it for worlds.' ' Well, you are not very likely to have any worlds to lose It for, so let the ratskin rest,' said Syd. 'Not if I know it,' was the response ; 'have it I must, so ' ' What rig up a windlass again to let you down to get a waistbelt worth half a crown ?' sneered Syd. ' I begin to think you really are—well, to put it mildly—a Jerusalem pony." ' Besides," said I, 'it is not worth the risk anyhow.' ' You don't know, you chaps, what's in it.' ' Tell us, then,' said Syd. ' No, I can't do that. It wouldn't be fair,' was the reply, and for the briefest moment the eyes of my mates met. 'Oh, well, if that's it, of course I suppose it must be got. Come along, Blank ; bear a hand, Charlie ; we'll soon rig up the windlass,' said Syd. And in a few minutes the work was done and the rope on, ready for lowering. What had kept me silent whilst doing the work, I know not, but now I came to my senses. 'Itseems to me,' said I, 'there's a pair of you, and very pretty you'd look in a coster's cart. Look here, mates, Bon Quixote is' generally looked upon as haviDg been a little bit wrong in the upper Btory, but it appears to me you are both more fitted for the padded cells than ever he was. Here come the drays, Bother the ratsHn, let's get 'em loaded and done with.' ' H m*J_ ®eera & trifle absurd to you, .Blank, old fellow, but there la something in that pouch I value highly, aud to oblige me you'll not grudge the few moments °it Tvill take to rocovox a,' ' If you put in that way,' said I, ' why Of COUWt3,' By that time the draya had arrived and with them several idlers, who lounged down to see the last of our dirt. When they grasped the Idea that the windlass been rigged to let some one down the shaft, a perfect chorus of expletive com pliments arose. ' Why any man's a dog-goned ass to go down that hole this mornin',' said an old stager. • w^at k0 says himself,' put m Syd Darshot. . Yaller Bill's hole caved jest now ' said another. ' 'So did Ned Smitce3es.' 'And Jemmy Dalton's' and ' 'Arry Jones's,' came from several lips. 'Well, boys, this hole ain't goin<* to cave just because I'm going down° to fetch something up. Now then, look out, the sooner I get down the sooner I'll be up.' p 'Better let me go, Charlie,' Baid Syd. You! no, thanks, old fellow,' and another meaning look passed between them. No word more was spoken; Darshot and I took hold of the handles of the wmdlass, Charlie put his footinaloopof the rope, called out ' Ready,' and we lowered away gently. A second or two and he touched bottom, and then disappeared in the drive; three or four seconds at most and he would be back. But what made Syd and I suddenly blanch to our lips ; what made the small crowd around us suddenly step back and hold their breath? A slight sinking of the_ soil was perceptible, the shaft wa3 caving. 'Quick! for your life, Charlie, roared Darshot down the hole. another moment Charlie appeared at the bottom of the shaft with the belt and ratskimpouch in his hand. 'Right you are, Syd, old boy; haul away !' cried he as he got ready. Two more willing hands joined us, and the handles spun round a3 they had never rotated before. In a second or less he would be safe, when with a dull thud the ground gave way, he windlass sank a little, dragging us down, the handles hitting two of us heavily on the forehead, and Charlie was buried. No time was lost, the first word spoken was by the old Btager, who .first remarkedonthe absurdity of tempting Pro vidence by going down. Hold on, : boys,' said he, '.lookee here, the rope's give out and he's dropped _ to the bottom agin: the sides is jammed .about sis foot down * hes safe enough jest yet, most like, but Us a offul-ugiy job, you'd better believe. We.11 -have to he durned keerful. Mr. -Blank and Mr. Darshot, you're his mates : "Will ee let old Sam Green Iiave . the managin of this 'ere job ? Oh, you'll both be in it, of course, as you've best right to be, but praps I onderstands the hang of it a bit better nor you.' 'Right, Sam,' said I, 'but hurry up. old man. " In less .time than it takes to write, old Sam made his arrangements, giving Syd Darshot and me what he considered the posts of. danger, next to his own, which afterthought told me was the most risky, Darshot, white as a ghost and silent as the grave, with teeth set and brows con tracted, strained every nerve to clear a^ay earth, till old Sam called ont, otiddy there, Syd Darshot; yer don't want to smother 'im do 'ee ?' ' No, by Heaven !' was the cnrt reply, Well, then, stiddy, or by gorm you will, said the old man. 'Blank,'he con tinued, ' that crack on the skull has taken your nerve "away ; 'ave a rest a few minutes. 'Ere, you Red Tommy, take that shovel. I felt the truth of the old man's words, and resigned my place to another whilst I rested. Then I looked around me for the ^ first time, and saw a surging crowd of miners. The news that Charlie Melton was buried had flown like wild | fire through the diggings, and hundreds had come to help if need be to rescue the general favorite. Dancing girls were there by the score, and as I gazed the crowd parted in one spot and Fielding and his daughter came into view. I staggered to meet them, and said, ' Good God, Fielding, this is no place for your daughter; take her away at once.' ' She made me come, old chap. Who is it ? what is it ? They told U3 you were all three killed. See, Minnie,' turning to the girl, ' they are not all killed, anyway.' ' Oh! Mr. Blank, who is it ? are they both buried ?' asked Minnie. 'No, my dear Miss Fielding; Syd. Darshot is all right, but Charlie is ' Before I could complete the sentence she had swooned, and in that condition I persuaded her father to convey her to our tent. 3 he work still went on swiftly, and just as our genial Scotch doctor arrived on the scene, old Sam sang out—' Stiddy all.| Then waving his hand for silence he said, ' We're close to weer the fall's jammed, and ef we ain't keerful we'll let the lot down on 'im. Get a candle some on yer. Fetch that there spar, you chaps. Lay it right ere across the top; now, then, a rope fast to it; that's it. Now reeve it around my _ chist, now gimme that little orivin' pick. Now, Mr. Darshot, je3t you stand back a yard, and trust me you shall 'ave your turn ef yez wants it, old pal, but this ere's my perticler job.' Saying which the old man got lowered in a leaning position until he was able to reach the centre of the conical hole which had been dug under his supervision ; he then began gently but swiftly to pick away a small round hole; in a few seconds the point of his pick went through and a few lumps and pebbles dropped down. Everyone held his breath, and old Sara's anxiety was apparent in his seamed "but kindly countenance. Would the whole mass fall or no? No; it held up so far, but the .least indiscretion might cause disaster. Slowly and gently the old man widened the orifice, and when it was about large enough -to admit the passage of an arm, he put his mouth as near to it as possible and shouted, 'Below there!' No answer. 'Got a bit stunned, I 'spect," said he. ' Hold me tight, boys,' and again he commenced enlarging the hole. It was nearly .large enough to admit of a man being lowered through it, when a sudden slight commotion just behind me caused me to look around, when I saw Minnie Fielding coming swiftly to the spot, supported by -.her father. ' Save him, Mr. Blank! oh, Mr. Darshot, save him !' she cried. I looked on involuntarily at Syd, and instantly noticed the spasm which passed through his frame at the words. There was no doubt now which man she loved. 'He shall be saved, Miss Fielding, if I die In the attempt," said he. ' Now look a 'ere,' said old Sam Green, 'ef gals is in it I peeks, ef not I plays the game.' I stepped quietly to Minnie's side, and with a few words persuaded her to sit quietly down; to get her away was im possible. In a couple of minutes the hole was large enough to pass through, but the danger of the loose mass fallin« momentarily Increased. ° 'Now, boys,'said the old man, 'some on yer set on the ends o' the spar to keep er stiddy. That's 'im; now gimme the candle ; now then, lower a ' Stop,' cried Darshot, ' that's my place.' 4 "Why, you durned young fool, I'm turned sixty-five, and you ain't thirty.' ' I tell you I will'go down,' . 'Oh! if you wants to jine yer mate in kingdom come—'ere boys, haul up gently, that's -it—no time to lose, Sydney -Dar shot. Gome.-along, there .you are, take the candle; tie the rope round Charlie e£ e's Truth bringing up, and we'll send It down agin for you j now, boys, lower easy.' And Darshot slowly disappeared with his eyes turned on Minnie. Fielding, who, with outstretched arms, seemed mutely pleading him to save the man she loved. In about a minute old Sam Green called out, ' He's tied him, boys; haul up gently. Bring them two planks, you fellers; now, when he comes through, put em under 'im; 'ere he comes. Take that gal away, will 'yer,' he cried, and then under his breath I heard him say, 'Dead as nits, I believe.' Poor Charlie was now speedily brought to the surface, and Minnie, breaking away from her father, threw herself upon his inanimate form. Again she fainted, and her instant removal was ordered by the doctor. ' Now, boys, quick ! up with the other ! the rope's on him. Haul away—by thunder its goin'. Haulaway, I tell yer— there it goes—why didn't the darned young fool let me go V Even as he spoke the ground gave way, and Sydney Darshot's. form was seen dangling by the rope in the cavity covered with blood and clay. ' Haul away, boys ! bring the planks— that's so—now, then, land him acrost this way—not dead, by gum, but crushed terrible, Whats that in 'is 'and?—that bloomin' ratskin pouch, as I'm a sinner— well of all the 'ere doc, 'ave a look at this ere one!' I had hurried as quickly as I could to poor Darshot's side, and caught the only gleam of intelligence in his eyes before he lapsed into unconsciousness. Grant Mac donald, the doctor, a man of exceptional fixity of purpose, had already given-in structions with reference to Charlie Mel ton, and at the old man's call came swiftly to Darshot. In half a minute he turned to me and said, 'This is a bad case, Blank, the other will kbe all right in a week, simply stunned and so on, but this I can't answer for.' Charlie I have sent np to my ' hospital,' save the mark we must take Darshot there, too. It is a rough makeshift, but it is better than a tent, and perhaps you would not mind Bending over to the 'creek' for Klein schmidt, he is a deuced clever fellow, and Syd's worth saving, if possible. It did not take long to dispatch a mes senger for the German doctor, and a melancholy procession was soon formed, accompanying the senseless forms of the two most popular men on the 'field.' Before I followed, I went up to our tent to see Minnie Fielding, and I found her so exceptionally excited that I sent for the doctor at once. His prescription was short and sharp. Turning to Fielding he said—' Take her home at once; give her twenty drops of laudanum in half a glass of sherry, and keep her quiet when .she wakes, until I come.' To describe the sufferings of the victims ■of a * whim' would be tedious. Sufficient to eay that the doctor was right. In about ten days Charlie Melton was himself again, a trifle weak and pale, but still all right. With Darshot, however, things were different. He was, indeed, terribly crushed, and it took all the care of Macdonaldand Kleinschmidt to patch him np until his constitution recovered from the shock. The first words spoken by Charlie, after a three days' syncope, were 'The pouch, Blank, the pouch.' Of course I soothed him as best I could, and explained that the pouch was safe. So it was, but still tightly clasped in the rigid hand of Syd Darshot. In two more days Charlie was thoroughly compos mentis, and when I explained how it was I could not •give him his ratskin pouch, for It was still as before, I discovered for the first time that he possessed more than an average share of selfishness. The pouch was nltimately restored to him, and he then nmply made up in tender attentions to his friend for any little apparent desire to worry tl e man who had almost sacrificed his life to save him and his amulet. Weeks passed, and Darshot still lay at the 'doc's hospital.' Minnie Fielding visited him daily, and as well as she was able soothed his agony and lightened his dreary days. Charlie and I broke fresh ground, and with our proverbial luck did well. A change was soon to come to us all. The first startling information received In our little circle was to the effect that in consequence of the almost simultaneous death of Charlie Melton's brother and cousin his father was heir presumptive to the Marquisate of Chasetens. Charlie's letters, of course, urged him to return to England at once; but for a time he lingered, ostensibly on Darshot's account, although I had my own opinion of his motives for staying. Although Minnie Fielding had shown her hand to me, to her father and to Syd Darshot, Charlie was yet in ignorance of the real state of her heart. The next surprise was that Darshot's maternal grandfather had relented towards his daughter for marrying a spendthrift, that the mortgages were paid off, five of the sisters engaged, and a hue of roses pervading Sir Warren Darshot's declining years. Syd, was therefore urged to re turn home. This was, of course, im fcoB&Jble; as yet. Then came my turn, Exile no longer necessary; but my concerns do not concern you, indiscrimi nate reader. A few more week* and Syd Darshot was convalescent; then eai£e pore news, but that was of a private naiiire so far as the outside public were conceded* Frank Fielding received the route if he choBe to take it. Two lives fell in, and to hiB astonishment he found himself heir to about £15,000 a year. He was already a baronet, as he had previously told me, being in reality Sir Pincent Motton. ' Don't say a word yet, though, Blank. Let us see how Minnie means to serve -Charlie and Syd.' If he could have foreseen—ah, me! Winter and spring had passed, and the •early summer was upon us before Syd Darshot was able to get about, the ghost of his former self. Attentive to him always, at last Charlie said he thought he might leave him to my care, as his father's commands to return to the old country became more importunate in each succeeding letter. So it was arranged, and a day was fixed for his departure from the gully. I pass over the carouse overnight at the Excelsior and the fare well, excepting to mention that the part ing between Minnie Fielding and Charlie was not so pathetic as I expected; certainly they might have piled up the agony in private, but in public the part ing was prosaic in the extreme. Fielding wasp much surprised as I, and when Charlie disappeared round the corner on the box seat of Cobb's royal mail, he said ' Women 'are studies, ain't they, Blank 1 Minnie is not going to be come Marchioness of Chasetens.' Nor did she. It was on a Tuesday afternoon Charlie Melton left, as we supposed, Granite •Gully. The night set in close and oppres sive. 'Have rain before long,' was the fiat, and in the morning down it came a regular soaker, with lots of thunder and lightning. As it was well known that such weather was apt to raise the creeks and rivers suddenly, the driver of the Wednesday coach interviewed the post master, who agreed to have the mails ready an hour before the usual time, so that Myall Creek and the Conaline might be crossed before the flood came down. Just as the coach started the rain ceased, and as shejjdashed by the Excelsior, we— that is Fielding, Darshot, and I, who were sitting sn jking on the primitive verandah of the hotel—noticed without much sur prise that there was but one passenger, but we were somewhat astonished that that one was a woman, carefully veiled and wrapped up. ' One of the dancing girls from the Boyal, I suppose,' said Fielding. 'I don't envy her the journey, anyhow.' The evening was fast closing in, and Fielding had just said, ' Wonder where Minnie is,' when the ostler of the Myall Arm* galloped up to the dor^ , vram out dismounting he,. "Mr. Fielding, there's bad > the boss said I'd better come over, the coach is washed away, and there's no sign of anybody being saved.' 1 That's a bad look out, Tom, but what can I do ? Why send to me ? the postmaster is the best person to go to.' ' Well, the boss thought being as how Miss Fielding and Mr. Melton was aboard you might feel interested.' •Are you drunk, Tom', or gammoning?' ' Neither one nor the other, sir.' ' Why, Mr. Melton went by yesterday's coach, and my daughter is in her room or somewhere in the house.' ' 'Scuse me, Mr. Fielding; certainly Mr. Melton left here yesterday, but he stayed at our place last night, and your daughter came by to-day's coach.' ' Impossible!' 'No, it ain't, sir. She had a biscuit and a glass of sherry, and when I handed her her travelling bag, which she dropped, she said, " Good bye, Tom ; is the river up think you t" "About half a banker, I expect, miss," I says, and with that Lame Bradley sings out, "All aboard!" which there was only two and himself, and off they was, poor devils, begging pardon for saying bo.' For a moment we stood paralysed, and then Fielding rushed into the house, followed by Darshot, and there no trace was to be found of Minnie ; she was not in the house. A trap was ordered round at once, and we were soon speeding towards Myall Creek, for Darshot, although still very weak, persisted in accompanying us. The landlord at the Myall Arms corroborated the statement of his ostler. Melton had stayed there overnight ; Miss Fielding had joined him that afternoon. A commercial traveller then present, who had at imminent risk succeeded in swim ming the Con aline on his way to the diggings, had seen the coach swept away, and he thought it was utterly impossible for any of the passengers to be saved; a party had started for the river at once, but had not yet returned. That was the news which greeted us. It was now nearly 9 o'clock, and a drizzling rain had set in; the night was intensely dark, and after a consultation we decided to await the return of those who had gone to the river. Syd Darshot was for going on at once, but the excitement soon settled the matter with him, and in less than half an hour he was delirious and prostrate on his back. Fortunately MacDonald was in the township, and he at once took charge of him. At about half-past 10 o'clock the search party returned. They had seen no sign of the coach, horseB, driver, nor passengers; they thought the case hopeless. Any way nothing could be done until morning. Sleep for Field ing and me was of course impossible, and with the worthy doc. we spent the night in a hopeless sort of vigil. Our prepara tions were all made, and at the first streak of daylight we started for the river with such appliances as we thought might be useful, supposing there was anybody alive to be saved. The day had fairly dawned when we reached the crossing-place. The flood had considerably lowered during the night, as we could see by the mark of the debris brought down by the floodwaters, and whilst we were debating as to the best course to pursue we were startled by a shout from the opposite bank. From where we stood, however, we could see no one, but Fielding and I simultaneously mounted a couple of saddle horses we had brought and plunged into the stream; ] our mounts had not to swim more than three lengths when they again touched bottom, and we were Boon on the other bank. Another cry came from a Bpot about fifty yards down the river, and hastening to it we found the mail driver, Lame Bradley, lying on the ground, shivering with cold and nearly exhausted. ' Yes, he'd been a fool to try it, but Charlie Melton said it must be done, and MisBle she said she was game, so what could he do but go at it, and then she upset, and down they went. Well, he had some recollection of a crack on the head and a struggle, but he knew nothing till he came to himsolf in the dark and found himself jammed in the fork of an old log ; he managed to crawl out of the water to where we found him, and that was all he knew. Yes, they were inside the coach. Saved 1 Not likely.' Bradley was cared for, and then we started down the river to search for the coach. This we found, about half a mile below the crossing - place, caught by a huge snag, with both horses still attached, but stone dead. Of Charlie and Minnie we saw no trace. For days the search was continued, but fruitlessly, and at last we had to make up our minds that they were dead, and gone from us for ever. It was some time before we were able to move Darshot to the Gully, and that being accomplished, we spent the first night of our return at the Excelsior. We had all been singularly reticent about the matter excepting the necessary consulta tions whilst searching for the bodies, but this night we three talked as men situated a3 we were could only talk. It was a miser able night for all of us. Frank Fielding (for so I shall call him for the present) was a changed man—not so much out wardly, but within he carried a burning desire to be quenched only by revenge. Poor Syd seemed utterly crushed, and I confess to having been completely un manned for the time being. I am afraid we all three made an unholy vow that night, a vow' which was well kept by all of us, though not perhaps in the way which we foreshadowed, an<I reyenge on those who were- relatives of the culprit would have been poor satisfaction. Time passed, Fielding sold the Excelsior, Darshot Blowly gained strength ; upon his re covery we all meant to leave Granite Gully for ever. One evening we were sitting outside a weatherboard hut we had had run up, when tire very old shep herd BIoobb, who discovered the gold field, and who was well known to us, loafed up to us, and touching his hat said, ' Evenin', gents. Mr. Fielding, sir, I've heerd jest about the rummest go I ever heerd.' 1 What's that ?' Baid Fielding. 'Well, there's a Bhepherd's hut stand ing about four mile down the river from the crossing, and about half a mile back, belongin' to my boss. Well, there's been a 'ighlander and his old woman a llvin' there for munts, and they ain't got no English as they says; but mind yer, they 'as if they likes.' 'Go on, old man,' said Fielding. 'Well, I was down there last week a changin' flocks, and while I was a settin' drinkin' a pannikin o' tea in the hut I sees a fotygraph of your Miss Minnie 'angin' to the walk "Ullo," I sea, "missis, warhever did you git that picter 2" '' That is," she ses, " the picter of a yunklatie which was nearly trown in the rifer." " What,"I ses, " warn't she drowned ?" " No ; she vas not trowned. She vas prort here one morning by a pritty yunk man with pine eyes and plenty of money, ant they cot tried and warmed, and next tay they vent away with a chew hawker vich pass by." So, I says to myself, why, Mr. Fielding will stand a bottle for that information, and here I am, boss.' To say that this news was astounding to us is to put it mildly. It was not long before we interviewed the old High land couple, and saw Minnie's photograph. The information obtained from that was, although reassuring to a certain extent, not so socially satisfactory as it might have been. Charlie and Minnie were alive, that was something. Again, I am afraid, revenge was uppermost in our minds. The knowledge of Minnie having been saved had a surprising effect upon Dar shot, and in a couple more months he was fit to. travel. Prior, however, to leaving the gully we saw several return-diggers, who had seen Melton and Minnie in Sydney. Thither then we went some six months after the catastrophe. .From Sydney, after some weeks' trouble, we traced them to Melbourne, and from thence we found they had sailed for England. That being ascertained, we saw what was to be seen in the queen city, and then followed on their tracks. 