The Merchant's Story. All my life I have been a lonely man having no kit nor kin nearer than a cousin,' and making but few friends around me in the world. There was but one human beine for whom I eared mnre than for myself, and that was Robert Strafford. Therefore, . When he, with his young wife, died of yellow fever m Memphis, and left their only child, a boy of teu, homeless, with the dying prayer that I would take him to my care I accepted the trust thankfully, and took the orphan child, clothed with the memory and the likeness of his dead father, to mv desolate home. "Henry Strafford and myself lived to gether as father and son. Years strengthened the mutual affection, and brought Henrv to manhood—myself to the ai>e of forty a silent aud—except to him—morose man I was wealthy by that time ; my business had been my only care, and had prospered aceordmgly, I was looked upon by virtue I of my wealth as a prominent man. j "One day I was calleii upon by the ' cashier of the bank to which I was a director. I lie told mo that his Recounts were in a fearful condition; he had used the bank i money to speculate with, and ill success had involved him to a large extent. Convinced that hp had been unfortunate rather than intentionally fraudulent, I made the deficit good myself He was grateful-l thought at first troublesomely grateful. He insisted that I should meet his iamily—the family as he expressed it, that 1 had saved Irom absolute ruio. "Talford, the cashier, was a man of social prominence, so, more for the sake of my adopted son—for I called him that, although he had never taken my name—than for myself, I accepted the invitation, and met his daughter. May Talford 1 How the name still seems music to my ear I And so it should seem, for I loved ber. "I-called again and again at Talford's house, until I began to think that May loved me but little less than I loved her She received every advance kindly, she spoke to me always with regard. Neither did I aunt that Henry went quite as often as I to see 'Miss Talford,' ss lie always called on her in my presence. > "J^h.ea 1 asked Talford for his daughter's hand his delight would scarcely > allow him to give me an intelligible answer; and when, fortified with that > answer, I went to May for hew, and received, as I remem bered, when it was > too late, a cool but ready ^ent, I thought I was the happiest man "The next day I went to town, and while ostensibly on bnsiness, spent the whole day at the jeweller's. I bought a ring and had engraved upon the inside my emtials and hers. With this accomplished, 1 returned home immediately. When I reached there it was late at night. I had to pass by Talford's, and my heart beat high with exultation sb I neared the home of my future bride, I took the ring from mv pocket and stopped under the street-lamp was B«fely in its case. I was childish in my love; men at that age often are. "While standing under the lamp just across the street from Talford's, the front door of his house was thrown open, I raised my eyes, and there was May herself, bhe was showing a caller down the steps, and triumphantly I stood and watched him linger aBif loth to leave, I felt a kind of condescending pity for the poor fellow, sup posing that he was some old lover. " 'W^t 1 not gone yet? Still standing there? Poor fellow 1' I thought. Then I felt my heart leap wildly and stand still— the blood freezing in my veins. I saw May ialford in another man's arms !—saw him rain kisB after kiss upon her upturned face, .« „ n 1 could Bee that she had fainted. He bore her gently into the house, and then came out. As the door opened 1 saw bis face; it was white as marble, and it was ■ the face of Henry Strafford. "He passed on down tile street, and I stood there in the pouring rain, stunned and almost bereft of my senses. Presently the stunned sensation left me, and then my blood leaped fiercely to my heart, my passion turned to a wild desire for revenge, and I started almost at a run down the street in the direction that Henry had taken. Every feeling of love that I had entertained for him only made me hate him more. " I tore into the place 1 had called home and went directly to his room. I found him sitting at his table, with his head buried between bis hands. He arose to meet me but, seeing the look upon my face, stopped short. I raved at him ; I raised my hand to strike him ; but his white, calm face daunted me ; he spoke no word. I raved on. Then little by little he learned the truth and when, exhausted, I stopped for breath, he advanced one step toward me, and, almost Without opening his mouth, said : j. "' Your eyes did not deceive you : it was ''Glaring at him, I stood before the ap pealing face, crushing compassion down in my anger, and pointing with my finger to the door, cried : "'Go!' r " He quivered from head to foot. Slowly he moved back stephy step, and I followed him i the mute appeal in his eyes was use less ; on, on, until he reached the door: then, turning mechanically to undo the fastening, he went out into the night with out another look, out into the pitiless rain, and I was cold as stone. " I witched him walk slowly off into the aarkneSB, and when the gloom enveloped bun I fainted. ' "When I came to my senses the rain had ceased, and the stars were shining calmly. A distant church clock began to strike the hour, and I counted the strokes—one two three. ' ' "All night long I sat in my chamber. I leltaa if a hot iron bad seared my heart and brain. The grey morning broke and found me sitting there. The sun rose and danced upon my nerveless fingers, but I moved them not. To have looked at me, one would have thought that I was dead. "At last I staggered to my feet,, and passing out into the now busy atroet, walked roeohamcally, without the exercise of any reasoning faculty, toward the residence of Talford. I asked for May, and was shown into the parlor. I w&s; so unobservant of • sound or Bight that I did not know Bhe was ' in the room until, touching me on the arm, she asked me in a strange, cold voice what the matter was. I started at the sight of her face ; it was haggard as that of a ghost. ; May,'1 managed to aay, 'lastnight ' But she stopped me. "' Last night, Mr. Hardin 1 You need not tell me ; 1 know all.' " ' You I' "'Yes,' she answered j 'I; May Talford, know it all. And listen to mo, John Hardin.' Her eyes gleamed wildly, and I who had come to speak remained to hear. • Listen to me, John Hardin 1' she repeated. '1 love Henry Strafford—he loves me.' Even at that I did not move. She continued : Lftflt: night, he oqoig to bid me farewell for ever ' ** * For over V" •" Wait? Yes, for ever 1 lie could not help loving me, nor I him ; but we could do «ur duty, and if you had not been passing last night, that farewell would have sealed the marriage tie of John Hardin to May Talford. That is all. As you told him last Dight I tell you now—go I We owe you much, and if the debt has not been paid you have yourself to blame. Once more, my last word to you is—go.' " She came toward me with a wild gleam in her face, and before her, slowly retreat ing, I passed out of the door. I hare never seen her since. "I knew then how much these two had intended sacrificing for me. I felt how I had repaid their devotion; and sadly, with bowed head, unhoedful of the crowd, I went to my lonely home, more lonely now than ever. " Since that day my remorse has driven me from one place to another in the search for Henry Strafford. Vain search 1 I have never seen nor heard of him since that night when I watched him pass away, laden with my curse, pass away for ever from ray sight with that appealing look upon his face. A bitter, bitter world is this, when remorseful memories haunt the chambers of the heart." 