BURIED ALIVE. Of all the horrible and appalling calami ties that can befell foortal man, we "can im agine none more ghastly than' that oi being buried alive, and well authenticated records have placed beyond a doubt'that it has occa sionally happened. The case of the lady whose ring, cut from her fingers by midnight violators of her tomb, was the means of sav ing her from a dreadful fate, has been often told. Her son, the eminent Dr. L , born j many years after his mother had been buried, was the physician and friend of the family of | the writer, one of whose earliest recollections is tlie hearing the story from the lips of an aged relative, while forming one of a group of small listeners gathered around and hang ing with 'bated breath on the narration. Children love to have the same stories told over and over again in the same words. They like to know what is coming—to watch with thrills of expectation for every detail. And these details, graphically given by one who had them from the very actors in the scene, wera weird and vivid. The vault at mid ■' night—the cutting off of the finger—the ghastly terrors of the ruffians, when the dead woman sat up in her cofiin and blood began to flow—the familiar knock coming to the house-door in the dead of night, heard by terrified maids, who, thinking their mistress's ghost was there, buried their faces, tremb ling, in their pillows. The bereaved husband, lying sleepless in his grief, heard it too, and started at the sound. "If my dear wife were not gone," he thought, " I should say that was her knock ;" and when, more faintly, it again smote his ear, rising at last and go ing to the door, he was confronted by the resuscitated woman. All this was listened to with an interest intensified by the fact of its being true. A similar coincidence respecting this event is that an exactly similar story is recorded in the annals of the family of the Earls of Mount-Edgcumbe. Iu them we read that the mother of Richard Edgcumbe, created first Baron in 1742, being at the time young and childless, died, .apparently, at their seat, Cothele, near Plymouth. She was buried with a valuable ring on her finger: and the cutting this off by violators of the tomb, as in the case of Mrs. L , restored her to consciousness. Five years afterwards, she gave birth to a son. In the year 1838, a remarkable instance of burying alive occurred at Cambray, in France. M. Marbois, a farmer residing at Sisoy, in that neighborhood, had reared a large family, and acquired, by his industry and good conduct, wealth and consideration, so that he was chosen principal churchwar den of his parish, and appointed deputy mayor. He had lived in harmony with his family, until the subject of a marriage his eldest son wished to contract became the cause of a quarrel, and brought on fierce dis putes between him and his children. Mar bois was a man of violent passions ; opposi tion made him frantic ; and on one occasion, when the dispute ran higher than usual, he became so infuriated that he rose up and pronounced a fearful malediction upon his family. No sooner had the words passed his lips than his whole frame suddenly col lapsed ; his face grew livid, his eyes fixed, liis limbs stiffened, and he fell to the ground. Medical aid was called in ; but all pulsation had ceased. Soon the body became cold, and his death was decidedly pronounced — the cause, a stoppage of the heart's action, pro duced by violent excitement. This occurred on the 13tli of January; and on the 16th the interment took place. There had been a severe frost, and the extreme hardness of the ground prevented the grave from being pro perly dug. It was therefore left shallow, with the intention of deepening it when the thaw should come. By the 23rd the ground became sufficiently softened, and men were set to raise the body and finish the grave. On lifting the coffin, they fancied that they heard a sigh, and on listening attentively, they found the sounds of life repeated. Breaking open the coffin, and perceiving that faint actions of pulsation aud respiration were going on to a certain extent, the men hurried off with the body to the house of the parish doctor, by whose efforts Marbois was at last restored to consciousness. When the resuscitated man was able to re call what had taken place, lie became over whelmed with contrition, regarding the fate from which he so narrowly escaped as the deserved punishment of his sin. He sent for the clergyman of Sisoy, whom he entreated to mediate with his children, expressing his anxiety to make his peace with them and to recall his malediction. The result was a re turn to mutual understanding, and the rees tablisbment of harmony in the household. The distinguished physician, Sir Henry Ma.TOhi used to describe an event which oc curred the beginning of his medical career, many j^ears before he had reached the emi nence to which he afterwards attained. He was calleJ- in by the family doctor —a country pra ctitioner—to attend upon Colonel H struck down suddenly by apoplexy. The fit was a t severe one. All efforts to save the sick man uroVed unavailing; he never rallied, and at tl>e end of a few days, to all appearance, breathed his last. On the morn ing of the funeral, the two medical atten dants deemed'it right, as a last attention, to go and take leave of the remains of their patient before the coffin was screwed down. The family doctor, a jovial, florid personage, on whom professional cares 6at lightly, had been a friend, and ofttimes boon-companion, of the deceased. A bottle of port and glasses stood on a table near the coffin. "Ah, my poor friend 1" he said, pouring out a bumper and tossing it off j " this was his favorite drink. Rare wine, too. He knew what was good, and never spared it. Many a generous glass we have had together. I'll drink another to his memory," he cried; and another, and another followed, until the wine rapidly gulped down, and at so un wonted an hour, began to tell upon the man, and make his eyes glisten and his speech grow thick. " Why should you not pledge me now for the last time ?" exclaimed the excited doctor, while he approached the corpse, and, to Sir Henry's inexpressible disgust at such revolt inglevity, pressed the glass to the pale lips. The contents went dowji the colonel's <throat! Kir Henry stood amazed; his eyes, which he was turning away from the unbecoming spectacle, were riveted on the corpse. The jovial doctor, sobered in a moment, staggered back. " Can a dead man drink he cried. " Give him more—more!" exclaimed Sir, Henry, recovering his presence of mind and Beizing the bottle. !A' tinge so slight that only a medical eye could have detected jt, began faintly to suf -fiiBe the white face. The doctor tore away the shroud and placed his hand upon the -heart. There was no movement; but they lifted the body out of the coffin and pro ceeded to adopt the measures proper for re suscitation. Meanwhile, the hearse stood at the door; the funeral guests were assembling outside— carriages arriving; while within, all was commotion and suspense—servants hurrying to and fro, fetching hot bricks, stimulants, as restoratives, in obedience to the doctors' commands; the latter plying every means skill .could devise to keep the flickering spark of life from dying out; and the startled iaraily, half paralysed, V the sudden rcvul si on, Btanding around, gathered in anxious, silent groups. Breathlessly they watched for tidings. For a long time the result seemed doubtful —doubtful whether the hearse before the door, the gaping coffin, the graveclothes lying scattered about and trampled under foot, afl the grim paraphernalia of death, hastily dis carded in the first wild moment of hope — might not yet be needed to fulfil their mournful office. But no 1 Breath, pulsation consciousness, were slowly returning. Colonel H was given back to his family and home, filling again the place that it was thought would know him no more. And not until five and twenty years had passed away after that memorable morning were his friends summoned—this time to pay him the Inst tribute. A young officer returned from China re lated, apropos of burying aliTe, the following experience. " On our passage home," he said, " we had in the transport, besides our own troops, a large draft of French soldiers. Disease soon broke out among the closely packed men, and deaths were of daily occurrence. The French dealt summarily with their dead. As soon as a poor fellow had breathed his last, he was stripped, a twenty-pound shot tied to his heels, and his body thrust through a port holfc into the sea. John Bull's prejudices re belled against such rapid proceedings. When we lost any of our comrades, they were al lowed to lie for twelve hours covered with the Union-jack, and the burial service was read over them before they were committed to.the deep. One day, a French sergeant, who had just fallen a victim to the pestilence, was brought up on deck in the sheet in which he had died, to be thrown overboard. The twenty- pound shot had been fastened to his feet and the sheet removed, when, in push im through the porthole, he was caught by a protruding hook or nail at the side, and stuck fast. A few more vigorous thrusts sent the -body further through ; and in so do ing, the flesh was torn by the hook, and blood began to flow. The attention of the bystanders was attracted to this : and, more over, they fancied that they saw about the corpse other startling symptoms. "The man's alive!" flew from mouth to mouth. In an instant, willing hands were pressing eagerly to the rescue, and before the body could touch the water it was caught and brought up on deck. The French sergeant was one of the sound est men on board the transport-ship when we landed. 