E? CHOES OF MELBOURNE. (BY THE GHOsT.) The Ministry, having ppstppnedthe in evitable until the latest possible moment, have at last set to work in'earnest, and are now holding Cabinet meetings four.times a week to prepare the. measures to be sub mitted to Parliament in June. So busily do the members of, the Government profess to be at work that not even one of their number could afford the time to attend the Eight, Hours Demonistration and. show their sympathy with "the working man." Perhaps they: realise. the faft that the aforesaid working man stands in very little need of anyone's sympathy, and that hlie is in reality, in Victoria, the master of the situation. In no other country "under the wide canopy of Heaven" could the demonstration held on Monday last be equalled. It was indeed the celebration of the triumph of labour. The, only little drawback to its entire and unqualified success was its incompleteness. A close observer might have remarked the absence of one or two classes of "labourers." The railway employes, for instance, flaunted no. silken, banner, on whicl} the legend "Eight hours', work,eight houris' recreation, eight hours' rest" was inscribed mn golden letters, nor was there a single pressman present in the all but interminable pro cession. Perhaps in the good time coming -in the sweet by-and-by--they, may take part in the pageant; but their time is not yet. , . :The Governiment still adhere to their resolution to introduce no measures likely to provoke any serious opposition, but to confine themselves strictly to legislating on matters of social import. A possible stumbling block in the shape of the educa tion question has been removed, by the report of the Commission. They have, by a'considerable majority; agreed. to uphold the.present act in its integrity, to ignore entirely "the Catholic grievance," and not to offend the democratic sentiments of the community by allowing separate schools for the "gutter children," in a country where Jack is not only as good as his mas ter, but a trifle better. The draft report, compiled by Mr. Rogers, Q.O., contained recommuendatiqns entirely at variance with those which have been adopted. But the chairman is at present away in Tasmania, more profitably engaged than he would be in defending his own opinions here, and therefore, perhaps, caring little that hIis ciase affords yet one more exemplification of the truth of the saying that avers that " the absent are always wrong." The question of assisted immigration is also to be one of the tabooed ones. "The people" have somehow or other got it into their heads that an increase in the number of inhabitants would be inimical to their interests; and although. Mr. Service, Mr. Kerferd, Mr. Levien, Mr. Gillies, and even Mr. Berry know better, the "Collingwood clement" in the Government is to be allowed to hai'e its wvay, add Mdssri. Tucker and IJangridge are to be enabled to fool theii constituents to the top of their bent, and to allow the colony to drift to leeward, or what is as bad, to remain stagnant, while its rivals are fast going ahead in the race for supremacy among the Australian pro vinces. Among the measures to be submitted to the Assembly is a Local Option Bill. Heads have been counted, and it has been found that the teetotal element is strong enough in the Lower House-despite the absence of Mr. Monro -to render it politic to introduce a bill dealing with the liquor traffic.. But publicans and the landlords of licensed houses are not dismayed at the prospects, for the measure is to contain clauses rendering it compulsory on districts that abolish hotels to afford adequate compensa tion to the proprietors, and it is whispered that 'even in this toned down form the potent, grave, and reverend seignors of the Council will not see their way clear to deal as trenchantly with the vested in terests of the bar as the Blue Ribbon Army desire. Another member of the Opposition, Mr. Graves, the late Commissioner of Customs, has addressed his constituents at Mans field.. There was nothing remarkable in the speech-there never is in any of Mr. Graves's utterances-;which was a vindica tion of the late Ministry, and of his much accused colleague, Mr. Bent. Mr. Graves hinted at'an approaching dissolution, when the Liberal party, of which he is now a member, was to be triumphant, and the coalition swept to- the winds. The wish must, however, have been father to. the thought, for the present Assembly is only a year old, and the discontented ones in the House only an insignificant minority. The Marquis of Normanby is gone, and Sir William Stawell 'reigns in his stead. The Acting-Governor is not, however, going to prove a roi faindant. By law he is entitled to draw half the gubernatorial salary, in addition to half. his pay as Chief Justice, and hlie intends to earn both "screws." In common with most sensible people, Sir William sees nothing incom patible between the two positions; and as the Supreme Court Bench is already short-handed, owing to the absence in England of Mr. Justice Williams, he does not wish to 'increase the - share of work which would, were' lie to leave the judgment seat, devolve upon his judicial brethren. The only person who is said to disapprove of the arrangement is the Attorney-General, Mr. Kerferd, whose ambition to don the ermine thus receives another check. Patience, good sir I You have so often been Attorney-General-in Ministries Liberal, in Ministries Conserva tive, and in Ministries nondescript-that some day your time will assuredly come. Console yourself meanwhile with the re flection thiat " everything' comes to him who knows how to wait." And in reference tothe Acting-Governor ship, some speculation is already being indulged in concerning the probabilities for and against a Queen's Birthday ball being held this year. The anniversary of her Majesty's natal day will come round before Sir Henry Loch reaches our shores. Will the Acting-Governor feel called upon to entertain her liege subjects in Victoria while only receiving half the salary attaching to the vice-regal dignity P This is at present an unsolved problem. And in view . of the rumour that Lord Nor manby's departure was hastened in order to enable that frugal-minded nobleman to escape the cost of the festivities, the chances are very much against any birth day celebration during the present year of grace. . The fates have certainly, so far, not been propitious to the new Railway Conm missioners. Accident follows accident with a somewhat alarming frequency: The enquiry' into the causes of the Little River smash is not yet terminated, and another serious collision has occurred, This time the locality is the Spencer- street station, within a stone's throw of. the Commis sioners'. ofice,' and so 'under their very noses. in' fact had Mr. Speight followed the rule he laid down for railway employos of working some 14 or 15 hours a day, he would himself have "been there to see." Fortunately no one appears to have been hurt, although three carriages were almost cut in two. In a few, days, perhaps, the claims for damages will begin to come in, and then the extent of thei injury suffered well be known. For it is a somewhat extraordinary fact in connection with rail= way statistics that trains to which mishaps occur always carry a large number- of pas sengers, and this, although comparatively few tickets are issued., It is actually on record that on one occasion more claims for compensattion were seht in to the depart ment than the number of travellers booked ! Mr. Speight, the Chaiiman of the, Rail way Commission, has been afforded an opportunity , of appearing in. public, and showinig the stuff of which he is made. .He has been called as a witness before the Board, charged with the duty of investiga ting the causes of the catastrophe at Little River. And, sooth to say, the great rail way gun does not come out of the ordeal with flying colours. He lays thei entire blame on the unfortunate Werribee station master, whose daughter sent the fatal telegram, and says not a single word condemning'the lax system of managing the traffic on'a single line of rails, and the departure from thi "staff," system, con nived at by the offieials,to which the mishap is realy due. And, in the midst of a com munjS5y of which thousands were at the very time celebrating the anniversary of the inauguration of eight hours as a fair day.s work. expressed the opinion that ho did not think that "from 510 in thi morning until 10'30 at night was too long for any man to be on duty." Mr. Speight further remarked, in referring to the unlucky stationmaster, that "a man wl.c would leave his station to play a church organ was capable of doing anything." Where the logic of.thise dictum comes in it is difficult to say. But +.len, Mr. Speight is not paid- 3000 per annum-guaranteed for seven years-for being logical.. His forte is supposed to be railway manage ment. The small-pox scare is at an end, and the Rome and her passengers released frbon' quarantine. Mfessieurs Bulmer and. Levis, the differing doctors at the.Sanitary.Sta tion, hlµre shakcn hainds, the secretary of th', Central eoard of Health has again taken J he niembers of the Press- who, for their sins in adversely criticising that gentleman's 'doings, had been denied alliinfors~a.tion--into his confidence, and all the bungling that took place when the infected mail steamer arrived in Port Phillips has been. condoned, or forgotten, to be again remembered when a similar set of cirenmnstances induce another jfiasco. The lunatic Bourke, or Captain Donovan, has at last been brought face to face wvithi his accusers. The police, compelled to find some perpetrator of the murder of Bleech, at Pettavel, hIaveo determined that the ?Yarra:Bend escapee is the guilty man. He has been brought .before the magi strates at Geelong, the principal evidence against him being furnished by the de tectives and the black trackers, and will be arraigned in July next, on a charge of wilful murder. The case is entirely one in which circumstantial evidence will be relied on. People behind the scenes know lhow this kind of testimony has on former occasions been" got up" by the detectives, and while the police are. buisy following up " clues," the dishonest .fraternity of Mel bourne have been pursuing their avocation almost without lot or hindrance. Bur glaries and robberies are now of daily oc currence, and the perpetrators remain, for the greater part, at large. The thieves of the. metropolis laugh at the efforts of the police quite as heartily as love ever laughed at locksmiths. Ditto the Horsham bank robbers. The "astute officer" who has charge of this case thought hlie was on thei right track, when he went to Adelaide, and discovered that some of thei larger notes, thie proceeds of the robbery, had there been exchanged for smaller ones. Unfortunately for the value of the "clue," it was found on enquiry that the notes had been changed fully a week before they were stolen. No change has taken place in the bill of fare provided at any of the theatres. De spite the unanimously adverse notices of the- Press, "Fun on the Bristol"-in a modified form-still holds its own at the Royal. The critics have not been able to write, down the dreary absurdity. The fault of allowing such utter rubbish to '"ainuse" them is thus ' entirely the public's. April 25. 