Chapter XXXIX—A Last Appear, The rain had come indeed. It began with slight showers; and then, as the night darkened, it poured down fester and faster until it became a deluge that swept away all the lingering bloom of the summer. There was no thunder, but only that steady down pour, and the air grew cooler and cooler, till at last it was icy cold. Kathleen, lying sleepless through lor-g hours, felt the chill creeping over her, as she listene d to the wet ivy leaves flapping against the window. At last she got up, shivering, and flung a fur cloak over her bed. The warmth lured her to slumber, and the con tinual drip, drip of the rain was a monoto nous lullaby. In her dreams she saw herself at Oaken hurst, pleading with her enemy; pleading, not for herself, but for the father whom she loved. Still sleeping when the light of the grey morning filled the room, she woke at last at the housemaid's knock, and found the night visions fresh in her mind. What could she do? Was there even the ghost of a chance of softening that pitiless foo? She hurried through the business of dressing, catching an occasional glimpse of the rainy sky and silvery gieams sliding across the wet leaves. How dreary the world locked with all the summer colors washed away. The chill damp air caeae blowing into her face when she uncl03sd t he casement, and sbo went downstairs cold and pale. " What a night [" said the vicar. " This is not autumn; it is winter coming suddenly upon us months before its time. I wonder how delicate people wili stand it?'' "They can't stand it,"Kathleen replied, " It will kill them, I am strong, p jpa; but I feel chilled to the very bone." " You are paler than ever," he said, looking at her with an uneasy glance. "I am cold; that's all. Papa, you are a darling; but you mustn't get into the habit of study ing my face. It's bad for us both." She spoke with her old sunny smile, and he was reassured. But the smile faded as soon as she was left alone. The vicar had shut himself into his study; it was his day for writing sermons and devot ing himself to his pen and books, and his daughter knew that she should see him no mere till luncheon time. The morning was all her own, and it was early still. She stood for a moment looking out upon the drenched garden, and then her resolution was taken. A little later she was hastening down the High-street, a waterproofed figure, utterly in different to the rain, and making straight for the cab stand. A musty old fly wa3 chosen, because she knew the driver's face, and hid vague recollections of a hard-working wife and children, and she found herself, a much shaken traveller, jolting along the road to Oakenhurst. The great house, standing amid its rain beaten Bhiubs and flowers, was as silent, in the misty morning, as if it had been under an enchanter's spell, Within all was elegant, orderly, and cold. Miss Netherdale was ushered into one of the splendid rooms to wait while her message was taken upstairs to the heiress; and outside her shabby fly looked like a blot on tho well-kept carriage drive. The servant returned quickly. Miss Del mont had had one of her bad nights, but she was awake and would see Miss Netherdale in her own room. As Kathleen followed her conductor up stairs, and through a softly- carpeted corridor, she was wondering within herself what she should say. She did not believe that Zoe's hatred was directed against the vicar; it was aimed solely at herself. Had he been the father of any other daughter, she would pro* bably have made no use of the power which had come into her hands. There was, perhaps, just the faintest shadow of a hope that she might be induced to spare the man who had been Mr. Delmont's friend. Kathleen re membered that at their last interview she had been too proud to use entreaties. For her father's sake, and only for his sake, she would use them now. Yet as she paused at the closed door she knew that she was trying her last chance, and had bat very little hope that she should succeed. The servant knocked, and Bolton's face appeared. Without a word the lady's maid Btc-pped aside to let her enter the chamber, and then went out and left her alone with Zoe. Fcr a moment, as Kathleen saw the frail girl lying on the pillows, she almost fancied herself back again in the sick-room of the school. It was so exactly the old Zoe of old days who was lying there that the heiress of Oakenhurst seemed to have vanished and the peevish little school-girl of long ago had come to fill her place. But the surroundings were not those of bygone days, In that modest bedroom at the college there had been none of these tall mirrors and ivory backed brushes and golden-topped bottles of perfume. "So you have come," said Zoe's e9ger voice and eyes. "I thought you would return; the haughty mood doesn't last it seems." " I have come, but not to ask anything for myself," replied Kathleen quietly. "For whom, then?"'demanded the heiress in her quick, imperative tone. "For my father. He is an old man, Zoe, and a clergyman. Have yon no pity for one who was your father's friend ? Ho was kind to you in the past days, and you did not hate him then." " I do not hate him now; I care nothing at all about him. But you know that his fate is in ycur own hoDds. If you keep your part of our compact I shall not fail in mine." There was a pause. A clock ticked loudly on the mantelpiece, and a gust of wind sent some withered leaves flyiDg against the window. Zoo grew impatient of the other's silence, and spoke again. " Ycu are miserable, I suppose. You have paitcd with your lover, and you want mo to let ycu have him back again. That is the real object of your visit?" "I did not come to speak of him, but only of my father." "Butycu have parted with him? I insisted on your giving him up." Zoe raised herself on her elbow, with an aDgry light in her eyes. "He will not give me up," Kathleen anEwe red. " There is only one thing that WGuld ever make him part with me. Unless I tell him that I have ceased te love him ho will be mine always," "And you dare to come and say this to my face, I tell you that if you do not banish him altogether from your light you will ruin your father's reputation. Youpretondto be an affectionate daughter—well, prove your devotion by making a sacrifice," " I am ready to prove it. But Darcy's wfll i« stronger than mine. He will not take his dismissal; he declares that this mystery shall be solved. In spite of all you can do, Zoe, he will make me biB wife. But—my father." "I will strike at you through your father. I will make you suffer through him. You shall always feel that, but for you, he might have kept his good name I" "For pity's sake, Zoe, do not say these dreadful things! For the sake of your own soul, show a little mercy. Burn that fatal letter; your father never meant to keep it: burn it, and God will give you peace." _ "I won't burn it. You are talking cant, juBt as you always did. Peace never has come to me, and never will. No, I will never burn tbat letter, and I will use it to ruin the vicar unless you choose to save him," Again there was a dash of rain and leaves against the windows; and it seemed to Kath leen that a slight rustling noise was blending with the sound of the blast. She glanced un easily towards a half, open door at the side of the room; and Zoe's guick eyes followed the direction of hers. "That door leads Into my dressing.room," Bhe said. "It is quite empty; you may look into it if you like. My servants are too well trained to listen," she added, with a scornful smile, Kathleen rose from her chair by the bed side and went to the door of the dressing room, No one was there; on a table lay some pieces of costly lace and a quaint ivory work box stood open, displaying its fittings of chased gold. Another door led from the dressing-room into the corridor, but it was fast closed. Miss Netherdale not return to her seat. She came back to the bedside and stood looking intently into Zoe's face for a moment, lam going," she said, calmly. "Zoe, I am sorry that I came. I know, now, that 5 ours is a thoroughly hardened heart; but even if you carry out your wicked threats—I shall pray with all my strength that you may be forgiven." So she went her way out of the groat house; and the shabby fly carried her home again through the wind and rain and driven leaves. Bus when she was gone Zoe was feverish and ill at case. Bolton was summoned to dress her, and found her fractious and full of complaints. The bitter, stinging wind was trying to make its way, even into the guarded rooms of Oakcnhurst, and Zoe decided to stay upstairs. From her bedchamber she moved to an eaiy chair by the dressing-room fire, and then sent for Mrs. Simpson. The little woman appeared, humble and shabby as ever, and was ordered to read aloud. Her voice was not unpleasant; and although Zioe missed Mrs, Gosse'a musical tone and refined accent, she could not find many faults with her new companion. Once MUs DelmoBt interrupted her with a suddenness that made her start and nearly drop the hook, •'Are you nervous ?" she demand, Abruptly, £io5 oh £o,!? was the meek reply, "Then why are your hands trembling?" Mrs. Simpson hesitated for a secondhand gave her patroness a scared, half- questioning look. Then she composed herself and answered in her quiet voice. " I am cot very strong, Miss Delmont, and the wind is bitterly cold to-day. Just now I was imprudent enough to staM Hear an open 1 window." j "Very imprudent indeed," said Zoe, sharply. " Your health does not belong to yourself now; it belongs to me." "I will take care ot it in future," the widow replied submissively, and took up her book I again, It was a long weary day to the heiress and her patient companion, When the book was put down the work of lace-mending was I taken np, and Zoe sat watching the widow's ! thin fingers, busy with their delicate oceupa- 1 tien. Sometimes the girl fell into an uneasy uczo, and then Mrs, Simpson ceased woykln^ and studied her face keenly. ° In her sleep Zoe started often, muttering broken syllables, indications of a brain that could never rest. Her hands kept moving perpetually, as if they were grasping some° thing that mu6t be held fast leit it should slip from their hold. Meanwhile the wind kept up a dreary accompaniment to the rain; ana the creepers, trained round the windows, smote wildly upon the panes. Mrs. Simpson, little used to luxuries, felt all the comfort of her soft easy chair near the fire, and remembered the hard cane seat which had been her accustomed support in Miss Knowle's grim parlor. And yet, as she watched the sleep ing girl and listened to her murmurs, she shook her head once or twice as if her new position did not perfectly satisfy her. So the weary day wore on, and the pale girl scarcely moved from her seat; the afternoon deepened into evening, the rain kept up it3 monotonous pl53h, and the wind changed from a roar into a moan. At half, past 8, Zoe said languidly that she was tired and would goto rest. " Bolton has one t f her headaches," she re marked in Jier peevish tone. "Most incon vtnient; they make her so stupid. I hope you don't have headache, Mrs, Simpson ?" "My head seldom aches as it did once," the companion replied. "Shall I take Bolton's place to night, Miss Delmont ?' " Yes," said Zoe, with unwonted gracious ness. "But don't let her shift all her duties upoD you. She was glad to get that lace mending off her hands," "I like mending lace," rejoined Mre. Simpson, meekly. She helped the young lady to undress, and then arranged her pillows to her entire satis faction. With eyes half closed, Zae lay watching th6 fire in silence for some minutes, and the widow thought that she would aoou fall asleep. But no; the brain was still rest less, the heart still ill at ease. "I must read it once again," she said, speaking her thoughts aloud, and suddenly opeDiDg her eyeB widely. "Mrs, Simpson, you are there, are you not ?'' "Yes," responded the little woman, P^Plly. 4 Is there anything that I can do ? "Go to iks top drawer of that wardrobe," said Zoe, pointing across the room, " and take out a bog-oak casket." Mrs. Simpson obeyed, crossing the floor with a noiseless footstep, anu brisgiug the casket swiftly to the bedside, "It doesn't contain any valuable jewels," remarked Zoe, producing a little key, sus pended by a narrow ribbon from her neck. It was given to me when I was a child, and I keep my childish trinkets in it. Bat I don't want them now; I only want a letter." . The letter lay on the top of the other things, just inside the lid, She took it out, pushed the casket carelessly away, and then looked up at the widow with a smile that was meant to be playful, and was only strange and sad. "It isn't a love-letter," she said. "It's better than all the love-letters in the world. It gives me a great power, and power is sweeter than love, isn't it?" The companion did not reply, but a very close observer might have noticed a awift, faint flush sweep across her faded face. "I don't want any love," tho girl con linuea, defiantly. " Many people say that love is an indispensable thing, but I know better; it s quite easy to live without it, I have every thing that I wish for—everything. Money and power 1" Mrs. Simpson's lips parted, then closed again. Zoe's eyes were heavy with sleep, and it would not be wise to keep her awake by prolonging the conversation. Sha would be the better for all the sleep that she could get, and she had had a great many bad nights of late. So Mrs. Simpson remained discreetly silent. She glided quietly about the room, putting Out the tapers and placing the night-lamp where its rays would not fall upon the bed. For her own part, she seemed to need no rest; Zoe had given her permission to sleep on the sofa-bed which Bolton often occupied, but she did not care to court repose. Her heart was wakeful; her brain busy with anxious thoughts; and yet the wakefulness and anxiety were perfectly hidden under her submissive manner. It was a large chamber, full of soft colors that looked rich and warm in the subdued light. Before Mrs. Simpson had finished her arrangements for the night Zoe was already sleeping the profound sleep of wearineis. She Jay with her face turned towards the fire, and her pale features dimly visible in the red glow. There was little fear of breaking a Blumber so deep and heavy; but a far lighter sleeper might have rested undisturbed by the widow's movements. Her gown never rustled, her footsteps made no sound ; ia a word, she had that gift of utter noiselessness which is, perhaps, the most valuable quality which a sick nurse can possess. The wind was still wailing out of doors, but it was the wail of a spent strength; and the rein, cold and heavy, had not ceased to fall. Mrs Simpson went softly to a low chair by the fire, and placed herselE whore she could see Zee, now lying quietly on her pillows. (To be continued.) A certain minister of the Kirk of Scotland, now deceased, had prepared with great care a series of discourses on the parable of the ten virgins, and had made use of them rather oftener than some of his brethren thought ho should. On the evening of a communion Sabbath, when assisting a brother clergvmon in tho same presbytery, he delivered ono of his series, which his friend had heard more than once. ^ When the services were over, and the two ministers were on their way to the manse, the one said to tho other, "Man, JcbD, I really thick you should gie up thaa virgins ; ye're fairly makin' auld maids o' them!" 