ENTHRONEMENT OP THE BISHOP OP SYDNEY. I Rotter's Telegrams.] Sydxey, Thursday The enthronement of the Right Rev. the Bishop of Sydney took place to-day. The weather this morning was beautiful. St. Andrew's Cathedral gates were opened at 9.30 for admission, which was by ticket only, and long before 10.30 every seat allotted for the spectators was occu pied, the arrangements being most per fect. The Cathedral was not over crowded, _ and every person was seated, those taking part in the ceremony having met at the Deanery. The following pro° | cession was formed :—The Verger ; the representatives of Dioceses to the Synod (walking two and two) from North i Queensland, Ballarat, Bathurst, Grafton | and Armidale. Goulburn, Brisbane, Berth, Newcastle, Melbourne, Adelaide, Tasmania, and Sydney ; the clergy of the Diocese of Sydney (two and two) ; (the juniors preceding) ; the minor canon of the cathedral; the precentor and lay members of the cathedral chapter; the canons of the cathedral; the bishops of the province of New South "Wales (two and two); the bishops of dioceses in Australia and Tasmania ; the Archdeacon of Cumberland; the Dean of Sydney ; the bishop, followed by his chaplains and the officials ; the secretary of the diocese of Sydney. The procession entered the cathedral Jby the south-west door, the choir singing the hymn, "The Church has one Foundation," and then proceeded up the nave towards the holy table, Bishop Barry taking his seat at the east end of the Sacrarium. The bishops of Melbourne, Brisbane, Newcastle, Bath urst, Tasmania and Perth, were on the right side of the communion table, and the bishops of Ballarat, Goulburn, Ade laide, Queensland, and Grafton on the left. The bishop's chaplain sat under the throne, Dean Cowper being in his usual chair. The representatives of dioceses of Australia and Tasmania sat in the nave, the clergy in seats reserved for them at the east end of the choir. A voluntary followed, Mr Alontaguc Younger, the cathedral organist playing the "Halle lujah Chorus." Morning prayer then followed in G. Psalms lrai and lrii, from the cathedral psalter and the chants then - followed. The first lesson was taken from Isaiah Ixsi, being read by Canon King, after which the Dean and Archdeacon conducted Bishop Barry to his throne, the Bishop handing to the Dean the Notorial Act of his consecration, which was afterwards read by the official secretary, the Dean at the conclusion placing in the Bishop's hand the pastoral stall" of the late bishop, and addressed him as follows :—" In the name of God, amen. I, William Ma quarie Cowper, Master of Arts, Vicar General of the diocese of Sydney and Dean of the Cathedral-church of St. Andrew in the city of Sydney and Arch deacon of the said city and suburbs, do hereby induct, instal, and enthrone thee, Alfred Barry, Doctor in Divinity, having been duly elected to be Bishop of the dio cese of Sydney, and having been lately consecrated Bishop into possession of this church with all its rights, honors, and appurtenances, and may the Lord pre serve thy going out and thy coming in from this time forth for evermore. Amen." The Dean and Archdeacon having re turned to their places, morning prayer was proceeded with, the Te Deum from Smart in D being beautifully sung. The second lesson from St. John, -r-ri from the loth verse, was read by Canon Gun ther. The Jubilate was sung from Smart in F. At the Creed all the bishops with one exception turned towards the east. It was also noticeable that several of the clergy failed to take this position. The Anthem (Gounod's), " Send out thy Light," was then rendered most efficiently by the choir, the boys being greatly as sisted by several ladies. Then followed the special suffrages and prayes, in which the following was introduced :— " Oh, Lord, save Thy servant our Bishop, who putteth his trust in Thee. Send him help from Thy Holy Place, and evermore mightily defend him. Let the enemy have no anvantage against him, nor the wicked approach to hurt him. Be unto him a strong tower from the face of the enemy. Oh Lord, hear our prayer, and ^ let our cry come unto Thee. Almighty God, the giver of all good things, who by the Holy Spirit hast ap pointed diyera orders of ministry in thy Church, mercifully behold this thy ser vant, Alfred Barry, who is now admitted to the oilice and dignity of Bishop of this diocese, and therewith the Metropolitan of the province of New Sonth Wales, and Primate of the dioceses of Australia and Tasmania, and so replenish him with the truth of Thy doctrine, and endue him with innocency of life, that, both by word and deed, he may faithfully Berve Thee in these offices to the glory of Thy name and the edifying and well-governing of Thy church. Grant, we beseech Thee, that he may long live happily to rule this church, and that, having worthily fulfilled his course, at the latter day he may receive the Crown of Righteousness laid up by the Lord, the Righteous Judge, who liveth and reigneth one God, with the Father and the Holy Ghost, world without end. Amen." At the close of the morning prayer, the Bishops of the Province of New South Wales proceeded to the Bishop's throne, and the Bishop of Goulbnrn, as Senior Bishop, presented the Bishop of of Sydney with an address recognising him as Metropolitan of the Pro vince of New South Wales. Bishop Barry returned thanks, and then the other bishops of the various dioceses in Australia and Tasmania then joined the Bishops of the province, and the Bishop of Brisbane, as senior Bishop, addressed the Bishop of Sydney, recognising him 'as Primate of the dioceses in Australia and Tasmania. Bishop Barry, in reply, said—" In the same spirit I accept this larger address of welcome, and I pray God that the office to which I am now received may, under God's help, be the means of knitting to gether in closer unity all the dioceses of the clergy in this great country on one foundation beside which none other can be laid, even the Lord Jesus Christ." The hymn "Vent Creator, or "Come, Holy. Ghost, our hearts inspire," having been sung in unison, all the Bishops returned to the sacrarium, and the ante-commuion service was proceeded with, the Bishop of Sydney reading the Command ments ; the responses, Bliss in F, being sung by the choir. The Epistle was read by the bishop of Brisbane, and Gospel by the Bishop of Goulburn. Then followed the offertory, the prayer for the Church Militant being said by Bishop Barry, after which a soft voluntary was played during the retirement of the non-communicants. At the conclusion of the service, the procession returned in reverse order to that in which it en tered, the Bishop of Sydney taking pre cedence of all the other Bishops. Sir George Strahan, Governor of Tasmania, Commodore Erskine, Sir Henry Wrens fordley and a large number of distin guished visitors were present. The whole of the proceedings were most impressive. (By Electric Telegram.) After the enthronement, Bishop Barry was entertained at a luncheon in- the masonic hall., A large number of bishops, clergy, and citizens, were present, and Sir Alfred Stephens, Acting-Governor, in the chair. Various toasts, appropriate to the occasion, were proposed. The offer tory at the cathedral this morning amounted to £220. 