PUBLISHED DAILY. TmmSDJLY EVENING. JUNE 26,1SU EXCEPT in-after- dinner gushings, Mr. LISSNEII, tie junior member for the given no explanation to Lis constituents o£ bis conduct 111 Fax-! liament- He declared at the banquets J»iven herelately that lie was an Inde iVi'-' in-'- . pendent member and enjoyed the confi-' dence of both sides of the House, and for- choice took the side of the weaker |j£rty\ for: arstert. Those pleasantries' 'were received with applause but Mr. * JiissiffeE Cannot ticcept the boosy ap plause of a social gathering as sober. ^Approval- of "a "facing-botli-ways: policy. It is very evident,to any one, who watched the debates and read the division lists that Mr. Lissjtes joined ' the M'ILWHAITII party from the start, voted with them in every division on > #he Kanaka and Chinese Bills, and . against his declared pledges and pro mises at the general election. He iden |ified himself. with the M'Ilweaith party in every "way, sat with them in . .the House and was a recognised follower ?of THOMAS MIxweaith:. If he was the Independent member he professed himself why did lie not take his seat on ihe iross bfenches? That is where Inde ijendent members sit. "We admit that Mr. Ijisskek has been attentive to the -wishes of his constituents and worded ihe departments' to grant the few re quests Made to. , them by Charterg Towers. Those duties, though a very important part of the work o£ a repre sentative, are scarcely worth notice when questions affecting the well being of the yphole colony are at stake, and when the tote of. a member may injure not ;<?nly = the interests of his own constituents, but those of all his" fellow colonists. Should he, sacrifice the interests of the colony to party considerations ; should he vote irith M'ILWRAITH against, possibly, liis owji convictions 'and, certainly, against the declared wishes of the great body of the i&ennedy; electors ? A crisis is now approaching... when he must abandon puerilities and after-dinner buffooneries » when lije muEt stand with the fiiends of the .con^y ,or with its, enemies. How is he going to vote on the Land Bill 1 fie sa^s he b&s; read GEOKGE'S book; does he accept Its fundamental principle that thejState shonld be sole landlord 1 The Land Bill eiribodies tliat pi ipciple ; will hesupport or- <p^pose4t ? .That is a question we think lie should answer to his constituents before he goes to Bris bane. It is not a question of Griffith or MIIiWBAPTH, but a qnestion of prin ciple. Will he support this Bill which leases the waste lands of the colony to? pastoral and agricultural settlers on liberal terms, and which is the best measure ever proposed to settle an indus trious population in the colony? The leading principles of the Bill are-before the country, ani Mr. LISSNEE cannot plead ignorance of them, or that he is asked to vote in the dark. Let him declare that he will not make this Bill a psrtf question, but consider it on its: merits and give his vote accordingly. We have as little admiration as he has far j the lawyer element in theMinistiy,and do not expect a perfect Land Bill while, that element predominates in the Minis try. It is quite possible that the Minis try may go out on this Bill, and Mr. LISSNEH will make a serious mistake if he takes sides now against its main principles. For those principles are destined to triumph in Queensland; the people now understand the incalculable advantages which those principles, if em bodied in legislation, are sure to bestow on all the industrial classes in Queens land, especially the working classes. And no member who, foi mere party purposes, sets himself against the prin ciples of the Land Bill to be introduced by Mr. DPTTOS, has the ghost of a chance of being ever again retained for a mining constituency. Politics is not " all beer and skittle"," as Mr. LISSKEB would sometimes wish his he*rers to believe ; bat a life and death straggle for what man prizes most, for room for ex pansion of all his facilities, for a reward for his industry and labor. The lands of this colohy have been, in great part, seized upon by land sharks and duminieis Tfae M'ILWBAITH party desired to consum" mate the iniquity by handing orer eleven million acres to a foreign syndicate. The present Land Bill seeks to establish a reform which will give every man in the colony, who desires it and has the means*, the opportunity of taking a farm of from : 2,000 to 20,000 acres at a email rental and on a perpetual lease. Will Mr. LISSNEB vote against such H Bill ? The electors are entitled to hear his views on this great question, and we invite him to call them together iu the School of Arts next week and declare whether he will! stand by the Land Bill and the people j or with M'ILWRAITH and against the : people. WE beg to acknowledge receipt of the Annual Report of the Department of Mines, New South Wales, from which, we may lay some extracts shortly before our readers. It is a bulky volume, demy-quarto, of 220 pages, with colored maps of the gold and tin fields of the colony. The corporation will have to pay over £100 for the reception of the Governor. This is the price of the Governor's visit to this town, and people will ask was tucgaxne worth the candle. We think it a shame that the town should be compelled to pay this money. Nobody asked the Governor to visit as, noboby cared whether he came or not, and we fail to see the good taste or propriety of the Premier in letting the Governor "go on the loose" throngh the cclony devouring the substau^. < .the people. The Municipal Council cannot be blamed for incurring this expense, they had. greatness thrust upon them and had to turn out a decent show for the Governor. We trust that the Premier will put on the estimates for gubernatorial jollification d junketings in the country an endowment, £1 for £1, of Municipal or Divisional Board funds spent for this purpose. How much better n-ight this money hare been spent in improving some o? our back streets; they will last but Governors wont. WE have received sever&l; complaints from subscribers on tbe line that they do not re cede their papers regular^. Tbe guard of the tram gets a paper free and we axe at a loss to account for the non-delivery of the papers by him. We know things are done loosely on this line. We have seen a parcel of Towns ville Bulletin lying loose in the train open to all hands. Perhaps Mr. Gerhmann and Mr. Brand would make inquiry into this matter. Remonstrance with the departments in Brig ban ee appears to produce nothing but long winded letters. Here is a specimen :-" Post and Telegraph Department, Brisbane, I9th 1 June, 18S4,-Sir,-In reply to your complaint of the 10th instant, that a telegram addressed to yon, which was handed in at the Brisbane Office between 9 and 10 a.m. on the 9th idem, was not received until 9.39 p.m. on the same day, although, as an operator informed you, there was no interruption on the lines lietwees Charters Towers and Brisbane on the date mentioned. I am to inform you that the principal delay in connection with the trans mission of the message nnder notice was caused by an interruption on the line between Bowen and Bockhampton, and it was farther delayed by the amount of business which had accumulated and which had to be sent to Bowen when the line came right. The infor mation you obtained with regard to the state of the line was therefore incorrect. The manager shculd always be applied to for re liable information in such cases.-I have the honor to be, Sir. your obedient servant, John i MAcDoxNfcLL, Under Secretary.-Yon will be good euough to inform me of the name of the operator who gave you the information men tioned/' We are not "on." Let the depart ment rectify itself ai:d its officers. The csfcnse " below Bowenisial ways available. liBimm. Obgajt was brought before the .p.m. yesterday on a chaxge of larceny, and remanded for a week. ".vcfi>. Thb following are the correct refcuriiBof the last crashing from the Ko. 6 IT:E. QoeenG-.M. Co.:-300 tons 617 ozs retorted gold; emelted, 608 OZB 1 dwte 12gi& A wprjtwnm Hereford boll, 4 years old, was landed yesterday out of the steamer "Qniraing" from Sydney. This animal, which hae a first class pedigree, is the property of Means. Bearap and Craven-Bulletin. Lt the Warden's Court the applications of J. Boss and W. Baken,forhomesteadfl near Bell's Creek, on the Northern Bail way, war® refused tin the grounds that they were on the siteof a township on BeU'e Creek. Shears and another got a month's exemption for the Ijady Maria, Nos, l and 2 South, for the purpose of forming it into a company. The Worcester and Victory Q-.M. CJa. got a month's partial exemp | tion, 8 instead of 9 men. iiTEBthe healing of "the case against Gock field in the Small Debts Conrt some of the parties created a scene in conrt arguing with | each other. Cockfield was removed to the* lockup. Mrs. Cockfield then came to the rail ing and complained of ihe police locking her husband up, she was ordered ont of tixe court | and told if sheagain disturbed theproceedings [ she would be also locked np. 