LOCAL NEWS. On Thursday next, Professor and Mrs. Clara Baldwin, who created such a sensation in Sydney aud Melbourne some live years ago, will appear at the Town Hall in their marvellous entertainment in thought reading and exposing spirit ualism. Professor Baldwin comes now from India and China, and in the towns north of here has been greeted with crowded houses. ThelownsvuleJiul/ctiii, speaking of the Baldwins, says:— With- [ out a doubt, Professor Baldwin's enter tainment is not only lar and away the best of its kind that has ever shown in North Queensland, but also one of the most mysterious exhibitions that we have ever seen. Notwithstauduig the Pro fessor's ridicule of spirit manifestations, Mrs. Baldwin's ghost exhibition at the conclusion of the entertainment was enough to startle anyone. Mrs. Baldwin's clairvoyance was, foi ourselves, the most interesting, and, indeed^ in its results the most startling portion ot the x-erforinance. A number of the audience wrote questions on slips of paper, which they retained in their possession, without divulging their contents to anyone. The Professor placed Mrs. Baldwin in a mesmeric trance, and she gave answers to these questions, the words ol which she re peated . correctly. She first described a law court, aud then said that the law ease asked about would be successful, though there would be delay at first. This was good news for Mr. Sefton, who had written on his paper ' How will my law ease go ?' Next Mi's Baldwin de scribed a castle, and in a terror-stj'icken tone of voice, said that some men were trying to blow it up. She said it was Balmoral Castle, that the attempt would be made on the 16th of next December, and that none of the Royal family would be injured, though some of the servants would be. She said the question was, ' What will be the next sensation ?' and this was acknowledged as correct by a gentleman iu the audience. She graphi cally described the accident by which youug Easdon lost his life on the Towus ville racecourse some years ago, naming the horses Schmoker and Cornstalk. In every case Mrs. Baldwin correctly gave the words of a question as written down, and wherever it was possibieto verify her answers we have found them correct. For instance, Mr. Graham wrote, 'Where is Tom Brandon?' put the paper in his pocket, aud told no one what lie had written. Mrs. Baldwin said she could see the man wanted, that he was some distance away, aud his name was Tom Brandon. Those who do not believe in clair voyaucy and mind reading should certainly see this entertainment. We are sure that those who do believe will not lose the opportunity of trying Mrs. Bald win's extraordinary powers.' The adver tisement in another column fully describes this peculiar entertainment. An arrest of painful importance was made on Saturday afternoon immediately of the arrival of the Burwah. It has transpired that Messrs. Howard Smith and Sons had reason to believe that the whole of the passage money collected on their steamers did not find its way to their coffers. Private detectives were therefore employed, and two of them travelled up the coast as steerage passen gers on board the Burwah. Tickets or passage money were collected after the vessel passed Inskip Point on Saturday morning, by Mr. W. H. Betts, chief officer, aud William Freeman, head steward, who as usual shared the duty. The col lections were shortly afterwards handed over to Captain South, who, in accord ance with a private letter of instructions from his owners, made certain inquiries of the detectives aud placed the affair in the hauds of the police, the result being i that both Betts and Freeman were put under arrest and lodged in the Mary borough lock-up charged with embezzle ment. ' Tljey will be brought up at the Maryborough police court during the week. The ' occurrence created a very painful sensation in town, Mr. Betts being very favorably regarded by travel lers and all with whom his duties brought him in contact. The Circus was largely attended on Saturday afternoon, but a large number of youngsters who mustered at the gate had to go home again, having brought only sixpence each, evidently under tbe erroneous hnpressior that that was the price of admission. The performance was a good one. Mr. King, the ' Cham pion hurdle rider of Australia,' appeared tor the first time in that capacity, and fairly electrified everybody with his very original performance. Iu the evening, a .splendid programme was given — the best of the season— aud a large attendauce of the public ensured success. The Circus troupe packed up as soon as the perform ance was over, aud open at Gynipie to night, where their all-round excellence will be appreciated. A requisition bearing nearly one hundred names was hauded to His Worship the Mayor on Saturday, for a public meeting to consider the question . of railway extension to Gayndah, via j lCilkivau or any other preferable route. The Mayor has therefore convened, by adveivisement, a public meeting which will be held in the Town Hall on Wed nesday evening. We hope to see a large attendance not only of citizens of Mary- 1 borough, but residents at Kilkivan, tiie Isis. Howard, Tiaro aud other adjacent centres, for all are equally interested in the movement. Mil. C. L. Dispree, whose official con nection with railway surveys and con struction iu this district compels us to look upon him as 'aMaryboroughman,' is now called to take a permanent appoint ment in the Railway Survey branch of the department stationed at Brisbane, aud his family will therefore take up residence in the metropolis. Mr. Depree will be missed here, but not more so than Mrs. Depree, whose devotion to such public duties as come within the scope of the gentler sex, and genial hospitality, have won for her an unusual meed of general esteem. Mr. aud Mrs. W. G. Farquhar left Man-borough yesterday to catch the R.M.S. Merkhara, by which steamer they voyage to the old country. Sir. Farquhar lias proved so good a colonist, and as an employer and man of business won such good opinions in Maryborough and Bundaberg, that the people will be glad to hear that he intends returning to these parts in twelvemonth's time. Meantime, hearty good wishes go with the pair. Lilliputian Operarbouffers are very entertaining, but then1 cleverness is, like everything else of an attractive nature, not always productive of unmixed good. Thus, yesterday morning, a young son of respectable parents residing in Mary borough, yielded to an infatuation aiid bolted off to Brisbane with the intention of joining the Pollard troupe. He will | prooauiy ue orougut nacit, saa and sorry. A generai. romoval of Police Magis trates, which was decided on by the Government some days since, has com menced. Captain Goodall, who lias long done duty at Mackay, is under orders to remove to Dalby. Mr. Howard St. George, at presen tat Aramac, is appoin ted to Clermont. Mr. H. T. Macfarlane, of Roma, goes to Aramnc. Mr. T. Allen goes to Cardwell. Other changes will 1 be announced shortly. The mails for Europe vi'i Torres Straits will close at the Maryborough Postroffice at 8 p.m. to-morrow, and they will bo taken to Rockhampton by the Dingadeo for ultimate despatch on board the B.I.S.N. Co.'s steamer Merkhara,- The latter is due in LondoiT on August lltli. The Kdina, s., which arrived from Rock hampton yesterday, brought the Mary borough mails from Europe by the Waroonga, and delivery will be made at tne l'ost-omce mis morning, rue next mails inward are due here on July 2nd next Wednesday week. ' The steamer Pacific., just finished at the hands of Messrs. John Walker and Co., Limited, did a preliminary trial trip on Saturday, and went down the river as far as Dundathu. We understand that the vessel, which has all the trimappearance of a yacht, worked in a most satisfactory manner at all points. At half-speed she attained five knots, and her steering qualities, we believe, were splendid. A formal trip will no doubt take place at an early date. We need scarcely remind the friends of the British and Foreign Bible Society, of the annual meeting to-night in Wesley Church. In addition to the intrinsic interest in the Society, there is the further attraction of being permitted to listen to one of the ablest platform men of Eng land. In connection with social and religious meetings and questions at home the name of the Rev. H. J. Robjohns, B.A., has been a tower of strength for some years past. At a meeting of the Lady Musgrave Hospital, held on Thursday last, a letter was read from the Hon. R. B. Sheridan, intimating that the deed for the land in John-street, ° granted [to the institution is being prepared. Sundry details were arranged iu connection with the tempor ary building, aud it is now announced that the hospital is ready to receive inmates. We are glad to learn that the an nouncement of the death of the wife of Mr. T. M'Gladrigan, formerly of the Maryborough State School, is incorrect. Mr. P. Norton, fatherofthe lady in ques tion, informs us that the announcement refers to Mr. M'Gladrigau's- mother, who unfortunately paid the debt of nature a week or two ago. An important sale of freeholds will be conducted by Mr. H. C. Thorburn at his central auction mart to-morrow at 12 o'clock, consisting of the extensive pro perty known as the Club Hotel in Bazaar btreet; the comfortable dwelling house corner of Queen and John- streets, and a fine building site in Keith-street. The Holloway Dramatic Company open in the Town Hall, Maryborough, on 26th June, in the sensational play ' Lights o' djoudou.' Tjie Hon, P. Macpherson, Government arbitrator, is now here, on his way to Bundaberg to adjust matters in connec tion with sundry railway resumptions. The usual fortnightly Petty Debts Court will be held at the Court House this morning. Smith's novelty shop is tobekeptopen for one week more, aud will close posi tively on Saturday next. The Heath, schooner, which arrived last week with upwards of 80 recruits on board is still iu the port with the kana kas undelivered (says the Mackay Stan dard.) Tiie reasons why the boys have not been landed are perfectly sound ones. On the arrival of the Heath the Poly nesian Inspector objected to allow the kanakas to land on account of it appear ing that the islanders did not understand the nature of their agreements. It ap pears thatuutil the arrival ofau interpreter from Townsville there was no means of conversing with the newly arrived men. The interpreter however made it clearly apparent that the men had little or no knowledge of the purpose for which they were brought to Queensland, or the pro bable duration of their term of service. Oil these grounds alone the Government officials here would be justified in refus ing to allow the men to laud. At the same time it would seem that the Go vernment Agent must have neglected his duty in allowing the men to be re cruited without satisfying himself that the provisions of the Act had been carried out. In addition to this, however, Dr. Clarksou has inspected the men carefully and has expressed the opinion that the majority of the men show the incipient signs of diseases likely to prove tatal. The result will be that these men will have to be taken back to then- islands at the expense of the shippers. The political battle will (says the Townsville, Bulletin) chiefly rage during the next session around the Land Bill. Political quid minus prophesy that the measure will quickly bring about the defeat of the Government. Mr. Griffith will certainly never be permitted to give pastoral tenants fifty years leases. The experience of the Kanaka Bill of last session, however, shows that the Go vernment are quite willing to entirely redraft a measure, iu order to meet the views of their opponents, and retain office. Sir. Dutton will not, we believe, attempt to stand or fall by his ' fifty years clause,' or by any other part of his bill. It will be altered to suit everybody, and will eventually please nobody. Ministers, however, will remain in office. We are informed that the owners of the celebrated Mount Morgan goldmine are about to erect clilorinising works on their property on the Dee River, capable of f loating 150 tons of tailings per week. Arrangements have been made with Mr. A. Lymburner, late of Gynipie, and a contract entered into with him to treat that quantity per week for six mouths. This, we understand, is in the nature of an experiment, aud if successful, works of a larger capacity will take then- place. Clilorinisation is a new departure so far as this district is concerned, and one we trust that will have a material influence for good on gold-mining in the neighbor hood. Under existing conditions miners have thought themselves fortunate if half the gold was saved, but by this pro cess we believe from 70 to 80 per oent. is guaranteed. — Rockhampton Bulletin. It is understood that the Bank of New South Wales was the only colonial bank which stood out from the general bank ing agreement to honor the notes of the Oriental Hank. A comprehensive view of the whole matter might have arranged this difficulty. A bank note has become a piece of standard money t i the general mind. It would be awkward if this delusion made manifest by the banks themselves was followed by a unanimous demand for payments in gold. Mr. M. Hume-Blacic, M.L.A., appears before his constituents this week, in the Mackay School of Arts. Not in connec tion with politics, though, but as a Apt low comedian in .a performance by the Mackay Amateur Dramatic Society.. The lion, member plays ' Bunter, a self-maae man,' iu the Haymarket comedy of ' New Men and Old Acres.' Could not Mr. Black be induced to make a starring tour down the coast, on his wiry to be yrcsent at the opening of Parliament in Captain W. Rosengren, for -jnany years prominently engaged in the Poly nesian labor trade, died at Mackay on the 3rd inst. He was interred with masonic honors. 