FICTION. (From Epglltb, American, and other Periodical!.) II ADO'lillT.. PART 2.-CHAPTEB X11 ( Continued.) " Love does not belong alone to the gilded circles of society, mademoiselle," be went on, in a waver- ing voice, "and the poor suffer from it quite as much as the rich. Money does not purchase feel- ing, and we that have no roof to call our own may suffer as much from a woman's treachery and de- ceit BB kings in their royal palaces !" He looked at Madolin and saw that she bad grown pale. He had touched upon a subject shs under stood only too well, and in that he was more than fortunate. " But I weary you, mademoiselle," he said, put lieg up bis left hand and brushing it across his eyes. "Imay have my sufferings, but I hove do light to intrude them upon you, Nor would I but that having, perhaps, done you a favor in bringing j his lordship's letter, I am emboldened to ask one in I return." Hadqlin moved nearer and stood with one hand testing on the arch of the window. " If I can do anything to serve you, I shall be only ' too happy," she said, in a sympathetic voice. " Tou seem agitated, sir, Will you enter the reception room ? We can talk there with more freedom and less chance of intrusion." She pushed the window open as she spoke, and Bucarelli, moving forward, took up the edge of her long lace scarf and pressed it to his lips. " You are too kind-too considerate, mademoi- selle," he said, in a choking voice, " I shall carry away one sweet memory of England, after all." Madolin made no reply. Passing into the recep- tion-room she struck a match, twisted up the letter as though Id an artless manner, applied it to the lame, and then lighted the lamp. She did not extinguish the bumirjg letter, how- ¡ ever-that was not her purpose; and casting it on the polished hearthstone, she watched it blaze nntil only a heap of gray fishes remairjed. Although Filippo pretended not to notice this, his sly little eyes watched the burning paper from under tholr drooping lids, and just the ghost of a smile fluttered over bia pale lips. Madolin waved bim to a chair, and being very careful to keep his bandaged hand in full view, ond hia back to the light, Filippo sank down upon it with a low sigh, " May I now ask the nature of the favor you wish at my hands P" Madolin asked, seating herself be. side a carved cabinet of ebony and gold, and, un- consciously, making a very pretty picture, with the lamp-light on her beautiful face, one round, white arm, half clouded in yellow lace, Ijing over the ebony Cabinet, the soft hangings of the room-penrl gray embossed in dead silver-forming an exquisite background to ber golden beauty, and her diouer dress of ivory-white and lilac tuHe falling about her like a palpable mist, starred here and there with knots of perfumed violets and buds of waxen-white eyringa, Fillippo lilts his tawny face, Bnd his eyes dwell on that beautiful, spirituelle figure in wrapt admira- tion for sevrai seconde. He doesn't wonder that 2it. Thorndale loveB her--he doesn't wonder that one-half of England is ready to run the other half through the heart for the sake of winning her, and he feels at that moment, if he were an earl, with a rent-roll of thirty thousind, he knows just where he would lay his coronet and hie heart, He is half in- clined to forgive his master for loving her ; he is half inclined to blurt out the whole truth, but he think« of Paolina- thinks of the golden game he is playing, and ice creeps round his heart once more This w.»man, with all her dazzling beauty, means to become Countees of Glandore-meane^o become Mr, Thorndale'« wife, he thinks-and he means to pre- vent it, be the coneequences what tbey may ; for Mr. Bucarelli has a deeper interest in his master's mar liât e than anybody gives bim credit for. And the long and the short of it is simply this : Paolina ebal) be Countess of Glandore, or Mr. Thorndale thall never manyi He ia clever enough not to assert this by hint or by deed, however, and looking straight into Mado litfa eyes, he says, in a hw, husky voice i .'The favor is but a simple thin?, mademoiselle the mere writing of a letter to the woman who has deceived me, I would not ask it, but I am unable to pen it myself. An accident y«Bterday-the ex- ploding of a gun while shooting in the Sandown Woods-has disabled my right band you see, and it is impossible for me to move it. I will dictate the let and then send it to its destination- Charteris Manor, a matter of five miles from here, on the road to FlamborauRh Htad. You will not care to hear the ?tory, mademoiselle, but it is to Julia Bawtry, the gardener's daughter. We were to have been married ia a month, but I am not so well-to-do as somebody else that has lately come along, and-and- Well, I am going back to Italy, mademoiselle, and I want to send ber one brief line of patting, Will you kindly write it for me ?" Madolin did not reply in words. Rising, she croseed the room to a quaint little desk near the Window, opened it, and drew out a sheet of her own perfumed note-paper, "Oh, thank you, thank j ou, mademoiselle!" the steward s >?.', putting his bandki rcbief to his eyes for tbe purpose of hiding the triumph of his face, and for nothing else. " I shall never forget this-never ' Will you kindly date the letter and I will dictate the rest." Madolin dippel the pea in the ink, andjwrote the day and the month on the top of the Bkeet. " Shall I write 'Dearest Julia,' or 'Friend Julia ?' " she asked, looking up. Bucarelli shook his head. " Neither, mademoiselle," he answered, huskily. " I have no long-r a right to address her by either title. The envelope will tell who it is for. We will put on name in the letter, if you please." Madolin made no reply. Dipping the pen in the ink once more, she began again to write as Filippo dictated : " When you shall havejooked at this," the steward began, speaking slowly, that she might catch every word and transfer it to paper, " I shall be miles, perhaps leagues, away from you and all the bitter memories of Glandore. I cannot stand tbis life of dreadful suspense-it tortures and maddens me. There is no longer hope. All the bright dreams I have indulged in are only empty air, and I leave England for some quiet place, where I can live down the misery of my past, I only ask of you, do not seek to find me out, do not search for me. In common with the world, I Want you to forget that such a wretched creal ure as I am ever drew the breath of life. Where I «bull ftod rest, Heaven alone knows. It may be, the bitterness will j et go out of my heart. If it does, I may find strength to return ; if not, God bless you- forget me." Madolin had reached the last line, and the steward arose. " Tour heart-broken friend, Filippo Bucarelli," he said, in a husky voice ; and signing the letter thus, Madolin laid down the pen. Is it correct?" she asked, passing the written sheet to the steward for his inspection, s He let his glittering little eyes glide over it eagerly and then passed it back. " It is quite correct; thank you," be said, with a low bow. " Will mademoiselle kindly address the envelope ?" Madolin did, and rising softly, placed it in Filippo's hand. " A million thanks, mademoiselle," he said, with a great show of emotion, " I shall carry the remem- brance of this kindness into my native land. It is getting late now, and I will no longer intrude upon your privacy. Adieu, mademoiselle, adieu, and Heaven bless you 1" Once again the scarf was pressed to bis yellow Ups, a low bow, a last farewell, and Madolin saw him pass through the open window, cross the great stone terrace, and glide away in the shadows of the night. "Poor fellow I" Bhe murmured, putting up her hand and extinguishing the light; "poor fellow! He little knows how bis words touched me-he little dreamB how well I understand a heart history like his, But it looks like dawning light for me. The papera will soon be again in my hands, the hunt for Basil Trevelyan's title is now at an end, and if the shadow of Charlotte Dimisdale's death can be lifted from my brow, I shall be Countess of Glan- dore yet." And Bhe though, as she spoke, of the story Fran- cois bad told her that day in tbe little blue boudoir -the story of that night under the American-moon, when Ashton Thorndale came home with blood upon his hands. She went to the window and parted the silken curtains, looking wistfully out on the light of the purple sea. The dates coincide," she muttered softly, "and yet, what reason could there bo for the crime ? I cannot understand it-it is wrapped in deepest mystery. Why should Ashton Thorndale take Char- lotte Dimisdale's life P They never could have met before, and yet, according to Francois' story, it seems clear that be murdered her, Heaven help me ! what a tangled web I bave to UDravel." She aighed as Bhe spoke, took out a tiny jeweled watch, and lookedjat its enameled dial. " A quarter olfeeven," she murmured, softly. " I have but three hours to make preparation for my journey, and I cannot ask for Mignonette's aid she was so ill this morning." She let the silken curtains fall, shutting the white lustre of moonlight out, paseed through tbe door, and went up the dim corridor to ber own boudoir. Silence lay over the summer land, gloom wbb in tho little reception-chamber, aad quaint little shad- ows seemed fluttering among the pearl-gray hang- ings, A breath ol wind stirred the curtains, letting a shaft of moonlight flash into the deserted room, tho sea was sobbing faintly on the rocks below, and somewhere in the silence and the gloom of the Ab- bey a clock struck the hour of seven. A footstep crossed the stone terrace-a quick, low, cat-Iiko step, like the tread of a robber ia the dead of night-the curtains of the window parted with a swift froufrou, the track of eilver widened across the carpeted ilior, the moonlight struck on a tawny face with glittering, bead-like eyes, the waves broke on the rocks below with something tadder in their everlasting moan, and with the white luBtre of star- light at his feet, Filippo Bucuelli stood in the win- dow arch. For one instant his eyes swept the scene about bim, then the curtains fell with a gentle rustle, and the Italian glided into the room. The desk was there by the window-open as Madolin had left it. Tho bandaged hand carne out of its sling, slipped into bis pocket, and came out again with the letter she had written clasped in it) yellow fingers, He ripped it quickly from the envelope, crashing the wrapper up, and tbrueting it into his pocket again, and bending over the desk, he straightened out the written sheet, laying it close to the edge of the ruby baize as though it bad been left there in great haste. * " Your heart-broken friend, "FlMPFO BUCABHLM." The words looked up at him in the silvery sheen of moonlight. He held the letter open there, took np the in k bottle and upset it on the edge of the desk, so that the contents flowed over the bottom of the sheet blotting out his own name, and trickling darkly to the floor, r . "Upset in a hasty flight," he said, with a queer little smile, es he turned to the window, leaving the letter there, with the overturned bottle beside it. Herown paper, her own writing-who will dispute it, who can? Sbe leaves Glandore voluntarily ; she bids them not to hunt for her ; ehe flies in the dead of night to London-flies in disguise, and the game is eafe. Santa Maria t I shall win at last 1" The sound of a footstep over the carpet, the hiss of the curtrins parting and falling back again, and the ruBtle of a figure creepinu away through the ivy those aro all the sounds that follow his going; and in the BileDce and tbo solitude of the summer night, Filippo glides away to catch the London train. 