GENERAL ASBEZfBLY- OF VlfE PRES- BYTERIAN CHURCH. -#--. Tho nineteenth Bnnnal session of the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of Now S mth Wales was covn ¡ nieuctd in St. Stephen's Church, Phillip- street, kst'ev«n ing. Prior to the constitution of tbo Assembly a religious soi vico was held under tbo direction of tbo retiriug Mode-rat/ir (Rev. T. A. Gurdon;. 'Ihoro was a large attendance. Mr. Gordon ptcschvd a sermon based on thu words, " Hold that fast which thou hist'1 (Révélation iii. 11). Tho Assembly baviny bien çoiis'itiited, tho clerk reiid the report on ministerial chcuges which h.i',1 talton place since last Assembly. 'Ihe report was as follows: "Deceased: Rev. James Brotberston Laughton, H.A., Oronco : Rev. Alexander H'Ewcu, Mudgee. He-mitted: Rev.'Christopher J. Mood, Wallsend; Rev". .Willi»!" H.. C5 ray, B.A., Hamilton ;'Rev. Alexander Dandle, M.A., Catc-oar; Rev. James I. Robertson, M.A., Tumut; Rev. Theodore Qsborne, Tavslia. Trauslnt/d: Rev. Janies Lamont, from Coonabararbran to East Maitland. Ad- mitted: Fiom tho Established Chuvoh of St iitland-Rev. R. Burry Brown, Rev. J. A. K. Brotchie. Prom the Preje Church of Scotland-Mr. David Allen, stiident; Rev. Charles Naismith; Rev. Alexander w-bprne, M.A. ; Rev. Robert Jackson: Rov. Hubert, Davidson; Re.v. David Smith, M.A; Rev. J. H. Terras; Rov. Mafthow Bell. From the United Presbyterian Church of Scotland-Ttsv." James Goudio, Rev..Boswell Berry.' From the Presbyterjiiu' Church in Deland-Rev. Sirup-son Mil)or, B.A.'; Rev. R. Dill Mucky. From the Presbj ler¡aií"Church of England Rtv. J. J.'Thorp. From the Calviuistio Mutho.!ist Church of Wales-Rev. PhilipNoriiiim. Mr. Wiliium Uobbio, cuto chist. Indnctod : Rev. John H Archibald. Moruya ; Rov. Alexander Dandie, M.A., Woodburn; Rev, Philip Kortuun, Wallsend; Rev. Tliotnaa M. Davies, Moree. Ordained and Inducted: Re-v%'John Fowlie, Portland Head and Pitt' Town ; Rev. Rohert IngliB, M. A., Cootamundra ; Rev. T. Scott Millar, B.Sc", Tenterfield; Rev. 'lhotntis Nisbet, Orange; Rev. David Aliena Upp.T Manning; Rev.. Alexander Osborne, ALA., Burwooo; Rev. Robert Jack- son; Tumut; Presbytery of Sydney, ou the 27(h November, 1883, Mr. Alexander Osborne, M.A., wus ordained to tho office of the ho y miniotry, and was inducted into the pus total charge of the congregation at Burwood. Licensed: Rev. David Allen. Absent on leave : Rev. Jamos Cosh, M. A., Balmain." Tho Clerk (Rev. J. S. Laing) reported tho receipt of commissions in favour of the following elders : Ashfield, Mr. J, H. Goodlet; Rocky Moulh, Mr.'Archibald Smith; Inveiell, Mr. Thop. Hawkins ; Burwood, Mr. Georjo Rutherford. The commissions were sustained. The roll was then called. The Rev. John Auld, M.A., read the returns received from prosbyteries anent the election of Moderator. Mr. Auld reponed tbat there was u majority of Vi votes in favour ot Ihe Rev. J. S. Laing und tbroi votes in favour of tho Rev. Dr. Moore White. The returns frtiin the Monaro and Lachlan presbyteries were iuioriuil; one presbytery had voted in favour of Dr. White, and the other m favour of the Rev. J. S. Laing. It was resolved to sustain the returns which -were in- formal. The retiring MoDr.n.vToit said it now became his duty,' and his pleasure also, to nncounce tho Rev. James ». Laing elsoted Moderator of the assembly for the ensuing your. (Applaus--.) Rev. JAME9 CAMEIIO*, M.A,, proposed, Rov. Dr. GUANT, of Shonlhitven. seconded, ned It w»s resolved, tbat_ the Rev. John Auld, M.A., of Ashfield, be appointed elerie of the Geueral Assembly for the session. The new Moderator was conducted to the chair, the assembly rising. Tbo MODERATOR then said : Fathers and Brethren, My first duty is to scknowledge the confidence you havo re- posed in mo in calling me to occupy the Moderator's chair, a position no le.-s diliicult than honr-uraMe, oud which, in dependence on divine aid and your friendly co-operation, I hope to till in on efficient manner. After thrcte-and-tweuty yotrs of unintcrrupt' d labour in this culony, I may be ex- cused for looking buck upon the past end reverting to the circumstances of cut lier duys m which those who carne to this lund did so under leis favourable and hopeful conditions than do those who now come umotigjt us. Twenty-threo y ears ngo the Presbv terian Church of this colony wus un- happily characterised by great divioion, much w eakness, and considerable inertia. With the wida ÍMd of the whole territory to operate upon, there were few openings and little eDe'nur.igcmeut for new arrivals. 'Ibero was no activo ageut to preparo the way, to opin up long-neglected centres in whieh success itself attests the vitality of Presbyterian prin- ciples, though, by forte of circumstances, ion? left un- funded. In the course of rVoviduLce, certain political cb inges fuvouied a movement for uniting the several fragments of 1'resbytetianiam in tho colony (nu exurnple having been set us by our Victorian brethren), and ut length there was consuiumuted that union upon vrhich 1 und otheiswho to .k part in it fondly look back ss tho beginning of days-. Activity and vigour have been ron tempnrantons with our abandonment of sectional Piesby terittuism, and at this moment wo should be unvroithy of our name did we not recognise the guod hand of our Gcd upon us, and did wo not lejoiee-no1 with lurtv pride orself exultiitinn, but in a spit it ot gratitud« to the Greit Head of the Chuic-h for what He has wrought for us and by us. A few statistics, indicating the progress made since the union, will not, 1 hope, be ucinierc-siing. In lSli-i-the year ot union-the Church consistod of -15 ohuigts. There are now, by tho roll of this r.ssembly, 88, exclusive of ChurcJi Esteu eton charges, '.'he number cr ministers in active service at the little of ihe union was 44, of whom 21 rurvivo; at pro sent vl-o have S3 ministers oud 12 vacant chaiges. Tbo number of charges in the Picsbylcry ot byuuey in lStiö (city aud suburbs only included) was 11; now there ore lo, with the piospei t of many moie. It must be nclmilted (hut much of this im-reaso hue taken pluce within the last detude, and not a little within tho hist lctwyeais. We must not forget as an element nt ptogrtss the much molo efliciont ned methodical manner in which the business of the Church is j-inied ou uudor the new constitution of tho standing committees, the adeqrato repre- sent ition of Presbyteries on the committees being a special feature of cxcellc-uce. Add to this that our people have largely, and in o few cases ruutiiflcenily, responded lo the incieased claims mude on their liberality in carrying out tho financial und other schemes of the Church-not that we can suppose that we have ahtady utti.Dic'j, or ure in this re- spect dread y perfect. I believe thai: where backwardness ¡3 evtucccl it is due more to lack of hearty leadership than to auy want of loyalty on the part of our peuple towaius tbo church's enterpn'st-s. (Applause.) Surely- sufficient lins leen ae'COintJisbed to induce tis to thank" God nnd take courage ; uot that ive. regard theso things as in themselves the thief ends to lo ¡-ouatit, but viowid as menus or machi- nery we muy reisonubly reerard the o-iiiciency of the lnstruuiantnlily ns an indit-attou of the certainty of results attained. If ibis external success does not pruvo the exist- ence of spiiituol piogiess, it is certain that failure theiein would noi do so. Lut no erne, ihtreloie, think lightly of what muy be tabulated-in their high appieciatiou of th-it spiritual progress which cannot be sj readily expressed in figures. It has been our happiness of late frequently to receive brethren who come, as wo cime, from the father !sud 'W e do more than receive them-we v elcome Ihom , and those of us wbo hove lived long in this land, endinred td us perhaps as the b rihul ice of our ohildiou or the burial place of our beloved deud, cordially I'tend our svmpatbv to those v oung men who, coming direct fiom the amtnitit s and comforts of home lite nie sout out on what fl ev must ierard Os x. missiouuiv ca-updlgu to til" di lint d Ka of tho bil h to help to uukc tho wilderness rejoice and blossom us the rose We svmpathise v-uh Ihetn I sav , we do bot pttv then.-wo think them too maulv to like that We can ot ter into the dill cultics of such a situation, and when we see thom ¡.nug ungrudginglv to dtstunt fields of labour and to quite new coudit ons of life, we think v e liai c got men of tho ru. bt stamp- men wh > will piov o a strength to the Chun h und a blessing to society Attbe s-itno tune I 1 now that there nre inuuv important qualities ot cbaraetor required forsu ct-s uudtr suth miuistenal con citi i s in i u 1 might be allowed the privilege of on old n ni iitiuu lil uotot dum it) 1 would ask my younger bietaitn ni v to tho tonoliv und ti tho work not to be in a v m coming to cou'lnsious us to the land und tho p opie -uot sunuunii v todisiimsas unwise o-impo'mt whutisntt oxactlv ot toe t lour oi d cut ot home lito lhere «as niuth bhicwdno s in the te naikui a recout distinguished visitor to 1 cut shucs (a B otsman, teo), who said-"'lou know your j own affaus much better tban other people can tell them to | vou " Strong us our uttuclinient is to the doir old land, I ¡mel much us we resemble its people, in intnv things good and b.d, w« h i-e our peaultaiitits a wt e mun nil bo adaptive, aud within le in ii It 1 tints, I 1 now no bing moro I nee - irv if a man or tumislei is to find his ploe e auu to till it I in the church or th< world "-iu J. last Assumblv no leso than | 2b thoroughiv frut jeel and aetiediied mitnsteis, besides ' e .her v.vlmble labjui-is iiotn ti o chuichos of (he united Ivugdom aud Iteliind, hive been udled to our ruLks this j must be iiQimtled to be uti nut.! rtint ntctss e n lo ourminis I temi stiongth, aud qujlu uupieeed nt u, 1 think m the htstorv or expenenco of auv church iu this hemisphere \\\ hilst wt vvelt mo nev, fates it would b- uu1 lud and un grPielul to be fcgetful of old fnends and fellow labourer , cape lallv of tho e who luve »ect-ntlv been called owuv from us Diiiioir the vear ve hove, lo-st bv tjcih two Irelbrtnwh so ineiiiorv diserves II live both ol them ' lulound lonj tuid f nhlullv in the Masters v-oik In Ale atd"-r M'Lu cn iws found ti man of pitty, ilt-avs ti de t, uud alv-iijs r tiring, but over el ligeut lu hi ov;n [ i-0[ ei cilung-tiLe ot those steadv uud tiripietending ' wellers who d> f) much aud siv so little oboat it Ile lallurrU to the lost, and liteiu'lv omi in haruess lu the eli »til of Jmits B laughton I ixptritu ed a peisonal \o<", and 1 trus li wnl n *? 11 ms deit-d out ot pWo tor me bei to ttcku iwled.e liov" nu ch I ti-ypit t> hu bri tJutly usais! - unce ti id oui s 1 m iivuniei ltlonis n the pistîuthë A -suiblv iii vi 1 it i I siticct lid n ni But this Chinch o i s tn hi n i it, h m tot i n the ubi aj Ii r6c o ti o uun a 11 ait Hie i i which 1 s mi tho li ii miud und evuet hubits p c-oo ireiitly i i ei hi i V> ubi li m s» tbo tnttutc it « - m ur ni d leith ii outee v jio ? h" lu t "tit lei I mr ti, i all eiifstins w lu li time ip I r u its i i m tun boj t. V «h I ni,« at d " i r tis svn pdines tiw tids all r d i i i, he w se vot el to tin miele ts oi this I bute h 11 tho p t ¡I cult, i wl i j i o w II tttith d Iv ü opouvi i ?> to him, ii is under i» a'i lill iti ins loi wise uni hcirv mut s Is st thectitt il;?i ti t Us lornutioij ara t r tamest i elv le ici of i viiv et ii-rp i o which w ull p-mi i siitcessni triut eds for \v li it h it is c illili uti o MU 11 J I lern iv i ' tie just is blessed mi n¡» I Je 11 t irtaut ma tels hitwil b-i fiibinit ed to vcu, there is or or wider b m ic ind u ote L,ene¡ '1 inmost that well de.trvis strions cemstJeiatiuiaal full uiscussim ti' veur hinos On tie tumi t of the pro- ' pn«ed fedsiotiui i ' t) e Pi sbvtentn Cnurc'iis 11 Mistriilu I it is not for un îriM (his p t e ti s u io iba i th i" in ¡ imporlunce for the futuro of tho Church in tuis lunJ de- serves lo bo be fully leceynis d and appi eciatcd, und calis upon us to consider it as a question quite out of''te revh of Jnterccftonial jealousies and rivalries, if such, exist. Ro cent movements in fbe political world in this difóctionmay justly lend uo to.conclude that the consideration of iba federation of the Churches is by no means prematu-e. We htive xvith us this evening several honoured bretbrtin-deputies from tho \ ictorian Church-of whom this ic'ea of fe len tiort has taken n firm bedd and who will, ro doubt do rhetr best to ndyan"e a project which I know thev hitvo so muan at he trt Leaving this matter (n your hanos 1 wirb to ofir r a few obst rv it ions on thp relation of thi Chun hta suntu phifis of modem thuurlit, and to the pria1- ptaclical questions that ni°et us m the moral and spntuil condition of the eomiiiunitv in -which wo dwell. AS e cm ufiord, I think, pot to Le mdigunat nt tbo frequent accueatu n of bein., bnhind tho agi, uncí bound in the fetters of an eüete orthodovy, and ti 1 up bv creeds and confes- sions 1 nm sure thjt as mtpistors o^Cti --t und educated men, we aro not indilii rent J > th Lroaf quo linns of the day h°anpg upon tho re 1 ¡ti IDS ef uence und iel f,ion, and tho relations of the ( brindan r linton to ti e eultuie Of the age. v\ o uro not tnsens bia t ) the npitit of th° times-v\e cannot be si, end we fu li recósanse tu nccess ty of auipting our mode of prestntmg divine trulh s i us t-v gain the car of iho men of our own el iv t bin wo i tust no it wo would speak in- telligibly toelur hosrers It isquife iinpiss hie to reproduce to niodtrn ondienecji Ihe piofeurd thin It th suotile dis- tinctions, the probxiti, ¡ud afscuri-iv n ss of the gieat divines of the Futifnn i },e opt it seems tn me that it is ouo thing to ndapt the manuel of pre eut J g diviue truth and Christian dutv to the e i¿erctos of the present and quito another to-dtpart from cr.- uti 1 truth to »mt the t ndenues of modiin tuon"ht nt d sp uladon (Heir, bear ) Putting i sida thj considérât on ot positively int gomatic Ihought, such as agnosticsm and tho (,ross see; tiusui whicn fin 's espre-ision in this cilv, wo hnvo pir-eated lo ui by one rho bens nu honoured name an ajp-ircrt'y new and mora insidious tinpot adaptation ot theeM l u'h, which, more th m nnythtnif 1 h ive reoentlv met, set ms to be an lllustra li n of tiiOsippsrolic paradox, "Another Gospel which is not nmfh r" This ney depvr uieis based upon the position th it tue miraculous m the G ispej must bo c,ivou up, and wo i us rely on whit is called tho "natural truth" of CbiHtiaili.y, lor we ero confidcitlv assuied "miracles do not happen* ' cid it is eve illov ed thvt the ohatacteia of cer aifitv and grandeur do belong to the natuiäl truth of the Christi n rel giou J hu'", this viow is not presented os d-> i nedlv e-nugonirtic to the Christian roltgion and to the church, u is profe sedly mtouded to make both moro popular and elfe tue It ii a new Gospol in which the ethics of Cirri tianilv in it* natural truth is retained, but i's dogma, its doctnu s, and oven its supernaturil facts, are ais tided Ihtss uro what aro dislned. Ihe doctrino of the ii t mction of the Son of God, His resurrection, and necessiintv that of ti supernatural vv ork of griteo upon tho heart, must be got rid of or quictlv put in the background Ihis ha°, at least, the merit if being an intelligible pro- posal and what docs it mean ? What aoes the culture o¿ the ttg3 thus ask tit us * We ansiyer,« What cultttro hus often asked befoie,-an ontuo revolution in our benofs, a complete abundonuiont ot all that is divine in religion, the, recoguilion of Christ PI an ideal }ife jatber than us the nsou, ' viner, and "loiifcd Lord, the power ot who p grto» is see-n in giving from His high throne, re penfon-o nn' forgiveness of uns, and the po ver of xvhpoe presence ia felt iu the renewing of the Holy Ghost. Ir this is' ssjiously proposed to thj Church of Christ, then, for our part, in spite ei the risk of being charged -with want of "lucidity,' we must cleave to the old paths. Wo dare not denv our Lord, nor can wa forget us part of the evidence of fact the succès with which, ti e Apostlo Peter wield d the supernatural fact of our ¡saviour'« rçsuri otttion upon the ho nts of the men of JVu ealein-ve slew Him, God raised Him from the dead-till from thoir stricken consciences burat the .cry, lilen aca brethren, what shall we dov We cannot forçot another fact, that Paul precepted to the cultured philosophers of Athens (ho same dogrna of tto rosuircction ua exhibited in ibq rieiQn Christ, nnd adhpred t-> it, tuopgn sonia mocked cr I others procrastinated, anti wo i innot fcrget that tea sucee-s o> apostles and Dropue-ts ¡s in the sacred recjrd, Lof o^cnled to the state neuf or tho nety-rul truth of Cunsti nui tv, but to this-that wich g-e-t power gave tho apostlea the r witness uf the roourrcclion of the Lord Jesuo Bus whv should we Toisake the n L,rcut ttuths-pill thom, degtuas if vod will- ana supernatural tictaí "We know aa it h is becu well smd, ' hat at luis mou «nt, of all intellec- tuel, of all motal forces ia e ir Ucd, Christianity Li tha most living and atrgrtasivp It is so, becausert fetchea men, and bads the i, 1/ bringing them faco to fate wi h that ovor enon-i^me» poison who diesd uni ros» again, who tuihlled tho wondruus pi edicttons of ancient s^ers, who uioie tbon r alistd 'he n e st glorious hopes and wildest dreams of gage and suiple who ¡.avo a newstart fo the civilisât on; thought, phibnihrciv, and xvo-ehtp of mad kitid ' But I must ask you to muemler that the great end of the existente of the ( hurdi on eurth is a practical one-the mortel atd spiritual elevation cf mankind Asa Church we uiu^t not bo înliSercjt to this t,reat object ex prissed bv our Divmo Mister in that significant saying, " ihe Stn of MAU cuno to s->»k to save the lo t " Prom time to time we a « stirtltcl by hitieius e\ Iiosures ot vice mid trune, v huh ditclo ea frightful con- dition oc der id it on nnd immoialitv inn certain claus of our population I will ni t say that tho t burch oi Chi ¡st 11 blameless in (his matter but Ido not bulievo thet ii deserves the reprotoh which is somt times hen ed ut ou it tis if wholly neglectful ot those outside us pal ib q te I m as to how ttrtum c1 stcs. outsiln tue (' u lu«, mai bo briugbt undei moral and spiritu ii icfljeuce is ona that tj^ts tho visdo i of the wisest and most puilanthropto or nil pietils And I thuJs *hat however well meant, the me h id uf oe ilu g with it which has made so mue h noise of late tiearcelv pitstntsa sitisfacton solution of ihe difficulty, it vvou d le piesuuiDtion in mc to attempt to olici a solu- tion ot a ptoblem which is acknowledged tobo tae most dilheult ot all social problems but it may nut be out of place to suggest tin t the Churches ouahr to realise that this is aprib n for th» ii to guipu'e with, find that in tho líos-peí is to be lound the onlv power adequate to cope with itiorul and spiritual do,-,i-idation No doutt the influence ot rnligionmi\ be so ibsttuctetl by Ricial conditions as to ren- der the work moi o than dilheult, but ont w ould hope that in this v Dimgand prosp»re us t ommuniiy suvn so ml conditions o^arittq vnth less severity thin in oltler lands Iho Churches must milleu still name stremi us e its to lav hold of thu young bv ' n ssion ' osv eil i B ho oidrn iry ^iblnibsohoolp. Iho evil begins in youth, and H lo le t a ed lirgily to tho want of dtimtstio di cipl 131, bv wine h tho youth of our land me allowed too «con lo b enuc tbtirewn mustere and to act mdeptndenilv of parental on roi onu influence In my opinion, alto, mue h moru must b" att rapted in connection wita the d tv scboe 1 either in 1 ebs. i-,t of pre«ont urrange meuts- 111 utte- wine J will e me before v ou for discussion or bv moto fullv availing ourselves ef the facilities at present uttorded for giviug religious instruction in State school It is to be feared that if tho Cnurches do not take advantage of these oppoi tunnies, they will ultimately be le st to us, «ud n purelv secular svstem ef education inuuBurat-d, than which nothing can le conceived ni ire disasi r is fir the vve'fire of the corn mumtv (Applausj ) No less uno irlunt and desirable is it that contjiegatious in populous cntrt^-, should realise it to be their duly to engage in direct luc-oieui or eya.ngeln.tic work ouiong lb" yicious and 1 ipscel and tbus«ireev'lvattempt to giapple with tho uppalling evils whith n bet the humb'er rani s ut o ir population As 'no mm livoth to himself, ' so ouL.b.t it to he held that no Chiustton congregation shojild be i outeut snuplv to enjov its own spiritual piiytlegea un- mindful o' the spiritual destitution which may reign around it \\\ e must rise up more earnestly to the consideration of the high aims of the ( hricttaa Church nnl ministry in the salvation of souls and by ali wise and judicious ni.en.ns to primóte that righteousness which o\alteth a nation, and without which no poople however materially prosperous, can be truly gre it and happy h mallv, fathers and brethren, inv hone is that this inav be an assemblv of " wor"k aud nn nesemUy of peace As Presbyterians wc hold dear the freedom of di=cussioa, nnd recogni o the necp»sity tor it in nil such us, emblies nB this, but 1 do prav that tho pieseno nf tho benign epttii. ot love aud peace may r st upon us, BO that our deliDorations, tree from bitterness and strife, nay ttreiHv conejuce to the adv Raceme ut of tha vy oik of Gcd lp the land , that Gol, oven our own God, sha 1 bless us ard that vvemiv help on, in some loeasuie, the ble?s oi ce.n-,uuiui4tipp, when all tbo erds oí thetarih sh ill fttir Him Ihe newlv- ppo ntcl clprk, huvijg solemnly promised to disthir0e ihe uutie6 of cleik with fidelity to tho assem.blv re-d the r pitt ot the committee on bills und overture's Rev GLOKC Al IVVES luid uno i the tiblg, og. bpba'f ofiheputiltc ns committee reports of corunnttegs and cither papers to b i pr seutexl to tho (Vouerai A.SnembU I he 1 ev AM I vi vit nitre 1 iced the undermentioned gcLtlen on, ned ti v w ic vele reed and as-spetatea -Kev John Gutiluer Mujer nor ot h C ojcral \esemblj of Auto ia, lev Di N tah delc_ te irom Victoria Blei Willum Bell, of Put Glasgow-a uoumissicnsr from the ljeeChuich ot ^cit ud Rev Jani-sj A,v lute, of theCfer ricktergui Insj Pic bvterun Church lev W. Anson Smith of Brist vue Queensland 1 he session was thin -idjourneduntil 11 oVlock on Wed- nesday morning 