POPULAR DELUSIONS. \- The Chflwell Heading Rooms were crowded last evening, on the occasion of the delivery cf a lecture entitled " Popu lar Delusions," by Mr G. P. Tank, head teacher of Flinders State schooL Mr F. R_ • Pincott, 5Iayor of Jfewtown and Ghilwell, presided, and briefly introduced the lecturer, who opened his discourse by describing the various local associations of historical interest with which every portion of Great Britaiu abounds, instanc ing among the scenes of his own boyhood in Wales ~ the Druidic and Roman re mains, the ancient British camps, the hoary castles, and crumbling abbeys and monasteries, all of which were so likely to inspire a love for the marvellous, and a tendency to the supernatural. From this be went on to show the survivals of ancient superstitions still to be found in older countries, and even in these colonies. The history of witchcraft was briefly sketched, together with its modern ana logues, spiritism, and fortune-telling. The connection of the latter with the' astrology of the darker ages was indicated, and it was shown that some of the old beliefs still survived. The almost general belief in the moon's influence over the weather and over mental disease was com bated, and Dr. Carpenter's law of expec tant attention was shown to explain many of the marvels connected with table- turning, etc. The lecturer led up to the subject of faith cures, by pointing out how difficult it was in most cases to dis- criminate between a recovery and a cure, Reference was also made to the cures of scrofula believed to be effected by the Royal touch, so long as faith in the Divine right of kings remained. King Charles II cured 22,107 persons in 22 years. William III was the first king who had the good sense to refuse to lay his healing hand upon his subjects, and the delusion finally died out when the House of Brunswick came in. The wonderful cures wrought by metallic tractors, brandy and salt, etc, were quoted as ex amples of faith cures. Milner Stephen, the Rev. Mr Dowie, and others were referred to, and the history of Borne so- called cures investigated. Various delusions were shown to exist under the name of animal magnetism, and a humorous description of phrenology by Dr. Oliver Wendell Holmes served to amuse the audience. The modern flat earth theory was disposed of, and the lecturer then compared the respective attitudes of science and superstition, and illustrated the comparison by a striking occurrence which happened some years ago in France, and which led to the discovery of the spheroidal state of liquids. We append the concluding passage of the lecture :—" Although error dies hard, it is nevertheless certain that the modern methods of investigation are fatal to most delusions. Now-a-days a haunted house is not to be found, though a Scientific Association advertised for one for many months in all the English papers. Old Jeffery, that tricksy ghost that annoyed the Wesley family for so many years, would, I fear, hare a hard time of it if he were to re-visit the glimpses of the moon in the present year of grace. Compare Luther's attitude towards the supernatural with that of the modern scientist. When Luther saw the devil he did not for one moment dream of disbelieving his own eyesight, but with all his native pugnacity hurled his inkstand at the phantasm. But when a similar visitation, induced probably by indiges tion, appeared to Cuvier and threatened to devour the eminent zoologist, the latter, true to his scientific instincts, sat up in bed and drew aside the curtains to enable him the more closely to examine a creature whom he had not had any pre vious opportunity of classifying- Glanc- ing first down and then up, the great naturalist said, "What, hoofs! horns! Why, you are a ruminating animal, sir. Your conformation shows that you are graminivorous; you can't eat flesh ? Pooh ! you are a humbug to threaten to eat me." And then Cuvier laid his head hack upon his pillow and calmly resumed his sleep. In this spirit should we ap proach the strange and the mysterious, trusting not even the evidence of our own senses unless we have objective corrobora tion- 'Tis in the advance of individual minds that progress must be made; let us, therefore, prove all things, and hold fast that which is good, so shall we help to combat and expose the delusions and superstitions of our own day. Mr Link was accorded a hearty vote of thanks at the conclusion of his lecture, and a similar compliment having been paid to the chair- | man, the proceedings terminated. i 