CHAPTER XIV. SOBS SHE REMEMBER ? It was time to bring our interview toan end It had lasted so long that the civil captain had more than once peeped in with a significant look on his face, as much as to say there was such a thing as overstepping the limits of even such an authority as I held. I had no desire to protract the conversation with the convict. The object of my long journey had been attained. I had learnt all that I could learn. I knew Pauline's history. The crime had been fully confessed. The man with me had no claim upon my consideration. Even had I felt inclined to help him I had no means of so doing. Why should I linger ? But I did linger for a while. The thought, that my rising and giving the signal that my business was finished, would immediately consign the prisoner to that loathsome den from which he had emerged, was inexpressibly painful to j me. Every moment I could keep him with me would be precious to him. Never again would he see the face of a friend or acquaintance. He had ceased speaking. He sat with his head bent forward, his eyes resting on the ground. A tattered, haggard, hopeless wretch ; so broken down that one dare not reproach him. I watched him in silence. Presently he spoke : " You can , find no excuse for me, Mr. Vaughan ?" "None// I said, "lt seems to me there is little to choose between yon and your associates." He rose wearily. " Paulino will recover, you think ?" he asked. '. . ,* . . .. " I think-I hope I shall find her almost well on my return." - * . ' * " You will tell her how you have found me j she may be happier iu knowing that Anthony's death haB indirectly brought me to this." I bowed assent to this dreary request. " I must go back now," he said, with a kind of shiver, and dragging his weary limbB slowly to wards the door. . In spite of his sins I could not let the wretched being go without a word. ! " Stop a moment," I said. " Tell me if there j is anything I can do to make your life easier." 1 He smiled faintly. "You may give me money I -a little. I may be able to heep it and buy a few prisoners' luxuries." j I gave him several notes, which he secreted on 'his person. " Will you have more?" I asked. He shook his hoad. " I expect these will be stolen from me before I spend them." " But is there no way of leaving money with anyone for your nae ?" " You might leave some with the captain. It may be, if he is kind-hearted and honest,, a, portion of it may reach me. But even that is doubtful." I promised to do so, and knew that, whet! or it reached him or not, T should feel easier for having made the attempt. .«But what will your future be? Where are they taking you, and what will be your life ?" " They aro taking us rightto the end of Siberia -to Nertchinsk, There I shall be drafted off with others to work in the mines. We go all the way on foot and in chains." " What an awful fate !" Ceneri Bmiled. "After what I have passed through it is Paradise opening before me. yVhen a man offends against thd Russian law his one hope is that lo may be sent at once to Siberia. That means going from h<jll to heaven." ''I do not understand." ",You would if you had Iain like me for months, untried and irncondemned. If you had D8en placed in a cell without light, without air, without room to move. If you had heard those next to you screaming in their madness-mad ness brought on by solitary confinement and cruel treatment. If ovory morning ss you woke you had said, ' I, too, shall be an idiot before nightfall.' If you had been frozen, beaten, starved, in order to make you betray your friends. If you had been reduced to such a state that your death warrant' would be welcome ; . then, Mr. Vaughan, you would look forward to and long for the gentle rigours of Siberia. I swear to you, sir," he continued with more fire and animation than h9 had yet displayed, *' that if the civilized nations of Europe knew one-tenth part of the horrors and deeds in a Russian prison they would say, ' guilty or innocent, no human beings shall be tormented like this/ and for tho sake of common humanity would sweep the whole accursed government from the face of the earth!" . " But 20 years in the mines ! Is there no hope of escaping?" 1 V Where could I escape to ? Look at "the-map and see where Nertchinsk is. If I escaped. I could only wander about the mountains until I died or until some of the savages around killed me. .No, Mr. Vaughan, escapes from Siberia only occur in novels." " Then you must Blave until your death ?'' " I hope not. l onee gathered together much information respecting Siberian convicts, and, to tell you the truth, was rather disgusted to find how incorrect tte common opinion is. . Now . I can only hope my researches showed me the truth." . " The treatment is not sobad, then ?" ; ..,'".". " It is bad enough, as you are always at the mercy of a petty tyrant. There is no doubt but for a year or two I must slave in the mines. If I survive the toil, which is very unlikely, I may, by finding favour in the ruler's eyes, be released from further work of that description. I may even be allowed to reside at some town and earn ray living. I have great hopes that my profes sional skill may be of use to me. Doctors are scarce itt Asiatic Russia." Little as he deserved it, my heart eehoed his wish; but as 1 looked at him I felt sure there was small chanco of his enduring even a year's toil at the mines. . The door opened and the captain once., more looked in. He was growing quite impatient. ' I had no reason for wishing to prolong the conver sation, so I told him I should have finished in a moment. He nodded his head and withdrew.... " If there is anything more I can do let me know," I said, turning to Ceneri. . ' r "There is nothing-Stay! one' thing. Macari, that villain-sooner or later he will, get - his deserts. I have suffered-30 will he.. iVneu that time comes, will you try to send me word? It may be difficult to do so, audi have no. right to ask the favour. But you have interest, andmight get intelligence sent me. If I am not dead by then, it will make me happier." . Without waiting for my reply he. walked hastily to the door, and with the sentry at his side was marohed off to the prison;, .'Ifollowed him. ' <( " J-jO As the cumbrous lock was being .turned' he, paused, "Farewell, Mr. Vaughan,',..heLBaid;''Mf >. I have wronged you I entreat your pardon.'^^We shall meet no more." .'. ! ".%.'[ "So far aa I am concerned I forgive/you freely." ., ', He hesitated a moment and then held out his hand. The door was now open.. I could Boo the throng of repulsive, villainous faces-the faces1 of his fellow- prisoners. I could hoar the jabber,of curiosity and wonder. I could smell the foul odours coming from that reeking den crowded with filthy humanity. And in such a place as this, with such associates, a man of education, culture and refined tastes, was doomed to spend his last days. It was a fearful punishment. V Yet ib was well merited. As he stood on the threshold with ouJ stretched hand ! felt this. (To all intents and j urposes the man was a murderer. . Much moved ? s I was by his fate I could notforïng myself to grasp his hand. My refusal may have hean haren, b it I could not do it. . " " "V He saw that I did not respond to his action. A flush of shame passed over his face ; he bowed his~heácV and turned away. The soldier took" him roughly by tho arm and thrust him th ron eh tho doorway. Then he turned, and his eyeB uu4 tufn-i with an expression that haunted me for days, ile was gazing thus when the "heaivy door was shut and hid him from ray Bight for ever. ~ I-turned away sick at heart, perhaps regrettin I-had added anything to his shame and punish nient. I sought my obliging friend, the captaii and-received hrs word of honour that any mone; Xleftiwith him should be expended for the con ^viet's benefit. I placed a considerable sum i his/hands, and can only hope that a part of i reached its destination. Vl'hen I found my interpreter, and orderet horses to be at once procured and the tarantas brought out. I would start without a moment' delay for England- and Pauline ! ? \ In half an hour all was ready. Ivan and i stepped into the carriage ¡ the yemschit flourished his whip j the horses sprang forward the bells jingled merrily, and away we want in the, darkness ; commencing tho return journey which counted by thousands of miles. It wai only now, when buming to find myself hom« again, that I realised the fearful distance which lay: between me and my love. ' " A turn of the road soon hid the gloomy ostrog froth my sight, but it was not until we were miles andmilesaway that my spirits recovered anything like their former tone, and it was days before I ceased to think, at nearly every moment, of that terrible place in which I found Ceneri, and to which I saw him again consigned after my business with him was finished. : As this is not a book of travel I will not recapi túlate the journey. The weather nearly all the time was favourable, the roads were in good con dition^ My impatience forced me to travel almost day! and night. I spared no expense; my extra ordinary passport procured me horses when other travellers were compelled to wait-my large gra tuities made those horses use their best speed. In thirty-five days we drove up to the Hotel Russia ' It ^fiinei Novgorod, with the taran tass in such a dilapidated condition that in all probability i Another stage would have finished its work in this $oti& I bestowed it, a free gift, upon my guide, ; who,'I'believe, sold it immediately for three, roubles. ' iFioni.Nijnei by rail to Moscow ; from Moscow to^St;' Petersburg. I only tarried in - the capital long enough to pay my respects to Lord-, and onoe^more thank him for his assistance; then, bayijwr collected what luggage I had left there, away; for England ! V On my road back from Irkutsk I found a letter from Priscilla at Tomsk, at Tobolsk and at Perm, also''inore recently written ones at St. Peters bVrgh;AU up to the date of the last was going on';:well. Priscilla had taken her charge to ÖlyouBhire. Having been reared in that country t$ie .old woman had a great belief in its virtues. Thpyl'were at a quiet, but beautiful little water ing- place on the north coast, and Priscilla, averred that Pauline " was blooming as a rose, ¿nd seemed as sensible as Master Gilbert him self?'. ; X;No wonder after hearing this good nows I was eajgör'to reach home-- longing, not only to see 'ipiy;: wife again, bat to see her as I have never yèti'Béén' her, with her mind restored. Would ?fte/1-remember me P How should we meet ?l Would she at last learn to love me ? Were my jtóQttbíSit at an end or only begun? These were ;t|iebqnestions which could only be - answered ? f£^niev at last! How delightful to stand f|J|^«ííMae*s own countrymen, and hear nothing ' tf^tr good intelligible English around one. I_am brOneeii!with exposure to the wind and sun, and njjy~ beard - has grown to a great length ; one or tf$. s^uaintances I met when I reached London solely, knew me. In my present trim I could not^ope that I should awaken any recollections iri^Pauline's mind. :By the aid of a razor and fresh apparel I was sqoà' Converted to a fairly good semblance of my fôïmer self, and then, without having apprised evén'Priscilla of my return, I started for the w¿st. to see what fate had in store for me. . What i" a run across England after a man has mafle such a journey as my recent one? Yet, that pitifulhundred and fifty miles seemed te me as lo ng as a thousand did a month ago. The last fe,# ràiles l had to go by coach, and, although fojor splendid horses spun us along, each individual mile seemed as long as a Siberian stage. But thjBr journey was at last ended, and leaving my lúggá^e in the coach office, I sallied forth with a beating heart, to find Pauline. ' -vi^Weait» to the address given in Priscilla's letter.,-The house was a quiet little building, nestling on a wooded bank, with a sloping garden ra>irönt,.full of late summer flowers. Honey sucklé twined round the porch, great sunflowers ?tared!fiercely from the beds, and carnations sweetened the air. As I waited for the door to bé opened I had time to approve Priscilla's choice' of a resting place. xii- inquired for Mrs. Drew. She was not at home---hàd gone out with the young lady some time ago, and would not be back until the even ingi 'I'turned away and went in search of them. ''^Ifcwat^early autumn, buttha leaf showed no ?Igris of fading. Everything was green, fresh, and beautiful. The sky was cloudless, and a sof t balmy, air fanned my cheek. I paused and looked around, ¿oe before I decided in which direction togo;. r:^a,r below my feet lay the little fishing village ; its houses clustered round the mouth bf.tba[ noisy, brawling stream which ran down ttíé'.yalléy, and leapt joyously into the sea. On either hand were great tors, and behind them, inland, hills covered with woods, and in front of me' stretching away and away was the calm green ees). 'The scene was fair enough, but I turned away from it. I wanted Pauline. . - %|It seemed to me that on such a day as thiB th© çb&dy; woods and the running stream must offer ittéliftíble attractions ; so I found my way down . tfee.fteep hill, and began walking up the river side, -while the merry stream danced past me, É«dig its rich brown peat- stained waters into ouea^d little cascades as it shot over and leej round the threat boulders which disputed : ;ivs;p*f sage. ^.föllöwed its course for about a mile-now .'elamb^ring over moss-grown rocks, now wading ; through ferns, now forcing my way through pliant bagel boughs-then in an open Bpace on Ihe oppo b>nk I saw a girl sitting sketching. Mer back was to warda me, but I knew every turn of that graceful figure well enough to feel sure she was my wife. If I had needed extra assurance I had but to look at her companion, who sat near ber and appeared to be dozing over a book. I should have recognised that shawl of Priscilla's a mile away -its like has never been known on earth. Hard as I found it to do so, I resolved not to make my presence known to them. Before I met Pauline I wanted te talk to Priscilla and he guided by her report as to my future method of proceeding. Butin spite of my determination I yielded to the temptation of drawing nearer from where I stood I could not see her face-so 1 crept on inch by inch till I was nearly opposite the sketcher, and, half hidden by the under growth, I stood watching her to my heart's con tent. There was the hue of health upon her cheek there was the appearance of health in every movement, and as she turned and spoke a few words to her companion there was that in her look and in her smile which made my heart bound. The wife I returned to was a different being from the girl I had married. She turned and looked across the Btreant. Carried away by my joy I had entirely emerged from my lurking place. With the river between us our eyes met. She must in some way have remembered me. Were it but as in a dream my face must have seemed familiar to her. She dropped her pencil and. sketch-book and sprang to her feet before Priscilla's exclamation of surprise and delight was heard. She stood looking at me aa though she expected I would speak or come to her, whilst the old servant was sending words of welcome across the noisy stream. Had I wished to retreat, it was now too late. I found a crossing place, and in a minute or two' was on the opposite bank. ' Pauline had not moved, but. Priscilla ran to meet me and almost shook ruy. hands off. " Does sho remember-does'she know me ?" I whispered, as I disengaged myself and walked towards my wife. ''Notyet; but she will. I amsurosho will, Master Gilbert." Breathing a prayer that her prophecy might come true, I reached Pauline'B side and held out my hand. She took it without hesitation, and raised her dark eyes to mine. How did I refrain from clasping her to my. heart ! " Pauline, do you know me P" . She dropped her eyes. "Priscilla has talked of you. She tells me you are a' friend, and that until you came I must bo content and ask no questions." " But do you not remember me P I fancied you knew me just now." . < She sighed. "I have seen you in dreams strange dreams." As she spoke a bright blush spread over her ohe'ek. " Tell me the dreams," I said. " I cannot. I have been ill, very ill for a long time. I have forgotten much- everything that happened." 1 " Shall I tell you P" ""Not now-not now," she cried eagerly. " Wait, and it may all come back." Had she any inkling of the truth? Were the dreams she spoke of but the struggles of growing memory P Did that bright ring whioh WSB still on her finger suggest to ber what had happened? Yes, I would wait and hope. We walked back together, with Priscilla fol lowing at a proper distance. Pauline seemed to accept my society as though it was a perfectly natu ral thing to do so. When the path grew steep or rugged she held out her hand for mine, as though its support was her right, Yet for a long time she said nothing. " Where have you come from ?" she asked at last. "From a long, long journey of many thousands of miles," ", " Yes ; when I saw your face you were always travelling. Did you find what you Bought?" she asked eagerly. . \ . - . " YOB. I found the truth. I know every thing." . ' « Tell me where he is ?" tr Where who is ?". ..' " Anthony, my own. brother-the boy they killed. Where is his grave ?" " He is buried by the side of his mother." " Thank God ! I shall be able to pray over him." : She spoke, if excitedly, quite, sensibly, but I wondered she was not craving for justice to be meted out to the murderers. ff Do - you- wish, for : vengeance on those who killed him ?" " Vengeance ! what good, can vengeance do? ' It will not bring him ' back to life. It happened ! long ¿go. When, I know not ; but now it seems '. years ago. God may have avenged him by now." 'j " He has, in a 'great measure. One died in j prise n raying mad ; another is in chains, working : like a slave ; the third, as yet, is unpunished.1' ? " It will come "to him sooner or later. Which is it ?" ; " Macari." She shuddered at' the' name and said no more, j Just bof oro we reached the housso in which they ; lodged, she; said, softly and beseechingly, " You will take me to Italy-to his grave ?" I promised, only too glad to find how institic- ; tively Blie turned to me to prefer tho request, She must remember more than she gave herself credit fori " I will go there," she said, "and see the place, and then, we will speak of the past no more."' ; \- We we're now at the garden gate. I took her hand in mine. . "Pauline,'* I said, "try-try to remember me." A ghost of the old puzzled look came into her eyes j she passed her disengaged hand over her forehead; and then, without a word, turned away and entered the house. (TO BB CONTINUED.) Lady Lonsdalo has set a fashion in London of wearing a corduroy cutaway morning coat, 