CHAPTER XIX A FEABFUL OBDBAI,, Buth lifted her bead with a strange composure, and her eyes?sought Edith Darringtan's face. There are times in our lives when we seem to live years in a brief space-when the experience of an age seems crowded into a few fleeting moments. Tbe few mo. ments which had elapsed since Edith's abrupt an. nouncements, were long enough to show Buth Car. roll her idol-shattered, and only clay, But Bhe came of a brave old race, and save for the sudden paling of the delicate face, and the eyes swiftly averted for an instant, there was no visible sign of emotion. " You are going to marry Captain Vandeleur ?" she repeated, slowly. Edith bowed her dusky head and tried to smile. "Yesshe returned softly wondering meanwhile, vaguely, at the strange, narah tightening of her heart Btrings, " I am his promised wife I" Then after a pause. " He leaves for his regiment to-morrow. But Ruth-Mias Carroll-I am very happy 11 do not understand my own desire to confide In you, but my heart is so full of sunshine that I want to Bhare itl" "I sincerely hope that you will always be happy, Miss Darrington," faltered Both, bravely, trying to cover up her own heart-break. " I am sure I shall," returned Edith, confidently, be is so good and noble I Oh, Miss Carroll, he is the very noblest man in the round world I" Buth turned away, choking down the great sob in her throat; then she arose to her feet, and went slo- wly to the window. Just then the children came flying buck to the school-room armed with the cov- eted box of sweets, and the interview was at an end. But Buth was prepared for the worst now : that was some satisfaction-perhaps 1 And she knew that she would soon listen to the announcement of the wed- ding-day. Well, since it was to be-since he had seen fit to inflict upon her this ^deadly, irreparable wrong since be had chosen another woman for his wife, .he longed for the end. She wanted the marriage over, that she might know that the impassible bar- rier had been fixed between them-the bridgeless chasm which she conld never hope to pass. The painful interview over, some callers engaged Edith's attention; the children were taken in charge for a time by their mother; and Buth, with a wild longing to get ont-into the free open air, threw a white, fleecy shawl about her shoulders and ran down stairs-through a side glass door, out into the spacious grounds. There was one espacial Walk in the Darrington garden which Buth bad already chosen as a favourite resort. It was bordered on either side with tall red-rose trees, bending down now with the weight of their blossoming burden ; for, in that soft clime, the roses flourish all the winter. She passed on down the walk between the nodding roses, her small hands clasped convulsively together, her eyes bent upon the ground; her thoughts buBy, and very bitter. The sun had long since set, leaving a faint streak of crimson all along the face of the western sky, In an orange tree, a mocking- bird was warbling a low, sweet good-night ; the flowers were beading their perfumed heads beneath their weight ' ofjsilvery dew ; tbero was a moist softness in the at- mosphere which was Very pleasant, But Buth took little heed of her fair surroundings, Over and over, her tortured heart was repeating Edith Darrington's words-"I am engaged to Captain Vandeleur." What right had she-Buth Carrol), the poor gover- ness-to repine at the werktags of fate? Since it had been decreed that she should love this man, and love in vain, there was left to her but the one last resource for a woman's aching heart- silence 1 Up and down the long walk she paced, never hearing, never heeding the quick, firm footsteps com- ing toward ber. There was a sudden turn in the rosewalk ; Buth glanced up involuntarily, and her face grew white as the face of the dead, For there before her, for the first time in two long, weary eventful years, she Baw Captain Vandeleur 1 For â moment they paused there in ihe pathway, con- fronting each other. Too utterly surprised and over- come to speak was he ; she trembling with terror and a nameless something which held her silent. She darted forward, intending to pass him; that broke the spell ; he lifted one hand as though to check her flight, and faltered : . "Buth!" In an instant she had decided. They had net met in so long ; stranger things bave happened than mis- taken identity. Gathering together all her forces of courage and self-control, she turned a glance of amazementupon hlsf ace, It was a long, quiet stare of haughty astonishment ; then, with a quiet self possession, shs answered : "You are mistaken sir !" She passed bim swiftly and was gone. He stood gazing after her retreating figure, as though sud- denly bereft of his senses. It was incredible. She had denied ber own Indentity ; yet he knew, as ' surely as he stood there, that he had seen the face of his lost love-the woman of whom he had said, " I loved her, and I have lost ber !" What did it all mean f What was thia mystery which seemed to en- shroud Ruth Carroll and shut her away from his hoart F How long he stood there he never knew; he took no heed of the flight of time : he felt petrified -a cold numbness had settled over his heart, and all life and hope seemed dead ia him. A quiok, ringing step, the click, click of Trench heels, and in another moment his betrothed bride was beside him, one little white jewelled hand upon his 1 arm, her dusky eyes lifted to his own, | " Why, John," abe cried, lightly, " what is the mat* ter P You look as if you had seen a ghost!" He started shuddering visibly. " PerhapB I have," he answered, gravely. " Edith,"» turning to her so abruptly that she involuntarily fell back a pace or two, " who ia the new governess? What ¡eher name?" Edith Darrington's face paled slowly; then a defiant light flashed into her beautiful eyes. Ah 1 if she should have earned his scorn-if she must lose his love-she would fight for it to the very last. She forced a merry laugh. " Ob, dear !" she cried, lightly, " a new governess for Mrs Dalzelle'a children is such a novelty 1 Quite a perennial affair, that ! I couldn't possibly keep in remembrance the names of all the representatives of that much abused class who, in rapid succession, are in her employ. But-" with a little disdainful expression-" I believe the name is Carter, or some- thing like." Edith Darrington waa naturally a truthful woman. It had been the pride of her life that she was above the petty tneanneBB of even white lies; but the leaven of unrighteouenesB bad entered her heart, she loved this man so madly that she was ready to sacrifice her truth and honour for hit sake. With a violent effort Captain Vandeleur controlled all visible agitation, and offering Edith his arm, tbey went slowly back to the house. " To-morrow at this hour," ha said thoughtfally, " I shall be far away. Come in and sing ' Good-by, Sweetheart,' for me, Edith." But as they entered the music-room his face was very pale, and set, and stern, and his heart was cry- ing madly : " Rntb 1 Ruth ! The only woman whom I have ever loved. Loved and lost !" The cry which goes up from thousands of bleeding hearts, in secret and silence, and the world knoweth not. For, " We cover np onr tired eyes from weeping, And our worn hearts from aching. And travel on life's pathway all alone." And euch is life, all the world over, as we grope from the cradle to tbe gravtl And " a breadth of stone can sever two lives, though the strength of the world cannot unite them." What a clearing np there will be some day, and how we will marvel to fiad that the obstacle which we had thought a wall of granite was but a cobweb after all ! 