New Year There and New Year Here. " Le Roi est Mort, Vive Le Hoi" 1883, has passed away j and a new king reigns in his stead. We know what happened while the defunct year held sway, but who can foretell what may occur ere 188Í yields up the ghost on the 31st of December next? It is with such a feeling as this that the more thoughtfully disposed of the old country and this watch the closing hours of December 31st, and listen for indications that January 1st has begun. The joybells ring out in both ; but how diffe- rent the climatic aspect and surroundings. Frost imprints no fanciful corruscations on window pane, and snow clothes not in swansdown either field or road of ours. The brightness of a midsummer's sun gilds our New Year's Day and invites young Australia to spend it out of doors. To all lands the new year opens alike in this one respect - none have the power to avert the changes which it may bring forth. In all probability there are of us to whom, like our Laureate's "May Queen/' it may prove " The last new year I shall ever see ; " Then you may lay me low i' the mould, And think no more of me." Others may find it a period of happiness and prosperity, and to them " Slow and sure comos up the golden year." Bring what it may, the new year has dawned auspi- ciously upon us ; what it may develop, who can say ? how end, who can foretell? Ours is the present to make the most of, and we cannot spend it to better advantage than in striving for ourselves and our fellow colonists to make this A HAPPY NEW YEAR. We are indebted to a lady contributor for the follow- ing seasonable lines : OPEN the beautiful gates of the West, A chariot of gold is awaiting the guest Who, for twelve rolling moons, has been faithfully ours, . Has brought us his harvest, his fruits, and his flowers, Has borne us thro' trial, temptation and tears, Partaken our pleasures, our hopes and our fears. In mantle of crimson his bosom enshroud, ! Pillow his head on a feathery cloud, Smooth the grey locks of his labours that speak, Kiss off the wrinkles that curl round his cheek ; Let breezes of Heaven attend on his flight, Aud the chiming of vespers intone his good night ! Treasure the truths that his lessons have taught, Prize the experience his presence has brought, Cherish the hopes that at parting he gave, Bury his sins in oblivion's grave ; Lock up his jewels in memory's cell, Tenderly, tearfully, bid him farewell ! Then rest, with a pray'r on the lip and the heart, Till the portals of Orient, bursting apart, A pathway of light open up to the skies, Calling nature, in music and incense, to rise And proclaim, as the day-star of glory draws near, That the world is awake to another New Year. VENI. 