ECHOES OF MELBOURNE . :.','.. (Bt The Ghost.), ? Fortwonightsof thewepk the Legislative Council has been occupied with the bill for amalgamating the Wo branchas -of the legal profession. The usually monotonous course of procedure of that august body has been diversified by, the appearance at the' table of the House of two County Court, judges/ and at the bar of several barristers and attorneys, called, upon to give tneir opinion in regard to the probable working of the proposed measure., 'v As a matter of course- a great diversity 'of opinion wao shown' by the witnesses examined. Ons amusing incident occurred during the ex amination of one of the legal gentlemen. Judge. Quinlan was called by the sup porters, qf ; the bill,; under ? the impression thafc:he was in. favour of its provisions. The learned gentleman, however, expressed himself .., as , strongly opposed to the mea sure, eliciting from one of .the honourable: members who had called him before the Comaiitiiee the naif remark', .^'.1 think we have summoned, the wrong witness.' ;The judges of the! Supreine Court have' not yet pronounced their opinion. Their dictum ?when 'given will' go a long way: towards ! settlirig'the fate of the bill. ,'.' In'tbe Assembly the time of honourable members 'has Been chiefly devoted to the Land' Bill and the estimates, with' both of : ?which fair ?'? progress1 has been' made— thanks to. the policy adopted by the Min istry ; of ? postponing, all the clauses and items to which, objection is taken to some more convenient season. Taught by ex- : perience, the Government has learned that in nine cases :out of ten: fa 'r warmed;. up ' debate is never a 'hot one.', . The French have, a proverb .which alleges' that wri amour t rechauffe' ne^vaut ' jamais.'rien,'' arid' the same' may, be said1 in regard to a post poned vote, set aside for opposition. . In the majority, bf instances the items which if pressed, would have provoked long and tedious discussion; are passed sub silentio. ' , Honourable members, in addition to1 for warding the Government business, showed a large amount of diligence, no fewer than' eight bilhv being either introduced or ad vanced a stage during the period allotted on Wednesday to ' private business.' None of the proposed legislation is of an important kindi if the bill to abolish the present Officials'' in -Parliament Act bq'-excepted. ; Mr.OBentisdesirouB of opening the doors of both House's to placeinein--. Were, he to . effeot the object of his desire, it is tolerably: certain that before very long every oneof tho people's representatives would be pro vided with a snug Government ' billet'/ in addition to his '' honorarium .' Provi , donee,; it is said, helps those who help themaelvos, and most assuredly honourable members would dp their best towards on listing the assistance of Providence. ?,: Perhaps one of tho causes, that expedited business was the desire to afford .the. Scots Church Severance Bill ! its usual fort nightly outing. Mr Niinmb and Mr. rearson were tue only two speakers, the former ' orating,' against, and the latter in favour of the measure, Mi\ Pearson was at his best, and his speech displayed not only the scholarship, knowledge of church history, and eloquence for which he has earned a well-merited reputation, but a spirit of , moderation, and a desire to conciliate, with. whioh, 'generally speaking, the learned Professor has, not proved him self to be endowed. ,Thp debate was ad journed for, the next two' weeks on the motion of Mr. Mirams,and as tliat gentleman has a penchant for talking, it may safely be predicted that ho will . monopolise the entire evening, and thus play into tho 'hands of the opponents' of- the measure'by delaying the progress of the, bill. ' Whether those tactics will' avail the anti-Stronor party remains to be seen. They may eventtiate in a temporary.. victory, but will assuredly not ensure ultimate BucceBS. ; . No fresh cases of small-pox 'have been reported to the authorities, and it is hoped that the dread visitor has been finally banished from our midst. The hot,, dry winds we have been experiencing of late have, no doubtj exerted, a' beneficial effect in ridding us.pf the oacctlle to whose pre sence the spread of the disea«e is said, by sayants,: to be traceable In support.1 of this hypothesis; it may be' mentioried'that small-pox has been spreading^ in Sydney, and that up to the present titne our New South 'Wales ; neighbours have not ex perienced a genuine ' brick-fielder.' :Can it bo that the 'north wind' of Australia is! sent us to prove that what we deem curses are of ten really only, 'blessings in disguise?' . , - ., ,..,., jit- is not often Government officials— : especially highly paid ones— are candid, enough to admit that they, are unable to perform the duties of their office, and therefore when such a phenomenal oc currence takes place it deserves to. be1 recorded. At the commencement of the present week, replying to a deputation that attended to point out the inadequacy of the train accommodation between one of the suburbB and the metropolis, the Chair man of the Railway, Commissioners coolly informed the inconvenienced travellers that, 'he and his .colleagues found it impossible to make, proper; provision for the passenger traffic during the busy parts of the day.' This is at least candid; but it raises the question of the raison d'etre of Messrs. Speight, Agg, and Ford. Yet, another murder has to be added to the already long list of undiscovered crimes in Victoria. Ah Goon, a native of the Flowery Land, was found murdered and robbed in his bedroom in one of the most densely populated parts of Melbourne, arid there is no clue to the perpetrators of the deed. Despite the reward- of .£200 offered by the dead man's compatriots, and a similar amount promised by the Govern- ' ment for tho arrest of the culprit, the ;deteotive police, are still; at fault.' Most assuredly the Victorian 'force' cannot boast of a Vidocy as one of its members. , A somewhat sensational attempt at murder, followed by the suicide of the murderer, occurred on , Wednesday in Prahran. The victim of the attempt is a young girl some 16 years of age, who, though young in years, appears to have been old in iniquity, arid the murderer, who was about twenty-three, was not unac quainted with the inside ofH.M. Gaol. Love and jealousy ore. tho causes of the crime., which has resulted in a- dangerous pistol wound for Margaret Irvine, and' the death of Gustave Beyer. It will be seen .that the 'master passion', is not a monopoly of the 'upper ten.' Mr. Potevv Campbell, the 'Bush Mis sionary' and avowed ' Freethinker,' has been unfortunate in his attempt to achieve his liberty. Consigned to prison in default of findiug sureties to pay his twife thirty shillings a week, he en Ideavbured to persuade Mr. Justice Williams, before whom he appeared in virtue of writ 'of habeas corpus, that the warrant upon which he was held by the Governor of the Gaol was bod. While the nrnfippfliTirrR wm*A -nfindinp* a valid warranf. was made out, and the ex-reverend gentle rrian. is now safely 'laid by the heels,' ?with ample time to realise the truth of the adage onent . marrying in haste . and re penting at leisure. : j ! ??,;''; ? : After a four days' 'hearing in the Divorce Court, during which a considerable ainount of dirty linen was -washed in public, the suit of Belcher ai. Belcher and Mackenzie has ended by the jury— to ^-whom certain issues were, submitted — finding a verdict for the 'responderit ' and 'co-respondent on the entire casev' ..The' .parties' implicated do not belong to i thef' 'upper ten,' but the Court has nevertheless '; been crowded, .and unusual interest displayed in the proceed ings. Some very ' hard' Bwearing ftrast have token place on one' side or the other, the witnesses contradicting each other in a most point blank way. As the net result of the trial the 'injured' husband finds himself mulcted in costs; whioh amount to upwards of four hundred pounds, and sad dledmore firmly than ever with a wife he . has done his best to brandi'as unfaithful and incestuous. According. to, her own ad missions the fair one was not of angolic purity before marriago j ,b'ut the nuptial tie condoned ?? anti-matrirribnial ' pranks,'' . and the husband married the object of his choice with his eyes ppbn;' It'trarispired in. 'evidence, that ,thej honeymoon— w.Uch', by the way took 'place 'before' the' gbldan circlet had adorned the bride's finger was passed in Tasmania, Launceston being the chosen town, and the exact locus in quo the International Hotel, where tho then happy pair were known as Mr. and Mrs. Bell. , The moral of the whole un savoury, story is that husbands had far better suffor.tho ills they, know than fly to others they know not of,, and tho exist ence of which they only discover in the precincts of tho' Divorce Court. For tho ' first time in tho annals of Mel bourne,, Shakespeare (which according to a well known caterer for public amusement has been pronounced a synonym for ruin) is ' successfully being played at; two houses. At the Royal Macboth has given place toHenry the Eighth, which on Wed nesday is to be withdrawn in favour of Much Ado about Nothing, with Miss Genevievo Ward and Mr. Vernon in the leading parts. At tho Opera House, now without doubt the best appointed theatre south of the line, 'Romeo and Juliet,J with Miss Fanny Reid and, Mr. .Cates in the title roles, still continues to attract large!, audiences. 'Fun on the Bristol' still runs at tho Bijou, while at the Princess, where Madame Simpnsen this afternoon, on the' occasion of her final' ' and very last' re tirement from the stage, received an ova tion from a bumper house,.' Byron's evor popular, society comedy of 'Friend's' has' been revived, ' for six nights only.' . September20. - ? ' \ The gentle chronic dullness that gene rally prevades the red-cushioned and gilded, halls of the Legislative ' Council Chamber' has been ? somewhat enlivened during the .week by the examination at tho table and bar 6t the House of members of: 'both branches of the legal profession, called upon to give ? evidence for andagainat tho provisions of the bill that is to abolish the time-horipured distinction between the barrister and the attorney. Gentlemen who had been in by-gone days members of any of the many Ministries with which .Vic toria has been blessed— or cursed — were admitted within the sacred precincts so jealously guarded from the intrusion of the common herd by the Ushor' of the Black Rod ; while those who hod not enjoyed the proud privilege of writing themselves Executive Councillors wore fain to be con tent with a chair at the bar. For an entire CTOUlUfi, WU A1UU1UU1U iXllUUXU, WHO) IB 111 favour of ' the bill for amalgamating the two branches of the 'devil's brigade,' and Mr. -Townshend M'Dermott, who is a tooth-and-nail opponent of the measure, kept the grave and reverend Beigniors of tho Council in'.a simmer of .merriment while replying to the questions, more; or less re levant.propounded by honourable members. The Judges who were invited to 'attend have, with 'the exception' of the Chief Justice, no vr absent; in New South Walesj declined the invitation, alleging' ob an ex cuse their wish 'not to express an opinion' on- the1 policy of- a measure before Parliament.' ', Oh wise and upright Judges !' ? In the Assembly the Government have kept the noses of their, , supporters to the grindstone, which for tho ;? nonce is the Land Bill.. This measure has now passed through tho ordeal! of committee, and the talk is now orient the postponed clauses. The stream of oratory .has now nearly run dry, and next week will witneBB the trans lation of the magnus opus of 'the session to 'ariother place,' as members of the Assembly are, by the forms and usages of. Parliament, compelled to describe the ad joining Upper Chamber. : Mr. Bent, by a master stroke of policy to be credited to Mr. Service, has been in stalled leader of the Opposition. As a means of calming the, somewhat exuberant spirits, of the chosen of the Brighton electorate, no better means could have been devised. Mr. Bent, with his new-born honours .thick .upon him, evidently feels, uumu M\f auuiu idAucuu ivuuitvoac UVvvytJj uUU accordingly has set a curb over a tongue that may be mildly defined as, 'unruly.' Incidentally, during the discussion on the Estimates in the Assembly on Thurs day, the Victorian Army was brought into the field. Lieut.-Colonel- Smith denounced our militia as a sham, and roundly abused 'horso, foot, and dragoons.' Mr. Service, however,, hod prepared a statement which placed matters in a very favourable light, and the colony, it appears, may now con- ? gratulate itself on being in possession of- a band of citizen soldiers, of, a fleet of vessels, and a body of sailors, fully equal to repel any attack likely to be made by Russian, Prussian, or Frenchman. The weakest port 6t the'defence scheme is ap jyitieuwj' i' . uue ? arm ? oi . ca*viury. xne 'mounted force of Victoria, ossetout'in the return submitted ,to the ABseiubly by the Premier, figures as follows: — 'Mounted Rifles, brie.' The whole' cavalry of the colony is now employedin escorting his Ex cellency Sir H. B.1 Loch frorn Government House tohis office in the Treasury Build ings and back again/.1 Any enemy landing a large force of Horse Marine's would thus have., it all his own way, as ,far.as:that particular- branch of ,fighting men is. con cerned. ,. . : .,,,.;-;,,, , ?-.,,?;, . ..-' . -. The Divorce .Court has been fully occur, pieddurjng the ,week- and thia matrimonial tie has been severed in no loss than six in-, standesj only,', two' coriiplaining husbands being unsuccessful in' ridding themselves of their' better half. None, of the coses presented any features, of interest, beyond the fact that in every instance tho husband ?was the complainant, and that two of the suits- were ? brought under' the new Judi cature Bill; Although ' wonion's rights' are-—thanks' .. to the pertinacity 'of the fair sex Jin asserting them^-pretty well recog-. nised atthe present time, it is evident from ,the*j dgflisions of the -judges that ; the, right of '.' free love'] has not' yet been conceded to them. ''','.'.'.','.'' ' ??'. ?'?'??. !— . - ?? 'AfeWirionths ago Peter 'M'Airis'Ki a'far mer, residing near Lancefield, was found dead, with two gunshot wounds in the body, lying near his own property. On Tuesday William O'Brien, the dispossessed owner of tho laud, was found guilty of the murder,. -and sentonced to death without hopp of mercy. This is the termination of the first agrarian outrage perpetrated on Victorian soil, and it is to bo hoped tho warning conveyed in the fate that has over taken tho perpotrator will act as a de terrent to any jiersons who may feol dis posod to transplant one of the custoniB of ' Onld Ireland ' to our shores. According to present appearances the completion of the front of our Parliamen tary buildings appears to bo as far off as ever. Mr. Samuel Auiess, frightened by the hardness of the Stawell stone, has do cunea to proceed witn ins contract, and 'thrown himself upon the generosity of the 'Government.' Translated into plain English, this means that the contractor hopes his deposit of .£5000 will be returned to him, and that a payment of some .£7000 more will be made to compensate him for the unsightly scaffolding that forycars past 'h!as -loomed at the top of Bourke-street. Whether , the modest request will be granted or not remains to be seen. People, when ^dealing with the money of others, are generally disposed to be generous, and in all probability Mr. Amess, whoso hospitality when Mayor of Melbourne most honour able members have enjoyed, will not be very harshly dealt with. After all no one has very much right to complain ,except the Kalizoon Society, who have been [compelled to gaze upon tho un Bightly timber erection that has faced one of our principal thoroughfares for 'weary months and ling'ring days.' ' ', I The inquest held on' Thursday on the body of a young man named Herbert Richard Smart, who is said to have lately arrived from Tasmania, disclosed the fact that after all the unfortunate Bwain, over come by a romantic ' affection for Miss Emelie Melville, thought tho best way of cooling his passion was a plunge into the urisavpury Yarra. Tho letter in which he told his love to the somewhat ancient priina donna was neither a hoax nor an adver tisement, as at first surmised. Evidently young Smart was not. a believer in that portion bf the Church of England liturgy which forbids a man marrying his grand mother. i ' The master passion' claims yet another victim, the girl Irwin, shot in the head by Beyer, who subsequently killed himself with the, same revolver, having on 'Wed- nesday succumbed to her injuries. . ?'?' The death of Mrs. Pavne in Svrlnpv. which a coroner's jury has pronounced to be due to tho hand of a murderer, has caused enquiries to be made which have elicited the fact that, although she was wealthy,, her father is at present an in mate of the Melbourne BenevolontAsyhim;. And not only had poor old Stanborough', who noweats the bread of benevolence, a rich daughter, but at the present time he can boast of near relatives who drive their own carriage, wear purple and fine linen, and fare sumptuously every day. Are not those people who allow their- relations to be quartered in a charitable, institution as guilty of a fraud as a man who picks a pocket? - ? ' Fun on the Bristol' still runs at the Bijou, and no change is yet announced. ' Romeo and Juliet' still continues to. draw large audiences, and will also remain on the bills until further notice. ' Hand and Glove' is tlie name of anew comedy-drama to be played to-night at the Princess for the first time in Australia. At the Royal 'Much Ado About Nothing' has given place to the ' Silver King,' Miss Genevieve Ward and Mr. Vernon having given their farewell performance last night. .?-.... Remember This. — If you are sick Hop Bitters will suroly aid nature in making you well when all else foils. If you are costive or dyspeptic, or are suffering from any other of the numorous diseases of tho stomach or bowels, it is your own fault if you remain ill, for Hop Bitters is a sovereign remedy in all such complaints. If you are wasting away with any form of kidney disease, stop tempting death this moment, and turn for a euro to Hop'Bitters. If you are sick with that terrible sickness, nervousness, you will find a 'Balm in Gilead' in the uss of Hop Bitters. If you are a frequenter, or a resident of a miasmatic district, barricade your system against the scourge of all countries — malarial, epidemic, bilious, and iriterrriitterit fevers — by the use of Hop Bitters. If you have rough, pimply, or uuiiuw bkiu, uau uruiitn, pains anu .ncnus, and feel miserable generally, Hop Bitters ;will give you fair skin, rich blood, and sweetest breath, health, and comfort. In short/they cure all diseases of the stoinach, bowels, blood, liver, nerves, kidneys, 'BrigKt's- disease. J55OO -will be paid for acase they will- not cure or help. Druggists and chemists keep. That poor, bedridden, invalid wife, sister, mother, or daughter, can'! bo made' the picture , of health, by a' few bottles of Hop Bitters,, costing but a,. trifle. Will you let therii suffer? ( . . , . ' He that takes a wife takes- care,' says Franklin.; but Brown says that this is wrong— that he who takes care doesn'ttake a wife.' - . ? -?'. . . . . ' Superstition pins much of its faith on charms. From time immemorial amulets have been supposed to foil evil spirits, and ward off pernicious influences. ? The idea is as 'hollow and groundless as. that which attaches belief to witchcraft arid sorcery. Thereis no real talisman in anything that is riot' tangible'';arid riiaterial. Miracles atill exist, inore s in the ; wonders worked' th'ariy in the : rimrvel itself, and in this 'category strictly belongs Udolphti Wolfe's Schiedam Aromatic Schnapps. 