\- The Bemembrance of Christ. \- By the Bet. C. H. Spubgios. {From the Christian Herald) Thia do in remembrance of me.—1 Cor, xi. 24, TT seems, then, that Christians may forget X. Christ. The text implies the possibility of forgetfalnees concerning Him whom gratitude and affection should constrain them to remem. her. There could be no need for this loving exhortation if there were not a fearful sup. position that our memories might .prove treacherous, and our remembrance superficial in its character, or changing in its nature. Nor is this a bare supposition: it is, alas! too well confirmed in our experience, not as a possibility, but as a lamentable fact. It seems at first sight too gross a crime to lay at the door of con verted men. It appears almost impossible tbat tbose who have been redeemed by the blood of the dying lamb should ever forget their Ranaomer; that those who have been loved with an everlasting love by the eternal son of God, should ever forget that son; but if startling to the ear, it is, alas 1 too apparent to the eye to allow us to deny the fact. Forget Him who ne'er forgot us \ Forget Him who poured His blood forth for our sins! Forget Him who loved ui even to the death! Can it be possible? Yes, it is not only possible, but conscience confesses I it is too sadly a fault of all of us, we can remember anything except Christ. The object which we should make the monarch of our hearts is the very thing we are most inclined to forget. "Where one would think the memory would linger, and nnmindfolness would be an unknown intruder, that is the spot which is desecrated by the feet of forgetfulness, and that the place where memory too seldom looks. I appeal to the conscience of every Christian here: Can you deny the truth of what I utteri? Do you not find yourselves forgetful of Jeans? Some creature steals &*&y; your heart, and you are unmindful of Him ucon whom your affec tion ought to be aft. Somo earthly business engrotses your attention when yon should have your eye steadily fixed upon "the cross. It is the incessant round of world, world, world, the ' constant din of tarth, avrth, earth, that takes away the soul from Christ. Oh, is it net too sadly true that we can recollect anything but Christ, and forget nothing so easy as fibs whom we ougbt to remember? While memory will preserve a poisoned weed, it i off are th the Bose of Sharon to wither. First of all, we speak of the glorious and precious object of memory—'This do in remem brance of Hie.' Christians have many treasures to lock np in the cabinet of memory. They ought to remember their election—' Chosen of God ere time began.' They ought to be mind ful of their extraction, that they were taken out of the miry clay, hewn out of the horrible p't. They ought to recollect their effectual calling, for thoy were called of God, and rescued by the power,of the Holy Ghost. They on=*ht to remember their special deliverances—all that has been done for them, and all the mercies be stowed on them. But there is one whom they should embalm in their souls with, the most costly spices—one who, aboTe all other gifts of God, deserves to be had in perpetusl remem brance. One I said, for I mean not an act, I mean not a deed; but it is a Person whose portrait I would frame in gold, and hang np in the state room of the soul. I would have you earnest students of all the reeds of the conquering hfesri*h. I would haTe you conversant with the life of our Beloved. But oh forget not His person; for the text says, * This do in^ re membrance of Me.1 It is Christ's glorious person which ought to be the object of our re membrance. It is His imige which should be enshrined in every temple of the Holy Ghost. But some will say,' How can we remember Christ's person when we never saw it ? We cannot tell what was the peculiar form of His visage ; we belieTe His countenance to be fairer than that of any other man-although through grief and suffering more marred—but sinoe we did not see it, we cannot remember it. We never saw His feet as they trod the journeys of His mercy; we never beheld His hands as He stretched them out full of loringkindnea j we cannot remomber the wondrous intonation of His language, when in more than seraphic eloquence He awod the multitude, and chained their ears to Him; wo cannot picture the sweet smile that ever hung on His lips, nor that awful frown with which He dealt out anathemas against the Pharasees; we cannot remember Him in His sufferings and agonies, for we never saw Him.1 Well, dear friends, I suppose it is true that you cannot remember the risible appearance, for you were not then bom; but do you not know tbat even the apostle said, though he had known Ghrhfc after the ilesh, yet, thenceforth after the flesh he would know Christ no more. The natural appearance, the race, the descent, the poverty, the humble garb, were nothing m the apostle's estimation or his glorified Lord. And thus, 'hough you do not know Him attar the llesb, ycu may know Rim a'Uv ti e spirit; in fc'ii* manner you can remmnbe.* Jesus aa much no** as Peter, or Paul »r John, t r James, or at y of those favoured t n s rbo owes tr:>d in fli- f-nr^rp. :.v« ?;•-> i- 1 "i h ►krijOt lain their heads upo His »voin Ah! let us spend fire minutes in remember ing Jesus.*" let us remember Him in His bap tism, when descending into the waters of Jordan a Toice was heard, saying, ' This is My beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased.1 Behold Him coming up dripping from the stream 1 Surely 'the conscious water must hare blushed that it contained its God. Ho slept within its waves a moment, to consecrate the tomb of baptism, in which those who are dead with Christ are buried with Him. let us remember Him in the wilderness, whither He went straight from TT.*« immersion. Oh! I have often thought of that scene in the desert, when Christ, weary and way-worn, sat Him down, perhaps upon the gnarled roots of some old tree. Forty days had He fasted, He was an hungered, when in the extremity of His weakness there came the eril spirit Perhaps he had veiled his demon royalty in the form of some aged pilgrim, and taking np a stone, said,' Way-worn pilgrim, if Ihou be the Son of God, command this storm to be made bread.1 I think I see the tempter with tit, cunning smile, and his malicious leer, as he .held the stone, and eaid,'If'—blasphemous if . — £If Ihou be the Son of God, command that , riiii stone shall become a meal for me and Ihee, for both of us are hirogry, and it will be . an act of mercy; Ihou canst do it easily; speak the word, and it shall be like the bread of heaven; we will feed upon it, and Ihou and I will be friends for ever.' But Jesus said—and O bow sweetly did:He say it—'Man shall not live by bread alone.' Ob! how wonderfully did Christ fight the tempter! Never was there such .abattle as that. It was a duel foot to foot—a ■ingle-handed combat—when the champion lion of the pit and the mighty lion of the tribe of Judah fought together. Splendid sight 1 Angels stood around to gaze upon the spectacle, juifc as men of old did ait to see the tDnrnament of noted warriors. There Sstan gathered up his strength; here Apollyon concentrated all his Satanic power, that in this giant wrestle he might overthrow the Seed of the woman. But Jesus was more than a match for h""; in the wrestling Be gave him a deadly fall, and came off more than a conqueror Iamb of God! I will remember Ihy desert strivings when next I combat with Satar. When next I have a conflict with roaring Diabolus, I will look to Him who conquered once for a'l, and broke the dragon's head with his mighty blows. Further, I beseech you remember Him in all His daily temptations and hourly trials, in that life-long struggle of Hie, through which He passed. Oh! what a mighty tragedy was the death" of Christ! and Bis life too! Ushered in with a song, it closed with a shriek. ' It is finished ' It began in a manger, and ended on a cross ; but oh, the sad interval between ! Oh! the black pictures of persecution, when His friends abhorred Him : when His foes frowned at him as He passed the streets; when He heard the hiss of calumny, and was bitten by the foul tooth of envy; when slander said He had a devil and was mad ; that he was a drunken man andawine-bibber; and when His righteous soul was vexed with the ways of the wicked. Oh! Son of God, I must remember Ihee; I cannot help remembering Thee, when I think those years of toil and trouble which Thou didst five for my sake. But jou know my chosen theme—the place where I can always best remember Christ. It is a shady garden full of olives, called Gethsemane. 0 that spot! T would that I had eloquence,that I 'might take yon there. Oh! if the Holy Spirit would but take us, and set us down by the mountains of Jerusalem, I would say, see! there runs the brook of Kedron, which the King Himself did pass, and there you eee the olive-trees. Possibly, at the foot of that olive, lay the three disciplej when they slept ; and there, ah 1 there, I see drops of hlocd. Stand here, my soul, a moment; those drops of blood—duet thou behold them ? Hark them; they are not the blood of wounds j they are the blood of a man whoee body was then unwounded. O my soul! picture Him when He knelt down in agony and sweat,—sweat, because He WT. stled with God —sweat, because He agonised in prayer with His Fatter. ' My Patter, if it be possible, let this cup pass from Me.' O Gethsemane! thy shades are deeply solemn to my soul. But ah ! those drops of blood! Surely it is the climax of the height of misery; it is the last of the mighty acts of this wondrous sacrifice. Can love go deeper than that? Can it stoop to greater deeds of] mercy ? Oh! had I elo quence, I would bestow a tongue on evtry drop of blood that is there; that your hearts might rise in mutiny against your languor and cold ness, and speak oat with earnest burniog remembrance of Jesus. And now, farewell, Gethsemane. Bnt I will take you somewhere else, where you shall still behold the ' Man of Sorrows.' I will lead you to Pilate's hall, and let you see Him endure the mockeries of cruel soldiers, the smitings of mailed gloves, the blows of clenched fist", tbo shame, the spitting, the plucking of the hair, the cruel buffetings. Oh, can you not picture the King of Martyrs, stript of His garments, exposed to the gaze of fienolike men? See you not the crown above His temples, each thorn acting as a lancet to pierce His head ? Mark you not His lacerated shoulders, and the white bones starting out from the bleeding flesh ? Oh, Son of Man! I see Thee ecourged and flagellated with rods and whips, how can I henceforward cease to remember Thee ? My memory would be more treacherous than Pilate, did it not ever crv, ' Behold the Man.' How, finish the scene of woe by a view of Calvary. Think of the pierced hands and the bleeding side; think of the scorching sun, and then the eotire darkness; remember the broil* Ing fever and the dread thirst; think of the death shriek,' It is finished!' and of the groans which were its prelude. This is the object of memory. Let us never forget Christ I be seecbyou, for the loveof Jesus, letHim have the place in your memories. Let not the ftgrf pearl of great price , bo dropped from , your careless band into the dark ocean of oblivion. I cannot, however, help flaying one tiling more and that is, there aro some of you who can very well carry away what I have paid, because you have read it often, and heard it before; but still you cannot spiritually ri mem* ber anything about Christ, because you never had llim manifested to you, and what we have never known, wo cannot remember. Thanhs be unto God, I speak not of you all, for in this place there is a goodly remnant according to the election of grace, and to thorn I turn. Perhaps I could tell you of some old barn, hedgerow, or cottage; or if you kavo lived in London, about some garret, ,or some dark lane or street, where first- you met with Christ, or some chapel into which you strayed, and you might say,4 Thank God, I can remem* ber tbe seat where first He met with me, and spoke the whispers of love to my soul and told me He had purchased mo.1 Yes, and I would love to build a temple on the spot, and to raise some monument there, where Jehovah-Jesus first spoke to my soul, and mani fested Himself to me. But he has revealed Himself to you more than once*—has He not? And you can remember scores of places where the Lord hath appeared of old unto you, saying, * Be hold I hare loved you with an everlasting love.' If von cannot all remember such things, there are some of you that can; and I am sure they will understand me when I ear, come and do this in remembrance of Christ—in remem brance of all His loving visitations, of his sweet wooing words, of His winning smiles upon you, of all ke has said and communicated to your souls. Bemember all these things as you gather around His table to celebrate the Lord's Supper if it be possible for memory to gather up tbe mighty aggregate of frace. 'Bless the Irffrd, 0 my soul, and forget not all His bene fits.' Bib Willi ah Habcoubt in Custody —The St. Jameit relates the following excellent Parliamentary episodeSir William Bar court disposed of an Irish grievance last night (June 26), in the Honto.of Commons with much tact and. ability. Being asked by Mr. O'Brien whether it was the case that the luggage of two Irish members of Parliament had been searched at Holyhead within the past few weeks by .Custom House and detective police officers, notwithstanding that upon cne occasion they were informed beforehand of the nrjne of the member whom they molested, the Home Secretary replied that he could answer the question with the sympathy of a fellow sufferer.' He then related how upon his return from his late cruise to the Channel Islands, when leaving the boat in the usual way, wi?h a large box labelled 'Home Office, criminal department,' be was immedia' ely secured by the Customs officers, and taken into a shed. Being • a meek man himself,' he raised no ob jection ; nor did he claim the privileges of a member of Parliament or eTen of a Secretary of State. He produced his cabinet key and opened his box. His papers were then searched a chalk mark was put upon the bottom of the box, and he was, he added,' allowed to leave the Southampton Bock without a stain on his character.' 8o far from being offended at these proceedings, he was rather disposed, in his own person, at all events, to applaud the zeal that dictated them. Such, no doubt, would be the feeling of every sensible man. In the^ matter of searching lug. age in these perilous days for the explosive substances, there should be no exception to fixed rules on the subject. Dynamite plotters are quite capable of asserting that they aro members of Parliament or Secretaries of State, if by go doing they are afforded facilities for carrying into effect their murderous designs." 