PRESBYTERIAN INTERCOLONIAL CONFERENCE. -2 The fifth conference of representatives of the Presbyterian Churches of Australasia and Tasmania commenced I its sittings in St. Stephen's Churcli.»Pbillip-street, at 11 o'clock yesterday morning. The chair was occupied by the Rev. John Gardner, Moderator of the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of Victoria. The first hour of the sitting was devoted to a religious service, in which the Revs. Dr. Macdonald (Victoria), E. Rorke (South Australia), J. Lyle (Tasmania), and C. M'Culloch (Queensland), took part. The Revs. Dr. Nish (Victoria) and J". Auld, M.A. (Ashfield) were appointed to not as clerks to the conference. The' roll having been made up, it was found that the following delegates were present New South Wales. The Moderator (Rev. J. S. Laing), Revs. Dr. Steel, Dr. .Gonkio, Dr. Moore White, J. M. Ross. J. Cameron, J. Auld, A. Gardiner, G. Mociones. T. E. Clouston,' R'. McKinnon, J. S. Paterson, G. Grimm, P. Fitzgerald, R. Collie, A. M. Tait, J. T. Main, William Bain. J. H. Craig, and William Gardner, ministers, with the Rev. J. Cope land, and Messrs. J. H. Goodlet and W. Neil, elders. Victoria The Moderator (Rev. John Gardner), Revs. Dr. Macdonald, Dr. Nish, li. McFarlane, J. Weir, A. Hardie, A. R Boyd M'Cay, W. G. Fraser, J. D. Dickie, J. A. Taylor, A. MacVean, J. Henderson, J. Fraser, W. H. Rolland, D. Fraser, W. Ross, monsters; with Messrs. W. Anderson, D. Fletcher, J. Baird, and A. Turnbull, elders. Queensland Revs. C. M'Culloch and D. F. Mitchell ; with Messrs. D. Milne and A. Raff, elders. South Australia Revs. J. Lyall and E. Rorke. Tas- mania Rev. J. Lyle. Some business of a formal nature having been disposed of, Rev Dr. NISH read the first portion of the report on Union, which was as follows- We. A fundamental principle of the proposed union of the various Presbyterian Churches in Australia is to maintain the present autonomy of the churches in each of the different colonies as far as possible. It has been suggested, with the approval of this committee, that, meanwhile, the various courts of the Church in our colony should be sessions, presbyteries, assemblies, and the General Assembly; that each colony should have its own Assembly, to be termed re- spectively the Assembly of Queensland, the Assembly of New South Wales, the assembly of Victoria, the Assembly of Tasmania; but that the Churches in South Australia and Western Australia should, for the present be united in one assembly-to be formed the Assembly of South and Western Australia It being understood that steps shall, as soon as practicable, be taken to form a Presbytery of Western Australia, which, together with the Presbytery of Adelaide, will form the United Assembly of these two colonies. 2. Each assembly will, for the present, have the supreme control of its own Church property, and its decisions will also be fined In all cases of discipline, except in reference to alleged unsound doctrine ; but, with the consent of parties, matters under dispute in any assembly may be referred to the General Assembly for advice, or for authoritative adjudication (as may be arranged by the referees), although they cannot be brought up by appeal. 3 Each assembly will also for the present retain the control of its various funds; but the committees having the management of these funds will report annually to the General Assembly on their progress and prospects, in the hope that their reports may eventually, and, perhaps, at no distant date, lead to the formation of general boards of management, having sub-committees acting under their direction in each colony, and to the framing of a scheme of thoroughly united and harmonious action in regard to all that affects the work of the different churches." He moved that they now confirm the principles embodied in those three paragraphs. While they would have an Assembly of Queensland, another of New South Wales, another of Victoria, an Assembly of South Australia, and assemblies of Western Australia and Tasmania, they would also have what was known as a General Assembly of the whole Church. That General Assembly might meet once a year, and it was suggested that for the present it should meet alternately in Sydney and Melbourne It was not contemplated that the meetings, of the General A assembly should always be confined to these two cities ; but that eventually it would meet in Brisbane, Hobart, and in Adelaide. But for the next year or two it might be desirable that the meetings of the General Assembly should one year be held in Sydney, and the next year be held in Melbourne. Whilst the General Assembly would have a connection with the whole of the churches, and supervision to a certain extent the operations of the whole of the separate aosemblifts-provincial assemblies he would like to call those although some objection had been shown to the designation of "provincial"-morder to distinguish between the General Assembly and the other assemblies. Well, each provincial assembly would have supreme control over the church property, and its decisions would be fined in all CSKOB except in cases of alleged unsound doctrine. All cases of dispute, misunderstanding, contention, or immorality should be dealt with by the ¡6r<poorive provincial assemblies. Some people might S'lv, " But you are giving your General Assembly extremely limited power, as you limit it to dealing with heathen mission, schools for the theological training of students, and any cases or horses which may come up." But let him call the attention of the conference to the condition of the Presby terian Church in the United States, where they had such a large body of representatives that they had to out down the number, and after doing so bad to confer on their synods the very power which he wanted to give to their provincial assemblies. Now it was true that the Press) certain Church in Australasia was not large in point of number, but it was large in point of territorial estate. He was afraid, for instance, that they in Victoria wire in comparative ignorance of the requirements of the Church in Queensland, and in like manner that the Church in New South Wales did not thoroughly understand the resources of the Church in Victoria. He thought that therefore they should preserve the autonomy of the respective churches. He believed that a time would come when the federated Church would enable the General Assembly to deal with a number of questions which it would not be advisable for them at present to adopt. He thought that when the population of the colonies had grown to the number of 40,000,000 or 50,000,000 it might be desirable to establish two general assemblies, one consisting of and having jurisdiction in the northern colonies, one! the other consisting of and having jurisdiction in the southern colonies. He believed that if they were to have an incorporated union, or anything approaching it, they must come lokuoweach other honoring the meantime, preserving the autonomy of the Australian churches. Of course those present were prepared they were prepared at once, he hoped to have thoroughly concerted action find one financial centre for heathen mission operations. He hoped they were prepared to put their theological schools under the supervision of a general assembly. The General Assembly would have to look of ter tho doctrine of the Church the purity of its doctrine and if it was to do so, it must in the first instance look after the purity of the doctrine of the Church as laid down in the theological halls. They had the right of what would eventually become theological holism New South Wales and Victoria, it was to be hoped that those balls, or theological schools, would be under the direct control of the General Assembly ; but if they attempted to deal with a minister or with property, the proposed General Assembly would find it was treading on very dangerous ground. The only point he would cause them not to touch at any rate to touch with a very gentle hand were the arrangements made in the respective churches for the support of the ministry and for the extension of the churches in their respective bounds. Rev. W. GROUNDWATER FRASER, Essendon, said that the report which had been received from the Presbyterian Church in New South Wales with respect to the proposals for the basis of union was indefinite. There was nothing in that report approving of any one of the proposals. Before they proceeded any further the conference should have submitted to it a definite minute as to the facts of what the supreme courts of the Church had said about the matter. Rev. J. CAMeRON MA., said the whole matter would bingo upon determining the power of this proposed General Assembly. What was to be the bond of union P The Church in New South Wales objected to giving up their name of General Assembly." They objected to changing the nomenclature of their own Church, as that would involve changes with respect to their property which would necessitate their going to the Legislature. They did not want the proposed or sensation to be called "General Assembly," as it would then clash with the nomenclature of the churches of the different colonies. Whatever name they placed upon it, let them give it such, a constitution as would not destroy the autonomy of the different churches, and then they would be satisfied. Rev. A. M. TAIT said that what they wanted was a committee appointed for the purpose of drawing up a statement showing at what the conference had arrived in the discussion of that question, accompanied by a statement showing what was required to be done. Rev. O. M'CULLOCH, Queensland, paid it would be with very great diffidence that he would support any proposal for an incorporated union. He felt that if they adopted the proposal to establish a General Assembly, and we have provincial assemblies, it would be almost impossible to preserve the autonomy of the churches. The distance to Queensland was so very great it would be almost impossible for delegates from that colony to give rogilla'- attendance at the proposed General Assembly. It was extremely doubtful whether they could draw a line between the General Assembly and the provincial assembly so as to avoid con- fer ion. The Presbyterian constitution was an extremely simple one.? Provincial Assembly was rather an unfor triM to name, which was not known to them It would, he thought, lead to great confusion to speak of the" Assembly of Queensland" and the "General Assembly of Australia.'' He c restored it would be absolutely impossible for Queensland to take her proper share in the management of the General Assembly, and, to illustrate his view, spoke of the legend of the dwarf who was married to a glan!. To his mind it was extremely doubtful whether the cumbrous apparatus would work well, and whether it would work well for the Church in Queensland. Rev. Dr. GEIKIE deprecated one Church standing aloof and then another falling off until there would be left only the Churches of Victoria and New South Wales to enter into the unfit,'. He must protest against the thought that, because a church was small, therefore it should not go into union with a en ger church He could not see why a dwarf should not wniMi with a giant. He could not we why a little man should must, marry a big woman it he had the bad taste to do it-(luiKi.hUer)- nor why a big woman should not marry a little man It was not a question of signs or of littlouLSii : but the question was, whether such a union as was proper cd wool?,' be for the good of the whole Church. He would be extremely sorry to think that the Church in Queensland would be injuriously affected by it. The proposed union would not in any way interfere with money matters or local discipline, but each Church would remain as ; it was at present. Mr. RAFF (Queensland) said the Queensland Church was not opposed to union, but was in favour of union, provided it was understood what that union was to be The people in Queensland were afraid that it was to be an incorpora- tion. He strongly approved of the first paragraph of the report read by Dr. Nish. Rev. C. M'CULLOCH moved as on amendment,-" That the recommendation from the committee on intercourse with other Churches of the Presbyterian Churches of New? South Wales (which was as follows:-' 1. That inasmuch as various views as to the nature and extent of the proposed union exist, the conference proceed to consider the same, and the question of supreme jurisdiction and authority as preliminary matters first to be determined. 2. That when these questions have been determined, the conference do than proceed to consider the regulations suitable to the character of the proposed union'), be first taken up and Bottled." He urged that some definition should be given of what was meant by " federation." After further discussion the debate was adjourned until Thursday, and the conference then adjourned to meet again in the evening. EVENING SITTING. The meeting of the conference was resumed at 7 o'clock in the evening, when there was a large attendance. The chair was occupied by the Moderator of the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of New South Wales Rev. James S. Laing). The minutes of the morning sitting having been read, attention was directed to the fact that the amendment moved by the Rev. C. M'Culloch had been omitted. An explanation was made to the effect that the amendment had not been recorded because the conference bad in reality entered upon the course contemplated by the amendment, and therefore there was now no necessity for dealing with the amendment. Rev. JAMES CAMERON, M.A., acting convener of the committee on intercourse with other churches, explained that the meeting that night was not exactly for the transac- tion of business, but was rather a meeting to afford an opportunity of tendering a welcome to the distinguished brothers who had come from the other colonies. He hoped that the next meeting would be one under the new constitution which it was proposed to form, and the first Assembly under the federal and united Church. He thought things had a hopeful tendency in that direction. So far as matters had gone, it appeared to him there was such a consensus of opinion in favour of union that little remained to be done except to put their thoughts into shape. The CHAIRMAN. addrpssinpthoFO by whom he was surrounded, said Brethren of the Presbyterian name from the sister Churches of Australia, the agreeable duty devolves upon inn of offering to you a cordial welcome in the name of the Presbyterian Church of New South Wales. We rejoice to meet so many representatives of the Church of Victoria brethren who occupy influential positions in the counsels of their own Church, and are deservedly esteemed for their attainments and abilities. We owe much to the brethren in Victoria for their zeal in this matter, and it would be ungracious not to acknowledge the vigour and ability they have thrown into the project. Ouremttst be a friendly rivalry provoking each othertolove and to good works. We also cordially welcome the brethren holding honourable office in their respective Churches, from the more distant colonies of Tasmania, Queensland, and South Australia. We feel inclined to think all the more of their presence here, as we call to mind the long and fatiguing travel of the adjourned TO this city. To some of us the recollection of former conferences is highly Btrree able. Woremembor with pleasure the hospitality extended to us by our friends in Melbourne ; the efforts made for our comfort, and even for our entertainment; but ment of all we carried away with us from former confreres, whether in Sydney or in Melbourne, a pleasing sentiment of goodwill and brotherly kindness calculated to stimulate and refresh us in our work. Similar hospitality will, I know, be extended to the brethren from a distance by our friends here, and I trust we shall all have reason to cherish the kindly feelings I have just referred to. It does not devolve upon me to say much as to the actual business of the conference, or to anticipate the duty which belongs to those who have that business in hand and who will lay it before you in detail, but I may say that we have surely passed the stage at which a free interchange of ideas is all that is necessary. We are now meeting in conference for the fifth time, six years, and it does seem to me as if now we ought to come to the point and decide without further hesitation what shall be our relations, as churches, for the future We have conferred, deliberated, resolved, and I might almost pay, done everything but act., Let us now put our resolutions into practice, if only in the way of actual co-operation rector, as I ventured to suggest at the conference, in co-operation, we will prepare the way for the present duty, formation of closer ties, for I do not, feel sure that in this respect we have done all that we might have done. But we must do more, for before our purpose of union (if it be indeed a pur- pose) can be accomplished, there must be evoked that enthusiasm among our people for the object which can alone carry us forward on the full tide of success. It is, of course, impossible to say what will be the issue of this conference, whether we shall find it necessary to leave to others to do what we may not be able to achieve. but have had the heart to conceive, or whether we shall THIs able, let us hope, to determine upon such a course as will tend greatly to consoli- date the Presbyterian cause in the Australias, and through it to advance the kingdom of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ. This is what we hope for from federation, and out deliberations already seem to point to such a happy issue. AS my duty now is simply to offer the salutations of the Church to the brethren from hear, which I do most heartily. I shall be brief for a welcome long drawn is apt to be etc barraBsing if not wearisome and I shall conclude by saying that, as Christian men, we may rightly hope and pray that the divine blessing may rest upon this conference, that the fame cordiality and harmony which have characterised former conferences may abound among us on this occasion, and that the spirit of love and truth may guide us in all our deliberations. Applause.) The Rev. J. GARDNER, Moderator of Victorian General Assembly, spoke in an impressive reminder of the beneficial effects which should flow from H conference of the Presbyterian ministers of the Australasian churches. He then referred to the experiences which the Church in Victoria have recently passed through. They had had upon them the shadows of a very stormy tempest. They were still passing through the tempest : "line amid all those changes and through all those scenes there had been walking with them, as was the CUBO with regard to the Jewish children of whom they read, one like the Son of God. They did not read that those three Jewish children saw the One who walked with them. They might not see with the eye of sense the help under which they went forth with the help of the Lord against the mighty, but it was felt. Ua had no doubt that when the storm passed away, as he trusted it soon would, they would be able to ponder over that passage in Acts ix., 31-" Then had illa Churches rest throughout all Judea and Galileo and Samaria, and were edified; and, walking in the fear of the Lord and in the comfort of the Holy Ghost, were multiplied " We, give him the storm at any time; notwithstuntiingall thesquoam richness of the press and other ernie give him the tempest with, all its vividness and reality give him the tempest with its rapidly changing scones rather than the peacock death which had frequently characterised the Churches of the past. (Applause). they, 0. ÎA-CULLCC:: (of Queensland) delivered an interesting address with respect to the work being done in Queensland, and appealed for pecuniary assistance from the Church of New South Wales for her little sister," the Church in Queensland. Rev. J. LYALL (Moderator of the Church in South Australia) said that Presbyterians in that colony were strongly in favour of the pro-; god union, They were not afraid of their " big brothers," Victoria and New South Wales. (Hear, hear.) They had no fear that this projected union would do any harm. They expected nothing but good became of it, and expected that it would strengthen the position of Presbyterians in South Australia, and they in this colony hoped to bring some ooutriuutloiis which would help the Church as a whole. Thorndon would, for instance), instead of confining the influence of the Rev. Mr. M'Culloch to Queensland, enable him to use the influence he posal send throughout, the churches in Australasia. (Hear, hear.) The gifts possessed by individual churches would become the property of the whole ; their sympathies would go out through the whole Church, and would be of unspeakable value to every part of it. He might, say that they cordially sympathised with the position in which their brethren in Victoria were placed at the present time in reference to the Scots' Church Bill. (Great applause.) They would look upon it as a disgrace to the Parliament of Victoria if that bill were carried -'Renewed applause) and they would be surprised if that bill was not thrust i_nt>ininioiiHly out of the Parliament- (Applause ) UP was sure their brethren in Victoria would take cordially the expression of sentiment which had been given so heartily by that meeting. (Hear, hear.) There would always be questions arising in which the sympathy of the united Church would be of service to the Church in a particular colony, whose interests might beat stake. JJ n poison in the Presbyterian Church need over or be ashamed of it. There were writers in the press who spoke of it Presbyterians were bigoted, but he appealed to the past-to Buckle, for in- stance-to say if Calvinism had not over been a friend of freedom. (Applause.) He the best he could appeal to the whole history of the past to prove that Presbyterianism had been a friend of freedom. It was a Church which had learned to suffer for its attachment. The object of the union they proposed to enter upon was not disintegration, but strengthening, building up. At the present time them was in the various col uses a good deal that was standing in the way of disintegration. There was that bill he had referred to. flint, he thought, tended a good deal in the way of disintegrating the Church. There were other agencies which tended in the same direction. He referred to the evangelistic! americans which well the peculiar feature of the present age and a great many of which were 'OU'Iuoted outside their Church organisations, and the result of which was not always favourable to the strengthening of the Church. Rev. J. LYU: (tasmania) referred to the history of the Church in Tasmania. There they had not only storms, but tempests, and the Rev. T. Gardner had had something to experience from them, but was still vigorous and doing a very good work. Although the Church had passed through storms and tempests, they believed they had a bright and prosperous future. (Applause ) play. A. H. ¡STOUO (Invercargill, N. Z.) described the work of the Prtishvionan Church in New washed. Rev. Dr. GRIKIK, in speaking of the contemplated union, said the next best thing to being strong yourself was to get hold of a man who was strong. The next best thing to being a strong organisation was to connect yourself with a kindly vigorous hearted unity, and get connected with the benefits which flowed from that unity. (Applause.) A vote of thanks having been passed to the Speaker, the , ' doxology was sung and the benediction pronounced. 