r 13 Bititi j^sSe^s; Gflosx.:;•; r <'Ht|Bt;'••Skusm.Jeqb/:]:-;.-; «> j ie l^tYiiMeiLwJia"_dbarfie* Hbwara.t one of Arbound»iyriders onjflubba inn, wbefce I pntsajiis iaoiithi or io. ok the time allotted to me on this terraqueous sphere as a .jriv^tv tutor. It >raB shearing time:and ' there was'tffaH pbea at Nnbbfci. Two larfee " bnts" eaob ! holding abbot thirty men, ^resep|ed • a, UBPination for on* of: my charges, the elder of the three assigned to met^pd i<norathan<)Dee iI foond tbe^rnaht from bis boine "etudiei listening eagerly to the convention of the " shed" men, or Bhearers, as they eat round the blazing logs »fter enpper. or as we ehonld aay, tea, and told fearful -whoppfera about big tallies, snakes, gold digging, or blaoki, the staple enbjeots in an Australian Bhearers 1 but; ." .. :-Tbf eypping in question was one of,tho'se , Anstralisn jiights one must eee, aye, and feel to realize, and I was hardly sorry th&t; Master Bob bad giren me an exonse to walk to the tints at the oreek in searob of him, s'atoil fcn oj>bort&nlty; of smoking one of his • Vatbrt's H>i$an in the' gloriona Septemb er moonlight. , . .,-..••• A stroll ?rom the homestead throughthe paddook and on tbe oreek where stood the in.tin whiob, from tbe more bilarione and viraoions character of . its occupants, I expsoted to find my young oharge.was far more • enjpyable^t; tbat moment than conning over i leeionbookg.in the' preparation of lessons for the morning, or even disonssing the cablegrams m the previous day's paper (whioh nsaally reaobed tbe homestead abont the time we sat at tbe evening meal) with the " boss," settling the political affairs of the«onntry to our own.satisfaction, or, as we smoked onr pipes, relating, on the part of the " boss," personal reoolleotions of tbe palmy days of Ballarat and Geelong, and on my own part stories of the Maori wars in . New Zealand as I could remember, or. personal experiences of the Fifth Continent. Although these after inpper hours were valued for tbe sake of the recital in grapbio language of tbe history of Anstralian goldfields in the fifties by a stirring figure in that bietory, I was glad when I went out Into the moonlight on tbat hight to seek my "finpil.'who/.flooth to say, took advantage of "the oblivion to onr surroundings into wbioh r. his-father and I sank when we got fairly ' ntider- weigliin these diBonssions.or" yarns," to slip away nnperqeived to one or other of the ' men's fante . whioh Were prohibited plaoes. As l approaobedtbehut Charlie Howard, who possessed a capital tenor voioe, was eonolading one of bis favonrite songs, to the aooompaniment of a conosrtina, and I hhd reaobed the doorway unobserved, by all but \- one or two, in. the applause that followed the eong. in time to beat a warning voice call out to Master Bob, " Look ont, young 'no, here's tbe parson," and to bear Charlie's demand for a yarn from Peter Siriolair, the boss oftbe wash pens; Shearers in Australia eeinf loVave an idea tbat all tntors on sheep stations are. or have been, parsons. It is a sad reflection that many of them have ; r Tvprn the surplioe, wbioh a too free indulgence in the "Vosy" has deprived tbein of, but all private tntors are notnnfrooked parsons, and I rather resented the allusion, and r felt *t oqc'e jWjif itsbadj thrown a oold blanket on the exuberance of those who had dbpard it. . ^determined, therefore, amends by joining the iqotley crowd, and, baviog seonred Bob, took a proffered seat— ati i D Verted'-nail .flan—before i tbe blazing bark fire, and eeoonded Charlie's call for a yarn from th'e « boss" of the waeh pen. Whether tbe appearance of.", tbo parson'' :1am sure I did not look abit like one— hai ltnpressed 'Peter With the ; deBirablenepfl of dealing witirtbiogs supernatural. I capnot tell; but, at any-rate, after some little demur be consented to tell us of a remarkable incident in bis-own . life, and the truth of wbioh be* iitif "trilling to take any quantity of •" Bible-oaths on.'' Pipes were recharged and relit, fresh logs were thrown on tbe'fire—for even in summer time^hfe nights in some-pake of Aug. tralif .ere obiUvenongh for a respectabl^ fire, and'a shearers' nut Is Nothing ifiiot bright. ened.iy#e red^icheprinR glow, of tbe fire '' which provides tbe artificial light required as Vtoell esfcfesl,—and 'a " billy," containing' something'-etforiRBr than tea, was banded —round"ai"Peter ' cleared his throat and re sp'dndfei to stho y JsalM' ^ . . " Well, boys, I-aint so young as I was, j? Mvdnrhpt I«n- goingto tell yon happened : b «aore»yeara agd th*n ;I care to say,for as men get^lder and4ndi themselves - feind'er outcasts without chick or child with tbeyearb, t^lhtyttB «a ! litt1e'ariiibds as the womenfolk are said to,be to blow about tbe years they bave'ltfft ^behirid.' Anyhow, it was in tbe jearly dajs of Lambing Flat before tbe pesky Gbinkies came over, to rile us, and raise Cain gen'rflly. «' Wiy," old grizzly, that that mnst iv'b.pen Wore tbo riots, and yer couldn't haveheen no: kid then; Lambing Tlat wasn't no place for soft'uns in tbem tUys/'jjp^rmpfcd a grey-headcdijpld rous^- Mjout/#bo waB'Sitting On one bf tbe 1 bobs ' fireplacp,' and who i was the veobrxqupt of Old Methu- ^/iwitftt.' abont right therd, I wasn'tno obiok, but Ibadn'tl>een long out from" the Old CDOnUy.- '/Me nna r fSy mate, •poo? Wd,Sack 'HinohoXifib, who - pegged out ihSfjother day,"lit Cooktown, along of the -. icnrsed^fever'n «gae, bad got on to a niq'e . ambing'^t^un'^far^fromthis^ereirun'; D^ltM^nbdaySn those days^hat JAok and jne rode mr Jaera.after the pesky <.qioa|«w} Tin ihfcttaeysthere warn't many jnmbnoka -in T^is rpart pi ihe oountrjj, though inis run was carrying a few thoui^utnd>i*nd tof ^onrss, soon got to bnpw M-tbe rbosseS; in Jaotifcey joined as onoe'or •*4]rio£ih ^rtin/a^ong there towards CQota- •^bhara.^^ K^t^arboj were pjentiful here- T d h i ^lijSbijti^ anfl .the Urates know .good grais seeing as >iiow there's droves of 'em Klbtremdrt^'i • — • J r,A ^Well^the tutt belonged to some Sydney cove,, who .never showed himself tbis way Teiy'MIoti? •perit the 'chibk 'the run torned bim in wben : yoa f bbAld 4ee3ife for i^muoh'flow-a-dw/ for » fctobejr me for all that when the rhino's there," grinned the old fellow, as be-slapped bis .empty breaches pocket. " But I ain't getting on very fast with the yarn, you'll be saying. Well, tbe Sydney swell as owned tbe grass here had sent up tbe two young fellers I told yon about—tbe bosses of this run.. They were tiro young English oovet, neat and spry-looking, and they'd both learned to bake a damper, oraok a stockwhip, and sit a buokjumper without looking like ordinary new chums at that kiDd of thing. They'd been out a goodisb bit, and seemed powerful" fond of one another. There was no honse on tbe run tben, bat there , was two bark humpies over tbe rise there, just about 'where the stable stands now. The bosses lived in one of the humpies, and the only two men employed on the run, and the blaok mail-boy roosted in tbe otber. " I don't teem to mind the year exaotly, but it Was just before lambing time that tbe elder of the two .bosses got a letter from the owner in Sydney telling bim that hie lawyers wanted bim down at onoe; that one of bis-kith at Home had died and left him all bis squosh. '" You may be sure that this news sqrt'er interested Bill Fisber and bis pal, Joe Marshall, and it wasn't to be supposed tbat one would go to Sydney without the other. So a day or two after the receipt of the letter they saddled up, and struok ont on the Sydney road ; there was no railroad in tbem days, and Sydney was'a good 400 miles by the old track. In abont three weeks or a month the bossss were btck to Nnbba ; they were both in high Bpirits, and looked ai if tbeyhad had a bigb old time in the big metro'lips. Tbey seemed inclined to make an everlasting birthday of the business, too, and every night found them in Abe Donell's bar-room, down here to Wombat, and sometimes tbey got over to Murmmburrah or down to tbe Fiat, as (bey felt disposed, and often tbey were away for days at a stretob. I Baw them down tothe Flat mor'n onoe myself, and bad a drink at pore Bill's expense as often as I met him. " It was pretty well-known by this time that Bill had dropped In for • goodiah bit of rhino and he was just'the boy to make it fly. Well, one day, abont a month after their .first return to the atation after the visit to Sydney, and after several days ipreeing at Murrumburrah Joe Marshall rode up to tbelr humpy late a' night and alone. He told their friends (and the squosh had brorght a good many around) that he bad been part of the road to Sydney with Bill, who was going straight back to England to realize on some properly that had also been left him, and that In the oourse of a year or two he was coming out again with a young wife and would buy tbla 'ere run and settle down on it. In the meantime Joe was to stay here and look •after things.. Nobody doubted the story, whioh Beamed likely enough; and, if they had, there wasn't no lightning ooncerns in them days between here and Sydney, and only a mail ab ut once'a week. There wasn't many nalghbours hereabouts either, and so poor Bill and his money was soon forgotten. " One Sunday, some weeks after, my mate. Jack Hinchcliffo, and me had been out here past Wallendbeen on kangaroo and wallaby tracks and called in here at Nubba, just about sundonn, for a bite and a sup to take us on to the Flat. We bad some damper along with Joe, who told us aome new. Chiims had been otat on the run during the week prospecting, and that they had got tbe Color.' We talked the thing over for some hours, and Joe wanted us to stay and have a look at the prospects in the morning. We couldn't both leave the claim down on the Flat/and as we thoughtihere might be something 1n* it, Jack decided to stay till morning, and after a pnll at the "billy," and lighting the pipe I saddled up and rode away from the humpy and out on the road to Wombat. It wis close up midnight when I left the run and got out on the road, and a glorious night at that, for all the world like to-night—calm and still with a full moon. ' I rode along, enjoying my pipe, and think, ing over our prospectB and about the color being found on this 'ere run, and had got Bbont half way between this very spot and Abe Dowell's, where I meant to have a nightcap if I bad to knock him up for it, and if it cost me a note, when the little pony suddenly shied clean off the traok and landed me tn some cbeoke scrub; I tumbled up, and, as I bad not lost my bold of the reins,, led the pony ont into the road to look for tbe thing that had frightened her. Before we had got many steps she stopped, pulled backt and refused to move forwnrd. I followed the direction of her .eye and saw my old chum Bill Fisher sitting on the fence cn the opposite side of tbe road. «Hello, Billy', says I, I thought 