oatujField TEAEyrnsG ik)tes. fBT TBLBGBAPH. TEO1I OTO OOBE»SPOHDBITCV- 'WT^Ti'BATTTfiTTF, 'T/tTirR?1^ InCanlfleld this morniag, Jttr. S-. jBobinaoneent Memy Fenella twice round on theVgiase at a good,, sharp canter. iShenaishedupwithaBhArptalfmUe. Cupola. Who looks the piotore of health, was tneais»d_to.£hree steady turns on. the gi&8», ai^brashel home froa.tha^-ottom torn on the conrae proper. Tivian -was treated, to walfctue tsxercifie. Don Quixote did these mUa tarns\xm the grass. Capri (O'Brien up) cantered once TOtmd, as^rwas picked op at the mile post by Tissue. The pair ran a 'rery strong mile. The Cap horse did not pleⅇ the toots, anaieems to be a bit sore, bat will throw it oS. The ground a*rBi8Ja.rk is very hard. Le Grand (CBrion -up) was treated *oNairee*anis on the Band. The last was deua «t a -good, ww JBanter.: Sle-union [-with a hood on anct RjnVinbothani ta-) captea«ed onoe round steadily. Campitell next appeareawith- £lo zart, and Wongn. eastered ostpe round the oonra^ proper. Mozart jumped oft from tha *nQe post and was JpiBed^t the half-mile poet. The pair btnshed aloncr together. The former passed the post a leagth in advance. E. Batty treated umberso to a eharp ppiu pi flre JnrloogE-. On tario and Deceiver were sent two aprons; tarns on the inner-track. The hurdle racer -frentfrea and well. '£*fc«3y (with Ualone up) was the next to appear, am went onoe ronnd on the geass at a sharp canter. Thesecocdtnrn was done at half paee. Tately finished up with a strong ratio and a half and moved ia toMag style. This was the best gallop of the laonang. Eeid tsois tke next to appear. He started by siwunng Korfolk and the Ghost a strong round en the coorep pooper. The former polished off the son of Hamlet and .Hvatery rather-eaeily. Itancio (with Bryant), and Tippatty Witchett (with Blair), cantered up to the half-mile njoetend broke away. The former lad a lot the best of th £ start, bst the latter : answered the whip, and just managed , to set home. Grace DarlingandTnmaltetrode along; for a-,inile«ndii4ialf. The latter -who dise3-pointedfciatriende at MlatBrnsnck hadtttzee lengths the best of it. Bozra Burra, -v^ho looks a bit light, was treated to (rood serviceable work -tn-the sand. Hx. 3. G. Heywood treated Spartan, who lodte .big and -wall, to two strong; turns en the outer track. gHlderoy did useful work on the sand, Mr. T. Jones gsne Sir Samuel four mild turns on the sand. Melodious (with Blair up) cantered and finished np with a sharp! half mile. The Maribyrnong Plate candidate is in care 'buckle.' Corio lanus (with young Blair, the 4st lad) was gfiven fonr tnrns on the grass, and strode home from the, bottom tarn. Violet and first Pop cantered once ronnd. on the inner track, and then brushed along -or afoaTfarlangs.-spin. The pair finished together. 