' F.flHOES OP MELBOURNE .'..??? (By the Ghost.) The fast commg meeting 01 Parliament is casting its shadows before it. For the nonce these have assumed the shape of deputations from the country districts, anxious to secure tho advantages of rail way communication, with the metropolis. From 'sunny morn to dewy eve/' Mr. Gillies is occupied receiving relays of sturdy beggars, and sending them empty away, with the usual stereotyped meaning ? less reply that ' their representations v ill be duly considered.' Considering that the . colony is now paying some £7000 a year in the shape of salaries to' the Commis sioners, in order that the national lines of rail may be conducted on 'strictly com mercial principles,' it appears somewhat strange that the Minister does not refer his interviewers to these responsible officers. Perhaps Mr. Gillies would do so, but that he deems the adoption of the step would cause a loss to the revenue. For, unlike members of Parliament, depu tationists sdo not travel as 'dead- heads/' and an 'influential' depu tation must consist of at least a dozen local notabilities. The a moiint received in, railway fares, is per haps considered by the Government as a set- off against the loss of the valuable time of' Mr. Duncan Gillies, and therefore no check is imposed upon a practice, which, beyond affording country cousins an excuse for a trip to Melbourne, has really nothing to recommend it. As tho funds at the dis posal of the department are hardly sufficient for the construction of one-sixth of the lines asked for, and the immediate con struction of whiph is represented as most urgent, in the interests of the colony, the inability .of the visits to the Minister ought by this time to bo apparent. There are; ' however, no signsof'any demonstra tion -in the stream that daily surges against the door of Mr. Gillie's sanctum, and which will- doubtless continue to flow until the Legislature assembles ' for the dispatch of business.' ? Members of the Ministry when 'ques tioned in regard to ' the measures they in tend to submit ,to Parliament, assume a wise air, and preserve a discreet silence. Everyone knows, however, that they do not intend to imperil their position by in troducing any large question of policy upon which there is any division of opinion. Mr. Miriams and his tariff report recom dations are to be allowed to take their chance in the Assembly, and tho educa tion report is also to bo left to its fate, and the question of the over recurring ' griev ance' of a section of the population, shelved in an easy and comfortable manner. Ex cepting the Eailway Construction Bill, all tho matters to bo dealt with by Parlia ment during tho approaching session, relate to ' social' subjects, and are intended to make everyone richer, moro virtuous, and healthier than heretofore. Ignoring the teachings of history, tho attempt is to be made to affect all those desiderata, and a number of others, by means of tho Statute Book. The fair sex are thus — having by some uncjallant writer somewhere been likened unto idleness, which ib the root of all evil — -to come in for a large share of the attention and time of our legislator's. '? Sweet seventeen' is no longer to be al lowed to tempt frail humanity, the agis of the law being extended from 12, the pre sent age at which tho daughters of Eve are supposed to , become old enough to take care of themselves, to 18. Considering : that annually, according to Hughe's statis tics, some 400 girls marry between the age of 16 and 18, some even becoming matrons at 15, the marrying portion of youg Vic toria will have just cause of complaint if the intentions of the promoters of the measure are carried into law. Morality and temperance are further to be pro moted by the abolition of barmaids. Hebe is to be abolished in favour of Gannymede, and henceforth the bar-keeper with be ririged fingers and diamond-studded shirt front is, a I'Americaihe, to minister to the bibulous requirements of thirsty humanity. The Legislature is virtuous, and therefore no longer is our ale to be handed to us by lovely woman. Mr. John Wood, Mr. Gardiner, and Major Smith, are tho preux chevaliers who have come to the rescue. Theirs are. the names appended to the report of the Shop's Commission which recommend the extinction of the bar-maid as an institution. People are beginning to speculate in regard to the ultimate fate of the 2000 girls, who in Melbourne alono, will find their occupation gone, should the recommendations of these squires of dames become law. Perhaps tho last, state of these dispossessed damsels may bo even worse than their present one, and the efforts to be made to lead them into ' the paths of virtue' eventuate in conducting them into the facilio ' decensus that lead to the locality said to be paved with good in tentions. jar. James Mirams nas made tne dis covery that after all the world is not entirely composed of ingrates, and that the copy-book aphorism which alleges that ' Virtue is its own reward,' can bo mate rially improved upon. Tho reward of the honourable gentleman's virtue has taken the form of a silver tea and coffee service, which was presented to the diminutive member by his constituents on Monday last. In returning thanks for the gift, Mr. Mirams told his audience that had he been less outspoken, he would long ere this have achieved the position of a Minister of the Crown. Perhaps the representative of Collingwood spoke the truth, for a wiser man than even Mr. Mirams has said that though speech is silvern, silence is golden. It is to be hoped, however, that now he has made the discovery, he will profit by it. But who was ever taught by experi ence? Certainly the recipient of the testimonial does not intend to lay the lesson to heart ? For he has already, in anticipation of the meeting of Parliament, affixed his name to one of the seats on the front Opposition benches, whence his oratory — 'words, words, words' — will.be hurled at his Ministerial opponents. An exemplification of the saying that ' one fool makes many,' was afforded by the proceedings of a number of frightened individuals on Monday, who because some silly bookmaker on the racecourse made some remark aneht the value of . one of its notes, rushed to the -London Chartered Bank' on its doors being thrown open in the morning, and demanded gold for their paper promises to pay. .Fortunately the panic did not spread, and before noon the common sense of the community had asserted itself.. The 'run' eventuated in some £12,000 in notes being converted into coin at the head office and the country branches. At four o'clock the balances showed that more had been paid in during the day than had been withdrawn. While the Melbourne Presbytery is making wry faces over the leek which it will doubtless swallow, Mr. Strong, over the issue of whose certificate they are haggling, is being made much of in his own country. The Christian World, a journal which perhaps even Professor Recitoul will allow is neither heterodox nor Unitarian, under the heading of ' Ecclesiastical Notes,' thus writes 1 — 'Mr. Strong has returned to this country, where he has received a warm welcome from members of the establishment who sympathise with his advanced tendencies. It is not improbable he may find the atmo sphere of the Scottish kirk' inore congenial to his views than that of the Presbyterian Church in Victoria.' Does' it not strike the reverend gentlemen who assemble in Collins-street to listen to the tittle tattle of the omnibus, as somewhat strange that the gentleman, they have driven ' away should be welcomed by men of thec highest eminence in Scotland professing the same creed as themselves ! Do they ever realise the anomaly of a number of .third' and fourth rate men, who as far at all event's as the'interests of true religion are concerrie^d, 'left their country for their country's good/' arid who tolerate nothing- beyond their own narrow view, sitting in judg ment on one so. much their intellectual superior ?' If they do not, there are thousands of people who do, and who, moreover, don't mistake a display of envy, hatred, and malice and all uncharit ableness for zeal in the cause of tho Maker they profess to serve. Out of evil good often arises, and even tho Kensington Hill ' job ' is acting as a sort of Deus ex machina, and extricating the Government from the threatened trouble , of the unemployed. Mr. Deakin, the Minister of Public Works, has promised a deputation to accept a tender from working men for cutting down the hill, provided such tender be the lowest, without requir ing the usual deposit. Great is the work ing man of Victoria ; greater in his way than Diana of the Ephesians. 1 f A recent decision pronounced by Lord Colorige in one of the English Law Courts has caused unmitigated joy in the barracks of the Salvation Army. His Lordship, has declared the processions through the streets indulged' in by General Booth's soldiers to be perfectly legal, and any by laws forbidding them, framed by muni cipal authorities, ultra-vires. It is rumoured that proceedings are at once to be taken in the colony to havo certain convictions at Sandhurst, Collingwood, and other places set aside, and that hence forth the police are to bo forcibly resisted in any attempts they may make topreserve the thoroughfares of our towns and cities for the use of their ordinary occupants. It was generally expected that, with the advent of the Railway Commissioners, the days of official toadyism to ' the powers that be ' would be brought to an end. It appears, however, that this hope is de lusive, and that Messrs. Speight, Ford, and Agg are as anxious to placate mem bers of Parliament as were any of their predecessors. An order has been issued by these gentlemen, prohibiting any one travelling in the guard van of passenger trains, 'excepting members' of Parlia ment.'' The reason assigned forthb.pro mullgation of the ukase is that the guard's attention is apt to be distracted from his duties by thopresence of passengers.in his van, and additional dangor to the travel ling public to follow this relaxation of vigilance. If this be tho case, why should the public be wilfully forced torun any greater dangers than.thoy are at the present time subjected to, simply to gratify tho whim of honourable members? Is the advantage of being allowed to travel free over all tho railways' in, Australia, not sufficient ? Where is the line to be drawn ? some of the heaven-born engineers in the Legislature will next claim to be allowed to ride on the engines, and, of course, to drive them ! The only part of the train in which ' dead head' passengers will not be found, - if the,. .Commissioners continue extending the privileges of our legislators, will be the dog-kennel. Perhaps the. omission of this travelling facility in their traffic regulations was an oversight on the part of Mr. Speight and his colleagues. . The production of ' Fedora' at the Theatre Royal not having proved the great success anticipated, is to be withdrawn in favour of Wilkie Collins' drama, ' The New Magdalen,' in which Miss Jeffrey Lewis and Mr. Alfred Dampier will sustain the leading parts. At the Opera Housei . the ', Old. Corporal' gives way to' Marie Antoniette,' in which Madame Majeroni essays the part played here some years ago by Madame Eistori. The 'Queen's Favourite,' at the Princess, still is deemed a sufficient attraction* and after giving the pas for one night to ' Lance Oldfield,' an original drama, and ' Cool as a Cucumber,' played for Mr. Vernon's benefit, is to be rer produced. At the Bijou, Miss Emilie Melville, in opera bouffe, at 'popular prices,' nightly fills the house from floor to ceiling. . , , ? ~a. ? . ' ~ 