The third day's racing of the A. J. C. ? Club took place at -'-Rand wick/ on the 18th April, when several heavy: showers of rain fell, which doubtless', had the effect of diminishing the' attendance.* . Tho ini tial event of the day,- the Two-year-old Plate, was appropriated by Regret, Bo lero, who was the favorite, being', second and jibtrtd third. ? Brown -and lfpse won the Alleged, Stakes, beatings Kathleen and tho favorite, Iolanthe, who occupied second, and ?'? third plaoes. respectively. The 'Wei* ter - Handicap fell 'to Rapid ; AimoV was second and Raven third. The Cumberland Stakes proved a good thing for Le Grand, upon whom 5 to 4 was laid ; Martini- Henry was a close seoond. Garfield secured the Foal Stakes, Honeydew being next, and ? the favorite, Salvo, third. The concluding event of the day, the City Handicap, fell to Little Sister, who was followed home by Jessie and Stockdale in that order. The fourth and last day of tli e meeting was held on the 19th ult., the attendance, despite the threaten ing aspect of the weather, being large. The day's proceedings be^an with the Hous Handi cap, which was won by Regulator, Archie was second and Aimee third. Empress secured the Place Handicap, Hypatia being second and Glencoa third. Iolanthe and Lord Exeter ran A dead heat in the Nursery Handicap, but in tho run off Lord Exeter won uasily. The Steeplechase fell to Euchre, Uhlan being next, and the favorite, Katunga, third. Le Grand appropriated the A.J.C. Plate, Sardonyx and Sweet William following him home. The free Handicap waa secured by Mirabeau, after a good race with King of the Vale and Stock dale, who occupied the other positions. ? A race meeting was held by the 'Victoria Amateur Turf Club at CaulHeld on 20th April, when the attendance was only moderate, the weather being of a most unpleasant descrip tion. The first event was the Selling Race, which was won by Tulta, with Queen Bess se oond and Lalla Rookh third. Yntely won the Hurdle Race, having Brenda second and Dawdler third, Vanguard, who occupied a pro minent position in the betting, fell during the race, breaking his rider's (Scobie) collar bone. Merrijig won the Glen Huntly Handicap, Meander being second and Lesbia third. The Steeplechase proved, as usual, exciting, and ended in a victory for the veteran Blackthorn, with Chrysalis second nnd Lizette third. Stampede fell early in the race, his rider (Malone) being picked up in an unconscious condition Buffering from concussion of ' the brain. The concluding race of the afternoon was the Aroiadale Handicap, which was won by Meander, with The Ghost second and Casta way third. The annual Steeplechase Meeting of the ?Warrnambool Racing Club was opened on 30th April under favorable auspices. The day's proceedings opened with the Autumn Stakes, which was appropriated by the favorite,'Staf- ford. who was followed home bv Shenherdess. The Junior Steeplechase was productive of many accidents, mo3t of the contestants either balking or fallin/, and leaving Gilderoy and Banyennng to finish alone, which they did in the order written. The Hurdle Race fell to Sir Patrick, Fugitive being second, and Wando third. Skipper, . upon whom odds were laid, easily won the Flying Stakes, Ace was second, nnd Little John third. The Selling Hurdles ended in a victory for Devlin, who was not much fancied ; Grey fish was second, and Cleolite third. Of the second day's racing the Trial Stakes, ended in a win for Insolvent, Jim Scandal being second and the favorite/ Little John, third. Banker, who started third favorite, appropriated the Hurdle Race; After Dark was second and the favorite, Sundowner, third. The Flat Race fell to Skipper, who started at even money, and was followed home by Irraleo and Trent in that order. The Steepleohase was productive of numerous mishaps, the result being a viotory.for All Serene, who won the same event last year. . Union was a bad second - nnd Governor an indifferent third j Jack Scandal, the favorite, being nowhere. Barley Bree won the Flat Race, Little Nell being next and My Lord third. The day's proceedings closed with the Selling Steeple chase, which went to King of Trumps, who was the only horse to get over the country. A very attractive race meeting was held at Elsternwiek Park on Saturday 3rd May, and as the weather was delightful a large number of visitors were present during the day. The proceedings commenced with a novelty in the shape of a pair match between the .trotting horses Maid of Mona and Sylph, and Brown Hawk and Sparrow Hawk, the result being a de cisive victory for the former pair, who dis tanced their opponents. The Free For All Trotters or Pacers was appropriated by the favorite, Honesty, who travelled in splendid Btyle and never broke once. Leithamstead was second and Oliver next,. Lon Rose beinir last. Only two started for the Two-year-old Soiling Stake, which fell to Tulta, who easily vanquished Calomel. The winner was sub sequently .bought by Mr.' Macklin for £1,05. Ned Kelly anJ Equity ware heavily backed for the Hurdle Race, which, however, wan won easily by Merrymaid, Equity being second and Zanga third. Phantom secured the Welter Race after a fine finish with Cupola; The Ghost, who was most fancied, being nowhere. Knowledge, who was the favorite for the Selling Race, was caught in the last few strides and beaten by Saxon, who came with a great run at the finish. The concluding event of the day, the Klsternwiok Park Handicap, provod a good thing for Lesbia, who started first favo rite' and won easily from Phantom and Priestess, who finished second and third re spectively. The Autumn Meeting of- the South Aus tralian Jockey Club was inaugurated at Adelaide on the 10th May, but was unfor tunately attended with unfavorable weather, which considerably diminished the attendance of visitors and rendered matters rather un 'pleSB'antro'The'-racing.Tdri' the wh61e,;was'. not : interesting, the fields in all the 'events, except ing, the Goodwood Handicap, being smalh .The day's proceedings began with the Hurdle Race, whioh fell to The Agent, Ned r Kelly being second and Fictitious'1 third. During the race Euchre fell, and breaking one of his legs, had to be afterwards shot. The South Aus tralian Stakes followed and brought four two years- old to the post, the result being a victory for Gratitude, whostartod first favorite; Ravine was second and King of the Gipsies third. Hurricane and Killarney were the only, con-! testants in the Leger, which the former, won as he liked. The Novel Selling Race was ap propriated. by The Lawn, with Childe Harold second and victoria third. The chief event of the day, the Goodwood Handicap, succeeded, and brought 14 horses to the post, Iron master, Lord Wilton and Royal Irishman being most fancied: ' The first named got well away at the start, and going well throughout, ?won easily by two lengths and. a half from Bassanio, who was followed home by Country Boy. During the day the totaliaator was greatly patronised, whilst the bookmaking fraternity were almost -entirely neglected, baokers availing themselves of the longer odds, offered by the totalisator, through which a considerable amount of money passed. ' - ? The cricket season has been on the. wane for some weeks past, the only clubs in active operations being those engaged in the contest for the M'Lean Challenge Cup. _ This, how ever, was brought to an abrupt conclusion last Saturday by the East Melbourne, who with the South Melbourne are the only clubs remaining, in refusing to play any more as they considered that the season was over. How the matter will be settled is still uncertain, and it is prob able that it will end by both clubs refusing to have any further to do with the cup. . Football is in full swing now, and the various metropolitan clubs have been engaged in a series of contests with each other. On the 3rd inst. Essendon met and defeated South Melbourne by 5 goals to 3, and on the 10th those two old rivals, Melbourne and Carl ton, met, and after a tough struggle victory fell to the side of Melbourne, who secured 3 goals to their opponents 2. On the same day tho Fitzroy, a senior club of promise that has only started this year, played South Melbourne, but were defeated bv 2 coals to 1 . A wrestling match for £200 and the championship of the world topk place at the Victorian International Exhibition on Satur day, 26th April, between Donald Dinnie, the champion Scottish athlete, and Professor Mil ler, champion athlete of Australia. The match, which had caused a great deal of excitement had the effect of drawing between 4000 and 5000 people to the building, which was brilliantly illuminated with ' the electric light. \ The wrestling contest proved a most exciting one. Miller secured three Graeco-Roman falls, and Dinnie two falls afcer the Scottish stylo. In the fifth round Miller, in throwing Dinnie, broke the small bone of the left leg, and had to be removed to the hospital. The referee has not yet decided how the match resulted. Miller claims the victory on the ground that he secured tliree out of five falls. The articles of agree ment state that the winner must secure four out of the six falls, and as Miller, has not done so Dinnie claims 'that' the match is not finished. _ ? 