EARL SPENCER. i Tlie present Lord Lieutenant of Ireland lias become exceedingly unpopular in that country. He recently paid a visit to the south of Ireland and was very badly re ceived. The London TUor/h says :—“ The Union dack once more braves the breeze, if not the battle, on the Yicc- regal Lodge in Phoenix Park ; for Lord Spencer has returned from the sunny south, I fear a sadder, if not wiser man. The vox populi was dead against him in his progress, though a few loyal men wolcomed him ; and he has little reason to congratulate himself or others on the improved state of things in Ireland, where law and order prevail only when backed up by adequate might and reso lution."’ This is the World's view, but how could Marl Spencer expect anything like enthusiastic welcome in any part of Ireland ? He has done nothing to deserve it. “ ldarl Spencer catering for a rustic cheer and not getting it except from bailiffs, soldiers, and peelers (says the Irishman of the 13th Septemberp is a spectacle for a Queen's representative. TTis Pxeellency has been doing Killarney. and the Earl of Kenmare’s dinners, with the assistance of countless gentlemen in ‘ plain clothes,’ ” There was no cheering in Killarney. Thence he proceeded to Millstreet, County Cork, where the Dublin Daily Express says he “was greeted with derisive cries and • three cheers for Parnell " at various points. Land League banners and mottos were displayed.” The Irishman says :— “ From the Lakes his Excellency took a run to Millstreet, and there met with re minders that troubled the heart of Victoria’s viceroy. The black Hags hung out to salute the Earl were calculated to make a decent man angry. But worst of all were United Ireland's cartoons, which were posted against the walls. The ghost of Myles doyce gave his Excellency a ghastly greeting. His peelers were sent to deface the cartoons with sticks, surh unseemly sights as the spectre of the judicially murdered doyce being ton much for the eyes of a Lord Lieutenant."’ Describing the journey from Killarney to Castle Island, the Cork llendd says :—“ Earl Spencer was to be seen to-day passing by almost unnoticed a place whore in other times and under other circumstances he would he greeted with undissembled and unbounded enthusiasm. As it, was. not a symptom of interest was visible at his approach, and his march along was marked with the same icy reserve. Mot the faintest show of respect, not the slightest, desire to do him homage as the highest, man in tin* realm, was shown hv the folks who live along the route he elected to travel. Here and there people turned to look at him and his glittering armour and prancing steeds, and then pursued their course with the most vexa tious unconcern.” ()n entering Castle Island, the saint' paper says, bo was saluted with “ the sudden appearance of a black flag bearing the words, • Murder—Remember Pot! and Barrett.’ displayed from the first bouse la' met by Mrs. Poll", the widow' of him who was executed on the iblrd Januarv, lMSB, tor the murder of dames Brown at Scartaglin, the previous October. When the ominous symbol tloated in the breeze the crowd raised a sup pressed cheer and lapsed into passive silence as the Ford Lieutenant passed.” At Tralee there was no demonstration : of welcome. the people maintaining ;ihsnliite silence. From tin' windows of the Young Men's Society Reading-rooms hung a black llag inscribed with “ Remcm |,or Poll" and Barrett " and “ Remember Mvles doyce.” It is to he regretted that Rritidi idiieials are on such bad terms with the people of Ireland, hut so long as those ■ officials are the executors of a hostile and } repressive policy it will never he otherwise. | 2s"o people in the world are so easily im pressed with feelings of gratitude tor acts of kindness. They have been always remarked for a kind of over-enthusiasm and demonstrativeness and respect for the “ real old stock” or the “ real gentleman or lady,” but long oppression and repression have made them sullen and .silent, if not contemptuous. ■ Such scenes as marked this trip of Earl Spencer would have been considered impossible twenty years ago. When will their rulers learn wisdom ? When too late, we fear. 