A LETTER FROM SIR SALMON. GroBvenor Square, July 21. DEAR FRIEND.—We are very gay indeed juBt now, and quite in the centre of the whirlpool of society. Oh, dear friend, if you were to see all the gorgeouaness that surrounds me, you would open your eyes, I can assure you, And everythingBO recherche, too, and hightoned. At our ball the other night, which was fully reported in the society papers (how those fellows do worm out our secrete, to be sore), we had a most brilliant assemblage. Amongst the company were the Spanish Ambassador, the Belgian Minister, the Persian Minister and Princess Ehan, Marquis and Marquise de Moral, Count and. CounteBs de Florian, Marquis of Exeter, Marchioness, of Salisbury, Marquis and Marchioness of Abergavenny, Countess of Howe, and Ladies Curzon, Countess of Malmesbury, Countess of Kinnoul, Lady Hay, Lord William Cecil, Lord Richard Nevill, and Lord and Lady Auckland. Isn't a perufal of that list enough to take your breath away ? And the society papers said quite such nice things about me. I almost blush to write them. One of them said mine was "the best house in London for entertainments," and another paper called me a " distinguished ornament to London society," which is no more than the truth, although I say it who shouldn't. Tou ask me do I like ic ? I do, dear friend. I dote on it. I was born to the purple, and it comes to me quite natural. I am often quite surrounded by dozens of earls, dukes and marquises, yet I never flinch, never turn a hair. Affable to all, and a kind word for each, soon puts them at their ease, and we get on swimmingly. It's wonderful how short of money all these princes, and dukes, and earls are, and how graciously they borrow money, native and to the manner born. And another marked characteristic of them is the way they forget to repay a loan, quite a race of men with short memories concerning money matters. But they are Buch affable, jolly fellows that I can forgive them anything. Sometimes as I stand the centre of a titled throng, I almost forget that I ever was in Australia, and such things as sheep and wool appear to be vulgar monstrosities, as so many Banqao's ghosts at Mac- beth's feast. I Bhall never return to Australia—I couldn't stand it, I couldn't indeed. The vulgarities of shearing and ram sales and the like would kill me.—Yours, P.S.—Cannot you get an account of some of my entertainments into the daily papers ? It seems very odd why I should be ignored after all the money I am spending. Ah I they manage these things very much better in London. The society papers iare admirably conducted indeed 1 SALMON. 