Music and Drama. Mr. Luscombe Searelle's opera bouffe, ' Bobadil,' was produced for the first time on Saturday night. ; Itis in plot and execution entirely unlike ' Estrella musically lighter, but though different quite as attractive. The story is founded upon one in the ' Arabian Nights,' ' The Sleeper Awakened,' and - sets forth the adventures of Bobadil, a young English man, who has been ruined by gambling and is at the iucxuj ui -ui xuujcuiau muwjf 'iwiucr r vuj Deenng), who in -default of payment has resolved to - take Lulu,' the sister of Bobadil (Miss Frances Saville), and sell her as a slave. Bobadil (Mr. Charles Harding), in despair, amongst other wild say ings, . wishes he were Sultan if only for a day, and the Sultan (Mr. Wentworth), who' with his confidential adviser, Shacabac Mr. George Leopold), is parading the town in . disguise, hears the wish expressed and resolves to gratify it. HiB only daughter, Zorayda (Miss Grade Plaisted}, has also a passion for roving, and to escape the monotony of the palace assumes boy's attire and with her maid (Miss Blanche Leopold) wanders about. ' Bobadil, thinking her a boy, wishes she were a girl, end the princess is evidently chaimed by his devotion. In the first act, the scene plays in a bazaar of an Eastern city, for which a capital view of Eastern buildings hais been punted. Massive domes rising cloud high, the quaint houses, faint colours contrasted with the brilliant sunlight ; a gay crowd with dresses -of rau&t;^»fv|riety and divere fashiens fill the street withJrmtp and tloffifjg jfotjgale, and.frayfe^a merry tufiwuchorusiu praise of their goods. . Their ninguig^is interrupted by the entmice of Bobadil, 'whose fi»t#oh?,.;f'Poyfrty isa bitter cup,' is a \- , a ^opd ^eme, with a .dash of ?- melancholy-end bravo combined- The Sultan has the »ext aria* ^ Xou aoay be a Monarch,' and while he: retiree to_ await the return ofSchacabac with the «puite which ig to render Bobadil unconscious, the Princess and-her maid in boy's attire appear. ? Zorayda, in asong lamenting her rank; securedthe first enor°, ud weli the Compliment was deseryed. Soon she i$ joined by Bobadil, and a; very pretty ' duet, in which there -is _ ample scope for coquetting and area hjplay, is sung. Zt was charmingly interpreted, after * lull chorus, well sung, Lulu, the sister of Bobadil, has, & Brindisi song in praise of wine and . love, which is followed by a characteristic number for the money-lender, 'Seventy-five per cent,*' which leads to a ppirited finale, of. which ..the most musical portion is a tuneful, well harmonised chorale. The entr'acte to the second, jpbrtion is pleasantly written-*-a sort of lullaby— and the curtain rising discloses Bobadil in. the audience chamber of the Imperial palace, \- where .the Sultan has determined to gratify his wish and make hia the 'Sultan for a day.' A good chorus, ' Awake, my lord.' rouses Bobadil, and during his absence for donning the Imperial robes ' there : is a laughing choruB, in which , the courtiers . xidiculn the new sovereign. . ' A Monarch am I '' is the opening line ol ia song from. Bobadil in his new character, and on the entrance of Zorayda to. greet . . her father (she being in the secret) there is a pretty valse song and chorus, One kiss from thee. Scarcely has the puzzled Sultan taken possession of the Imperial throne, JSorayda being - beside him, than the Chinese Ambassadors axe announced, and there is a chorus -by the . Celestials of what may be -termed . their national music, accompanied by a grotesque' attempt at dancing. Their visit is to secure the hand of Zorayda, which the maiden is loth to give, and her feclings-find expression' ina beautiful song, 'Love me,' very charmingly sung, and heartily encored. Bobadil . joins her in a duet, ' 'Xwere death to live,' and. tbe real Sultan, ^finding his joke is as euming.a very eerioud aspect, resolves to end,. Bobadil'e- jeign. The mother and sister ef the latter have appeared, andnll are in turn sent off to sleep with an 'Setfening glass,' properly mixed by the Imperial command.: The entr' actc to the third act \- is .musically very amusing. The scene represents an Eastem house, whexeBobadil, the widow, and Lulu are soundly deeping. They are rudely disturbed by an officer of the guard, who. airests Bobadil as amad man, and he is transferred to the courtyard of a . lunatic asylum, .where some thirty demented creatures make the airreBound with- strange noises. - To this place, and to be.secnred in a cage in the centre of . the yard, the Sultan of a day iB Bent. Before entering his prison, he has one of the finest songs in the opera, which he rendered in such a brilliant 6tyie as to win a warm encore, the whole house .ringing with applause. . TheSultan, not quite content with his conduct to Bobadil, visits the mad house, disguised as a street musician, - accompanied by Schacabac, Haroun, and ;Zorayda. In '^Mascotte' there ib a corre isponding. scene, but the instruments in this case are a drum, trombone, and .clarionet; while in Audrain's ?Opera, a . flute and a bagpipe were selected. The drum- is used with fair effect, but , the blasts . from the / trombone - are very ungratetul. Zo rayda in the prettiest of amber and black coBtumes laments her lost love. Her voice arouses Bobadil, who joins in her 8ong, to charming music, and forcing his piison bars breaks looBe and clasps her in his arms. A pretty septette follows. Then Bobadil recognises in the drummer the pretended merchant who has fooled him; he strikes him, andthen learn3 that the blow has been !iven to his sovereign, and death is the punishment. lie guards.are summoned, -and enter resplendent in rosy robes ; white cloaks fall from their shoulders, each has a golden shield tearing the crescent and star, and each carries a banneret with some mystic device. . The muBic to which they march is original and effective, one of the best numbers amongst a good col ^ lection,and the scene is full of brilliance. The parden of Bobadil and bis acceptance of Zorayda, followed by exchanges of tows between Lulu and Haroun and Schacabac and the widow.lead to the finale. The Armenian is ordered to inen&hiB; ways, and receives a purse, while in the concluding ensemble everyone is made happy. Mr. Searfelle was called before the curtain between the second and third acts, and addressed a few words to - the audience. All the principals were recalled after the second act and the curtain raised after the firet and second acts ; the principal ladies received beautiful flowers. The piece is splendidly mounted ; the dresses are rich in -colour and artistic in -design, those- for the second- act and the Amazon guards particularly So. Miss Gracie Plaisted's costumes are very bewitching. The scenery is appropriate in design ana colour, with a warm glow and- genuine Eastern look, and everything has been done hj the manage ment to secure a good representation . ' The orchestra played -well, the choruses went briskly, atid particu larly in vie'wof « firstnight's performance everything went satisfactorily. 44 Bobadil ?' is apparently des tined to long life ; the theatre was crammed in every ~ part; jthe reception of the piece was hearcy and applause frequent. The hydratmos acted pleasantly on the temperature, *ar_d all concerned must have felt that their labours -had won a thorough ? recognition fromthe audiepce. ''I:''. ' Th e good woik being done in cultivating the musical taste of Sydney ^by . Miss Woolley and Miss Ted)^ ha6|rtqnlBnt|y been noticed in these columns. In the recent concert foVthte benefit of the St: John's J' Church Orgah '^Piind j (Darlingnurst),_given in the Ne^HafeomC.-Hall, thiBwas emphatically demon strated. lhe: principal subject cf the concert was ?' The Pilgrimage ,^)f ,„4he..JlojBe,'' a^.cantata ; the \- music by Kobfrt Schumann, wedded to the poem of Moritz Born. The'stoiy isthat in-th&earlv; blush of cummer as the flowers were rejoicing in their beauty one rose-lamented her /stateand sighed to .be a mortal to Ipve and be beloved. : The Fairy Queen, who heard 'her lament, tried to convince her that love is not . always happiness unalloyed. Yet still the -flower persisted. -She Ab accordingly changed igto a maiden, - ' and hasa. flower given to wear as a talisman through her Journey -on earth.' Leaving her home amongst the flowfcrs. the Rose Maiden wanders. She is repulsed by : Martha; a Tillage crone, and sadly wending her wayjeomes npon a gravedigger busy at his work. ; : fie is preparing.a grave for the .miller's daugb&r;,&nd; arming in?the strangera wonderf ul likeness to the dead niaidgp jberesolves tointroduce her £d the bereaved : parepts. His plan succeeds so .well that Rose is adoptedby the miiler and his wife, and in timeis wooed aqd won by the son of the forester. Another short year finds her the mother of « babe, and then, having tested earthly lore and all its forms, she feels her mission done, and;, placing the magic rose in the hand . of her child, the f*ir young mother is wafted to the land t f angels- To a mind so deeply imbued with i poetry as Robert Schumann's, tinged, too, at the time With the mental malady which so soon ended his fart er, there was much in this poem to fascinate. 'W thin three m6nths the cantata was finished, and very soon - fierwards performed, its furm being then, ? aa undired on Tuesday, for voices with, pianoforte accos»^ft$it ; Qid alti^n^h a few,' months later j anorchestralaccD^animeBtwasproYjded, the'prj#nil foym is better adapted to thework. Bchumannintended this es a companion to his ' Paradise and the Peri. ' This work {Op. 50) was composed in 1843, was at once perfoimed in Leipsic and accepted as a masterpiece, ?and is, excepting the scenes from 'Faust,' S chu- rn ann's greatest vocal .-work.- Schumann ,thought that the materials for oratorio were exhausted, and , that a text of a romantic nature is better adapted fox a great choral woik, as allowing more scope for I musical display. In ' Paradise and the Peri' he ; produced one of the most poetical treasures of German muBic since the days of Beethovenj but here the choral is less valuable than the solo, portion. In the i ' Pilgi image'' there is a want of purpose and colour. The music has npt the healthy tone of the. former cantata ; the subject is too small, and the idyllic : treatment renders it -for more suitable for the study j then the concert-hall. Theie is much beauty in it, ! though of a dreamy, melancholy character. Occa sionally the genius of the composer rises beyond the ; subject, and there is en airy brightness which is very : chaiming. ; Such are the choruses : *' Why, Mill, j thou'iti looking bravely,' 'The earthly tie, ia hal- ' lowed,1' and the. beautiful dirge, 'Leaves fall from | the tree.' The solos for the Rose Maiden are difficult and numerous. They were undertaken by Mrs. ^ Gerald Richardson, - and were rendered in so : musicianly a manner as to. contribute voy largely to ti^e success of the evening. Miss | J.jBrennas, as the Fai^r Queen, sang with much taste i and skill. The tenor reciter of the first* put was j utterly out of his element ; his successor in the second : sang well, but requires more feeling, or, rather, the character -of the music for the reciter is in many places too monotonous for a singer to make a success unless with a really musical audience. ? The gravedigger's part was effectively rendered. ; Special interest was j given to the rendering by the illustrations in the form of. tableaux vivanU . These — niie in number—were designed and .partly represented by Mrs. John Smiih and Mr. G. E. Labertouche, with several ladies and gentlemen. The first , two were gproups of faixies, their' queen in the centre, when the Rose Maiden received her magic power; the third showed the Rose repulsed by the peasant.Martha ; the fourth, the Rore beside the grave being prepared for the mil ler's daughter; the fifth,, the miller and his wife mourning for their lost child ; the sixth, their adop tion ofthe Rose Maiden ; the seventh, the wooing ; the eighth, the wedding ; the ninth, the passing of the' Roe£, where, haVing given : to her babe the magic floSver, her pilgrimage is over and she is carried home by the angels. ' Lady v Innes was the Fairy Queen ; Miss Enid M1 Arthur, the RoBe ; Mr. Labertouche, the Miller ;Mrs. Smith, the Miller's Wife; Mr. Floyd, the Grave-digger ; Miss M' Arthur, Martha ; Mr. Justin M'Carthy, Max, the' lover; and a number of ladies and gentlemen made up the groups of ftfiries and mortals. The posing, costumes, and general arrangements were artistic and very pleasing. Space does not permit details, but the first, fourth, fifth, sixth, and ninth were specially effective ; the miller and bis wife the most picturesque of all. In the part preceding the Pilgrimage Miss Woolley and MiES Pedley played two movements of Beethoven's Sonata in A major, in which the violin was less suc cessful than usual, due, doubtless, to the exertion and excitement of the preparation ; it is haTdlv fair to herself for ah artist tb be at the same time directreBS and soloist, though the fine rendering of Pinsuti's noble song, 'Heaven and Earth,' made the audience rejoice that Miss Pedley did- not omit that. Miss Hettie Drinan sang Blumenthals ' Sunshine and Rain,' and both ladies were warmly encored. The St. Cecilia choir sang the female choruses in good style, and one of the moBt difficult was perhaps £the most enjoyable number of the cantata. The programmes were specially elaborate. On the title-page'the muse of Music was represented surmounting a four-sided figure, supported by Corin thian columns. Onthe base wereinscribed the names of six of the great masters— Mendelssohn, Schumann, Wagner in the upper row ; Haydn,. B eetho ven, Mozart beiow, — an arrangement difficult of explanation. Each of the lower trie would st&nd; above the other three, and Mendelssohn and Wagner would each disclaim companionship' with the other. Within^ the space on a banneret the patrons of the concert, the date, object, and directresses were recorded. The in6ide - pages contained interesting details of the cantata, and in addition books of the words weTe furnished, with much valuableinforma tion. The hall was well filled, the audience including L&dy; Augustus Loftus, with a large party from Government House, the Primate and Mrs; Barry,, and a brilliant assembly of distinguished persons. The performers were much applauded, and tbe ladies upon whom the burden of preparation fell must have been gratified at the successful result. The Rev. Mr. Pain specially thanked the promoters and workers. The organ fund will doubtless benefit largely by the result. ? . . Herr and Madame Yogrich gave their fifth soiree on Tuesday evening in the Old Masonic Hall. The programme included the second movement of Schu bert's; D Minor Quartet ; the largo and presto of Beethoven's trio (op. 70), -for pianoforte, violin, and 'cello ; the Sonata Appassionato of Beethoven; polonnaise, Vogrich^ ' Valse Caprice,'' Rubinstein ; three solos by Madame Yogrich — 'Convien par tir,' ' Daughter of the Regiment ' {Donizetti) ; ' Jewel Song,' ** Faust' (Gounod); and serenade with -piano and Etring Accompaniment, (Schubert), ' the last being received - with ~ the greatest enthusiasm and encored ; and Raff's cavatina for . violin. The whole of the music was interpreted inc excellent style; the serenade and the Beethoven trio were the only novelties ; the playing of the latter was highly artiBtic, and the weird .character of the largo justifies its Sobriquet of : . ' Ghost.'' Pressure on the space available prevents a detailed account of what was a highly interesting ^ and' instructive concert. M. Edouard Remenyi continued' his triumph at the . Opera- house until' ^Friday last, when ' that build ing being ho . longer available, he migrated to the New' Masonic Hall, and has there been received with the aaipe. furore which has attended him throughout his season. On Tues day his Excellency the Governor and Lady Augustus Loftus were present, and fully shared in -the en thusiasm of the audience. The great artist played the ' Sonata CI Minor,' a celebrated composition by Tartini (1692-1770), never before heard in Sydney; the Rondo ' Pap'ageno,' Ernst, and for the first time The 'HarmoniouB Blackwhith,* ' with variations (Ban- . dd, .1665-1759), and one^ the seeond, being expresdy 1 compcPfd for the concert. The elaborate -counteippmt and massive harmony of this contrasted finely with the flageolet notes of the succeeding one. The florid passages of the last variation were .wonderfully given. The Tartini sonata was harmonised for , piano by L.~ A. Zollner, in Vienna, some 12 |years ago. This version was used for the piano, and was greatly' appreciated. . M. Remenyi's popularity in creases, and while he tickles the popular ear and eye by playing certain airs and displaying astonishing and sometimes eccentric technique, he asserts his affinity with and appreciation of the greatest artists by his selections from and interpretations of their works. He has already given more than 50 different solos, which have been largely taken fram the classics of Mozart, Mendelssohn, Schubert, aud taiibn has pv^^ fefclh a new ct^k? t)n \- occasions, four^ five, and six pieces have been given as encores, and were the whole performances detailed and fof'- effect upon the audience the vocabulary of superlatives would be exhausted ; want of space alone limits the notice. ? The Theatre I^oyal on Saturday last revived the '» Lancashire L&ss.;' 1 The chief pbiots deserving comment are the admirable scenery painted by Mr. George Gordon, which is realistic and effective in the highest degree, and Mr. J. R. Greville's re appearance as 'a party by thername of Johnson.' Tbe piece goes very smoothly, and is well appreciated. At the Gaiety Mr. Grattan Riggs on Saturday appeared in 'The. Fairy Circle,'. an Irish drama, played ior the first time in Sydney, and One which, affords good scope for Mr.* Biggs* undoubted ability as a delineator of Irish character. As the susceptible Celt, longing to relieve his foster brother, seeking counsel from the fairies, and sleeping within theinagic circle, while his soul, apart from his body, iB before the fairy sovereign, Conn, the cobbler, offers much to amuse and to in terest. Miis Emma Fischer, the. fairy king; Miss Ethel Adele, Ellen Blake ; Miss Maggie Oliver, Conn's wtfe;;and Mr. Jerdan as Philip Blake, are the .best in pourtrayal of character, The piece haa been well received, and with ', Handy Andy ' as an afterpiece makes a really attractive bill. Mr.'Riggs' season terminated on .Friday, and to-night tbe Montague Turnfr Company will revive Auber's ' Fra Diavplo.' Messrs. A. and C. Huenerbein having completed their new premises in George-street, gave invitation concerts on Friday night end Saturday afternoon last, which were lately attended. Selections of vocal and instrumental music were given by Mrs. Kingsmill Shaw, Mr. and Mrs. Harry Woods, Mies Fitzstubbs, Mr., Hallewell, Master Watson, Mr. M'Mahon, and Mr. Charles Huenerbein. The leng pianoforte saloon was tastefully decorated with ferns and flowers, the music was all most creditably performed, refresh ments were provided in the interval, andjhe enter tainments patscd off very pleasantly. From Tasmania news-comes of the great success of Miss Genevieve Ward and- Mr. W. H. Vernon. In ' Forget-me-not' the impression will long be re membered, and the play of ' Mammon,' specially produced for Mr. Vernon's benefit, was so highly spoken of that the theatrical public in Sydney are prepared for a treat on its production here. 