WHEN WE TWO PARTED. By SAB&H; DOTTDNEY, Author ot ' A Woman's Glory,' &o.; Fnblbhei bj special arrangement with the autbo-. All rights reserved.] When we two parted In silence and tears. Half broken hearted, To sever for years.— JBtbon. Chatter XXXVin.— Daecy's Trust.— (Continued ) 'You are better,' he said; 'but you are very pale still. Have you been getting any rest?' 'Yes,' she answered, smiling. 'I have been as Iszy as you could possibly desire. And I feel refreshed; the air is cooler; we shall have rain.' He looked at her again and felt relieved. Her eyes met his frankly and there was no constraint in her tone. ' I have heard more news of that girl at Oskenhurst,' he said, after a pause. ' She dees odd things. This afternoon she drove up suddenly to Miss Koowle's door, and ratried off the poor sister— your protege, Mrs. Simpson !' ' Carried her off ! What for, papa ?' ' To make her a companion in the pi ice of Mrs, Gosse. Fancy anyone choosing that dismal little widow as a companion ! Miss Knowle laughed when she told me about it ; but I am glad if poor Mrs. Simpson is to be made comfortable. It may be a good thing for her.' ' It must be a good thing. She Isa t strong, and needs luxuries ; and she is so meek that even Zoe cannot find an excuse for scolding her.' ' It seenjjtbat Zoe has seen her In church atd has come to the conclusion that sbe will stand any amount of bully ing. Mi«s Kaowle evidently thicks Miss D?lmont a little mad, and I find that Mrs. Gibbon has industriously circulated tbo same notioD through the to-ro. But one oughtn't to laugh at her vagaries,' added the vicar, with sudden gravity. ''It is all too sad.' Kathleen's heart echoed his words, and yet she could spare a thought for poor half starved Mrs, Simpson. At any rate the for lorn little woman would have better food and rsicect than she had ever bad before. But later on when Daroj'a hands cl«ped her's, and his eyes sought her fa^e wra the old eager look, sbe could think only of him. It iB one tbing to resolve to give a man up when be is absent, and another thing to stick to the resolution when he is by your side. She felt that she could not doit ; everything muet go on as usual ; Zoo and her threats must be forgotten, and banished like an ugly dream. And then, rousing hersoif, sbe re membered the letter, and shivered at the ? Election. He noticed the shiver, and took uer face between his bands. ' Eaihis, is anything wrong ?' he asked. ' Do you know that you are as white as your arum Jily, and I can feel you trembling ?' 'Yea, dear, something is wrong,' she answered, with mournful truthfulness ; aud cb, Darcy, I have been wondering how I shall tell you ! It is so hard— so dreadful.' ' It won't seem so dreadful when you have told me, idarliDg,' he said soothingly. 'I an always to know everything ; you promised that.' 'Yes, I promised; but I could no's foraee what was coming, Darcy. I cannot marry you yet ; perhaps, I may never marry you at all ; and there is an awful secret that I must hide alwavs from ton and everyone. Ob. Darcy, I don't know how I am to face my life ! ' She did not rave, nor lift her voice hysteri cally as some women would have done ; but every word thrilled through him. Ha hod never heard any girl speak in that tone ; and it told him such a story of pent-up suffering and helpless woe, th&t; even if he bad never cared for her before he must have felt an irreEistible movement of love towards her cow ; and he drew her passionately into his arms. 'Esthle, wbat are you saying? Do you suppose I would let an j thing on earth part us no* 1' His voice in its masculine strength and full ness suddenly inspired her with a new hope, which died a moment later. What could he dc— what , could anyone do against the weak creature who held their destiny in her hands ? If the did verily tell him all, he would go to Oakenhurst, and argue or entreat in vain. Any appeal to Zoe would oniy confirm her consciousness of power. Nothing would please her more than Darcy'a pleadings; nothing would harden her more than his angry upbraidings. Despite her agony, Kathleen had speedily ma^e op her mtad that her lover should sot submit to any use less humiliation.' ' Oh, my love,' she said, 'I wish I could spare y on all pain. The worst part ot my trial is that I must hide it from you. I, who hava never had a secret in my life, am burdened with a secret now. Another's secret, Darcy, not my own.' ' You need not tell me that,'' he answered, with a smile that comforted her. 'Butyoa don't think I am going to let you bear this burden alone?' ' No.' Her face lit up with sudden happi ness. 'Yon help me to bear it by trusting me.' ' And, Kathie, you must trust me to the uttermost. Instead of putting ofi oar marriage this secret of yours should hasten it. Don't jou see that I can protect yon from anything wben once you are my wife?' He held bis head high with a defiant pride, and his face took an expression of firm re solve. The girl glanced up at him vita a loving, admiring gaze, and said to herself that he looked: like a good knight ia a picture of old-world chivalry. But in the sext instant the light faded out of her eyes, and tb«y sank sadly. 'Ah, Darcy, itia our marriage that Is the impossible thing,' -he said, in a shaken votoo. 'How can that be r he demanded, wtth a slight ring of authority in bla tone. ?' Yon ?aid it was another's secret— not yours. How can another's secret part yoa from your pro* miied husband?' Sbe looked at him again for a moment, and then wrung her hands— a gesture to expres sive of helplessness and hopelessness that it was more eloquent than any words. ' It must keep us apart,' she said at last, 'because of that other. Oh, Dare/, don't question me ; be good to me !' 'My darling, you don't know what you are saying. You are not noed to conceal ments, and I am sure that some exaggerated notion of honor is at the bottom ot ait inia. Good women have a passion for self-sscrifise, but you forget that you are sacrificiag me as well as yourself.' She started as if she had been sharply stung; then sighed heavily. '*s if I could ever forget you for an list ant!' she said, with a sad patience that touched him, 'No, no. dear; I was wrong.' His lips fought her's penitently, and for a little while they forgot everything in a loner k-»«- 'Ah, it all cornea back to me again!' she cried, toying to draw herself out of hiB arms. 'You must leave me, Darcy; yoa must stay away from this house. We shall be watched, and spied upon;' she added, putting her band to her forehead, and speakiog, he thought, a little wildly. 'Sot another word of this folly, K»W» ;' he said, holding her fast. ' Do you think I mean to crawl away from my promt ie-l wife like a beaten hound. Your spies shall find they have got a man to deal with; they can't frighten me, dear, as they bare frightened sou. By the way, does your father know anything of this mysterious business?' She rhivered from head to foot. He felt the quivctiog of her frame, atid drew his own conclusions. While he waited pitfently for her answer he was calmly studying her face. She flushed and paled again before she epofee. ' He does not know that we are going to part. He must never be told thtt I am har dened with any secret' 'Then how will sou explain matter j ?' he asked. Again her hand went up to her forehoi3, end the bewildered look came into her clear eyee, ' I don't know,' she answered hopelessly. ' I can hardly think, I am caught in a web of difficulties.' ' Kathie, dear,' he said in his firm, quiet voice ; ' tfae best thing to do is to break the web. Break it at any cost, and speak the truth, no matter ho (f bad it is. If you do not break the web I must.' ' Oh, Darcj !' Her frightened glance wai full of supplication, but he met it unmoved. ' tTnlefs jou can tell me, from your heart, that you have ceased to love me I will never give you up. Never, Kathie. I shall come hoc ottener than ever; I shall hasten the preparations for our marriage ; I shall tell everyone of our engagement. Does this arcm cruel? It is the kindest cruelty, darliuf?.' She stood pale and still, feeling that against bis resolution she could do nothing. Aud chen, sudder ly, she chiog to him with & sob, and whispered good- eight. ' Gcod-night,' he said, 'but good-bye never.' The vicar came out of his study as Dircy passed through the hall, and asked a question about the weather. 'Bainirg a little, len'elt?'he enquired. 'It was too hot; I hope the change will do Kathie good. She was over-fatigued after her long walk this morning.' ' Her loBg walk? Where did she go ?' 'To Oakenhurst. Miss Delmont sent a carriage for her ; but she walked home.' Chat-tee XXXIX.— A Last appeal. The rain had come indeed. It began with -light showers; and then, as the night darkened, it poured down faster and faster until it became a deluge that swept away all the lingering bloom of the rammer. There was no thuxder, but only that Bteady down pour, and the air grew cooler and cooler, till at last it was icy cold. Kathleen, ljing sleepless through long hoars, felt the chill creeping over her, as the listened to the wet ivy leaves flapping against the window. At last she got up, shivering, REd flung a fur clo»k over her bed. Tae warmth lured ber to slumber, and the con tinual drip, drip of the rain was a monoto nous lultabv. Ic her dreams she saw herself at Oaken bunt, pleading with her enemy; pleading, not for herself, but for the father whom she loved. Still sleeping when the light of the guy mortlng filled the room, she woke at last at tbe housemaid's knock, and found the Dight visions frcBh In her mind. What could she do? Was there even the ghost of a chance of softening that pitiless foe? Sbe hurried through tbe business of dressing, catching an occasional glimpie of the rainy sky and silvery gleams eliding across the wet leaves. How dreary the world looked with all the summer colors washed away. The chill damp air came blowing into her face wben she unclosed the casement, and she went downstairs cold and pale. ' What a night !'' said the vicar. ' This id not autumn ; it is winter comteg suddenly upon us months before Its time. I wonder how delicate people will stand it?' 'They can't stand it,' Kathleen replied. 'It will kill them. I an strong, papa; buc I feel chilled to the very bone.' ' You are paler than ever,' he said, looking at her with an uneasy glance. 'I am cold; that'* all. Papa, you are a darling ; but you mustn't get into the habit of Btudjliig my face. It's bad for us both.' She spoke with ber old sunny smile, and he was reassured. But the smile faded as soon as the was left alone. The vicar bad shut himself into his study ; it was his day for writing sermons aud devot ing himself to his pen and books, and his daughter knew that she should see him no more till luncheon time. Toe morniag was all ber own, and it was early still. Soe stood for a momtnt looking out upon the drenched garden, and then ber resolution was taken, A little later she was hastening down the Hieb-street, a waterproofed figure, utterly in different to the ralD, and making straight for the cab stsn 3. A musty old fly was chosen, because sbe knew the driver's face, and had vague recollections of a hard-working wife and children, and she found herself, a much shaken traveller, jolting along tbe road to Oakenhurst. The great bouse, standing amid its ratn beaten shrubs and flowers, was as silent, in tfae misty morning, as if it had been under an enchanter's spell. Within all was elegant, orderly, and cold. Miss Netherdale was inhered into one of the splendid rooms to wait while ber message was taken npstsirs to tbe heiress : and outside her shabby fly looked like a blot on the well-kept carriage drive. The servant returned quickly. Miss Del mont had had one of her bad nights, but she was awake and would see Mits Netherdale in her own room. As Kathleen followed her conductor up stairs, and through & eoftly- catpeted corridor, ehe was wondering within herself what she should esy. Sbe did not believe that Zae's hatred was directed against the vicar ; It was aimed solely at herself. Had he bsen tbe father ot any other daughter, she would pro bably have made no use of the power which had come into her hands. There was, perhaps, just the faintest shadow of a hope that she might be induced to spare the man who had been Mr. Delmont'a friend. Kathleen re membered that at their last interview she had been too proud to use entreaties. For her father's sake, and only for his sake, she would nee them now. Yet as ehe paused at the closed door she knew that she was trying her last chance, and had but very little hope that sbe should succeed. The servant knocked, and Boltoa's face appeared. Without a word the lady's maid stepped aside to let her enter the chamber, and then went out and left her alone with Zoe. For a moment, as Kathleen saw the frail r irl lyiDg on the pillows, sbe almost fancied herself back again in tbe sick-room of the school. It was eo exactly the old Zje of old d»yi who was lying there that the heiress of Oakenhurst seemed to have vanished and the peevish little school girl of loag ago had come to fill her place. Bat the surroaudlog* were not those of bygone days. In th»-: modest bedroom at the college there hid been none cf these tall mirrors and ivory backed brushes and golden topped bottles of perfume. 'So you have come,' said Zie'a eager voice and cjfs, 'I thought you would return ; tbe haughty mood doesn't last it eecms,' ' I have come, but not to ask anything for myeclf,' replied Kathleen quietly. 'For wbom. then ?' demanded the heiress id her quick, imperative tone. 'For my father. He ia an old man, Zoe, and a clergyman. Have you no pity for one who was -our father's frieud? He was kind to you in the past dajs, and you did not hate him then.' ' I do not bate him now ; I eare nothing at all about him. But jou know that bis fate is in jour own bands. It jou keep jour part of our compact I shall not fail in mine.' There was a pause. A clock ticked loudly on the mantelpiece, and a gust of wind seat some withered leaves flying against tha window. Zj© grew impatient ot the timer's silence, and spt-kt- agair. ' You are miserable, I suppose. You have patted with jour lover, aoA you went me to let you have him back again. That is the reel object of jour vUK?' *' I did not come to fepeak of him, bat only of my father.' 'Botjoo have parted with him? I Insisted on your giving hta np,' Zoe raUed herself on her elbow, with an angry light In her eyes. 'He will not give ou up,' Kathleen answered, ' There is: only one thine that would ever make him part with me. Unless I tell him that I have ceased to love him he will be mine always.' 'And you dare to come and say this to my face. I tell you that if you do not banish him altogether from your sight you will ruin jour father's reputation. You pretend to be an affectionate daughter— well, prove your devotion by making a sacrifice.' ' I am ready to prove it. But Dsroy's will is stronger than mine. He will not take his riicmissal; he declares that this mystery shall be solved. In spite of all you can do, Zta. he will make me his wife. But— my father.' 'I will strike at you through your father. I will make yon suffer through him. Yoa shall always feel that, but for you, he might have kept his good name !' 'For pity's sake, Z», do not say these dreadful things ! For tbe sake of your own soul, fehow a little meroy. Burn that fatal letttr ; your father never meant to keep it ; burn it, and God will give you peace.' ' I won't bum it. You are talking cant, just as you always did. Peace never has come to me, and never will. No, I will never burn that letter, atd I will use it to ruin the vicar unless you choose to save him.' Again there was a dash of rain and lnaves against the windows ; and it seemed to Kith Iten ttat a slight rustling noise was bleadiag with the sounu of the blast. She glanced un easily toward* s- half open door at the Bide of the room ; and Zoe'c quick eyes followed the direction of hers. ' That dcor leads into my dressing-room,' she said. 'It is quite empty ; you may look into it if you like. My servants are too well trained to listen,' she added, with a scornful smile. Kathleen rose from her chair by the bed side and went to the door of the dressing' room. No one was there; on a table lay some pieces ot costly lace and a quaint ivory work box stood open, diaplajing its fittings of chated gold. Another door led from the dressing room into the corridor, bat it was Us' doted. Mies Jietherfi≤ not return to her seat. She came back to the bedside and stood loobicg intently Into Zie't face for a moment. 'Ism going,' sbe Baid, calmly. 'Zoe, I am sorry that I came. I koo«r, now, that j ours is a thoroughly hardeaed heart ; but— tvtn if jou carry out your wicked threats— I (?hull pray with all mj strength that you may be forgiven.' So she went her way out of the great house ; and the shabby fly carried her home egain through tbe wiod aod rain sod driven leaves. But wben she was gone Zje was fevetUh and ill at case. Bolton was summoned to dress her, and found ber fractious and full of complaints. Tbe bitter, sticgiDg wind was trying to mike its way, even into the guarded rooms of Oakenhurst, and Zoe decided to stay upstairs. From ber bedchamber she moved to an eaiy chair by the dressing- room fire, and then sent tp' Mrs. Simpson. The little woman appeared, humble and ehabby as ever, and was ordered to read aloud. Her voice was not unpleasant ; and although Zoe missed Mrs. Goase'a musical tone ' acd refined accent, she could not find many faults with ber new companion. Ooce Miss Delmont interrupted her with a suddenness that made her start and nearly drop tha book. ' Are you nervous ?'' she demand, abruptly. 'No, oh no,' was tbe meek reply, ' Then why are your hands trembling ?' Mrs. Simpson hesitated fora second. .and gave her patroness a scared, half- questioning lock. Then she composed herself and answered in her quiet voice. ' I am not very strong, Miss Delmont, and the wind is bitterly cold today. Juot now I was imprudent enough to stand near an open window.' 'Very Imprudent indeed,' said Zie, sharply. ' Your health does uot belong to j ounelf now ; it belongs to ma.' 'I will take care ot it in future,' the widow replied submissively, and took up her book again. It was a long weary day to the heiress and ber patient companion. When the book was put down the work of lace mending wat tali en up, and Zraeat watching the wldov'a tbln fingers, busy with their delicate occupa tion. Sometimes the girl fell into an unoa-sy dt ze, and then Mrs. Simpson ceased working acd studied ber face keenly. In ber sleep Zoe starred often, muttering broken syllables, indications of a brain that could never rest. Hr-r bands kept moving perpetually, as it they were grasping some thing ttat muet be held fait lest it should flip Ircn- tbeir bold. !Vler.B»Mle tbe wiod kept up a dreary acceropariiReDt to the rain ; and the creepers, trainer- loend the windows, smote wildly upin the punts. Mrs. Simpson, little used to luxuries, JtJt all tbe ctmfort ot her soft cBty cLair Dear tbe fire, and remembered the bttd caae eeat «htch had been ber acicbtomed support in Miss Koowle's gcim p&rlrr; And yet, as she watched the sleep ing fir] and listened to her murmur*, she t-hii'k her bead occb or twice as if her new potiuou did not perfectly eati-fy her. So tbe weary day wore on, and the palp girl sc?rcciy moved from her seat ; the afternoon decprir-d into evening, the raia kept up its monotonous plash, ana the wind changed from a roar into a moan. At halt-past 8, Zoe said languidly that the was tired and would goto rest, 'Bolton bag one tf her headaches,' she re marked in her peevish tone. 'Most incon venient ; they make her so stupid. I hope jon don't have headacre, Mrs. Simpson ?' 'My head seldom aches as it did once,' the companion replied. 'Shall I take Button's place to night, Miss Delmont?' ' Yes,' said Zoe, with unwonted gracious nets. '' But doc't let her shift all her duties upon you. Sbe wat glad to get that lace mecdiDg eff her hands.' 'I like mending lace,' rejoined Mrs, Simpson, meekly. She helped tbe young lady to undress, and then arrat,ged her pillows to her entire satis faction. With eyes half closed, Zoe lay watching the fire in silecee for same mi&utea;, acd the widow thought that she woold sr.-on i all asleep. But no ; tbe brain was still n st lees, tbe heart still ill at ease. **I must read it once again,' she said, speabiDg her thoughts aloud, and suddenly opening ber eyes widely. 'Mrs. Simpson, you are there, are you not?'' '?yes,' rebponded tbe little woman, promptly. 'Is there anything that I can do?' ' Go to the top drawer of that wardrobe, raid Zoe, pointing across the room, ' and take out a bog-cak casket.' Mrs. Simpson obeyed, crossing the floor with a noiseless footstep, and bringing the caBkefc swiftly to the bedside. 'It doesn't contain my valuable jewels,' remarked Zoe, producing a little key, sus pended by a narrow ribbon from her neck. ' It was given to me when I was a child, and 1 keep my childish trinkets in it Bat I don't want them now ; I only want a letter.' The letter laj on the top of the other things, just intide the lid. She took it out, pushed ihe casket carelessly away, and then looked up at the widow with a smile that was meant in hn rA&vf; ill. and was onlv stranee aud sad. 'It isn't a love-letter,' she said. 'It's better than all the love-letters iu the world. It gives me a great power, and power is sweeter than love, isn'c it?' The companion did not reply, but a very close observer might have noticed a swift, laibt flush sweep across her faded face. 'I don't want any love,' the girl con tinued, defiantly. ' Many people say that love is an indispensable thing, but I know better ; it's quite easy to live without it. I have every thing that I wish for— everything. Money and power !' Mrs. Simpson's lips parted, then closed again. Zoe's ejes were heavy with sleep, and it would not be wise to keep her awake by prolonging the conversation. She would be the better for all tbe eleep that she could get, and she bad had a great mauy bid niehts tf late. So Mrs. Simpson remained discreetly silent. She glided quietly about the room, putting out tbe tapers and placing the night-lamp where its lays would not fall upon the bed. For ber own part, she seemed to need no rest; Zoe bad given her permission to sleep on the eofa-bed which Bolion often occupied, but she did DOt care to court repose. Her ha»rt was w&kelul; ; her brain busy with anxious thoughts ; and yet the wakefulnoss and anxiety were perfectly hidden under her submissive manner. It was a large chamber, full of soft colors that looked rich and warm in tbe subdued Iieht, Before Mrs, Simpson had finished her arrangements for tbe night Zoe was already blerplcg the profound sleep of weariness. She lay with her face tarnrd towards the fire, and ber pole features dimly visible in the red glow. Ti.ere was little fear of breaking a sinmber so deep and heavy; but a far lighter sleeper might have restedundisturbed by the widow's movements. Her gown never rustled, ber footsteps made no sound ; in a word, she bad that gift ot utter noiselessness which is, perhaps, the most valuable quality which a tick nurse csn possess. Tbe wind was still wailing out of doors, but it was the wail ot a spent strength ; and the rain, cold, and heavy, had not ceased to Mrs Simpson went softly to a low chair by tbe tire, ana placwd fcers'l! Voere sho could see Zoe, cowljifg quietly on her pillow?. (To he continued.) A lumper named Bohert CAeghora, whtht wurking on bos-rd tbe ship Henpernj, at Port AcM&ide;, on Saturday morning, h»d hts right leg broken owing to a heavy iron cclumb jammisg it ajjair.st the keelson ot the va8F(-). He was removed to the Port CuutUy Bospitfcl, wbere Dr. Toll attended to his ia iuiles, 