THE HIDDEN MILLION. BY PAUL MERITT, "Author and part-author of "Youth," '"The World," "Mankind," "New Babylon," "For Ever," etc., etc. CHAPTER I. In the summer of 1690, under the most peculiar circumstances, a great treasure was hidden in the side of a mighty chasm on the coast of Antrim. Not very distant was this chasm from the spot where William of Orange landed with his troops, when the Jacobite flags of Stuart and of Bourbon waved defiantly above Drogheda's walls and the great battle of the Boyne was fought. That memorable July day when the united forces of Ireland and of France, under the command of James II., fierce and implacable though they had threatened to be, fell back before the English fire, defeated, routed, shamed, their vacillating king seeking refuge at the Court of France, while the victorious William, emboldened by success, passed with his glorious army through the capital of Ireland to beleaguer Limerick. It was at this important era in the his- tory of Ireland that The O'Maille, of Cole- raine, the head of a family ranking with the highest of the great Celtic race, if not the richest and staunchest followers of the Jacobites—goaled to mad-brained patriot- ism by the defeat of of his party—con- verted all his property into capital to aid the native troops to make a gallant stand at Limerick; his chief object being to gather some eight thousand Rapparees under the enthusiastic leadership of the after- famed O'Donnel. The scheme was eminently successful, for even priests and bishops flocked to the standard of the ad- venturers, as if the houses of O'Donnel and O'Maille had been as truly and inde- feasibly royal as the houses of Stuart or Bourbon. At least more loyal, for their liege defender had forsaken them. However, it is not with the siege of Limerick this story has to deal, but with a hidden treasure once in the possession of the family of O'Maille ere they were scattered about or exiled far and wide, with after fate and honours kept green only by the minstrels' songs or friars' tales, in the more peaceful times which followed strife and faction. About the last convertiable property dispatched to aid the Jacobite cause—the dispatch which neither served its purpose nor reached its destination—was the family jewels of the O'Maille. These jewels, for the most part hereditary, still in part amassed by their present owner, were much talked of by the peasantry of Coleraine ; for "The O'Maille" had been heard to aver on more than one occasion that his family possessed the finest jewels in the world, and certainly his after patriotism and love for Erin proved he was not a merely vain and ostentatious boast. In truth the greater portion of the dia- monds had been purchased some half century or so before from some English merchants at Surat—the jewels having been found in the rocks of Cowloun, in the province of Golconda. However, the exact value of this property was never ascertained being only roughly estimated commercially and privately when con- fided to the care of a zealous and con- fidential Jesuit, who had undertaken to find a market in England for the jewels, and who with that purpose determined to cross St. George's Channel at Carrick- fergus point. That a speedy expedition was absolutely necessary was manifested by threatened want of ammunition and pro- visions by the Jacobite party, who, having fear of this, hesitated not to pillage with- out mercy wherever and whenever opportunity occurred. For plantations, and even villages, were laid waste by the soldiers and Rapparees; leaving, per- haps, a few naked, starving villagers, con- tent to feed off the husks about their own barn-doors. Thus, O'Maille, feeling keenly this con- dition of affairs, and aiming for the nobler end of victory with honour, had made this sacrifice of wealth to aid his country's cause; and Marcus Verite, a Jesuit priest, a strong partisan to the Jacobite rebellion, had undertaken the conveyence of the property: a mission re- quiring the greatest care—it being so necessary, in the event of search, to avoid all suspicion, that not a scrap of paper was to be detected about the bearer, the nature of his commision being written in invisible ink on the buttons of an under- vest. Therefore, beyond the carriage of the jewels, the greater portion of which were concealed about his clothes and in the lining of a leathern wallet, in which some slight provision for his journey had been made, Marcus Verite bore no tangible evidence of a suspicious nature, save the religion which a Hebrew Bible and his garb ostensibly proclaimed. He had a little English money, by the way, and a little French gold, the brass coin with James's effigy being very scarce, and cer- tainly unsafe for one to trade with in such active party times. Unfortunately, he had not long set forth upon his journey when he got mixed up in a brawl at an inn near Antrim, when, in strict observance with the nature of his mission, he should have shown impartiality by disguising his feel- ings and steadfastly withdrawing from all iispute, instead of attempting to allay or irritate the fury of the contending factions. But the Church of Rome was a subject nearest to Father Verite's heart, and it was dangerous to show how far his discussion would have carried him on this momentous occasion, had he not remem- bered his oath of allegiance sworn to the O'Maille—remembered it only on hear- ing, with unspeakable horror, the object of his mission whispered at his elbow, and bruited round the inn, divulged by some mysterious means, some idle boast, some hint, or giving out of his he wist not of; leaving him, however, with but one road open, one resource—a speedy flight. But chase was given by several mar- auders who heard of the treasure this Jesuit bore with him, and on the road to Carrickfergus he was hotly followed in pursuit. But as his enemies did not succeed in overtaking him, it was supposed by many that he had changed his course and taken refuge among the wilds and rocks abounding on the coast of Antrim. For his disappearance was a mystery to all, and that he failed in the object of his mission was a bitter truth too soon brought home to the O'Mailles, who, bankrupt now in every way, sought refuge in the Court of Spain, leaving their treasure and the Jesuit priest to the un- known fate which overtook him and his trust. Still the family was never thoroughly forgotten, and for many years the peasantry around Coleraine grew accus- tomed from their infancy to tell their story—of the noble sacrifice they had made, and of the thousands who had flocked beneath their standard for the common cause of Ireland. But Time steps in and banishes the proudest of remembrances, and when some remnant of the exiled family returned to settle in their native land, little of their past was known to any but themselves, and even the story of Father Verite, traditionally told by father and son, grew more and more obscure with each rising generation, savouring more of fiction than reality. But there the truth existed which would come to light some day, the truth which tells the story of THE HIDDEN MILLION. CHAPTER II "Is there no place of shelter from this storm?" "No inn or house of any sort that I can see, but as we must have travelled some twenty miles or more along this wretched road, Ballycastle can't be very far off." "I hope not," observed the first speaker cordially. "Poor Bess is tired out, and hasn't known such a canter for many a day; it's this blinding rain which makes the way so difficult to penetrate; we have been riding in the teeth of the wind for an hour or more. Is not that smoke rising yonder on our left" added the horseman, after looking about for shelter of some kind. "By Jove, it is," exclaimed his companion, "and there lies the little town beyond. Why, we have been circumnavigating Ballycastle, and just ahead of us must be the Giant'sCauseway." "Here is a narrow pathway to our left." broke in the other. "Not safe enough to pass with the horses, though—that confounded wild bush touches overhead almost." "Then we must lead them, that's all," exclaimed the veteran. "Come, Bess," he added, as with an effort he attempted to alight. "Ah, Maurice, I'm not so nimble as I was ten years ago. Come, Bess, come. Are you all right, Maurice?" "Quite right, but very wet. Even this sort of shelter is some relief," he added, as the two men led their horses through a narrow lane, or pathway, hedged by hawthorn bushes. "I hope you will be none the worse for this, Michael, or you may have cause to regret your visit to Antrim. Your son would have called it madness to ride beyond five miles of Bray at your age, and here are we touring through——" "My son," interrupted his companion, "has done the ground himself, and ex- pressed far more delight in reviewing the county of our ancestors than I have. In fact, my boy Owen had Coleraine Abbey and Antrim on the brain for weeks after his return, and was as enthusiastic in recounting the old, legends of O'Maille as—as I was when his age." "For my part," observed his cousin, ankle deep in mud, ''I shall be glad when we get back to Bray. Although the northern scenery is wild and pic- turesque enough, give me the more civilized county of Dublin—the noble bay—the—" "Here's a signboard," interrupted his companion, joyously. "And an inn, sure; enough: good fortune to us." So the travellers, brightened by visions of steaming brandy and glowing fires, pushed forward. "Landlord! Landlord!! Ahoy!!" "Ho!—ho there!" "Here he comes, a regular son of Old Erin." "Good day to yer honours." "The like to you, landlord. Can you put us up for an hour or so?" "Or until this storm is over?" added Maurice Winterton. "Sure, your honours, and deloighted. Its moighty hard ridin' through such weather, as this. Here, Terry, my lad —Terry's my son, good gintlemen, and it's' rather deaf of hearin' he is. Terry! Terry! See to these lovely craturs now," added the landlord, as a loutish lad approached from a neighbouring pigsty, chewing a long wheat straw. "Get an armful of hay and a bucket of fresh whather, and rub the pretty craturs down. This way, gintlemen," he added. "It's niver a grand place I have to welcome the likes o' yer honours, but I'll warrant ye'll find it's as clane iz a new pin." "Any port in a storm," observed Michael O'Maille, shivering after his long exposure to the wind and rain, as he entered the porch and the parlour at once. "Have you any brandy?" asked Win- terton. "See to that, now—brandy, is it?" observed the landlord, showing his disappointment by scratching his head until his hat fell on the sanded floor. ''Divil a drop have I, but some of the finest whisky, now, as ever ye put yer lips to". "Whisky will do very well. You had better take your coat off, Michael." "If so be as you'd like to change in- toirely"— But the travellers, declining this invi- tation, divested themselves of their coats and gaiters, and accepting the chairs placed for them before a blazing fire, waited the advent of the whisky. Sir Michael O'Maille, a descendant of "The O'Maille," whose patriotism and love of country was recounted in the opening chapter of this story, was a man who had reached his sixty-seventh year, an age, however, that very few would have ascribed to him; light-hearted, jovial, kind to a fault, upright, sincere, with the warmth of an enthusiast, he was more like a man in the summer of his life than one who fast approached the seared and yellow leaf. He was a man who never liked to be thought old, a man who rejoiced in youth; but he was now too corpulent to enter into youthful sports—though not unwieldly, be it un- derstood, but too comfortably stout His cousin, Maurice Winterton, though well filled up, possessed not the round, jovial, ingratiating face of O'Maille; there was more of the worldly man in his more thoughtful countenance and heavier brow—a man of cooler calculation and less enthusiasm. Although some ten years younger than his companion, his hair was really greyer—in a word he was of the build and proportion of an active man of business. Both travellers were dressed as nearly as possible alike, and both had set out with their own horses, unattended, from the seat of the O'Maille, near Bray, on a touring expedition through the north of Ireland. Sir Michael O'Maille, who had been a widower for some years, and his son Owen, now a young man recently attain- ing his majority, were the only living and direct representatives of the old family of Coleraine. His present companion, Maurice Winterton, was a cousin of his late wife, and had lived for some years with the family, presiding as a sort of tutelary mentor to their son, and a faith- ful ami de famille. He had also proved himself to be the most invaluable coach when Owen was studying for honours at Trinity College, although it must not be concluded from this that Maurice Win- terton was a dependant on the family he courted, for he held the strings of a purse of his own, which if somewhat scantily furnished, had at least the advantage of being self supporting. "I hope the horses will be cared for,' observed O'Maille, loosening his muffler and wiping his face and neck with a silk handkerchief. "That lout of a boy understands his buisness, I've no doubt," replied his cousin; but our host's a long time at that whisky jar. What a queer old place it is," he added; "very jolly on a fine day, though, I should think." "And very comfortable on a wet one," observed O'Maille, still polishing his face until it almost reflected the glow of the ruddy turf fire before them. "I wonder what my boy is doing?" he added, always pleased to think of others when himself content. "Making love under the rose to Miss Selwyn at her father's house in London, I'll be bound," exclaimed Maurice. "So he didn't want me with him," he added, "although it's the first time Owen has crossed the Channel without asking me to bear him company." "Well he might do worse than marry Grace," observed O'Maille good-naturedly. "Squire Selwyn is rich, and—that's the stuff, landlord." "Whisky, gentlemen, and the horses are doin' famous, my Terry says; for, though he's rather deaf of hearin', he knows how to groom a horse wid the best of em'. Phelim O'Callaghan says to me one day, says he, 'Sure your boy Terry's worth half a dozen o' them wet- erinary chaps,' says he, 'although he's deaf of hearin'.' Now if yer honours would like a noice sloice of boiled bacon——? "The very thing," exclaimed O'Maille. "And pickles, sor ?" "Pickles by all means"! laughed Maurice. "A most agreeable follow indeed," he added, as their host once more retired. "Pork and pickles, eh? Well, we might have fared worse had we been left to our fate on that boggy road to-night." "Begorrah and ye moight, gentlemen," observed the landlord, who, busying him- self in a pantry just behind the door, had overheard this last remark. "Ye moight have been garrotted on that same hoigh- way." "What!" exclaimed O'Maille, "have you marauders hereabout, then?" "Sure and we have—any number of them. And there's a divil of a shtir among the polis lately; but niver a use are they aginst a set o' lawless Rap- parees." "Is it agrarianism, or what?" asked Winterton, "Sure, sir, 'grarianism it is. Only a week come Tuesday, poor Mick Costigan was found half-dead on the Antrim Road, robbed o' his rints and papers, and poor Mick was as harmless as a—a sucking pig, niver an ill look to any one. Cold bacon only cooked last Sunday week; and you'll find the pickles to your taste, I hope. My woife wad have done as much, but she's roight under wid the mumps," he added, lowering his voice and glancing uneasily towards the door; "and, wid strangers about, she loses her head en- toirely." "Well, I should think you were pretty quiet here as a rule, though?" observed Winterton, looking at the bacon. "Quiet, sor? Hh, no," replied the land- lord, still busying about the table; "ye come here by the back way—the other side of the inn is the road to Ballycastle. We have as many as three or four parties a day during the summer-time. Here's the steel, sir, if the carver needs a re- moinder. We're slackest in the evening —nobody but a few of the neighbours to smoke a quiet pipe by the chimney corner there. But they'll stick to their homes on such a noight as this. Hark to it, yer honours, it's rainin' in torrents. And if ye'd prefer the lamp, I'll just draw the curtains; unless my boy Terry's forgot the wick again. Terry's back'ard in many things, being rather deaf of hearin'." So saying, he pinned together some old chintz which did duty for curtains, and lighting a paraffin lamp placed it in the centre of the table. "Now, gintlemen, maybe ye'd like some shtowt. The barrel's nearly empty, worse luck; for my Terry's so slattern wid the tap, and always forgets to turn it off when he's in the cellar. He can't hear what he does, yer see, gintlemen; but, he means well my boy." "Just so," observed O'Maille. "We'll try the stout." "Sure an' I can ricommend it to yer honours; and if yer want the horses got ready to-night——" The travellers exchanged significant glances, for as a matter of course they had resolved to remain at the inn until the morning, and so expressed their wish, to the landlord's satisfaction and their own. "Now, Maurice, my boy,'' exclaimed O'Maille, with just a sense of amusement in his tone, as the landlord disappeared, "let me assist you to some of our host's good fare." But even as he spoke both travellers were startled by a lurid and unearthly flash of light which for an instant per- vaded the room. "A coming storm," Maurice exclaimed. "I thought we should have it before nightfall. And there's its accompani- ment," he added, as a peal of thunder grumbled overhead and slowly rolled away. "Bess is always frightened at a storm," exclaimed O'Maille, concerned for the safety of his favourite mare. "I hope that 'deaf-of-hearing' boy won't let her break her legs." "Shall I go and see?"'asked Maurice rising. "No, nonsense; the idea on such a night." But Maurice Winterton had crossed to the casement, and drawing back the cur- tains, was peering out into the darkened night when a low cry of surprise, or fear, escaped him. "What's the matter?" asked O'Maille, turning in his chair and drooping his fork. "Nothing much. A face looking in at the window, and pressed against the glass.'' "Some inquisitive neighbour, likely, or the landlord's son," observed O'Maille. "No," exclaimed Maurice, emphati- cally. "It was a face familiar to me, the face of a man I saw last in the com- pany of your son, the face of—don't laugh, Michael." "No," was the serious rejoinder. "The face of whom ?" "Laurence Selwyn!" "Impossible!" cried O'Maille. "Lau- rence Selwyn," he repeated, "is in London. Owen is staying with him at this moment. He—Grace's father—here? You must be mistaken, Maurice. Try this bacon," he added, with quite a relish, prepared to dismiss the subject and the face at the window as the common curiosity of some begging tramp. "You're mistaken, Maurice, mistaken." "Of course—mistaken," murmured Winterton, returning to his seat. "Impossible!" he added, in an under- breath, "I am not mistaken. Though in a squalid wretched garb the face was Laurence Selwyn's. What can it mean?" In vain he tried to cast the figure from him as an apparition, a delusion of the moment. He would forget it. But the face rose between him and his appetite, and he could not eat. "What possible motive could Laurence Selwyn have for masquerading in such a garb, at such a place, on such a night?" he wondered, confident of a sure and certain recognition. For there are some faces which, once seen, impress themselves upon one's memory for a lifetime. Laurence Selwyn's face was one of these, and had so im- pressed itself upon the mind of Maurice Winterton, possessing as it did an unfor- tunate birth-mark, of which more anon, rendering forgetfulness or resemblance in another a thing impossible. Therefore the discovery visited Maurice with a gloomy reticence for hours. So night suceeded evening, and the meal being removed O'Maille sat before the fire talking long and cordially of the past, the present, and the future of his son; but observing at last the strange and un- usually taciturn humour of his cousin, he seemed to sink alike and grow depressed for something that would pass away an hour. To take a stroll was out of the question, for the storm was at its height, the rain was beating hard against the casement of the window, and the wind was howling still as dismally as it had done that day. "Fancy wearing away one's existence in a place like this!" exclaimed O'Maille, peering into the shadows of the spacious room and toasting himself before the glowing fire. "Fancy that, eh, Maurice?" he repeated. "Yes, the ennui would be frightful," responded Winterton, glancing from his companion to the embrasured window, as if the face and figure that had drawn away at his approach still lingered thereabout. "There goes eight," he added, as an asthmatical clock in a corner of the room croaked out the hour. "I don't suppose they have a ghost of a book in the place, or even a paper of any sort. Pity we couldn't reach Ballycastle!" "Let us inquire," observed O'Maille. "If they haven't a book they may have a backgammon board, or draughts," he added, drawing a wry face. "How my son Owen would laugh if he saw me sitting down to a stupid game at draughts. I think you can beat Owen at chess, though," he added. Maurice laughed. Any reference to Owen always pleased him, he loved him as dearly as he would have loved a son of his own. "He was my pupil," he would say to O'Maille, "and although he's your son, the honour of his distinction and success in life is partly mine." In fact Owen had so crept into the hearts of both father and friend, that they regarded him with an equal air of right and proprietor- ship. Meanwhile, the landlord, responding to O'Maille's tug at the bell-rope, and anticipating same with lighted candles, was astonished to hear a request for some- thing to read. "Begorrah, sir, I thought it was a bed ye wanted?" "Not yet, landlord," observed Maurice; "so you may spare the wicks for an hour or so, unless you still observe the curfew toll," he added, pointing to the clock. "As long as ye loike, gintlemen. I thought maybe ye wor toired and would be glad of a rest, that's all. As to readin'," he added, scratching his head and looking about him ruefully, "I really don't think, yer honours, I've a blessed scrap o' print- ing in the place, except the Weekly News from Antrim, and that's a fortnight past since Monday." "Of course you have a Bible?" ob- served O'Maille. "Well, I did have one, sor," responded Dennis, growing very red; "but my son Terry, he took and sold it clane out wan day to buy Limerick-twist at the fair. He didn't understand the vally of the book, poor Terry; he never goes to con- fession, for he's rather deaf of hearin'." "Then you have absolutely nothing to give us to read?" observed Maurice, some- what techily. ''Howld fast, sor," exclaimed the landlord loudly, whereat O'Maille grasped the arms of his chair with the most startling alacrity. "We have wan book," continued the Irishman, shaking his head, "but it will nivver see the loight o' day agin, leastways through me. It's an 'oly Testimint, sor," he added, ad- dressing himself to O'Maille, "and I do not know as ye could understand the printing of it. It isn't Oirish, and it isn't Welsh, and it isn't Scotch, but it's an Hebrew wan; and written in a foreign 'glyphic." "Hebrew, eh?" observed O'Maille. "Um—er, Maurice, we will not venture on that, I think." "And it's moighty glad I am when ye say so, sor," observed the landlord, "for whin I shows that book, ill-luck of some sort follows. Wanst I showed it to Larry O'Brien, who was curious loike—for priests had blessed it in my father's toime —and three stacks o' me hay was burned. Another toime, yer honours, I showed it to Father Donnovan, who came to bless my little girl—she died that night, but two year old, God bless it! Another time, only a week gone by, I showed it to my good wife's sister, and sure if it wasn't the very hour poor Mick Costigan was all but killed on Antrim high-road." "Mere coincidence, my good man," said O'Maille. "What harm couldj a Hebrew Testament bring to you? It were but idle superstition to attach im- portance—" "Superstition," interposed Dennis, "or not, sor, there was the facts, and I've wrapped it up extra strong in con- sequence, although it's as old and as shabby as my cast-off brogues. But theres the Oirish Times to be had every morning at the O'Connor Arms at Bally- castle." "Never mind," observed O'Maille with a smile, "we'll quench our present thirst for literature with some more of that ex- cellent whisky of yours." "Sure, yer honours, and I'd have showed ye the holy book with pleasure if it hadn't cost me so much already." "Never mind the book, bring us the whisky—three glasses, if you will join us," interposed O'Maille. Dennis humbly thanked the gentlemen for the honour they conferred, and hastened to execute their order. "I've no patience with the man," ex- claimed O'Maille on his departure, ''full of idle superstition and old women's fancies." "Strange, though, that he should attach so much importance to the book," ovserved Winterton. "Perhaps it has its story, and it may amuse us to hear it," he added, yawning . "Story, indeed!" muttered O'Maille; "why not get rid of the book? Burn it, if it cost all the trouble he ascribes to it." But any further speculation was brought to a close by the re-appearance of the landlord. "Do ye know Dunseverick Castle, gintlemen?" he inquired, as he placed his tray upon the table." "I have heard of it," responded O'Maille. "Yes," echoed Winterton. "Well, sor, that same book once lay beside the skileton of a priest found be- neath its ruins. My father's great- grandfather found it, and kept the book, and gave it to his son, and his son gave it to his son, and his son gave it to my father, and so it came to me—more's the pity; for begorrah! I wish I'd niver set eyes on it; but"——he paused, looking at Winterton, who was looking towards the window. "See!" he exclaimed, rising hastily, "that casement has been opened. Yes, I thought so." "Who can have done that now? Maybe the wind," observed the landlord. "But sure, now," he added, refastening it and returning to his position by the table, as Winterton resumed his seat, "that priest must have been murdered, or he died of starvation, or——" "How do you know he was a priest?" asked Winterton, impatiently—in a strange mood this night. "His name was in the book, and the year, and—" "A priest! His name—what was it?" asked O'Maille, with some curiosity. "Marcus Verites, and sixteen nointy underneath." "Marcus Verite!" exclaimed O'Maille. "Marcus Verite!" repeated Winterton— both men rising simultaneously and re- garding one another with strangely altered looks. "Landlord!" exclaimed O'Maille, trembling in every limb, "you will let me see that book?" But the landlord shook his head. "Not for foive pounds," he faltered. "I make you the offer," cried O'Maille. "Show me that Hebrew Testament, and the five pounds are yours." "You don't mane that, sor?" said Dennis, breathlessly; "you're excited, the pair of ye." "On my honour as a gentleman, I'll give you £5 to see that book." "You have raised our curiosity, you see," observed Winterton, assuming quiet composure. "Foive pounds!" repeated Dennis, staring into space. "I think I'll risk the curse of it for that" "Go and fetch it, then, at once," ex- claimed O'Maille, his excitement still manifest. But instead of going directly for the book, the landlord sought the counsel of his wife, and she being a shrewd and calculating woman, with little further ambition in the world than to look better than her neighbours, readily assented. "Money down, though, Dennis dar- ling," she observed, "be sure of that"— she was a Scotchwoman—''they may be humbugging ye. But five pounds, I say, Dennis, five pounds will pay the half- year's rent." "I don't like," hesitated Dennis. "But it's honestly come by," inter- posed his wife. "They mustn't have it, though," he said, "I'll never part with the book entoirely." "Let them see it, then. That's all they ask. Maybe no harm will come of that." So Dennis Quaile, procuring the book from the bottom of a linen chest, re- turned to his visitors, and placed it on the table between them, though not with- out much fear and trembling. "What's this?" asked O'Maille, im- patiently regarding what he considered to be a bundle of rags. "The book, sor!" answered Dennis. "But why wrapped up in this stuff?" observed Winterton, unwinding its linen covering and handing the volume to O'Maille, who, having adjusted his spec- tatcles, bent over the lamp and read upon the fly-leaf, as the landlord had averred. MARCUS VERITE, 1690. "The same! the same!" he cried, "beyond a doubt. The crimson cross upon the cover; faded, but still there. Dunseverick Castle, too, must be about the spot where Father Verite sought refuge. Hebrew?—yes!" he added, running over the leaves of the Testament, under his thumb. "And what is this drawing?" "Ah!" exclaimed Dennis, "that's the awful part of it, sor; that's maybe where some murder was done, and he's drawn the spot to mark it—drawn it in his own blood." "It's meant to represent a chasm, I think," observed Winterton. "Look! with an arrow pointing to a cave in the side." "Have you never been inquisitive enough to investigate this matter?" asked O'Maille. "Inquisitive, sor? I know the spot well, and not a living soul would dare to reach it. Why, it makes me giddy to think of it." "You know the spot, then?" cried O'Maille; "you—you recognize some likeness to it in this sketch?" "Sure I do, and folks have said——" He paused, his sentence broken never to be finished. A pistol-shot had reached his ears above the storm without. "It's the curse," he cried, breaking an awful stillness by throwing up his arms and shivering with fear. The curse o' that!" he added, pointing at the book, and growing pale and cold, until he stood like one who had been paralysed—like one who tries to speak or move and finds both equally impossible. (To be continued.) 