PATyOi if8 THE AEOHBISHOFS ADVENT SERMONS. The Archbishop of Sydney preached his third Advent sermon to a large congregation on Sunday morning in St. Mary's Cathedral. Like the two previous sermons, the discourse was on matters relating to the position and authority of the Ronian Catholic Church, and the most reverend prelate showed by illustration and proved by argument that the Church, of which the Pope is the visible head to-day, is the same institution lounaea oy unrist. jjr.J.vi.oran claimed tnat tne powers received ;by St. Peter had been transmitted to !his, .successors, and that those powers were exercised to their fullest extent in the Church of Chi.'ist' at the -present day. His Grace at consider able le'ngth discoursed on the characteristics of the ChufchJ arid on the special features by which, in all ages, the, children of the truth, faith were to be j recognized. ?. , The mission to teach all nations had 'been faithfully fulfilled, and the one predomi nating' .'desire1 at all times was to gather the peoples' 'df -the. earth into the one saving fold. Th'e Catholic Church alone bore the indelible marks of-tinityi-holinessj and apostolic grace ; and while old pagan religions crumbled away, and new forms of belief .were springing up and dying in rapid succession, the Church founded on the rock stood solid and immovable, in all its God-given -strength and majesty. To enrich the children of God with the treasures of His divine love was one of the chief objects of the Church, and the truths taught arid promulgated were as lamps to guide the'mon their pilgrimage here below, each truth she'dding a; radiance of heavenly light which kept alive the spirit of faith in their hearts. All over the' world the teaching and the observances of the Church were the same, and the practices of the Church were so ordered that her children had the blessings and consolations of religion in every walk of life from the cradle to the grave. In baptism the child washed in the sanctifying waters became as one of the angels in purity, and in Confirmation the Spirit of the Holy Ghost des'cending upon the child, infused the grace of strength and perseverance into the heart and soul. There were the holy sacraments of Penance, the Eucharist which kept them in a state of grace, the sacrament of Matrimony, which was the source of social and domestic happiness ; the sac rament of Holy Orders reserved for those who dedicated their lives to the service of God, and the last and most consoling sacrament of Extreme Unction, which prepared them to meet their Maker at the final hour of dissolution. The great fruits of the holiness of the Church were shown in the regard for the poor and the outcast, and in the gathering in of souls to the fold, even heretics and schismatics being led back by the operation of God's love through the ministry of His Church. Inheriting the sufferings and the ignominy of Christ the Church, had also inherited the power of miracles. The special feature of miraculous power was often maligned and ridiculed nowa days, but it was beyond question that the power of healing the sick, casting out devils, and of evoking heavenly benedictions, was given by our Saviour to His Apostles and the saints who succeeded them. The promise of Christ to His Church has been verified from age to age as there were innumerable instances of wonderful miracles worked by God in recognition of some special manifestation of faith and devotion. No other Church presumed to claim to itself this power, arid in this,; as , in other respects, the Catholic :Chiirch stood alone. It was the same in other ihdly things, and, though attempts were often ,maae to imitate the practices of the Church and . to; found similar organizations to her communities of holy men and women, these efforts were futile. ?' The Catholic Church was unlike every other religious institution, and the efforts of those who striye to imitate her might be compared to wasps trying to build a honeycomb. Those whose privi lege it was to belong to the true fold should pray for their separated brethren, praying that God may in His mercy number them all among the saved on His right hand at the Judgment Day. 