. CHAPTER VI. THE NCOC.ET CLAIM. Let us suppose n gap of two or three weeks between the opening of this chapter and the close of the last, aud note a few of the events th'at had occnrrcd during those weeks. In ths first place shaft No. 2 in the gully had been cleared out, rigged with a windlass and other digging gear, and a oompany of four, formed as proprietors, though but two cf them were working partnors. Of the four of course Tady and his master were two, and the other two were Charlie Ellis, the favorite young trooper stationed at Marranga, and a young man named George Clark, the son of a farmer in tho vicinity of the township. In claim No. 1 a great deal of work had also been done, but there was a great deal more to do. For one thing tho No. 1 workings had been originally far more developed than any other opened in. tho gully, and had, at tho time of the mnrder, and in consequence of the murderer's displacement of tho props to ef fect his purpose, fallen in almost from the surface, bo that to enable tho mining to bo resumed on tho original plan, a great deal of clearing-out work had to ho done. While his brother Conn, and other engaged men were occupied in this work.Father James had boon almost entirely confined to his room, and no ono could doubt hisilluoss who looked | into his face. There was a dreadful warfaro going on in that miserable man's breast—a warfare that Nora never oucc was aware of or noticed, that Conn, saw but did not quite understand, but that Mrs. Brady watched with a keen eye and a purpose deathly and vindictive. He wandered around the gardens in tho dusk of evenings, avoiding his kind as though tho sight of a human faeo waa hateful to him, and moro especially did the sight of hia mother act upon him in the strangest man ner. He would shudder if hia eye met her's, and turn away hurriedly sometimes, whilo at others ho would meet her look with one so awful—so full of white, threatening anger— that ahe would hasten away with the fear of sho dared scarcely think what in her hard ened hoart. In the dead hours of night, too, there wero sometimes heard shrieks os for mercy, and shouts as of triumph, and groans as of a deathly agony, and when those of St. Hom'ek'.-i heard them they wero wont to cover their heads up in the bed-clothes, and wait for silence in fear and trembling. Bnt St. Herrick's was far from another house, and no hint of these disturbances had as yet leaked out for Nora, who was tho only ignorant ono of tho family, was a heavy sleeper, and easily terrified by a hint at ghosts; co they had littlo trouble with her; only Tady, her lover, felt tho troublesome effects of the ghost rumour, for Nora would not meet him after dusk for all his bribes of ribbons and cheap jewelry, and he was work ing so hard in the day time that he could not Buatoh many moments to gladden his little eyes with a sight of his darling's face. One brilliant morning, when tho sun's rays were sparkling in tho waters of Creek Rohan, like a rain ot diamonds, and when every .loaf and flower seemed to have retained all the freshness of the sweet dew, Leonard Prosser mounted his horse and rode the short distance between tho Marranga Hotel and the Mar ranga Police Stotion. Hia destination was tho latter, lor during tho timo that has elapsed since I closed my last chapter, Leonard had formed a sincere liking for young Trooper Ellis, who had by chance be come a partner in] No. 2 olaim with Leonard Prosser. As the young Irishman rode up to the sta tion, Charlie Ellin led hie borae ont from the stable by t\ aide gate and brightly greeted his new friend, and if one had called a parade ot all the " mounted men" in Australia, they I could not have picked out a eleaner-limbnd, a better made, or a handsomer-faced member of the corps than Trooper Charlie Ellis. No one ever called him " Cbawlcs." You I could not fanoy such a thing, looking in his I bright, opon, boyish face. Uβ was Charlie with every one, and, aa I havo said before, a favourite with every one also. " Sly word, what a killing swell you are this morning, Charlie !" said Leonard, aa he drew hia horse up, " whoever geta your breeches up deserves a testimonial." } "Yes, Preiser, I flatter myself they're a good fit," said the young chap as he scanned his handsome limbs, " but a3 for being a swell, you must remember that it is not every ono who can nffard to dress as carelessly us yourself." "la thnt intended for n, rap, Charlie?" asked Leonard with a smile; " well, I beliovo I am rather careless, but isn't thia tweed good enouph for this occasion, eh?" " You know I don't meau that, P/osser; I mean that your appearance is always that of n gentleman, no matter what you wear, while I must be natty to bo noticed at all." "Oh, such apparent modnsty ! I thought you wera above fishing for compliments, Ellis? I nra certain tfiot you know us well aa every body else th.it" there is not a handsomer young chap within miles." " I know I'm not bad looking, but I envy your inches, and you* broad shoulders. I'm suchja little chnp, Leonard." " Do you call live feet eight little?" " Well, yes, I do—for a man. Do yon kuow that Miss Clark is five fcut sis and a half." Leonard laughed pleasantly, and poor Charlie's fsca grew rosy as a girl's. ''That was a slip at any rate, my dear fel low, and so it is in comparison with Miss Clark's inches that you are disgusted with your own ? Now, do you know that I should much prefer you medium length of limb to my own ?" " Would you really ?" " Yes ; nnd ladies, especially tall ones," ho added, with a sly glance at his companion as they rode away together, " always like men of medium si".c best." " Hum—l hope it inoy prove so in this instance, for to tell you tho truth as a friend, I'rcsser, all my future happiness depends on Fanny Clark's opinion o£ mc." " My desr fellow, you have my very best wishes," and the hands of the two ynungmen were clasped, " and I think that as she is s young lady of taste iherc can be no doabt as to the result of your hopes." " But look at my position, Leonard. How can I ask any girl brought up as she has besn to becocio a policeman's wife ? The very narno is enough. If the claim would fulSi Tady's expectations now, there would be some chance." " Let us hope Tady will be a good prophat then, if only for your sake, Charlie. You know I care very little for my own. I have enough for comfort, and havo no craving for anything bayond whst ray income will afford mc," "Lucky fellow!" exclaimed Ellis, "and you have never fallen in love, yet?" "In love? oh fifty times! I havo been in love always ever ainso I can remember until within the last few years. I think I must have used up fill my allowance of what ia called love in my school days, and so have none left for ray years of discretion." "What is called love?" Charlie repeated. " Don't you believe in the feeling, then?" " I can't from personal experience at leant," replied Leonard ; " for the'feoling that did duty for lovo with mc was so inconstant that it seldom lasted longer than until circum stances brought mc in contact with a new face. But talking of the tender paseion now, there's an instance if you like in my friend Tady Connor," and the speaker threw back his handsome- head and laughed joyously. "Is the d fool in earnest ? " asked Charlie, with disgust. "In earnest? I should think so! He is thinking of Nora and nuggets from morning until night, find from night until morning, too, for he mutters 'mo darlin asthore macurce Nora,' in his dreams, and fancies he is stringing nuggeta to hang round her ' bewcheful neck ' —oh yes, he U in earnest— quite! " " Kidiculous ! " cried the young trooper almost angrily, " a man of his age and appear ance !" "Be merciful, my dear youug Adonis!" returned Leonard with a emila that showed his strong white teeth under hia glossy moustache; "must one bo handsomo to have a heart ? I assure you that poor Tody has one, nnd a warm and true ono in spite of his disproportionate shape and funny limbs." " I don't doubt all that, but at his years ono might expect sense enough to hide any ridiculous exhibitions of his folly." "I'm afraid Tady does not think euDl ciently of appearances," responded Leonard with gravity and a sly glance at Charlie's ' cords.' " "In ona sense ho dots?, quite enough, retorted tho young "bobby" with some hoat; " I'm sure when ho doaa that bluo suit with tho brass buttons his aira of con ecious salf- appreoiation are sickening! and besides how can ho feel anything for a cirl like that?" "la Miss Nora Brady not bo lovely and loveablc as poor Tady imngines her then? You know I havo never aseu her." " Nora Brady is a lump of a girl without, I do believe, oue ounce of brains. I don't Lelievo I ever saw in my life a creature so unutterably stupid aud nuimal-liko as she." " She is no favorite then, Charlie? " "Not of mine, and I detest tho whole family!" Leonard looked wonderiDgly v.t hia com panion. Himself of a calm and even temper and an unexoitablo temperament, to him tho strong feeling exhibited by Charlio Elli3 was a matter of surprise. " I had business at St. Herrick's one day," the young trooper went on, "and had an opportunity of seeing something of these Brady's. Mrs. Brady especially has one of the worst face 3 I ever saw, and if there was any underhand and hidden law-breaking going on in Marranga, I should bo inclined to look for ft cluo to it under tho roof of St. Ilerrick's." " Talking of St. Herrick's, that was a cad thing about Colonel St. Horrick's murder. Now if I were a policeman I think I Bhould feol deeply interested in that orimo, especially stationed here 011 tho spot." ! (To be continued.) 