INERVOUS PROSTRATION. o There is an unusual amount of sick ness this summer of the type known as " nervous prostration," says the "Provi dence Journal." It is prevalent among hardworked people who have been deprived of the needed summer rest and relaxation,men who carry their business home with them every night, and women whoare worn out.by domestic cares and worries. It is very strange how much we are told about food, clothing, ventilation, drainage, exercise, and other things which have an in fluence on our health, and how very seldom we think of rest. And yet, as a remedial and restorative measure it is of the first importance in many cases. Mosat physicians know what to do and when to do it, but a good deal of common sense is required to discover how not to do something and when to let the patient alone. A combination of drugging and fretting kills more than half the sick people in the world; a man's enemies cannot do him near, so much damage as his friends, The world is possessed with a a notion that when a man is taken ill a terrible ado must be kept up, alternation of nursing and fussing, while preternaturally wise and whispering doctors, sympathising friends, tearful relatives and chat tering nurses add their con tributions to the wrong side and all because somebody is ill and needs chiefly rest. We have not~ yet, most of us, gotten 'id of the old notion of the ancients that disease is a personality, and somethin, that is in the air, that travels about, enters our dwellings, and finally seizss hold ofn us ; omethingakin in the minds of the ignorant to a goblin ghost, fiend, demon, or- witch, which only pills or potations can exorcise, kill, or cure. We are confident that many a sensible physician will say, if the patient will let him, that two-thirds of all the maladies of all the people in the world would get well in a few hours or days if left to themselves, with no other appliances than such as instinct would suggest or common sense employ. But patients often estimate the doctor's skill by the wonderfully wise look which he assumes, and the extent or variety of his prescriptions; and a sick man's friends hate to seem unsympa thising, and are so apt to be otlicious. It is to be understood, of course, that we are not speaking of extreme cases, but of the ills which flesh is heir to the troubles which come upon over worked men and women, so many of whom we find all around us in this pushing competitive age. Their best remedy if they can take it, is rest. If that be impossible,..we can only pity them. 