CHURCH AND THEATRE- Th&ltev; J.H, Zillmann lecturodlast uight,at the Congregational Hall, Victoria Farado, on Hamlet, lie took for bis keynote tho toxt that tho wrath of roan workcth not the righteousness oHlnd, and Bbowod how this was exemplified w Shakepoares masterpiece. Tho bulk of tbe address cousited of readiug. With regard to the Ghost, Mr Zillmann urged that Hupornatural appo.iraucoB ought not to bo dismissed as outside the range of possibility. He qnoted a papor by Bishop Goodwin, in the Contemporary Review, showing the reafiiy of some such visitations. Mr Wilson, tbo ohairmuo, paid a high compliment to Mr Xillmann'd elocatioo, and tho views ho had taken of Hamlet's char- actor, The chairman explained tint tho lecture was in conncctioa with tin Young Moo's Cnriethn Association of tho church, and perhaps bo startled homo visitors by referring to the familiarity of thoeo present witb tbe tragedy of Hamlet at acted at the theatre, air Ferres having moved a vote of .thanks to Mr Zillmann, Mr Fatey seconded it. Ho bad regretted an utterance of the lecturer's, roforiing to the theatre as aHtyk.of iniquity. A London clergy- mm stated not two of bis most outsemed Sunday school teachors wore young ladies con nected with tho Haymarket Tneairs. Tho vote of thanks having boon accorded by accla mation, Mr Zil!raanD,iotho courso of his raplp, said that Mr I'atey had nrisuudei'dtood him. Ho had only quoted an opinion by another clergyman to that offeat about the thoafre. Ho did not utate his own views, A little furthor on, how- over, Mr Zillmann admitted that he did not ogrco with thoextremo opinion ho hod nun- tionod. Iu BO) iog this, and giving it to bo understood that the theatre, could be made of utility in tho cause of virtue, ho said ho was letting the oat out of the bag, nud ho did not know what criticism ho might expose himself to. 3 twos his intention to lectffro on othor ploys, Buch a a Ocballo and Muobctli. Ho did not think tho theatres should monopolise them. Betide?, it wiu oxpanaivo going to theatres, and ho Dt people into hie lectures for nothing— except tint a plato was hold at the door for tbo bonofit of thn Young Mod's Association of the church, Mr Zillmann apologised for tho incomplete nature of his lecture, through camuB whioh the audience could woll under stand. Ho would have more time to devote to Iris future Sbakosperian studies, embodying in Inolurcs these thoughts on the sublimo works of .Shakspcare whioh had occupied his mind for many years. 