larrikinism at brighton- # For boiqo tirno past tho residents in tho vi cinity of Brighton Bench havo boon annoyod by certain young raon who havo boen cirrying on their pranks iu that noigborhood, but nothing has hithorto occurred nnfllninnf: tn t n\r « fljiecial notico of, Howovor, on Thursday night Inst affairs became too sorious to bo passed ovor lightly, On tho night inontionnd about ten o'olock a man rodo up to a well- known roBidont'ii house, and after uaing moan obscono nud dissimting Inuguogo, demanded that ho should sond his wifo out in tho road and howoulddofor hor,uruaing«omofluoboxproHsiim. after wnitiugRomo tirno for bis domanus to be complied with, ho rodo furthor on te au hotel on tho Bnrao road, and calling tbo landlord's daughters nnmoa oovoral times in tlio hearing of a numbor of lodgers, uaing tho eamo obscono lnnguago ho hnd provionaly usod, ho gnllopod off, no ono apparently making any ondoavor to arrest him, On the uoxt night (Friday) a man was aeon riding frantically up and down iho road, calling for nidstanco, and making most pitifnl cries. Pooplo turnod out of thoir houses, thinking thoro was a case of drowning or somo othor accident, but only to meot with n torrent of oaths and abuflo, and boo nn object gallop madly away. On Saturday ovoniug affairs took anotbor turn. Tho man who drivos tho mail botwoon Brighton and Picnic Point, namod Bradloy, was rather startled by perceiving an object on tho road, which ho at onco put down to bo annpparition. It slowly advanced towarda tho trap, r.nd ho being alouo, ho tried to drivo past it, but finding It would not got out of tho road, ho struck it with his whip. It xnmcdiatoly made for the scrub at band, and was lout to flight. It war droflsod with a long whito covering, and n face liko a ekeloton, making altuguther a most hidoous object. Brodly, upon bin return to Brighton Roach, soutword to tho Sergeant at North Bruluou I>olico barracks, who immediately sent down nu ollicor. But nothing of tho would-be ghost could then bo soon. Along tbia particular road, which, of a night, is very dark, thoro boiDg no lights of any description, mauyyoung women and children aro iu tho habit of travel ling to their different homes, it boing the only' road direct to Picnic Point and Gipsy Village. Bo should such a ruffian moot them without protection tho conBoquoncos might bo vory Borious. Howovor, tho polico Inst no time on the Thursday in making inquiries, and after obtaioing isomo information thoy visited a certain etablo in tho imrnodiato neighborhood of tbo Bcono, diflcovered a horso answoring to tho doRoription givon by tbo on lookers, and tound it boivring ovoiy trace of having boon hard ridden, it being rooking in Hwcat and boaring saddle marks on it. Tlioy accordingly havo taken procoedingn against a youug man who has cliargo of tho animal, aud ho has boon summoned to appear next Friday at tho local polico court, when furthor information it is hoped, will bo thon obtainable. It has boon a long- folt want in this particular part of Brigh ton to havo stationod ono or moro plain clothos constables to patrol tho Boacli, tho district bo- ikg so scattered tlmt a constablo in uniform do- iug liia regular boat may bo far away out of sight and hearing whon his attondanco might bo urgently required in this particular part. 