OTREMONY OF KECETVTEG THE -T WHITE YEIL. v , -: - ?, ?% . The solemn ceremony ot investing a pos tulant with the white. veil of the Order of .the ^Sisters of Mercy ?wa&. performed for the iisfrtime in South Australia on Tuesday, August 5, in the Convent of Mercy, Angas street, and was witnessed by a number of people who attended in the pretty little Chapel lately added to the building. The Sisters of Mercy 'nave a wo'rTd-wIae'f ame for deeds of charity and tenderness, although the Order only. dates_back asfara3j.828. w.ben_ it' was 'founded in Dublin by Catherine McAuley, who was the first Superior of the Institute of Religions Sisters 01 Mercy, and who fully acted up to the creed she professed whenehe said — 'God knows I would rather be cold and hungry than thatHispoor should suffer want.' Her memory, we are told, i3 still held in benediction by the poor of the city in which she passed her short but full religious career, and her history shows that she was fully fitted by her piety and talents to accomplish the great philanthropic work upon which she embarked with such well-directed zeal and energy. Catherine McAuley was born on the Feast of St. Michael, September 29, 1787, at Stormans town House, County Dublin, and her parents both belonged to ancient and respectable' Catholic families. The history of her career of benevolence would fill pages. She inte rested herself in movements for the ameliora tion of the condition of the poor. It was through her exertions that the public hospi tals of the period were thrown open to all religions bodies that chose to visit them, and after having become prominent in deeds of unassuming charity she founded the Order of Mercy in Dublin, selecting that name her self, and henceforth she and her children were known as Sisters of Mercy. An Order of Mercy had already existed in the Church, dating back indeed as far as 1223, when Peter Nolasco, a noble Spaniard, tonched with the miseries of poor Christian slaves under the Moors, founded an Order for their relief, and drew up the rules for the 'Royal Mili tary and Keligiqns Order of Our Lady of Mercy.' The objects of this Order were the works of merey, especially the redemption of captives, each member being bound to ex change himself for a captive should there be no other means of ransom. But we have to deal with modern heroines, not the heroes of the Middle Ages. The Sisters of Mercy of the present day do deeds of self-sacrifice equally noble and from as pure motives as those performed by the Order referred to. Their mission is to renounce all worldly vanities, cast aside all consideration for self, and go forth to comfort the despairing, suc cour the sick, bind ud the hurts of the wounded, teach the ignorant, and per form generally those act3 of tenderness for which holy women are so fitted. We find in records that in consequence of the altered state of Europe the Order declined much* in members and importance, but rt3 I louses still exist in a modified form in Spain, Germany, and South America. According to authorities 'in many of the delightful tales and legends of the medieval period the knight or brother of mercy figures conspicu ously in his beautiful character, adding fresh lustre to the records of those chivalrous times. Mother McAuley was so impressed with -what she had heard of self-devotion of Nolasco's Order that she based her own upon similar lines, and was by that directed in her choice of the title ' Sisters of Mercy,' as she designed to make works of mercy the dis tinctive feature of the organization. In order that the over-zealous may not too hastily assume the vows and obligations ~oi the Order and take a step they might afterwards regret,, it has .been pru dently ordained - that a: novitiate, ex tending over, a reasonable rjeriod, shall be first passed, and this rule Is rigidly observed, so that intending nuns may perfectly prcpaiSe themselves and iully realize what is required of them and their own strength to undertake the performance of the solemn 'duties they wish to impose upon themselves. -It would cover too much space to follow up the career of the famous foundress of the Order, but it may be said that Sisters of Mercy are estab lished in almost all parts of the world and in the colonies. In South Australia the Order has had but a brief existence. The Mother Superior, Mrs. Fitzpatrick, came out to Adelaide with a few of the nuns in 1880, and began their mission of mercy amongst the poor in the hospitals and the homes of the sick, and teaching in the schools with unostentatious industry. They had only a small building a3 their head-quarters, but last year the large house belonging to Mr. Dutton Green in Angas-Btreet was purchased and turned into a convent. A beautiful little Chapel was built above,'and the whole struc ture slightly altered so as to suit the require ments of the inmates. It is very well situated, and admirably serves its purpose. The Sisters oi Mercy have more freedom than some of the religious Orders, their work being outside wherever destitution, disease, or spiritual wants exist. Creed or nationality stand not in their way, as their work is of the broad and generous character the mission of mercy implies. There is a House of Mercy at Mount Gambier as well as in Adelaide. The ceremony of taking the white veil is a particularly impress;ve one.'and had its effect upon the congregation assembled in the little Chapel on Tuesday. The postulaut3 were Miss Rodgers, from Kapunda (now Sister Mary Agnes), and Miss O'Sullivaa (now Sister Mary Agatha), sister of Father O'Sul liyan. Both have been studying in ', ae Domi nican Convent. They have been studying in the Convent of Mercy for some six months, and after taking the white veil must remain in novitiate for two years before they take the black veil and bind themselves by irre vocable vows to the mission of mercy. When a young lady wishes to enter a convent she first lays before her confessor the state of her mind ; and he, after full deliberation and severalinterviews, decides as to whether she is actuated by a mere passing devotional im pulse or a true call to a religious life. By his advice 'she speaks to her parents, and next sees the Mother Superior of the convent, from whom she obtains all the requisite in foimation. After that, with the Bishop's sanction, she enters as a postulant, viz .'as one who entreats to be admitted to the Order. On entering the convent the postulant, assuming a plain garb, enters upon the special exercises and devotional duties, teach ing, visitations, &c.; Then, after six months1 experience as a postulant, if she continues of the same determination and the Bishop is satisfied that her case is genuine, she receives the habit of the white veil ; and then, if after over two years of probation she stall desires to enter the Order, she is again interrogated by the Bishop one month before the time of profession, and if deemed fit is allowed to receive the black veil. The ceremonial took place at 11. The altar in the Chapel bore the sacred emblems, and was adorned with flowers, the gold and silver work about it glittered in the steady light ;of a number of wax candles, and the subdued strains of the organ coming from an apartment at the other end of the building gave additional solemnity to the observances. The scene was a singular one to witness; the air filled with incense as the censers were swung to and fro; the dignified 'figure of the mitred Bishop, with the attendant, clergy in their robes ; the silent nuns flitting through the throng in the peculiar garb of their Order ; the reverential attitude of the ex pectant audience must have filled the hearta of the postulants with a deep sense of the responsibility of the vows they were about to take. The Right Rev. Dr. Reynolds (Roman Catholic Bishop of Adelaide) was the celebrant, and he was attired in his mitre and cope. The attendant clergy were the Very Rev. Archdeacon Russell, V.G., Dein ^Kennedy, Dr. Byrne, Fathers McClosky, ?Gai'dolfij Williamsr Unswortb, O'riullivaa, Keogh, O'Brien, and Hackett. . .?:-'. The 'postulants who were to receive- the habit communicated ? in the morning, and when the hour for the ceremony arrived the Religieuses assembled, habitedin theirChurch cloaks wiih lighted .tapers, those standing op the. right side bearing the tapers in the right hand, while those on the left bore them in the left hand. The procession was then formed in the following order : — A nun bearing a cross aloft, the two postulante side by side, the novices, the professed. Religious, and the Mother Superior. When the proces sion was forming the two young girls about to take the vows knelt down for the Mother Superior's blessing and the names they each were to receive in religion. Then having reached the sanctuary they genuflected before the blessed Sacrament, the Mother Superior, and assistant having retired to their places, leaving the postulants in a prayerful attitude. As the procession entered the Chapel from the apartment at the rear, the solemn, sub dued strains of the organ swelled through the building, and the choir sang the beautiful hymn ' 0 Gloriosa Virginum.' The Bishop entered from the robing-room, and on reach ing the altar bis mitre was removed by the attendant. After the hymn, the Bishop sang the versicle and prayer ' Pray for them, cl Holy Mother of God,' all the sisters kneel ing. Then, having blessed the wax candle placed on the altar, the Bishop delivered a prayer in Latin, and the postulants, who were splendidly dressed in secular costumes of figured white satin, with bridal veils and wreaths, were conducted to the altar by the Mother Superior and assistant There they knelt and received the conse crated taper, and then followed a prayer for acceptance. The postulante then returned to their places in the middle of the aisle, and Father O'Sullivan preached a sermon from the text, ' And I brought you into the land of Cancel to eat the fruit there and the best things thereof.''' He dwelt upon tne beauty, peacefulness, and virtue of a religions lifs far removed from the anxieties and temptations of the world, and contrasted with it the career of worldlings, whose existence .was spentyn the vain pursuit of fame, wealfn, i or vieasnre. -At the same time ha exhorted the novices ;who wewiaking the holy, vowb ofrBervfce to watclf over themselves Jest th«y might lose the true aim of a religrouslife^-r unselfish devotion ; to 'the cause'-' of- God. ; He urged them 'to, mcitfe on in the path of righteousness and usefulness they had chosen in all zeal and humility, looking forward to the reward of a well-spent life in the service of the .Holy One the Comforter. . _After the__ 'sermon the postulants were conducted by the Mother SuHerior : and assifitftht_to; the^tar, -where they .were interrogated, by. tEe Bishop,, who said .to each, ' My child, what do you desire?'* they replying, 'The mercy of God and the holy habit of religion.' He then asked them if it was' by their own free will that they made the demand, and they answering in the affirmative, he addressed the Mother Superior, 'Reverend mother, have you made' the necessary enquiries, and are you satisfied ?' She ' reply . ing in the affirmative, the Bisnop offered up a prayer^ and the postulants, genuflecting, retired to put off the secular dress, psa&s; and bjmns beine sung mean while. . The postulants returned claa in the habits of the Order, which had been blessed by the celebrant After this the novices each received a cincture from the hands of the Bishop, and the Mother Superior girded them on' each as she Btood before the altar. The Bishop then placed upon their heads the white veils, which, he had previously bkssed, and said — ' Receive the white veil, the emblem of inward purity, that thou mayest follow the Lamb without spot, and mayest ? walk ' with Him in white, In. the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost.' The novices, kneeling, received the Church cloak, and having been dnly invested knelt down, while the Bishop, extending his hands over them, blessed them. Impressive prayers were read, the novices making suit able responses and singing alternately with the choir. Some other observances having been gone through, the novices completely prostrated themselves, and remained in that lowly attitude while ' Veni Creator Spiritus' was sung, and until after the Bishop had de livered a prayer. Then having been sprinkled with holy water they arose, and_ each being embraced by the Mother Superior, and in their turn embracing the Sisters, they took their places among the Religieuses. The cere mony concluded with Psalm exxxiii. The Bishop entertained the congregation at luncheon afterwards. The novices have to serve two and a half years before they take the black veiL 