Twenty Years' ia the Wesleyan letholist Church, LAST avening Mr. John Osborne, late minister of the Wesleyan denomination, delivered an excellent and interesting leature in the Protestant Hall, Newcastle, on the above subject. There was, un fortunately, not so large an audience present as the merits of the lecture deserved, but it was listened to with rapt attention throughout and loudly ap plauded. Mr. Stewart Keightley, Mayor of this oity, presided, and in a few well chosen remarks, introduced the lecturer to the meeting. MR. OSBORNE, on coming forward, was loudly applauded. He explained that he had came up to deliver the lecture at a great deal of inconvenlence; but, at the same time, with considerable gladness, because he would never forget kindness which the young men of Newcastle had always shown him. After relating a number of laughab!e incidents which he had experienced whilst in the Ministry, Mr. Oaborne said that nearly twenty years ego, while he was pursuing a com mercial career that promised at no dis tant date to bring him into the possession of a considerable fortune, he suddenly be. ,ame the subject of a spiritual and intel. lectual change, which altered the whole course of hls life. The immediate result was that he joined the Wesleyan Church as a private member, and subsequently, after a period devoted to spoecial study, entered the ranks of its ministry. Mr. Oabbrine then gave particulars of his work as`a clergyman in several of the South Sea lslands, and in different localities in Now South Wales, and remarked that he had completed that work where he had begun it seventeen years before, namely, in the York.etreet Churbch. (Hear, hear.) Passing on to the critical portion of his lecture, he said that he would speak of Wesleyan Methodism as a system, of its relation to modern thought, its value as a spiritual educator of men, and its probable future. The lecturer affirmed that for many years both before and after John Wesley's death, Methodism was un doubtedly the greatest spiritual force in England, and even until comparative'y -recently, it merited the distinctive eulo. gium of Chalmere', that it was "C Ohristianity in earnest." When it arose there was a great need for its existence. ~In its early days it resembled, in many respecets, the Salvation Army, especially in the oircoumstanco that its mission was principally to the poor and de graded; but the cultured mind and statesman-like skill of Wesley, who was one of the greaotest ecolesiastics that ever lived, preserved the movement from the extravagancoes, absurdities, and semi blasphemies of the Salvation.. Army. (Cheere). In the course of years, how seer, Methodism came to ignore to a considerable degree its peculiar mission; it developed "respectability," and then its dangers began. In the space ofhalf a century it had experienced more disruptions than any other Church in the world. While that fact indicated the existence of tyranny somewhere, it also inlicated the extstence in the Church of aU abuodanoe of energetio thought; and it would be one of the best signs for the -iture stab 1 y of the institition in the .olony if it contained any of the intellec ·nsl elemen!s that usually caused ecclesiastical disruptions. They existed in all the Churches at home including the Wesleyan, but they were non-existent in the Wesleyan Church in New South ~Wales, and that was a proof that it had no real hold upon the intellectual life of the ountry. The general belief, not only amongst Wesleyan laymen, but also amongst Wealeyan ministers, was that Methodism not only possessed the best system of doctrines that has ever been Sformulated, but also that its doctrincs were absolutely free from defeot. Metho diem was spoken of as a work of God in a peculiar sense. Wth comparatively few exeoptions, Methodists denied that Anglicanism, or Presbyterianism, or Oon gregationalism, was a work of God in the Sdistinguished sense that Methodism was; and the result of this pernicious conviction on the lives of many of the adherents of the system was most dep'orable. So far as its discipline and polity were con cerned, Ma?etlhodism had undergone con siderable chalm?e during the past quarter of a century, and because many of thoss changes had never received legislativo .*tnotion, uhere were probably not a dozen of ministers in the colony who were loyal to their ordination vows. Every mioniter at his ordination promised " To maintain himself, and enforce upon the Boolieties eommitted to his charge, the general rvstom of discipline contained in the Large Minutes of the Conference." Iut it was pcrncotly well known that that obligation was not kept. And the minister who attempted to keep it with strict fidelity, would either become a laughing stock to his: brethren, or be voted an unmitigated Maisanoe by the congregation over which he presided, The ministers acted wisely in ignoring their ordination vow in regard to much that was contained in the disoi pline, for it proved that they believed that what the Church at the beginning of the century deolsrcd to be divine was divine only for that age; bat they neutralised all the good offeots of such wisdom by de. alining to deal with their human formun anrles of doctrine, as they dealt with the Palloy which was alleged to have coma from the same source as the doctrine. (Hear, hear,) So greatly had the attitude of the clergy altered in regard to dim. iopline, that a president of the Conferonoe had declared, in his official capeaity, that the " Rules of Society " were only an idoal standard, and were not expeeted to be striotly observed; a criticeism that was calculated, if anything was, to make John Wesley come out of his grave, inasmuoh as he expelled hundreds of people from his sooiuties for orr ing out the theory referred to. (Oheera,) It was almost needless to say after that that the ofiolai in question 'was one of the foremost in :ondemning him, the lecturer, for attend.. ing the funeoral servioe in S8. Marv' Cathedral for the late Arahbishlor Vaughan. It was always the oue that the men who paid great attention to jot and tittles, negleoted the weightier matters.of the law. The clasumeetling, whlah wad probably the most distinotive feature of Methodlsm, and was to the -tability of the system what the con. 'easional was to Cathollciam, bad felt the Influonoe of the changes that were taking plaoe, and so far as the fulflmoent of its .riginal purposo was ooneeoorned, that in titutton bhad praotially oeased to be. The law of Methodism in regard to the class mooting w:es olear and deolded; but if the law ware honestly enforced, fully one-half or the membars of the Obhurch would have I to be written off the books, and therefore the law was not onforoed. It was a plain law of the Oliurol that when -lniater retired to.~ "te ealte work of the ministry, they should continue to meet in class, but as a matter of fact not more than one-half of those supernumeraries obeyed the law. And it was a significant fact that they were never brought to book for their dis obedience. The fact was significant, as showing the state of feeling amongst the clergy themselves in regard to what was al?irmed by the literature of the denomi nation to be one of the principal bases of the Church. Methodism had numerous merits; that was apparent' to every un prejudiced man who had beheld its work in the South Seas. (Hear, hear.) The revolution it had effected in Fiji was almost without a parallel in the history of modern civilisation. But it had also several grave defects; that was to say, it had grave defects when it was considered in relation to the opinions and ciroum stances of the people whom it was trying principally to influence. One of these dafeots was its transcendentalism, and another its excessive love of emotionalism. Transcendentalism was an excellent thing if it was not abused, and no preaching could be thoroughly sunccessful that did not contain appeals to the emotional nature; but Methodism carried transcon dentalisin to an extreme, and thought more of the emotions than of the reason. The original Wesleyan hymn book which was compiled by John Wesley was partly responsible for that. John Wesley Shimself was one of the most practical Christians that ever lived, but the hymns were the production of his brother Charles, who, lhke all religious poets of this first order, was a mystio; and-as was generally the case when poetry and ;logic were assooiated, the former prac tically annumhtlated the latter-the in fluence of the poet, Charles Wesley, had become incomparably more powerlul than that of his comparatively un imaginalive brother. (Applause.) The theology of iMethodism was not learned from the sermons of John Wesley, which were seldom read except under com pulsion, but from the hymns of Charles Wesley. The former never oeased to insist that the development of religion in all its stlgoes depended upon the performance of aote of practioal auarity, but the hymns ignored that truth, and taught that private and public devotions were the forces thatbuilt up a Christian character. ' Hardly a hymn could be quoted from the original colleo tion but was essentially mystical. In the last edition of the Methodist Hymn B.ok a praiseworthy attempt had been made to remeuy the defect by introducing some eaores of compositions by various authors in which nobler conceptions of religion were embodied; but it would be many years before they suooceeded in undoing the mischief that had been eooomplished. The defect complained of was noticed by the Christian TVorld newspaper a year ago. In criticising the Pastoral Address of the British Wesleyan Conference It said, "The whole realm of the intellec tual life, and of political life, is left unreoognised, as if it were common and unclean." Because of their preference for mystical and emotional forms of piety, the majority of the ministers ol the Church were constantly expressing the opinion that what the denomination needed was " the baptism of the Holy Ghost." They did not mean by that an increase of intellectual knowledge, or a thorough understanding of human nature, but a development of emotional power whereby men might be emotionally in fluenced. Compared with this power everything else was regarded as being in signifioant. It therefore followed that revivalism was popularism in the Church. Mithodiaets generally craved for revivalism just as the lower orders craved for a sen sational drams. T"he succooessful, or appa rently sunooessful revivalist, waa the darling of the connexion, however feeble in intellect he might be. And what fol. lowed ? Why, men who had no capacity whatever for promoting revivalism laid themselves out to supply the stimulant, and those ministers who deolined to resort to snuch a proceeding became olbjieots of sueus pioion. (Hear, hear.) There were classes who could be reached only through the imagination, and preoaching that was chiefly emotional was the proper kind of preaching to address to such people. The Fijians belonged to those classes, so did the. congregations that were addressed by the early Methodist preachers; but the classes that Methodism now desired to in flueooe in oivilised losls were entirely different from the Cornish miners and the Spitfleld weavera of three-quarters of a century ago; and therefore the methods of exciting interest in religious matters that were appropriate in the one case lacked the quality of appropriateness in the other. The middle and working olassee of to-day contained amongst them a very large proPortion of thinkers, and thinkers, as a rtule, refused to be con verted to religion through their imagina tion. (Hear, hear.) Attention had already been drawn to the belief existing in the colounial Ourch that the dootrines of Methodism were practically infallible. That belief was not a hazy and unformu lated theory. On the contrary, it had been clearly exproesed and included in the written constitution of the Australian churches. That constitution contained a seotion which deolared that " the Genoral Conference (the only legislative body) shall have no power to revoke, alter, or change any of our doctrines as contained in Mr. Wesley's first fonr volumes of sermons and notes on the New Teeta. ment, nor to establish any new doctrine contrary thereto." With the exoeption, therefore, of the Roman Catholic Churoh, it was the only religious denomination in existence that claimed to possess doctrinal infallibility. That uoch an assumption was a grievous blunder, and was oalcu. lated to bring the Churobh into contempt, did not need to be argued. Any church that claimed infallibility for its creed must necessarily be in antagonism to the modern intellect, and regard wish suspi. olon or enmity all the doubts and speou : latione of the age in regard to religions beliefs; but inasmunh as the modern in telleot ridiculed the idea of infallibility as belonging to any system, Methodism would have either to abandon its pre poitorona claim, or become perma-1 nently alienated from the classes whom it is most deslrous of attraot ing. (Cheera,) So keenly was he sensible of some of those defects, aud e ospeilly of the fatal mistake of confound lug forms of doolrinal expie slon with the dootrinos themselves, and of setting up an insurmountable barrier against theelo. gieslal development ,by pucting the stamp, of infallibility upon th ~se forms of ex pression, that several years ago he made up hies, mind to leave the ministry of the Obnrah ; and he pail a speolal visit ti luydney to advise with his friends inl regard to the matter. These, (and several of them were ministers), etrongly urged him nosto take the stepjust then, He deferred to their advice, but gave them to undllerstanld that 'be wold ullimnlely crtry out hlisl0tntion. It was explaloed to him that what hy pwiqqiu4 i 4 hi .~ ~~ ~ , ," ,:.· ', ordination was to preach the'system of truth contained in Wesley's sermoiis, and not this or that explanation of the truth, and that so long as he believed the ear dmnal principles of christianity, which were illustrated in those sermons, he was in harmony with the true spirit of Methodism, and ought not therefore to think of retiring from its ministry. Their view of the case was supported in an important debate which took place in the English Wesleyan Conferance a short time afterwards, when several exOpresi dents, on its being pointed out to them by their opponents that their definition of an important dootrine was different from John Wesley's, contended that they entered the ministry on the distinct understanding that they would uot be obliged to believe all John Wesley's in terpretations of doctrine in the standard sermons, and in the New Testament Notes, but the doctrines, on prinoiples which were attempted to be interpreted therein. The reasoning was perfectly sound, but he knew it did not meet with the approval of the majorityof the clergy in the Conference to which he belonged, and that in oonsequenoce his retirement at a oomparatively' early period would be inevitable, as it would be also the truly honourable course under the ciroum stances to pursue. He. had never con. oealed hIis opinions from his brethren, and when he was appointed to the Yolrk. street Church, it was perfectly well-known to them that his modes of doctrinal ex pression differed widely from those that were used by some of themselves. And many persons, btlth ministers and lay man, could testify that he had declared to them his positive resolve to close his ministerial career with the completion of his three-year's term in the York- street church. It had been said of him that he ought to have resigned dirootly he dis oovered that he was diverging from the recognised methods of interpreting Wes leyan doctrines. They had already heard that that was what he intended, but was temporarily dissuaded from his purpose by prominent ministers and laymen of the Church. Ho still believed in the Rreat prinoiples of religion as taught by John Wesley, and he deeply regretted that the Church in its desire to cherish those prin lciples, had stereotyped their forms, and in so doing, adopted the most effective measures to orush out their vitality. (Hear, hear.) It was just as impossible for a principle to live in a orystallised form, as for the soul of a man to exist in a body that underwent no change. Whether it was .owing to the defects referred to, or any of them, or to the alleged existence of a spirit of tyranny in the Conference, it was certainly the fact that in the minis terial ranks of Methodism there was the profoundest dissatisfaction with the system And the proof of it was the number of resignations that had taken place during the last ten years; a number that was without a parallel in the history of any other Church in the world. And but for the Superannuation Fund, the number of yearly resignations would be even much larger than it was at present. An ex president of the Conference, who by the way was the most vehement in accusing him of disloyalty, had assured him on two different occasions that the only thing that kepthim, theex.president, in the Wesleyan Ministry was that fund, and other minis'ors had said the same to him concern n3gthemselves. (Laughter and cheers.) Every Conference disclosed a measure of discontent that was extremely painful. and almost appalling. It was only in the colonies that IMethodist mmisters perpetrated the mischievous blunder of insisting that not only the principles of Methodist doctrines, but also their forms, were unchangeable. In England there were two distinct schools of thought in the Charcho, and the gap between the two was as great as that which separated the opinions of Mr. Kemmis and those of the late Canon O'Reilly. One school'was ritualistic, and the other strictly evangelical, but both worked together in perfect harmony. (Ecar, hear.) In Canadian Methodism there were also divergent beliefs in regard to doctrinal forms. In a recent issue, thebo leading Wesleyan newspaper in Canada spoke as follows:-"It is a great mistake to assume that all movements towards greater freedom of religious thought and life are a departure from what is Wee. leoyan, and that a rigid adherence to cast iron forms of teaching and mode of work' is truly Wesloyan." (Cheers.) It also says, '!Wesley never unduly magnfied creeds or doctrinal symbols;" and we are true disciples of Wesley, not by reoeiving with unquestioning faith everything that Wesley beileved, and doing everything exactly in the way that Wesley did it, but by manifesting the spirit of Wesley, his same courageous love of truth and Inde. pendent loyalty to convictione." To show that the Church here was not in harm ony with those views, or with the views held in England, it might further be said that the ministers had stamped with their disapuroval the revised oatechisms of the body; which had within the last five years been published by the an:hority of the British Conferenoe, and which contained interpretations of doctrlnes widely different In many respects from those whiob were found in the original otechisms,. ?e be lieved he was right in saying that in con. sequenoe of such disaeproval, the revised oatechisme, with their vastly improved definitione, were noe used in half-a dozen Sanday Sohools in the colony. On a recent occasion Dr. Lightfoot, the Bishop of Durham, whose orthodox and fidelity to Ohrlstlan truth, no thought. ful Cbristian would impeach, conoluded an addrese to a Church Congress on the snbject of "Interest in Theologloal Thought" in the following worde:--" If we would interest our age in Christian tboology, we must firsat appreooiate its im. pulses, and adapt ourselves to its wants. A lever is plaeod in our hands by which we may lift man's thoulhts to Heaven; but we can do nothing with it unless we have first found our fulocrum here on earth. Any great theological doctrine must appear in new lights, and suggest anforseen applications from time to time, just as some glorious soene in Nature, though one initself, is over developing fresh beauties under the changing condi. tions of sun and sky. And, if we persist in offering theology still under the forms and with the limitations which it took three or six centuries ago, we are subest tating a hard and unattractivcle photo graph for a living, speaking landecape. I ah age has its own intellootuelIal interests, its own moral aspirations, its own sool enthusasems ; andi estjeolo. glwa's fireb duty La to f(as'en upon these, and'take thorem for his starting point." (Obheer.) Never were wiser words spoken, and never'had they been more complotely gnoredl than by he Methndlist OChuroh ii New South WY~aloe.. The mi?nster who aoted in aooordande with tIree opinions would not be tolerated in that charah, and beasuse that was the onse, it ob?ei-ed no rempeot from the very ardas qulaber beiongag t9 all cluse qf' society, who believed profoundly in the dootrine of development. The modern intellect would not bow down to the infallibilities of Methodism, and unless, therefore, it aiapted itself to modern ideas, in the method suggested by Dr. Llahtfoot, and by the Torolnto QhritWtn Advocate, or confined its minstretions chiefly to the uneducated classes, it would ere half a century passed away lose its vibality, and therefore cease to be a religious force in the world. (Loud cheers.) The above is only an outline of what was really a very eloquent and masterly address, which occupied about an hour and a half in delivery, and was raptu rously applauded. Atits conclusion the i lecturer was accorded a hearty vote of thanks. Mr. Smith sang very sweetly " Good Night," and a quartette, "The Three Ohbfers," by Meesrs. Smiih, Mur rell, Abbott, and Fenwiok, sent the audience home in good humour. 