THE LIVING SUPPER AND THE DEAD BODY A body with the life is good. Where the spirit animates the body, the body clothes the spirit, and enables it to reach its object. But a body, when the spirit has fled, is useless, and worse. Itself is, dead, and it kills others. Such are, ordinances, even those of divine appoint- ment, when Christ, their Spirit, as not in them, or is not owned. But the sacrament of the Supper is in a peculiar manner and eminent degree the body whereof Christ is the inner living Spirit. As men often missed the Spirit of the old dispensation, so they miss the Spirit of the Lord's Supper now. If we do not in faith realise Christ at his table, it will be no more to us than a Jewish passover would be. In the remarkable discourse which is reported in the 6th chapter of John's Gospel, Jesus taught clearly and fully that himself is the bread on which a soul must live. That discourse does not con- tain the institution of the Lord's Supper. It is an exposition by the Lord himself, while he stood among the disciples, of the central saving doctrine which the Supper afterwards expressed arid commemorated. It is not his body but himself that he re- presents as the bread of life. At the beginning he said, "I am the bread of life;" and at the close he repealed, "He that eateth me shall live by me." This is my body, this is my blood ; take, eat, drink ye all of it; this do in remem- brance of me. In all this you have the body ; but to eat bread and drink wine will not save, will not profit a soul. Where is the Spirit of the body? The Lord is that Spirit. The Supper is indeed a body —a sort of channel appointed for convey- ing Christ to the believing—but it can- not by itself contribute an atom of influ- ence to the procuring of pardon or the purifying of the heart. The Lord is the Spirit ; and if they who come to the body do nor seek and find by faith that Spirit, the body will profit them nothing, diving institute though it be. This question is entirely independent of that which concerns the right adminis- tration of the sacrament. Suppose it to be administered by apostles, and in exact conformity with the Lord's will, still it can impart nothing to the unworthy re ceiver. His evil heart of unbelief has refused Christ, and there is none other who can be the Spirit of the ordinance. The bread and wine are but beggarly ele ments. As the lead of a water-pipe, although most perfectly fitted for convey ing water from the fountain to the lip of the needy, cannot in any measure contri bute to allay his thirst, so the Supper, although divinely ordained and purely administered, can do nothing for a sinner who closes the door of his heart against the Saviour Christ. We do not deny to the Supper a place when we refuse to give it the place of a Saviour. The body, which is nothing when dead, is a great thing when living. It is not only that the soul inhabiting the body is great : the body is great when a soul inhabits it. In like manner, it is not enough .to say that, though a Christ- less sacrament' is nothing, Christ himself isgreat. That is true-; but more than- that is true. While the ordinance is dead and worthless if Christ its Spirit be not appre hended, the ordinnnce is most precious when the believing partaker seeks through it communion with the Lord. When he makes himself known to a longing heart, that. heart loveshim ; and loves, too, in its own place, the channel through which he comes. Knowing what was in man, the Lord prepared to go out of his people's sight as soon as his atoning work was done. The faith of these Galileans would have been smothered outright under the ample folds of their love to the man Christ Jesus, their personal friend. When he departed, they remained glued to the ground and gazing up to heaven. The ministry of angels was heeded and em- ployed to tear them from the spot, and turn their minds another way. But the ministry of angels, though fitted to take them away from their needless looking into the sky over Olivet, was not fitted positively to lead them to the perception and enjoyment of Christ, the Spirit of word and ordinances. The ministry of angels ceased, and a more glorious minis- stry succeeded it. The Holy Ghost came upon them ; and his mission was to glorify Christ. They were wrenched jaway from sensible human companionship with Jesus, as infants are torn from their mother's breast. They were led by the Spirit to Christ; and although Christ was now bodily removed, he was still mani- fested to them under bodily forms. In the sacrament of the Supper, they found Christ with less of tumult and distrac- tion than they would have experienced if he had again appeared in the flesh. As the result of the Lord's ascension and the Spirit's ministry, we learn that in mutual love and sacramental commu- nion they did eat their meat with gladness and singleness of heart. This is my body ; this do in remembrance of me. Lo ! I am with you. The Lord became the Spirit in the body of their sacrament. They lived on the same Saviour! but now their life in him was more purely a life of faith. This body which he has left is as fit to nourish us as his personal visible presence on earth would be. We may now praise him for having weaned his church in those days ; he has given us food convenient for us ; he hath done all things well. Let the Lord be the Spirit of our sacrament, and we shall feed on him'hy 'faith, s with" less 'distraction th.aa.if/. hp! Should/, return. ,to/ 'show/ us/pither, marks /of 'former /suffering on/ /his, hands;/ ori/jthe /sighs /'of /jpresent, glory' on, /.his.i countenance. By /his '. /reappearing /in, bodily form, we should be flooded by tumults 'of '.human passion,. eith'ey!cryihg i opt;.-" 'Depart/from, imp! tor'l'/am/a .sintol man; .O'.Lprd,' .'or' "/falling/ !a£ /his feet as dead! /'/'"/In/the/se tumults, flickering faith woufd > be '/pyeriiud.and'qu / He gives ; /us 'the /sensible sign, that m it 'we by faith, as. pur/ Sayipur/Wrfch'iess, distract eyes, 'as ' a /flame of fire/were opened ''and: bent upon our company. We should gladly!'accept,'anyboidy wherein he pleWses- to present himself ; and if there be less in these symbols themselves to carry us away, /than/there would'- have been m the tra'hsffgured 'presenWof! the/ Lord des cending on our mount, all the more jcom- plbto'shpula he the inner worship, of the- sPhi;' while? we .cleave' to the - Lord- the Spirit in these bodily memorials of his death. The letter of the ordinance is dead if Christ be not known and tasted. The letter;/ when/' the/ Spirit .has departed, .is not! p'nly!dead!"but?fio.adlv :0,.-.The letter killeth." But the same letter, when the Lord is 'it's/Spirit,' is life, and gives lite. ... The tendency to go back to the dead letter in the sacrament of the Supper is,, of course, seen in its grossest form iii modern /Rome. But even the deepest error of the Romish superstition has a more terrible meaning to us at this day than formerly, because of a movement — broad, deep, and rapid — in the Church of England to follow in the wake of Rome. Opposite and equal to the revival move ments upward to the Lord that have been experienced in our day, other move ments have emerged, — movements of men's spirits gravitating downwards like lead, from Christ the Spirit of the Supper to the form from which Christ has departed. This gravitation downwards affects us all, except in. aslfar as the Holy Spirit is 1 given to quicken and elevate. Whereas all the sacrifices of the Old Testament, being symbols, ceased when the one Sacrifice was offered, they multi ply the sacrifice of the mass, as they call it, to ten thousand timeB ten thousand — thus returning to the; shadows again. Their wafer and their wine-cap, they say,- have become the body arid" ' blood of Christ — the very body -that i was nailed toi the cross, and the blood' thatiflowed fromi His wounds. It is the mosti adventurous- imposture thatever human heart invented? But even although; it were' -true; what' gain would accrue from it ? : Although the' wafer and wine which the devotee; swallows were the body and blood of Christ — which they are not — what b otter would he he of swallowing it ? It is the Spint 'that? giveth 'life ; bodily service; profiteth" little?1 The Lord ' the Spirit is riot there ; He 'has1 gone -away offended;: leaving ? the1 'dead 1 letter for ' the dead' worshipper. Correction.— In our/last issue, it -was ., istateffthat tlie,Mr.. Leggo \vho,left his.home . .in Point ,pjper,Rpad,jopllahra,./oq a;N!e>y, Year's Day to go on a fishing excursion to / Rondi ' w.as ' ' tlie Deputy ' ' Mitster' ' of /Pioneer ! Loyal Orange? Lodge,'1 No? 3(0. ! " This war ai; ' mistake' 'which ' arose 'oiit'of ' the faict that' the1 ' missing 'Mri -Leggo is' brother of stho' recently ' elected Deputy Master of L.O.L., No. 30. Mr. Loggo left a wife and three children. Another Popish Fraud Com- ing to Light.—The wealth of the Vati- can Library (says/tlie Pall Mall- Gazelle) has, been/ the theme of much 'admiration and oil not' a 1 1 ittl e envy// and ' it 1 will " come ' as" 'Some- what of A'8urpriso'to!:leafh that there is some' reason ifor idoubting! ) whether s' the' - library;' so far as printed books are concerned, exists .'at .all. ,'; Such, however, jisr/topilcoriclnsion I at.t J whichvM. .Carmichael ,hasj arrived, after a, care- 5f ulinestigatipn'' of" flip!quesjti6h,'f aridwhich i lio'/ oominunic'at'ed!! to jtlie '.Royal ' Society '. of/ -.Liie/raturh'last /niglit. 'has been to'Romo' jonly'lathlysince yPope 'Eeo's.'fatrious' letter' ,to the three Gardinals— and; he' was/ person- ' ,sally conducted', '.' .'through the so-called library,-. but failed to see a. j",vestigoi:ofi a'lprintedl I book." Mr. Wyn ten. J.ones, .too, the principal 'librarian of the British, Muse, uni, though not 51 so sceptical himself; "'adrriitted that there was ea good deal to' , be. said; for Mr.-iiOaririiehhePs I conclusion, p If -the-, existence .of/a- library ;of ! printed books at the Vatican be really a myth, one must admit to Mr. Carmichael that Pope Leo's letter proposing to throw the ' treasures! open to th'ri/public is not worth/very much, and that "the bridge which spans the gulf " 'between tlie Vatican/and 'the world'of ' 'mddernfthoughtris still rather' lacking1 ih'sub-: stance. > "Sittiiig BiiIl": embarrassed. i —The Romanists,., have , not /got, such, a-prpn /mising /.con vert in/,the,eiriinent( Indian .Ohief, ! Sitting/' Bull as .' was/ at / first" supppsed. //IThp1 l ceremony' Was'to have taken' place'iri the last ' ; week/'of "September ; 'h.u't it' hsisriow; ic'oord- ' 1 ing to' tho' Airiericari' ; papers, ' been indefinitely/ 'j postponed.-'i -Tt' seems' that1 it was "made a sine ' f quamoh that;; before ;enterihg: ithe." >Ch'ur6h;i > Bitting, ; Bull usho ul d ;give up.i.oneuof -b.isitwq'i. wives. ,rjHeomade(, no nobjection,, to thiaip.rpV, j. posal/.but /.lm/cpuld ,!npt j atf)tho ,last,mpmentf make up his mind as to which of the two he should part with. It is now feared that Sit- ing Bull will give up all intention of becom ing a Roman Catholic, and relapse into hea- thenism. It must be admitted that Sitting Bull nfindskhiuiselfi ,'in j a-;)m6st -embatrassing ; situations. Lord L,ausclq>viie f ; and tlie, Fenian Xliugs.-rTho.,, Press, , and ' St. . J mie&'Clirqnictd remarks Trie 'report; of ' the discovery of a" plot against the lifb of' Lord ; Lftri8downe did not/com e exactly ae' a surprise. In fact, his lordship was to be complimented on the patriotism he displayed in accepting the Govornor-Generalship og Canada, especially as he had made himself . obnoxious , to a, pprtiqri.pf , the Irishjpeople/byj. his retirement from the present ministry rather than assent to the Land Bill of 1881. But the- Fohians :h'aye a/deeper' '.phjectiPn' to Lord -Lnnsdowrie ; Iie!'is;ran: Tfislf landlord, ' and1 as such- comes 'itride? thoir:barinl';:!Lprd; : Lansdownej-iihowevef;! iis known1 tast a kind' landlord,- character and. homes of, his. /tenantry., . what ,.do> Irish malcontents, care, about;, kind-,, ncBs ? Lord . Frederick Caveridi8li foil a yic-/! tim to 1 thea/maplunations At' Jthe' /very/ Brno/He- was-about' to relax 'some bf the stringent' laws1 which 'his- protlecesSpf had' fo'und 'it' riecesaafy ' to enforce." Jesuit Generals.— The Germania states; .that out of tw;enty!-twb Generals of, the? Jesuit, Order, iplpyen,, just , ,thf .half, have', been-. Italiansr-viz.! Acquayivaj'yitelleschij.Oaralfa, , Piccolomini, Gottifredi, 01ivnf Tamburini, Visconti, Centurioni, Ricci, .and De Fortis. Four have been Spaniards : Ignatius Loyola, Jaime Lainez, Francis Borgia, and Gonzalez. Germany has provided three : Nickel, Mer- curian, and Netz. Three have been from the 'Low Countries — viz., Noyella, Roothan, and the present General, Pierre Beckx ; one Gene ral has been a Pole, Thaddeus Brzozowski. Neither England, France, nor Portugal haB as yet given the Jesuits a General. A peculiar case of Supersti- tion. — The Scotsman says, " On Thursday (July 26) afternoon a child, aged four years, named Michael Galbraith, son of a tinsmith residing in Spence's Land, Coatbridge, idiedriu the following circumstances. Tlie police information states that the child was put to bed on Wednesday evening .all 'right, "andit''- slept well during the night; but'next morning about ten o'clock it began to' take convulsive fits. The raother of the child, becoming alarmed, went to one of the Roman Catholic ' ! priests in town, and stated the precarious con dition of her child.; The reverend gentleman did not go to see the child, but gave her,, something, which lie said : was ; a piped bf.// cement off the '.Chapel', rdt' Knock; iii "fi bland;' at the same time /jhshricfing' her./to put it in',,. rwater, bathe the' child's breast with' it/and '' ' give : it ?tw'o.:orlthree: 'dropsjjniyardly.trj The ; mother did as directed, but the priest's medi- cine had no effect, as the child got worse. Medical aid was summoned, but the child died before a doctor arrived. Dr. Farquharson, . who, saw the; body, .couid. not stato.tlie cause. ,/ of death." A fresh example of Romish Intolerance.— A oorresppudent of- 'the Record, writing from the island of Mauritius, says: "'Publicity: has ''juBt.been gi ven ;iri;the i ' locai.:p'npef8'to a-ripfrespondenco! hetw|xt'the'-' 1 Rbv/'A/Lagier/'the 'Frencli'Clmplaiir'attaclied to'StrJambslsCdriiedral'fGh'urch'bf England,' : arid thb'Rpman Gath'ulic Bishopi ' -TlVe former,- -. par.tly'iinsearc.li .'of '"health-1 and /partly- to- ' . rninistbr'fb aismkll 'ban'd'pf faithfuladhererits A j in'a/distarit'deperidency?of 'Mauriiius./went/a!? Bhort' time-ago to ?' Rodriguez;, a; .'smiil l> ' islarid;"in!;'the t;Indiari ceari,-/ htiont: three M' huridred1, and'/sixty! -miles/ from : Mauritius:- - ; Upon/his nrrivhl.lie :tourid;lh'at he' wa's by thb populatibri in1 general ' very much'J'aB ' the wounded Israelite was treated by the priest and Levite. This dread of contact with Mr. Largier, on the part of the simple folk of Rodriguez, was at length explained to him as being the result of language used ' by the priest (a Government paid servant), 'who, unden 'thb /inspiration bf ' tlie/ -Bishop!;?' - denounced him from the altar as 'un ex-prétre Romain, un rengégat, un apostat, un homme qu'il fallait éviter et se garder méme de valver' [an ex-priest of the Church of Rome, a renegade, an apostate, a man who ought to be avoided, and whom no one ought even to salute]. Mr. -Lagier, liavihgi called ' tho' Roman" Gathblic'1 Bishop's attention to this slanderous and wholly unfounded language, received a reply such as might have been expected, from which one thing only is clear, viz., that the zeal of the cure is highly approved by his depart- mental chief." How these Anti-Christians love one another.—Professor (?) "Hughes at bis-musical -medlee-and address at:- the Theatre Royal on Sunday night gave a bit of lu's mind about Mr. '0. Bright who had offonded-hiin, by -endeavouring /to secure, the'-' i tlieatrel for I himself? at tbe;:expiratib"u iof Mr;1/ '/ Hughes'" engagement;' It is a very pretty? / quarrel.- as-it -stands, .and . just sucli.,,us, often., : occurs in .the .theatrical, ..world. And, in .good truth/wbat is the "/whole thing' but a theatrical 'speculatipii touiewliat less" iii tellectual"" arid : refinedi/ than -vtlie-' genuine dramatic Iperform- : ancos at the same place .winch are strangely ; forhiddgn; i to> .give , a, monopoly ' of -fSiiriday , entqrtainmen ts, to, brothers Hughes and Bright , and /their.: musicians., , Even .the , two quarrel ' ove'riAlie'tenancypf- the house.', jThrifprine'r/iri-/ deto appears p'ri his' own showing, more endued.// / with prpfeRsiiinnl Stige otiqiiette!:' fbr'bavi'ng" 1 conbbived theridea-'of a profitable star'to'iir-in : thefprbvinpes, that/is' to My iri :Ne\v!Ze'aland;o> . when- .lie beard that Mm Bright contemplated I : thesaine thing,; lie, atipnco resigned inifavour »; , of-thAlatter. !;?riiUB| Bright,. cannot' hit, -it off .., either with Lacey or with Hughes : and like the anti- English cliques under O'Donovan Rossa, O'Mahoney, and a host of others, they each look very much to their own, their mutual animosities as bitter as their hatred of the good thing which they attack The McElhone Exposes Himself.— In J the debate oil -Mril Rool.e's motion!, for the subjection, . of cacli, railways rorite'tq .a /select committee, Mr... McElhorie/0 forgot His Vbfo/'of tlie "purist .ana-only incbr? ru'ptdble one : actually admitting jtiiatJlie!lihldl ; voted /for /tlie railway qvift1 'Tidhbarks !ribt'Jon1!1 principle;;but carried away iby'paftyffeeling?''- Ho" now/fegretB it,1 of coiirBof; but the confer 8iou':give8 us;a shock,- -wo thought. there Iwas' .one,-', immaculate inqmbcr.,.; "..Oh l-eyertbae); from (.childhood's homes we've- .known ..our,-., fondest hopes decay." The "Herald" on Dr. Croke's appointment.—"It is not eiisyto find a- 8ati8frictpry/!expTariatibn!bf 'fhe1' off er 'of the Roman -Catholic Archbishopric1 o€ri Sydney i to l-'Dr: ' Croke.?; The' policy-Fob theG Vatican, -.as iiiidicatodauthori tati vely, not1 many, i r months ago, , was , to. discountenance, and ;e.veu;q f orbid, / encpurageraent, , or .assistance, ; on theVf part / of / pjiurch, /'digiiitaries/' to, "movements taintb'd ' with1 disloyalty ' arid : disaffectiori/ / to'watos' toe civil' power. To suqh movemerifs1 iri-Ireland - toe "'Archbishop of ' 'Gd'shel liSs!i' openly given his support,and for doing so, it is well understood, he incurred the dis- pleasure of the Pope. But is it consistent with this policy to translate a prelate who had been identified with such a cause in Ireland, and has used his influence to identify his . Patrick O'Donnell.— After all the bravado of the Fenian folk about the murder of Carey by O'Donnell, and lairoing as they did the deed as a result of their far- reaching arm-: the affair turns out to have been simply a bit of ruffianism on the part of \- the culprit, and by no meanB premeditated or ordered by any one. O'Donnell was ignorant of Carey's identity during the whole voyage to Capetown and recognised liira only by there seeing a good photograph of the Informer. This came out in evidence at the trial. Church with it there, to the midst of a com munity like this, where his antecedents are known, and, even without special action on his part, his very presence in a high place would tend to foster those very evils against which the Vatican has spoken out? The question of interest to the public of New South Wales however, is not so much what the. explanation offered by the authorities at Borne might be, but what would be the probable effects of such an appointment out here. We all remember the direot or indirect results of the forward action of the late Archbishop in the cause of the Church. The passing of the Public Instruction Act was one. In that was included the loss of State aid to education under the Roman Catholic Church. Another was the revival and strengthening of the Orange organisation. Another was the rejection of Roman Catholic candidates at the polls. Another — and perhaps the broadest — was the establishment of a stronger line of demarcation than had existed for many years before between the Protestant majority and the Roman Catholic minority. With the lapse of time, and under favourable conditions, these distinctions might gradually have been softened down- But is it not almost a certainty that they will be brought into stronger prominence than over should .the odium theokgicum be aggravated by political feeling, and should the head of the Roman Catholic Church in the colony be known to be in sympathy, and bo suspected to boiin complicity, with an agitation regarded by the bulk of our people as hostile to the interests of the Empire, and allied to lawless ness and violence ? " Perfectly consistent 0 Herald, for neither Pope nor Bishops care ono straw about N.S.W. and its interests. It Buits the Vatican to get Dr. Croke out of Ireland, and Sydney offers the chance. The Austra lian bishops knew all which the Herald knew, and yet they recommended Dr. Croke, and . are quite won by his patronage of Parnellism, The Herald may be sure that the Popish bishops with scarcely an exception utterly contemn the absurd notion which lias deluded the silly ProteBtants who talk about amalga mation. They live by the odium theologicum, and it is not the platitudes of every thing- arians, or the mawkish liberality of editors, or sneers at the Orange Institution which will make the leopard lie down with the kid. The difference between us- and the Herald is thati whereas we see this and say so, the Herald pretends not to see it, until it is fairly flung in its face. No one has in reality any doubt that "the R. C. Church in- this Colony is in sympathy with an agitation hostile to the interests of the Empire and1 alliedjtoilaw- lessness and violence." - ; "Water Supply— After all the warn ings of the City Engineer and the threats to make .plunge baths illegal because Of' the short supply of water in the Botany dams, alderman after alderman on Tuesday stated their: belief after examination that there was qnito a sufficiency and no ground for alarm. r In fact the dams were much lower in 1880. . The appeal to the public spirit of these who used plunge baths, and not to those who watered their gardens was too one-sided alto-, gether, being a request to one set of men to! refrain from using what they had paidifor ; while encouraging others to use; the water, for. Jwhich i they would pay by meter;' a Any; i measure for; economizing water must be fair.; If - the corporation ; induced i the iwatefers-'of j < gardens to desist;. they would lose the revenue 'derived' therefrom. as per; meter, but if the householder disused his bath, he himself only would lose what he had paid for already in the rates. These ways are not equal. Earl Roseberry's Reply.— We thought the Earl would be tickled by the extraordinary proceeding of the ; Sydney ! Municipal Council sending him an address of ; welcome; after he had left the colony. He calls it unprecedented and pretends that this makes .it the more welcome to him; Of course he is poking fun at them. It'has in-: deed the peculiarity as an address; of wel come,, that it was voted after ! had; been '.some time among you. I heed , not say that. ..this circumstance greatly: enhances; the value of .the icompliment to- me, &c.; Weihope Mr. 'O'Gonnbr xis;!' perfectly . satisfied i that 1 Lord Roseberry was not laughing immoderately Mwhen he;penned these words. ; 