Tale in Verse. LOST IN THE STOHU. " WALK in, walk right in, you're welcome; Wbi'sv 1 bow the wind whiBtles about. Take a chair olose to the fire, sir; It's a bad sort of night to be out. Tou saw our light through the darkness, And thought you would coma? That's right. Somehow my hoart'B warmer and sottcr On ev'ry Buch bluat'rin' night. " Tou seem sort o' pale like and nervous, Tour walk was too muoh, I think; Come to look, you're white as a ghost, sir; Seoma to me you'd better drink. Well, woll, I won't urge you, but really What's that you're sayin'-this night, With Us storm makes you think o! another, And the mom'ry saddens you quite ? " Mayhap il you'd tell me the story, 'Twould ease up your mind a bit. 'Twas just such a night as this one 'Taint likely I'll ever forgit That our blessing came, and somehow When tho wind and storm are abroad, There's a quoer kind o' toelin' in here, A sort o' thanksgiving to God. " What's that you are sayin' ? Oh, surely I couldn't ha' heard you right Did you say that your wife went somewhere, And you dropped in that night? That she went home kind o, early; But they urged you to stay a spell, And told her you'd bring the baby, And see 'twas bundled op well? " At last the wine you'd be'n drinkin' Had Bomehow got into your head; The wind and the storm were dreadful When you started for home, you said ? See hore, stranger, 'twasn't near Alta, Jest five years ago to-night ? I'm thinkin' o' that place always, So I couldn't a heard you right. " It was ? And the baby you held it And staggered on through the snow, Tour brain growin' drowsy and dizzy; And that is the hut you know Of that night and the storm, till some one Found you there crazy and wild, And carried you home; but surely Now didn't they find the child? "No 1-well, I might a known it. From tho first somethin' told me 'twas so. Tou say some wild beast had got it There were tracks all about in the snow. Stranger, Bee here, if a fellow A poor sort o' fellow, you see, Found a purse of gold that its owner Thought he had lost in the sea, " And then he should meet with that owner, Do you think it would be a sin Just to keep it ?-when he who lost it Thought never to see it agin ? Tou do ? Well, go on with your story, Tour wifo ? Might a known she went wild, And told you not to oome nigh her Agin till you brought back her child. " Five years sad-hearted and lonely, Five years you've be'n wanderin' about. All, well I to me they've be'n happy; Tes, wife, go bring Dolly out. I see my way dear to duty, Whon she s right here on my knee; Her white arm's clingin' about me, I'm d little iaint-hesrted you see. " Oomo hore, little Dolly, my baby, Givo daddy one more kiss and then I'm a belter man than without her, I could ever hopo to a be'n. Now hore is my story-don't cry, wife, It's tough, but it's right, you know: That night, sir, ridin' from Alta, I was curain' the wind and tho snow. "When my horse stumbled right over something, And whon I got oft to seo, 'Twas a dead man leastways I thought so, And a child that smiled at me. I unbuttoned my coBt and laid it In here away from the storm, And somehow, from that very minnit, My heart's be'n soft-like and warm. " Wo wore oorain' west, so we kept it; 'Twan't ours, and we might a Known We'd some day get punished for keepin The gold that wasn't our own; And while you were tellin' your story The Devil kept whisperin' to mo, 1 Don't toll him; lie never will know it: He thinks the child dead, you see.' "But I just Iliad to-that baby Willi her outo ways has charmed mo quite; Once I didn't care a copper, sir, If a thing were wrong or right, But now-well, hero is your baby; Her loss cured you of your sin. Lost in the storm, the storm drove you Bight here to find her agin." -Rose Ilartwick Thorpe. A DAKOTA schoolmistress sued three young men for breach of promise. Counsel for one of the defendants moved for a nonsuit on the ground that she was too promiscuous. The , court seemed disposed to grant the motion, I wheroupon the plaintiff asked: " Judge, did I you ever go dack-Bhooting?" His Honor's I eyes lighted up with the pride of a sportsman as lie answered: " Well, I should say so; and many's the time that I've brought down a dozen at a shot." " I knew it," oagerly added the fair plaintiff; " that's just tlio case with me, judge. A flock of these fellows besieged me, and I winged three of tliem." The motion for a nonsuit was denied. 