A True Ghost Story. It guest night at Hie mess of the 18th Ifcsgoon/Guards. The raiment , had been Btation^d Jor the last two yjBam at Ifeemt. VTo-night,' besides tantaH civilians the ofilccsrsof the 121st •Regiment -were the guests of the Dragoons. The: barracks. were fine, lane buildings, built in Eastern style, and the spacious mess and ante-rooms were not behind the other portions of the barracks in general appearance. Mess was over now, and they had all adjonzned to the ante-room and were divided into various groups—Bome : ^smoking, eomfe card-playing—all enjoying themselves. Presently the conversation turned on ghosts and ghost stories. Most of the officers present expressed their utter disbelief in anything of the kind. "Oateh me believing in sunh trash," exclaimed Lieutenant Cheekington, a bright, blue^eyed lad of twenty, •who was in the 21st, " there aren't such things as ghosts, they're Always some- body dressed up in & sheet—some mischievous fellow bent on pfoying pranks. What do yon say, Major?" he bon- ' tinned, addressing a tall, fair, haiadsbme man, Bertram Leicester, the senior Major of the 18th Dragoons, "yon haven'tfpoken yet. Come, give OS your opinion on the subject." "Well," the Major answered, slowly, may or may .not be sheh things as ghoets. I cannot say; but certainly I have seen what appeared to ane coid to all wko saw the apparition to befiomething aafteomstaiaL*' f i " Tell ns about it, do," chtorussed ell the fellows near; "you don't mean to <»y that yon have seen a real live !" exclaimed O'Snllivan, an - Irish Bnbftltem of the Dragoons ! " Major Leicester will now ps. analghost jstory whichactaally "Xhavsn't said I would," answered the Major; " but if you fellows would really like to hear it, M tell you about ; iAatruv. T am especially reminded of it to-night, as it is this night three years cdnoe jny story occurred," continned Leicester in a grave voice, very unlike his usual cherry tone. "Poor Jack," he' sighed and his deep bine eyes filled with tears. By this time some thirty fellows had gathered round Leicester, anxious to to hear his stoiy. . " This time three years ago," began the Major," X was quartered at Calcutta with my old regiment,.lhe 10th Dragoon Guards. At the time of which X speak, we had been in India for over ten yean, and our turn of service was nearly over I wasthejuniormajorofiheI)ragoonstheii. Ton biow I only exchanged irito this regiment two years ago. ."Happy* as I am, and we all are, I nmst-eayl never met ia kinder, better-hearted set of fellowa than those of my old Tegimient It's natural that I should have affection for a regiment in wl apent over fifteen years, of m; xou know the reasons which * to I had lost all iny ives since 1 had been in India ' ' had no tie whatever to induce me to tam to Eng^d, the Indian life suited me, and, finally, the' fact of my did stM-fdhtw, Bairington, being ml' 18th wB£ a great inducement to me joto; ! ^ata ^ra bneWBcn^in the ID named Jack Macgreggor, the great £nendl ever-had. We went byjftanames of " Saul and Jonathan" in 1 regiment, and, indeed the fellows i laughing^ to eay timt that Ihere no chance '' bf eilliHr of ub nur while we both remained so devotee one another. . ; ; v "We joined the same day, and had been before at Eton and 8am" together, BO ours was a loitering FRII ship. But he was not only my butthatof e^ery fellow jn the from the colonel down to the drummer-boy. Tall, handsome, " made, withhis briglit, bine eyes, hair, and frank, open expresaoij vas the Tory htm &eal; of an officer andgenflfimim. Gifted far the average by nature, he was ' Hie darling of the mees, and tho adored bim, and would do a their favourite 'capting.' _ J "But it was not only personal pto and that won him a liking, generous.. kind-hearted.'fellow breefli ed-' Eyeiyoneeame to thmrtrouble, no matter -whether the youngest «ob/ whoee love of | joking had led him too far, or! 5bmmy AJiins's wtfe, mdistress t her liMlmna^ UrinVingfor she knew thatifonly'the 4 -wotild say a kind, finn wri husband, th»e m^ght be a * a - '' Vmcgtegor would give aw«r his -4«ad MJie eoald,' said our oohma, one day, anil think he was what a favourite he was with us all, ana how sonywe were when we heard that he was under orders to take oommand of a detachment at a very small oat- " ig station many miles np country, was to be away for three months. I need not say how I missed him, for this was my first experience of the regiment without him; for since we had been in India we tiidlieea fortunate enough to get and spend onr leave together. indeed, every one rem y.deed Jiow dull it wsi without chseij, lively Jock. "At the time of which 1 speak he had been away on detachment duty for two months. This day, three years ago, I had a long <&eeiy; letter from him, but he made no mention of his work being over. It was a very wet afternoon, and having nothing much to do, I sat down and wrote a long letter to him, and then went out and posted it- "I remember the rain cleared off about six o'clock, and' it turned outa lovely moon-light, Starlitxight- i That evening we had no guests dining at the mess, and, as it happened, not a fellow in the regiment, beside Jack, was absent from the table—even McNeill our senior major, a married man, who rarely dined with ne,.was jfteaent. "How vividly the scene all comes back to me now—the long, h>w spacious mess-room with the prettily famished ante-room beyond—the.windpwBjbrowto wide open, with the lace curtains blowing to and fro at ererj breath of the wind—the sweet scent of the mignonette and roses in the window boxes, and beyond the clear cold light of the moon pouring down upon th< e pretty garden outage, and fighting up snowy whiteness, the white jacket of the sentry keeping watch the barrack-square 1 Inside, the pretty dinner table with its sparkling glass and silver, and the gorgeous Eastern fruits and flowers sum as we never get in Knginnfl. We dined at 7 30 p.m, and had been at the table some time when one of «sr captains remarked to me: "' So you bad a letter from Jack this morning, Leicester. Jolly lucky fellow you are, too, to have lucid from Ihim. You're the only man he's written to once he's been away. How isle ? All Berene, I hope ?' "' Judging from his letter, I should say brimming over with his usual good health and spirits,' I answered, pawring Jack's epistle on to Forteecne; 'readit for yourself.' '* We were discussing onr dessert, the waiters had gone out of the room, and we were all talking about a ball wearere going to the next nia^ in <3alcutta, to be given by one of the native princes, when, to our surprise, Jack IT whom we jnlieved, to be a miles away, entered the room through an open door. Hn looked rather pale, and one or two of as fancied we saw a dark red patch on the left ride of the dark grey eoit he was wearing; but beyondthat, he looked the same cheery Jack as of old. Ae he entered, the dock of the barradc-BqUare struck nine. He stood and looked at ns a moment, and thai passed slowly down the room. We thought he was going to his usual mi «< Halloo, old fellow, we are glad to have you back again, and no mistake/ shouted several of our fellows; 'if only we had kno^ii that you were coming, the band -should hare played "See, the conquering bero comes."' " * T6u «Jy dog,' exclaimed Eortesjoob, waving Jto^t B letter to me, aloft <tE have £gf& Reading your letter, Fancy wziting io Leicester, and never even hinting that you ware coming. -"Bat, ~tq Sot Surprise, Ma^gregor -walked aid. of the room* without-taking , any notice of our remarks, end then stood still and looked at ns all for a moment. " * Sit idown,' old man, and make raundf-^st h«ne, once more. By Jove, ife quite-refreshing to see your xjieery faoe here, again,' called out our jolly^ld Coloaei, iroin the other end of tliet^ifei' - \- "But instead of answering, he waSoB^MUik to the door, stood in the doorway' a moment took a loi— 6ORW>wful gaze at UB, and disappear Perhaps yon will wonder why none of oagtftin|> to shake Jack % the hand, but, to tell &e1ruth;, we. were all so myistifiedby this 'unwonted conduct on his part lhat it never even etxUck us to touch him in any way. " ' Why,. what on earth's come to Macgregor P 1 weall exclaimed,' coming back snddenly like this, wad never saying a word about it—it is so utterly "'He can't be well, surely,' added SmtGtoihmei; 'now I think of it he certainly, lppked rather pale. Ho doubt he's gone to his. quarters. Oblige me, will you, Leioeeter, by going to his rooms, and say I should be glad to see him as soon as convenient.' r < So I went to the. officers' quartos' which were not above two minutes, Walk frfim the SISBS room, wondering deeply at my dinm's strange behaviour. The; door of Macgregors room was shut < I burst in, saying c " * Well, old fdlow, what axe you up to now P " Bat to my anprise he was not in the room, his servant was not to be semi —the room was quite empty, as I could see by the brilliant moonlight, andinst as heiuuiieft ittwo months ago. Mace pooled than ever I went back to the mesB- room. ' 'Well, have you seen Macgregor, Leicester? adced the Colonel, as * ^ -- • * • • encsrea. ; *No, Golone^, I answered, haven't^ he .has evidenfly, not been to iEis quarters, for i found th^anahnt np as }ie left them, Uid"I cannot seehim anywhere.' "« This is man aid more extraoidirt oacB,' Bsid Ookaid Browne) tiitee is ewdeafljr" eomethTng wrong. J ydiall is sure to " And so some Oolonel trooped across entrance £ate v said the Colonel, ' did Captain ftbucgiegor pass through the just before nine o'clo ora^anyothpr time since you have been oii guard P ' Ko, sr,' answered the luting, 'no one has been thnragh- tonight but Major Tjeiceeter, who passed out this evening at six o'clock^ and three or toot troopers of B troop.' 'Well, anyhow,Captain Uatgregor came into the mess-room just now as the iclock smick nine. 33unk, now, he must have passed through &e; gates.' "'Ko,mx,' audthe man, firmly; 'if I was a dyin', and it was the last word I ever gain, Pd say what J. sea now, that Captain Macgregor's not been through to-night.' " 'It's quite evident be knows nothing about it,' the Colonel remarked aside to me. ' I suppose you are quite sure that it was Major Leicester, and not Captain Macgregor who went by at six o'clock?' " Certain, sir. Never more positive of anvtiiing in m^life, sir.' > "' He's qmte right, Colonel.' I said: <Idid pass by soon after six o'clock this evening. I went out to post the letter I Jbiad been writang'to Macam sure O'Keefe knows nothing about this extraordinary affair,' remarked the Colonel, as we walked away. 'But I must examine the other sentries who have beta on duty during the day/ "So the sentries were examined, but, like O'Keefe, oould throw no light on the myBtery, and oiie and all were most emphatic in their denial as to having seen Macgregor. We felt there was nothing to be done but to returnjto the mess-room and talk about it-. " Meantime^, while we had been questioning the sentries, the youn| had exploxedall the quartew-^wth oc-1 cupied and empty—thinking, although it was utterly unlike him, he might have been playing & practical joke on us. But rt was all of no avail, and no traces were to be seen of him. • {*' ' QeatlaaeB,' '%aid the Colonel, as the subs retnrned .from their fruitless all my fifty years' ex- ' "ence I have never known anything ~ is. It quite beats me that Mac- V whom we all believed to be a undred miles away, ehonld have returned In this sndden manner, and behaved in such an extraordinary way. Possibly we may have been the victims of a practical joke. Some officer from gtinfluiT regiment may have got himself up to look .like Jack. No one in his regiment could have done it, as we were all present and all saw him. As someone may have played a joka on ns, I shall most certainly telegraph to Macgregor in the morning.' " Next morning, • as he said, the Colonel telegraphed to Jack, inquiring whether he was still at Burrampore. "'If he's all right hell think it rathe* strange, no doubt, but I can eaaly explain,' said our chiefs as we sat down to breakfast. ' At all events, it will be a relief to know the meaning Hlaatli!glifeaila£r? ~ ' " Tte wordB had hardly left his mouth, when a mess-waiter appeared bearing a telegram for Colonel Browne. Beply prepaid. As the colonel opened it, the clo& ttxuck nine. ' " * Good God T said the chief, a moment latay^turning as white as a duei^ f Maogtegor Uns killed last niglit at mne o'dodL'; ' A And he read in a husky voice: z ji "f MMor Carrington, Burrampore, to 0<doneT BrownB, Calcutta.' Poor Jade Matgregor, of yonrregiment, was etabbed to deatii last nMit exactly at n ^ "^ be asdgnitd ^T 'jthe ^attrlsixtons deed—the work of a native. ' Wh^ am I to. do? Wire reply at once." * "' So this is the sorrowful explanation oflast night's mystery,' I said. 'I am not a'believar in the supernatural, but surely it must have been poor Jade's spirit that appeared to us.' '"I think it must be Leicester,' said our Colonel, gravely; and all the fellows were of the same opinicm. "Of one thing everyone was certain—that poor Macgregor had. appeared to us jat the very moment of his death—how,-and' why, was more than 'we could attempt to exjdain. You may say, perhaps, that it was an hallucination of the brain. Granted but, if so, it was an hallucination to whh^i. we were dU subjected. - Iahallnever forget, to my dying hour.' the mournful day which followed the receipt of that awnd teiqgram.. .Not bman but felt broken-hearted, and some of onrbij and linnet of our troopers cried children when they heard of tiieloesof their favorite' capting." That night the GtSond, myself, and two others set off with allpossSde i to bring back the body- of our friend and comrade, Jack Macgregor. As we took a long last £sreirai at the face of onr dear, dead friend, we noticed that ther^, on the broad, manly chest, rare.-enough, -was Jthe' deadly wound an the leftside, where we had noticed the dark, red patch on his coat. The murdelrer," wrebiied man, shot himself two daysa^ter in a fit of remans for the awful deed that he had committed. And so he passed awtCy for ever from ottr midst, by the hand of a mnrderer, but the msmorr of brnve JadcHiu^gorwl never be forgotten by those that knew him. .My tale is finished, I have just given you a plain, unvarnished stwtwnent of facts, and I dedare solemnly to you that leaw Jack asjdainly asl now see all you leUows tn front oftae." WeH, at" all evei^a, it's a queer was the gmeal opinion, and laeutenant CSteddiwton even went as Jsr JU tojranaiircut he felt quite 