CHILDREN'S COLUMN. JERSEYS, OR THE GIRLS' GHOST. [By Louisa M. Alcott, in St. Nicholas.} " Now, my lads and lasses, we must hurry, or we shall never empty this portfolio. Find easy places, and I will read several to-night; we are so early, there will be time enough," said Aunt Elinor, as the flock settled down, ready, as usual, for an unlimited supply. " Never mind about ohoosing. Take the first that comes. We shall like it, whatever it is," answered Miu, twirling her wheel busily and with a good deal of skill. " This is my one ghost story, and such a very mild one it won't frighten anybody." And amid a little stir of interest the reader began:— "Well, what do you think of her? She has only been here a day, but it doesn't take vs long to make up our minds," said Nelly Blake, the leader of the school, as a party of girls stood chattering about the register one cold November morning. "Hike her, she looks so fresh and pleasant, and so strong. 1 just wanted to go and lean up against her, when my back ached yester day, answered Maud, a pale girl wrapped in a shawl. " I'm afraid she's very energetic, and I do hate to be hurried," sighed plump Cordelia, lounging in an easy-chair. "1 know she is, for Biddy says she asked for a pail of cold water at six this morning, and she's out walicing now. Just think how horrid !" cried Kitty with a shiver. "I wonder what she does for her com plexion. I never saw such a lovely colour; real roses and creamsaid Julia, shutting one eye to survey the freckles on her nose with a gloomy frown. " I longed to ask what sort of braces she wears to keep ber so straight. I mean to, by and-by ; she looks as if she wouldn't snub a body,' and Sally vainly tried to square lier round shoulders, bent with much poring over books; for she was the bright girl of the school. "She wears French corsets, of course. Nothing else gives one such a fine figure," answered Maud, dropping the shawl, to look with pride at her own wasp-like waist aud stiff back. 'She couldn't move about so easily and gracefully if she wore a straight jacket like you. She's not a bit of a fashion-plate, but a splendid woman, just natural and hearty and sweet. I feel as if I shouldn't slouch so much if I had her to brace me up," cried Sally in her enthusiastic way. " I know one thing, girls, and that is she can wear a jerBey and nave it set elegantly, and we can't," said Kitty, labouring with ber own, which would wrinkle and twist, in spite of many bidden pinB, "Yes, I looked at it all breakfast time, and forgot my second cup of coffee, so that my head aches as if it would split. I never saw anything fit so splendidly in my life," an swered Nelly, turning to the mirror, which reflected a fine assortment of many-coloured jerseys; for all the girls were out in their fall suits, and not one of the new jackets sat like that worn by _ Miss Orne, the uew teacher, who had arrived to take Madame's place while that excellent old lady was laid up with a rheumatic fever. " They are pretty and convenient, but I'm afraid they will be a trial to some of us. Maud and Nellv look the best, but they have to keep Btiff ana still or the wrinkles come. Kit has no peace in hers, and Door Cordy looks more like a mealbag than ever, while I am a perfect spectacle with my round shoulders and long, thin arms. A jersey on a bean-pole describes me; but let us be in tbe fashion or die !" laughed Sally, exag gerating her own defects by poking her head forward and blinking through her glasses in a funny way. There was a laugh and then a pause, broken in a moment by Maud, who said in a tone of apprehension— " I do hope Miss Orne isn't full of the new notions about clothes, and food, and exercise, and rights, and rubbish of that sort. Mamma bates such ideas, and so do L" " I hope she is fall of good, wise notions about health, and work, and studv. It is just what we need in this school. Madame is old and lets things go, and the other teachers only care to get through and have an easy time. We ought to be a great deal better, brisker, and wiser than we are, and I'm ready for a good ' stirring-up' if any one | will give it to us," declared Sally, who was a very independent girl, and had read as well as studied much. "You Massachusetts girls are always raving about self-culture, and ready for queer new ways. I'm contented with the old ways, and wish to be let alone and 'finished oft' easily," said Nelly, the pretty New Yorker. " Well, I go with Sally, ana want all I can get in the way of health, learning, and manners while I'm here, and I'm really glad Miss Orne has come, for Madame's old fashioned ' nimiiiy-priminy' ways did fret me dreadfully. Miss Orne is more like our folks j out West—spry and strong and smart, see if S--U. » T.ilJi ttri+l, <1 nn/l nf she isn't," said Julia, with a decided nod of her auburn head. " There she is, now ! Girls, she's running ! actually trotting up the avenue—not like a hen, but like a boy—with her elbows down and her head up. Do come and see !" cried Kitty, dancing about at the window as if she longed to go and do likewise, All ran, in time to see a tall young lady come up the wide path at a good pace, look ing as fresh and blithe as a goddess of health, as she smiled and nodded at them so like a girl, that all returned her salute with equal cordiality. " She gives a new sort of .interest to the old treadmill, doesn't she," said Neliy, as they scattered to their places at the stroke of 9, feeling unusually anxious to appear well before the new teacher. While they pull down their jerseys and take up their books, we will briefly state that Madame Stein's select boarding-school had for many years received six girls at a time and " finished them off" in the old style. Plenty of French, German, music, painting, dancing, and deportment turned out well bred, accomplished, and amiable young ladies, ready for fashionable society, easy lives, and entire dependence on other people. Dainty and delicate creatures usually, for, as in most schools of this sort, minds and manners were much cultivated, but bodies rather neglected. Heads and backs ached, dyspepsia was a common ailment, ana " poorlieB" of all sorts afflicted the dear girls who ought not to have known what " nerves" meant, and who should have had no bottles in their closets holding wine and iron, cough- mixtures, and codliver oil for weak lungs. Gymnastics had once flourished, hut the fashion had gone by; and a short walk each day was all the exercise they took, though they might have had, in good weather, fine rambles about the spacious grounds, and glorious romps in the old coach bouse and bowling-alley, when it rained; for the house was in the suburbs and had once been a fine country mansion. Some of the liveliest girls did race down the avenue now and then, when Madame was away, and one irrepressible creature had actually slidden down the wide balusters, to the horror of the entire household. In cold weather all grew lazy, and cuddled under blanketB and around the registers, like bo many warmth-loving pussies, poor Madame's rheumatism causing her to enjoy a hothouse temperature and to indulge the girls in luxurious habits. Finally, she had been obliged to give up entirely and take to her bed, saying, with the resignation of an indolent nature— "If Anna Orne takes charge of the school I shall feel no anxiety. She is equal to any thing." She certainly looked capable as she came into the. schoolroom ready for her day's work, with her lungs full of fresh air, her brain stimulated by sound sleep, wholesome exercise, and a simple breakfast, and her mind much interested in the task before her. The girls' eyes followed her as she took her place, involuntarily attracted by the unusual spectacle of a robust woman. Everything onious, ana about her seemed so freBh, harmonious, happy, that it was a pleasure to see the bril liant colour in her cheeks, the thick waveB of glossy hair on her spirited head, the flash of white teeth as she spoke, and the clear, bright look of eyes both Keen and .kind. But the girls' moBt admiring glances were be stowed upon the dark-blue jersey that showed the fine curves of the broad shoulders, round waist, and plump arms, without a wrinkle to mar its smooth perfection. Girls are quick to see what is genuine, to respect what is strong, and to love what is beautiful; and before that day was over Miss Orne had charmed them all, for they felt that she was not only able to teach but also to help aud amuse them. After tea, the other teachers went to their rooms, glad to be free from the clatter of half a dozen lively tongues, but Mies Orme remained in the drawing- room and Bet the girls to dancing till they were tired, then gathered them round the long table to do what they liked till prayer-time. Some had novels, others did fancy-work or lounged, and all wondered what the new teacher would do next. Six pairs of curious eyes were fixed upon her as she sat sewing on some queer bits of crash, and six lively fancies vainly tried to guess what the articles were, for no one was rude enough to ask. Presently she tried on a pair of mittens, and surveyed them with satisfac tion, saying, as she caught Kitty staring with uncontrollable interest— "These are my beautifiers, and I never like to be without them." "Are they to keep your hands white?" asked Maud, who spent a great deal of time in caring for her own. I w< caring for her own. I wear old kid gloves at night after putting cold cream on mine." "I wear these for five minutes night and morning, for a good rub, after dipping them in cold water. Thanks to these rough friends I seldom feel the cold, always have a good colour, and keep well,' answered Miss Orne, polishing up her smooth cheek till it looked like a rosy apple. "I'd like the colour, hut not the crash. Must it be so rough, and with cold water ?" asked Maud, who often privately rubbed her pale face with a bit of red flannel, rouge being forbidden. " It is best so; but there are other ways to get a colour. Bun up and down the avenue three or four times a day, eat no pastry, and go to bed early," said Miss Orne, whose sharp eye had spied out the little weaknesses of the girls, and whose kind heart longed to help them at once. "It makes my back ache to ran, and Madame nsed to say we were too old now." " Never too old to care for your health, my dear. Better run now than He on a sofa by and-by with a back that never stops aching." "Do you cure your headaches in that way?" asked Nelly, rubbing her forehead wearily. " I never have themand Miss Orne's bright* right eyes were full of pity for all pain. " What do you do to help it ?" cried Nelly, who firmly believed that it was inevitable. " I give myBelf plenty of rest, air, and good food. I never know I have any nerves except by the enjoyment they give me, for I have leamt bow to use them, I was not j brought up to beUeve that I was born an invalid, and I was taught to understand the beantifnl machinery God gave me, and to keep it religiously in order." MisB Orne spoke so seriously that there was a brief pause in which the girls were wishing that sorue one had taught them this lesson and made them as strong and lovely as their new teacher. If crash mittens would make my jersev s, I'd have a pair at once, said sit like yours, Cordy, sadly eyeing the buttons on her own, which seemed in danger of flying off if their plump wearer moved too quickly. " Brisk runs are what 'you want, and less confectionery, sleep, ana lounging in easy ~ i, all ready I chairs," began Miss Orne, all ready to pre scribe for these poor girls, the most important part of whose education had been so neg " Why, how did you know?" said Cordy, blushing as she bounced out of her luxurious seat ana whisked into her pocket the paper of chocolate creams she was seldom without. Her round eyes and artless surprise set the others to laughing and gave Sally courage to ask, then and there, what she had secretly been longing to ask— "Miss Orne, I wish you would show us how to be strong and hearty, for I do think girls are a feeble set nowadays. We cer tainly need a' stirring-np,' and I hope you will kindly give us one. Please begin with me, and then the others will see that I mean what I say." Miss Orne looked up at the tall, overgrown girl who stood before her with the broad Forehead, near-sighted eyes, and narrow chest of a student; not at all what a girl of seven teen should be physically, though a clear mind and a brave spirit Bhone in her clever face and sounded in her resolute voice. " I shall very gladly do what I can for you, my dear. It is very simple, and I am sure that a few months of my sort of training will help you much, for you are just the kind of girl who should have a strong body to keep pace with a very active brain," answered Miss Orne, taking Sally's thin, inky fingers in her own with a friendly pressure that showed her good will. " Madame says violent exercise is not good for girls, so we gave up gymnastics long ago,' said Maud in her languid voice, wish ing that Sally would not suggest disagreeable things. " One does not need clubs, dumb-bells, and bars for my style of exercise. Let me sliow you," and, rising, Miss Orne went through a series of energetic, but graceful evolutions, which put every muscle in play without great exertion. " That looks easy enough," began Nelly.J 1 "Try it," answered Miss Orne, with a sparkle of fun in her blue eyes. They did try it, no doubt to the astonish ment of the solid portraits on the wall, un used to such antics in that dignified apart ment, But some of the girls were out of breath in five minutes, and others could not lift their arms over their heads. Maud and Nelly broke several bones in their corsets trying to stoop, and Kitty tumbled down in her efforts to touch her feet without bending her knees. Sally made the best motions, being easy in her clothes, and full of enthu siasm. "Pretty well for beginners," said Miss Orne, as they paused at last, flushed and merry. "Do that regularly every day and yon will soon gain a few inches across the chest and fill out the new jerseys with firm, elastic figures." " Like yours," added Sally, with a face full of such honest admiration that it could not offend. Seeing that she had made one convert, and knowing that girls, like sheep, are sure to follow a leader. Miss Orne said no more then, hut waited for the lesson to work. The others called it one of Sally's notions, but were interested to see how she would go on, and had great fun when they went to bed, watching her faithful efforts to imitate her teacher's rapid and effective motions. " The windmill is going!" cried Kitty, as several of them Bat on the bed, laughing at the long arms swinging about. " That is the hygienic elbow exercise, and that the Orne quickstep—a mixture of the grasshopper's skip ana the water-bug's slide," added Julia, humming a tune in time to the stamp of the other's foot. " We will call these the Jersey Jymnasties, and spell it with a J, my dears," said Nelly; and the name was received with as much applause as the young ladies chose to give it at that hour. " Laugh on, but see if yon don't all follow my example sooner or later when I become a model of grace, strength, and beauty," re torted Sally, as she turned them out and went to bed, tinglineall over withadelicious glow that sent the blood from her hot head to warm her cold feet, and bring her the sound, refreshing sleep she so much needed. This was the beginning of a new order of things; for Miss Orne carried her energy into other matters besides gymnastics, and no one dared onpese her when Madame shut her ears to all complaints, saying, " Obey her in everything, and don't trouble me." (To be continued). 