CITY POLICE COURT. Monday, But January. lîKFOiin the assistant police-magistrate, Messrs. Warry and Woodburn, B P. DRUNK AND DisuitiiuithV.-Five inebriates were discharged. Oiisuhnk Lanuuaiih. - Susan M'Gowan pleaded guilty to a charge of using obscene language in Albert-street. Sergeant Burke, who prosecuted, stated that the accused was a very disorderly character. The bench fined the accused 40s., with the alternative of of six weeks' imprisonment. Kate Collins, against whom there are no less than seventy previous convictions recorded, also pleaded guilty to a similar charge,' and was fined 40s., with the alternative of forty-eight hours' in the cells, the bench taking into consideration the fact that the accused was only recently discharged from the Toowoomba Gaol. William M'Jley hotels, jim., charged with using obscene language and also with assaulting the arresting constable (Quinn) by, striking him with his clenched fist in the face, pleaded guilty. Sergeant Burke stated that the accused was turn- ing out a bad boy, but this was his first appearance before the court. The bench fined the accused COx., with the alternative of six weeks' imprisonment on the charge of obscene language, and for assaulting Constable Quinn, he was fined 10s., with the option of seven days' imprisonment. ¿xsmtTiNOi l'Uoji Ditto Skhvjuk,- Thomas Maloney, an elderly man, was brought up charged with deserting from the hired service of Robert M'Orory, at Mount Jisk. In this case the accused was remanded until Thursday next on the application of Sergeant Burke, who stated that the man had been arrested by telegram, and the warrant had not yet arrived from Mount Esk. Bail was allowed the accused in his own recognisance of ' £20. Dick and Peter, two South Sea islanders, were brought before the court charged with deserting the hired service of Frank Drier, of Beenleigh. In this case the bench ordered the discharge of the " boys," who were sent to the depot. IjAiifiKNY.-Michael Houlahan, a lad about 12 years of age, was charged with stealing a quantity of lead, brass, Asa, from Wooils's foundry, in Edward- street. In this case Sergeant Burke intimated that there was another boy connected with the robbery who had not yet been arrested, and he therefore applied for the remand of the accused until Wednesday morning. The bench accordingly granted the remand, but allowed the boy to go home with his mother in the meantime on her promising to produce him at the court on Wednesday morning. Bkiamy.-Charles William Thompson, on remand, was charged with bigamy. Inspector Lewis, who prosecuted, stated that some of the witnesses in this case had to he subpoenaed from Maryborough, and could not arrive here before Tuesday, he therefore applied for the further remand of the accused until Wednesday next. The bench accordingly granted the remand. Tub Bishop of Lichfield announces to his clergy that he has founded a new clerical order for what precise purpose does not transpire to which, after much deliberation and prayer, he has decided to give the name of the " Pastoral Order of the Holy Ghost, 