lUNWELCOME ATTENTIONS- There have been numerous complaints pub lished with reference to tho want of atten tions shown by some of tbo officials of oar lines of railway towards passengers, and irticularly to those who aco accompanied by riimbeisome luggage, which roquLns romoval fnim train to cah, or vice ivtm. In this par ticular fioah regulations have offootod a on- pid'rablo impcovomont, 'and tho modo of doing work doaiguatod aa the "Govorumont stroke" is uow toloratol at bvt fow railway stations where- tho traffic is at all brisk. But white fully np prociatiog tho incroaSiHl civility of tbo railway fiMpfoyrs, there aro oertain small attentionj towards lady travellers, the yraotico of whioh, when detected, should bo at once roportod tn j the aulhoritiop.and condignly pnolshed. It nas bc« n alleged frcqently of late by ladies travelling on tho liuo betweon Melbourne end Williama- town, that a ticket oolloator, who is stationed at ths S(>oncor stroot tormina, is in the habit of squeezing tho hands of fotn tie as thoy hand to him their pieces o! pa-itob iard for tho purposo cf having tho small piec-» nipped out of thtm ; and although such a familiarity might occur by accident in an iso lated caro or two, it has boon founl, on com paring noto, that tbohuid proa&oro; iuvariably occurred whon ono particular man was on duty at tho gate, And that not cue only, but many, ladies hod to ooniplain of tho annoyance from tbo same quarto;. A few days ago a lady residing at Footscray was tnado the re- cipiont of thiaotfensivo contact as she surron- dorod her ticket, and fooling considerably in censed at what sho biw to bo a deliberate inrult, she turnod upon the official nnd abused him soundly for bis importiuonoo. If this Amorous porter has any excuse to makofor hi- conduct, ho should bo allowed theoppir trinity for making it to his anpdrior officers: but in the meantime, in juiticoto tho travel ling public, ho should be at once removod from a 'post which offers biin such temptation to trnnrgrosslng tho bounds of deoormu. Kvon supposing that his defonco should be that Irs peculiar method of eocuringa fomalo pa»song»r's ticket is in voluntary and innocent, his misfortune migh' load to serious unpleasnntncsf, the occurrence of which it would be most injudicious to pormi nt a publio station : for, without doubt, untoss tlio annoyance is discontinued forthwith, "tho male companion of somo vioiim of this man's impertinence will take tbo law iuto hi own hands and adminbter the castigRion so richly merited by tbojoffendor. A THIRD EDITION of The 1tnnALi>,with tbo latest about the Oriental Bnk, and otlior items of news will bo published this afternoon. The startling information given in Tin: IlKiuLPof Sitarday, tbnt tha Orioutal Bink had btopped paymont, oroatod a sensation iu tbo city And suburbs. Altkungh tbo uows di ' not roach us till half past ono, and wo had then to verify it, copies of Tiik Ukuald wor selliug iu tbo streets at two o'clook. Tho iu formation reached us from a private ourco,and tho intclligaaca wo rocoivod was tbat "tho Oriental Bank ha3 failed." For this wo paid our informant ono guinea per woid, and wo are at nil times roady to pay well for important information. Owing to the fact tbat the directors of the various banks had to m«ot this moraine?, th- mceting of managers of tho Aoociuted Bank lo consider the position of affairs, will nu bo held till this aftornom. Particulars o what ha been decided on, will bs givou i n out THIRD EDITION. Tbera was a groat rush for TiikHrkald on Saturday, the publio desiring to ascertain thi startling news of tbo stoppage of the Orionti Bank. Over 50,000 copies wero eagerly taken up Those tradesmen who took Tits Herald on Saturday, saved themselves from bring victi mised by Oriental Bank notes. In order that it may bo judged bow promptly the nows of tha stoppage of payment by the Oriental Bank was mode publio on Saturday through the columns of Tint Hkkald, it may be mentioned that Tub Hkralo is in tele graphic communication with several provincial papers and on receipt of tho intelligence the news wbb telegraphed to them. At Sandhurst the stoppage was known to a portion of (he press before the officials of the local branch were awar of it. In The Hksald olUoa every cffoit was made to place the state of the case boforo the public without delay, and although our morning contemporaries gave ex tended notices of tbo affair, thoy wore anable to supply much that was now to the public. All tbat was added was aftor all mere sur miee. The Government have about L1SO,000 al told in tho Oriontal Bank. To- day was a trying one for bank managers and directors, but so far all baa pascod off well. The question is What will the Associated Banks do at thoir meeting this afternoon? he stoppage of the Oriental Bank has not, up to tbo present, interfered in any way with the sales of turning stock on 'Change ; in fact, tho market i roported to be very firm indeod. : Sales of tho defunct bank's notes were bought up by Bpeaalativo pcoplo at 14s apiece. There is comparatively littlo fresh to note in connection with the Oriental Bauk this mero ing. Themanagor decliocs to give informa- .ion to tho shareholder, the customers aud be Press, aud tho managers of the Associated Bbnks will uot meet till thii aftornoon. Tho Oriental Bank had but £31,000 in g»'d in its safo ntthe clearing house, but their liabili ties for exchanges wers about £40,000, the week being an exceptionally heavy one. Some lawyorsbore of standing recommend tbat action should, if possible, be tAken to have th bank wound np here instead of in England. But it is doubtful If this can be done. Mr J. 13. Watson, of Sandhurst, is said to have LGO.OOO in tho Oriental Bank. He is said to be a shareholder, but, as will bo soon; hie name is not in the list, and the statomsnt mu»t therefore be a mistake. Thero was a wild rubor iu the city to-day that there was certain to bo a run on at lees t"-o or three batiks, wbich were freely named W«i aro glad to say that no such stupid panic entucd, but that tbo various bankswent oa with th'.ir bueiceee as usual, dealing withapplhations ?rom old Oriontal Bank cnrtomerA as favorably ha the circumstances would permit. A th-« Oriental Bank has not made losses in it' A'S' trelian burinos, which is goorl and sound, any thing like a panic or ruu upon any one or more baoks would be idiotic. Messrs W, Wostgarth and Co.'s circulars issued on the 7th of March last, gives a list of dividends paid by the Oriental Bank for nioe halt-years Bucccssivoly preceding la«t half- year. The last- five dividends declared have baou at ths rato of 4 per cent, thon a balanoe-fihcet was drawn up, doclaring it ad visable not to declare cmy dividend, whilst for. the three half years prior tho bank paid 10 per coat, on its paid-up Bbaros. The roaorve fund declared at tho last half-year's balance' was £13,072. The Bank of Now Zealand, having no bank cf issue bero paid their custom ers on Satur day, in Oriental Bank notes. To-day thoy took back thoso notes from such of thoir customers as prosooted them. Writing of tho Oriontal Bank stoppage, the Melbourne correspondent of tho M,At Mailt Bays " It would bo an exaggeration to say that !tho news of the failure of tho Oriental Bank camo upon us as a thunder clap. As a matter of fact, not tho smallest interest appeared to bo takon in the matter at all. Tue Herald, with its oustomary vigi lance, camo out with tho news about 2 o'clock but for a time it seemed so astounding that it was generally treated as a hoax." In the paddock at Elsternwick on Saturday afternoon tbo verification of Tna Herald tips for tho various races decided was veryfavor ably commonted upon. Our tipster commenced by predicting that Dixon's team, Maid 0£ htuna And Syl would win tho Falr horso Trotting Race. IIo tipped Honosty to win tlio Fioc-for All Trot, and indioatod thonativo LoithamAteAd as tho uort boBt.!3Honooty won, Mid LoithnmstoAd ran second. For tho- Hurdle U icq "Fclipao'" wont for Nod Kelly 1. Morry Maid 2. Tho last named won. For the Welter Handicap, bo confidootly looked for ward to tho viotory of Sir W. J. Clarke's re presentative Phantom, and coupled him with tho other apparition, The Ghost, to furnish tho winnor. After a dosporAte struggle op the straight, I'haotom won. Our prophot wroto that tho Two-Yoar-Old Soiling Race would bo" won by Iwhioh ever Mr Millor olcctod to send, Tulta or Fan, and tho | firet namod won easily. For tli4 labtrnco of tho day in whioh at tho time tho tips woro published uiuotoon horsos remained, ' Kclipso" tippod Phantom to win, and placod Losbitt third. P.iaatom, owing to tbo oovtn pound penalty incurred by winning tho'Wot'er Handicap, could get no noaror than socond, and Loabio won. Thus out ol a tota1 of eovon races tho The IIkrald tippod tbo absolute winners of four ovonts, ripped tho oocond in two, and was only out iu quo race, in whioh our prophet's scl-jction, Quietude, met with an acoidout, breaking bor fltitle. It i« stated ore long that tho telegraph mpfuongors will bo provided with bioj clis o tricycle. This tnude of delivering letters an I tolrgtams iu Europe has boon in vogue for some time, and has been vory tuccoettfal. Tho following aro the readings by Gaunt's instruments Bar. SO 150 riuog. Hoat in sun to day, 12 noon, 102 Tho highost reading of Gnunt's tbormomotor in the shade, Bourko stroot, yesterday, as 86, and tho lowest from Da.m. yostorday to i) a.m. to-day, 41. Tbo highest reading in sun yoatorday was 110\. Kmntnll, 0.38. The French war stoamer Duohaffant, which arrived yesterday, will rotniiu iu p rt cl >30 upouthreo works. S o is to bo taken int-t tbo Alfred Graving Dock for reiiaira au l clomping, after which the public will havonn oppirtuuity of iosppctiug tho vouot Tbo comm.iudor and a number of tho otlicors vibitod Melboucnn yestorday and this uior ring, and expro-st'd tbemMolve well pleased «vit!i tho port and town. Mrs «rs Sto wart, Whito, aud Comp iuy, of Smdririg, as u«ual, have the . cuntrfict for supplying tho vop.i'i with al! nocepsary ship chaudlery while romaiuirghore. R»-pTtor« aro frupumtly laid undorviry unpbu«aut sufjwciuu ctiiiccruiog tho supieod Iteration from uuw.'rthy obj-cts of tho nainOft J tUfeodanw iu police cmirts. StfarnsTitK hkkald id ccnrerned, w havo ovcry roaflou to i o confident that ths smptcions aro withon lOundrttioi. ; but as showing ho w they may b. jivon r»po to tbn f II iwilg uubu may bo quotkl: —Ou Saturday ln-t at tho Oity Couit, a rlwiner named Thomas P-ovor, resi ling in West Mollwurrp, was charged tvith throatouiug 'ho lifo of Nioholas HnrriA an employe at Meters George and G-orge. In Tuk Hriiald the defeudaut's -uaiue appeared as "Tiumas 0, Brown," and the partioa interosted at ouoo cjtlFd nt this office to complain. A« inquiry elicited the followirg facts. A the Oity lock up nil chargos aro firt entered on tho magis , tratfB chargo sheet, o.ich charge boing >uniborod, A copy of this sheet bring kmit ia tho lock-up baok-t aud copies are npplicd tothe reporters. When the prisanors ire brought before the court it i« not ;uual t» call their namo, but rimply tha numbers attached to their 'natnes on the sheets. Ou Saturday Thomaa Pressor's noma appeared on the magistrates' sheet And look up book correctly, but on tbo reporters' sheet tha nam< was Tnomns C. Brown aud this is how we cau.o to givo ths latter name. We mention tho circumstuneo iu order to show that the mistake did not arise with us, and alio that the officers of the force may make suoh inquirios as may be necessary. Tne as. Addaide sails this evening with over 200 ealcoa paireugers, amongst wh un are the elite ol the bookmakiug fratoraity, doubt- iobh anticipatory of a rich harvest over the ap proaching races at the South Australian capi tal. The hardy old.haudicappor, Mr N. R. D. Bond, it also amongit those who have scoured a hertb. Too agent of the e..' Adelaide is deter iniaed not to dolay the departure of that vessel this evening, and intends taking all precautions to prove tany detention conse quent ori the refusal of the Steam Navigation Board to allow Captain Lickyer a mato's oertificato durlog his suspensioa as mas ter. Sergeant Gray, of the Footrcray police, at Tnopector of Nuisances for the borangh preceded on Saturday to the local abattoirs and urized four caTcatea of bullocks, entirely unfit for human consumption. As thoy were not exhibited tor sole no step3 will bo taken' hg rinat the owner, who recoivod notice that they were condemned. They wero dostroyod thi morning, and sent to a'boiling don citab- lisLinent. Tho Dallarat Star libel case, instituted by Mr W. C. Smith, againoama before bin Honor Mr Justice Higinbotham in Chambers this mo<uiug, NIr Mitchril appearing for .tho plaintiff, and Mr 11 dges for the defendant Tnu matter came up for the settlement of in- tern g.itories, but thero had been some mis- apprehension astothofeffcet of the judgment of th- Full Court on the subject, and it was stilted iliAt the defendant was conuidoriog whellier ho was prepared to uiao au affidavit that ro reply tocutaiu interrugatorics would erimiiiato liimsdf, up -n which it would bo for bih Ifonr.r to fun her decide and settle as tu such interrogatories. Trie summons was accord ««jfc.ly adjourned until a future day not nnined, iu cri.si quouco id cho tum> oi Mr J ustico lligio- butlutu'i. loturii frum thu couutry boiug uu- ceiiair.. In Chambers to-day before Mr Justice liig iofcotham, a Hummons was heard in the case of Lovy and another v Reidle, by which the do frudaut sought to have access to certain in- voice. Mr Hodges said tbnt the contract bo cwiun tho parties w»s thuttbodefundantshould pu; 45 per ceLt on and iu addition to invuico price, auu for the goods delimed- Tue plain- tili lmd shown invoicct|from tho Sjut!iw«rd Co wto were, iu point of fact, the two plaintiff ;h»njB»«lves under another name. What tho duieudunt wanted was tho iovoice prices from Buidclo, the manufacturer. His Honor mado the order sought by the defendant. Iu consequence of the report in these columns of the girl Robinson, who was sen- leucedtoono mouths' imprisonment on the 23rd ultimo at the City Court for larcony, her friends have placed t hemselves in commuoica litre with Mr Hilt, LUe Oity Mibsionary, with view of eventually restoring hor to her lion o in Ararat, where her mother and sisters Threo ycutlie named John Barkor, f«oorge liaimlton, and Alfred Hodson, were charged with inbuliiug btthavionr at tbo Oity Court to day. Tbiy wore in Lygon-street behaving disorderly, ebonting in load voices, qnd mak ing the locality almost unbearable. On tho prisonor Hamilton a most dangerous "oyo- openei" was found. .He and Ilodson wore fined 40. each. The other youth was dis charged, William Macnamnra was charged at th Richmond Court tbla morning with assaulting his fatbor, residing in Lord street. Tbo injuries inflicted were severe, the old man, aged 00, having been attended to at ths Mo I bourne Hospital. The prisoner was remanded till Saturday. At the Richmond Court this morning, before Mr J. 0. Jones, a batch of persons were charged with insulting behavior. George .:chuitz was fined 20«, or sevon days, for of- IcL&ivQ; behavior to a constable in Bridge io d. DonisOwons, a well known !atTlkini who was amusing himself by hustling folks In Swnnfltroot ou Saturday went to gaol, with which ho had previous oxtonsivo acquaintance, for i no mouth, in lion of paymont of a fine of £5. Donfol O'Oonnoll, who had triod to kick in tho door of tho AU Notions Hotob and when ord-trod away by Constablo Kioly- stripped for a fight, was finod 20s, or sovou days, and tor resitting tbo constable £5, or ono i nth, At tho Hotham C mrt to-day tho usua batch cf Saturday night offenders woro dealt with. Richard Kox, who doscribod bimsoU if-| a soldior, w«h iu a hallos, bootloss, and coatloss condition, most of Iris clothing having oon takon from him. Dr Lloyd quostienod him in tbo uinal rnannor. In reply to nu in quiry as to how much ho spent in drink ho sail that depondod on tho state of tho funds. Tho Bonch took pity on him and lot him off. Duncan M'Phonon, who had taken too much bqucr, informed Sergeant Corbott tbat ho had been to tho Dinnio and Viator wresUiog encounter on Saturday night, and tho victory of his pondrouB countryman ovor tho Gaul was too much for biiu. He had n rather rod noso, which ho explained hud cost him mauy a sit- in nco to bring to ita proeont high color. Tho 13onch ovldoutly had no appreciation ol humor and fined bim tho usual amount. A rather hard caso came boforo tho Hotham Bench of Magistrates to-day, S jrgoaut Cor bott produced an infiiut which had been brought totholuckup. It appenrod that a marriod couplo, named Torolinson, had somo littlo dif ferences a short limo »go, nnd the husband, a retpoctahlo matt, paid hi wifo 7s a wook to look after tho child. Slit howovor, it was al leged, cot drunk nud tudly nogloctod it. Tho father appeared in court, nud said ho would tnko tho child as ecou as ho could got a Buitv hlu houio for it, ALtho Port Mi-lbmrnn Court to-day, tho fc-lluwir g trniiffer of n publicans liconso woro grauled John French, Claro Ci%tlo Hotel, (iraliamstroot, to Georgi«Ci irtmi. MrDomaino applied on beii-rif of the Crlton Brewery Company, owners of tho Naval 13 rn gndc Hctrl, 13ny etroet, for a Spocial liecnre, to curry on tho buriuss?, as the recent occupant, John Nolsou, who waa > weekly tenant, lmd cloared out and taken tho 'riginnllicPUBO with him, Mr Alloy, P.M., r raid ho hr.d no pow r to grant tho application, nd it was simply abmrd for tho owner of iiotrl property to lot thoir promises to weekly tenants. Mr Doyno. truant inspector, for tho Port Melbourne district, proceeded against ovor forty parents in the local police court to-d»y for nrglocting to send thoir children to school. A few cases woro ndjournod, but in tha majority of instances Binall fines woro iui po-rd. At tho conclusion of tho Dinnio and Victor wro'tling match at thoVictoria Hall on Satur day, Mr Pickersgtll mrwlo "a fowremarks.".H«j firet coropliraonted the wroatlera on tho fair honest maanrr in whiah ths contest had bsen conducted. Ho thon foolingly alluded to tho nt fortunate Accident that hod bofallon Profos- sur Miller, and informed thoso proeont that it bad been dotcrminod to toudor him a complimentary bouofit on an early date, nnd that nonrly overy nthloto had con sented to take part. Tho auuouucomout was received with prolonged chooring. 