jEatot jjfetog. SUPREME COURT CRIMINAL SITTINGS.—On Tuesday, October 7, Mr. Justice Bundey will sit for the trial of criminals before Juries at the Supreme Court. There were twenty-one prisoners for trial up to and including the 23rd ult. The calendar consists of a charge of murder at Gawler on August 26, against John Templar; two -cases of manslaughter, nine of theft or house-breaking, two of forgery, four aggravated assaults, and one embezzlement. RIVER LEVELS.—The following was the state of the rivers at the undermentioned stations at 9 am. on October 6: — Gundagai, 3 ft. 4 in.; Hay, 6 ft. 1 in.; Balranald, 9 ft. 8 in.; Namoi, 8 ft., rising; Barwon, Walgett, Bourke, Louth, Tilpa, and Wilcannia, low ; Menindie, 2 ft.; Pooncarrie, 3 ft. 6 in.,; Wentworth, 8 ft. 9 in. Albury, 3 ft. 11 in. ; Echuca, 9 ft. 8 in.; Swan Hill, 9 ft 4 in.; Euston, 10 ft. 2 in.; Overland Corner, 5 ft. 3 in.; Mogil, Goodoga, and Mungundi, low. FREE THOUGHT AND FISTICUFFS.—The Freethought crusade of Miss Ada Campbell and her supporters has resulted in a fracas between the champions of the Freethinkers and the Christian Crusaders. As usual, the physical violence of which Messrs. Oliver and party were guilty on Sunday at the Park Lands was preceded by the calling of names. Mr. Turnbull, the Christian Crusader, originator of the body and of the name, had been called a " coward parson" by some of the Freethinkers^ and Mr. Oliver had emphasized this denunciation in letter published in Melbourne. Then Mr. Turnbull called Mr. Oliver liar, and declared that any one who knew phrenology would know from the shape of Mr. Oliver's head that he was a born liar. That certainly was not at all pleasant for Mr. Oliver. The champions of Freethought generally go in for free speech, but they do not like to have it said that their language is so free as to show no regard for truth. For several weeks Mr. Oliver has nursed his wrath against " Parson" Turnbull, and on Sunday he succeeded in overthrowing him completely—not in argument, but in person. The assailed party seems to have been taken by surprise, for they were engaging in prayer when the attack was made. Perhaps this fact aggravated their offence in the mind of Mr. Oliver. To argue with a Freethinker is hurtful. To call him liar is altogether too bad. But to pray for him is quite beyond endurance. At any rate the vigour of the onslaught made by the Freethought army upon the Christian Crusaders would seem to show that some mortal injuiy is at the bottom of the affair. One cannot see how either side in this miserable affair expects to get any glory or renown out of it. To call a man, even if he is a Freethinker, a liar is certainly not a befitting act in a Christian, althoughperhaps a Crusader, as in days of old, is allowed some latitude. But Mr. Oliver, in proceeding to personal violence in following out a squabble which he assisted in fomenting, must see that he is only disgracing himself, if not the cause which he espouses. Probably the public will hear more of the fracas in the Park Lands. "CHRISTIANITY AND HINDU INCARNA- TION."—At the Port Congregational Church on Sunday evening, October 5, the Rev. J. C. Kirby discoursed to a large assemblage on the above subject. He said—" By incarnation we mean that a Divine Bein<* becomes visible in the form and likeness of a man. Jesus Christ was God manifest in the flesh. It has been pretended that the Christian idea of the incarnation was derived from India, and by comparison of the Christian to the Hindu incarnation some have sought to make little of the Saviour of the world. There is a certain likeness between Hinduism and Christianity. Hinduism has a trinity—Brahma, Vishnu, and Siva—as we have Father, Son. and Holy Ghost. The Gospels say the second person became man— Hinduism says Vishnu, the second person, became man in the person of J£risna, the Black One. But Krisna became man chiefly by blind necessity, for the Hindus deny personality and speak of Brahma as ' it;' whereas Christ became man by the free choice of God—' God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son.' Krisna became man without having any ends to attain worth the incarnation of God, whereas Christ had ends to attain worth the incarnation of God. He came to unveil and dec! axe to men the very heart of God. ' He tbatbaih seen Me hath seen the Father.' Christ came that we might have life in ail its highest forms in endless abundance ; He came to be the quickening spirit ipso facto. The incarnate God is the supreme man with an inherent fitness to reign over men, and to receive and dispense the Holy Spirit. There were many great ends attained by the incarnation outside of and beyond the human race; it is an act full of meaning to all creatures and worlds—e.g., "By the Church is made known to the principalities ard powers in the heavenly places the manifold wisdom of God." Put the purpose of the incarnation of Vishnu alongside the great aims of Christ's incarnation, and it is plain that Krisna is to Christ but as a rushlight to the sun. According to the Hindus, Vishnu has been incarnate nine times, Krisna being the ninth incarnation. but in the future there will be the tenth incarnation and then Krisna will cease to be. But Christ Jesus is the one only incarnation of God, according to Christianity. He had no predecessors, He will have no successoi s. He will not vanich like Krisna, He exists not after the law of a carnal commandment but after the power of an endless life. As Dorner says, * In Himself the God man (Jesus Christ) is the flower of the universe, the absolutely precious good; God's eternal love irrevocably united with mankind.' Krisna, has no function of eternal power and universal meaning, but the incarnate God as the dain and risen Lamb stands in the centre of the eternal throne to receive throughout eternity the praises of all tlie creatures, because He is the crown of creation, and the ever-flowing source of universal holiness, light, love, and life. To compare Krisna to Christ is to compare a baby to a man; 'and yet Krisna h about the greatest of heathen incarnations." VANDALISM ON A RIFLE RANGE.—Some unprincipled persons have recently been amusing themselves by damaging the rifle ranges at Henley Beach. The Secretary of the S.A. Rifle Association, who paid a visit to the ranges on Saturday, was rather unpleasantly surprised to discover that one set of cast-iron targets, weighing about a ton, had been thrown off the foundations, while the windows in two of the butthouses were all smashed. Each frame held two panes of plate- glass about seven-eighths of an inch thick, to break which considerable force must have been exerted. It is to be hoped that the perpetrators of this mischievous act will be caught and punished. CHURCH MISSION BAZAAR.—The bazaar on behalf of the various Anglican Mission Churches which was held on Wednesday and Thursday last was continued in the Town Hall on Saturday. The attendance was not so large as on the former days, but a fair business was done. One of the stalls was arranged as a post-office, at which letters were bought, and the space previously occupied." by the doll-still was utilized ifor the purposes of a so-called fishpond. There were other small additions to the collection of novelties. Occasionally pianoforte music wa s contributed by ladies. During the throe days the bazaar lias been open about £650 has been taken. FIREMAN'S FUNERAL,—The funeral of the laie Michael Davis, a member of No. 2 Fira Reel, took place on Saturday afternoon. Nearly all the men belonging to the Adelaide. Norwood, Glenelg, and Harrold Brothers' Fire Brigades took part in the proaession, which left the deceased's late residence in Hindley-street, and then proceeded eastward to King William-street, then south to Grotestreet, and westward to the Catholic Cemetery, where the usual funeral ceremony was performed. The procession was headed by the Model Band, playing the Dead March in " Saul," then came m;-mbers of the Druid Order and the Cosmojjolitan Benefit Society The hearse was followed by the mourning coaches and the firemen in double files, and the rear was brought up by the reels, he horses of which were led by firemen, and private vehicles. A man was left in charge at each of the _ stations, so that no time should be lost in communicating with the brigades in the event of anything occurriog requiring their attention. HOSPITAL ITEM.—About 9 o'clock on Satur day evening a man named Sagar was found by the police on the road opposite the Adelaide Club. He was picked up and taken to the Hospital, where on examination it was found that he had two scalpwouads, apparently the resn.lt of a fall. He was intoxicated", and brandished an open knife rather freely. After his wounds were dressed he was remove 1 in custody of the police. 