CHAPTER VIII WITH HIS TACK TO THE FOB. The light of the lamp glittered on the battle-axes and the armor of the dead- and-gone warriors of Glandore; the motto of Baouel Eric Trevelyan shone down on his horror with a calm, white splendor that WAS double mockery then, but Ashton Thorndale never moved, never spoke-only crouched there as white, and still, and rigid as though he had been turned to marble, only huddled back with hands ex- tended end eye-balls glaring, and looked in livid wonder ¡»to my Lord Glandore's pale, pinched, sad- dened face. Alive ! The Earl of Glandore was alive ! and his hopes were scattered, his coronet was wrested from him, and he was plain Mr. Ashton Thorndale-the outcaBt, pauper, gambler, beggar, as of old ! He seemed to hear it whispered in£tbe wind ; he seemed to hear tbe laughter and the gibes of the multitude reeking the air, the sneers of the old associates he bad scorned, the curses of the peor he had trampled on ; but he did not move, did not even breathe, for the inward horror of his heart. And with the motto of his race shining out of the gloom above him, the Earl of Glandore looked down on bis kinsman's face. " I am not a ghost, Ashton," be said, with a bitter laugh,'"although Heaven only knows bow I happen to be a living man. Don't shrink fromme-I am flesh and blood. There is my hand ; take it." He put out his wasted palm as he spoke, and Ashton Thorndale extended his own trembling hand (with the caution one might touch a serpent rumor BATS is harmless) until bis fingers touched the warm, living flesh of bis* kinsman, He rose up with a hollow, gurgling cry when the earl griped his hand and wrung it in all sincerity and trust. It was no phantom then, no mistake Basil Edward Trevelyan stood before him in the flesh. He dragged his moist palm from his cousin's grace as though it was some horrible, loathsome, thing, and staggered backward until he leaned against the violet velvet of the walls. "Alivel". It was the first word he had uttered, and it came from his lips as though it took the power of his life to speak it. My Lord Glandore looked at him foi a moment, and then sank into a chair with a weary sigh. " Yes, alive 1" he uttered, huskily, " but with noth- ing left to live for, with nothing but broken hearts behind and a broken life before. Don't stare at me so. If I startled you, forgive me. The shock was sudden, for you must have wondered where I have been these weary, awful months." He jerked, out a rasping, bitter little laugb, and covered his face with his bands. " Months, did I say P" he.uttered, brokenly, " They seem like years, Ashton- bitter blasting years, that have scorched my brain and seared my heart ; years that have borne the blasting eurea of Heaven on the loathsome horror of their haggard wings ; years that have swept away from me all that I loved in life, and left me loaded with an everlasting despair !" His voice echoed dreadfully clear on the solitude of the night, and Ashton Thorndale shivered. " You were reported drowned at sea," he uttered, in a hollow voice, and we have been mourning you as one dead." «? Dead !" His lordship let his bonds fal), and rose to his feet, with a jarring, bitter leugb. " Dead !" he said again ; "SB though such mercy existed for nie I Dead ! ab, Heaven, if I could have died-as if the very sea itself would not refuse to bury such a [ guilty wretch as I am ! Look at me ; my curse has come home. The wife I loved is lost to me! the life I live is blasted by my own folly ; and all for what -alas ! all for what ? You received my letter P I told you the story of my American marriage, but I did not tell you the infamous wrong I did the purest angel that ever breathed the breath of life. I tore her from the arms of her father, Ashton ; I persuaded her to fly with me, and I married her under an as sumed name. God knows I meant to do her justice i for though she knew me by the name I had assumed I bad my own placed on the certificate of our union, and my only thought was to bring her to Glandore Court as its countess. Do you understand how Heaven overtook me P I taught her dishonor to ber parent; I tore her from her duty, and God's punish- ment has come upon me according to my deeds.. Together we sailed for England, but, one dreadful night, an awful storm arose. In the fog and gloom another vessel bad been wrecked, and a floating spar stove in the ship on which we two were passen- gers, and I-oh ! how can I tell you l-l was washed overboard, and she, penniless and friendless-she, ignorant alike of her name and station, went to England alone." He paused, his voice broken and trembling with emotion, and clasped his hands over his eyes, " What was there left for her ?" he went on, pres- ently. " Friendless, penniless, nameless, as my in- famous act had made ber-What lay before her in a étrange land, but poverty, disgrace, and death P And this through me-God pity me !-this through me, when 1 loved her better than my soul's salvation. She died-she must have died, for a tender spirit like Madolin's would break under the horrors that lay before ber ; while I-I that should have been killed like the villain I-was-I was suffered to live, that I might bear the burden of remorse to the bitter end, Look at me ! I could not die, for Heaven left me life that was empty for the laws I had broken. 'Honor thy father and thy mother'- I taught her to scorn them, 'Thou sbalt not steal'-1 stole her from the ways of honor and truth. ' Thou shalt not kill'-I murdered her young peace : I slaughtered her young heart ; I killed my own honor, and trampled hers beneath my feet ; and yet I lived through all-lived to suffer ag the guilty should. The spar that stove the vessel in was the dumb instrument of Hoaven's vengeance, for when sucked downward into that seething hell of waters, it drifted to my grasp, and tangled its loose cording about me. " I clung to it, and raised my voioe in a frantic cry to those on board the ship; but what were my feebie shrieks amid those of the wind und wave P I screamed till I was hoarse, but only the gale took up the cry of bitter mockery, only the waves beat down upon me ; end cradled in that mighty sea, now reared as though to heaven itself, now downward hurled as though 11 the very ocean's bed, helpless and alone, a straw on that trackless waste of waters, I screamed, and prayed, and wept by turns, until the storm died down, and day-dawn broke above me. I strained my eyes from horizon to horizon. I swept the sea and sky with wilder glances than Arden on his island home, and like him, these were alk-I s>iw.' The ship was gone; sea and Bky seemed to meet in one gray, misty line, and sunrise found me there alone clinging to the spar, chilled and blue with cold, yet hoping against hope that I might be saved, and so reach her, so save her from the curse I knew my folly must surely bring. ".Three times I enw the sun rise after that, and growing weaker day by day, I swooned at last, and remembered nothing more, until one little week ago. Heaven pity me-I woke to reason then, but where, think-you-where f You will shudder as I shud- dered when the doctors made it known to me-I waa m the Asylum for insane paupers at Calait f It seemed but yesterday I swooned upon the sea, and when I asked the men around me, they told me-ob, the horror of the words-the fire they seemed te scatter in my brain I-they told it was more than a year ago. I had been picked up at sea, in an insensible condition, by a French packet, and when the ship's surgeon had succeeded in bringing me to partial consciousness, exposure, and the horrible ordeal through which I had passed, bad left my mind a wreck. They took me to Calais, and placed me in that living tomb, I did not cry out when they told me that, for I saw they thought me still insane' and knew they would vot yet discharge me, while I felt that longer existence in that loathsome spot would indeed make me a maniac again, I laid in wait and watched my chance, but the eyes of the keepers seemed to follow me everywhere. Escape seemed to be impossible, and burning to get away I resolved at, last, to speak the truth. It was morn- ing, and we poor wretches were huddled in the yard, of the asylum to breathe the mockery the keepers called ' air.' One of the doctors had just entered at the gates. I saw him, and rushed forward. " Half mad, half Bane, I must have acted, for he smiled and turned away while I was speaking to him. 'lam the Earl of Glandore, sir,'I said, lam quite cured now-may I go f ' He patted me on the head es though I were a child, and answered : ' You shall leave to-morrow.' But turning to an assistant I heard him say: 'Poor fellow! Treat him kindly; be is likely to live and die here I' I heard him say it, Ashton, and I knew my hope now lay in escape. That night when they came to drive us back to our cells, I contrived to slip from the ranks and escape to the yard. I made at once to the gates, but a keeper was there. He saw me, and sprang up to give the alarm ; but life and hope were before me, and like a tiger, I threw myself upon him, and dashed his head against the wall. He fell to the "ground stunned, and stooping I tore from him the keys, fled through the gateB, and locked them on the other sid«. I rushed at once to the wharves. The evening packet was making ready to sail for Dover, and in the confusion, I boarded her, and bid myself in the luggage. " More dead than alive, I reached England, and haggard, foot-sore, and weary, took up my tramp to Scarsborougb. Since the hour I breathed it to the doctor, the name Glandore never passed my lips, for I knew its utterance would be a clue to follow me, and drag me back to that terrible asylum, and so I skulked on through highways and byways, begging a ride from the farmers now and then, un- til this morning found me sleeping among the birds that flock the reefs of Farnborough Head. At six o'clock I shook out my rags and began my tramp to Glandore Court. A good-natured fellow gave me a ride down the road as far as the upper curve, where his trace broke, and then I hastened here. The light in the library attracted me. I hastened forward, found the window open, and seeing you here, ran in and spoke. Thank Heaven I here I can safely de- clare myself the Earl of Glandore, for all know me, and I have you to prove my words, All that is left me now is to make what restitution I can to the poor girl my cruel blindness has injured. If dead, her body must be found and placed with the bones of the Glandores ; if living, I will search the world to find her. Every paper shall ring with the story, every man shall know of the woman I seek, end, if need be, every shilling of my fortune shall be spent in the chase. She was Countess of Glandore in the eyes of Heaven ; she shall be made Countess of Glandore, in the eyes of man as well, though the name comes only to a pauper's whitened boneB." And the motto of his race seemed to grow brighter as he spoke, even as his kinsman's face turned pallid in the glare of lamp-light. The coronet waa slipping farther from his grasp two liv63 now stood 'twixt bim and the millions of Glandore, but his lips only set the tighter as he thought of it, his hands only clenched and grew more rigid at his sides, for the man before him was weak and feeble as a child. j " From house to house, from shore to shore I wili track her," his lordship uttered, proudly ; " and you, Ashton, shall aid me in tbe task. My friend, my brother, we will seek ber co the wide world's end, Come, Ashton, 'come, lead me to my room. I am weak, feeble, fainting, end my poor brain reels." He turned toward the door BB he spoke, and put his hand to the knob. A rush, a bound, a Bwift, low hiss of hate, and Ashton Thorndale barred the passage, panting : " You shall not go ! Return to your maniac's cell, madman ! Basil Trevelyan died to the world one year ago, and Jam the Earl of Glandore to-night !" My Lord Glandore staggered away from him with a shuddering cry, and the glare of lamp-light shot its radiance on his wondering face. "Ashton-my Heavon, Ashton!" he cried out, hoarsely, but his kinsman faced him with a brutal cry. " I am Lord Glandore," he uttered, venomously, " The Crown has granted me the earldom by the right of lineal descent. I am high, rich, mighty, and honored to night-a madman escaped from his keepers shall not wrest these titles from me. You fool ! The game for which I have been playing is mine at last ; the wife you seek lives in the streets of London but I defy you both-I defy you to the last. We are alone, My Lord Glandore ; the strengt b of your cursed race is in my veins ; the will of a desperate man nerves an arm too powerful for you to battle, and it is your death yeu have come home to now. Do you understand me ?-your death un- less you accede to my wishes." Dazed and wondering, the pale, proud face of his kinsman lifted, and the white lipa fell apart. " And these wishes are what f" he uttered, in a steady voice. " Leave Glandore Court at once and forever ; re- nounce the name you hear ; live on my gratitude as I once lived on yours, and cross my path no more in life." 4 Eye looked straight into eye, and each whitened face shone full of resolution in the glare of the lamp- light. "Your answer?" ground out the desperate man; and my Lord Glandore lifted bis head proudly. " Take it from the motto of my race-' Loyal in everything !" he cried out, boldly. " The bonor of a wife is in my hands, the blood of Glandore is in my veins, and I'll fight the battle of truth against a million cowardly eura! The mask is off, at last, Ashton Thorndale; the viper warmed to life has lifted itaifrng, but the hand that reared ean dash to earth again. I am a Glandore, traitor, and my face is toward the foe !" , He sprang to the wall as he spoke, »rid from the armour clustered there wrenched down a gleaming battle-axe, and swayed it over his head. " For the last time-go !" broke forth the smothered utterance of his kinsman ; but he answered, with a passionate cry : " Glandore to the last-I defy a traitor P" The axe swayed again, but before he could advance, a figure cleft the air and wrested it from his feeble graep. A smothered cry ; a fierce, wild struggle ; the lamp was kicked over and went out ; the battle-axe swayed and fell with a sickening thud ; a long, low, gasping cry ran out on the horrid gloom, end then a igure fell, blood-wet and rigid to the liiirary floor. The battle-axe slipped from Ashton Tborndale's band ; his eyes dropped to the figure be had stricken down, and be uttered, with a hollow laugh : "Dead, curse him-dead, and I am safe! Glandore at last-"who dares to face me now ?" " I do, my Lord Assassin !" And the curtains parting suddenly to let the moon- light in, showed Filippo Bucarelli in the arch of the window looking straight in his master's eyes. " Filippo !" gasped the assassin, growing deadly pale ; 'and the Italian, moving forward until only that bleeding, motionless figure was between tbem, answered, with a purring laugh . "Si, si, signor-Filippo, at you service. Once Filippo, milord's servant ; but now-Filippo, an as- sassin's master !" 