"FAJNT HEART NE'ER W03 FAIR i LADY." 1 " A hat of last yoar's fashion !" fi "But hor ores were like grey stars." B " And lier manner droadfully quick and w decided." I " Bright and sparkling, I should call it." K " My dear Richard, you aro really absurd ! g Tho girl- is a hospital nurse, and what woman B with any refinement 'or delicnoy would tako up i such n profession as that ? It shows alio can't I be nico." g "Ladies do such things nowadays" — Icar n dofiantly, H " Now you know you're only saying so be- H cause she's pretty. Of course ladies do queer n things nowadays, but that doesn't oxctiso an H unwomanly fooling. Resides, Bile's only a 1 solicitor's daughter. I sliau't ask mamma to 1 call." I "But don't yon think common civility " 1 " No, I don't. She's only staying at the 1 Rectory, and we're uot forced to call on every I one's friends. Besides, Contain Ifnrdwiclco is I expocted homo, and it would make it I awkward. What would one oi Lord Belmont's | people say if wo nskcil them to meet a girl liko I Miss Trovers ?" " All the samo, slio's as protty and ladylike I as any one I ever met in thoso parts." I " Very likely, bat she's not in ottrsot. Now, I Richard, if you say nny moro I shall begin to think you're falling in love with her, if the idea is not too nlaurd." Rut Richard had closed the drawing- | room door upon ills six sisters' languid voices; and wns half way across tho wide lawn, with its brilliant pnrtorrCB of summer flowers.' Boor Riohard Allerdyoe ! only son of tho richest banker in Ohollowdean, people of good family, but with just that uncertainty of social position which made them atraid of ' over stepping any boundaries, rather gratifiod nt boing on intimato terms with Lord Bolmont and the Hnrdwickos, ho wai of divided tnind this snmmer afternoon. He had been greatly taken by that ewoet faoennd slight figure in the Roctorypow last Sunday ; was Bensiblo'of a thrill of more than- civil interest wben he mot their owner walking home with tho good old rcotor aftor service, and was introduced to "Miss Trovers," while the eyos "liko grey stars" wore suddenly raised to Ids ; and hi bad ever since spent a larger portion of his timo than was strictly ncodfal in walking post the Rectory's rose covered gurden gnto. But, on the other side, his slaters' words had certainly strnok home. Brought up as all the Allderyces wcro, liko hot house plants, sholtered from every hroath of frosty air, it was not strange that Richard nt firo-and-twenty, though a big, burly enough young Englishman to look nt. was but little of a man in mind or heart. Knowledge of the i world had boen carefully kept from him, as from his sisters, lest thoy should lonm ovil ; but tholr vory ignorance had oost them the loss of power to chooBo botwoen evil and good, and had given them weak prejudices ana concoitod opinionativeness, instead of a mind ' ablo to diaoorn and profar tho right. Richard's handsomo faoe was overcast as lie swung out of tho lodge gates, and down the road. Miss Trovers a hospital nurse ! certainly it was a shock. Not only did it seem to liim ' unwomanly for a woman to work at all, but infinitely more ho to do monial work. And then tho awful thought of what his mothew and sisters would eay were thay asked to recoivo a hospital nurso as his future trifol For it had gono as far as that in Richards suscoptlblo mind, even in these three short days. All at onco his thoughts broko off as Miss Trevors hcrsoif, sweet and bright as over, in her black dross, camo out from the Rectory gato, tho great Reotory mastiff pacing bohlnd ber. ; Now Richard's own collio was at his muster s' heels, and thore was a bordor feud of long standing between thoso two faithful followers. There was one angry growl, a hoavy tush; » thud, and then a brown body and' a black rolled togothor in tho dast in a manner sug gestive of a dog's funeral on one side or the other. Richard, who wns aotaally staggered by tho suddomieBS of it all, could not for® moment regain his senses ; and when he did, it war to find Miss Travels, both white hands- looked in tho hair of Rollo's shaggy neok, pulling him from his foe. with all heretrengtjt and calling to " Mr. Aller-drce" to " tako hold oi his dow anil null hlm off, She waa being whirled rotund to theobttd ilV tlio frantic waltzers before Richard, quite Bottle where to "take hold," but S»t task was porformod.for him by a gentle- man in tweed knickerbockers, who etartod out oUhe ""White Hart," a few yards away, and rii to the rescue. Between Mis3 Travera and jjmBolf ' tha combatants were separated, each cartvin" away a few fragments of the other's DOtsen; and Miss Trovers, flushed, panting, covered with duBt, but looking lovelier than Richard had over seen woman look before, sank back against the Rectory wall and tried to'lau"b. The stranger lifted his hat, looking straight at her with a pair o f piercing brown "Krcueo me, Miss Travers," hq snid, in rather on off-hand manner, "but that was about as rash a thing as any ono could possibly dQ, The dogs might both have turned on you and bitten you badly." "Thank you, Captain Hardwlcke, I had not the least fear," was her only response, given with a littlo haughtiness ; and the gentleman, with a nod to Richard, turned and strode away as rapidly as ho had come. "Miss Travers, are you hurt ?" Richard was able to artioulate at last. " You never should kavo dono a thing like that ; Hardwicko was right ; it waa awfully raali. By the way, you know Hardwlcke ?" " No, I'm not hurt a bit." The wondorfnl gray eyes wero danciug with fun now. "Don't scold me, please ; I know it was a silly thing to do, but I didn't stop to think. J?ray don't look so horrified !" " But if you had been bitten 5" ''Well, I wasn't." And her face dimpled with a friendly smilo at his Bhocked look. "But you know Hardwicko i" he persisted, uuablo to get over his surprise in that quarter. " Oh, yes." Her face grew cold instantly. "Captain Hardwicko was in hospital with an accident some months ago — my hospital. I had charge of him there, that s all." And she pullea a rose so sharply from tlio hedge that it fell to pieces in her hands. "took thero 1" she laughed, showering the petals on the ground beforo her, "let us cover over the battle field with flowers," and she laughed again. Richard wont home more thoughtful than ever. Surely this woman was a novel thing in his experience of men and manners. She acted with tho skill and daring of a man ; and yet be would rather not think what his Blstors' faces wonid bo like bad tbey but' seen it. Woa it actually ladylike, or should sho not rather liavo fled from the scene of conflict, or even liavo screamed and fainted? To be euro, she had looked as beautiful as an avenging Amazon ; but wa3 it quite correct conduct for a girl ? And Captaiu Hardwicke's manner, so abrupt and dictatorial : he soemod to show her the difference in social position betwoen a nobleman's nephew and a hospital nnrse. It must liavo been an awkward meet ing, as his sisters bad sold. And then a cold shiver came over him, as. he thought of Miss Travers introduced as Mrs. Richaid Allerdyco at, Belmont Castle, and Captain Hardwicke's atony atare of surprise. And yet — and yet — she was so beautiful. Nearly three weeks had passed since tlio dog, episode, and Richard's courage still wavered in thu balance. He had grown to know Mias Travers well in those three weeks, and to know hor well was but to lovo her better. There was never a woman so sweet, so clever, so sympathetic, so beautiful — be was certain of that — no woman he more ardently longed to have for his own ; and yet — aud yet! That terrible strength of character, that pro- fession, that lack of pedigrco 1 Only last night, in the moonlit Rectory garden, he had almost flung all prudonce to tho winds, alie had been so dangerously, fatally sweet (sho was always especially kind to him), but he reeled hack from the gulf just in time when she mentioned casually, without a change of voioo or .countenanco, that she had an uncle who was a chemist In Rochester. " A chemist 1 Shades of, my ancestors, protect mo!" Richard recoiled again as he thought of it, and fancied Hard wicke's look if he could havo heard her. For Oaptafa Hardwicko was still at the " White Hart," and perhaps hispresonco, and tho atmo sphere of exalted society nbout'liira, had keen oneof Richard's restraining though unconscious influences. Now, as hq slewly werked his way up the steepest hill in tho neighborhood, on his new tricycle, ho was pondering the old question in lils. mind. Could he take tho fatal, plunge, or was it toe costly ? . .A. trim, graceful figure on the road before him, as at last he gained the snmmit, drove all else to the four winds ; and in an instant ho had overtaken the objeot of his cogitations, and sprung to the ground beside her. ."Mr, AUerdyco 1" sho said, turning with hor own bright look to shako hnnds ; " how like a ghost you stole upon mo 1 Oh, I see, it was on a tricycle, and what a beauty 1- Do let m» look at it." And Richard, nothing loath, began to display his new toy — a perfect thing in build and finish ; the Allerdyces' possessions always were the most perfect of thoir kind. He began to explain it to her, forgetting all about the chemist uncle, hut she interrupted him. "Yes, I know all about them, thanks. I see, it is a regular bit of perfection, I should so like to try it j may I J" Onoe more Richard was dumb with surprise. A lady on u tricycle was as yet on unboord-of thing in rustic Chellondean, and it seemed an outrageous idea to him. ,."1 really don't think yon could," ho fal tered, " My sisters never have dono such a thing." , "Your sistors ? oh, perhaps not," with a littlo smilo at the idea. " But I am quite used to tricycles. I ride ono whenever I can gSt a chonco." Further blow for Richard ; but there was no knowing how to refuse her, and ho stood fide, Sho took her place llko one who was thoroughly used to tricycles, and he could not but admit she adorned her position. "What a delicious hill to run down 1" Bho said, with a happy littlo langh, 03 sho placed her dainty feet on the treadles. " I really must try it." "Pray, pray don't attempt it 1" was Pilchard's horrified remonstrance, for tho hill stretched down oven more abruptly' than on the aide ho had ascended, and near tho bottom there was a sudden Bharp turn, with tlie rail- way line running just below— tho nastiest' bit of road for miles around. Perhaps oven Agatha Travers would havo hesitated to hazard it had it not. been for the' consternation ' in Riohard's face. -"Mr. Allerdyco,- you are faint-hearted," she said gaily, as sho startod on1 her- downward course — a little more rapidly 'than Bho had at tot Intonded, but Richard's now trioyole ran smoothly. His heart was .In his mouth, as tho country folk say, as she began to glido- rapidly off. Sho turned lior head, and flashed back _ a merry defiance. "My undo, the chemist at Roohestcr, used to say" Then the wickod . sparklo faded suddenly, nnd she called quick aud clear, " Can you stop me, please ? The brake is stiff ; I can't mako it work ; it's running away." Poor Riohnrd of tho faint heart I it seemed to die within him. The next second he had darted forward, but it was just one second too lato. The otieak sho had been able to put on the heavy machine with the treadles ceased to keep it back, and faater and faster it toro down tho perilous road. In all his lifo to come, Richard will never know any minute so long as that uoxt, while tho Btrnight, alight figure flying through spaco seemed to Bwim boforo his oyea, and his knees knocked togethor as he stood. On, on — faster, faster I sho managed some how to cling to tho steering handto, and koop tho machino in the middle of tho road ; but 'the mad pace grew more dosporate. She could never turn that fatal corner by the rail way embankment ; over it sho must go. And it waa just then that Richard and she both' to gethor saw the puff of snow white smoke from tho hill side, that told them tho evening ex press was nut of tho tuanol, and thundering down that very bit of lino; It all flashod over Agatlia in ono rush ; would tho fall kill hor,- or would it bo tho train ? It muBt be one or the other : tho next second or two would settle that ; and a swift prayer was on her lips, but what sho never quite knew ; for oven as sho breathed it, some one or something in hrown tweed knicker bockers hurled itsolf ovor tho road side stile beforo her, a stout stick darted into tho flying wheel, and with ono quick swervo tho tricycle arashed Into tho ditch, and lay thore, a con fused mass of spinning spokes and mutilated tires, while Agatha flow out from its midst like a ball, and alighted on a grassy bank a yard or two away ; and the express rnsbod past with a wild yoll on tlio lino just below, and vanished round a sharp curve that mntohed .the road above it. Then, and thon alono, did Riohard's legs re gain their power of motion; andhosetoff asfast as they could carry him to where tho little black figure lay. Somehow it took longer to run down that hill than the Inst desoent would have led one to think ; for when Richard, panting and breathless, reached the scone of the accident, tho little black figure, very much out of its usual trim neatness, was Boated on the grassy tangle that broke tier fail, busily binding up with her own small handkerchief a deep gaBli in the hand of the knlokerbockercd person who knelt at her side. It was a very pale faco that looked up at Richard's, with the sort of awe that any tinman . creature must wear who has just been face to face with death ; but her groat ' grey eyes had a wonderful shining light in them. " Tho poor 'tricycle 1" she said; " I am so sorry. Is it very badly hurt ?" And, in tho fervor of his relief and gladness, Richard could find words for nothing hut — " Bothor tlio trioyclo !" He was ready onough to say somothing, however, presently, when ho found himself obliged to stop and sea its remains decently cared for, while Captain Hardwicko took charge of Miss Travcra's return to tho Roe- tory. She said she was none the worso for hor fall, bnt, perhaps, she was a little shaken ; but Captain Hardwicko kindly offered her his arm, and she took it. Richard hurried after them beforo long, his whole . heart aglow. That awful minute this afternoon h id taught him that lifo without Agatha Travers would seem a poor and worthless thing, wero she a factory gill. He hurried after them, therefore, aud came in sight of the Rectory gate as two hands, one very neatly bandaged, unclasped over it, and a small dark head ralsad itself swiftly from a brown twocd shoaldor, whero it seemed to have been resting, " Good graoions 1" waB all Richard conld ntter, as Agatha vanished, and Captain Hard- wioko, looking odiously radiant, sauntered to wards him. " Ah, Allerdyco,. old follow, caught us, havo you 1 Then I may as well tell you all my tremendous good luck at once, and take your congratulations. Porhaps you've heard how Miss Travors's nursing saved my lifo last year, and when of course I fell in lave with her, as who wouldn't ? Sho would have it, it was only gratitude, and refused to lot me mako what sho called a misalliance, just because thero's that bruto of a title coming to me some day. I told her I thought all that rubbish was obsolete, nnd offered to drap tho title alto gether if she liked ; but nothing would do, and we parted rather out of temper. I heard she was down here, and ran down to seo my uncle, hoping ho would talk hor over, but I began to think it was no uso. And, do you know, I was frantically joalous of you, old follow 1 I saw she liked you, aud I almost bsllovo you could havo cut mo out, early in tho day, if you d had tho pluck to try, she was bo aet against mo. But to-day has . made it all right, and she thinlcB I've saved her life this time, so wo're quits. Well, old man, am I not the luokiest man alive ?" " Bat— but — " stammered tho wrotohod Richard, " suroly, her family I" "She's an orphan. Oh, I boo what you mean ; she told me sho had been shooting you with an uncle who's aohomist, or a butcher, or goodness knows what. Bah 1 I shouldthink the mere fact of being a hospital nurse was a patent of nobility to any woman. Bnt if my littlo girl were a beggar maid she would stlllbc a real princess. God bless her 1" And Bichard's groan may have been an asBent. — American Queen. 