BALL AR AT, (from otjrown correspondent. All tho world's a problem, nnd its many mines aro merely puzzles ; most mines in their tiino playing many part9. At least it is generally so in this part of tho world, and tho littlo gamps "played around." as ibis ohrABcd in theAinerican language, only servo to add to tho lueutsl and tiu&nciul; irritation of tho hindmost. Tho two puzzles most engaging attention hero just now aro tho future of tho Horry Consols shaft and tho courso of tlio deep ground from the Hepburn Home Paddock. As to the Consols shaft Robert Jones aad Co. havo undertaken to pat it down for £6500. aud work will probably be started this wcok if tho party can be made up so 8oou, For I may inform you that tbo party is to bo a co-operative ono, all tho twelve or sixteen men required for tho work to bo partners in tho venture, Jones us boss, und running most risk, to have a larger share than any of tho others. Tho Consols Company supplies pumping and hauling power and timber, but tho oo-operutor aro to pay for tho timber at tbo last if the venture be a success. Some of tho Coruor wags arc proposing to make a book on the event, but Jones, who baa practical acquaintance with cylinder use in drift sinking hero on the Ncwiugton "round a dozen years and more ago, expresses great confidence in tbo issuo 0: his experiments at the Consols. It is much to be hoped that bo is not miscalculating tho chances, for it is of tho groatost mouiont, as well to tho shareholders in tuo Consols as to the courso of business in the share market, that the shaft be put down or given upas soon as possible, us the mine stops tho way, so to spouk, or rather tho not being able to get at tho mine is stopping tbo courso of speculation and protracting calls to a sorious degree. Tbo opening up of tho Consols ground is looked to not merely for what It will givo in the shape of gold, but for the light it will throw upon t he trend of the gutters thereabouts. Rivers 1 should say in strictness, for it is out of all proportion to talk of the alluvial deposits of tho Croswick-Kingston field as gutters, such enormous washes as are met with there boing absolutely unique in thehistoryof alluvial mining in Australia. Consols stock has kopt steady all the past week. " It's there," is tho mystic sign, and so tho stock is serenely unaffected by the costly and vexatious puzzlo of tho drift. The other problem touching tho course of tho Home Paddock load has its Montagues and its Capulots to fight over tho issuo. whether the trend of the wash is north by westtbrougb the llopbnrnConBols to Hepburn No. 1, or south by west through tbo burn, Ac., to tho Lord Harry and Madurae Berry valley or valleys. Tho Montagues go for tbo northern course, tho Capulots for tho southern, and tbcso'lust base their theory on the fact that a lino of shullow bores oxists across tho northerly course butweon tho Paddock and the Consols, and that tbo latost Consols boro south ward is tho doepost of its scries. The bore bot tomed at 230 fcot, or only 16 feet above tho gutter dopth, und tbo strata cut by the boro woro similar to those cut In the Paddock No. 2 shaft and by tbo boros in tbo claims to the south-west of the Consols, from all of which facts tho in ference has been druv n that tho lead goes south ward or south-westward and not northward or north-westward, with the apparently genera! full of the country. Tho Montaguos reply, on behalf of tlio northerly -courso— first, that the general' fall of the country is north-west, thon that the Paddock ground has been dipping that way, and thut thoro is plenty of room botween the said lino of shallow bores for the lead to pass through. It is what the lawyers call a neat issue, and ono of the rejoinders by the Capulots iB that as a rule tho country thero has a soft reef for bed rock, and that is against tho probability of tho cxi8tcncoof any such precipitous brouk as is nocessary to tbo formation between tho shallow bores of tho deep narrow gorge required by the : advocates of tbo northerly outlet. To this tbo Montaguo surrejoinder is that tho course of doptha ascertained indicato tho probabilities. Thoro Is Paddock No. 3 bore, 272 feot; tbiro is tho Rocky Load shaft which bottoinod at 292 foot; thoro if) tho Hepburn No. 1 boro 397 fcot, and thero is tho Smoaton Racecourse No. 1 boro which stopped at 315 feet in drift, all pointing to ' tho gonorul outlot for all the old world system of watercourses in tho north- west. And so tho ' problem stands in tho moantime, and, liko nit other mining puzzles, can only bo resolved by tho pick and shovel. Upon the issuo wait -the claims on tho outside fringe all round oast and west -of tlio north-west passage route, some of which havo been idio over since tuo panic that sot in a year or so ago. The Rocky Lead drove east in obo- dienco to tbo theory tn vogue that the Paddock guttor was going that way, but nothing was ever found of any good there, and the western or north-westorn country has yot to bo explored. The Consols is in this lucky position— that it can afford to bo liappy either way, and it is clear that the advo cates of tbo northerly course have not lost heart, as No. 1 and Rocky Lead both firmed during tho week, as did also Consols. But the Rooky Lead appears to be near a gutter of some sort, and that holps to koop tho stock firm. Tho Horry stocks all round havo beon steady, but Lougblin has given way a little with the poorer yield, tho higher whsIi not turning out so well as w&s; ox- poctod. The West Ristori is increasing its returns, and tho stock firms in consoQuonco, 6a!es last week ranging from 97s. to 100s. at the close. Tho paront Ristori is weakening gradu ally with tho gradual 'decline of ithe mine, und thero was "not iuueh busiooss tin tho stock last woek. A11 the Australasian series are weak; sales from 53a. to 44a. to 45s. (id. last week showing tho easier terms submitted to by holders of tho parent stock, whilst North sold at 23s. 3d., 23s, 04., on the only day on which the stock had business. Away on tho Dowling Forest sidotho No. 1 Dowling Forest is near bottoming, and tho uctual reaching of the gutter is waited for with much interest, Tlio Mount Rowan Company 13 not yot in full washing, a gutter bar of aandstono impeding work just now. In quartz mining the more notable incidents aro tho rise in Buninyoug Estate, tho drop in Lolbair to 3&.j and Parker's United to 2s. for sellers, nnd tho steady position of Hand Albion and Hand Barton, together with another little spirt of nuggetting Canadian way, whore two parties liavo got 89 oz. and 92 oz. respectively in that mannor on Pearco'a leasehold. Including tho pyrites yield of II oz. odd from 10 tons, the Hand Albion output of 224 oz. is ovor 1 17 dwt. to tho ton, which loaves a fair profit towards futuro dividends, and if tho stopes maintain their present value tho mine will soon he paying dividends instead of making calls. The Hand and Barton pays Is. dividend, and Its last fortnight's output was a fraction under 13 dwt. por ton, it boing notable that tbo duik or pyriics luciuueu was i»uu amue an luui. av . the Hand Albion, but yielded three times as ; much, nearly four tiroes as much, in fact. The ' New ihnd Albion has had a little crushing from > the eastern side, which gave 7i dwt. per ton. 1 Tho drop in Lothair and Parker is duo to tbo present poverty of the mines, the dish prospects in the latter not having been corroborated by tho battery tests of the bulk of stone so far as trials havo yet gone. In the Huninyong Estate the Desoza lode has given out some gold bearing stone which promises excellent returns, tho lodo in tl)Q 870 foot level having a width of 2 feot, apd in the 470 feet level of from 1 foot to 1 foot 6 inches. Tho stock had business every day, and firmed from sales at 10s. to sales at 21s., easing to 20s. 3d. at the close of the week. Tho Black Horse yield is better, and tho 'Kgcrton worse, than the week before, and noitber company is likely to give a dividend unless matters Improve, as tho latest outputs arc only about enough to pay expenses. Nearer homo the Seymour gives up the ghost, nnd thus once moro the prospects of a quartz field on tho Sulky Gully sido are quashed- In Hallarat Eist the Melhourno Company ha9 not yet got its crushing plant ready. The Last Chance has 97 oz., but the bulk of stone reduced is not rovoalcd, and the value of the work done therefore is ooncealod, but it is known to bo re- remunerative. At Uunes tno stoauy roturns or tho N. N. Clunes nro very gratifying, but this is more than ovor balanced by the prevent failure of the Fort Phillip and tho Lothair to produco gold onough to pay the cot of mining. The dis trict output reported for the week reaches to over 4009 oz., of which 1033 oz, aro from quartz. 