SOUTH AUSTRALIA. DIOCESE OF ADELAIDE. NEW OHUROH OF ST. PAUL THE APOSTLE, MOUNT GAMBIER. (Border Watch, 12th March.) . On Sunday afternoon last the Right Rev. Dr. Reynolds, Roman Catholic Bishop of South Australia, performed the oeremony of blessing and laying the foundation- stone of the new Church of St. Paul the Apostle, Penola-street. The new building, after the contractor, through a disagreement with the clerk of works (Mr. MacMullen, jun.), gave up the work, was carried on as far as the top of the foundations by day-work, and tenders are now called for its completion. The foundation-stone is situated at the north-eastern corner of the nave. It is a large block of grey dolomite, neatly cutj and bears on its face in gold lettering the words— «' I.H.S. SANOTE paule apostole, oea PEO NOBIS. A.D. MDCCCLXXXIV." At2,30 p.m. a processionof the Roman Catholic congregation started from the old oburch in Crouoh-street. In the van was an acolyte carrying a processional cross, who was followed by about 200 children (the boys first). The Children of Mary, whom we include in that nnmber, carried' in front of tbem a very iretty blue banner of the Blessed Virgin, bearing the following words in silver— "Maria Immaculata intercede pto nobis." In the centre of the banner was a beadtiful representation of the Virgin. After the children walked the older members of the congregation, the men (about 150 in number) being first, and the women (about 130) following. In the' van they carried a crimson banner of elegant design, on which were inscribed the words—" Sancte Paule Apostole, ora pro nobis." Above the words was a design consisting of the letter P with a sword through it. This banner is that of the Church of St. Paul. Following the general congregation were the members of the St. Lawrenoe O'Toole Branch; A.O.B.S., between;40 and 50 in number, in full regalia. They carried befote them the large and handsome banner of the branch. After them were eight acolytes, carrying the floral oroBS to be placed on the site of the altar, a crosier, and a vessel of . holy water; then the Very Rev; Dean Ryan and Father Kennedy ; and'lastly the Bishop, in full canonioals. Therejwere in^all about 550 persons in the prooession, and as they walked in ooupies it extended over r distance of' about a quarter of a mile Several hundred spectators filled the footpaths BB it traversed Crouch-street, Commercial-^ti-eet, and Penola- streefr, to the site of the new ohuroh. On the way there the children sang, without inter mission, the anthem, "Faith of our Fathers." On arrival, at the newibuildtag the people composing the procession' took poBitionB round ; it, whilst the Bishop, accompanied by the priests add 1 acolytes, advanced td the site of,the future altar, and there planted' the fi&ral; cross, and proceeded with the office prescribed by the Ohuroh for, puch' occasions. A dense oonoourse of spectators united ,Wjth th6 members of the congregation, raibing the number present'to nearly 2000. AifWr blebing the stone,'the Bishop with his attendants returned to the site of the, .altar," "Where the litany was sung by the choir and children, and' several prayers said'. They then went back to the fctandatlon-stone, which the' Bishop laid in theusual manner of theChurtih. In a jar beneath it was placed a. Catin document, of which the following, is a copy:— ' " To THE <3®BAT AND OMNIPOTENT GOD. '«This first stone of the Church of St. Paul the Apostle at Mount Gambier was solemnly blessed and laid by the Most Bev. Christopher AuguStine Reynolds, Bishop of Adelaide, on this ninth day of March, being the tfeeoridSunday of Lent, in the year of our salvation 1884, being the 6th year of the Pontificate of .his Holiness Leo XIII., tad the 47th year of the reign of her Gracious Majesty Victoria L, Queen of Great Britain, her vice-regent in this province' of South Australia being Sir William 0. F. Robirison, K.C.M.G.; the Very Rev. Michael Ryan, dean of the district, the Rev. Matthias Kennedy, and a great concourse of the faithful of Christ, assisting. " Blessj O Lord, all our works, and the work of onr hands direot."—Underneath were the names of the architect and church committee, as follow .'—Architect—M. M'Mullen. Church Committee —John Kennedy, John O. Sutton, John Rowan, John Besley, Thomas Honan, jun., William Sutton, Jeremiah A. Sutton, Frederick H. Daniel, John Hayes, John Newton, Phillip Ryan, Miohael Doigan, James Sutton, sen., Miohael O'Connor, George Ellis, and William MacNamara. The document was engrossed and a wreath of shamrocks painted round the words by one of the Sisters of Meroy at Mount .Gambier. In the j ar with it were placed one each of the latest copies of the Border Watch, South-Eastern Star, and Catholic Monthly, several medals, and a number of coins of the realm of the latest issue. The jar was seoured with a crimson ribbon bearing the seal of the diocese. The stone having been laid, the Bishop pronounced the following prayer in Latin and English:—" In the faith of our Lord Jesus Christ we place this first stone in the foundation, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, that true faith may flourish here, and the fear of God and brotherly love, and that this place may be destined to prayer and to the invocation and praise of the same Lord Jesus Christ, who, with the Father and the Holy Ghost, liveth and reigneth God, world without end. Amen." He then sprinkled the top of the stone with holy water, and, preceded by the acolytes and priests, walked round the foundations, and blessed them, sprinkling them with holy water as he walked. On returning to the stone the ceremony was concluded. The Bishop delivered a sermon on tlie words—"That it may be a sign among you; aud when your children shall ask you to-morrow, raying—What mean these stones ? You shall answer them— The waters of the Jordan ran of before the ark of the Covenant of the Lord, when It passed over the Bame, therefore were these Btones set up for a monument of the children of Israel for eve*. That all the people of the earth may learn the most mighty hand of the Lord; that yon may also fear the Lard your God for ever." (Josue iv. 6, 7, and 25.) He remarked that when the great lawgiver had received his commission from the Almighty with regard to the ark of the covenant passing over the Jordan, He Instructed him that he should select twelve stones from the river where the feet of the priests had stood who oarrried the ark of the covenant; and He instructed him further to tell the people that these stoneB were to be set up as a monument, as a testimony, to the children of Israel for ever. And when asked a reason for the stones being placed there they were also instructed to say—"That the ark of the Lord bad passed that way, that the hand of the Lord was mighty, and that they Bhould fear Him for ever." Such was indeed the type of the action of Holy Ohuroh in the solemn ritual of that day. They, Indeed, were not unmindful of their Indebtedness to God when they set apart a portion of the goods they possessed to erect a place for his name to be invocated and praised. They knew their duty to God, and, consequently, they were assembled that day on that hill, which for ellglbllltyofaltua tion was not to be surpassed la the south eastern distrlot, and they had set up that stone for a testimony, not for man,-but for Goi. It had been said that they " lived in the past," and therelwa* great reason in this assertion. There was an amount' of Christian philosophy in it when they referred to the formation of a mission, or. the .erection, of .aphuroh, or the establishment of a diocece. Had they in this colony, scaroely yet 50 yean old, a history f Yes, and one in whiclr they might feel a laudable pride. The ttte upon which be stood* was passed,prer in 1847 for the first time. .The positlon of this' portion of the dlooeM WM jndeed isolated, and priests '©ould..not yisU it from Adelaide, The trfte^JeBS desert had.scfttoaly bedn' opened"up by,Start when, a very short ttoAe afterwards, two, whose names would be foremost, place when the,aanat* of 'thi* dlooese were written—Frinbis Murphy, Bishop of Adelaide, and Michael Ryan, its first Vicar-Gan<,rai_0a visiting it. Still, when they were ffi to come, they were anticipated bT! humble son of St. Francis in the dicL! of Geelong. The isolate! position ofttu plaoe made the Catholics here depenfa? more on the sister oolony than thisS Digressing somewhat, he mentioned thrt one who, he regretted, was not wlK them that day, but whose spirit fa hoped, was amongst them—the lateotmfc of this site-r-lent the money necessary ta oommence the cause until such times* the congregation could pay it. He did not live to see this day, but if the spirit of the just were cognisant of, and ^ joiced in, things transpiring on the earth the spirit of .Anthony Sutton, seniof would rejoice to-day, and they, the inheritors of his privileges and aspirations, had been privileged to set up that stone as a testimony. And when hij children and grandchildren might ask the question—"What meBneth these stones?" they conld answer—"The^ were set np as a testimony to their faith for ever." Bat to go back to the histoid of the church. In 1849 the first priest came from Geelong, for Father Stephen! orossed the Border, and at MacPherstm'e house offered the Mass for the first time, and then came to the settlement of Mount Gambier ; and from that spot he could see the roof of the house— the! house of the late Andrew Bourke— where he held the first service and administered the Sacrament of Baptism. Again, another priest of Christ, hearing of the isolation of the flock here, settled at Portland and oame to Mount Gambier. He referred to Father Ro we. From here he went to Penola and laid the foundation of the church. The visits wen necessarily few and far between. The Vicar-General afterwards crossed the desert just opened up by Sturt, and came in amongst the people ; and what was the scene that met him at Mount Gambier? Father John Rowe paid a second visit, and priests from the sister diooese and the Vicar-General met, and, under God, thought they might be able to raise a temple here. Mr. Cunningbam gave an allotment just opposite the Court-house, and a slab hut was erected on it, the first in the town. Shortly afterwards a priest was appoints! to Penola, the largest and most central portion of the district at that time, He oame periodically and ministered to the wants of the people, distributing the bread of life. The congregation was formed, and he saw around him many of those who then worshipped with him. In 1851 the diggings had almost depopulated the diocese; still; when the people returned, another priest was appointed in the person of Father Woods, and he set about giving a permanenoyto the church in this district. He erected a' church at Penola and dedioated it to the foster father of our Lord Jesus Christ under the title of St. Joseph. Subsequently he erected the church in Crouohstreet, Mount Gambier, the first stone temple erected in the district, which extended to Guichen Bay; and from that day to this nothing had been done for the extension of the church in this district until the last twelve months. On his last visit amongst them he remioded them that the time4had come when they should set about erecting a temple for the living God. The one they had erected had outlasted its time, aud had beoome unsuitable to the wants of the people. He told them they should organise for the purpose, and they ma so, and the result was the building, the first stone of which they had been setting up that day. They set up the stone as a testimony to their hope, charity, ana faith. In the solemn ritual they had invocated the name of the I»ora Jesus Christ, and had reminded the Father that, although the heaven o! heavens oould not contain Hfs powerana majesty, yet they knew from Holy Wttt that He would accept a house from their hands. It was meet, then; that the trophy of his triumph—the cross—should be plaoed deep in its foundation; «« while they put their reoords there they also put the testimony of their faith; rot In the name of Christ they laid the fart atone In the merits of His sacrifice, thaj true faith might flourish here anfl brotherly love and charity. Yes; ana si thB walls rose they would tell their own tale; and when their children «« children's children would ask—" What meaneth these stones?" they OOUW answer—"They were set up as Jh* father's. testimony to Christ and Hull crucified. It would tell of Catholic faltfll The summit of it would be orowned the cross'of Christ, and the sp'ra wonld aim,bear that standard of triumph, and by it . every passer-by would know that Jesus Christ was there honoured anfl glorified and worshipped for ever. What meaneth these stones i They are set dp as a testimony of their hope, What, then, was the Christian's hope f Eternal Ufa through Christ and Him crucified. Hpw ware the merits of that hope brought to their souls ? In the sacraments of the Church. "Not only was faith to Him tl» gubstanoe o S T K ^ p S l h . merit, of Christ Supplied to the eon,, by «h<eh the ^.iainal Built was blotted out, and they JJeor'iU as the children of God and Wi "ith J<* 08 Chri8t to th ® K '"f d ? m of Heaven. In yonder porchwouldnse the baptismal font, which would be there , fountain of life sprang from the cross of Christ. In yonder porch, too would be the tribunal of penance^ in which the the sibner would find the Bethesda of the new law, where the merits of the cross of Christ wnold be brought to the penitent soul that It might obtain the remission of all its sins. The Bishop would come periodically, and in the Sacrament of C,in6rmatlon bestow the gift of the Holy Ghost upon those who, having been baptised, would have arrived at years of discretion to discern between good and evil. Periodically the faithful would assemble round the altar and partake of the great sacrifice of the ne* law, and thereby receive strength to overcome the world, the flash, and the devil. And they would there be united in wedlock and receive help and counsel when they went out into the duties of the world. Never ia the Cnurch's history did they need it more than tbey did now, when tue spirit of licentiousness was abroad jn the world ; when the passions of men were so deified as in this nineteenth c-ntury, called indeed an age of fnli-rhtenment—it should be rather oalled an a«e of depravity. The holy bond of wedlock, the image of the unity between Christ and Hie Church, would be celebrated at that altar. No legalised adulterer would eDter there. The Catholic Church had ever stood out for the inviolability of the marriage tie. Sbe had the same law for all her people, and if tbey did not hear her in that particular as well as in everything else she cut them off from her oommunion. She alone stood oat in (his 19th oentury for the sanctity and purity of wedlock, for when that contract was validly entered into sbe declared that no man could annul it; " whom God had joined together Jet no man put asunder." Here, then, that union would be entered into, and the blessing of heaven asked upon it. And when the last dread hour came the Church would stand by her children in the hour of death and after their spirits had gone to their Maker. Had he not said that the stone they had raised was a testimony of their faith for ever, and it was interwoven with every aspiration of the Caristian soul ? It would also be an expression of their charity and love to. God. Tbey had set apart goodly sum for the church that war- \ ranted tbem not to hesitate any longer > in setting about its erection. » - _ It would he an arduous task, but God beiDg with tbem who could be against them ? Let them go on, then, in the work they had so happily begun. The organisation they had established among themselves augured well for the future. But while he remembered that, he was not unmindful of the duty that devolved upon them that day of contributing largely for the church. When they had done their duty that day they would be able to answer the inquiry—" What meaneth this atone.?" by saying that it was set up by tbem as a testimony to tlmir God for ever. It was tbe beginning of a new era in their history. A new era, for up to this the church had struggled merely for an existence. It had not the wherewithal to curry out the grand ceremonial of their holy religion. Toere was no room for even a font iu the churoh ; but, under the blessing of God, that would be supplied in the new church. Tbe stone was set up in tbe name of Jesus ChriBt, but, iu accordance with the Apostolic usage, they gave it a title, the first of its kind in the diocese—the invocation of the great apostle of the Gentiles, St. Paul. Like him, they "knew in whom they believed" and were certain of their reward, and when they had completed their course they too, likfc him, would be able to say—"Through f«,ith iu Christ I have lougbt the good fight, I have finished my course, I have kept the faith. As to the rest, there is laid up for me a crown of juatioe, which the Lord, the Just Judge, will render me in tt^at day; and not only to me but to them*also that love ttw coming." Yes; all that was connected With it was full of faith and hope and 'ove; and ere another twelve months passed they would be enabled to'conemulate themselves with joy, for then ">e work, great as it was, they would have neen enabled to achieve through God's Messing. He, said to all—'- Gome and oo your part of the work, and it will be f happy completion, and no r f c »i,„ • ^ ^ r ^ e r i t ; because —---*"" ™umucr in , ueuBuse thehoujewto be erected not for man «ut for God.' Little i^ore^mainea for l mm to say than to mentioii the offertory. h » d he said to themgive V bttfc Kttle, out of that Care f ? 110 alittle. Many naa come perhaps to give what, in the ^ world's parlance, " they could afford." What was that? All they had was from the hand of God, and it was not what they could afford in the world's sense they should give, but tht*y should give a larger offering as a testimony to their faith and hope and charity. He then asked them to come forward and lay tht-ir offerings on the stone in the name of God, and from that God who had said that the giving of a cup of cold water to, a disciple should not go unrewarded they would receive their reward. Offerings were then received, and for nearly an hour tbey came in very rapidly. The Very Rev. D»an Ryan commenced with £50, and Father Kennedy with £r0, and then followed Mrs. Crowe with £100, Mr. John Sutton with £50, Mr. J. Kennedy (Peweena) with £30, Master Anthony Sutton with £40, Mr. William Sutton with £20, Mrs. Jens with £20, and Mr. Jeremiah Sutton with £20. The other sums varied in amount from £10 10.4. to a shilling. At the close The Bishop eaid—My dear brethren and friends, you know your own power to-day. The offering. has been a most consoling one—one that must give additional energy, if such were required, to your pastors to bring this good work to a completion. Your offertory is indeed a noble one, and will sound your fame in all the other churcbeB of the diocese. It is over £800 now. May God reward you, and may every blessing that flows from Calvary be upon yon and upon your children. God bless you. The assemblage then dispersed.' 