Jittriligctuv Launceston lias enjoyed the luxury of another earthquake' lasting nearly half a minute, during which time the houses creaked, crockery was rat tled, and undulatory motions of the earth were ex perienced. The proprietor of the Town and Country Journal offers a premium of 100 guineas for the best water colour or oil painting depicting- characteristic scenery on social life in Australia. The match between Buckingham and Iolantlie, which has been arranged to be decided on the last day of the A. J.C Autumn meeting, is sure to create the greatest interest throughout Australia. The conditions of the engagement are that the pair shall run five furlongs for £1000 a-side, half forfeit, the colt to carry Sst. 101b, and the filly Sst. Sib. A friend of the owner of Brown and Rose, who was present, offered to contribute £500 for entrance into the set-to on behalf of the flying chesnut filly, hut the match- makers declined this offer. Adolpiie Behnan, of the "Progress" sweep, Mel bourne, fined £100, or three months. He preferred to take it out. Horrible railway accident at Toronto, Canada. In a collision twenty persons were killed and thirty injured. The Cricket match between the Australian Eleven v. the Combined team, has ended in a draw. The latter made 181 for nine wickets. The Australian Eleven are engaged to play at Tamwortli on January 21st and 22nd, and at Sydney 25th and the four following days, and again on February loth and the three following days, prior to leaving for England. Mr. F. Layard, police magistrate at Menindie, died suddenly a few days since. He was only ap pointed to Menindie eight months since. Deceased was sixty-eight years of age. Bartholomew Bixn, the new English hangman, has held his first reception. It was an inofficial one, and all the visitors outlived it. Christine Nilsson travelled from London to Liverpool, to take the Gallia for New York, in the carriage prepared for the Empress of Aus tria. Seth L. Peterson, formally deputy Registrar- General of Queensland, who was sentenced to 10 years' penal servitude in 1878 for forging deeds of grant, and for larceny as a trustee, has been released from prison by order of the Executive. Her Majesty has published another volume upon her dear Scottish highlands. The late John Brown, her favourite ghillie, gets a fine " show" in the book. They say that Carlyle's ghost, arrayed in white, haunts Chelsea at the twilight hour, and recently asked a little girl for " a 'penn'orth o' tobacco." That Carlyle should walk after the manner in which he has been treated by Mr. Fronde, is, thinks the London L'clto , not surprising ; but it might be supposed that, instead of asking for tobacco he would have made a grim demand for his bio grapher. It is probable that the railway policy of the Go vernment when submitted to Parliament will prove much less comprehensive than has been expected. Financial necessities compel a considerable curtail ment of the ideas of the Government with respect to railway extensions in different parts of the coun try, but an extension of the railway into the city will probably form one of the proposals to which the Government will ask the concurrence of Parlia ment. In order to bring the system of compulsory in struction in cooking into force in public schools, ar rangements are being made for the instruction of teachers engaged in the public schools in Sydney, and it is expected in the course of three months the teachers will be duly qualified to undertake the duty m future. All female teachers trained by the Department will have to pass in this subject. South Australia was proclaimed a colony 47 years ago. She led the way amongst British colonies in freeing religion from the interference of the State, and to her all Australasia owes a cheap and simple system of land transfer. The Hobart correspondent of the Launceston Examiner , writing on December 29, states that " a 4 a.m. on December 27 Mr. William Sliarland, of New Norfolk, discovered a bright comet a few de grees above the horizon, bearing about east. It was made known to Captain Shortt, but in consequence of the cloudy and unfavourable nature of the last three mornings Captain Shortt has not been able to discover it. From calculations that have been made of the expected position of Pons's comet, and the ono to be seen after sunset above the western horizon during next month, it is impossible that this can be the same." The Dean of Bangor has raised a controversy about tea-drinking. According to bim, " Oatmeal and milk produce strong, hearty, good-tempered men and women ; whereas excessive tea-drinking creates a generation of nervous, discontented people, who are for ever complaining of the exist ing order of the universe, scolding their neigh bours, and sighing after the impossible. I suspect that overmuch tea-drinking, by destroying the calmness of the nerves, is acting as a dangerous re volutionary force among us." A New Straw Trussing Machine. — We had the opportunity on Monday last of seeing at work on the farm of High Glengall, occupied by Mr. M 'Master, a new patent " trusser " attached to one of Messrs. Daniel Wyllie and Co.'s threshing machines, by which the threshed straw is caught when leaving the machine, securely tied in bundles with stout twine, and thrown on the ground at the back of the machine, ready to be forked on to a cart or stack. The machine, which occupies very little additional space, is attached to the end of the threshing machine. As the straw leaves the mill it falls between two revolving canvas aprons, and is carried down to the binding table in a con dition ready for tying. It is delivered in a loose form, but is caught and packed tight by a series of reciprocating points, till the required size of bundle is obtained, when the binding gear is set in opera tion. A feature of the machine is that it can be set so as to make the bundles various sizes ; and as soon as the size that it is set to make is attained and packed, the pressure moves a lever, which brings the binding part of the machinery into action. The arms or needles that have the string threaded through them are bound round the bundle, across the knotting hooks, the string is gripped, and the knotters perform their work, the knives cross the path of the twine and sever it, and at the same time the levers on which the knives are secured pull off the loop-knots from the knotting hooks, and eject the bundle to the ground. The whole operation is done instantaneously. Two strings are passed round each bundle at a distance of 15 inches apart, and the bundles are far more shapely, more tightly packed, and more easily handled than bundles made by hand. The stack on which those at Glengall were built had a regu larity of shape and solidity that could not have been obtained with ordinary hand-made bundles. Mr. M 'Master informed us that he considered the machine did the work of six men. — Ayr Advertiser, 25th October. 