A NEW DOME. A mysterious organ-grinder has found out a new way in which to excite interest in the West end of Loudon. A footman in black livery, uiguilettes on shouldors, cockade in hat, white gloves on hands, stands turning the handle, whilehis master (they Bay he owns a coronet) knocks at every door with a book and pencil in his hand, solicits alms for charity, and onters the uniouut in his book. It certainly is a new idea, and tho speculation seems likely to prove a good one, for large crowds follow the “ charity " organ wherever it plays. The next thing we may anticipate in the cause of charity to supersede bazaars will be an itinerant company of street acrobats conducted by Lord Hardwicko ; and if only one of the superannuated Professional Beauties would offer the tam bourine, a rich-harvest would be realised . The well-known and frequently men tioned effect of oil poured on agitated waters has been utilised by Mr G. Foster Howell,'of New York, in what he calls an automatic wave lubricating life-buoy. The buoy is furnished with a seamless brass reservoir running entirely around the insido, and oil is filled in through a hole in tho top, which is then covered by a screw cap. . On each side of the upper part of the oil tube is placed a tobo similar to those placed on watering cans, so that when the buoy is hung upon the vessel’s stern, no oil can escape, The moment, however, that it is plaoed horisontally the oil begins to escape and covers the water with- a thin film of oil, which extends rapidly on .every side until a large oirole is formed, within which the person who has fallen overboard may rest until rescued. About 400 persons per day visit the Ju bilee Exhibition in Melbourne. The sanatorium at Cut-paw-paw is at last clear of small-pox patients, The boat-race betwecu Proudfoot (of Warr nambool) and Fuwcett (of Belfast) for L20 a side, came off at Belfast ou the 10th inst. (says the Warmambool Standard'), resulting in an easy win fer tile Belfast sculler. In the opinion of the spectators, Proudfoot hed not a ghost of a -dmnee, his opponent’s powers having been much underrated prior to tho race, Somo money changed hands over tho event, Proudfoot being a hot favorite. 