THE POULTRY FIEND. BxY SrAi SAiELL. Those tallowy-faced misery-mongers, who. are cootinually prating over the horrors of hell, have never lived near a poultry-breeder, or they would give that locality the prestige for solid unceasing torment.. For six months I existed next to a fiend who grew fowls, and when I had a lucid spell. I often wished to go off toperdition for a rest. I was seduced into the neighborhood by a lying advertisement, which said: "For sale, cheap: a handsome, nine-roomed cottage, in a salubrious locality." It was the salubrious locality fetched me. I wanted all the salu brity I could get for my money, so I went and viewed the ruin. It was a cheerful prison,. set away back in a wild waste of garden, 'which showed evidence of many abortive attempts at cultivation ; and there was such an air of weird desolation about, and the owner was so greedy forasettle aent, that Ietruck ghosts at once. Thought I, " The shanty's haunted, and that innocent Jew fancies he's pecking the' cards on me; thinks he's parting his old spiritualistic seance menagerie off onto a guileless China. man ; got an idea that I don't know there's a headless man roams about the place of nights, eating fire and keeping decent folks from their natural rest. But who carea l I'm.eager to see the white lady with" the stab in her breast, and the antiquated miser with a gash in his throat like a chop in a red gum log. " I knew that these tenants from the inro. gible nowhere are ruination on, proupje owners, and harder to evacuate than the wary bng; so I was not surprised at the lQ price, and struck a bargain right off. Thqb I borrowed a wheel-barrow and eaited id'i y costly furniture. : Oar first night in that house was a ghastly experience. From sundown, strange n? earthly echoes travelled along 'the wall which adjoined our neighbor.on the right, and an occasional yell soudnded through the place, acting on my frame like a gust from a froeeing room, and making Mrs. Snell's fringe stick out like a wire brush. .." Oh, dnell I" she moaned1, " a hoarse chuckling seemed to come out of the plater at the head of our bed, "that's: ny poor dear MISS GENEVIEVE . .WA. "D. mother's voice. She always spoke through her nose like that when she had a cold, and she said she'd haunt you for filing her false teeth to points like a saw. Oh, oh '"And Mrs. Snell wrapped a blanket round her head, and shivered hard enough to make my teeth chatter. I tried tore-assure her, and explained that her mother head gone to a place where colds are not; but she said I was an ir reverent wretch, and it was no wonder we were haunted. The noises continued till daybreak ; when, after a grand finale, they ceased, and a few minutes laterl sprang out of bed, and valiantly called upon the appari. tion to come forth and show itself like a man. It wouldn't come, but I felt that I had done my duty; so I turned to and lighted the kitchen fire. . After breakfast, I got down my old Colt's revolver and'went in search. I fired up all the chimneys, and subjected the cupboards to araking volley, without rising anything but the smell of a ghost. Then I went out side, and a glance over the dividing fence divulged the mystery. Our neighbor on the right had a fowl repository all along the wall of my house, where droves of mangy poultry lodged .and kept up a restless demo niacal clucking and crowing the night. through. Unholy rage filled my breast when I law this, and I yelled for Smith. I thought it as likely as not that the poultry breeder's' inamewas Smith, and it must have been, forpreently a mighty head was throast out of one of the back windows of the dwelling, * and a thick voice somewhere back in its depthi said H" ello.', ' Are you the manthatruns this asylum ?" aI sked. The face grinned. ,Well, yo'll 'have to hump it right oni of that. We're not going to have another night of that racket. D' y 'n hear., Shiftithalf-a mile away, or I'll buy a plug of dynamite and 'shoot it to destruction." " O' goterblazes " said the .head as it was drawn in. lIe was evidetifly-used to complaints ofthls kind. From that time forward my life was a mix ture of:misery and profanity. Ispent hours tirniing oirer the ground of my;garden and fixing things up. Then, when I came out a few minutes later, there would be a whole legion of poolTry scrapinp and delving the plants up, and scattering the garden pbout the country. I cursed lheir, owner, his father and mother, and all his ancestors; and hunted the fowls with an axe handle. Many of them were sent rolling, the effect of half a brick from my vengeful hand but there was no satisfaction in it, as ihey re gained their legs and stepped for a hole in the fence as thounh they'd been hit with a rose-leaf. I found -out later that Smith reared chickens forboarding-houses. ,Then I purchased a cannon and laid in wait.: One aged rooster I hated in-particular.: a handy-legged, featherless- outrage, with a Roman nose, and a look about him that strangely reminded me of a bombastic J.P. whom I once knew. That bird was the picture -of ineffable conceit, and when I caught him up to some new devilry, be would go for the- fence in a self.pteassehd.!of way; and though I hit him bard with . shovel more than ..once he never .beeame ruffled over it like another fowl, but just got up nod strutted on as much as.to;say, "You may insult me, sir; but you are tieneath my notice." He led all the raids against me, and would amble carelessly into ourkitehen at the head of about forty hens, and: dig his nose into the butter, and invite- the hens to rake the bread about and spill the milk, just as though things belonged to him ; and when I surprised them, and-shnt the door, feeling sure of a deadly vengeance.at last; his dignified deportment pever failed him, althddgh I could see he wvas a l?t scared, but h?e tried hard not ta appear so and whenI went for him with a;fiat iron, be:shambled past and went up stairs._ r (ol?pwed cloa .on, but he sailed through a front window and stood on a post all the alternoon guying me. When I returned to the.kitchen, the hens bad all left by way of the hole the -flat" iron made in the door-pannel. .Another time he introduced a hen into opg bedroom and invited her.tolay on my pillow, which she did at every opportunity. The eggs were good enough tob ave, but the fowl-lice were not. -Ie used to crow regularly every half hoar through the night, and would taltk with the pullets sometimes for hqgnrs.. This attraction, and that affoiaed 'bya ifew hens who had risin• g familes just teething to at tend to, made our nights livelier than a dog- I fight. I expostulated with Smith's head many a time (I never saw maie of him than his bloated nob). but.the'on.).answer Lgot :was a grin like a ripple on-a duck pon? or " O, i goterblazes.' .. One morning, when I had nailed up every crevice in the fence, and was baitig anothh I turn at the garden,-I noticed the vile thief's face, the color of an underdone.-pancake, : peering over at.me. '. .He was nearly chock- i ling his front teeth ont, and I could see' he was calculating how- mock fowls' food "he would save through nmy gardening- opera tions. " Smith," Isaid, in .pleading tone; gradu ally verging to the menacing, ".will you chain up those feathered fiendof yours) Will you feed them on arsenic t- Will you sell out and go to New Caledonia! You dihckling hen bouse-you mammoth-headed, shark mouthed poultry generator-yn-y-oa 1":. " O, goterblazes," said Smith; and took" n his face. Five weary--monthb at; sleeplsp nights and harassed days,.and mt greatibtein gfve .way. I became -n drivelling fin~tle, pos sessed within: idea that I" was - ?anoghai rooster: 3is. S. managed to keep;.np and. .get me away; after selling the hoise to a. man who kept a pirvtte'tunntic asylam, pand wanted his patients to remain as m?d as lion, sible. :'I am a little better now,. but still .drivelling, as you will imagine after reading this. A new boarder spilt onme milkl. - hia n e coaland was fi arful lest is wonld htre a grea?e spot. An old staer assuri clm that -there waut not the lihtic-- danger. nut that. hie might lkf. fcrta chailk mark .hen-i t PI'r. sAt loLx.-a sanlm wlrroat . y qig to pelt rtitlir a .Dlisnl- rio?ir-i?et Isisted ,that it ceyltmn?tld :a ei ot f i he rilinay st lis.m. ' But thatdoes?n t mak- eitany.more pl-.. ti,'" aid tilel paty whiuwns oxPr thl to purchase it.: "Oh.i y:nitil isg" repliesl the owner confidently; it uakes it gpy; jrst riem; iyou can stand on this stepand see?.verybddy Itbpt m;sps th train.",. . . ?- • • , ¢ . •... :. -." "?!; ,i ~ 