RELIGION OF HU31ANITY. ? The Unitarian Church, Eastern Hill, seems to have taken a new lease af active k life. For a number of years the congrega- x tion has been kept together by the exertions of Mrs. Martha Webster, a lady of culture and ability, whlo is well known in Melbourne and its neighborhood. In the month of June last, the Rev. George Walters arrived c to take charge of the cause, having been n recommendel by the Executive Conunittee of the British and Foreign Unitarian associa tion. Thie morning congregation has already grown from somewhat small proportions to p alout 150 ; wlile the church has leen filled, and sometimes erowded, on Sunday even ings. The subject of the discourse, lastSun day evening wasn-" Religion of Humanity." MIr. Walters first took the wordl "religion," and explained that a man's religion was not his sectarian theology, it was his secret inner life. Religion was something deeper, b sonmething altogether grander than the enutward manifestations of confession or of creed. Let thetm know what it was a manr most eagerly strove after, that bromught forth the echo from his soul and filled himl with the deepest reverence; often they knew somethling of Irs religion, time main spring of his actions, the inspiration of his life. F The word "humanity," was then dealt tl with, and the preacher showed howr the o human race was the highest manifestation b of that supreme power that lived in nature; a how the evolution of humanity had been like d tihe growth of an individual; how one fr nrrvoussystem ranthrough humanityatlarge, I as one nervros system ran through the indi- a vidral frame ; and how the perfect man, that g dream of poets, was dawning like a glorious n vision upon the world, banishing the night- (I shadows of error and sin, ltghting up tie i path tlat leads to the redemption of man- a nd. a These two words were next combined and 55 dealt with as "Religion of HIIumanity.' This did not of necessity mean the system of positivism which was inaugurated by the t French philosopher, Comte. By "Religion t, of Hunanity," he meant a religion sitedt to n the nature and wants of man ; or a religion founded upon tile human heart; or areligion made up of man's highest, beat, and noblest thoughts. lr. Walters then showed that this c religion would teach with regani to God, S immortality, and other items of faith, and F ounluded by saying :--I say, then, that if we question as to tile religious future, I can tlhink of no name that will better express the bright hopes and glorious expecta tions thlt we possess than "Religion of Humanity." In the Great Temple, whose flooring is tihe broad earth, and whose domne is the out- i stretched heavens, here let mankind join in \ universal praise, and here let the worship be I offered up of tender hearts, heroic souls, and brave-aspiring spirits. Here Science shall receive tlit reverence that is her due.t Here shall Honesty, Duty, and Truth be t worshipped for their own sakes alone. t Envy, malic,. and all uncharitableness shall not enter. All shall be pure, and free, and joyous. It shall be one eternal Sabath Day l -not a day of puritanical severity, when it is a sin to laugh, and a crime against the c holy ghost to look happy; but an Eternal Sabbath of cheerful toil; and of labor blessed with tlmt rich reward-the know- I ledge that we have done our duty, that we I have run the race like honest men, that swe have worked while yet 'twas day, and so c earned the sweet repose that tile night of life brings with it. Tender and sweet shall I be the evening song; mild and beautiful the n twilight shadows that follow such a day I And the soul of the God-like Man shall put 1 off its mortality, and sink to rest, wit as r little misgiving and with as little dread as o the tired child that puts off its clothes, and is hushed to sleep in its mother's And do you think, oh, my orthodox I friend, that in such an hour there shall enter any fear that shall mar our rest! Will the mother refuse to smile upon her little child, because it has been naughty during te day? And can it possibly be that when we are hushed to sleep withinethe Almighrty 'arm, we shall hear the Infinite Mother counting all our sine, and threatening us with eternal e doom n Itcannotbe ! It cannotbe Else wure the earthly mother more tender and 1 kind than the Infinite Mother ! Else were the finite leart of man richer in stores of blessed lovethan the heart of God 1 Do thy duty, then, from day to day, without fear. Remember that all sin is vile, and a living curse to him who cherishes it. "Reverence thyself, 0 man !-and fear to shamne Thy god-like nature with debasing sin." But oh ! never put a limit to tile tender merey of the infinite heart, and let the aithlrowa of thy life be trod with this eon Snrdent faitlh :-That the end is something high, and grand, and glorious ; that Eden lies in tie future, and not behind our backs g that Humanity has not "fallen," but hasi risen, and is ever rising in purity and d power ; that ee are arbiters of fate, within the himits assigned us by necessity ; and in that the Divine Drty whlh we owe to Gad is to nmke the best of twhat is given us, 'helping our fellow-men who need our help, is stretching fonrward with a longing eye, and I leading all things to that far-distant goal to which every succeeding age has bent its steps. O man !--hold thee on in corage of soul ft. Through the stormy shades of tir worldly Sway, SAnd tle billows of cloud that round thee roll rn Shall sleep in the light of a wondrous day, Where earth and heaven shall leave thee free is To the universe of destiny. . 