SPECIAL TELEGRAMS. greville's telegram company. London, Wednesday. The International Conference proposed to be held at Washington to determine upon the universal mean meridian, will in all probability nrove fruitless in consequence of the action of France in opposing the fixing of the meridian at Greenwich. An outbreak of cholera has occurred at Barcelona in Spain. Mr. Justice Chitty has intimated that he will adjudicate upon the claims against the old Oriental Bank on the Sth December next. Sydney, Thursday. The Hon. A. Stuart continues to improve. He had a good night last night. A heavy thunderstorm, with torrents of rain, this morning. I In the Legislative Assembly on Wednesday | the business was confined principally to the ! consideration of the Legislative Council's I amendments on the Land Bill. The amend ment in clause 21 was agreed to, with the ad- I dition of an amendment proposed by Mr. j Garrett, to the effect that improvements on the j resumed areas shall be paid for by conditional purchasers or the lessee. The Government strongly opposed this amendment, but after a long debate it was carried against the Govern ment by 53 to 9 votes. All the succeeding amendments, after further debate, were even tually adopted. A long discussion took place on new clause 130, which was amended by Mr. Farnell to omit the words which prevented the purchaser or leaseholder from impounding in cases of trespass. This was agreed to and also the remaining amendments as far as new clause 145, which was disagreed from, thus finishing the Land Bill, with the exception of the adoption of the report, which will be made to-night, and the bill returned to the upper House. It is expected the Government will proceed with the railway policy and loan estimates to night. The dead body of an infant was found in Neutril Bay yesterday. The body was wrapped round with a piece of a sheet of lead. There are several cuts and a punctured wound over the deceased child's temple which points to foul play. At the Provincial Synod yesterday Canon Selwyn said the Church of England would be obliged to go to Parliament for power to deal with its property, but he asks is it worthy of the Church of the living God to go for ap proval of what we do to men who are not as a whole a Christian body, and who do not in voke aid of the Holy Ghost to guide them in their deliberations in the House. The Bishops yesterday came to the conclusion that there is need for general legislation with regard to the Church of England cemeteries in the colony. At the complimentary picnic to Beach yes terday Hanlan in his speech said he was very confident of his ability to beat Beach. It is thought not to be improbable that the British Government has under consideration the propriety of submitting to European arbitration the question of the annexation of the Pacific Islands, and and a better under- > standing is beginning to prevail on the Colonial policy between Germany and Eng- ' land, and points to the probability of united ; action between those countries and France. This view, is strengthened by the fact that Dr. Krauel; the Sydney German Consul, has been suddenly summoned by a cable message to Berlin by his Government, and leaves this after noon, via. Melbourne, to catch the steamer Caledonien. The exact nature of his visit to Berlin has not transpired, but it is believed to be the annexation or protectorate of the South Sea Islands. The steamer Madjus, 246 tons, from Eng land to Sydney, almost in ballast, foundered off Port Macquarie during heavy weather. The crew all took to the boats, and after being out all one night were picked up without any loss of life taking place. Mr. Timewell, the Sydney bicyclist has arrived at Gladstone and has left for Rock- hampton. When he reaches the latter place he will have completed a ride of 1000 miles. 