Literary Notes* Mr. Gladstone makes a modest appearance as a writer in a little volume entitled ' Healthy Bedrooms and Nurseries.' ' - Canon Iiddon is making but slow progress with his life of Pusey, his work having been interrupted by nt.Vipr rliitios. Mr. Fawcett is reprinting from the new edition of his 'Manual of Political Economy' five chapters which specially refer to questions affecting the indus trial classes. Mr. Auberon Herbert is busy preparing a number of his contributions which have appeared at different times in the magazines and daily press for publication in book form. The article on the censorship of the stage in the coming JFestmituter Review is by Mr. William Archer, w\j has succeeded the late Mr. Dutton Cook as dramatic critic to the Worid. The famous phrase of Denys, of Burgundy, ' Cou rage, camarade, le diable est mort,' ' is to be fomnd else where than in Reade's ' Cloister and the Hearth.' It occurs in one of Dry den's plays. Loid Tennyson's works are to be brought out in a new and handsome edition by Messrs. Macmillan and Co. The volumes are seven in number, and will be . published monthly, from June 1, at five shillings each volump. The Anthropological Society at Kiel, with the co operation of the German Government, has organised a valuable ethnographical museum. One of its chief ot jects will be to ava/2 itself of the objects and notes ? brought home from South America by officers of the German navy. Messrs. Scribner, of New York, have intimated to Mr. W. T. Jeans, author of 'The Creators of the Age of Steel,' that they have republished that work ia America, where they find it is in demand, and that they intend to pay him for every copy 6old the same royalty that they pay to American authors whose works they publish. ' The Seven Conversations of Dear Jones and Baby Van Renssaliaer ' is the title of a love-story which. Messrs. Brander Matthews and H. C. Bunner have written for the May Manhattan. Certain of the same characters appear also in 'The Rival Ghosts,' a si fry which Mr. Matthews has written for the Maj Larpet's. Messrs. Sampson Low and Co. have just issued that rr^et useful compilation, the English catalogue of ttoks published in 1883. The catalogue contains a deplete list of all the books published in Great Britain and Ireland, and a selection of those issued in America during the same year. Some 7000 books are mentioned and described. Messrs. Cassell and Co. have in the press a work by Mr. W. H. Barneby, entitled 'Life and Labour in the Far Far West,' being a description of a tour under taken bv the author during the spring and summer of 1883 in 'North America. The author had many oppor tunities of observing the condition of agriculture, more especially in the dominion of Canada and British Columbia. 