7 iori our. (From Eu|llati, Atuertcnn, and olb*r Periodical«.) MA wTS^Ltm. CHAPriîRXVI. ATTB& MANY DASH. The tun was going down in an oriflamme of rose, ond gold, and purple ; a-sheen of amber lay on the Channel's waves, and the air was opaque with yel- low mist, as though that radiant arch in the western ?Icy showered impalpable gold dust on the glow of the waters beneath. Out of the sunset glory rose " the white cliffs of Albion" like painted hillocks on St russet akyt a shadow of pearl and silver yet lingered in the darkening east, and a flush of rose lay on the vessel's spotless sails. It was a perfect alay, drawing to a perfect close-a summer sunset an artist might have raved over; a scene that might» might have compelled ' even- an atheist to " look through nature «p to nature's God!" The Calais packet came speeding onward, cutting the chopping waves of the channel with her sharp prow, the light of the sunset dancing about her, and the foam trailing away in her wake, the only speck visible to the naked eye from the tall white bluffs of Dover to the green hills of fair old France, You have been up there on the Dover Chalk cliffs of course, and (he road ia not new to you as we drag oar way up the winding, zig-zng path, and look down on the channel below. Neither are we tbe only eyes that enjoy the majestic sunset from this grand old outlook ; for glancing a little to the left we see that knots of troops from Fort Burgoyne are grouped here and there across the summit of the bluffs, three or four fat old women lounge back to comfortable nooks fanning their red faces with huge palm-leaves, and looking very much BS though they were going through a slow process of boiling. Half a dozen misses in blue and white wander about, enjoying .the sunset, (and a sly flirtation with the red-jacketed troops when the fat old ladies doze for a minute, or become too much interested in domestic topics to see what then charges are doing,) and from Dover Castle - Btandinc over there on a picturesque bluff, three hundred and odd feet above the sea-to the boundary of the Drop Redoubt, somebody or something is either moving about, or dozing, or looking at the in- coming packet, and we have any quantity of com. pany at this " summer sunset hour." We look casually from face to face, and finally manage to become interested in one It is not a dashing officer, however, it is not one of the fat old dowagers, neither is it winsome beauty of the misses in blue and white that brings this feeling to us; for they era strangers all, and the face that attracts «8 is one we looked last upon in " The light of other days," and in a far different scene from this. The gentleman standing there is very familiar. He ii a little older, perhaps-a little more wrinkles about the lips and eyes, a little more silver about the temples, and a little more bending about the ehoul* dera and knees-but the change is not sufficient to preclude tbe sudden reversion of memory, and while be stands there watching the Calais packet onie steaming in, we glance at him for the first time, and easily recognise Miss Dimiedalb's father in the droop- ing figure before us. fie stands at the edge of the bluff, watching the vessel with an eagerness that leads UB to surmise that ita safe landing is a matter of no small interest to him, and being of a very curious disposition, we eat about hunting up the whys and wherefores, while he stands there alone. It is a very dark history we trace backward from that night by the lonely grave in the Jersey hills, and to both of the men who stood there in the yel- low lustre of twilight time has wrought suffering And sorrow enough to make the golden past seem Sges and ages ago. Setting their backs to their native land, they Sailed away to sunny Italy, trusting blindly that life might yet hold some brightness for them. A month in Genoa was enough to dispel the dream, and broken in spirit and in health, they took up a wanderer's Cross - and strayed away, taeeking forgetfulness ae «ogfrly as Ponce de Laon followed his delusive dream of the fabled fountain of youth. All a vain delusion ! Glorious Rome, with its ruined grandeur' brought only memories of a blighted past, and the drone of old " Father Tiber," washing the sands with his yellow waves, Bang only of "what might have been," never of what yet might come ; and, breaking now under the ban of his secret sorrow, Royal Ears ^ lake began to droop and grow melancholy. Venice «ras viiited, the Vatican, the Bay of Naples-all in the hope of reviving him, but each more vain than the other. He would die, the doctors said, unless bia insatiate desire for travel led him into some land Whose climate agreed with bim better than the fevered air of Italy ; end when a year bad come and gore since the night be looked back on the lonely grave marked "Madolin," chance led him to Spa.ond nnder th« revivifying iafluences of the great German watering-place he seemed to take new life and for' get for awhile the shadows he had left behind, He was improving, and John Dimisdale began to hope where he bad once despaired. The glories of Spa would save him, be told himself, but the hops «ras daBhed to earth again, for after a few brief WeekB at the famous watering-place, Mr, Karslake Bfain grewrestlessand resolved to travel once more. In vain his cousin tried to dissuade him; he could live in one place but a little while, he said, and if travel would bring bim peace, he would purchase it Bt the risk of his fortune and' bis life« And once »gain the weary pilgrimage began. Antwerp, Austria. Brussels, Copenhagen were visited ; then back again to Y près, ITormandy, and Anally bright Paris itself, By the time.the summer suns bad come again, the old illness, the old restlessness bod returned, and one dusky eve when the twilight lay yellow on the Beine «Jffllt atúfete«} laiWifflat'tbefiraii.msrked, " Madolin," he drew his4tftt»man.»a'th»iirlV8ti rbafilv&ia;'wltH hls$*& flSfë&A;&ilhe; russet sky, he turned away and " Joüri, the oJd dream ot vengeance is co minc back j again. I cannot find peace in forgetfulnees, audio I mean to seek retribution, I am going to London '» Bis kinsman looked at Mm in surprise, I " Going to London, Royal ?" he repeated. "What j for ? ' i " I have told you," he answered, in a cold, calm I voice, " I nm abou' to gratify my dream of venge- i ance. I have been reniing the English papers at ] the hotel, and I have seen a name in their columns that has set my brain uflre. He is there-Arthur Negwyn is in London, and I mean to seek him, mean to 8t/ike him back as he struck me-honor for honor, and heart for heart 1 Hush 1 do not interrupt me. My life and soul are welded in the task, and nothing fchall swerve me from my purpose now. It is your co-operation I want. To- morrow we shall start for Calais-you, shall take the Dover steamer, procure a private dwelling in some respectable part of LondoD, (<nd in three days meet me at the Dover landing, Hire the place under your own name never let mine be even whispered-and before another winter's snow lies on those two graves, wife and daughter shall be avenged 1" It was quite in vain to attempt dissuading bim ; his mind was set on the task ; and on the morrow John Dimisdale shook hands with him, and left bim standing on the Calais wharves. This is what we leam by looking back, dear reader, atd we no longer wonder why Mr. Dimisdale stands alone on the white bluff« of Dover and watches, with eager eyes, that vessel steaming onward through the sunset, and the blue waves of the English channel, for it brings his kinsman to the land of a foe ; and looking on the dancing waters beneath him, Mr. Dimisdale can see only shadows and sorrow in the future, even as there were misery and suffering in the olden past The big red sun drops lower in the western sky. The idlers on the bluffs- depart by twos and threes, A broad yellow moon lifts its luminous face over the waters. A few large stars peep silently out. At last Mr. Dimisdale stands alone on the white cliffs, with the hush of the summer eve about him. The packet steams majestically on toward the wharves -that clueter about the little city beneath him. The vessel has bees delayed, and he is very anxious, very nervous, as he stands there and watches it grow bigger and bigger es it draws near the shore| aud it is positive relief to him when the pilot-bell clangs, and the people swarm eagerly down the wharves below. The long wait is over, and very briskly he turns away and joins that noisy throng. The packet touched the landing, the cables were made fast, the gang-plank was lowered, and then carne the black string of passengers swarming from the vessel's aide. ; Mr. Dimisdale stood a little apart from the throng and waited for Royal Kirslake's coming. The crowd parted a little, a drooping figure carne down the gang-plank, a deal of silver in the hair that used to be dark, a restless sadness in the eyes that used to bs so bold, a quantity of crowa'-feei about the stemt imperious lips of old-and the ghost ef the man who spoke to Charlotte Dimisdale that night on the yellow sands at Long Branch came through the noisy throng and took his kinsman's proffered band, " You have carried out my plans ?" " To the very letter, Royal, We stop at the Lord Warden Hotel to-nigbt, and at noon to-morrow we leave for London." This very singular greeting was all that passed between them, and turning away, Mr. Karslake sum- moned a cab to drive them to the Lord Warden Hotel. He was exceedingly calm and collected as he stepped into the lumbering old vehicle, and sank back ia the dingy cushions, but Mr. Dimisdale wa8 very pale and very nervous, and his kinsman noticed it. " You seem agitated, John," he said, in a solicit" ou« voice. " Has anything disturbed you ?" Mr. Dimisdale started a little, looked confused» and finally managed to stammer : ' ' " When we have supped there is something I wish to show you-something I cannot thoroughly under. Stand." < Mr, Karslake made no reply. Whatever the cause of his kinsman's singular agitation, he knew he should leam it at the allotted time, and sinking back in the faded cushions of the cab, be maintained a meditative silence until they drew up before the doors of the Lord Warden. Mr. Karslake deposited his effects with the burly porter, and, passing into the hotel, the two gentlemen were conducted to their suite of apartments. Supper waa ordered and served in the little parlor, whose broad, airy windows opened on the channel, giving a view to the moonlit waters in the distance, and a glimpse of the citadel, one of the fortifications o' picturesque old Dover, Mr. Dimisdale's nervousness appeared to increase as the meal neared its close, but Mr. Karslake was cool, and calm, and collected to the very last. H9 pushed back his chair when he had finished, rang for the waiter to remove the remainder, walked calmly to the window, and stood looking out on the moon lit channel until the fellow had retired. " Well ?" he said, in a questioning tone, wheeling round and facing his cousin when the door had closed behind the waiter, and Mr. Dimisdale, very white, very nsrvous, got up and faced him. | " Don't be agitated at what I am about to show you, Royal," ha said, in a' wavering voice, " for God only knows what this mystery may mean. Come to the light a moment. I want you to look at this pic" fure." His trembling hand slid into an inner-pooket as be spoke, and the photograph ef a woman came ou t in the quivering fingers. ° " Tell me who looked like that, Royal ?" he said, as he put it in his kinsman's palm, and Mr. Kara lake's eyes fell on the pictured face. One look-only one-then with a gurgling, gasp- ing, soul-sickenirg cry, he left the picture fall, and staggered blindly back. "Madolin! My God! Madolin I" Oùly that panting exclamation, then, with a swift and tiger-like ferocity, he planted a swift heel upon that pictured face, and looked up into his kinsman's eyes. " How dare you show me her likenes P" he uttered bleakly. " How dara you recall one phantom of the past P" But Mr. Dimisdale stooped and wrenched the pic- ture from beneath his heel. "Calm yourself,Royal,"he said, nervously, "It ia indeed a phantom over which you are excited. This pioture is not Madolin's ; it ts that of a stranger." " A stranger ? No, no ; it cannot be. It is the face»of Hermione'8 ohild, I tell you-the face of Madolin, who sleeps in that lonely grave. How did you come by it, and where P" " I purchased it in London, Royal, The pioture shops are full of them. It is the portrait of Mile Violetta, the reigning actress of the day." He paused a moment and looked in his Cousin's face. c< Shall I tell you what it made me think, Roval P" he said, presently, " Ton sent me to London bo cause Arthur Negwvn is there. Do not start ; do not cry out. WeljAthe woman with that wondrous likeness^, ¡¡i, England" also. Royal, it was only bl«abBOVand«now*whit«ned bones wa buried ¿(hjthßl Jersey hills. Might tbere not bave been a miitake f Might not this man be Arthur tfegwyn, the younger P Might not thin woman-" A cry broke in upon hit words. " Peace f peace, I say 1" came forth the boBrse in- terruption. ""Ï uset my brain «fire, Ni, no, no; I'll not believe it, Madolin is de id," " But if not, Royal ? If there has been a mistake -If the bon ei we buried were only those of a stran- ger-if Mile, Violetta and M*do!in Karslake are one, what then, Royal-what then P" And the face that turned to John Dimisdale then he naver forgot to his dying day " What then? Tou ask it-you ?" the hoarse, im- passioned voice replied. "Take lesson of the Ro- man father who stcriioed his off-pring to the stern decrees of justice. If Madolin Karslake ¡ives, a mur- deress exists ; and a murderess must go to the scaf- fold I Look at me 1 These-whitened hairs are the work of her arte ; this bended frame, these sunken eyes, the child of your love lying unavenged In her early grave-all, all are the cursed evidences of her crime ; and shall not justice be done t If the lives let her tremble 1 The hands shs has palsied shall find strength enough to drag a murderess to her doom, the honor she has crushed shall find life enough to see justice done. The voice she has broken shall find power enough- to cry, ' Behold a murderess f let blood be avenged 1' and the infamy she has sown shall be reaped according to her deeds. Hush ! do mot speak to me. Alive 1 Ab, Heaven, it cannot be. Alive- Madolin alive I My brain reels, my heart is bursting. Leave me-leave me, John« and let the psst be dead again." He staggered to the window as bespoke, and fell on his knees before it, his bowed head resting on the broad sill, his tbin, white hands clasped over his throbbing temples. Mr. Dimisdale moved forward end touched him on the shoulder. - " Ton foi^lve me for recalling the past, Royal, do you not f"-he said, and the man before him breathed out a husky" Tes," " I could not help it : the pic- ture moved me, and I had to speak, but we will for- get it again, Royal, and to-morrow will start for London." There wat no reply from the figure at his feet. He was still, as though death had touched him ; and looking once more on the white bead drooped in tbe lustre of the Kentish stars, Mr. Dimisdale turned away and left him there alone' 