Missionary Work in New Guinea. IN speaking of the above the Rev. W. G. Lawes is reported in the Age of the 23rd in- stant to have said that the "mission in New Guinea consisted of two branches, which were distinct and separate. The western branch, lying to the west of the Fly River, was under the care of Messrs. McFarlane and Scott, who lived for health's sake on an island in Torres Straits, included in the Queensland territory. The eastern branch had its' head- quarters at Port Moresby, and of that branch Mr. Chalmers and himself had the superin- tendence. It was of the latter, therefore, that he intended to speak. 1871 the work might be said to have been commenced in New Guinea. In 1872 a station was opened at Red Star Bay, but it had to be abandoned on account of the unhealthiness of the situation, and a Victorian citizen, Mr. James Orkney, who visited the island, saved the lives of some of the people by removing them. (Applause.) In 1871 Mrs. Lawes and himself ?? ived at Port Moresby. The-small weatherboard house which they took with them was built by the sailors of the John Williams in five days. The house that Jack built still stood about 300 yards from the village, although the natives at the time pro- tested against the erecting it so far away, because, they said, the men from the mountain tribes, or the ghosts, which they feared far more, would come down in the night and destroy it. They found that thieving was practised to such a large extent amongst the natives that it was necessary to keep every- thing inside. Their difficulty then was to keep the natives out. If they once got in there was no getting rid of them, especially if the pot was on the fire, and they saw visions of a forthcoming meal. Previous to that Mrs. Lawcs had heard of New Guinea being a land 'flowing with milk and honey.' Well, they did not see the milk nor taste the honey. They wondered, in fact, what the people had to live on—a poor miserable crowd they were, and the country seemed as poor as themselves. The noble savage of the poet and the novelist was conspicuous by his absence. He was inclined to be sceptical on the subject of the noble savage, who he thought was chiefly the result of fertile imaginations. When he and his wife landed they were quite curiosities, and the pictures which they took with them were never failing sources of wonder. It was currently believed that Her Majesty came out of the picture in which she was framed and consulted with them at night. They were accused of raising epidemics and plagues. However, he found that Port Moresby would be an important place in the future, and no doubt it would develop into an important centre for the British protectorate, as it was an excellent harbour. On the south of the island he found that the race of men were very similar to the Maories of New Zealand, though they were infinitely inferior in physique. In relation to mission work too much credit could not be paid to the South Sea islanders, many of whom were the real pioneers of civilisation and Christianity. (Applause.) One of them had been at Port Moresby for eleven years, and about seven years ago, when there was an influx of white men, he saved many lives by the careful nursing of himself and wife. These men had proved invaluable to the white men, and they claimed the help and sympathy of all white men, seeing that they were mere children in knowledge and experience- (Applause.) The central mis- sion station consisted of himself, Mrs. Lawes, Mr, Chalmers, and several South Sea islanders and New Guinea natives, who had been obtained for the work. One of the best-named had translated the pro- clamation of Commodore Erskine into the native tongue, and read it to the natives, through a few years before he was a cannibal. (Applause.) There was a great misconception existing as to the character of missionary work and the kinds of influence brought to bear upon the people. The missionaries, it was true, did not wear black coats, nor did they try to teach the natives any system of theology ; but believing as they did in that Divine gospel which brought glad tidings to all men, they endeavoured to bring it to the natives without teaching ????ianism. They did not wish to, teach them any "isms." (Applause.) They saw the teachings in the lives of the men who taught them rather than in their teachings. (Renewed applause.) The missionaries had also taught the natives arithmetic and geography in their own language, as it was impossible to educate them in the English tongue. One feature in their own education was the use of tools, and some of the natives could do ordinary carpentering jobs well. The missionaries had tried to introduce the true Gospel of Christianity, and their names rapidly sprawl from tribe to tribe, and this they thought was the first rung in the ladder of civilisation. (Applause.) At the present time they had upwards of 250 communicants, whose lives were consistent with their professions in the faith of Christianity. The natives had also learnt to respect the Sabbath. (Applause.) During the last ten years the natives had com- pletely changed, as now these on the south coast lived at peace with all men. He hoped to have the Gospel translated into the native language, and something had been done in this direction by the New South Wales Government, who had promised to print a grammar and dic- tionary in the native tongue. This would be a valuable help to foreign settlers, and it great boon to the natives. He wished to refer to the valuable expeditions sent to New Guinea by the leading newspapers of this city for the exploration, of the country. Newspaper corre- spondents were, however, lavish in their criticisms though good in advice, and one of them said that the mission had had nothing to do with the improvement of the people, but he (Mr. Lawes) found that the natives around Port Moresby were now growing pumpkins, pineaples, sweet potatoes, and oranges, and were also producing leather, the whole of which good results he attributed to the efforts of the missionaries. (Applause.) New Guinea had now entered on a new era, as it had been annexed under the most hopeful circumstances. The British flag had been hoisted, and the people on the southern shores were all attached to that flag. (Loud applause.) Commodore Erskine had not only discharged his duty, but he had earned the good will of the people of New Guinea, and his memory would be cherished throughout those shores. He (Mr. Lawes) was glad to be able- to testify that, although so many men from the squadron were on shore, he had not heard a single complaint made against the conduct of a marine or a blue jacket. (Applause.) He supposed the Nelson was not generally classed as a missionary ship — (laughter) — yet her men in New Guinea had taught, a lesson of justice and righteousnesa. The natives, gained some idea of what England's power was, and when the fleet left it had given a practical lesson in moral teaching, which the people could well understand and appreciate. They knew that the Commodore could have done anything he chose with the power he had at his back, and yet he went away without taking even so much as a single banana without paying for it. And now the fine series of noble harbours along the southern shores of the island' were secured to the British Erapir? He would have been glad if the Union Jack had floated on both sides of the island — (loud and prolonged applause)-but it was evident that the Imperial Government meant to dis- charge all the duties involved in the respon- sibility which they had assumed, and he could easily imagine that they would drink from assuming a protestorate over such a vast number of wild barbarous tribes, and such a large extent of unknown country; and, after all, the German flag was a guarantee of law and justice and order. (Appause.) It was only among, barbarous tribes that they found the suspicion which looked upon every foreign power |as a hostile one; but so far as the protectorate extended he could assure them that the natives understood it. He did not mean that they understood it in all its bearings, but they understood its general character, and he trusted that any future development of the pre- sent protectorate- would be upon the lines of its inauguration. The guardianship of native rights was not antagonistic to British interests. Tho resources, of- tho oountrj -woirfd be beat doveloi)«l tliiiugri tho natives, and not by riding rough, shod over them. (Applause.) That protection \nw noeded tho lato.doplorablo cases in connoction witli tho labour vessol Hopeful, and Homo other ins tan ooa that could be mentioned, proved only too olwwly. U the p^aa for miiroy that wait being inadj- on bohftlf qt' the uqfpitunate caoa cxmnootsd with 0 vessel named wero favournbl, r oonsidorod— and ho trusted it would be-he ho\ '-od thero would bo no lessoning of the senso oi their orimo in tho p'ublio inind, for bv tho cruelty an4.P? ??' justico of these men they had im.r'?nuca *° lives of, all who mighjt-gp after fe. iem- Ho (Mr. Lawes) had rcasonW-.beliove that n0 mtm. had. loft his homo in Now Guinea, ,/xccPt under tho boliof that ho would bo retm n0 , iu threo montlis. tTnfortunately many h. ?gone to Queensland and had found thoir graves there, but justico demnnded that the survivow should bo rotumed. If they woro dotained for three j-ears, for which time it was said the agreements had been made, then thoro would be a stain on tho otherwise unsullied flag of tho protectorate, and tho faith of tho natives in tho honesty and truth of the ?white man would be very greatly shaken. (Loud applause.) The southern shores of New Guinea wero now under a British protectorate, and that result was largely, inclocd ho might say entirely, owing to Australian influence. (Loud applause.) And now they had got it, might ho ask what (hoy woro going to do with it? Thoir own ahorigines, too long neglected and forgotten, scorned almost to bo in a hopeless condition ; and woro these natives of New Guinea to bo similarly or worse treated ? Ho asked them rather to accopt them us fellow subjects and as follow men. (Loud applause.) Do not talk about them as 'niggors' nnd 'blaokfollowB,' but shako hands ivith them across tho Straits. The blaok would not come off; the contact would not hurt them. (Applause.) But it might bo said of tho cringing' native who begged for tobacco that ho had got no sense of honesty or truthfulness. Tliat wus a mistake, for it had been proved that he had, and he (Mr. Lawes) wa3 proud to class mafty Now GuineanB amongst 'his most faithful Iriends. (Applause.) They wero capable of under standing what truth and honesty and faiUMtd ness meant. He did not desire that tho codeBang policy of blankets and biscuits should bo adopted towards them. He only asked tivit they i-Tiould bo accepted and treated as men- - weak and ignorant men no doubt, but stilY membras of the- hurnnn family ; and if that were done tho natives of New Guinea would develop yet into a fine and vigorous manhood. But to secure this- end they mutt have patience. They couii not muke Jhese children of Now Guinea understand at onto nineteenth century la-a-s mid ideas. But do not let Ihe natives bo templed trader foot. A great nation -»uld aft'erd not only to be- jjist but to be liberal aud generous to n people like 35iat of Kew Guinea. Tlie Christina men iind; wumen of these great colonies now ?»ad a golden opportunity. New Guinea sat at their feet ncd askeiS for tbat which had muue thesacolories rich siad great ;iiml' h,7nonrablo- and happy. She raited for bread, and' -\you3d thoygive 3er a sitone. In She island tlioy alight expect that cimrnerce iVtiuld thortly be- repre.-entedv science- would I'e 'ropresetitcd. nwd' gec- gmpnifcal rCMKvrch ; and tvbu!A' they ue/t see ? 4d' it Hint uiriKsation w.is fairlyrcpresen-ltd tHewalso^ and t?.nt tho conntry which' God had plhocd- in their Sands for good or for cvii sh'oultl' be anpregauted with -t trua-anda hcidthy CSrietiiiTfity 'i (|Houd applause.) 