I-~lawkhiirsc. - : And now one might have detected that the edge, of.her suffering seemed somewhat blunted. A stony calm seemed to hld her in thrall, the calmness of a horrified despair. Sh& passed her hand above her forehead wearily, as if brushing away something that disturbed her: She arose mechanically and began to dress herself with hands that seemed too stiff to perform their office. 'Poor Noble,' she whispered softly. 'It will. come hard' upon him. It they knew, they would send mne to pribon, I suppose. And in any case I am not Noble's wife. I know'I am not. I am the wife of Dane Conyere, and Dane Conyers is alive. Is Noble bound to me if, I am not to him? Will tlhere be a scandal ? That siould gall him terribly. Oh I if I might sink out ofhis. life as a stone sinks into the river, leaving:no tracebehind. He would mourn for me, but no shadow of disgracewould darken his life. To die now I 'To die now!' She set her white lips together in a straight thin line, and hastened with her, dressing. The garments she-had worn that day she re sumed, one by one, e.cept her bridal dress. Her travelling costume of navy-blue serge was spread upon a chair ready to put on her purse, her handkerchief, her gloves, in the pocket, ready for use. She put it pn, jacket and all Heir hat, enshrouded In a gray vail was on. her table. Slie put that on also. These articles of attire had been made ready before her going.forth .that morning, for the journey of the evening-the bridal journey. But what journey was this'upon which'she was bound ? She felt feverish and cold by turns, anrd put her hand again and again to her forehead in that dazed kind of way. She was all dressed. A strange excitemncnt began to burn in he'r 'Poor Noble!' she soid again. 'I don't think he could bear disgrace. I seem to blight every one's life. Why didn't I die in Switzerland ? Ah I it was cold there, with the Alpine snows afar off oni the mountain crests, and the winds blowing through the valleys. I know of phlaes there where one might live on tlrough ,ges, forgotten and unk'lown. How cool.'Lake Leman's deep blue waters were I :Hirow delicious it would be to bathe my head in its waters I' Her ayes flashel and glowed with the fird of fever.\She laughed a little in a strange sort of vaj, and then .started, frightened,.at the soi?nd. \ ' MIy head ~ ils so strange,' she thought. I hope I am . going to be ill again. i've had a hard life--i very hard life. \Would it be wrong tb end\it? I wish I was lying under the cool wats of the river. Noble would know that I was dead and would mourn for me, never inking how nearly I had broulght disgrace u n him; The river is a reatly-made grave for~vomen like me.' Agin herears were starled with her own wildlow laughter. She\shuddered . and lookd over her shoulder ,with peering frightened eyes. Half-delirious, .with the terirors of her situation pressing frightfully upon her,,weak.and worn from toil and a starvation diet, her preceptions vere bewil dered. She only knew that she wanted to die. She opened the door softly and glided like a ghost down the stairs, flight after flight. The drawing-room door was slightly ajar. She could hear the sound of subdued voices, hushed asif death were in the house. The door of.the rear parlour was oplen also, and ]eryl could see the wedding-breakfast set out with withered flowers. It had not been touched. She listened a moment in hope of hearing Desmond's voice, and then she opened the street door and slipped. out, half maddened, intod the winter night. and hurried instinctively in the direction of the river. CHAPTER XXXI. THE bells were tollingthehour.of midnight. The traffic of the day.was over, the rattling of vehicles had nearly died out of the streets, and a mighty hush brooded. over London. The river ran dark and sullen between its' embankments. A few stars shone dimly in the frowning night-sky, a tew lights gleamed from boats on the river, from houses and from street lamps. Westminister Palace and theAbbey loomed up like gigantic shadows through the gloom. A dash of wet.was in the air, which was also keeni and chilly. The sky was darkening, the wind was rising; a storm was gathering. It was anight for fire side pleasure, for home sympathies, for warm beds and safe shelter. Yet the last strokes of the bells were still echoing through the night when 'a gil caine creeping out upon: Westminster Bridge, her head drooping, her figure bent with weariness. As she passed under one of the bridge latips, its light fell full upon her face for a single in sltant, revealing its Startling whiteness and the brilliancy of the two burning eyes that glowed in its midst. This girl was Beryl. She had wandered about all these hours, intent only upon reaching the river. Shite had traversed street after street, travelling by a long and circuitous route, and had gained the river at last. She moved slowly out into the centre of the bridge and sank down.into one of .the recessed benches at the side, her strength utterly spent. Leaning her head upon the parapet, she looked down'into the black river below. 'I'll wait amomenl,' she said, drearily. I I ought to pray God to have mercy on my soul I' To pray ! It was the first time since the great horror of that day had fallen apon her, that she had thought of prayer I To jray,, when heart and brain seemed alike bursting -whenher soul was tossed to and fro on waves of anguish-when her very reason seemed tottering I Ah, she had not thought of prayer I She had only thought of Noble Desmond, of the disgrace she had brdught upon him, of the utter desolation of he: lot. But she dared not die without appealing to her Maker to forgive her sin. She dared not throw away the'lite -He had given :her with out asking him to be merciful to her. But her thought., confused and burning, refused to shape thenisclves at her bidding. She could not frame one sent nace of implor ing. But back into her tottuted mind, as if whispered by her good angel, came the words of her old school-prayer learned long ago at Vevay. There were no tender memories connected with it. It was not learned at a mother's knee; it was simple and common place; she had recited it in common with twenty school-fellows morning and evening in the old ,school-soom; at the? pensionnat lik~e?v;ell learned lesson.-- She- muttered it now1- half-uncdnsciously, and the words brought back the old school-room, the girls s?he had known there and.loved, the days when she had looked upon her future as a delightful problem, and longed to solve it. Ah, now the tears came to the blazing eyes; now tile white drawn lips quivered; now the sunken chest heaved convulsively, with sobs that would not be stifled. Th3t innocent, happy girl of the old lennsiolinat at Vevay was now what? The wife of two husbands ! A desolate wanderer on the earth-an intending suicide I leryl cried like a child. For an hour she sobbed and wept on-the lonely bridge, 'wlhile wanderers like herself flitted past her thinkiiig her sleeping, or a late cab rattled by, or some steirn guardian of the.night' passed and ire passed with a watchfiul eye upon her. ': The tears reased her brain and heart. The burning fever left her. 1Weak,; and wiorn, and still despairinig, she yet had striingh .to utter a new prayer from her very soul. that God would pity and guard her..' She looked oier the parapet agaip, but the river had lost its fatal fascination. She shuddered, and drew back. Not for.her a suiicide's grave in that black stream, not for her: ai' deiath' by, violence I :She could not ilestroy her own life, and with it perhaps all her hopes of eternal - peae.. -. 'Oh,? l've. geen mad !' she thought. .',Il is terrible to live, but it is more teririble 'to die. For deathi .is not all. If I :couldd nd all in one brief act, if I could fling mri self in the river and know no more forever, l would gladly do it--but death is only the beinmiing?!' Wrapped in herself, .slie did not notice: thriagged, wiretched b·ings who huddled in the other recessed benches for a few :hours' sleep- She had given up all idea of suicide, and now crouched there without ttioghouh of the future, with only a vague tharinnksgivilg that she had not committed the cime of self-murder, and With a shrinking from all thoughts beyond the imntediate present. :' SThe policeman who had passed her two 'or three times appeared again upon the bridge. stirring up the unfortunate ones on: thie benches and driving them away. They moved on before .him like frightened sheep, and made off to arches and doorways they had often haunted. 'Come, you, clear out,' he said roughly, :tirring up Beryl with his club, as if she ha?; been a wild beast in a cage. 'Out of this. 'hese here ain't free lodgings.' Beryl rose up under his thrust and he flashed the full light of his ' buil's eye' upon her. He saw at a glance that she was not: of the same class as the unfortunate women' he had just accosted. The fair pure higih bred face, the gentle, half.haughty reserve of manner, all declared to him that. this home, less one was a.lady. He grew involuniarily respectful, although regarding her sus piciously. ' Pve had my eyes on you some time, Miss,' he said, a little less ruidely. ' Thought yu was making up your mind to juimp off the bridge. This here is no place for the like: of you. It's nigh on'io two o'clock, and you ought to have- been at home huurs ago; Where do you live ?' . Beryl drew away from him, and.did. riot answer.: She moved on slowly, as if to beat a retreat. The policeman kept. at her, sidt . 'Are you thinking of killing . yourself, Miss ?' he asked . SNo,' said Beryl, and low as were her tones, the officer lelt the truth and sincerity of the speaker. I shall not kill myself.' . ' 'That's right. If you've 'lone anything to. offend the old folks and are afraid to go home, remember that scoldings.are better tha'i'nt '6r don streets at this hour. And if you've had : quarrel with your lover, as young women of ever degree are always having, just think that suicide and this kind of thing ain't going to make it up. Where did you'.say you live?'" '-I-I don't know,' said Beryl, 'Please let me alone !' She fitted on before him swiftly and: sped across the bridge towards the Surry side. He would have sprung after her,, but there were more miserables to Istir up in; the recessed benches, and during his moment or two of indecision she had. placed herself beyond his pursuit. , 'Well, let her go,' her muttered. .She's ibre to make for home now, although: she ;ays she don't know where she lives. ,Si'ii) a queer un, and no mistake, a regular nob, too. - hope she'll. get home sate.' Beryl found herself in WVestminister Road, a quarter of London of which she knew nothing." She shrank from entering the dark and narrow streets which continuallybrariched away, and kept to the. wvider and better lighted road, She met women from whose rude stares she' shrank affrighted." She n. cbuntered rude and^ prbfligate men, and drunken men, but only one :or two accosted her, and she flitted on unharmed. She reached the Obelisk, a central -point in the Borough, at which six wide 'aiid important streets meet, and paused here a few minutes to rest. It made no difference to her which way she- vent, and presently she regumed her walk, keeping .idn the same direction of her previous course. She passed along the Borough Road,'and in a dark and shelteired doorwnay, near Queen's Bench Prison, she halted to rest. Her wanderingsp from the nioment of leaving VWestminister Bridge, hadlrdeen, with out aim-almost without thought. --She had hurried on because she desired tolbe in motion. She stopped because :she w'is too tired to walk.• - Her br-in was hn longer :dazed 'ind con. fused. She understood her situation thoroughly. She. knew that the morniing would soon -dain, that she mist. find a shelter. . She could-not go back to: Wells streetto Noble Desmond. Afteiher flight from him, she could not go backv with tile exphlaitini o'f it. That.explanation wouiild seiparate thlieri more: thoro ghly thain .they were separated now. Slih? coild: niot meet him, nor . Mrs. Margle," or the curious lodgers......... 'I I ill ritie?and tell him that he. is free:l' she thought, drearily.i 'But I cannot meet him ever again..- :I love him-better-thnr- my life-and-Dane Conyers is -livinig' 1lOh,'God, help me to dowhat is right'! . -: She tried to think: calmfly. There?were noises all around her, the ceaseless noises of the night, but she did not heed themn Home less people were crouched in other doors niear at hand. Policemen were traversing their weary beats. But, hidden in the dark door way, almost in the shadow of the prisoh, Beryl escaped all observation. She mar shatlled her thoughts like saldiers-for battle. She was the wife of two husbands, both of whom were living. She had married Des mond, thinking Conyers dead, but a kind and watchful providence had brought Conyers to the very. door of.the church in the hour of her second marrlage. She could not cling to Desmond without guilt. She felt that she could never see him-again--that she must spare him and herself the unavailing anguish: of a meeting. 'There is a. barrier betweehn us now that separates us foriee,' she tlhought, -despair ingly. ' I could notbear to meet his gaze, or to-i itness hi?sgrief.? And I c6uld not bear Mrs. Margle's questionings,. It is impossible t~lat I shiouldiever. goback.: to: Wells: street. I.dropped out of their lives last riight never io be taken upagain",' here: then, shall I 'She thought of Switzerland,,where-all-her years up to the last few monriths'ahid been spent.; Tlieire:,as noi hoime for :lier'here. No hoie Ifor her at~ Sitr-odoi:, her in'cles' farmi ;. nd home'fo ler anywilihere. She couid think of no possible: refuge,in this hour of desolate ness. .1 :; The Borough shops were 'b'ecoming gener ally open now, for custom begins early upon the.Surrey side of1 the:Tihames; oAn uphol 'stefer's' shop was open in tlie Borough High: street, and in a little mirror in the window Beryl caught a glimipise ofi her reflectini as she passed by. Pale as death, with great burning eyes, :andhd Wild, strange gaze,;iti was: no wonder people turned to look after .her,. She drew her vail dowli: ob? i'hLr'i'ac to iide it, and.walked on until: she nearod the -Ion doi Bride rainisay terminus. A small;crowd of,people were hurrying into the station. She; followed! them and entered"'i waiting-room, and took a retired seat., . The'questioni od f shere she should go ,was no iearer solution than1 before. .She:had eaten' inotliinain nearly.:twventy-four: hburs, and began to experience physical weakness-in consequeuce. She: Vas Ethirsty, arid .thbtuglit of a cup bf coffee with sudden longing. Putting her hand in her p'cket, she found her purse. She lihad put in the pocket of her travelling-dress, with gloves and handkerchief ready for her bridal journey. Shte had done this befoie goifig' tio ?ciurclih l to? .e' riaried, and h6td locked he-r door oni leaving,.her rodm.' Slie fiound .her mioney now all .in tact--a sum of fortyl-three pounds, and some shillings. .She drew out alshilling, and as she did so, marked a' white :'addres-catd' in. one of the sections of her pocket-bdok.; She esxamined the pastc-bo.rd. ' 'w'as .tliee' catid, ;,hich'had been given iher by the landlady of the Dover Castle H-otel, at Dover, and bore the address of the London hotel Beryl had stojpped'at pn;iher arrival in town,' and also thlie;::address. of a quiet lodging-house' at Bayvsw~ater. ' vny; shouia.. i, qot -go' tnere now ? the girl asked herself. •It is .t long 'distance: to Bavswater,: I' should think;' and I shall .be hidden both from .'Conyers and. Desmond until I can decide upon my future course..': 'With tlip address-card in,.her hand, she went out iupon. tlie platform. A train ,had just arriived. .A row of cabs- were :breakirig up rapidly. ' Beryl signalled 'a four ?heeler,' gave.the address of Poirchester ,:Villas,' 'Nu'm ber Five, I.ansdowne Terrace; Blayswater, anid entering the vehicle, was borne'away to her new destination. . . . SIt?is sa loing drive ..and. a general wake fulness was appareit ;'iihroughonti all- the streets'long beforeI Bayswater .was reached. About nine. o'clock,, the- cab turned into' Laisdowne: Terrace,.-and, proceeded very slowly :,vhilc the cabinan looked oin either side for Porchester Villas. 'They w're',dis covered 'without'trouble, ''ad' the cab drew up lefore'Number ?ive. • ,Beryl alighted, paidi and dismissed her cab;, and rang.; the garden-bell.' Poreliester Villas consisted of a row of houses set back at a little distance. from the streett; Wiitl one' continuous strip ofgarden, laid out in flower beds. and walksi, in: front, of: he-entire r.ow. 'The garden was: separated fronimthe street iby a very tall iron'fence, i lil'whii'.were set at regular ihtervals, 'tall iron' gates' or doors, which were always kept locked--no intruders being .alow'sed in ,Porchester gardens;'- Beryl' had tiime to' observe all this and--and more iefore a woman emerged.. from:the area way of Nuimber Five with ;a key 'in' her hand, and camedown tthe .walk:;and'unhlocked 'the'gatte. "'Does' Miss Cavan'agh -live h'eri?';sked he young giil. '. : " . : . ',She'do6esi 'vMiss ,,ws! the replybf the ser 'ant, ini an ýIris' brogue. Is it wishing" t'se'. Ier, ye are? ~:omie:ii,;'th in.'?':! '' ! i She admitted Beiryl into the.agarden; double-locked the gate, and led the :way.to the house Ilh ho??,uses in ;the row were fen in numiber all precisely alike, bieing' three stories in height, witlihcockney roofs,' clister ing chimneys, arid bay windows running fronm ground to: roof. :The 'ser;ant" coiididcted Beryl up the porch steps through a narrow. hall,; and uslhered her iifto a snug dining-rbdom that:looked out upon lhe.gardcns She then vanished, leaving: Beryl :to :herself.' The visitor drew up to the fire with a long breath of relief. .: ···· ... ~~.. i · . -'· The following pupil teachers have gained promotinn by an ex;iminaiiorin in December last.:Robert .Gall, Marulan, promoted to Class II; An niei E. Jgssop Goulburn South; promoted to Class II.; \Yilliam J. Liggins, Goulbnrn South,. promoted to Class II.; N.ellie:Pain, Goulburn, promoted to Class:II.; W\inifred Rysn, 'Braidwood, pro'mioted to Class II.; Hildal3lackshaw, Gotilburn South, promoted to Class III.; Mary: Morphyi,' Gunning, promoted to Class III.; Arabella Ward,. Goulburn" North; piriimoted to:Class III. ' Dr R. R.Schomburgk's report on' the Botanic Gardens, : Melbourne, states that the' ppast' se.asonlhas been.the best experienced yet for thle Defiance wheat;, i;licli wa's, formerly re commnnded aind isi now lrgely grown, and he advises the cultivation -of variits descrip tions bf millet, and especially the rural Branching Dhura for ensilage.. Thie directors also bespaial attention tor. the Australian nardoo, the Ain'eric'ai:' broom-corn, and peppermint ; the last two being suitable for ne.r industries. WVattle growing has 'been greatly on the increase sincd the removal of thd animals ; and the new avenues to coninect the circle have been laid out, 