Redmond versus Greene. SOME BS7£LATION3 ABOUT THB AGITATOB. ThofoUevring; article from a, recant anmber of tb.e Wbck^oed Ikdepxkdhnt will serve to ;adi»ate in eome degree the estimation in which. Ms, £, ?. Badmond 1b held in the city represented by bis brother »— At an opaa-aif meetiitg held in the Bailiing of 'WcxfeTd on a receat Sabt-ath. day. Mi. John Esdmond, the NatdonaUst member for New !Kob4. thus expressed himself, wtor ali»t afeaat lie friends and supporters of The O'Oonor Don at the last Parliamentary election for this boiongk— That the Bupsortars of The CConar Dan wece a contemptible little clique, ajxi a set of nincompoops. Time was when eome of these mea held influence and power in Wexford (cries' of 'BraTo'), but I remember a saying of niy great uncle well (load cheers) when speaking of one of these men, who used to fawn upon him, and who was the most prominent supporter of the O'Conor Don, - He said that John Greene's support was enough to damn any man. (tremendous applause and cries of 'Well done'). The little clique who in the old days held the power of election in Wexfozd, and who materially assisted to elect men who were the* minion b of English parties, 3X6 a clique of political nincompoops.*' (Cheers and laughter). Making him a present of his allegation, that the most respectable., intelligent, and largest employers of labour in Wexford are ' recognised aa a clique of political nincompoop;/' there ace three of his statements that oannot be passed over in silence. 1\. That ♦' these nincompoops/' or their prede cessors in purity of motive and honest conviction, were ' the minions of English parties.' 2\. That he heard his great uncle say that 'John Greene's support was enough to damn any man/' ?. That one of those men (the said John Greene) uaed to fawn upon him (his great uncle), ' and was the most prominent' supporter of The O'Conor Don.' In sustainment of the first charge he should have entered court himself with clean hands. He ought not forget that his own father was early provided for by the 'real place-hunters of the period, he being ensconsed in a snugr berthas junior clerk in Dublin Castle, which he after wards exchanged for the more profitable Liver pool agency of his uncle's steamer, and thereby nanga a tale. That the son — the calumniator under our notice — wets also pitchforked into a small clerkshipin the House of Commons, which he also subsequently exchanged for the more lucra tive appointment of aParnellite taxgatherer from a poor, straggling, confiding and humbugged people. 2\. The temerity and unblushing effrontery of this man, in making such a statement as this, throws Mendez Pinto, the 'Spanish Liar of first magnitude' into the shade. 'He heard his great uncle, &c.;' Why his great uncle never recognised him, knew him or spoke to him ; and it is the very man lie thus calumniates that re conciled his great uncle to his own father, after the bankrupt fiasco in Liverpool. But more on this hereafter. 3\. There ia a mixture of truth in this aver ment. That Mr. Greene was a prominent sup porter of The O'Conor Don he freely admits, and glories in it ; and blushes for his tellowtowns men's conduct towards that gentleman. But that he ever ** fawned' on John Edward Eed moad is an unmitigated falsehood. It was an con traire — the fawning, the deceit, the ingratitude lay in other quarters, as the whole community can testify. It is hard enough to be cheated out of several hundred pounds without having coarse mendacity superadded to unmitigated wrong and injury. Now for the history of our connection with the late Mr. John B. Eedmond. When we started The Independent, more than half a century back, that gentleman was direfully opposed to us, and assisted in starting an opposition journal, that he used as bis own mouthpiece ; but after a lingering existence for five years it gave up the ghost. After this some members of the Grand Jury obtained an Act of Parliament for the con struction of a free bridge ; but the Act having remaiaed a dead letter for a long time, Mr. Greene and Mr. C. S. Beeves (brother in law to the late Sheppard Jeffares) were solicited to join the committee, and the result was that through their exertions the bridge became free before the end of the year ; so that John Greene's support of this project did not ' damn ' it — to use the member for Boss's select phraseology. At this time Mr. Eedmond made overtures to Mr. Greene; and the latter appreciating his enterprise and devotion to the developement of local resources — including' the reclamation of our elob lauds — a friendship sprung up between them which con tinued to his death. The reconciliation between the uncle and nephew having bean effected by Mr. Greene (as it is well known) the latter was determined to posh him forward (as far as lay in his power) for the sake of his young family. With this view he obtained for him the Commission of the Peace ; and renderedotber services which we refrain from mentioning j but so numerous and urgent were Mr. W.Sedmond'e importunities, that Mr. Greene actually refused to recommend the present mem ber for the borough to the Lord Lieutenant of the county for a commission in the Wezferd Militia. All former favours were then condoned, and vili fication usurped the place of thankfninessj. This being a matter of taste, perhaps & natural and inherent idiosyncracy, we did not mind it. But when he went over to the ' other side/' and stumped the country as a paid- agent of a bubble company — involving two- thirds of the British press (including the three local papers) in fearful losses — he should have previously dis charged his just debts in this office, what ever he did with confiding bakera, butchers, auctioneers, and grocers. He also should have remembered that the monument erected to his uncle was initiated by Mr. Greene, in which he incurred serious loss, independently of several hundeed pounds previously. If the son has any filial affection left — now that he is in Australian funds — ?prbether a la Pat Egan or otherwise — he will discharge some of his father's debts, instead of returning evil for good, and vilifying the bene factor of his household. His aasailment was un provoked and gratuitous. An unkind word of bimeelf or his family never escaped our lips, or appeared from us in print; but as he threw down the gauntlet, it would have been contrary to our nature and the principles of honour and justice not to take it up ; and, if some of the reve lations we have made be unpleasant to him and his abettors, he has only himself to blame. We do not know a viler case of turpitude, mendacity, and ingratitude (we use the last word em piiaticaUy) than his conduct towards us ; and we advise him., when next he ib inclined to bear false testimony against any man before an insensate and eelf-coastitoted tribunal, composed in a, great s&easnxe; of the lowest drags of noeiety —after reflecting that discretion is the better part of valour — th&t; he will not forget to impart to bis audience the moral of the snake in the fable. Ija the foregoing remarkjs, uttered inthedia* charge o? an imperative duty, we have endear ▼cured to restrain ourselves strictly within the eeofinea of simple truth an.4 absolute necessity. Bat we could 'tales unfold' in real life that vould throw some ef our -ftildeAt sensational imaginings into the «hade. wfaa ^otiatta IKQlIsrf a member of- the London gofiool SobmL raxoaa* to pay her tatas, because she is not^loweatqvoteat Parliamentary elwtaoas, A citizen sold his jspeoUolfis off his eyes and ttwR ^BMied rlgat rounf and spent ifce money forifcro? jpgfri »^ai»rtqr. Th& is simiflj a transfer of giassas ?wmmAotb iwThelaw we ajoafc - 4L witr win. h&Y;« Mb jqko. £VGQ^tj£he4?pQftBB -k flw 'VQBfk ~nM boasting j$ha$ tfeglad ^nnyedjg oH ?«n«n ainw) €ec»s. rfimarksd in aa njMstcns, ^ Cairo JStoEr,' ctA^uLm other flay and' told hup ?fths many rfllwstrinus persona ho had fallen to with there. Amongst other? he mentioned Freckles, £be art oritio. ' And wa» hfl qnite himself?' q'mf.h Brown, 'Quite,' was the iej-ly, ' ho bo?roffed * *^v*j:-s^iu,' 