The Bourke-street Ghost-StranSge Proceedings; ! THE interest taken in the doings of the ghost, which is supposed by many to make nightly visits to a certain house in Bourke street, does not appear to have died away. On the contrary, it would' ripear to be on the increase. One is nlow met by sober citizens in the street ·who gravely ask the question, " Have you seen the ghost ?" and many persons are beginning to imagine there is "something up" in that quarter. Tales of dark and blpodly deeds are floating about, and many people& give their heads a signifi cant shake .when they are talking about the "haunted house," as.it is now termed. It has: been stated that a rell-known resident in the city offeired to give some persons a sum of money if they would sleep a night in the house.. But no one possessing the reibsite arilount of courage has as yet dared ?venture inside the house after niightfall, or 6 d8r .the ghostly occupant, or occupants, rf the tenement. The woman alluded to in a foriner parigraph on this"subject has been so terrified that she has declared " she wvould not sleep in the house again for £i/oo." A lot of persons were walking outside the house at a late hour.last night, in order to catch a glimpse of the supposed spirit. Some of them had 'a:good fright befoie they' had been wvialking. long, ns" it' is stated that the' door of the house .was seen to be sblogly opeined ,'from the , inside by. an invisible hand. This was done so noiselessly, that some of the brave watchers and would be captors of 'the spirit were dumbfounded aind- knew 'not what 'to do. A few bolder spirits; 'hbuwever, wen to~ards the dob'~ for the purpose: of going inside the ' building, whe-i, tr. their horror, they beheld tlie door being closed again slowly and.noiselessly. An attempt to open the door a little while after wards proved ineffectual, and the, watchers retired from the precincts of the:place to riumisiate on the strange proceedings of thes night. .Perhaps it will be as well' if the same persons gi inside the house to-night and wait. for :the appearance of the unearthly visitor. : A few valiant men surely ought to be able to capture the ghos't ' and thus solve the dark'and impenetiable mystery ivhich at present lingers o'ei the' spot.: [The above is· to be accepted cain grano saksi?.] j . 