It is really time that the Government should take some steps to secure the more uninterrupted transaction of busi ness in the Assembly. The House has only sat two nights this week, and the greater part of one of them was wasted by| idle discussions which should not have • taken jplace .at alL' On thei; rate - of railway, freight on returned chafi-bags Mr Dow managed: toi get up;a debate] which quickly glided into a, discussion on' the merits of • the legislation of last session for. abolishing - political im I defence in railway appointments. If hbn. j members consideritilheir duty to super vise the smallest details in the working of; the departments, the least they can do: is to sit 6h six nights in the week for a greater number of hours on each; night- than they do now, and postpone dinners, balls, and other junketings ] until the recess. If the Eailway Com missioners are' incompetent to manage such small matters as are often brought up: in the House in connection with their department, they ought to be •removed,, and if the Government remains quiescent while incompetency is I betrayed by the Commissioners, Ministers should be met with a motion of want of confidence. As a matter of fact, the complaints made; are usually founded on insufficient information,, and the complainants could be set fight by making enquiry at the proper office,'or are the ex parte statements of disap pointed applicants. In either case it is intolerable that the public time, which -'represents public money, should be frittered away upon petty matters which would be referred for settlement;, to an officer by any municipal council in the country. : Those hon. members who are continually calling attention to the alleged evils arising out of govern ment by boards are not likely to shake the determination of the people to give the non-political system a fair trial. Their motive not only appears on the surface, but projects prominently. The mode of appointing .railway employes adopted by’the act may not' ensure the employment of the ablest candidates in every instance, but it does at least en- I sure fairjday to all the applicants and “a moderate guarantee jof suitability. iWhen Mr Mackay alluded to the ■appointments under the mew isys tem as “ the scrubbiest weeds ’’ obtainable, he not only made, an unjust!-' liable attack upon a number of unoffend ing public servants, but he attributed to the competitive system an effect which it could not possibly have. The real meaning of all these laments is. that ap pointments should again be placed in the hands of politicians;' but it will require much, more, powerful arguments than any which have yet been adduced tO jConvince the people 'of this colony that it.would be expedient to adopt that . course. It is- true that- the delay of -public, business .of. which we complain is mostly the wort of-a few members. Mr. Qattnson is the most notorious of the offendera, and .he succeeded’ in de laying public .business on Wednesday ,by moving that progress be reported for the. purpose of insinuating a charge against the Minister of. Mines .in com 1 nection with the leasing of Mud Island. From the quantity of- mud which the hon. member .for. South Melbourne is in tha habifc of throwing, it might be sup posed that he -was the lessee of that island himself. There was not a ghost' of a fact' in support"'of the; insinuation, and the business ■ of the country was, therefore, suspended for ho better, purpose than to allow.one member of Parliament to gratify his malevolent feelings towards another; Mr Service mentioned that .the House had ‘been "sitting for" 26 nights, A and there had been no fewer than 13 motions for adjournment. There may'be occa sions when some urgent and important matter can only be discussed forthwith on a motion for adjournment,-but : the form is systematically and ; grossly abased for the express purpose of getting up fruitless. debates upon trifling. matters which have hot the slightest interest for .the general com munity. In justice to the : majoirlty: of members, atwho honestly.- desire to get on with the business of the-country,~an{l injustice to the cohntry itself, which is paying for work which is not immediate steps should be taken to mitigate the .nuisance,.. 'Mr Service appears to meditate some -action in the matter; since :he said, in the debate oh thei Mud episode, that “it -was: the! duty of the Government to see that the- busjness pf the country was carried on, and to endeavour, as far as they cohid,- to T protect other hon: ; thetn^ ben who I«h|m sight to speak as tbbsewho imapiedfiimaeh o&thei;&ilne; 'bfcphe Hpi|e.’' ispis coarse, to fii|ye rodnjfor tbj||rpreuion ortho ntmwl freedom of it wjpjild be ibiuerthK^nogreaifer-rastric than 'ad w. SsBiit of the House are constantly abased by a few hon. members who acknowledge, nn moiSl u f/^aint/itis "necessary ’ for the protection, hr ..the. majority abd/ini i. th.el j/uliUc, to .into licence. ;: the session is to "eitend-over-thd whole- year/iHabsaen-' tial.that'means be found for expediting thoinitia tory stage,in;)£ manner of speaking, has yet beep reached by t^lJand^Bill.' The Mining on rPayatOj PropertyrBillj when it down cfrornythe,: ■Council,..will not ?.;be.:ispeodily.i :disposedx.v.of; since; many of its provisions will, doubtless,: be debated at considerable length. -‘And some of the of the session, .suchjas/ ike and the Licensing Bill, have noty.et.been introduced. The country cannot afford that the waste of time which has charac terised the last ,few r The Premier'has suggested r tha| ,lhe elec tors should mark the obstructionists for rejection at the next election,'-butthe opportunity for applying that remedy-is too far 6 S, ■hrid /^g^6b|i^..‘liiSf'a, i^ht ! ’ to expectthat.the.Qovernment and'the House' shall exercise" ‘their "inherent powers to suppress any nuisance which develops itself within the walls of Par liament. x t o vi o J ' .a J. ,v -Cini thal/the Government would be* pc^eefly- : ibadyft&'ihd(Ufy’<the Land BiU, with-a view to meeting the objections of the minera/was -Verified by the remarks- 1 of - Mr Service in the Hpuse on Wednesday night; He claimed that the Qovernment'are'as eager as any of the goldfields members to protect the mining interest. Their object, was‘to, bring about, such a statejpf the law as* would result in there, not being an inch of land in the colpny tabooed to miners. If the phraseology of the bill did not suffi ciently carry out the Ministerial inten tions of . promoting the'mining industry and developing' the yield of gold, it could be amended'] and the'Premier in vited the assistance of the members for mining constituencies to aid in making the bill perfect. We see no reason why, under such circumstances, .any should be experienced in-, making the bill one thatwill bo peculiarly, accept able to the'Iminirig 'community/:. Mr Richardson is/ we believe/ prepared ; 'to propose amendments in fcoinmittee with the view of meeting the objections : which have been urged. He will propose/the omission , oft the principle from , the .1000. acres, blocks, thus .prohibiting .the, alienation of any portion of tbe'agricultural and/grazing areas;-. It x is also proposed to strike out the provision for rendering , the consent of the Minister of Mines , necessary to enter leased land for prospecting pur poses, Such a preliminary would ha rass the prospector needlessly, and would cause the' loss of so much time, that it would .frequently prevent prospecting altogether/ It is better,, moreover, that the privileges of holders of miner’s-rights should be such as the law confers, and that they should not be compelled to seek as a favour from the Minister a power which theynught to possess as. a , right. We have already pointed out that the alienation of the blocks .of 20.acres on the, goldfields, need J not be permitted;unless it can be con/' sidered as a loan to the miners themselves. If the leasing system is to be universally applied so far as i agricultural and grazing lands are concerned, there does not seem any reason why its application should not extend to the 20 acre blocks on the goldfields. Although the Miners’ Association declared against the issue 1 of these licenses altogether/the objection was probably based upon the fact that under the bill, as under the existing Act, their alienation could, and,- . in all probability, would follow. The ques tion/ therefore, - will require . recon sideration. What is wanted is a clause so framed that miners will be. able to ■ provide : themselves with homes on the goldfields without any possibility arising of mining being im peded by such vested rights as might, be thus created. In view of the pledge given by the Government that the bill, when passed, will, together with the Mining on-Priv|te Property Bill, make every inch of .land in the colony avail able to the miner, it 'will hardly be considered necessary to absolutely pro hibit cultivation licenses for small areas in the auriferous, districts. The ■public are to be congratulated upon the attitude assumed by the Government in respect to this Land Bill,'and the desire expressed by all parties to assist in its perfection. It would be unfortunate were the - measure to be abandoned from any cause. The frieqds of the leasing system especially would be disappointed, since the bill as it now stands proposes to apply that principle to no less than 17 millions of acres, an area'which will be greatly increased if Mr Richardson is successful in having the provision for selection .eliminated.... It ia worth re-, membering: that the. law now permits of the’ alienation, in-fee simple of every acre of the. public 'estate, and if the present opportunity of passing a bill for its retention in the hands of the State is lost, so favourable ; an' ’occasion may hot;again occur before the. Crown lands of the * colony have diminished ' to. scant proportions. ; ’ - ■/ ■: ■ ■ , 