SPORTING INTELLIGENCE, RACING. MELBOURNE HUNT CLUB RACES. The following is the programme of the M HC races which take place at Morning ton to du) - srrLtNa it is, To start at 3 o'clock Of 0 Nov 9 The Innes to be sold 'or £100 Weight. £2 in St lists Ost lili . yrs and now ants list 7lb 712 allow ed for on or production of 216 In selling price Any surplus over and above the Betting like to go to the funds of the club who furlong st lb lion VI Pearson s cb g Primus G ) ra (pro) s 4 Mr M J Kenneth s b g, Saxon aged (2.) 7 11 Mr M Jacobs see Ul various 4) to (nil) 7 7 Mr S Grimwood by li Hannibal need (all) 7 7 Mr 1' Evans s In The Kaiser T) in (all) 7 4 Mr J D Robertson and R Riddington, 4 yrs (nil) ''74 Mr J, Barnard's b g Knowledge is Arsenal) 7 4 Mr R. K Maitland's 0 Cupldon Arsenal) 7 1 Mr S Mills at roan 2) to (nil) Ü 0 COUIMHIAV UAI RACE, A welter handicap of 60 soil Open to all horses To be re Idea by members or hon. members of the Melbourne Hunt Club members of the Victoria -Racing Club or Victoria Amateur Turf Club -three quarters of a mile st lb Mr T A Lang n by li Petrel Overs li 8 Mr 0 VI . metals she Schneider, aged 15 Mr ft K Maitland s b 0 On. Mon 3) ia 10-12 Mr b Mulcra be Pnllloroo 3yrs . 10.10 Mr I 0 Heil a cb g The Ghost Ojra 10.10 Mr H W eoks a cb 0 Manfred I ) in 10.10 Mr W J Austin her bed: The Gift sired 10 2 Mr W Lah out, Jim S g g Sulphur (I yrs 100 HUNG STAKES, A handicap of 60 sons It is furlongs. st lb Mr A Sands a bit stale 4 yrs HI. Mr I D) Robertson s the I addington 4yrs 8.10 Mr S Grimwood bill Hannibal aged 8 7 Hon W 1 earson sche 1 radius 5 ) 1; 8 H Mr J D Hotel soil is in a Precious Stone, 30 ra 8 1 Mr W Lai (lo) s I r li Station or t re 8 J Mr S Miller's bin Cases] cia 3yrs 3 3 Mr I O Held s cb g The shoot 6yrs 7-12 Mr 1 lle>woodsb h Sir Charles lyra . 7 11 Mr 1 Iciefs boLoporello star 7.10 Mr M Simmons's b f feel), I am 7 0 Mr b Miller-st Lynette Myra 5. 7 6 Mr A 1 effect a cb m Lenore aged b) Lee 7 U Mrs Mahon a blood g m La Belle 5 ) ra 7 8 Mr J Keir cdv a b if bacon aged 7 0 Mr h WeelCBBbo Bolero 3yrs 7 D Mr R K Maitland as obtcerdinan, 2 yrs 7 2 Mr S G Cook a clue Hawthorn 2 yrs 7 2 Mr T Cripps a b s I minster, yrs 7 - Mr J Cleehnilach o Cupola J) ra 7 6 Mr J 1 attention s br of Sheila - ) as is 11 Mr 1! lhilll|s8bc!)erkolo\ at. 0 10 Mr b Gardiner silt L) ona Lad), 3 yrs 0 10 OILN But I Lil CLASS, A handicap of 100 and a Two miles and a half st lb Mr G Glossnoelt s br g Blackthorn aged 12 8 Jones as be Australian Court Oyra 11 0 II Connell) s br e Midnieltt need H Howitt g g Chin eltham are" Mr U GL IBSCOCE s be 1 Ickle 0 Mrs Mr H Connolly's be. 1 Friendless 5) to 100 Mr J A fire 1 a bk g Black Jacket Cara I) 7 mr IIHOM SELLING bTAKl S, A handicap of 100 sobs One mile Winner to be sold 2so soiling reunited All proceeds from among winner to go to the club Any other horse may be put out for sale at an upset price of £100, M brch 111 Set will go to the owner, and iiuyBurplua to Otu club F- at lb Hon W Pearson a cb g Private G ) re8 4 Mr li lion lost his Horton 44. 8 0 Mr J A I IUWH I r is 1 circle, Ora s. 7.10 Mr li K Maitland s bo Cupldon, 4 yrs 7 4 Mr S Malton a cab It Sea Serpent, 0 yrs 5. 7 6 Mr J G Held H bin Impulse 4) in . 7 0 M. 1 1 1 are a bit, The Kaiser 5) in Bil Mr S Villiers bro Ian 2yrs 0 8 Mr V Calvert Jim's g g Brimstone 6yrs 9 7 Mr W J Austin's b or br g The Gift, aged 6 7 QULINS mil-HDAV STAKES, A handicap of 20 and a Three quarters of a mile st lb Mr T Uphill a b m Empress, 0 in .. I) 7 Mr L H Eeles 2 ch g Mas parade aged 0 2 Mr A Sn.iilabgS.uirion, 6) in SIR Mr J D Robertson a like 1 Precious Stone, J 3 in 8 Mr R Howie's br 1 Egerton 49th SO Mr V L eneje) a bl li Stationer eyes 8.0 Mr J G Reid's she The Ghost (1 via 7.10 Mr M Jacobs L li Uproarious 4 yrs 7.10 Mr I 1 He) wools h Sir Charles 4) to 7 8 Mr J It Cowollab 111 Caitawa) 4 yrs 7 0 tr M Slnimon.abf Toll) Myra . 70 Mr A 1 start a cab in 1 more seed ... 7 S Mr L Barnard s br li Koli 1 moor, 5 yrs 7 2 Mr E Weeks of Alice Mrs . 12 Mr R K Maitland 8 11 0 di] Won 3yrs 7 1 Mr J G Hold a bin Impulse 4) to 76 Hon W I missed a b g Ivorthora 1 the 8 yrs 7 6 Mr S Miller's br Lameroo, 3 yrs 7 6 Mr R Connell) a brain Hauler) 6yrs 7 6 Mr H K Maitland who Steersman, 2 yrs 013 Mr S G Cook's ch 0 Hawthorn -yon U 18 Mr McKiernan a b in Trifle r ) in YOU Mr J Cleeland a clue Cu) ola I) am 0 11 Mr S Mahon a bri, Miel) free Byra OS Mr b Gardiner a list of one Lady, S ) ra 0 7 C W SHAW, Hon Sec. M C C THE Bri UNO MARKET There is not much spirit In the betting over the Sydney and Adelaide birthday Cups For the former event Lesbia remains firm at the head of the quotations at 4 to 1 offered, 6 to 4 would be taken 7 to 1 is offered agst Lord Clifden and Comet, 8 to 1 List Jessie and 10 to 1 agst the others For the Adelaide Cup King of the Vale came in for support yesterday) of Bon es s A few hun- dreds were taken about him at 4 to 1, and Guesswork was also taken at 7 to 1, which figure can be obtained about Colstoun, no thing else being named SENT- 1918 NOTES [BY SPECIAL Wild. ] (most THESE CUL could SI OVDLNT OF THE AUSTRALASIAN ) SYDNEY, FRIDAY The work done on the Randwick course this morning for tomorrow's racing was of very little moment The meeting promises, however, to be a gale at success., is the Queen's Birthday will be observed in accordance with the statute The fields for the different events will muster strone,!),especially for the Royal Stakes and Birthday Cup, the withdraw Hills on Thursday) having been so few If there be one apprehension, it is the weather which does not look promising for the morrow In fact, this evening there was a heavy thunderstorm, and the ruin fell in torrents He. arding predictions as to there suits is somewhat unsafe, on account of the certain big fields on the one hand and the leavy going on the other However, IthmkClieui her or Dundrear) will pull off the Hurdle Race Iholtojal Stakes 1 latter will produce an interesting race, and as I take it to be a lottery as to the eventual winner, it is with every deserve that I attempt to place them thus Highland Mary, 1, Itupid, _ , lambs), The Moy Stakes is a novel affair, also much that jockeys who have never won a race only are to ride Raines will have no difficulty in finding a youngster to steer Brown and Rose and the Bill) therefore, ought not to miss it The leading event of the afternoon is the Birthday Cup, of a mile and a half and it is with some degree of confidence that 1 discard the top weights and place two of the bottom weights, thus-Lesbia (Donald Nicholson) 1, Lord (-Baden J, who will be followed home by) Comet the Ladies' Bracelet ought to be won by calumnies or Hittmann's Tattersalls Club this evening was crowded, but the business done did not amount to much, and so it and he inferred that the bulk of the specula- tion will be done at the post The horse backed were 1 matter, 1 old 1 Peter, Rapid, Lord Clifden Kathleen and Highland Mary for the Royal Stat es The Cup is almost a dead letter, 0 to 1 being- offered on the field, although Lord Clifden has been well sup-. ported at for, which pure could also be had at the finish The following represents the state of the market - pi'-. ROYAL STAKES 7 to 1 at Privateer (tk and old) I) - 14 01 I 1 -cter (bit and off) so - Flat i 1 (tk and off) 10-12 or 1 Clifden (tk and off) 10-1-lliL.hl.tnd Mary (Ik and off) 10-head seen (on and off) 10-foot o) (off) 15 to 20 to I and others (elf) Binnum our r to 1 agst I able (to) 7-4 Lord Clifden (bit and off) 8- Comet (off) 10- bales "0 (off) li to 20 to I and others (off) BOURKE JOCKEY CLUB RACES [BY TlZToRAPH ] (FROM OUR 912 N C0KRLSI0hDn\T ) BOURKE, FRIDAY The Bourke Jockey Club annual races commenced yesterday 'the rights of (gates, booths c , were sold for a total of £31!) 10s , very much less than last year on account of the bad times The day was overcast and calm, but the attendance was much more numerous than was expected the grand stand being crowded while other portions of the course were all well patronised The track was in splendid order and there was a complete absence of rowdyism or gamble"' I he | bookmakers were very numerous and success for two hot favourites served up for the Central Australian Handicap Wollongong and I searched all the available money, being, taken at short odds The latter was not placed, and the former got third MUDLV named r HALL, In of miles Merlin 1 con"ol.on 2 Only two started Gongolgon fell Won easily SimS 1 ItODUCL brAKE 3 015 800 each from starters, 10 sovs each subscribing sires and ion sons in due Bovell furlongs Air Green's Belvidere Mr VI Kiel are a 1 earless Mr Kill), s Madcap 8 VV on comfortably by three quarters of a length, after a well ridden race STOCKMAN S L UHL Of Isov each, «IthSOsovs added One mile Dora 1 Pygmalion . 2 CENTRAL, AUSTRALIAN HANDICAP "OIOBOVS each wlthSDOsovs added Two miles. Mr Naylor's b h Hastings 8st 8lb 1 Mr Dioksb g Poverty, 9st 1856 2 Mr Warraolrs Wollongong;, 7st 2lb , a Thirteen started Alter six false starts, all got away fairly vi oil together the pace being a cracker from the jump they an in a 1 quote light round an down the straight. At a mile and a hall Hastings assume I the lead, and won by one length time, in 1912 NOVEL nANnlOAl', 012 667 s. each, with 50 Sovs added One mile and a distance Din 1 Pilgrim, Lurline and Shearer also started I AGNES linAOLILT, 5f 2 sovs. each with 10 soil aided and £70 trophy presented by T Oldham Gotthelf, and Co One mile and distance Kingswood 1 Ton started This was a pretty race throughout Won by half a length ALBURY QUEENS BIRTHDAY RACE MEETING [BY TELEGRAPH ] (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT ) ALBURY, FRIDAY The following are the acceptances received at the general entry to accept for the above race-meeting, which takes place to morrow - MAIDEN PLATE Albury Hello loy Rebus. 3 UNO HANDICAP Tav our VMM Oats Omadhaun Bijou Dawn Coup d That Daunia Doo Dorrie Alice (Hoy sted s) (Baker B) AintnTSTAIOS Dawn Brown Girl Sultan Albury Belle. Cumberoona sun HANDUHF T Other major Rebus Hoysted s Bonnie train n Coup d East Deo Omadhaun 1 IVAI FLUTTER Tai our rules All ury Hollo Coup d Ltat Laetitia Joy Dawn Hoysted a Donnie Wild Oats Deo Sultan Omadhaun QUEENSLAND TURF CLUB RACES [BY 11 TELGRAPH] (FROM OUR OWN coitrtLsroNm.i.T ) BRISBANE, 1 itiDAT The Queensland Turf Club's annual autumn race meeting opened to day Rain commenced to fall in the morning yet there was a good attendance on the course His Excellency the Governor Lady Musgrave, and suite arrived before the last race. The following are the results - MAIDEN PLATE. Ictroncl M . a. - « 1 First Water OHN orla Other starters - Sir Launcelot Sir Joshua, Quail done; A good start Quandong and Sir Joshua got away with the lead but soon gave place to First Mate as I Others At the home turn Potroncl came up and, passing the leaders won easily Time 2 -Os SELLING RACE. Acrobat 1 Kangaroo I eli] so a Other starters -I can lucia Stockman A bad start Acrobat being, two lengths away when the word was given At the home turn Acrobat got level, and clearing his Hold galloped home first with ridiculous ease Time 1min 601BCÜ HURDLE RACE, W nrron 1 Ivudco - , Other startors-Uubort Inglesides Olav grey, No person Hubert showed in front from the first but ran around the first hurdle where Olav of ley folland broke his fetlock single idea led past the stand the second 1 time and then swerved off Hubert low took the lead and came in first A protest was entered against Hu! crtior missing the first hurdle and it was allow c 1 Time Dm aids Clav crley was shot The horse was recently brought from a letter a by Mr W Walsh BRISBANE near Mr Lost s Legacy, by Epigram legend i yrs 8st -b. (Jones) 4 Mr M OUI s Preston (Paterson) I Mr M Donal his Hamlet (st 4 lb (Devon) 11 Other starters -letter, Adamai tea Wheatmeat ntzroy. Voloclpodo A bad start V oloclpc To 1 cing left at the post and the starter was hooted freely Peter and Adnmantca at or co took the lead 1 passing the stand Rioters led closely followed by Legacy Adamantea and Preston Legacy soon got into first place Itloturfell back Preston closed on the leader on the back stretch an 1 the pall ran together to the home turn Legacy entered the straight a sale winner Preston a length away. Hamlet the same distance behind, Rioters fourth Time 3 m Drs Hillas 1R0DLCL81AKJ.S Ormond 1 Galatea 2 Sovereign 3 Latona Glen and Cassan Ira also started 1 Ormond Jumps 1 oil with the lead and won with ridiculous case Time In 21s MAY HANDICAP Fairy Queen- 1 Bell Ringer A E V valorem I Ad V alorem took the lead but on the back stretch Fairy Queen came to the front and ran home an easy winner Time, 2in 20s COURSING. NORTH GIPPSLAND COURSING CLUB [BY1ELLGRAPH] (FROM our own CORRESPONDENT ) SALE, FRIDAY The following are the entries and draw for the North Gipps Land Coursing Club which takes place on Monday and 1 Tuesday Mr Murray will be quite the most is to be at Powerscourt - FULL CUl TINS BY ALL FOR Gil PS I AND BRED noa s Mr H Reynolds s Mc w d Lightfoot by 1 our No lady Constat co last Mr W Irwin's lb Maggie by ll(,er-Illrt Mr J Creaton s I li Maud by Tiger W y n Ihom acstMr D Lambs w I b Heatherbell by Walsh over-Nellie Mr li Harrisons r tt Oscar by Bo Happily, also Mr T B Little's bk b bl j by W hq-Temi ebt Passed Mr T Norton's 11 the 'Young larry by MinStrel -lain author I MUM by s I w d Ned Kelly by Brln the Madge V J S miss we lb Sweet Lilian (late blossoms V) by Walkover Sy ron west Mr J Murphy a f b Little Fairy II by Ho Hauled by Mr C Baylis al vi B isy Iv Well over-Needle agst Mr H Reynolds s bk w Black It ince by One of the Tn elvo-IllaekDess Mr ! Creaton lib Medic by Norfolk-Vie lea, agst Mr D Lambs t w b Dirt by Minstrel M ggie Mr J Ross's bd b Silky into by The liner Queen night Mr S Guthrie s b d Don 1 odds, by the (Jil ex-Queen Mr J Creaton a f w b Rose by Minstrel Lady, Astor D Gilders bd w d All borne by Minstrel Lahy BIRTHDAY STAKES Mr J Ross's r b Heel abide by Sun rise-Nellie agst Mr JAW iUoii s blew b fell by r by Tyrant-Last Wind Mr I Counihan s f w d Leo by Rainbow Moira agst Mr J M Grail, a 1 k w d Marcus Curtius by DloiiyshisOKano-My Choke. Vii J Crane a bd w 1) Milluna! 1 1 v Barfoot an area east Mr J Creaton a t b Wild Mint, by V. ounce Charlie Oh My Messrs Co millers and SS an s bk w b bottle by Tvnnhauscr-Younc, Lottie agst Mr J Craig's bd A Merry Lass by llarofoot-Miss Watson Mr F hortons fd Galway Boy by Young, Charley "Oh My a bye CLUNES DISTRICT! COURSING CLUB Mr 1 LINE [BY FULL GRAPH J (FROM OUR OWN I CORRESPONDENT ) CLUNE S, FRIDAY EvENING the second meeting of this club was concluded to day at Middle Creek Glenbower, the attendance including a large muster from the surrounding, districts number of between 200 and 300 The weather was all that could be desired hares were strong and numerous and the courses lengthy good trials here the order of the day The judging and slipping, were both excellent and gave great satisfaction every thing passing off to the approval of all concerned The clubs next stakes will be run in July, when the vice presidents will contribute a trophy, and for the August mci ting the president will also offer one for competition THE MIDDLE CRI IN SIAM s For 8 bitch puppies at £1 Is each Winner, £4 10s , second 4.2 10s III Mr Kennedy 8 Lady relief by Manxman-Majestic beat Mr J O Houses bls w Hecla by Horatio II Head Wind, and won the stake THE Uli INV STAKES III Mr G C. Symons show Swinger by Panto Boy - Spiteful ran a bye, this bit w He lit Boy, by 1 actor Boy -Spiteful (drawn) TROPHY VALUE of For the respective winners of the Middle Creek and Ballina Star ss Mr G O Symons s lo vi ii Swinger, by Factor Boy -bolted) boat Mr Kennedy a Lady Ethel, by Manx man Majestic and won CAMIDHITOWH STAKES for 16 all ages, at £1 Is each W Inner, £5, second, £2 10s, third, £1 Ds li Hyacinth best Miller I Progress beat Pansy Postboy a by o IV Mr I 0 House s work d Hyacinth, by Horatio n -Ball Malmac, beat'Mr J Parkinson blew d Progress by I Hotel limbo, and won the stake MATCH FOR BUDLU MONEY VALUE £5 Mr J Weatherston a bk w d Starlight by Trickett -I ly, beat Mr J Mansfield s w bk b Mona Maris, by Escapee II, and won COBURG AND EAST BOURKE COURSING CLUB MAY % Patron, Sir W H Clarke, Bart, M.L.C., treasurer, Mr F W Rolland, judge, Mr WH Doherty, slipper, J, Ahearn, secretary, Mr. E A Nunn By the kind permission of Sir W J Clarke this meeting will take place over the Bald hill estate, at Donnybrook, on Monday next. The first brace of dogs to be in slips at half-past Ojj'cloclc sharp. The following is the THE HERALD IHM, STAKE. For eight puppies, at £2 2s. each. Winner, £10 . second, £4. n 'We ?? Canberra 's w s Lady Chesterfield, by Chosterilol«-Kow Rose, agBt Mr. D Buddha I di Maud, by Bashful Jerry Lucy. army An Iîod,""'a to' r w d Brunswick Brick, by Weste Coln Barmaid, agst Mr T Downer's bo b Atalanta rate Bran), pedigree unknown Mr. 'J, S. Aitken a bit iv d Country Boy, by Sidney -Ladybird, agst Mr A Redfern a w bd li sissy sly by Waste Coln Barmaid ' '' Mr D Smith H dk bd It Bashful Toots, by Bashful Jerry -Lucy, agotMr. 1 Downlos be d Zulu, neal' groo unknown ' r THE MELBOURNE HOUNDS The Melbourne Hounds will meet on Saturday, the 31st Inst (being the opening day of the season), at Werribee park A special train will leave Spencer street atRDO sharp, to enable members to attend the Wyndham Races after the hunt MELBOURNE GUN CLUB There not being the requisite number of members presented shoot for Mr Morgans trophy yesterday. the competition for some weeks place oiiTucsdar next, at 2 p m s ' 1001TULL. THE NORWOOD TEAM. The members of the Norwood (South Aus- tralind team of footballers visited the Mint yesterday morning, and at noon, by the as. yet men of the mayor (Mr Smith), attended an organ recital at the Town hall The city organist played the "Zampa " overture, selections from " Martha," and the " 1 Funeral March of a Marionette, and the company was very pleased with the performance The mayor afterwards entertained them in his hands, and the toasts of '"The Visitors" and "The Mayor were duly honoured The Norwood representatives continue in active training, and the Carlton first twenty, which is to meet them this afternoon, may prepare for a severe struggle The team to oppose the blues will be chosen from the following -E Waldron (captain), 1. Letchford vice captain), J Brcphy, F Burton, G Bragg, C Chandler, 1 Chapman, T Everett, by Hamilton, II Hamiltons Jervis, T Liston, J McKee, J Magrath, P. P Roachock, A. J. Roberts, W Randall, A T. Rowe, J P. Schober, A, J Woods, li. Wilson, and H. Whitehead Tho whole of the net proceeds of the match are to be presented to the Melbourne charities Mr M Minchin (South Melbourne) will act as central umpire 'The Carlton team will consist of Aitken, Baker (captain), Bailey, Bloomfield, Cook, Craw- ford, Donovan, J Fitzgerald, Plcmmg, Hyland, Hanneysee, J. Joyce, Johnson, Maloney, Martin, Moms, O'Bern Rickards, Smith (vice captain), Woods Emergencies - T. Joyce, Melville A match was played yesterday between the Christian Brothers' College and St Kilda Scotch College., which resulted in an easy victory for the former, who won by two goals and nine behinds to seven behinds Both goals were kicked by R Healy Those who played well for the Brothers were Healy (two), Keogh (two), I Fitzgerald, Davenport, Kelly, and Smith, whilst M Kay, Murphy (two), Niel, and M'Barr for the losers tried hard to have dulcet A match hotw con the St. Kilda Grammar School and Queen s College was played yesterday on the St. Kilda reserve of and resulted in a draw in favour of the Grammar School by one goal and 11 behinds to one goal and six behinds Those who played well for the Grammar School were Agg, H Barnes, Corstahs. Lavater, O'Donnell (two), Specht and birth, and those for the Queen s were Mr Watson, Baird, Green, and Christy A match was played by yesterday on the Prince's oval between the first twenties of Kings College and the All Saints' Grammar School During the first half the game was very even only one behind being scored, and that by Kings In the second half, however, the college team played well, and obtained three goals, kicked by Burke, Lllorkcr, and M Michael, and seven behinds the final result was-Kings College three goals, eight behinds , All Saints, nil Those who did most work for the winners were Snowball, Burke, Carter, Edwards and Twentyman, while Smith and Brown played splendidly for the losers Hotham and Geelong play to day on the East Mel bournotrroilnd The following will represent Hotham -Alessio, Butt, Hume, Dam bro, Clark, Houston, Henry, Hayden, Jones, Johnstone (two), Lev, O'Brien Perkins, Rae, Robertson, Shaw, Tankard, Todd (two) emergencies, Anderson, Williams and Adams The Geelong team will consist of Armstrong., Bolton, Brownlow, Caldwell Collins, Day to, Foote Hickinbotham, Julien, Kerley, M'Lcan, M Shain., Morrison, Manson, Palmer, Pike, Itcuves, Steedman, Talbot, and Thomson for the trial match to be played to-day on the teams have been selected - Blue- Keefe goal) Scott, and M'Laren (backs). Law and Robert (nan backs), Wale and Excell (right forward), Sorby (captain) and Liddell (left low and), A A Howard and M Donald (contras) Red- Carmichael (coal), A Scott and Tunnicliffe (backs), M Husband and Nicholson (half backs), Almond (captain) and May as (riches forwards). Spence and Ellison (lett forwards), li Scott and Laird (centres) Umpires Messrs Jackson and A Howard Referee-Mr Gibbs, secretary of the association Kick off at t prompt The following football arrangements have also been made for to day -Lost Melbourne v Northcote, on Melbourne ground, East Melbourne (second) v Kew College, at Kew, Brunswick v Britannia at Di ins w lek , Union Jack v Geelong (second), on South Mr 1 bourne ground, Abbotsford v Normanby, at North Fitzroy , Middle park v Carlton United, in Royal park Hawksburn v Grosvenor, at Albert { all., caulfield v Toorak on Coast ground, rislirnwlcl., Union v Southern Cross, at Law knee park ; St. Kilda 2 2 South St. Kilda, on St Kilda ground, Isortlaoto (second) v St Kilda Royal, at Northcote, South St. Kilda v St. Kilda Alma, in St Kilda par!., Star of Carlton v North Geelong, on Prince s Oval YACHTING. The third race of the Trident Amateur Yacht Club for the trophy presented by Dr Beaney (for senior members) will take place this aft moon Albert park Lake, at 3 o'clock The following are the yachts entered, with their respective stations -No i Mr Mort having done so 2- Mr Stablncks Cygnet too Messrs. Bingo and Cooke's A and I INO EVER lumpers Hebe A yacht race between the Connewarre Clubs Secret and the Albert park Clubs cutter Irene is to take place in the Albert park Lake to day, commencing, at half-past 12 Mr G Duke will act as starter, Mr D I debted as judge, and Mr H R Murray as referee A ROWING. { the Albert park Row ing Club hold competitions this afternoon for committee cups, first heat to start at 3 sharp The following are the heats - First Heat W Coogan (stroke), J Lawson T Farmer J Calnan, v W Davies (stroke) A Chamley, It Moodie, C Hallam Second Heat-H Bradley (stroke), li Steele, G Carrick, A Rice, v G I everett (strol e), C Johnson, H Hallam, A M'Leod Third Heat-C Gowdie (stroke), L' A Abbott, W M'lSiiU, A lollies, v winners first heat Starter, P Bradley , umpire, W Gowdie judge, G. Smith In connexion with the Penrith Regatta, it may be mentioned that Robert Edwards the Victorian sculler, had his chance in the All Comers Sculling Match destroyed through being fouled by 1 taree early in the race, and when he was rapidly closing up the gap between himself and the limit men in the handicap BOWLING. A Welsh main will be played on the Richmond green to day, commencing at 10 o'clock Members of other greens invited A match for the Air C Alexander's winter prize will be played on the Fitzroy green this afternoon, commencing sharp at half-past 2 A. Welshman (handicap) will be played on the Victoria green this afternoon for the ladies I ride Lulrauco feu, Us 11 points up, four bowls each 1 lay to commtiiLO at 2 o'clock sharp LACROSSE East Melbourne meet at the corner of Clarendon and Albert streets at half-past 2 for practice match All players Invited LAWN TENNIS The first of the annual matches between Ormond and Trinity will take place this afternoon on the Ormond court, play to comment of at halfpast 1 p m Trinity will be represented by Messrs. Brind, Stau ill, Wood and Currie BICYCLING. The members of the Carlton Bicycle Club meet at the orderly room, Grattan street, at 8 p.m. this after derricks Club will meet at the usual time and place this afternoon, for a run to Keilor Lamps required the Victoria Club will run to Keilor this afternoon, leaving the Trades hall at 3 o'clock sharp. The I conside Cycling Club meet this afternoon at Burke and Wills monument, at half-past 2 sharp, for a run to Dandenong HANDBALL At Lennon's Carlton court, this day, several first class matches will be played The first is a challenge match between Canterbury cardigan for a trophy It is expected to cause much interest, memory ball has to be taken under the leg, which requires that it skill The other players who will take part in matches are Shiels, Ryan, Ireland, Lord, Thompson, Irish, Lennon, Browning, and Turnbull HURLING The Emerald-hill Hurling Club will meet for practice on their ground at Albert park, at 3 o clock sharp , all members requested to attend THE Franklin Institute of the State of Pennsylvania have resolved to open in Philadelphia an International Exhibition of Electricity on the 2nd of September next. 