THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND ASSEMBLY. —Abridged from the Herald. The Assembly of the Church of England in Victoria opened its annual session at the Dio cesan. Regiatry on Monday, afternoon. There was a largo attendance of both the clergy and the laity, and.the spac's set apart fof visitors was filled with ladies. After a brief service, usual to such occasions, \- The Bishop of Melbourne delivered,his open ing-.address. Befe'rring to a report which hadi been placed in his'hands, the bishop said it’ enabled them to get the numbers and funds; at three important- periods of the history : of the church in the colony, viz., when' the diocese was;separated into'--two, after the; separation, _and. the -end of the year,-1883.; This return showed that, at the end of the: year, 1883, there was church accommodation for 69,887 members, being an increased, accommodation during _ nine years for • 21,000-'people,- while' - new ‘churches this year would afford accommodation for, over 70,000 persons. At . the ■ present time there was more accommodation in the diocese of Mel bourne alone .than , at, the time of the separation - there was .jn the two dioceses. The funds had kept equal pace with the clerical accommodation. Before the separation the total funds amounted to £66,700; after the separation in-the diocese of Melbourne alone it was £53,000, and at the end of the year the funds of the diocese of Melbourne alone was £83,000. That was to say a sum exceeding by £17,000, what the total was before division. This was most gratifying, : and the'members- of the church.should be .thankful to God for it.; •Blit still the church had not'done’all it could and should have done to supply the heeds of the p'eople in the country districts. Dr Moarhouse next directed the attention of the Assembly to the work of the Sunday-school: .Association which bad been established in con-, 'neotion with-the church, It' ; was the organ of the church for sustaining' an important branch .of its work, .and it had. done good;and. stimu-: latihg'work, but it wanted the means to become : more useful. The association required at. the' present time at least £5OO- per year". He would suggest that in- large towns and! parishes the clergy should make arrangements from' time to time for the gathering into the church children of the various Sabbath schools : on certain Sunday afternoons, by which means they would always have them under their influence. He rejoiced -to know that the importance of the rite of confirmation was being more- generally recognised, and he thought Sunday school teachers should seek' to prepare their scholars on ' that, important crisis. That would induce the more gifted.of, the young to give their time to Sunday school teaching. The question of education had changed somewhat since last! meeting. Professor Seeley, though not an orthodox professor yet assorted that religion was the great state building principle, and if religion in State schools were suppressed all efforts to train character and conduct would be useless. The name of our Divine Master was left out of the school books, though the ghost of Theism had been left. The 12th clause of. the Education Act was intended to make the, ex clusion of religion an. absolute ' exclusion. It was a frightfully desolating piece of legislation. How could ministers resist Atheistic appeals, with all that struck cub of' State teaching. We; had now a new book of secular morality,' and the teacher was directed to illustrate the; lessons from the , holy scriptures. A Boman- Catholic member of the .House had; asked the actual exclusion -of the holy .-scriptures and the .reason, he .was. enabled, to ask this was because : this community had passed the act. Ministers of Education differed in their opinions as to the administration, and it was now Go vernment by Ministerial practice, and only a change in the law could remedy the evil. Wo should either insist. on religious instruction' in State schools or abandon it altogether, and let it .be remembered that voluntary reli gious teaching after school hours was not sufficient to meet- tbe want, and could not really overtake the necessity. In the country- districts it was impossible’to get a' sufficient' staff of lay religious teachers. Under the leadership of Mr Saint a great and noble work bad been done, but .the result fell far short, of requirements. . To- : wards the close of his Lordship’s speech he re- the Salvation Army, and commended the organisation -for its enthusiasm,' hut con-, detuned its doctrine as expressed in its manual., 