BISHOP hi \\\10\ l\ (JAWUll. LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE OF IMPROVEMENT TO ST. GEORGE'S CHURCH. la our issue ot uctober 31, we gave a description of the improvements that were to be effected at the St. George's Church, namely, a north and south transept and chancel. Plans for these were drawn by Mr B. Garlick Howell, Architect of Ade aide and being approved by the building Com mittee, a tender for the building was ac cepted. The works having made sufficient progress the foundation stone was laid in the north west corner of the north transept by Mrs Kennion, on Thursday, December 4th, at 4 o'clock p.m. The day being beautifully fine, although somewhat warm, a large ciowd of ladies aad gentlemen assembled in the Church Reserve at the hour named. There were representa tives of all denominations present, and among the ladies we noticed Mesdames Coombs, Warren, Rudall, Harris, Fotherine ham (2), Burkitt, Wilcox, Butler, and Holwell, and Misses Go ugh, Warrens (2), Rudalls and a host of others. Among the gentlemen were Messrs Jas. Martin, (the Mayor) Mr L. S. Burton, \V. R. .Lewis, T. C. Fowler and several clergy me a. The services were commenced by a pro cession which started from the Church porch headed by the building committee and louowea oy tne arcnuecc ana ruiider, tne trustees, sidesmen, wardens, choir singing ' Onward Christian Soldiers,' the clergy, the incumbent, Canon Coombs, aud followed by the Bishop and his Chaplain. The choir continuing their singing arranged themselves in a half-circle around the stone while Bishop Kennioa and his Chaplain Rev. Rostorne, Dean Russell, Archdeacon Marryat, Canon Ccombs, and Rev. Campbell took their places within. Two bottles, one containing the liunyip, Standard, Register and Advertiser newspapers and the other, the botttle containing the document that had been obtained from under the old stone were then placed in the cavity. In the first bottle was a document of which the following is a copy : — In the faith of Jesus Christ and iu the Naiie of the Eternal Trinity, Father, Son and Holy Ghost, this Foundation Stone (the original from 1847) of Transept and Chancel, St. George's, Gawler (on the site of the old church), was laid by Henrietta Duncan Kknnion, wife of George Wyndham, by Divine permis sion, 2nd Bishop of Adelaids, on Thurs day, December 4th, 18S4, in the 48th year of the reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria. A. G. Rawstorne, M.A., Bishop's Chaplain, Governor of South Australia— Sir W. C. F. Robinson, K.C.SJ.G, Dean of Adelaide, Vicar- General — Very Rev A. Russell, B.D. Archdeacon of Adelaide — Veo. C. Marryat, M.A. Incumbent St George's — W. H. Coombs, Canon of Adelaide and Rural Dean Wardens— F. H. Lewis atd \V. H. Gome Sidesmen — W. Barrett, C. Miles, A. Lawes, C. Sutnsion, H, Taylor, Thomas White Synodsmen— W. R. Lewis, S. B. Rudall Choir Master — E. Wright Trustees— H. E. Bright, J.P., L. S. Burton, (Mayor ofJGawler), R. St. Mark Dawes, M.D., \V. R. Lewis (Sjnodsnien), James Martin, J.P. Architect— R. G. Holwell ; Builder, F. E. Payne Building Committee — The trustees (John Rudall. S.M., George Warren, J.P.), the wardens (J. Hill, H. TwiVg), the treasurers (W. R. Lewis, S. B. Radall), lion. sec. (T. C. Fowler), chairman (the Incumbent) ''This is none other but the house o God, and this is the gate of heaven.' 'Glory to God in the highest and on ? earth peace, goodwill toward men.' I ' Hitherto hath the Lord helped us.' | Mrs. Kennion then came forward, and a silver trowel manufactured partly of Silver ton silver by Mr R. Snellgrove of Gawler, having been handed to her she proceeded to spread the mortar. This having heen done and a plate of iron laid over the cavity the stone was s'owly lowered. It was then tried by Mrs Kennion, who declared the stone laid in the name of God the Father. God the Son, and God the Ho'y Ghost. A hymn having been sung and prayer offered. Canon Coombs thanked Mrs Kennion for her presence on that occasion. He s iid the ceremonies called up many memories. There were some present who were there in 1S47 when Governor Robe laid the first founda tion stone, aud to whom the ceremony had an historic interest. That church was at the time the first North jf Adelaide and he might almost say the first place ef Worship. It had served its day and' was now sinking to ruins. Many thousands had gone for! h who had been baptize.!, or had been trained in the Sunday School or Church, lie hoped to the youth gathered rouud that would prove a day of interesting memories when in times to come they ca'le.l to min 1 the ceremony they had witnessed. Dean Russell said it gave him gladnes? of heart that he had to congratulate them o'» the grand work commenced so lone a^o. He remembered the Easter Sunday' when he had to travel far to preach the opening services. He could not but call* to mind those who were g ne, Bishop Short, Dean Farrell and others whom they would remem ber, and who would have sympathised with then? in their undertaking. They were surrounded by many that did not worship with them, but that was a bad and mongrel kind of worship that despised them. *Let them adhere to their ovri doctrines and exhibit charity to a'l who differ from them He trusted that the work wou'd be carried out ia a right spirit to its conclusion. Bishop Kennion thought under such a warm sky they would not desire him to say much. They were gathered to seek the blessing of God on the work for the furtherance of his glory, It was a religious service and it was right to invoke God's blessing. He hoped all would remember the sacred character of the work, and that was to help to build up a house for Go i'a people. Every one coming as he did at a later stage of development, could not but con trast the present times with the earlier days. The contrast was great. It was an illustration of the growth of the Church throughout the world, indeed of anything— the growth of a colony that they wouldscarcely recognise had began in eo small a way. The growth of the Church of God, while it spoke of many changes, still the Church remained the same. The building which now looked so different was only an outgrowth, the Church remained the same. There must be progression. They did not wish to etand still in political matters any more than in political life. They could not expect the 19th century to put on the garb of the 4th, but they must remember that to make progress did not mean to depart from the old track. There must be still the bond of faith. Love and hope were closely knit together, and if they were to exhibit these to one another they could do it best by being men of faith, He trusted that faith would not change in its character. He prayed God that their principles might grow and increase, and that they might be living stones growing up steadily tier by tier, story above story, of which the Supreme would be th° headmost place— the Church of the people based on His own dear Son. After Archdeacon Marryat had said a few words, the offerings of the people were laid on the stone, and the Bishop having pro nounced the Benediction the people dis persed . In another column we give a description of the tower when the proposed works in connection with it are completed. At seven o'clock Bishop Kennion held a confirmation service in St. George's Church. The building was crowded with a congrega tion who witnessed the interesting rite. Twc've young people came forward. The Bishop delivered a practical address. 