A WITNESS FOR THE DEFENCE nr THE EE CHAPTERS. — CHAPTER I. It bed been raining etoadily all day. It was still raining as I stood at the cor ner of a great London throoghfareon that wretched November night The gutter babbled, the pavementgUstened, human- ity was obliterated by silk and alpaca ; bnt the night wind was cool and fresh to me, after a day spent in a hot police conrt, beavy with the steam of indigo- dyed constables, of damp criminals, and their frowsy friends and foes. I was later than ueaaL That was why I stood hesitating, and tnrning over and over the few shillings in my pocket, painfully gathered by a long day's labour as a young and straggling legal practitioner. I thought of my poor little sick wife, waiting for me so longingly in the dull lodgings miles away. I also considered the difficulty of earning two shillings, and the speed with which that sum dis appeared when invested in cabs. I thongbt of the slowness and uncertainty of the 'bos, crowded inBide and ont ; aevnvn S>i( fTlA AHMnna awmi. .Hi til A agaiu ui vuc auxiuua vrauuiuug «u« clock ; and my mind was made np. X called a hansom from the rank just opposite me, and jnmped in, after giv ing my directions to so mnch of the driver as I could make out between his hat and his collar. I felt tired, hnngry, and depressed, so that I was glad to drop off to sleep, and forget weariness and worry for a little while ; and I remained unconscious of bad pavement and rattling rain, blurred glass and misty lights, nntil the stoppage of the cab roused me. Thinking that I had arrived at my journey's end, and wondering why the glass was not raised, I smote lustily on the roof with my um brella. Bnt the voice of the driver came down through the trap with a confiden tial wheeze ; and at the same time I saw that there was a great crowd ahead, and heard that there were shouts and coDfnsion, and that my cab was one of a mass of vehicles all wedged together by some impassable obstacle. ' Fliceman says, sir,' exclaimed cabby, ' as there's bin a gas main exploded aud blowed np the street, and nothin' can't get thiB way. There's bin a many pussons hinjnred, sir. I'll have to go round the back streetB.' 'All right,' I replied. 'Go ahead, then.' Down slammed the trap; the cab was turned and- manoeuvred ont of the press ; and I soon fonnd myself traver sing a maze of those unknown byways, lined with frowsy lodging- houses and dead walls of factories and warehouses, which hem in onr main thoroughfares. I was broad awake now, excited by the news of tbe accident, speculating on itB causes, and thinking of the scenes of agony and sorrow to which it bad given rise, and of my own fortunate escape. The haDsom I was in was an unusually well-appointed one for those days. It was clean and well cushioned ; it had a mat on the floor instead of mouldy straw. Against one side was a metal match-holder, with a roughened surface ; bearing as the occasional street lamp showed me, the words ' Please strike a light _ Do not injure the cab.' On >«AOVA vuguuw was Si OUWU UlUlVi| placed so as to face the driver ; so that I could Bee reflected therein, through the windows, those parts of the street which the cab had just passed. We careered up one dreary lane and dowa another, until, baring just turned to the leftinto a rather wide thorough fare, we were once more brought up. This time it was a heavy dray discharg ing goods at the back entrance of a ware house. It was drawn np carelessly, occuppying, in fact, more room than it should in that ill-lighted place. We were almost into it before we could pall up. To avoid - accident, the cabman threw hie horse half across the road ; and in this position proceeded gently bnt firmly to expostulate with the dray man after the manner of cabmen on ench occasions. The early fellow would take no notice, and made no attempts for some minutes to give us room. I was too listless to intefere, and lay back in the cab, leaving the driver to get over tbe difficulty as hemight. In the rightiand glass owing to onr slanting position across the road, I could see reflected, a few yards oflj the corner of the street ont of which- we had just tinned, with the lamp which stood then, and above the lamp the name of the street, which, though reveraewise on the mirror, . I made ont to bo ' Hauraki Street' The queer name attracted me ; and X was wondering what . colonial ex periences conld have led the bnilder to, select it, when X eaw the reflected 'figure of a man come into the light of the lamp riong the road in which we stood. He was young, bnt dishevelled and dirty, and eridently wBt ihroqgh. ' His clothes bad as their condition was -looked some how as if their wearer bad been, or ought nowtofre,in abetterconditionof r - body than his prasent/ ione. He stared desolately aboathimJorawhile, -as if t sre whether theceixmid -bB -any other creature bo mistfo&fecfe; to/be'-- lounging Purposelessly «bont? mthbntan nm- bwlls, in such jflaoeonucha nigfit A neighbouring clock struck eight, and be seemed to turn bis head and listen till the clangour ceased. Then he in spected the sleeves of his coat, as people always do when undnly damp, and drew one of them across his forehead, taking off his hat for - the purpose, as though hot from exercise. Then he carefully produced from inside the sodden and melancholy hat a folded piece of paper and a clay pipe. He filled the pipe from the paper, restored the latter to tbe hat, and put the hat on his head. Then he looked helplessly at the pipe. X guessed that the poor wretch had neither a match nor a penny to buy one. A thought Beemed to strike him. He looked np suddenly at the lamp and I saw his face for the first time. I am an observer of faces. ThiB one was peculiarly short and broad, with a projecting sharp- pointed chin, a long slit of a mouth, turned down at the corners ; as , it was now half open in perplexity, it disclosed a conspicuous blank, caused by the loss of oue or more front teeth. Tbe eyes were email and dark, and half-shnt with a curions prying air. This was all X noticed; for now the man- began awkwardly and laboriously to ' swarm' the lamp-post ; evidently with the view of getting a light for his pipe. Having got abont half-way to the top, he incautiously stopped to rest and instantly elid to the bottom. Patiently he began all over again ; and 1 now saw that if he was not altogether tipsy he was something very like it. This time his efforts were so ill-judged that he caved in the melan choly hatagainst the cross-bar of tbe lamp ; and the last I saw of him as my picture vanished at the whisking round of the hansom, he was blindly waring his pipe at the lamp-glass, his head buried in the wreck of hishat, as he vainly endeavoured to introduce the pipe through the open ing underneath, and beginning once more to slide impotently down the ehaft I got home withont farther adventure in time not to .be missed by my little in valid ; but for several days the queer street-name abode with me, as the merest trifles to ill haunt an over-anxious mind, such as mine then was. I repeated it to mywlf hundreds of times ; I made it into a sort of idiotic refrain or chorus, with which X kept time to my own footsteps on my daily tramps. ' I tried' to make rhymes to it, with Indifferent success; and altogether it was some weeks before the tiresome phantom finally departed. Also, I often wondered whether the Sal. aX. L.fl urouuuffu yuuug man wivii wie crusuea hat had managed to get a light after all. Twelve years had gone, and with them my troubles — such troubles at least as had been with me at the time of the beginning of this story. X was now a prosperous solicitor, with a large and varied, practice, and with a comfortable home on the northern heights of Iiondon, wherein to cherish the dear wife, no longer sick; who had been my loving companion through the years of scarcity. The firm's practice was a varied one ; but personally I devoted myself to that branch of it in which I had begua my professional life — the criminal law. Xo this I had fairly won myself a name both as an advocate and a lawyer — often very different things — which tended to make me a richer man every, .day. And I am glad to be able to eay that X had added to this reputation another yet more valu able—that of being an honourable and honest man. Late one afternoon, as I sat in my office after a long day at the Central Criminal Conrt, making preparations for my home ward flight, a stranger was shown in to me. He eat down and began his etory, to which X at first listened with profess ional attention and indifference. But I soon became a trifle more interested ; for this, as it seemed, was a tale of long- deferred vengeance, falling after the lapse of years upon the right head ; each as we lawyers meet with more often in sen sational novels — of which we are par ticularly fond — than in the coarse of practice. Some dozen years ago, he said, there had lived in a remote -sub orb of London an elderly maiden lady, named Hiss Harden, the only daughter of a retired merchant skipper, who had got together a very tolerable sum of money for a man of his class. Dying, he had left it all to his only living relative and friend, his daughter ; and on the interest thereof she managed to live comfortably, and even to eaveqoite a third of her income. These moneys she — being, like many maiden ladies, of a suspicions nature — always declined to invest in any way, but kept them in an oaken cupboard in her sitting-room, which cupboard she was accustomed to glorify for its impreg nable nature, when the danger she ran by keeping so much money about the house was represented to her. Perhaps ehe was fortified in her obstinacy by the consideration that she was not entirely alone and unprotected, - though most people thongbt that such protection as she had was worse than none. It con sisted in the presence of an orphaned nephew, to whose mother, on her death bed, Miss Harden had solemnly promised that she would never forsake her child. She had been as good as her word, and better — or worse ; for she had treated the hoy with each foolish indulgence that ; he had grown "np. lis pretty a specimen of the black-gnard as conld be fonnd in the neighbourhood. After being "ex pelled from school, he had never attempt ed to improve himself of earn '. hie own" living in any -way, except by betting and lorittg), and by making free with certain cash of his first and only employer; which questionable attempt at providing ; for himself would certainly hava lead; to his being for some time provided for by his own country, " but for the tears and prayers of his aunt, andthe 'sacrifice of a round sum out of her hoardings. From that time he lived with her, and ehe cherished and endured him as only women can. Scolding him when he came home tipsy at night, putting him carefully to bed, and foigjving him the next morning, only to scold mid pat him to bed again tile next evening, so, with llttlfi difiprfiDOfl. VAtil: on flioip llvnu Ai« jean.' But at last this ,loring patience began, to Vear out, and as the aontgot wider and more Irritable, the nephew's littie ways caused louder and more fiegaeut disagreements. One morning, things came to a climax. She caught him actually faying to set fira theimprisoned secrets of the impregnable capboatd with violently abased-— the did tamy wasvsrv y wito tosne-he Anrned and trade hat. Shedid fttaand tiSere yrh ehe bad threatened often of late ; ordered him ont of the house, and what was more, saw him out. There was rather a scene at the street-door, and the lookera-on heard him eay, in answer to her vows that she wonld never see him again, 'When you do Bee me again, -you'll be sorry enough ;' or words to that effect. The last time he was known to be in the neighbourhood was about three o'clock that afternoon, in a public-house close by, which be used to bannt. He was then in a maudlin state, and was des canting to a mixed audience on bis wrongs and on the meanness of his relative. He further produced the knife with which he had attempted the cap- board, and was foolish" enough to -say that he wished he had tried it on the old woman herselfj and he would too, before the day was out.' All tbfe greatly amused his rough hearers, who supplied him well with liquor, and generally kept tbe game alive, until the landlord, becoming jealous of the reputation of his house, turned him out of doors. From that moment he disappeared ; bnt the same night a horrible murder was committed. The annt had Bent her one servant ont for half an hour. The girl left at a quarter to eight, and retorned at a quarter past, to find the poor old maid lying dead on the floor, while the oak cupboard was open and emntv. Screaming with horror, the girl called in help ; and one among the crowd that filled the honse before the police came picked up on the floor a knife, which he identified as the very one which the nephew, whom he knew well, had exhibited that afternoon at the public-house. He repeated this evidence at the subsequent inquest, and it was confirmed by many others who knew both the knife and its owner. A verdict of wilfol murder was retorned against the nephew whom we will call- John Harden, but who had disappeared com pletely and entirely. Inquiries, adver tisements, and the minute description of him which was posted, together with the offer of a heavy government reward for liiB apprehension, throughout the three kingdoms — ail were useless. In the course of time the affair died out, except as an occasional remembrance in the minds of those who had been most in timately connected with it. But on the afternoon of the very day on which the stranger waited upon me, John Harden had been recognised in the Strand by my informant. He wore a well-fitting suit of dark clothes, and was, IU MVV) tun vvuuuoutui noi v«AAV wa a retired millionaire, who had coma to England to spend the rest of his days there. On being addressed by his name, he at first appeared surprised, though in no way alarmed ; but almost immediately admitted that be had formerly gone by that name, though he had for-years borne another. His accuser Btraightway gave him into the custody of the nearest constable, charging him with the murder. Then indeed the unfortunate man showed the greatest horror, and disturbance of mind, protesting that he did not even know hie annt was dead ; that he had intended to go and see her as soon as he conld be relieved from attendance on his master ; that he had even written to her several times, bnt having received no reply, had concluded that she was deter mined to renounce him entirely. He was locked up at the station for the night, and waB to be brought before the magistrate in the moraing ; and my in formant's object in coming to me was to instruct me to prosecate, not being con tent to leave that dnty to tbe police. He was, it seemed, the very man who had, as already stated, picked up the knife with which tbe mnrder had been com mitted; and he expressed himself as being extremely anxious that justice should be done, and that the murderer should not escape. He stated that, though badly enough off twelve years ago, he had since succeeded in trade ; that he knew the poor old lady well, having done many an odd job abont the honse for her ; and that he was willing, for justice's sake, to pnt his hand as reasonably far Into his pocket as conld be expected. As he sat opposite to ms, his face burning with indignation, X could not help think ing that it wonld be well for the country and the lawyers if all citizens were as prompt as my new client to spend their means in exposing and punishing crime in winch they had no individual interest. I said something to this effect, and my remarks were received with a proper pride, tempered by modesty. ' He hoped he knowed his dooty as a man, and tried to do it' It so happened that I was obliged to leave town next day, to attend to certain matters connected witn an rotate or wnicn I was a trustee, in another part of the country. X told him this, adding that the magistrate would certainly send the case for trial, and that I should be back in town in time for the next Old Bailey sessions, and that I would be responsible that the case should receive proper atten tion in the meantime. He merely said that he left the matter in my hands, aud that if I said it would be all right, he was content and so departed, engaging to attend to have his evidence taken down next morning. I went to the office of a brother practitioner on whom X knew I could rely, handed him my -mitten in structions, requested him to take np the case and work it until my return, aud then did what every business man shonld be able to do — wiped the : subject alto gether out of my mind for the present. CHATTER XL. When I got bath to town, the sessions were only a week off ; so the firat thing I . did was to call on the solicitor in charge of my murder case, in order to learn from htm how it stood, and to take it off his hands. The magistrate, of coarse, had sent the. prisoner for trial. . When I came to read the depositions, the case against him' seemed perfectly simple, and as' conclusive as circumstan tial evidence could make it - The crime- had not occurred eo long ago bnt that, a diligent .search had unearthed several witnesses. The servant-girl, who had now become the wife of a dairyman to the immediate neighbourhood, was found, j She proved -..the bad fcondncfcpf young Harden, and the ill-will which gradually , grew up between' him and her former, mistress. ; She also spoke to his eject-! ment from the house on the day of the mnide and to Us threats at fheotreet-- door. She swore to the knife, .whidh had beenin the possession of thepolice eyer sdnce, as having belonged to the prfeonee. , There were btherwitaesaro,# the same "facfa ; hnd Hie landlord, client,Aiid roireral Otiiwov. flnnriahing jnf the Identical knife and the ominous words In the publio-hoase. To complete the chain, the man who in structed me proved the finding of the knife in the room where the mnrder was committed ; and two or three witnesses remembered being by bis side and seeing him Btoop down and pick it up. These, with the final facts of his sudden dis appearance and changes of name, ap peared both to me and to my friend to be capable of being spun into a rope quite stroDg enough to swing John Har den out of the world. 'But,' said my solicitor-friend, 'the queerest thing of all is that no oue is going to appear for the prisoner.' No one to appear for him 1' ' No one. Young Elkin holds a watch ing brief on behalf or the prisoner's master, and that is all. He said Harden . had been in Mr. Slocnm's — that's- bis master— service for over seven years, behaving extremely well all the time. He was invaluable to his old master, who is something of an invalid. He had turned religiona, and was disgusted at his former wicked life.' ' But I suppose he has money — or, at anyrate, if Slocnm is so fond of him, why doesn't he pay for the defence 1' 'Why, it seems that his notion of religion forbids Harden to avail himself of wordly arte. Slocnm is only too anxious to retain someone ; but Harden won't have it, and no one can persuade him. Says he is in the bands of a Higher Power, and it shall be. given him what he shall speak, and all the rest of it. He wanted to make a speech to the magistrate ; but Slocnm, by Elkin's advice, did manage to induce bim to hold his tongue for the present, and say he wonld reserve his defence. Of coarse : they hope he will come to his senses before the triaL Bnt I don't know how that trill be. X never bbw Buch an obstinate pig. Only gave in to his master abont not speaMng because the the poor man began to Whimper in court 1 The main part of my work had been done for me, and it only remained to bespeak copies of the depositions, see tbe witnesses, and make sore that they intended to say at the Old Bailey sub stantially the same things as they had said at the police conrt — a most neces sary precaution, the imagination being eo vivid in people of this class that they are very likely to amplify their tale if possible — and prepare the brief for the prosecuting counsel This done, I had bnt to let things take their coarse. betimes in my place at the Central Criminal Court, having various other cases in hand there. ' The prisoners, as is customary, were first put np and arraigned — that is, bad the substance of their several indictments read over to them — and were called on to plead ' guilty ' or ' not guilty.' These disposed of, the case for John Harden was called, and -I looked at him with some cariosity. No sooner had I done so .than I knew that his was a face npon which at some time or other I had looked before, and of which I had taken note. It is .a useful peculiarity of mine that 1 never forget a face to which I have once paid any atten tion, and I can generally reoollecb the place and circumstances under which I last saw it But here the latter part of my powers failed me. I knew the face well, but could not imagine wben and where I had beheld it I even knew that I had Been the man bare-headed, and that h<t was not then, as now, bald on tbe crown. The thing worried me not a little. In the meanwhile, John Harden was being pat ap to take his trial for the mnrder of Agatha Harden. ' I, m' lad, appear to prosecate in this case,' eaid my counsel, starting up and down again like the blade of a knife. ' Does nobodyappear for the prisoner !' asked the judge. ' I understand, m' lad, that the pri soner is not represented,' said counsel, appearing and disappearing as before. ' My lord,' said an agitated voice from the body of the court, ' I have need all possible efforts — ; — ' ' Si-lence !' proclaimed the usher. 'Who is that!' inquired the judge, looking over his spectacles. ' My lord, I am this foolish fellow's master ; and I am perfectly con vinced ' ' I cannot hear yon, sir. If the pri soner wishes to have coonsel' assigned to him for his defence, I will name a gen tleman, and will take care that the prisoner shall have dne opportunity for his instruction ; and if .yon desire to give evidence on his behalf, you can do eo. — Prisoner, is it your wish that counsel be assigned to you for your defence ?' Harden had been standing with his head slightly bent, and his clasped hands resting on the rail of the dock. He now looked up at the judge, and replied in a grave and imparoive voice : — ' My lord, Iwish no help bnt the help of God. I am in His hands, aud I am an innocent man. If He sees good to deliver me, He mil do so. Who am I, that I should ; interfere with his work Y ' You appear to me,' said the judge gently, 'to be under an unfortunate delusion. You say rightly that you are i in God's hand; but that shonld not- hinder, yon from using such instruments ! for yonr deliverance as He offers you. Once more X trill-ask, do you now desire to be represented by counsel !' ' I do not, my lord.' : So be it. — Now, Mr. Clinches' Rising once more, conned for the pro secution-proceeded to open his casa It was clear and strsltforward, put concisdy and tellingly, and embraced the facts which the reader already knows. He then colled hie witnesses; and as each after each left the box, it was easy to see from the faces of the jnty that things were likely to go hard with the prisoner. Always, in -answer to, the inquiry, '.Do you : wish - to put any questions to this , witness !' Harden replied : ' No, my lord. He has .-said the froth, for all X kaow. . So smoothly did the trial , ran its coarse, that only one incident called for remark TMb "was when my client eat into .the box ; and «o indecently eager did he appear "to be to proenre'tbe convic- tionjof tbe prisoner, dut he twice called -down upbn himaelf A severe rebhke from the judged ifor peraistently volunteering, herent tntunents to Harden's pre judice Ahid -lwhen counsel At length roidj'Thainind.is mycast'-and eat dpwn,bat.Jittle doabt remained as "to e priLB(in$fr fritA/SX;«tijl eat with injr -girie faswtwLtedbytlwketfacetnthe dock, Do you propose, prisoner, to call any witnesses V asked . the jndge. ' Only my master, my lord— Mr. Slocnm. He'll speak for me, and he'll eay, I know, that Fm not the man to frill any living thing.' ' Very welL — And now, before calling him, do yon desire to address the jury !' The interest of the case, which, except for that Interest which is inseparable from a trial for mnrder, had slightly flagged, revived now that a hnman being was virtually at grips with death. For what had just passed meant that there was no defence or attempt at a defence, that the jnry must convict, and that the man mnat die, without hope of mercy for so cowardly and nngratefnl a mnrder. There was not a sound in the court. It was late in the afternoon, and the winter sun was setting. Its rays lit up the crimson hangings, the robes of the jndge, the inteDt faces, all looking one way, the drooping head and white composed coun tenance of the prisoner — the man stand ing np there in fall health and strength, and whose life was going down with the snn- ' I have but a few words to say, my lord and gentlemen. I didn't do it. I was baa enough, and maybe cruel enough in those days, to do it ; but I didn't.- ' I was so drank and so mad, my lord and gentlemen, that I might have done it if it had happened earlier in the day, nn- fcnown almost to myself, and be standing here rightly enongb. Bat I knxno I couldn't have done it, and why ! Because I was mileB away at the time. My poor aunt, as I've heard from what has been eaid, mast have been killed between a quarter to and a quarter past eight in the evening. Well, at right o'clock I was at least five miles off. If I'd done it directly the girl went ont of the house — as she says, at a quarter to eight — it isn't ac cording to reason that I conld have broke open the cupboard, took the money, and got five miles off in'a quarter of an hoar,' He stopped, and drew the cuff of his coat across his forehead. Where had I seen him before ! Where and when had I seen him do that very -action! ' O gentlemen, I couldn't have done it 1 I couldn't, bad as I was ! I know, now, how bad thac mnat have been — the mercy of God has been npon me since those days — but bad as f was, I owed her too mnch, and knew it, to have hurt her in any way. Won't yon believe me ! I tell you I was miles away at the time — miles away. Who can tell ns you're say ing true ! you will ask. No one-I suppose. Not a soul was near me that I knew, to come here and speak the troth for me this day. Bnt I know the same God that saved Daniel can save me from a sorry end, if it is His will to do it— if not, His will be done ! Fm keeping yon too long, only saying the same over and over again. I'll just tell you how it was, and I've done, and you must do as duty bids yon.' Another pause. The silence' of death, or rather of a deathbed. The faces in the distance of the darkened conrt shim mered throngh the gloom, like those of spectres waiting to welcome shade. Then the gas-light burst forth, and all sprang into sudden distinctness, and there was a general half-stir as of relief 'Oh, isn't there one here that can speak for me ! Is there any one who re members the great gas-main explosion in —Street that year V There was again a Btir, and a more decided one. Clearly there were many in court who remembered it I did, for one. And remembering it, I seemed as one in a tunnel, who sees the glimmer from the distant openiog, bnt can distin guish no feature of the landscape beyond. ' I was there — that night It was the night of the day X was turned out of doors — the night of the murder. How I came to he there, so far from my annfs neigh bourhood, I don't know, bnt I fonnd myself working hard, helping to lift the stones and timber of the honse-fronts that were blown in, and getting tbe poor crashed people ont I worked a long time," till I was like to drop ; 'and a policeman dapped me on the back and gave me a word of praise and a drink of beer out of a can. I wonder where that policeman is now, and if he'd remember!' He did not respond, wherever he might be. .No one to help— no friendly plank to bridge over the yawning grave. What was it, this' that I was trying so hard to recall ! ' I wandered off after that into the by streets. I knew those parts welL .1 had had a comrade who used to live there, and many a tricked and foolish prank we'd played thereabouts. The beer I had just drunk on an empty stomach had mnddled me a sain a bit. hnt I was nnite sober enongh to know every atop of the way i went, and remember it now. I turned up Hoadly Street, and then to the left along Bfewitt Street ; and just when my annt must have been straggling with the wretch that took her life, who ever it was, I heard the clock strike eight. - 1 did, gentlemen, and I suppose I never thought of it since ; but now I remember it as clear as day. X was standing at the time at the corner of 'Hauraki Street' It all came back to me In a moment ! I heard the patter of the rain on, the cab- roof — I eaw the gleam of the infrequent lights on the wet flags— I listened to tbe objurgations of the cabman at the ob structing dray — I took note of the reflection in the mirror,- the queer etreet- name which would not rhyme so ss to make sense. . The strokes of the clock striking right were in my ears, I saw "the lamp at the corner, and -the man Underneath looking up at it— the man with tbe short: broad face, the sharp chin, the long thin month turned down at the corners, and the blank in the front teeth — the innocent man I was hounding to his death — the prisoner at the bar I -As X. sprang to my feet, down with a crash went my bag full of papers, my hat mid Umbrella, so that even the impassive judge gave a starts and the usher, waking np, once more proclaimed 'Si-fencef with shocked, and injured inflection. Heedless of the -majesty of the law,- 1 beckoned to mv counsel, and aa be leaned over to me in; surprise, I whispered in his ear. I never "saw the human face express 'mora entire ' astonishment. How ever, seeing. that X was qnmisfekably in earnest;, he merely " nodded- and rose to Ira "feet " - ; ; ' Yonrlordship will pardon me,' 'lie said, 'for interfering at this j&age; between the. ftnerdinamlnBtracted Jfe m a jrouigumWBlriiX feel sure will be raaltbnfefalng ho your lordship andihe jntyABft foJto Jjthmk I may fuytiiatlt la iheinoet surprising and unprecedented thing which ever oc curred in a conrt of justice. My lord the solicitor who instructs me to prosecute' tenders himself as a witness for the defence !' CONCLUSION. To eay that there was a 'sensation' wonld feebly describe what followed. Every one in court sprang to his feet. The prisoner looked as if he had seen a ghost There Was a perfect hubbub of voices, as bar and jury talked among themselves, and my brethren at the solicitors' table poured questions upon me — to none of which I replied. Silence being restored, the voice of the judge — gave ana aigmned, bnt with a perceptible tremor — descended like vocal oil on the troubled waves of sound. Who instructs yon, Mr. Clincher !' ' Mr. Bentiey, my lord.' The judge looked more astonished than ever. My name was familiar enough to him as a judge, and he had known it even better when, as a leading barrister, he had held many a brief from me. ' I am persuaded,' said he, ' that a gen tleman of Mr. Bentiy's repute and ex perience has good reason for what he does. But so extraordinary and nn- heard-of— — I will ask Mr. Bentiey himself if he really considers that duty requires him to offer himself as a witness, and when and why he came to that con clusion f 'My lord,'! replied, 'I am certain that, believing what I have had cause to believe within the last five minutes, I should.be greatly to blame if I did not testify on oath to certain facte which are within my own knowledge. But if the prisoner chooses to call me as a witness, your lordship will presently understand why it is that, with all submission, I cannot at this moment, or until I am in the box, give my reasons. And I must add that the value of my evidence to the prisoner will greatly depend on his answers to certain questions which I wish, with yonr lordship's sanction, to put to him in writing. And if he answers me as I expect, X believe my evidence will put an end to the case against him.' 'Really, gentleman of tbe jury,' said his lordship, ' this matter is assuming a more and more remarkable aspect. I hardly know what to say. That a pri soner on trial for hiB life should answer questions pnt to him in private by the prosecuting solicitor is the most extraor dinary proposal, I am bonnd to say, which ever came under my notice. It is the more difficult for me to decide be- mnRfl tha nriwinflr Linn tmfc thn fiilmntjum of counsel's assistance.— Prisoner, is it your wish that this gentleman shonld be called as a witness on your behalf! You have heard what he has arid about cer tain questions which he wishes to pat to you beforehand. Of course you are not bonnd to answer any snch questions, and may nevertheless call him. What do you aay V '1 am in God's bands, my lord,' answered the prisoner, who was quite calm again. 'It may be that He has raised up a deliverer for me — I cannot tell. But I know that if He wills that I should die, no man can eave me ; if He wills to save me, nought can do me harm. So I am ready to answer any questions the gentleman wishes.' 'X propose,' eaid the judge, 'before deciding this extraordinary point, to consult with the learned Recorder in the next court.' All rose as the judge retired ; and daring his absence I escaped the questions which assailed mefrom everyride by bnry- ing myself in a consultation with my counsel. When he heard what the reader knows, he folly npheld me in what I pro posed to do ; and then threw himself back in his seat with the air of a man whom nothing conld ever astonish again. ' Si-lence !' cried the usher. The judge was returning. 1 1 have decided,' said he, ' to allow the questions to be put as Mr. Bentiey proposes. Let them be written ont and submitted to me for my approval.' I Bat down and wrote my questions, and they were passed np to the judge. As he read them, he looked more sur prised than ever. But all he eaid, as he handed them down, was, 'Put the questions.' I walked up to the dock and gave them into the prisoner's hands, together with my pencil. He read them csrefdlly throngh, and wrote his answers slowly and with consideration. With the paper in my hand, X got into the witness-box and was sworn. My evidence was to the effect already etated. As I described the man I had seen under the lamp, with my face averted from the prisoner and turned to the jnry, T DUV fhof fhflD tirorA mnUnn mmFhI comparison, and that, allowing for the change wrought in twelve years, they fonnd that the description tallied closely with the man's appearance. 'I produce this paper, on which I just now wrote certain questions, to which the prisoner wrote the answers under my eyes. These are the questions and answers : " ' Question : Were you smoking when you came up to the corner of Hauraki Street I— Answer : No. ' Qaestion : Didyou afterwards smoke ? — Answer : I had no lights. ' Qaestion : Did you- try to get a light! — Answer: Yea, by climbing up a lamp at the corner; bnt I was not steady enough, and I remember I broke my bat against the crossbar. -'Question : Where did you cany your pipe and tobacco ! — Answer : In my hat. 'Those answers,' X concluded, 'are absolutely correct in every particular. The man whom I saw under the lamp, at eight o'clock on the night of the murder, behaved as the answers indicate. That concludes the evidence I have felt bonnd to tender.' And I handed the slip 'of paper to the usher for inspection by the juiy. ' Prisoner,' inquired the judge, 'do you call any other witness V ' I do. not my lord. ' Then, gentleman,' eaid the jndge, turning to the joiy, 'the one remark that X shall make to vou Ib this— that if yon/ believe the etory of the prisoner's witness, there can be little doubt but -that the' prisoner was the xnan -whom the witness : saw at, the corner of Ran raid Street at eight o'clock on the night in qaestion ;/ end if that was so, it is dear, on the 'oaee . of the .prosecution, that he cannot have, committed this murder. Xshoulduotbe doing my duty if 1 did not point, cut to you that the witness inqnrotion u likely, to' eiiy the least, to be without bias in the prisonerV favour; enil ttat _|ra evideiicS is vetytcongly corpoltorated Indeed by the prisoner's answers to the written 1 questions put to him. Gentlemen, you 1 will now consider yonr verdict.' I 'We are agreed, my lord,' said the foreman. ' Gentleman of the jury,' sung out the clerk of arraigns, 'are you all agreed upon/your verdict f 'We are. \- ' And that verdict is !' Not guilty.' ' And that is the verdict of you all !' It is,' There followed a burst of cheering which the "usher could not silence, but which silenced itself as the judge -was seen to be-speaking. ' John Harden — I am thankful, every man iu this conrt is thankful, that your trust in the mercy and power of the All-merciful mid All- power ful has not been in vain. You stand acquitted of a foul crime by the unhesi tating verdict of the jury, and most wonderful has been your deliverance. Yon go fourth a free man ; and I am glad to think that the goodness of God has been bestowed on one who has repented of his past- sins, and who is not likely, I hope and believe, to be unmind ful of that goodness hereafter. — You are discharged.' Had he been left to himself, I think the prisoner's, old master would have climbed info thedock, with the view of personally delivering his servant out of «us uuuw ul uuuuogc. jjuii alts woo re strained by a sympathetic constable, while John Harden was re-conveyed tor ashort time to the jail, to undergo cer tain necessary formalities connected with hiB release from custody. I volunteered to take charge of Mr. Slocum, and took him to the vestibule of the prison, over whelmed daring the short walk by thankB and praises. We were soon joined by Harden, whose meeting with his master brought a lump into the throat even of a tough criminal lawyer like myself I saw them into a cab, and they drove off to Mr. Slocnm's hotel, after promising to call on me next day, and enlighten me on certain points as to which I was still in the dark. As strange a part of my story as any, has yet to be told. I had hardly got to my office and Battled down to read - over the varioos letters which were awaiting my signature, when my late client (Harden's prosecutor) was an nounced. I had lost sight of him in the excitement which followed the acquittal. He did not writ to learn whether I was engaged or not, but rushed after the clerk into my room. He was ashen white, or rathergray, and his knees shook so that he could scarcely stand ; but his eyes positively blazed with wrath. Lean ing over my table, he proceeded in the presence of the astonished clerk, to poor upon me a flood of abuse and invective of the foulest kind. . I had sold him; I had sold him ; I was in leagne with the prisoner. I was a swindling thief of a lawyer, whom he would have struck off the rolls, <fcc ; until I really thought he had gone out of his mind. As soon as I could get in a word, I curtly explained that it was no part of a lawyers duty to try and hang a man whom he knew to be Innocent. As he only replied with abusive language I ordered bim out of the office. The office quieted itself once more — being far too busy, and also too well accustomed to eccentric people to bave time for long wonderment at any thing — and in au hour I had finished my work, aud waB preparing to leave for home, whenanother visiter was announced — Inspector Forrester. 'Well, Mr. Forrester, what's the matter now ! I'm just going off' Sony if I pnt you out of the way, sir ; but I thought you'd like to hear what's happened. The prosecutor in Harden's case has given himself up for the murder !' ' What !' I shouted. ' He just has, sir. Ifs a queer day, this is. When X heard yon get np . and give evidence for the man you were pro secuting, I thought cariosities was over tor ever ; but seems they ain't and never will be.' ' How was it ! ' ' Well, he came into the station quite qhiet, and seemed a bit cast down, bnt that was alL Said fate was against him, and had saved the man he thought to hang in bis stead, and he knew how it must end, and couldn't wait any longer. I cautioned him, of course — told him to Bleep on it before he said anything ; bnt make a statement he would. The short of it all is, that the idea of murdering the old lady for her money had come into his mind in a flash when he saw that poor drunken fool exhibiting his knife in the tavern. He followed him, and picked filn nmfroti nf +.Yia tnifA. and then Turner about the house, meaning to get in after dark. Then he saw the girl come out and go ofi, leaving the door closed bnt net latched, the careless hussy ! Then inslips the gentleman, and does what he'd made up his mind to — for you eee the old woman knew him well, so he couldn't afford to leave her alive — gets the cash and elips out. All the gold It was, two hundred and fifty pounds. When he heard that Harden couldn't be found, he got uneasy in his mind, and has been getting worse ever since, though he did well enongh in trade with the money." Seems he considered he wasn't aafe until some one -had been hanged. So, when he recognised Harden, he was naturally down on him at once, and was intensely eager to get him convicted — which I noticed myself eir, as of course you did, . and thought it qneer too, I don't doubt He took too mnch pains, you see — he must employ you to . make certain instead of leaving it to us; whereas if he hadn't come toyou, your evidence wonld never have been given, and X think you'll :say nothing could have saved the prisoner.' It was tone enongh. The wretched man had insured the failure of his own fiendish design by employing me, of all the solicitors to whom he might have gone! X learned next morning, how Harden after.ityfaufih vain to light his pipe on that memorable evening, had wandered fbr'hoora throngh the bard-harted streets, until at daybreak he had found himself in the docks looking at a large ship pre-, paring to drop down the "river with the -tide.- -How he managed to slip aboard unseen and stow himself away in the hold with some Idea of bettering his Jidt over- bright fortunes in foreign parte.- T£ow . he had supported his life in the hold with stray fragments of hiacait, which he happened-to have in hie pockets, nntil aiEferA day or two of weary beating about against baSlngwlnds, when they> wSre' ont in mid-channel, the astral search for Btowawaya /had unBarthed him. ' flsv, the captain, after giving him plenty of strong language and rope's end, had at length agreed to allow him to work as a sailor on board the vessel. How on landing at Sydney be had gone into the interior taken service with hie present maBter — under another name than his own, wishing to disconnect himself en tirely with hie former life — and by honestly doing his dnty had attained his presentposition. By the light of this narrative, that shich had puzzled me became perfectly clear — namely, how it was that he had contrived not only to get eo entirely lost in spite of the hue and cry after him. but also to remain in ignorance of bis aunt's fate. My client was tried, convicted, and exe cuted in due course ; his plea of guilty and voluntary snrreuder having no weight against the crnel and cowardly- attempt to pnt an innocent m an in his place. When I last saw John Harden, he was married to a serious lady, who had been Ira late master's housekeeper, and was possessor of a prosperous general ehop in a country village, stocked by means of the money which Mr. Slocnm had generously left him. 