-8ttt ffrisfoatte fetter. (feom oub owv coreespokdent.) We have managed to poll along over Christ ma* all right, and though the vests of some of oar citizens are more protuberant than nsual, nothing very uncommon appears to have occurred now that it is all past We had glorious Christmas weather and the evening of the great day was really cold ; bo cold in fact that people were unable to sit on their veran dahs, and at Toowoomba were glad to resort to fires. On Boxing Day people made merry to their hearts' content, and there were the usual excursion down the Bay, across to Hnmnv Rnncr and to Sandeate. Business people seem to have driven a rattling trade, and the Christmas of 1S83 will long be re membered as one of the liveliest, if not really the liveliest, Queensland's capital bas ever /een. Excursionists met with the usual num Jfaer of unpleasant experiences, and the pro ?^ruion tn»de by those undertaking public conveyance was wholly inadequate. Tue Railway Department, as usual, was thoroughly disorganised, and at Sandgate, and in fact all the way up to Brisbane, on the evening of Boxing Day, there were not only disgraceful scenes on the railway platforms, but in the trains as well. All's well, however, that ends wells, and none of those accidental causing loss of lite, which we so often have to record, have occurred. A meeting of the Cabinet Council was held on Wednesday last at which it is stated some important business in view of the approaching session of Parliament was transacted. Oae of the most interesting matters dealt with was the reduction of the hoars of the civil servants by an hour daily. Until the accession to power of the M 'II wraith party Government office hours were from 9 a. in. until 4 p.m. with an honr'B respite for luncheon. Sir Arthur Palmer, in the plenitude of his wisdom, thought the state did not get enough oat of its servants for the money paid them, and so made the knocking off hour & instead of 4 p.m. Ever since the civ^ servants have had rather an edge on tb& M'D wraith party, and Palmer in particular. It was fully understood when Mr. Douglas opposed Mr. Brookes forlwth Brisbane that. if Mr. Brooks was returned, and Mr. Griffith came into power, ft the hours of the jwil sen-ante would be altered fanfcto the ol£ con dition. Mr. Griffith does i%t appejr lot to keep bis promise fid it is understood tfaaV from the new /ea£ the Government office hours will be frwm $ a.m. oBtB 4 P-m. In making the redactiorija good deUof obliquely is incarred, and MJrae of tfc Premier's wannest supported kre rouaaiflc on him. Mr. Midgleyj the member for FasWern has has writtenjo the Ofxervcr protestrng^gainet the alteration in the .hours, and it is hfidto say whejK this split'' will end. It is qntbs* possible that the Government will be called to account over it. The Tramway Company has been success* fully 8 03 ted, and in a few weeks the directors expect to begin operations. The promoters of _ the company are to be congratulated on the energy they have shown in poshing matters on, and Brisbane certainly cannot be accused of having been particularly slow in taking up the scheme. The company may have a little trouble with the tVooUoongabba Divisional Board, who tbiok they (the Board) should be the constructing authority, but the Board will, I think, come off second best if they try to throw obstacles in the way of the com pany, and they have already incurred the illwill of the ratepayers for not helping the tramway scheme on as much as possible. The first etretcb of line made will be about four miles, and tbe tramcara are to be very fine and commodious vehicles. The motive power will be auDDlied by horses. Many people are going iu for serious con sideration as to whether it would be well to have the electric light throughout the city. [ While tbe talk is going on Mr. Bazacott, tbe . managing proprietor of the Brisbane News- I paper Company has Edison's representative with a Btaff of men employed in fixing ap the apparatos in the Courier, ^u^n.'ilctndtrr, aod I Obtcrrtr offices, and expects to have the light i going by the end of neit week. At the Railway Station the Brush Arc lamps are to be shortly placed in position, and will be very handy for uight work in tbe railway yard. The Parliamentary buildings and the Govern- ? ment Printioe Office, are also to have the electric light ou tbe Kdisou principle tbe same aa Mr. Buzacott is having fixed up in his Mr. J. R. Dicksou who has been absent from the colony fur eome fifteen months will return ou Sunday or Monday. He has been in Enclaod, and it is reasonable to suppose has liad a ' tower ' ou what 'Any is so (on.1 of terming 'the Coutinong.'r Mr. Dickson'e visit to the old country has not been one of pleasure altogether. He had some little domestic difficulty to adjust, and his many friends will be glad to hear that this has been &djasted; satisfactorily. Tbe Liberals have secured the Kate to go and meet their old companion in arms, aod those who are interested in politics will perhaps be glad to hear that Mr Dickson will take the position of Colonial Treasurer almost on his arrival back in Queensland. The position of Trea surer was assigned long ago by the koowing ones to Mr. Dicksoo, and the many tougued Toe late frara* at tbe Mackay races has added fresh fuel to the anti-Kanaka fire, and the prese demands a full inquiry as to the causes of the trouble, and suggests that a special Commissioner eboald be appointed to proceed to Mackay and take the necessary evidence to ascertain what was really at the bottom of the trouble. Eeports which have been recently made have placed the South Sea l*boor Trade in very atroog disfavour, and the Government will be compelled to deal with it firmly as soon as they can. It is bard to &ay; whether Mr. Griffith will take op the question firmly, and adopt eome honest and open mems to stop the trade altogether or whether he will merely throw obstacles in the way of it, so that recruiting will become im possible and the whole business die a natural death. Mr. Bomilly, Deputy Commissioner of tbe Western Pacific, is in Brisbane at pre sent, and has under his notice certain outrages I alleged to have been perpetrated by the officers and crew of the labour schooner Stanley. The outrages combine attempted murder, arson, and kidnapping, and tbe principal complainant ia a German, in the employ of Herneheim and Co., a Hamburg firm, who have Copra and Pearl Shelling Stations on some of the islands. It is alleged that at one place tbe master of the Stanley obtained labourers by threatening to blow up the island with dynamite if recruits were not supplied. Tbe old chief knew just sufficient of tbe quality of dynamite to pro perly appreciate its danger, aod the required men were forthcoming. It n feared that Mx. Griffith will shirk the Kanaka question so that he may not bave to introduce an alterna tive policy ; but strong pressure will be exer cised to force his hand when Parliament does meets. Mr. James Inglis, who was Commissioner for India at the late Melbourne Exhibition, is making a strong effort to bring about the establishment of a regular trade between the Australian Colonies and Tnfl'ft, and be is being supported by the Press and the Calcutta Exhibition Commission in New South Wales. Mr. Inglis and Mr. Bock (Secretary to the Government of India) have pointed out tbe immense trade in meat and dairy produce which might be done with India, the market that country affords for fruit, for copper, timber and hops. On the other hand, India could supply us with many things such as teas and spices, which we at present receive from China and Jacan. It is proposed to establish a regular uhe of steamers — one a month — to Bio from 9Fa]OTtt» to Adelaide, Melbourne, ftd Sydni. and Return via Bris bane and Tonka StraijC takinrfn tbe northern mattef to ths&ttention; of jfcr Chamber of Comtherce, tSBmembers ofjnich, as business mea, ehouMlte very g^- to signify their approval of th&chemjk;^^ \felessn. Bdjberford Brothers' little horse GlShcoelias managed to cut down a field of seventeen opponents, and win one of the principal races of the Australian Jockey Club's «anfmer meeting. It was expected that Gjfecoe would have gone for the principal Ace, tbe Summer Cop, bat his owner evi dently thought he was in better form for travelling one and a-half than two miles. There seems to be some hitch in tbe entry of Mr. James Williams' colt Wneatmeat in the Mares' Produce Stakes. It is said that Mr. Kellet, who was in charge of the Grange stnd, in sending the entry in described Wheatmeat as a chestnut colt. Whetstone, Wheatmeat's ?half- brother, but a year older. Some of our sporting authorities think the difficulty may be got over, but those who hacked tbe horse and are afraid of not getting a start for their money are mentioning Mr. Kellet*s name in connection with curses load and deep. the Government of India in connection with the immigration of plantation labourers from that country. Tbe Indian people acknowledge the receipt of draft regulations for controlling the immigration and employment of Coolies, as prepared by the late Government, and express their approval of tbe arrangements proposed. Mr. Griffith has replied, expressing great regret that the Government of India has been pot to so much trouble, and drops an alligator's tear to show his deep sympathy with them ; but he at the same time says very plainly that it is not the intention of his party to place any regulations proposals for im migration from British- India before Parlia ment, lilts ib the brst opportunity the Coolie man, and he has not been at all back ward in doing so ; bat he seems to forget that them lurks behind tbe ghost he bas just scorched the real difficulty of the labour question, which Parliament will insist on being settled. yesterday some eight hundred people were landed at the Dep.'»t. Tbe unhealthy state of this place led to a de pa tat ion waiting on the Minister for Works recently, and arranging for stowing the immigrants in the old gaol until the place regularly used can be cleansed and otherwise improved. Tbe old gaol forms a capital place for a limited number, but it is questionable whether it would not be better to put the young men out in tents, which would be quite as comfortable in this weather tion that Mr. Griffith has made arrangements with a Glasgow tirm of shipowners (Messrs. Anderson and Co. ) to bring a regular supply of bounty passengers out. This is one of tbe 6rst changes sought in the service by tbe new Premier, and let us hope it will bear good fruit. The bounty system does not improve At the Theatre Royal tbe pantomime holds sway, and attracts very large mudiences. It U a ratttiog good pantomime, the extravaganza well played, and tke scenery very fine. Brisbane, December 2S, J8S3. The Siraitx Times of the 10th November publishes tbe following from a Surakarta newspaper :— ' A rumour is current here that Mr. Rosemeyer, the controleur chatged by Go vernment to examine the Merapi volcano, has succeeded iu reaching the top of that mountain, the result of his observation being that be anticipates as outburst tberefroui before February next We hope thfs forecast may not be eonfirmed. Java has suffered so much already with every prospect of con* tinuance that truly we should be spared soch farther calamity.' 