life's seamy side. CITY COURT NOTES. Inspector Wobb mado a crediUblo do bnt as (Jiuit P/osecutor, Yet thoro was & common fanlt observablo in presenting formor convictions against Ann Brooks, who got a fortnight for insulting behavior. A lunrr Btrinor having boon road nut, the piUouor said, " Why, it ii six years sluoo I havo been hoto at all." " Oh, no, nothlrg of tho kind," was tho reply from the polioo. " Woil,"| sail Mr OslI, "juit look aud rqo the dato of her Inafc conviotion," It proved to bo in 1880, four yoara ago. Evcu a lifctlo occurrence (liko tbia shows the habit of tho polico always to present tho blnckest side of everything against a prisoner. The woman had been trviog to do right for four yoara at all ovento, bat not a word of thia io mentioned in raking up her old lht, James Hunt, who might bavo taken a high position aa a low oomedinn, if bo had not drank bio intelloole away, said: 'Your Worships, I c-oo a tbomund fnoca around me, looking at tho combat onai, Goorgo and the Dragon,'.' He wob procccditg to inetruottho Bsnohon ooooilo philosophy, angclio apponranoea, and the hur> monial theory, whon Mr OaU began to Bniff nucaoily. The Bench is severely pao- ticol. tSpirilualism hasn't tho ghost of a shew. If any of tho Harbinger mon como up hero, thoy aro romittod for examina tion by Dra Ford and Le Fovre, aa Jarnoi Hunt waa. Tha beuoh Interpoaad a sharp Amon in the midst of hia exordium, and oallod on the uoxt, Scrgoaut Mawhinuey introduced Mary Williama ua "Tho notorious Lnd Aiii-ap" What thi" uii-uuc ho did not explain, but it appears that somo Htornry goutlo man who was under tho painful nooeseity of dining oncot thrilled tho commu nity with a column account ot bow she had boon led froth the Illlios and langoura'of vlr tuc, to tho repturfa and roces of vice. ' Now alio knocks down four onustnblsa, ono aftor another, " Four of ua couldn't hold bar," was the evidtuco of a policeimn. Sha goes to cxolfora week, Ann Bytuo, n yourg woman, came np in n shocking condition, crazy with alcoholio poiauniug, uotidtg on her but nn old torn krewn frock, and a hatteied pair of boots, Tho polico h&d.io; hustlo her away, for medical osninination iu prison. A patty named Gawfrey wm a noat simplo of tLo Fitzioy G-trden's loafor, Aouording to the polico ovidsno?, he did hia washing ovary inornirg, or when convenient, in the gold fish fountain, hanging hia collar on tho arm of Onpid'fitfcMup. When children oarao timidly for a drink out of tho tin mng on a chain, they wore ftigldened away by coaiog him wash his snobs just whero thoy would liko to dip in, Nurfpgirl?, with perambulators, wero shocked by tho apparition of a shirt, which locked an if tho oows had oaton away tho halt of It, bnt by . what magical procoia it had boon with drawn from a body oc-uld not bo aaoortainod Gnwfrcy would duck his head in among tho goldfish, and say it was hioe. He will mo<ir lain how burgoo and hominy, at tbo late Mr Magco's hotel, ngrooa with him for tho noxt month. C James Strphona, ogod 15, got 7 days for stoaliug noroo cheap brncel&ta; and neoklaooa fromaftoll in thoEaitorn Market, This hoy astonished tha Beuoh by etating that ho had boon oornirg Ca a day helping to rivot boilora. at tho wborf. Ho aaid he had worked on the Pbnroh' boiler, and others, Mr Call oaid it waa moro sbamo for him to go and commit a paltry theft. John Goblo waa remanded for medio al inquiry, ou tbo inventor of an electrical appara tus whioh is intonded toravolutionieu tho worka u, iLumuij, urutiu, vxrumina uuu i! > r(Qu(, tio ia unfortunately a dirty- looking man, in very Bhabby clothes, and, although ho wanta to bting his marvfUoaa invoution before tbo Sydney Government, Mr Gall won't allow him to leovo tho Melbonrno watobhonse. 