THE RECOLLECTIONS OF A COUNTRY DOCTOR. Edited by Mrs. J. K SPENDER, A ullior of " Her own Fault," " Parted Liver," Gortwyn's Urdeal," "Gabrielie de Bourdaine," '• Mr. fiobody," dfcc., 6c. PART L THE OLD HOtTSE ON THE CLIFF. (Continued.) No one knew bow it oame into possession of the Deverishes, still less how it came to be built so high, or how the stone could have been worked at the very top of the cliff, and the foundation laid so strangely near the edge. To speculate about such things came as little into the heads of the simple Halstead people, as our unorthodox modern idea about Jandownership and Church articles. It was there, and that was enough; fitting strangely in with my theories, ana in accord not only with its somewhat savage inmates, but with the mysterious idea of endless succession of races, and of new geneses from the self-existent, suggested not only by the Btony strata in those battlements of rock but by the granite outposts surrounding the uncanny house, and the steep hill strewn with boulders on which it was perched. The - wind was raging fiercely across the faltaws, and tearing at the few black firtrees which stood like sentinels near the house, all towing their heads as it were in deference to it, as they submitted obediently to be curved and driven by that blast. Some .of the branches -sobbed a little as if they were younger than the rest, and inclined to rebel against «uch discipline, while the shingly ground was strewn with spikelets from the - blue-black vegetation. A few of the ' other twigs gave a sharp click aa they caught at and rubbed each other; *onr.e groaned and others creaked as if they were gasping oat their complaints; while Hie plaintive moan of the sea from beneath the cliff which shelved sheer down to the^ooasc, completed the chorus of melancholy music. A sort of fascination seemed to compel me to lean forward, and give a lan(se_at the black rocks beneath. Ugh! f low it made one shudder to look straight down from the precipitous heights of that ii on-bound coast, and to catch sight of that elimy orange-coloured eeaweed fringing those eliarp teeth far away en the beach! How the wav«a boomed against those tooth-like rooks, i place it must have been My blood-froze-with horror as I thought of the ghastly tales of smugglers which had been told of Hustead years "before, and how some of these tragedies were said to have taken place not far from that epot. Thank Heaven the Deverishes, if they had been Burly and stand-offish, _and-not always upright in their dealings, -bad at least, BO far as I knew, been tree from- suspicion of that sort, pasturing their-cattle peaceably on the moor. I waa roused by a sharp laugh, and shaking myself out of my momentary reverie, saw a stranee deformed .figure with which I was already familiar perched on the grass behind me, and pointing With increasing merriment at some object an the beach. Hi looked like a gnbme with his small hunchbacked form and bis round staring eyes. Poor Phil. My wife was always kind to him, though he was, like' the- Duke of Gloucester, said by his enemies not to be "formed for sportive tricks" or "to court the amorous looking glass." He had been to school at Halsteaafout had been left out in the cold as a child, because J oram would not own Mm and he was said to have no same. A stronger child would not have moped, bat Pnil was a feeble childi with muscles never strong nor joints supple; it was his fate to be left out of every game of play. Yet he had an inborn fitness for taking care of himself and of making the most of the small amusements which fell to bis share. He was making the most of it now as he pointed gleefully to the bevsh and to the agile figure which was disporting itself in the clear pools which were left where the tide had goae down between the wet glistening recks. •' "She-be sent to fetch yon, and she be a- forgettinV all about it, and wettin' her feet ana d&ncin;' 'em, white and shinin', in and onto'the rotter, like a znnrmaid's tail," he explained. "That Bounds like poetry," I said, as the boy whistled to the girl, who came clambering like a goat up the side of the cliff, where it was somewhat less steep, oblivious to scratches on her face and rents of her clothing. " Gammon; who cares-for poetry or such stuff?" sheered the cripple, as the girl climbed steadily np and stood before us at last, with her hair aa black as midnight and faer|eyes as dark, while the brunette complexion had taken -a brighter and warmer tint than her Workhouse companions would ever have conjectured would be possible. She laughed, too, as she looked at the roomy goloshes which had been sticking fast in the mnd, and which she now held triumphantly in her hand. " I shall oe all the better without 'em," she explained. " And he. won't hear us if we crawl along, but he be more nor half sorry as be sent for ver now, and the leastest noise it sounds to him like thunder." My position was not a dignified one, but the circumstances were crushing, and my curiosity and sense of amusement began to outweigh my dignity. There was apparently nothing to do out to submit to be guided by these two hard-hearted young people, who, as they piloted me through some fields adjacent to the house which the Deverishes had attempted to till, kept carefully in the same furrow of the ploughed land that their footsteps should not show. It appeared to me that they cared little enough for the .sick man ; bnt I could not help our hearing their talk as the girl said to her companion with a sort of shudder, "1 be that frightened of bim at times, that I feel as if I must run out and take a breath of Bomethin' wholesome." " What shonld there be to frighten you, you used to be a plucky girl ? I asked, breaking in on their talk, and throwing a searching glance at Molly to see if she were joking. She and PhQ exchanged looks, and I noticed there was an absence of her usual ertness and e'asticity of manner as she hung di own iier head and muttered—" Ax some un eUe." " I was only asking—or axing, as you call it"—t repeated, playfully, " what there should be to frighten you about a poor old sick man She^dropped her voice as she gazed up in a terrified way at the old stone house, grey and ghost like through the fir-trees. "Some ses as the devil have got hold o* bim/' she answered. "Be dazed if 1 believe such trumpery trash," exclaimed the cripple with an assumption of bravery and superior indignation which might have been expected from his school education. The ground was ill- kept. The attempt which had been made to reclaim it from the surrounding desolation had not been very successful. Stones were scattered' here and there, even in the ploughed field, and as we cleared a Tongh stile—Phil creeping over it with difficulty, he being slow of locomotion— we had to pick our way through a stream of water asd over water-worn stones. It y?as growing duBk. The shade of the firtrees.was deepening. A planet, I think it was Jupiter, was beaming opposite us in the sky, when the girl aBkecl abruptly, holding op her finger— \- " .D'ye hear it ? Do that waterfall sound like the chiming o' bells to yer ? Do it now? 1 ' she demanded with eager and startling curiosity. I listened. But the waterfall, aa she called it, a little stream of water running down from tbe hill, sounded merely like a feeble trickle as it rippled over the stones. " Whatkind of bells ?" I asked with another amused smile. " like a tollin'," she said excitedly; " he bears it all hours o' nights." "Ah II see—some trick of the imagination. He thinks he hears death bells t" Shenodded. And a ecreemin' from the waves of the tea, {ike A^PoTian's voice screeching; d'ye think, it can be finy way right and natural for htm not only to sicn things, but to make me hear 'em at time», t?" Shegpoke sharply and wlvO th jt Preternatural acuteness which had set t" 6 « orkhouse matron against her. '\Stoopid!" ejajulated the cripple. While,. I answered vaguely, speaking more to myself than to Molly, ''There may be many things which we do not at present understand, of which it would be premature -for us to determine that they are not natural." khe pressed her hand to her eyes. " I be that frightened," she muttered again, whiletheboy burst into a fit of harsh uncontrolled laughter. He was always either chuckling over one piece of mischief or meditating another; a mixture of impish enjoyment, and intense running, and I confess I began to suspect the boy. She was a girl of good courage, and yet she had evidently to rally herself as she led the way through the study doorway ino the kitchen, where there was burning a huge peat fire, withJoram sitting in. the ingle nook and cowering over the blaze. He had a big clasp knife in his hand, and a lump of bread with bacon. But his appetite had arparentlj failed him, and he sat surveying the bread as if he had forgotten the right way to carry it to his mouth. He rose up as we entered, as if the sight of me had touched the spring of some forgotten train of thought, for after gazhig at me for a moment in a dazed, stupibed way, he became unexpestedly aggressive, and flourished his fist at me. (To be continued.) 