? AOTA POPULI* i :?:. . ?? -BY SHE IFlAHETTB. JQttidnti)ui, did you &ok; ? ITothing, by EEorculeo 5 ^nothing. Aud if it io ferae that a country which \ haa 'no records ia bleat, £Few South Wales must l.,D0 bordering on a otafco of beatification to-day, fox1 it is B3 hard to find an interacting itom o2 nawo jusis now ao it io fco find a cako of Potfcio'o ...sanitary jelly ooap in fcho ' muooa muooa' bag of * a. blook gin« HevorfcheloQS, all hope nood nevoi' be abandoned whilo Sir 'Bnry Parkes and Public -school fceschera' grievances ere kept alive, for these are two oubioota from which a journalist can -. always dig out fcha material for e paragraph, and , .rfor.tho osiafconoo of whioh he should go down on c hia.kneoa 77 fcimeo a day and fervently thank the, ! jgoda who oent them. There was a time when I' '.'.'used io grafcomlly reznoraber John Davios in my I . orisons also, but o£ late John hao remained 00 .painfully, quiet that 1 have had to strike him off '''the Hot of my ' certain finds' completely. True, ' he ia to be f-dund in the ranko o2 the underground J\ engineers still, but ho appears to have taken a vow 7,o£ strict silence £02 a certain time, and is '''keeping to it wifck a fidelity that io esfcromoly * annoying to thooo, who, like myself, love to hang '.' jbiieh? ! edy oar-3 on hiagolden-rnouthed eloquence. \ 7 Barley's celobratod -c opelling beei' intho Supreme Oouru seemo fco have imoolied ail fcho vim out oi : ' ,«T6hn completely, but ifc would be a huge mistake to fill one^D head with the ide£ that our crafty old Minister-makei1 io totally onuficd oufo altogether. When the six'yecir old hois? oil n family happq-no to be alone in the beau paiioui7, and the oileneo of death reigns in that room,, fcho oad esporienoo of bas Mamma tails hex1 ho is up to no good, and al though when quootionod ho anawers that he is . ^ doing nothing,' a subsequent investigation ''.invariably ohowo that ho has managed fco work ' more mischief in half an hour [than can well bo 'remedied in half a year ; and so ifc is with our ' gentle John. Juafc afc present he io apparently '.'' ' doing nothing1,' bufc when fche fcime comes fco show his hand it will be found he haa boon Dhuf. ''. fling his cards fco oomo advonfcage roi1 himself, and . considerable annoyance fco others. Juat at pro ' aont tho political cloudo lower heavily o'or hio dovotod head;, bufc tho time v/ill eomo at iaufc, and he will then bob up serenely as ho used in tho . good old dcya of yovo. On fche whole, we could not vory \70ll do wibhoui Sir 'Bnry or his trusty henchman John3 for cti fche old poet Monandei.1 ',''' usod to say of womena ' Thoy aro evib, but at .^'the same timo they ai?o very necosoary ovilo.n Therefore, let uc dvink uhaiv healtho in Bosoby's unfermented. ft';'; . ' ' ' ' ? vi'..'. «3Jitnej3 change, and v/o ohanro vv'th them,' is *J' '' ':a somewhat bild-hoadod and c-noionti, but novoiL1 u hl theleso mighty fcruo old ciaying; and talking of 80 ; 'Hnry and Johnnio—tbooo tv/o pretty men — ro- ov: minds mo juat nov; o2 a couplo of vory good '^?': 'exemplifications o2 fcho adage. First o£ all, how Cfii ever, I must romark that for ploasan'j litfclo ^-:' exchanges of compliments i(j would be hard fco ''?'-'? beat fchoso which oomotimeo pass between persono t?.M-. of a literary turn and those vhioh aro oooa3ion« So -ally heard in fche cocafcorial jciw-jav/ shops of fcho ?)!.v.. different nations of fcho earfch. 'Mighty mad -::.l'i Donnio ' — fcho ocefehing ciitio of Pope's day— Vi : ., for example, oneo taunted Sir Eiohard Sfcoelo ,k ? wifch fcho afcrooiouG o£conc3 o£ boing an Irishman ; ?/n't and ho furthermore obaorvod that Sir Richard'o -.,?; Hibernian origin wp.d ' ofcnmpod upon hio face, t:'. hiowritingo, hie actions, his passions, r.n-35 abovo all, his vanity.' BMond Sfcoolo, hovyovev, waa hj '.a',.) no meona knocked oufc oi' fcimo by tho afctaok ;'?!'?.:' Hio Hibornlau pluok and that raoy spirit of *-;..? prompt end effoofcivo ropav'coo poouliar fco fcho if.-.: little Bmoi- aid lalo t/oro mattoro which Master ;;?? ? Dennio had completely overlooked, and ho wao thoroforo unmistakably crumpled up on being int'ornuod that he was possessed of ' an ugly, vinegar f ae« ; duek-legs, ex prossly made to carry burdens,' *and in addi tion to these peculiarities, ' he never let fcho Bun into hio wrefcohod garret, for fear ho would bring a bailiff in along wifch him.' Another charming illustration io that of a goniuo who rune a journal called fche Sluahfcown Times, and who recently ob Borvod, ' Tho dirty yahoo who slings pars for ilie ? Mud Gully Stab coomo fco bo offonded because Slushtown hao a papor, and ho aobero up long enough fco givo ua a Gmall fcnsto of fcho Blime with which his rum-and-oniono carcaao is saturalio'd. Do our roadoro ^7i3u fco know whafc fchia jouvnalia- , Sic Joalnn is HkoP Lofc^fchom take & half-v/itfced, \7ell»f od Hotifconiofcj in joofc into him fche largest poo., oible amouui; 0' oonooifc ? esfcrnofc fi;om him fchree Courfcho oi! hio brains, and all his prinoipleo ; v7hack him ovoi* fche hoad wifch a olofchosprop until ho forgefco fcho lifcfclo ho ever know, and they will then see a clean Sunday Gclifcion of fchio misorablo mopoko of Hud G-ullv.' That's a sample of fche retort couvfceoiiOj oi' tho M'Elhonian order. Eo f erring fco an hon. member on fcho other sido oC Oongi',e3s, fche late Mr. Abe Lincoln once re marked fchafc he would say nothing against his opponent's iioneofcy, bufc at fche same time, if ho (Mr. Lincoln) happened fco bo a pastor of a ohurch in which fche gentleman he alluded fco was a deacon., he would be mighfcy sorry fco allow him fco take up fche churoh-sorvice oolloctions unices ho wao firGfc provided wifch a ticket punch and bell recorder, fcho Game as tram guards were, and com pelled, on pain oi1 death,, fco use fchem. Bufc fche bifcfceroofc thing that one man ever said fco another wao probably what Henry Gbafcfcan said fco Homy IPlood in tho course of a Parliamentary debate. There had boon considerable coolnoos bofcwoon fcho pair for oome time previous, and in fche course of his speech Mood inadvertently alluded fco Gi'.vattan ao his ' honourable friend/' Upon whioh Grafcfcan struck the floor and esolaimodi ' Whom does fche honourable gonfcloman call his friend ? ifot me surely. IPoi! I'd spit upon him, oven in a doserfc.' The different coupleo alluded to above had at one time been the beafc of Mends, and I merely recall the anecdote to-day in order fco show how vory much some of us ohange wifch fcho fcimeo, and in order fco lo.ad up fco another illustration very much nearer home. Some few yoaro ago, fust as u Jannerry'a ' fair oun wao on the wane, fchafc aD03fcle o£ consistency., our own Buohanan, undor took to moot effectually squolch the hon. John Davios9 polifcioal career by voluntarily ohampioning hio rather shady cause. Amongafc ofchor fchingo, Oarlylo's old patron oboerved that ifc S./ao with ' a ooorprise fch&fc; borr- dur-red upon oon'aturs.'-na- ohun' fchafc he ' looked on afc fchio oavage pursuit of the hon. memboi,5 for Soufch Sydnoy5 Mr. Davios, wifch ohargo after ohavge of tho moc'u frightful oharacSer, cvoryono of them aiming a doafchblow at hio honour [ heah, hoah, from Mr. E. B. Smith, v/hohad just woko up from a sound sloop], and ho felt diaguofced with, and loathed) al* this infamous o'landerof an honourable and upright man, assailed, ao he had been of late, confessedly with a tissue of falsehoods.' When fcho laughfcor had subsided — and, by the way, how is ifc fchafc fcho more Dawvid is in earnest, ondfcho more studied io his only Australian oratory, fcho more his hoarers laugh P— Mr. Buchanan caught on fco his thomo onco more, and wifch a love of fair play and a 3parc-nofc'0von-my-bosoni-friends desire which did him credit, obsorvod — ?' ' 'No oharaefcor ia so hnfcoful ao the common [slanderer. Tho growth and offspring of fche cosb pool, ho was roared amidst overy phyaical and moral oonfcDminafcion 3 continually fattening on fcho rottenness of obscenity, olandor and foul mouthed calumny wore to him fche bi-oath of lifo ; within hio ignominioua skin no generous pulso ovor doqc, dih niB venomouo noa.ru ieapoa wicn ]oy3 ana gloatod ovor the proopoofc of stabbing with hio foul and pestilent- tongue fcho weak and defence loss/1 Then Dawvid sat down, and fooling confident ho had dono hib level beet, and Bhakon fcho wholo world from polo fco pole, ho looked avound for that burst of wild applause whioh ho fully es pectod would groofc hio ' graund oo-raohin.' Bufc fcho hon. membor£i scattered around didn'fc groofc y/orfch a coufc, and a aolomn silence filled tho air until fcho hon. Dan O'Connor, who had won a ' pot ' afc Uandwiok fcho v/ook boforo, esclaimod — ' I'll lay 6 to 4 tho hon. member for Mudgeo hasn't fcho Kiama ghost of an idea of what he's boon talking about for fcho last five and twenty minufcos.' Aud evon Dawvid himself declined fco take fcho bot. For all fchioD however, Dawvid's apoooh wdq a oplondid piooo of magnnnimifcy for him, beonuoo ifc v/ao only a row short months before fchafc John had given fcho only Auoti'tilian orator a verbal oi'.stigation that mado him danoo madly round like an old fcondor-i'ooter] hon on a hot noh bod. And fchio brings mo up to yefc another strong exemplification of fcho iempora muiantur adage, for^ during tho courae of his philipp against Dawvid, John cuttingly said : ' Mr. 1 Buchanan is retained for defending tho Govern- 1 ment, who aro now on their (rial for their ' inefficiency and incompotoncy in doaling with fcho ! : a-ffairo o£ tho country, and yet I havo hoard fcho hon. member for Mudgoo denounce Civ Henry Parkes a short fcimo ago in suoh a manner fchac no honosfc man would care fco have anything rnoro fco do with him.' Thio caused Sir'Snry fco spring fco his foofc and protest, a la (3-rafctan, against being ( oonsidorod fcho friend o2 Mr, Davies,. ITurfchor more, ho truofcod Mr. Davioo would not alludo fco him in such fce;?mo agaiu, ao ho wao acvnr under any compliment fco him, and in facii didn'fc oven wish fco know him. Thio woo rough on ? John, bufc on fcimo boing eallod ho oamo smilingly up fco fcho oerafceh once more and said fcho romarks juofc made v/ore ' quifce in keeping with Sir Henry Parkco'o whole oareor, aa he wao always turning on hio friends, bufc v/ifch all that gentle man's swaggor and boasting about not caving for him (Mr. Daviea) ov for office, ifc v/ao all moon ohino, ao fchoro was nofc a more dependent man in fcho community, and ho himself had frequently helped Sir Henry Parkeo both wifch influence and wifch money.' A little more feinting and sparring followedj until at lacfc Sir 'Envy dealt his oppo nonfc a stinging faoer, and fchon John, letting out hio leftj fairly staggered hio man by exclaiming — ' Sir- Honry Parkesa aro you aware that I po9BeoSj and havo in my private drawer, a document o2 youro, which — cc Mr. Davieo, you seem to forgot I hold oomo secret papers o2 yours, also.-' 'Ifc io false,' retorted John, ' and I challenge you to produce thorn ?'» after which ib woo agreed fchab both fche com batants should separate i!or fchafc ovoning, and on fcho nesfc bring forth fco fcho light o2 fcho public gazo those dread documents which wore to clear fche land oi those two arch political Maohiavellio. Bufc fcho happy moment ne'er arrived, and ifc was remarked fchafc when fcho House mofc again fcho worthy pail1 were once more aa thick p,s two — ? well — say two friends— such ao Jonathan and iiavido Tuore nad boon a private meeting, tiiac was evident ; bufc fcho nature o£ fche buainoDO fcranG aefced then has novor yet fcranspii-od. Poooibly, Bir 'Envy advanced with a roll of papers and oaid — l! Mr. Daviesj there aro tho pepora I hold oi' youra 5 now hand me mine.' Bufc the wily Minister-maker, seeing thoy were only a job lot of lame-logged manuscript ic Murmurs of fcho Stream ' softly tapped his nose and replied, ' ITc'j much, Mary Ann— I'm too old a bird fco shut- my oyoo and ofcand ofcill while you shako salt upon my tail 5 but just fco show you fchero'o nothing crooked about Vie, horo aro your condemnatory documents 5 now givo me mine.' And Sir 'Bnry, noticing that fcho proffered roll oonfcained naughfc bufc old muiiln'scramblo bills o£ faro and yejeefced olocfcionoering addrosaes placed his thumb to hio cla3aical nasal organ and playing ?an imaginary flufco with hio fingers, said— -u Won't do;to-day at fchtifc price, Johnnie I'm growing old and i'ooliah, I admit, bub hoaven tempers fcho wind to tho early worm, and you'll require to rise a fcriilor sooner boforo you gofc tho b3ot of yours truly.' And then, falling on Sir 'Bnry's nock, John kissed hio alabaster brow and eaid — ' An old dog for a hard road, and don't; you forgot ifc.' Thon going in to whore tho ginger ale was kopfj on tap, fchoy buried their foolish waro in fchefiovr» ing bowl, and loudly sang— ' Let dogs doliglit to bark aud bito I'or it is thoir nature to ; But you and I will ne'er fall out— Till -it pays us so to do.' And thus ifc io that those interesting papers aro scaled noystorios even fco fche present day. Thovo was a man in fche land of Uz, and hio name was Job, and until fcho paafc few days thiD man has boon lookod upon as fcho most unfortu nate boing that evor lived. Now, howovor, big rooord is boaten, and fcho champion miserable man is Mr. A. Hufcohkuion. Mr. Hutohinoon io fcho Mogos, so fco Bpeak, of fcho Looal Option Leaguoj and fcho prinoipal trouble of himooK and hio orowd1 ? to-day io that no one will st fcako thorn up.' Sir Enry Parkes will nofc ' take thorn up j' Dr. Moran will nob ' teko fchom up,' and in point of fact, I beliovo oven tho vory polioo fchomselves re fuse fco tako fchom up ; and thoro fchooo poor unfor tunates lio upon fchoir own ropuloivo Looal Opfcion dunghoap. Jusfc hero, I may oboorvo, fchab no thing could bo moro boneiioial fco fcho land fchan Tomporanoe rifihfcly undorafcood and judiciously managed, bufc Mr. Eufcchinuon'o idoa of ifc is quito a difforonfc matfcor altogether. When this cold v/afcor worrier and hio litfclo flock appealed fco Sir 'Enry to take fchom up and bo their D.aviour, fcho situation v/ao too ludicrous ovon for our ofciiid old Enighf-, and glancing at fcho 54 gi1ti/'Or»Liooi'y gonfco and G small ladioo rangod around, ho let loose hio pondoroua wit, and a omilo like unfco tho first symptoms of fcho diseao0 called ' rash' camo o'er his faco ao l:o blandly replied — 'Not any moro on my plato to-day, thank you kindly, Mr. Hufcohinoon, for when I boo fcho sturdy, manly arms of fcho gentlemen now assembled (hero Mr. Abigail smiled and simpered, ' That'fl mo '), and when I bohold tho sylph-like forms and tho luxuriant growth of beauty in tho ladies, I fool fchafc my arms aro nofc strong enough or long onough, aud fchoroforo I cannot eonsent to fcako you up.' And 00 Mr. Hufcehinoon backed oufc, looking as happy aa if a load of hay had jusfc fallen on his devoufcod hoad, whilst a fow of his Job's-wif'o-liko comforfcors impafciontly advised him fco curse Local Opfcion and fchon dio. Snub bing, however has no moro effect on a rabid teetotal fanatic fchan a broad pill would havo on Governor Bourko'o old statue, and bcaco ifc 'was wo found Mr. Kufcchinson'o gang pushing fchoir way into Dr. Moran'o proaonoo wifch tho mild roquecfc that ho would fcake fchom up and lead fchem on fco glory. Bufc fcho shrowd prelate evidently saw through their fchin venoer of temporanoo and while!; corioibly upholding fche good oauso, and treating his interviewers with tho greatest courtesy, afcill, ho too, vory properly, dc* clined fco fcako fchem up, and gave fchom comofching particularly warm fco vofleso upon when ho truly aaid ' fchoro v/ao a possible danger of temperance organizations being made fcho fcools of intriguing politicians.' 'Crushed again,' osolaimod tho deputation, and fchon fcho worthy crowd filed out wifch faces as long as a ha'penny kite or & master tc-ilor'o memory Hearing that Alderman KennifO (time he wag Mayor now) had oppressed a mosfc omphafcio dc siro fco pu'a down strong drink, fche noblo army toddled round fco him, bufc aa fcho genial aldor man explained fchafc ifc could only bo put down properly by being connected wifch Parramatfca lemons and hofc water, fche company observed that; ho was a man of nin, and then elearod off as quick ao if fchey had juofc boon ohofc oufc of an 80-fcon gun. Brother Sasfcway was the nest apostlothey struck, but on making their tako-mo-up appeal to him, ho bufctdn-holod fche leader, jammed him fcighfc in a oornor, and confidentially observed § ' Look hero, my friendi yoa'ro whiafcling up fche wrong fcubo altogether. The peoplG don't complain of gotfcing too much grog afc ell. Whafc bhoy aro all howling aboufc jusfc afc present io that fchoy don't get half enough.) Preaching ginger-boor and spouting saraapal'illa pualmo io a gamo that wac played oufc long boforo Captain Cook firofc landed. Tom'» norance and tracts are onlv fit for fche ' oorfi little hoathens,' but whafc fcho average civilized man wants to-day io rai'traps. Hero, come an8 ['11 show you fch' nor; invention, whoro thoy go in rafco at ono ond, and come oufc afc fcho ofcher in fcho form of voal pies. ITo rospecfcablo family should over bo without ono ? and two and sixpence takes fcho prizo medal copy.' But by fchio timo fcho raspberry balm banditti wore falling ovor eaoh other in their wild endeavours fco gofc oufc of the rat»ufcilizor's shop, and fco fchio day their plaintive song io, ' £To ono fco lovo ; none fco caross, or tako uo up in this v/orld's wilderness.' Temper* anee in all right in ifco way, and a greater bleasing could nofc come upon fche people j bufc ono must bo oxfcromely carof ul fco distinguish bofcweon fchooo or» ganizationo which aro formed puroly for the pro« motion of tho good cauaej and fchoso fchafc aro oimply kept alivo for tho purpose o£ aasisfcing fco« wards fcho aggrandizement of a crowd of intrigue ing politicians. 