Tales and Sketches. Miss Truepenny's Fortieth. Christmas. (From " Beeton's Christmas Annual.") (Concluded from our last.) Ohadiah sat there a moment, broken .'and trembling with a little argument that went- on within him, and he wiped the cold sweat that started to his brow. Then he put away tho bills, aud went up to Dobson on the-bank above. Elizabeth looked up when her father entered the store, looked over and boyond her father expectantly, and with an air of hopeful certainty a little fretted by delay. Her finger rested upon a place in the ledger,' and on the desk lay a crumpled mass of bills held down by a rusty old weight. But her father shuffled on, and . there was no step after his. The long hours of the afternoon went slowly by; shadows began to lengthen, and. the heat and dust of the day were tempered by the approach of evening. Still Elizabeth lingered at the desk, unconsciously held there by a weight of suspense, of vague and harrowing fear. It was already twilight when a group of idlers gathered under the side window, and the confused murmur of their voices reached her troubled senses through the broken panes of glass. At hist, with fatal precision, these words fell upon her ear: ' Three thousand dollars! . it was a pretty good haul for Mat Gorse to make off with. The young scalawag somehow outwitted them alL They do say the money belonged to Miss True penny.' Then Miss Truepenny got down from ... the stool, and, taking her hat from its accustomed peg, walked out the door homeward. By the time her father came, hot and flustered, with even a more shuffling step than usual, and took his seat at the table, Elizabeth was as calm and cool as ever. Her fingers held to him the brimming cup of tea, and not a drop therein quivered; her -keen grey eyes looked out beyond her father to the dusky laburnums at the -garden gate, then they returned again and settled themselves upon his face. ' So Matthew Gorse took my money to-day and ran away with it ?' she said. ' Yes, yes,' replied the old man, his shaking band spilling the tea upon the snowy cloth; ' so they say, Bess. You shouldn't 'a trusted him. But it didn't matter; he was a thief and scoundrel before.' 'It did matter,' said Elizabeth. ' He took those three thousand dollars and went away, did he, father ?' Her voice grew shrill with a sudden overpowering tone of yearning, and she looked steadily at the old man. ' Yes, yes,' Btammered Obadiah, his voice also getting shrill, and his chin shaking painfully. ' But don't mind, Bess; I'll make it up to you, every penny of it, and more.' ' Yo,' she said, in a hard, hitter voice; ' you can't give it to me, nobody can. Yon can't make it up to me—nothing can.' And Ohadiah found to his dismay that nothing could induce Elizabeth to take from him the three thousand dollars. Her own three thousand hidden away became a curse to him. She made him feel like a thief himself. He had, after all, taken her money, as Matthew Gorse had taken his. Yo matter what the motive was, there the money lay— stolen from her, concealed, put out of her reach or knowledge. The thought was misery to him. The fact that he had done this thing to save her from falling into what he thought was a snare of the devil, mat tered little to him now. - If Matthew Gorse had told him, and he had known, that-the money he had taken was spent in some righteous way, it wouldn't nave raised the young man a whit in his estimation. Money was money, and it must belong somewhere. If it was taken from its rightful owner the one \- who took it was a thief—there h*y. the whole matter. • j This epigrammatic way of-'settling it made the old man's hair white in a year, took all the cunning out of his eyes, put in his face something weak ^ndpitiable, but changed it vastly for the better— wonderfully for . the -better. If Matthew Gorse could have met his onele in the streets of Plimpton Centre a few years after he parted Vwith him, Jie wouldn't havo known him, 'He would have lifted Ms hat to the bent, drooping, wMte-hnired old man, and passed rever ently by. But: these years that bent and shattered the body and soul of Obadiah Truepenny seemed to harden and petrify and preserve his daughter. She grew straighter and stiffer and sterner and colder, till she might almost as well have been made out of stone. Obadiah could find no fault. She poured out his tea for him, at the age of thirty, with the same punctuality and accuracy that had marked that courtesy ten years before. She was now the soul and centre of the busi ness in Plimpton, wMch had greatly prospered now that the railway ran through the town. She bought and sold, bargained and trafficked, with the long head and sagacious foresight he had credited her with when she was but a girl. And all legal culprits had the same reason to fear her that they found long ago with her father. She had no mercy, not even when he pleaded for them, as he did often and strenuously; so that, being a legal culprit Mmself, he began to tremble at her approach, and crept away to his own room, there to shiver and moan, and vainly strive for courage to undo what he had done. Por of what avail would it be now to make his daughter, the one being on earth dear to him, hate and despise Mm and cast Mm from her? Obadiah meant to tell his daughter all, as he had sworn so to do; but he had not stipulated when. The time was not in the bond, and the moment had never come to Mm when it seemed easy, or indeed possible to fulfil Ms promise to Matthew. He determined he would tell her in five years—in ten ; he put it off to fifteen, and then took the crime to his conscience to lie there a curse for; ever. Elizabeth was thirty-seven years old when one morning Obadiah walked down the main street of Plimpton, leaning heavily upon Ms gold-headed cane, and was suddenly hailed from afar by a voice that seemed familiar to Mm, and yet it did not appear possible that the disepntable and dilapidated tramp approaching could ever have been known to him. The man's head was hound up in a red handkerchief, and despite the freezing air, a woollen shirt and overalls seemed to comprise his wardrobe. 'You don't know me, do you, deacon?' he said, coming close to the old man; 'and I'm blest if at first I could make yon put. It don't seem as if livin' on the fat o' the land and sleepin' on beds o' down has done much for you, any more'n starvation and campin' out has done for me. The game's pretty well played for both of us, I reckon; but I want to tell you, deacon, that there's somebody on the war-path. Unbeknown to myself, I did you a had turn out yonder.' ' Out where, Dohson?' said Obadiah. Perhaps there was only one other face in the world so stamped upon his memory that he could have known it after all these years of hardship and frustration. But in that scene down by the mill- dam, this man Dohson was a mute and- unconscious partaker, and Mr. Truepenny's memory waB keen to agony here. * ' In the mines,' said Dobson. ' I fell upon your, nephew, Mat, out there. Yes, I did, deacon, that's a fact; and sheer ill luck and misery followed me from that minute. I'm blest if he wasn't a-regular Jonah; he had the cuEsedest ill fortune in everything he undertook, and things went from bad to worse right straight along. One don't talk of home much outthat way, deacon; think of it, you understand, more or less all the time, but don't talk of it. But that day I threw up my hand; couldn't stand it, caved right in, seventeen miles from camp, dead cleaned out, no whisky even. AVe get down in a frozen ledge, Mat and I, the sky heavy as lead over us, and some big black wings flappin' down. - " AVe'll leave our bones here, , Mat," says I, " and them varmints up there'll pick 'cm clean." And says Mat —he alwayB took things quiet, you see —says Mat, "As well here as any where." And says I, " Mat, no; I'm blest if I wouldn't rather he covered up clean in Plimpton churchyard, and so would you if you hadn't made off with that money of Elizabeth True penny's ;" and, Lord!' if there was ever a mad miner, stark, ravin' mad—But hold on, deacon! here, lean on me. Don't take on about it; ;ton chances to one bis bones are blencbin' out there now. . It ain't half so easjr to get back as to go. He swore he'd come, and what Mat undertook in that line he generally put through; but he was pretty well cared, his right leg dragged a little, and a rattlin' old cough stuck to him night and day. He started on the trail and left me clean behind; but, deacon, I think he slipped out, I do in deed.' Something in the face of the deacon touched and went far to terrify the old miner. It was seamed and haggatd and grey. The people in Plimpton Centre thought it a fine thing to see the deacon go up the main street leaning upon tho arm of the miserable Dobson. 'That's true piety,' they said, and doffed their hats reverently to the poor old gentleman. That night the deacon was no longer able to take the cup of tea from the hand of his daughter. She went up to his room with it, and held it to his lips, and looked-down upon him with her cold keen eyes. ' What night is it, Bess ?' he said: ' I heard the church' bell a bit ago.' It is Christmas night, father.' ' Go down, Bess, go down, and bid Betty build the Christmas fire' upon the hearth'. Bid her get out the black berry wine. Someone may need the warmth and cheer to-night.' ' You are best in bed, father.' ' Ay, but go down as I bid yon, Bess; make it bright and cheery and warm below there.' When Elizabeth returned to her father, he' held out to her his shaking hand. ' How old are you to-day ?' he said; 'how old, Bess — God help me,-how old?'; 'Thirty-seven years, father,' she said, and smiled bitterly. ' And can't you get a bit warm with the Christmas fire, Bess, and Betty's wine? It's the day our Saviour was born to save miserable sinners. You are so cold and white, Bess ; poor sister Nan can't be much colder and whiter; though she's been a ghost this many a year, since ever Matthew Gorse was born.' At the sound of tbat name Elizabeth's eyelids fell. A shudder crept through her frame. Something that had been dead within her sprung to life with a birth-pang of sinister joy. .'It's a cold hearthstone,' muttered^ her father; ' a lonely one this many a year. Keep the Christmas fire bright,' Bess ; he may come home at any time: I've righted him in my will. You; won't grudge him the money, Bess ? I did him a foul wrong.' Here he raised himself on his elbow and looked pleadingly in Her face. 'Father,' said Elizabeth, in a harsh strained voice, ' didn't Matthew Gorse take my money and run away with it? ' ■-'No, no, no,' said the old man, and fell hack upon the bed. ' He sent it back to you with a message, Bess. I'd ha' told you long ago, but I got more and more scared of you ; but he told me to tell you for your'sweet sake—■ for your sweet sake—' ' Oh, my God !' said Elizabeth, and fell on her knees by the bedside. ; Then Obadiah fell into broken sobs and exclamations, and told her all. Obadiah Truepenny died that night, i and when, upon the day of tho funeral; the will was read, the people of Plimp ton Centre thought it a wicked and unjust thing for Deacon Truepenny to leave half his fortune to that scape grace of a nephew, Matthew Gorse. Time rolled on, however, and" Mat thew.did not come to claim bis inherit ance. Every night the ruddy glow from Miss Truepenny's sitting-room windows gleamed half-way across the road, hut it was fully three years after ward that it shone upon a shabby, dishevelled, fierce-looking vagrant, who stooped upon the door-step to put some of the snow by the wayside upon his burning, throbbing head. His breath was nearly spent, and tho Christmas hells that rang out from the church below made a confusion in his brain. His shaking band raised the massive old silver knocker, but Betty did not unfasten the chain. 'Obadiah Truepenny?' she said. / "Why, Lord o' mercy, he's dead and buried these three years !' ' Dead!' said Matthew, and dropped on the door-sill like a stone. That word was like a bullet to him. '-f Dead! 'i be gasped out, and gave up the struggle, He fell on his lace along the'p'orch, and there'. Elizabeth found him. ; Some hours after he opened his eyes upon the wide pleasant old sitting room. The Christmas fire was burning upon the hearth, casting a ruddy glow - upon the homespun carpet; blazing upon the polished heads of brass,, the quaint old heads of andirons, shovel and tongs, staring at each other from their separate corners, just as in the old time ; flickering upon the solid old mahogany sideboard, with .its chubby decanters and tall glasses, its big square tray, upon which that Japanese woman had been falling slant wise through the air all these years, and never yet spilled those impossible flowers on the mountain by her side; lighting up the high straight-backed chairs, the tall.mirror, the dried grasses on the mantel, the geraniums still blos soming in tbe warm south window; heating the air with a home scent of ;, pine, a resinous odour of the old woods that went straight to the soul of the' poor vagrant upon the old chintz covered settee.Once upon a time he was in keeping with the snug, gay appointments of this pleasant old room. He was as smart and dapper then, with his jetty locks and white skin and! un exceptionable garments, as smirk.and smart as they. But now he wbb broken .and bent and worn, shabby, unkempt and miserable. His boots were rent' ■ apd so was his heart. He was Put of place here; the heart of a canon out yonder would suit him better. And a shadow there by his side some drapery upon the floor, a ruffle of lace falling upon a white hand near by " —all these took his' breath away brought weak, miserable tears to his eyes, shook the fainting soul within him. Her face—oh, -the old proud, sweet face!—was turned a little away and her hair—oh, the old ruddy! shadow-tinted hair—had half fallen upon lier shoulder,* the high nose, the clean cut of the nostril, the firm sweep of the chin and throat—why, she was the same old sweet, sad, imperious Bess, the very same, while he—oh misery—was but a ghost to trouble joy. All the old fear of her, and the old worship, came swooping back upon him. He made an effort to fall at her feet but sank back powerless. ' ' Bess1 Bess!' he cried, in a voice aad hollow as a broken drum. Hid.the .old man tell you before he died? Hid he right me at the last? Oh, 1 swear to you, Bess, I've been true ^ my word ever since. I've done my best, Bess, poor miserable wretch that I em—I have done my best. See here' —and he took from his breast a ragged, 1 faded bit of ribbon—' I've kept it all these years; it's all I went away with and its all I've come back with. I couldn't make up the money, Bess; luck was against me somehow; where other men gained, I always lost • and even now I'm in the way. I must go, Bess ; but tell me, before I leave you, did the old man right me at the last ?' Then she slipped from her chair to the floor, and for the first time in twenty long years and more he felt the arms of a woman about his neck—of all the arms in the world, those of his cold, proud cousin, and tears were cheek^ °Ut ^ e^'cs UP0U I"8 wagted The poor, trembling lips of the wanderer, touched by those of Eliza beth, grew faint with rapture. As for Bess, this was the first, the veiy first lover s kiss that had ever been hers' and she was forty years old that day ' He righted you, Matthew. He was sorry. He has left you 60,000 dollars - m his will. > You are as rich as I, dear. I pray of you to forgive him.' ' .Forgive him—ves, with all myhoart. Jiut take the money—-no; your money Bess—sixty thpusand dollars!1 and the poor baffled gold-seeker repeated it once . again—' Sixty thousand dollars!' With his prayer to he forgiven, dear. And. the old store is there. You shall be its master and mine, Matthew. Oh, . say—tell me—are you happy at last—' as happy.as I? ' ' Why, Eess, if I've only the strength to bear it. It's tougher than misery, somehow. Bess, I'm a weak, miserable wretch, you know, let me have it out, dear;' and he put his head down on her breast, and sobbed all the old ■wretchedness and wratli and sorrow away. A DiUF. and dumb pair having married, "a young ladywondered if they could ho hsppy. • Mid bcr bcAU| * usjsponkably happy, ,• 