THE HERMIT OF THE ROCK: A Tale of Landlordism in Tipperary. BY MRS. J. SADLIER, AUTHOR OF “ NEW LIGHTS,” “ BRAKES AND FLANAgANS,” “ WILLIE BURKE,” “RED HAND OF ULSTER,” ETC. CHAPTER XII. A WAKE AND WHAT BEFELL THE BEAT, The weeks and months rolled by, the snows of February, and the hard winds of March, and the soft dewy showers of April, had all passed away, and still Jerry Pierce was a wanderer on the earth, with the brand of Cain on his brow, eluding the vigilance of the police, in what way no one could tell, notwithstanding that a tempting reward had been offered for his apprehension, and to all appearance the popular feeling was as strong against him as it ever had been. It was the last day of April, the charmed May eve, and the little boys and girls were abroad in the dewy meadows gathering the golden May- flowers to strew before the house-doors 'for the welcoming of the summer.0 In the grey light of the closing evening sat Cauth by the door with her stocking on her arm, listening to the pleasant sounds from ’the fields and meadows, and ever as she plied her needle, muttering drearily to herself, as was her custom when alone. “ Wisha, but it’s merry ye all are now,” she said, half aloud, “ as merry as crickets. That’s right! go on with your gali vantin’—make the best of it while ye can— I’ll go bail ye’ll not be so merry this night twel’month—some o' ye, anyhow ! Ah ! the poor foolish creatures, isn’t it badly off they are to know what’s before them ; most o’ 'them ’ill know it time enough.” “ That’s the truest word you ever spoke,” said a man, who just then stood on the thres hold before her ; “ it’s little pleasure they’d expect in this world if they knew it as well • as you and me, Cauth !” “ Well ! I declare you have the odds o’ me, honest man !” said Cauth, startled a little by his sudden appearance. “ That may be,” said the man, gruffly, “ but it’s askin’ your help I am. for Clod’s •sake, an’ it matters little whether you know me or not. I know you, at any rate.” “ Wisha, God help your wit, poor man !” •said Cauth, in a softened tone, 11 it’s little I have to give any one. It’s a sign you don't know me, though you say you do, when you ask me for charity.” “ Much or little, you can give something, an’ you must, too, for I have a sick child at home—at home," he repeated, with something like a chuckling laugh—“ a motherless child, too, without a bit or a sup to give her, an’ she cryin’ for somethin’ to ate—they tell me,” he added with hysterical wildness, “ they tell me it’s the hunger o’ death that’s on the darlin’—woman ! woman ! give me something for her, if it’s only a mouthful !” “ Oh vo ! vo !” said Cauth, rising quickly £< sure I’d keep it out of my own mouth, an’ give it, if that’s the way it is with you !” And going to the little alcove she took out a piece of oaten cake, then poured some butter milk into a porringer (i.e. tin cup), and gave it to the man, who had stepped inside the door, and stood shivering in his tattered garments waiting to receive the precious aliments, miserable though they were. “ There’s the best I have for jmu,” con tinued Cauth, as the man put the bread in the wallet that hung empty over his shoulder ; “ if it was a little while agone, I could give you something better, but, ochone, since the black sorrow came on the poor mistress at the Hall above, there’s many a thing that we miss that we used to have. It’s the good lady she was all out till that curse-o’-God villain murdhered the darlin’ young master ; but sure, sure we couldn’t have the face to go next or nigh her now ! Go your ways, honest man, an’ as I gave you that charity in the honour o’ God, I lay it on you to say a Pather an’ Ave for Mr. Esmond’s sowl.” “ Don’t be layin’ anything on me !” said *In Ireland the Summer commences with the merry month of May—the Spring with February and Candlemas Day, as the Feast of the Purifi cation ia there called from the blessed candles then distributed amongst the people. the man fiercely “ I’ll say no Pather an1 Aves for the bit that’s to save my child’s life. That’s the last I may have !” And he was rushing out of the hut when Cauth caught him by the arm. “ You’re a bad man !” said she, “ or you wouldn’t say the likes o’ that!” “ Wisha, thank you kindly, said the man, in a tone of bitter mockery, “ an’ sure it’s a good woman yourself is.” He named a name in a low, guttural whisper, and then darted off, leaving Cauth like one spell-bound. Long she stood looking vacantly down on the floor, her features fixed and rigid, and her long, skinny arms hanging, as it were, power less by either side, At last she staggered to her seat near the door, and, heaving a deep drawn sigh, leaned her head against the wall. Och, then,” she murmured sadly, “them that ’id tell me of a May-eve long ago that it ’id ever come to this with me! Sure nobody knows what’s before them! but I thought—I thought I could hide myself here, an’ I see I can’t. I believe there’s no rest for me above ground.” She was roused from her dreary cogitations by the sound of Mabel’s wild, sweet voice, singing outside, “ Och ! beware of meeting Rinardine All on the mountain high.” “ Wisha! what’s come of all the snails ? an’ the ne’er a bit o’ yarra can I find, at all ; an’ they tell me it’s May eve, an’ what’ll I do for the yarra ? ” ° “ Lord save us ! ” muttered Cauth, “ there’s that poor, cracked Mabel! I hope it isn’t in here she’d be cornin’! The lonesome crature ! it’s looking for the yarra she is, an’ the snail! Oyeh! oyeh! see how she gropes along on the ground—she’s for all the world like a ghost!—an’ worse than a ghost she is to me! ” And she shuddered as she watched the spectral-looking figure gliding in a stooping posture through the deepening shades in her search for the charmed plant. “The sight of her makes me shiver all over,” said Cauth, “ an’ when she gets a talkin about things it makes me most as mad as herself to hear her! She’ll not get in here the night, that’s for sartin! And it’s a hard thing, too, to shut her out bekase she’s afflicted. But sure I can’t help it, I wouldn’t do it if I could ! ” And so saying she softly closed the door, whilst Mabel went on with her fruitless search, singing the while, “ He says, my purty fair maid, I like your offer well, But I’m engaged already, the truth to you to tell, Unto another damsel, who is to be my bride, A wealthy grazier’s daughter down by the Shannon’s side.” The next moment, as usual with her, the strain was changed to that most doleful ditty, “Och ! it’s on the banks of Clady I’m told he does remain—” perhaps more in accordance with her own wild and gloomy fancies. Later in the evening, when the full moon was shining down in silvery splendour on the old Rock, and the ivied ruins and the richly varied and plain stretching far and away beneath, Mad Mabel stole with a creeping pace to the door of Larry Mulquin’s cottage, and, raising the latch glided in. Celia was alone spinning by the fire, her father and brothers being gone respectively “ on their caillie !” ° There was a troubled look on Celia’s face, and the rich bloom had faded from her cheek. Ever as her foot turned the wheel, and the delicate flaxen thread passed lightly through her fingers, a deeper shade fell on her shrunken features, and the tremu lous motion of her lips denoted the workings of the heart within. So rapt was she in her own sad thoughts, that she heeded not the raising of the latch, and the first inti mation she had of Mabel’s presence was her squatting on the floor beside her, *The pulling of the yarrow after nightfall is one of the principal “charms” proper to May eve amongst “ the peasant girls of Ireland.” Another is placing a snail (also captured after the stars are in the sky) between two plates, in hopes that during the night it would trace in snail-hand the initial letters of the fated name on one or other of the plates. All these May eve “tricks,” like those of Hallow-eve, are of purely pagan origin, the first of November and the first of May being the two great festivals of the year amongst the pagan Irish. * i. <?.,'to a neighbour’s house to spend the evening. looking silently up in her face through the dishevelled tresses of her long hair. A low scream escaped Celia at the sudden appearance of the ghostly face and figure, but instantly recognising Mabel, she drew a long breath, and forced a smile that was ghastly on her face as sunlight on a new made grave. “ Wisha, Mabel! is it you that’s in it'? the ne’er a bit but you took a start out o’ me !” “Husht!” whispered Mabel, raising her finger, “don’t say a word for your life—the peelers are out, you know, this purty moon light night lookin’ for Jerry Pierce an’ every one then, forgetting her own injunction, she began singing— “ Och ! it’s my delight of a shining night In the season of the year.” Celia shook like an aspen leaf at the mention of Pierce’s name, and she cast a shrinking look around. “Take care now, Mabel, what you say,” she whispered, but remembering how useless it was to warn the poor creature of anything, she adopted the wiser course of turning her attention from the dangerous subject. “ What did you come here for, Mabel ?” said she, very gently ; “ did you want to speak to me ?” “Look here,” said Mabel, “see what I brought you.” And opening a dock leaf she held in her hand, she showed its contents to Celia, looking eagerly up in her face the while as if to note her satisfaction. “ It’s May-eve, you know!’’ “Ah! poor Mabel!” sighed Celia, and she sadly shook her head. “ I want no snails now, nor yarra neither. No, nor the May dew, j- All that’s past an’ gone !” “ But don’t you want to see Jerry’s name on the plate ? jist for onst before they hang him !” Celia, with a groan and a shudder, covered her face with her hands, murmuring, “ Mabel! Mabel ! for God’s sake hold your tongue!” “ I will, avourneen ! I will !” said Mabel, rising. “ So you’ll not take the yarra, afther me goin’ out a purpose to pull it for you '?” “ Yis, yis, I’ll take it,” cried Celia, snatching it from her in hopes of getting rid of her the sooner. “ An’ you’ll put it under your head, achree ? an’you’ll see the beautiful fine drame you’ll have about the bangin’. They wouldn’t let me see Patrick bangin’, you know,” she added confidentially ; “ but maybe they’d let you. go and see Jerry when it comes his turn. If they do, be sure an’ bring me with you, for I think it’s the greatest thing in the whole world to see any one a-hangin.’ Och ! och !” she added, with a piteous moan, “ I wish they’d hang me at onst, an’ be done with it, for I’m tired walkin’ ; walkin’ ever, and never gettin’ to my journey’s end.” “ Where are you going now, Mabel ?” Celia asked, moving with her towards the door. “ I’m goin’ to the graveyard to see if Jerry be there, an’ if he is, I’ll tell him you want him.” “ To the graveyard, Mabel ; Lord save us, what ’id bring him there ?" Celia asked, af frighted, without waiting to think of the folly of heeding Mabel’s wild ravings. “ Well ! I wasn’t spakin’ to him that night I seen him at the vau’t lookin’ at the letters on the front of it. You mind that night, Celia ! it was a purty bright night—for all the world, sich another as this. The sperits were all out that night in the purty moonlight, an’ Patrick an’ myself walked round an’ round the ould walls an’ the graves on the Rock above, an’ then we went down to Hore Abbe}', an’ we sat discoorsin’ there awile about one thing an’ another, an’ watchin’ the fairies divartin’ themselves, an’ chasin’ one another in an’ out through the ould windows an’ arches an* things, an’ then, mavrone! off we went to Holy Cross, but just as we got there the cock crew, an’ poor Patrick had to go—but, listen hither, Celia! he said Jerry Pierce was goin’ to be hung some o’ these days, an’ then you an’ me, an’ Jerry an’ him, an’ all the rest o’ the sperits, ’id have the finest times you ever seen ! Och, well ! I must be goin’; it's tired I am—tired—tired—an’ the heart athin me is t Another beautiful and highly poetical cus tom of the Irish peasant girls is that of gather ing the first May dew to bathe their faces. For that purpose they go out before sunrise on May morning ” (as the first morning of the fair month is distinctively styled) and gather the dew from the leaves and flowers. as heavy as lead—it’s a load to carry, so it is. I wish Jerry Pierce hadn’t shot the purty younsr gentleman, an’ made that ugly hole in his white forehead—och! what made him do it, at all ?” So saying, poor Mabel glided away noise lessly as she came, leaving Celia well pleased to get rid of her (to her) torturing prattle, which had somehow renewed all her troubles in her mind, and left her a prey to the most excruciating misery. Still the silent moon shone down on the slumbering earth as calmly as though no stormy passion, no gnawing grief, was at work amongst the children of men. But the world never sleeps, and the peaceful sheen of the cold pale moonbeams, as they rested on the earth and on the dwellings of men, was but a mockery after all. Beneath the glitter ing guise which nature wore that night, the tide of human life was rushing on, and hearts were throbbing in the wildness of grief and burning with the fever of mighty pas sion. (TO HE CONTINUED.) 