SELECTED POETRY. THE CLOSING SCENE. Within the sober realms of leafless trees. The russet year inhaled the dreamy air; tike some tanned reaper in hi a hour of ease. When all the fields are lying brown and bare. The grey barns looking from their hazy hills, O'er the dun waters widening in the vales, Sent down the air a greeting to the mills, On the dull thunder of alternate flails. All sights were mellowed and all sounds suhdaed, Th e hills seemed farther an d the streams sang lo .v, As in a dream the distant woodman hewed His winter log with many a muffled blow. The embattled forests, erewhile armed with gold, The banners bright with every martial hue, Now stood like some sad. beaten host of old, Withdrawn afar in time's remotest blue. On sombre wings the vulture tried his flight; The dove scarce heard his sighing mate's com plaint; And, like a star slow drownirgin the light. The village church vane seemed to pale and faint. The sentinel cock upon the hillside crew Crew thrice—and all was stiller than before. Silent-, till some replying warder blew Bis alien horn, and then was heard no more. Where erst the jay within the elm's tall crest Made garrulous trouble around her unfledged young; And where the oriole hung her swaying nest, By every light wind like a censer swung; Where sang the noisy martins of the cave3, The busy swallows circling ever near, Foreboding as the rustic miad believes. An early harvest and a plenteous year; Where every bird that walked the vernal feast Shook the sweet slumber from its wings at morn, To warn the reaper of the rosy east— All now ws3 sunless, empty, and forlorn. Alone, from out the stubble, piped the quail, And croaked the crow through all the dreary gloom; Alone, the pleasant drumming in the vale, ' Made echo in the distant cottage loom. There was no bud, no bloom upon the bowers; The spiders wove their thin shreds night bynight, The thistle down, the only ghost of flowers, Sailed slowly by -passed noiselessly ont of sight. Amid all this—in ihe most dreary air, And where the woodbine shed upon the porch Its crimson leaves, as if the year stood there, Firing the floor with its inverted torch Amid all this—the centre of the scene, The white-haired matron, with monotonous tread, Plied the swift wheels, and with her joyless mien Sat like a fate and watched the flying thread. She had known sorrow—he had walked with her, Oft supped, and broke with her the ashen crust, And in the dead leaves still she heard the stir Of his thick mantle trailing in the dust. While yet her cheek was bright with summer bloom Ber country summoned, and she gave her all, And twice war bo wtd to. her his sable piume— Be-gave th8 swoid to rust upon the wall. Be-gave the sword, but not the hand that drew And struck for liberty the dying blow; Nor fcim who, to his sire and country true. Fell mid the ranks of the invadiDg foe. Long, hut not loud, ths drooping wheel went on, I.-bc ihe low murmur of a hive at noon; Long but not loud, tbe memory of a gone 3 >-aihes through her lips a sad and tremulous ; lore. At' ,-t tbe thread was snapped—her head wa3 bo .ved, Life dropped ihe distaff through her hinds serene, And loving neighbors smoothed ber careful shroud, V hile death and winter closed the autumn scene. 