JAOOBI'S WIFE. . ... BY ADELINE SERGEANT, Author of Her Work in Life/* " Beyond RecaU, ft Story ol the Egyptian war," &c.;, 4c. CHAPTER XXXIX.—{Continued.) "Of course she will. "What extraordinary ideas you have got in your mind ?" said Jacobi, •with a glance which was not a particularly pleasant one. " It is the most common thing in the world to give people a little dose to make them sleep soundly. I often take one myself. I have often given one to Sir Wilfred And MisB Vanborettgh," " Well, I don't know," Patty began, hesitatingly ; but Jacobi interrupted her with some sharpness. " Do yon want the ten pounds I promised yon or do you not? If you do you must earn it." Patty began to whimper. " I'm sore I'm ready enough to earn it," she said plaintively. ' It s only that I don't want to do any harm to Joan, If you're quite sure that she won't be hurt I dent mind." " I did not know you were so fond of your precious sister-in-law," Bald Jacobi, with & sneer. " However, as yon are so anxious about her welfare, I can assure you that my medicine will not have the slightest injurious effect. Now are you ready to do what I tell you ?" " Yes," said Patty, in -e> submissive tone. Jacobi produced a tiny bottle from his pocket. * • Look here. I have mixed the exact dose in this bottle. All you have to do is to pour it into her tea and let her drink it. There is neither taste ncr smell, and she will never dream of anything being amiss. She will be fast asleep in half an hour, and will not wake till morning. In an hour's time from the moment when you give her the cup of tea, go to her, take the bag from her neck, and bring it to me." " Suppose she wakes up ?" said Patty, fearfully. *' She can't wake. She wouldn't wake if a wagon and four horses drove through the room. You needn't be afraid. Then bring the bag and all that it contains to me." " But what shall I say in the morning ?" said Mrs. Seth Darenth, in helpless tones. " She will ask if I came into her room—if I know anything about it; she will tell father and Seth. What shall I do ?"i " You little fool, you'll put the bag back when I've got out of it what I want. She will never know it has been touched unless Bhe looks into it; and that perhaps she will never do. So calm your mind, Patty, my dear, and go and earn your ten pounds. It is half-past-7 o'clock now. We shall not get our business done till 9. Your husband won't be home before half-past 9 or 10. We hava not too much time after all. Go and make her tea." " When will you give me the ten pounds ?" " When you come back with the bag. See here," and Jacobi displayed upon the palm of his hand ten golden sovereigns. "These will be yours, pretty Patty, as soon as ye have earned them." Patty smiled, nodded, and departed with the bottle hidden in her hand. Jacobi seated himself on a block of wood, and calmly resumed the smoking of his cigarette. " I don't want any tea, really, Patty," said Joan some ten mintues later, when Patty appeared at the bedside with a cup and saucer in her hand, and a rather flushed, excited face. " You must drink it now I have made it on purpose for you," said Patty, quickly. 'J Why, I thought you would be glad of it, Jean. I'm sure it would send you to sleep, and take your headache away." " More likely it would keep me awake," said Joan, with a faint laugh. " Well, as you have so kindly made it, Patty, I will drink it." She took the cup from Patty's hands, and drank its contents thirstily. She was evidently a little feverish. Patty stood by and watched fcer with frightened eyes. There was something diabolical in her simple eyes in the notion of sending people to sleep against their will. She said " good night" to Joan, and carried the enp and saucer downstairs, placing them carelessly in the scullery to be washed by one of the maids. Patty was not formed to be a conspirator. She suddenly remembered that she nad left the little bottle upon the table aftershe had emptied it into the cup of tea, and- she advanced hastily to the table in order to secrete it. But the bottle was not there. Patty felt a sudden qualm of fright. Then she consoled herself quickly. One of the stupid servants must have been inside the parlour and taken it away. She called out angrily— "Mary—Bessy—where are you?" And as Bessie, a red-cheeked damsel of sixteen, appeared, 'Mrs. Seth Darenth made her accusation. " How dare you take my things away? Where is the bottle I left on the table ?" "I ain't seen no bottle," said Bessy, opening her eyes. " What kind o' bottle was it, mum ?" "The bottle .1 keep my—my toothache mixture in," -said Patty, with a lie ready to hand. .It was nearly empty, but I granted to get it filled again. Be quick and look for it." Bessy hunted everywhere for the missing bottle, but could not find it. And Patty was forced to relinquish her search for it at lasi. though not without some misgivings that Mr. Jacobi would refuse her the .ten pounds if she did not return him his bottle. More than half an hour had elapsed since the administration of the sleeping-draught. Patty thought that she would go upstairs and take a look at Joan through her peep hole. s She must be asleep by this time. Curious: fact! Joan did not appear to be asleep at all. She was turning restlessly upon her pillow, and sighing now and then. Pattv watched her breathlessly. Surely Mr. Jacobi had not been mistaken? Was Joan not going to sleep after all ? There ! now she was quieter. She had not moved for some minutes. Was she sinking into slumber at last ? No, that she was not: she was sighing again, and turning restlessly as she had done before. Patty cast a frightened^glanceat a clock behind her. The time was speeding away, and Seth would soon be there. Could nothing be done to make Joan go to sleep ? She looked again. Joan was lying motionless upon her bed. " I believe she is asleep," said Patty to.herself. "Ive a good mind to go in now and take the bag." But even as these thoughts passed through her mind, Joan stirred. She sat up erect, and called out in a firm, clear voice— "Patty!" Patty gave a sudden start. Her first impulse was to imagine that Joan had in some occult way become aware of her sister-inlaw's watchful eye.at the hole in the partition, and to answer humbly even from her point of vantage. After that first moment of alarm, however, she scrambled down from the chair on which she had been standing and stood in the .middle of the room, her heart beating violently. And then her name was called again, and.she collected herself so far as to respond, and to make her way tremblingly into the passage. Joan appeared at the door of her own room, a tall, white figure, with her magniiiceat hair falling over her .shoulders, and her eyes -bright with unusual lustre. " Patty," she said, " my headache is gone, 'but I feel as if I should never go to sleep again. 1 am wide awake. If you like to .go to bed, 1 will dress and sit up for father and Seth. Tney are sure to be late." Patty Btared at Joan with guilty, dilated •eyes, and did not speak. "How white you look, Patty?" said her .sister-in-law. " You have been too Ionalone. I" will be down directly, and then yon can go to bed as soon as you like." She closed the door as she spoke. Patty stood for a moment transfixed by fright and astonishment, then ran softly downstairs, let herself out of the house, and sped toward the deserted building at the end of the orchard. Jacobi Opened the door as soon as he heardiier hasty tap. " What a time you have been 1" he said. " What has happened ?" In a few incoherent words she save him the history of the experiment. Me uttered a furious oath and ground his teeth with rage. "I must try some other way, then," he said, his brow contracting ominously. " And- my ten pounds, Mr. Jacobi ?" said Patty, nearly crying between vesation, disappointment, and fear. "I'm sure I've earned it, for it wasn't my fault if Joan didn't fall asleep. " Oh, I dare say you spilt the mixture or spoilt it in some way," said Jacobi, coolly. I m not going to pay you when I haven't got what I came for, Mrs. Seth Darenth." Then, seeing that she was oa the point of bursting into tears, he added, " There's a sovereign just now at any rate. We'll see about the rest later. Now you had better go home as quickly zs jwp^can or Joaa will suspect something. 1 want to get out of this abominable place as soon as possible." Patty came in from the garden looking so confvised and so anxious t!i£t a person must have been blind not to suspect that something was amiss. Joan wondered, but said nothing. She herself felt so restless and feverish that she wandered out into the cool evening air for refreshment. The opiate had the only effect of making her wakeful for the whole night, and leaving her wifck a slight headache next morning. Doctor Ambrose met her, as it happened, at the garden gate, when he paid his daily visit to Geoffrey, and asked what ailed her. She told him that she had spent a wakeful night, and that that was all. " Wakeful nights don't generally leave you H , with such pale cheeks," said t»e doctor, r regarding iter with some keennef??, " What robe?" g I den t know. I had a hradache and went to bed early. I thinka cup cf tea that I drank must have had something to do with it,' said Joan, siuilling a little, for one of her doctor's pet theories was based on the evil effects of too much tea and coffee drinking. " A bad thing—a bad thine," said Dr. Ambrose, seriously. " You will ruin your constitution. you know, if you will drink tea late at night, Joan. Now I must go and see my patient, I suppose." Neither of them had noticed the near approach of a man who had been working in the garden while they talked. He had a dark, sullen expression of countenance, but it softened a little as he touched his cap to Joan. She recognised him at once as Patty'sne'er-do-weelcousin, Joel Price. "Why, Joel," she said, "ldid not know that you were working here. How is your rheumatism?" "It'sbetter, Miss, thankee." ' Did you rub your arm with the stuff I sent you ? And did it do you good ?" The man granted out a sulky assent. Joan moved forward to join the doctor, when she was arrested by a few words from JoeL ' Look here," he said, " don't you go for to get Patty into trouble if 14iells yer something." "No," said Joan. "Yoe may trust me. What is it ?" " Yon was always kind to me," Joel went on, "and I don't like to see tricks played you. It was Patty as kept you awake. She put some stuff into your tea from a little Dottle—I see her from the window—and then she nodded to herself and said. 'That'll make her sleep now.' Here's tne bottle that she poured it out of. I got it while she went upstairs with your tea. She was joking belike. She's played me many a trick afore now, and I thought I'd be even with her for once." " Thank you, Joel," said Joan, taking the bottle from the man's hand quietly. "Don't say anything about it." " Not I. You won't get her into trouble for it neither, will you ?" "Certainly not. I am much obliged to you ?" Joan walked down the path and joined the doctor at the other end of the garden. " Well," he said, in the tone, half joking, half friendly, in which he sometimes accosted her, " you look as if you had seen a ghost. What have you got there ?" " Could you tell me what has been inside that bottle, Doctor Ambrose," she said. The doctor took it from her hand and looked at it suspiciously. " I might be able to tell you to-morrow," he said. "Shall I take it home with me and see ?" " Yes, please. But you must promise not to say anything about it to anybody." The doctor promised, wrapped the bottle in paper, and departed with it in his pocket. Joan awaited the result of his examination with some anxiety. But when the morrow came Doctor Ambrose's usual visit was omitted. On the following day, however, his assistant appeared in his place, with the news that tne old doctor had been taken suddenly Ul, and had been, for the last four and twenty hours, utterly incapable of movement or of speech. 