COUNTRY NEWS. ([FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] , ST. MARY'S,. The members of the Band of Hope hold their monthly meeting on Friday evening, 10th Inst., in Mr. Legge's Sunday school, room. There was a very good attendance of members and others interested in tem- perance work generally. Owing to the unavoidable absence of the president Rev. Mr. May), the chair was ably occupied by Mr. Cramp, who, in a few well-chosen and suitable words, introduced the subject of the evening. The programme was a very lengthy one, consisting of readings, recitations, vocal and instrumental music, and was very creditably gone through. Miss Lade, as usual the bonne grace, presided at the harmonium, to whom valuable assistance was rendered by Mr. Lade on the violin. Mr. Cramp read a piece, entitled "In Liquor," which was loudly applauded. His other heading, "A Ghost Story" and "The Lawyer Outwitted," were also very well received. Mr, Campbell read a short extract from the Queen's new book, being a graphic description of the mountain scenery in the Highlands of Scotland, which was very attentively listened to. Mr. D'Emden read in hlsuaual taking style "The Speech of Sergeant Buzfuz" and " Contest Between Nose and Eyes." Mr. Geo. Goddard read an original essay on " Man," which was fresh, well-arranged, and contained matter for deep thought and consideration. Mr. Lohrey read a humourous piece, entitled "Codfish and Oysters," which concluded with the sago moral not to depend on the favour of others. A dialogue, designated interested kindness, of the magical power of money," in which Messrs. Cramp, Campbell, and Goddard took part, was very well sustained and vociferously cheered. Miss Lohrey, German Town, recited with good taste a nice temperance piece, and Mr. Campbell recited a piece called "British Freedom." Songs and duets agreeably diversified the proceedings of the evening. "The bit of blue " was very well given by Mrs. Stevens and Miss Phillips, as was also a solo given by Miss Phillips, entitled "Call me not back from the scholars bore." Mr. Lohrey sang in very good style, " Tara's Hall [' and "Isle of beauty, fare thee well. During the interval several came forward and took the pledge. The audience was kept in good order hythe vigour and earnest ness of the chairman. A very enjoyable and agreeable evening was brought to a conclusion by the singing of the hymn, " On what foundation do you build," and the chairman pronouncing the bonodiotion."''1'" - ' ; Earthquakes still continue sometimes three or four shooks in an hour. The weather is bitterly cold, especially nights and mornings, with slight frosts. On the morning of the 15th inst. we had a slight shower of snow. We are thus fully aware that winter is on us. May 19. ';?'..,< [from a correspondent. It ' BLUE TIER. ' ' This district has once more been treated to one of Tassy'a usual mining freaks. All through the summer months people were weeping for a supply of water in order to have the necessary power to drive our great wheel at the Anchor. At length this great weeping brought forth a torrent of tears until the creeks and rivers are flooded, and sufficient water is now running down the River Groom to turn 20 of such wheels. But, lo I an order from headquarters suddenly stops the wheels, and there it is, just like my grandfather's clock, perhaps never to go again, just because the old man had, for some shareholder "busted up" through over sanguine expectations. This country has been treated to so many of these freaks that it is quite monotonous to write about them, in this particular case all must admit that the wheel was get In motion fully six months before its legitimate time. The mining done did not warrant anything like perpetual motion of the wheel, yet it would have been wise to have had one month's fair spin. Much guessing has r prevailed about this mine, some say it is a lode, others say it is only Loose stones of tin fallen from higher levels. My opinion is that it is a sort of lodes running parallel, and the surface portion Is an upheaval. No doubt at a depth (the lode may be well defined, and the a Hair will yet become valuable property. Yesterday I visited the Masher T.M. Co.'s property, situated on a large hill about four miles from the Tiers. I found a small party of Chinamen making an excavation and washing the dirt excavated. This, to my thinking, is a decomposed lode 8ft. wide. The walls are well defined, running into the hill, the excavation is 28ft. long, 9ft doon. A shaft 17ft. is down in the centre of the excavation, the whole of which is soft, easy working, and up to 10 per cent, of very rich tin ore. Local shareholders are anxious for town holders to view the mind and knock off tinkering with it, as tons of tin can be sent away without the cost of machinery erection. This week we have been visited by the, new proprietors of Bayley's Lease. They have not sufficiently matured their plans to [ give information respecting their modus operandi. This mine may be looked upon as almost virgin ground, the work done on It being of a character hardly worthy of notice, beyond a handsome residence erected for the manager to reside in. The late rains are doing good service to be ibu tors, who are working with fair results on the high levels, which ground can only be worked in such seasons. But, while it is a benefit in one way, it causes a loss in loosening the roots of trees, causing same to block up our roads and pack tracks ; but thanks to our trustees, who have suddenly awoke from their lethargy and given orders for the clearance of the same, the inconvenience will be soon allayed. It is a pity our trustees do not put forth some scheme for borrowing, say, £200, to have all the trees within reach of the road felled. Some good axemen have expressed their willingness to clear them at 2s. 6d. each. This would do the thing at once, and save hundreds sterling, and also lighten our darkness. May 17 