Dorothy Forster.* By Waxxee Besant. Chapter X. — ( Continued .1 They came, therefore, across the moors for the sake of the sport, or for friendship with Tom, or to enjoy the s nging and playacting of the Jester, or perhaps some of them— 1 know not— on account of myself. It is nigl upon thirty years ago. Alas ! the pleasant times are gone. Wherefore let me, without boastfulness, but with grati tude, remember the days of my youth,- when men took pleasure in such beauty as had been granted to me. I could tell (but refrain, because this book is not about myself, but my brother) how Ferry Widdrington and Ned Swinburne quarrelled about me, and were like to fight— the foolish boys— as if running each other through the ribs would make a girl love either of them any the better. I had a great aeai to ao witn mem ; tor, nrsr, it you please, tneir honour was concerned ; then they had said such words to each other as required, and would have, the shedding of blood ; next, they were old friends from childhood, aud it was a shame for each to treat the other so : they would be revenged ; lastly, what right had either to interfere when it was plain that the other was in love with Dorothy ? I told these boys that they were a couple of fools ; that if they fought I would never epeak with either of them again ; that ae for their religion, they were undeserv ing the name of Christians, who must forgive oue another ; and that, if they wanted farther speech of me, they must immediately sliake hands and be brothers again. At last they consented, and, witn melancholy faces, shook hands upon it. Why they were sad over the business I know not, because this handshaking saved the life of one and might have given the other a bride, only that the lady, when their hands had been given, told them she was sorry, but ehe could take neither. So they went away glum, and would not forgive me for a long time. There was also young Tom Clavering, who gave much trouble, being more frsistent than most, and had to be spoken to very plainly. might certainly have married one of these young gentle men, but I know not how the family pot would have been kept boiling, or a roof kept over our heads, for they were all younger eons, with a poor forty pounds a year at most for all their portion, and the great family house to live in while they pleased; and not one with any thought of bettering himself. Young men think tnat the pot is filled with wishing, and that love provides beef as well es kisses. They were brave and gallant boys. Much I loved to see their hearty faces and hear their merry laugh ; but I could not regard them with the favour which they wanted, and for a very good reason — because there was another man who had already fired my heart, and in so much that, beside him, all other men seemed small and mean. This, then, was the manner of our life at Blanchland, among the ruins which the old monks had left and their melancholy ghosts. Sometimes I, who was as strong of limb and as well able to do a day's march as as y, would go with the gentlemen when they went shooting. Pretty it is to natch the dogs put up the game— the grouse running in the after, the ewift whirr of the coveys, and tho snipe, with, their quick flight and their thousand t listings and turnings, designed to deceive the huntsman and to escape his shot. Sometimes I would don riding dress (but not coat, hat, and wig, as some- ladies are reported to do nearer London) and ride with them after the fox, well pleased it, as often happened, Master Reynard es raped the hounds, putting the hounds off the scent by crossing a stream ; or, bat this was seldom, I would get up early in the morning, and go with them otter- hunting, which is too rough a sport for a girl and too cruel, with the fighting of the dogs and (he killing of the poor brute at the end. Atter every party there was the finish of the day, with the feast — rough and plenty — the flowing of small ale, stout October, and whisky punch, and Mr. Hilyard, always ready after his first glass or two to play Jack Merryman for the company ; and the Rev. Mr. Patten, if he was there, ready to bow lo v at every remark which my brother might make, and to eiy ' Hush when he was going to speak, and to sigh when be bad spoken as if Solomon himself bad uttered out of his boundless wisdom another proverb. When the punch be gan to go round I withdrew. One of the most frequent visitors, as I have paid alrealy, was this Reverend Robert Patten, Vicar of Allenheid, for whom at the very outset I conceived a violent dislike. He ceme, I doubt not, partly in order to ingratiate himself with one who had two livings in his gift, and partly in order, if possible, to obtain a recommendation to the Bishop, and partly in order to get at another's expense as much drink as he could carry— and more. For my own part, I deplore the practice of taking too much wine, even among gentlemen, but in a clergyman it is truly s:andalous. As for the enmity between Mr. Hilyard and th:s disgraceful minister that by no means abated, but quite the contrary, so that, after the formal greeting, they exchanged not a single word, both making as if the other were not present. At last I asked Mr. Hilyard for the cause of this bad blood between them. ' It seems to me,' I said, ' that Mr. Patten, whom I confess I like not, is open to no other charge than that of drunkenness, which alone should not make him hateful in your eyes. We must not, Mr. Hilyard, j udge our brethren too severely.' ' It is true,' he said, ' that the sight of his sleek face and thick lips makeB me angry, and sometimes almost beyond myself. Yet I pray, Miss Dorothy, that you hold me excused.' This I would not do, but pressed him to tell me all, which he did after much hesitation. H A Christian must not hate his brethren,' said Mr. Hilyard, ' but he may, I suppose, regard him with contempt. It is with contempt that I look upon Bob Patten. Know, therefore, Miss Dorothy, that we were at Oxford together, and of the same college. If I may say it without vanity, my parts were tolerable ; but Bob was ever a dull 'dog. Had I not imitated the part of the Prodigal Son, I might now have been a grave and reverend Fellow— perhaps the Tutor.' He had already told me of his foolish conduct as regards the satire against one of his snperiors. 'Alas! the temptations of the world, the flesh, and the Devil are greater to some than to others. There are, I am sure, many men who are tempted by none of the things which drive some of us to madness. I am myself drawn as by strong ropes whenever I hear the sound of a fiddle, the clinking of a glass, and the voice of those who laugh ; if there is a church on one side the street, and a thratra on the ? The right of publication in Australia has been purchased by the proprietors ef the Sydney Kail. other, I have no choice, bnt must needs go info the theatre. This was my ruin. Thongh I studied in the morning, I drank, and sang, and made verses in the evening. Sol become known to the proctors and an object of suspicion.' ' But what has this to do with Mr. Pattefi?' ' Creeping Bob neither sang (because his voice was like the grating of rusty nails upon a slate 1, nor drank (beoause no one would give him or trust him), nor made merry (having been born on the shady^side of the street), nor offended prcctors and tutors, hoping maybe, but in this he hath keen mistaken, to make up for muddy wit by a nice morality, and perhaps to get a Fellowship and a fat College livicg. This conduct made him deservedly popular with his fellows, and gained him the glorious title of Creeping Bob. As he was then so he is now.' ' But, Mr. Hilyard, ought the prejudice of youthful days to be considered sufficient cause for so great a con tempt ?' 'Nay — but there is more. For certain small natural gifts ' — he assumed an air of humility which was nothing in the world but pride in a vizard — ' which have been my plague — namely, that 1 could make epigrams (yet Martial himself was always a dependent on patrons, and lived iu poverty) and verses, (poets are allowed to be a ragged race) and orations, whether in Latin or in English, and either in the comical or the serious vein, and could in half an hoar write more and better to the point than dull-witted pates Buch es Bob can do in a year, do I got a reputation, and was presently regarded with terror by every Doctor of Divinity and reverend person in the University, because whatever was whispered of scandal, as of one grave Professor being carried home brimful of punch, and another— but these are old stories— suffice it that the next day there was dished up, hot and hot, such a course of verses, satires, epigrams, aud secret history as made the Fathers ot the University tremble. And though they knew the hand which wrought these verses, they could not prove the fact. ' Perhaps 1 had still escaped but for a dastardly act of crowning treachery ; for I had got safely to my third and lest year] wnen I ought to have been presenting myself for a degree in Arts, with my string of syllogisms. Then, in deed, my life would have been different ; instead of a ser vant— whose fetters, Miss Dorothy, you have most gene rously covered with silk ' — he bowed low and his voice stuck — ' I say, generously covered with the finest silk, 60 that they have not galled the limbs of him that wears them, I might have been now a great preacher, or a grave scholar, a credit to my father's care, and a monument and a proof of answer to his prayers. Yet L lost all for the glory of a single set of verses.' I knew already that he had committed this great mad ness. It ceems incredible that young men can be found so eager for applause that they will even stake the hazard of a life upon the laughter of au hour. But this Mr. Hilyard did. ' As for my oration at Commemoration, that,' he went on, ' might have been passed over, .though there were angry threats uttered. Yet it was allowed that a better oration than mine had never been made by any Terras Filius in the memory of man. What did my business was a satire on the Yice-Cbancellor. which the next day went about from college to college. There was no name to it, but everybody knew who wrote it. This gave them an excuse for bringing forward my speech before the Heads, and while one wanted me to be forgiven, and another to write me for two years in the Black Book, and another to send me down altogether, lo you ! the President of my College settled the matter for me, for he lugged out of his pocket a letter iu which the writer, whose name he withheld, said he felt moved by the extraordinary tenderness of his conscience to disclose the fact that the author of the satire was no other than Mr. Antony Hilyard, of his own College, and offered proof, not only as regarded the last production, but of every epigram and squib about which noise had been made for a whole twelve months. After that there was no more to do. They sent for me, the letter was read before my face, and I was expelled. The writer of the letter was no other than Creeping Bob. This the President himself afterwards told me. If I bad been Ariatides himself they could no more unanimously have voted my expulsion.' This, then, was the reason of his animosity. Certainly, no one can deny that it was a good and sufficient reason. ' Doth Mr. Patten know—' ' I believe he knows it not. Yet, he who has once injured a man always fears that man, aud would injure him again if he could. There is away in which he could do me another wrong. I doubt not he wfil some day discover this method.' ' But how can he hurt you now ?' ''When I was expelled, there was nothing for it but to run before my creditors in the town got wind of my misfor tunes. It is ten years age, but creditors never foiget, and, were they to learn where to find me, a debtors' prison would be my lot. If Mr. Patten is so officious as to tell any cne in Oxford — well, at nineteen one is a fool, but sometimes folly is punished worse than crime* I had no right, being penniless, to have debts.at all ; nor should I, the son of a vinter, have presumed to wear white linen, lace ruffles, and silver buttons. Yet I did, trusting to pay when I was made a Fellow, as is the custom at the Univer sity. 'Wherefore I go daily in terror of the bailiffs, and at night lie down thinking tnat Newcastle gaol is my certain end.' ' Surely a minister of the Church would not ? ' ' Bob Patten would if he thought of it. As for the mis chief which he tries to work between his honour and myself, there, indeed, I defy him.' So for the present the conversation came to an end. But I turned the matter over in my own mind, and watched the two. I saw that Mr. Patten still cast upon the man whom he had injured malignant scowIb when he thought himself unobserved, and I found an opportunity to converse privately with him as well. I began by asking him whether he had known Mr. Hil yard in former times. He confessed that their acquaintance was of old times, when they were ycung and at the same College together, though, he added, they were never friends or of the same way of thinking. For which he piously thanked Heaven. Thereupon, I asked him, further, if there were any thing, so far as he remembered, against the private character of Mr. Hilvaid — other than might be alleged against any young man. Here Mr. Patten hesitated. Presently, he said that as regards character a great deal might be said ; but, indeed, a young man who was expelled the University for intolerable license, railing accusations, exaggerated charges, and un speakable disrespect towards his snperiors, had need of all that could be said for him ; still he would say nothing, only that, as he had reason to believe, there were many tradesmen of Oxford, honest creatures who had trusted his word, and now would gladly know where Mr. Hilyard could be found. Upon this I stopped him short, and informed him in plain language that, as no one could tell these tradesmen except himself, he must understand, once and for all, that the favour of Mr. Forster, if he hoped anything from it, depended on his observing silence. ' Let there be,' I added, ' no letters of a tender conscience, Mr. Patten.' — At this he started and looked confused. — ' I say, let no letters of a tender conscience be written. Remember that. Should anything be done by Oxford people, it shall certainly be laid at your door, though, to be sure, a body would be sorry if a godly minister, such as yourself, should suffer from so in jurious a suspicion.' Mr. Patten, who had turned first red and then pair, at mention of a letter of conscience, protested that he bore no malice towards Mr. Hilyard, aud that, so far as the Oxford people were concerned, he had nothing to make or meddle in tne matter. Then I went farther. 1 said that Mr. Hilyard had now been in the family for a great many years ; that he had always shown himself iaithfal, silent on occasion, and, honest; that he was a gentleman of most ingenious mind' and great parts; that not only Mr. Forster bnt also Lady Crewe entirely trusted him ; wherefore, if any distrust should arise in the minds of these, or either of these two, it could be none other than the work of s private enemy ; and I plainly bade Mr. Fatten beware, lest, through any hostility \- of his own, he should cause such a distrast, because, in such a care, he would have others besides Mr. Hilyard to encounter, and the truth should be wholly laid before the Bishop. He protested sgain that nothing was farther from his thoughts than to create any such mischief ; that he was a m&n; who loved peace and friendship, a man who forgave his enemies, end heaped coals of fire on all calumniators, and so forth. But he looked aegrv and troubled, his fat lip* shook, end his small pig.like eyes winked. Enough of this villain for the present. Chapter XL— DAPHNE. I have not yet spoken of our most honoured visitors the three Kadcliffe brothers. They all came often, but the eldest most often. The reason of his coming you shall presently discover. As for all the three, though they con formed to our customs, and especially in the hospitality for which the North is famous (to the destruction of many a fine estate), they loved not to sit long over their wine, and left the table when the night was yet young, aud the bottle but just beginning. The example of Lord Derwentwater's manners eomewjiat shamed our young gentlemen of their rusticity, though it drove them not from the whisky punch. Thus Tom, for instance, began to take part in. discourse which was serious and grave, as ladies like it. With the assistance of Mr. Hilyard and my Lord, we held a great many conversations on those curions matters — theological philosophical, scientific, and so forth— which do most concern thesonl. To 'recall eome of these old conversations of a happy t me, the question was onee argued by us whether Abraham was not the first institntor of public schools ; and again, why the Fallen Angel is called alike the Son of the Morning and the Prince of Darkness ; and another, whether a good painter may not draw a face better and more beau tiiul than any yet made ; and whether it is right for a good patriot, who loves his countiy, and should desire to beget children for its defence, to become a monk or a nun * whether eyes or tongue help most to love; why a wet sheet tied round a cask prevents the liquor from freezing in the hardest weather ; whether the fall of Lucifer was the occa sion of the creation of the world; what is the best argument to prove the existence of God; whether the death-watch gives a long or a short notice ; why Alexander called his horse Bucephalus ; how the flying of kites may be improved to the public advantage ; why fish taken from the salt sea taste fresh ; wl at sort of Government is best ; who are Gog and Magog; why the stork is never found except in a Republic ; who was the father of Louis the Fourteenth ; whether the best times are already past, or are yet to come— with many other questions and curious problems, invented or found for us by Mr. Hilyard, who enriched every discus sion with so great a flow of learning as astonished those able to follow and understand him. It was pleasing at thefse times to observe the shamefacedneas of those gallant boys, Perry Widdington and Nod Swinburne; how they listened, and pretended to be regarding the speaker and his manner of dealing with the subject in hand ; and how, pre sently, they either fell asleep or stole gently away, and so to their tobacco and October. 'My Lord,' said Tom, 'is a gentleman of the finest breeding ; yet, hang it, he won't drink. He can ride with the best, and shoot with the best— pity that so strong a man should have head so weak.' ' In Paris, replied, 'it is, happily, not the fashion for gentlemen to drink.' ' Na— na. Fashion — fashion — we gentlemen of tho North care nothing for fashion. Drinking will never go out of fashion in this country. A man ought to sit with the company and see the bottle out, not to go up with a ' By your leave, gentlemen/ and so off to the women before the toast goes round half-a- dozen times. Let me tell yoa, sister, my Lord and his brothers will never be truly popular till they learn to take their glasses about with tho rest.' Tom was wrong, because the Earl's good heart made him everywhere beloved. It is better, methinks, to carry all hearts by generosity and virtue than to be popular in a company of gentlemen for strength of head, like any Timothy Tosspot. Why, Mr. Hilyard was popular among those who knew nothing of his scholarship and fine quali ties, because he wss never known to fall nnder the table while there was another man still sitting up. Any brewer's man mffv become popular for the same cause. ' My Lord Derwentwater, said Mr. Hilyard himself, who was not, in spite of his own practice, a respector of those who love strong drink— see how men can admire virtue, and even love her, yet still practice what they despise ! ' My Lord is all goodness, I .think. He reads booke; he hath received a liberal education from the Jesuit Fathers', and oaa quote from Tully, the Mantuan, and even the great Epicu rean poet. It is long, indeed, since so great a nobleman was also so good a scholar. At the Univervity of Oxford, alas the sons of gentlemen and noblemen are encouraged to pass their time in any pursuit rather than reading. And iu Northumberland the gentlemen have been too busy, until late years, upon their border frays to regard learning greatly. My Lord is truly a Phoenix among them. Pity that he etUl adheres to the old religion. Faith, Miss Dorothy, may surpass reason ; but must not oppose it. Yet, as hath been well observed, religion lieth not so much in the understand ing as in the practice.' Thus it happened that on many occasions my Lord wonll leave the gentlemen over their cups aud sit with me, con versing on all kinds of subjects, such as his relations with the Prince, his life in Paris, and his projects for the future. He opened up his mind to me in such a way as only a young man, in the society of a woman whom he trusts, can open his mind. I may truly say that I found him always inclined to good works, of the most benevolent disposition, and full of kindness, without any meanness, vice, or blemish in his character. Why do I say these things ? His nobleness is so well known that for me to add my testimony is but like carrying coals to Newcastle. One thing I learned very plainly, that my Lord, though of so great a name and estate, desired nothing in the world so much as to remain in ease and retirement ; to be what his great-grandfather had been (there is no happier lot in the world), a plain country gen tleman, and so to live and die. Yet with such loyalty that he knew well, and acknowledged, that when the Prinoe's followers made a serious effort, he, too, at risk of all, most arise and go with them. Wherefore he prayed daily that the voice of the nation might pronounce — yea, shout loully — for the Prince, so that a Restoration, not a Rebellion, might foUow. But for vapouring conspirators he had no patience, and to such he would never listen. ' It give me pleasure,' he said (so kindly was his heart), ' to convere with yon, fair Miss Dorothy; nowhere else do I find so kind a listener. For if I talk with my brother Frank, he presently flies into a rage at the country's treatment of Catholics ; and if to my aunts, they reproach ma for Inke warmness towards the Church, whereas. Heaven knows— but that may pass ; and if to your brother, he falls into his caps, and then he may say one knows not what. Ther is wisdom in your face — which I have made to blush— forgive me. Dorothy,' he whispered, 'have your lovers never written any verses on your bluBhing cheeks? ' I told him that gentlemen in Northumberland do not make verses on ladies at all. Afterwards I told this pretty compliment (which was made with all respect) to Mr. Hilyard, who laughed, and said that it was high time for the Muses to exchange Parnassus for the Cheviot, or for Spindleton Henghs at least. '1 hen my Lord began to tell me of the ways in Paris, and how the ladies were called by names other than their own, sometimes a name made by an anagram, and sometimes by a name taken from classical story. ' As for you,' he said, ' you should be called Daphne, after the nympth who was turned into a laurel. Daphne or Dorothy, which may I call you?' We were walking along the south bank of the stream, where it rises in a hill, and is eovered with hanging wools. Tom was gone a shooting, and, though it was already late in the year, the yellow leaves were still upon the trees, ana there were flowers yet among the grass. ' Daphne or Dorothy — which?' Oh, my Lord, I am a plain country girl, and know not the language of gallantry.' II Heavens ! ' he replied, u If such a face could be sw in the land where this language is talked ! But that, fair Daphne, is impossible. The French ladies are gracieutes , but they have not the beautiful face and figure of oar English women, any more than their country has the charms of this, which is surely the garden of all the world.' 