LOCAL AND GENERAL The Cascades Asylum .— Ministers are determined that the Cascades Lunatic Asylum is to remain among the public institutions of Tasmania, and they are now preparing to remove the idiots from the New Norfolk Asylum to the Cascades. To this end the meat store at the latter building is now being prepared for the reception of the unfortunates above alluded to, and we believe some of the other lunatics at present at New Norfolk will also be sent to the Cascades. Tasmanian Racing Club .— At a Committee meeting of the Tasmanian Racing Club held yesterday, Messrs R. D. Bond, of Melbourne, and. P. G . Monaghan, of Launceston, were appointed joint handicappers for the Summer Meet of the Club. This will he good news for owners, especially those of local horses, for with all due respect to Mr Bond’s well-known abilities as a handicapper, Mr Monaghan’s knowledge of the capabilities of the Tasmanian contingent will prove invaluable in fixing the weights of horses competing. The manner in which Mr Monaghan brings his fields together when handicapping for our country meets, is the best credential he could possess for the more important work entrusted to him, and the result of his joint labours with Mr Bond will, no doubt, prove satisfactory alike to owners and the sporting public. City Police Court.— At the City Police Court this morning Mr W. Tarleton, P.M., and Mr Alfred Crisp, J.P., presided. James King, for disturbing the peace in Brisbane street at 1 o’clock this morning, was fined 10s, or 14 days. The case Carr v. Carr, for maintenance, lapsed, owing to both defendant and complainant not appearing. Michael Gleeson proceeded against Samuel West for a breach of the Masters' and Servants’ Act, in leaving his employ before his term of service had expired. Defendant pleaded not guilty. After the evidence of Mr Gleeson and Ruth Hardy had been taken, defendant was fined 5s, or 7 days, and to return to bis master’s service. John Rometch and Robert Batten were each fined 5s for driving without lights, the costs in each case being remitted. The Anglican Synod .— The Diocesan Synod met again yesterday afternoon shortly before 3 o'clock, the Bishop presiding as usual. Seyeral of the clergy and a few laymen were present, and there was also a fair attendance of the outside public. In answer a question from Mr F Mace, as to what had been done with the Buckland Endowment Fund, Mr. Tarleton said that, so far as he was aware, no funds bad as yet been received from the Buckland Endowment. The debate on Archdeacon Hale's motion - "THat marriages in church are to be encouraged, but if urgently required they may be performed in private houses" \- was resumed. The Revs. Canon Brownrigg, E . H . Thompson, J . M. Norman, C. Vaughan,. and others, opposed the motion, whilst Canon Banks-Smith thought. it deserving of support, at the same time suggesting that the matter should be dealt with by the General Synod . A lengthy discussion ensued, and the debate was closed by a vigorous and argumentative reply from the Venerable Archdeacon of Launceston. The motion being put, it was negatived by an overwhelming majority. Estimates for the half year, ending 30th June, 1885, were then proceeded with in committee, and those for the Southern and Northern Archdeaconries were, with amendments, agreed to, reported, and passed. The evening sitting was occupied mainly with the consideration in committee of the select report on Church finances, several sections in which were amended and passed. At 10,20 p.m., the Synod adjourned till 2.30 this afternoon. Exhibition Building —This popular place of amusement again received a fair share of public support last evening. After the overture Colonel Austin and Miss Oscar opened the proceedings, when some difficult shots were intro- duced, perhaps the most difficult one being that in which the rifle was held on top of the head, and fired at an object which Miss Oscar held in her hand. "Ireland, in Shade and Sunshine," never fails to create mirth and produce applause, Tom Buckley and Dave Gardiner being irresistible, and they are ably supported by the Misses Vivian and Mr Alec. Andrews. The latter’s rendering of “Home Sweet Home” last night was much appreciated. The Ghost Scene was very mirth provoking. Mr J. J . Belpitt (not Belpin, as mentioned in yesterday’s issue), who is in charge of the sliding changes of scenery, performed his duties without a hitch. He was equally suc cessful when connected with the Theatre Royal, Sydney. Herr Schott, with his talented band, made the promenade very enjoyable. The Hutchins School Sports .— The annual athletic sports in connection with the above school came off yesterday afternoon in the presence of a very fair number of spectators. The programme,which was a somewhat lengthy one, was gone through without a hitch. The first race, under 14 years, 150yds, was won by Seal, Walsh running a very good second. The next race, open, 100yds, was won by Hale, closely followed by Mackay. The third race on the programme, under 15, 100yds, was very well won by James, with Coburn a good second. This was followed by the under 13, 150yds, which was won by Giblin, with Seal close behind. The next item on the programme was vaulting with pole, which was won by Hale with a fine jump of 7ft 8in, with Brain second. The 440yds race, under 15, was won by James, with Hudspeth a good second. The high jump contest was won by Mackay, with Roberts second. This was followed by the Manx Race, which Bisdee and Pringle won very easily, the second men Andrewartha and Woolley being a long way behind. The 250yds, open, was won by Hale, with Bisdee a very good second. The 200yds race, under 15, was won by James, with Cox close behind. The 130yds hurdle handicap was wo n by Hale, closely followed by Roberts. The under 15 sack race, which was won by Innes, Lovett second, was very amusing, but not so much so as the obstacle race, which Stephens won after a hard struggle with Packer, who was second. The old scholars’ race was won by Prin­ gle, with Garrard second. The 440yds, senior race, was won by Bisdee, closely followed by Mackay. Giblin won the under 12. 100yds, with Ross a good second. The mile handicap, which was a capital race, there being 24 entries, was won by Reynolds, with Roberts second, and Maxwell third. The over 15 consolation race was won by Webster, and the under 15, by Cox. The sports were very enjoyable. St. Peter’s Hall —The first of a series of concerts in aid of St. Mary’s Cathedral Choir Fund was given at St. Peter's Hall last eyening, when there were a very large auditory. The programme was an excellent one, and was well carried out, encores being numerous. The following ladies and gentlemen took part in the performance :—Misses McLoughlin, J . Shea, L. Bell, F . Bingham, M. Ryan, Messrs C. McAllen, J . Shirley, P. J . Johnson, J. Connolly, T. H Newton, T. Shirley, and J. R. McCann. Several of the members of St. Mary’s Choir were also present, and rendered “Hail Smiling Morn” and Old Fowler” very effectively. Mr. J. R. McCann acted as conductor and pianist with his usual amount of proficiency. The programme was concluded with the National Anthem. Before the conclusion of the entertainment, the Rev. T. M. O'Callaghan returned thanks to all the performers. Patrick Street .—This street, which is increasing day by day as regards population and buildings is at present in a sad state of disrepair from one end to the other, and not only is it a disgrace to the city, but it is also an eyesore. From end to end the paths are wretched, and in most cases worse to walk on than the road. Between Murray and Elizabeth streets, on the New Town side, there is a some what deep cutting into an adjoining paddock, and the fence running along the path for the protection of pedestrians, is broken down, and the part of the street referred to is in a most dangerous condition. At the corner of Paternoster Row, in the same street, there is a large mud hole, or bog, which has been formed by a quantity of water running down the street there being no means of escape past the comer. The hole has already, on several occasions, proved itself to be a pitfall for the unwary, several persons in passing up and down the street having been bogged. It is to be hoped that the Corporation will see to the matter and have the defects remedied, as people in the locality have to pay high rates. Fun on the Bristol -Lovers of fun and of the mirthful have a real treat in store for them, for Sheridan’s musical comedy-oddity, “Fun on the Bristol,” will be placed on the boards of the Theatre on Friday night. The idea is a purely American one, being the experiences, fun, frivolities, and panics of a party during a night at sea on the run from New York to Boston, the scene principally being the gorgeous saloon of one of America's finest steamboats. To attempt to describe the plot would be vain, as it is the various “situations” which are the essence of the comedy, but, briefly it,may he said that Widow. O'Briens daughter haying eloped, the indignant parent follows them on board the Bristol, and ultimately, after under going a trying ordeal, comes to an amic able understanding with the captain of the vessel. The rest can only be ex- plained by Mr J. F. Sheridan (the widow) and his company, which embraces Misses Adeline Hynes, Fanny Sarony, May Livingstone; Messrs Meade, Freear, Dunbar, De Lorme, Sullivan, Hughes, and Wood. Wherever "Fun on the Bristol” has been produced it has created a furore, America, Great Britain, and the colonies having in turn revelled in its oddities, and the Press every where speaks in the highest terms of the piece. BOOK CATALOGUE - Messrs J. Walch and sons have sent us a copy of their Book Catalogue for 1885. This is a very creditable publication. It comprises the titles, description, and prices of 5000 works in all kinds of literature, and will be found useful to all students, as well as to heads of schools who intend selecting prizes Guide to Tasmania - For many years past the want of a reliable guide to Tasmania has been severely felt by tourists and visitors from the neighbouring colonies, This want will shortly be supplied by Mr Howard Haywood, who, during the past three or four years, has tramped to every township in the colony, and he has now in the publisher’s hands a thoroughly reliable and complete guide to Tasmania, enumerating the numerous "beauty spots” of the island, together with the means of travel, cost, accommodation, etc. Mr Haywood's knowledge of the colony is no book learning, nor is it derived second hand from the opinions of others; he has visited the districts he writes of, and gives his own impressions as obtained from personal inspection and experience. The new guide will be issued about the middle of December, and will, therefore, be ready for the bulk of summer visitors, who annually flock to the tight little island to escape the heat of an Australian midsummer. A pleasing ceremony — It is always pleasing to record instances of friendly relations between fellow workmen and their employers. A gathering exhibiting such relations took place last night, at Mr George Peacock’s store, Old Wharf. Mr. Charles Reis, who has been in that employ for 16 years, latterly in the capacity of overseer of the tin-makers, is about leaving to occupy a similar position in Mr. Peacock’s Dunedin business; and his fellow employees desired to mark their appreciation of his career and character, by an address accompanied by a Bible and handsome desk. The presentation was made last night, when all the hands met together, at the invitation of Mr Peacock. A capital tea was provided by Mr. C D. Haywood, under the superintendance of Mrs Peacock, who takes a kindly interest in the social well-being of the numerous people in Mr Peacock’s employ. After tea a social entertainment, with a long and varied programme, took place, and the presentation was made with a number of short addresses, in which Mr Charles Reis’ many good qualities were referred to. Mr Reis briefly thanked his fellow-workers for their kindness, and expressed his regret at leaving those with whom he had been so long associated. Cheers were given for Mr Reis and for Mr and Mrs Peacock. A capital orchestra was provided by the employees and a few friends, and Mr Peacock’s family and their friends, lent able assistance in the entertainment. Mr Charles Reis is well known in musical circles here as a violinist, being a performing member of the Philharmonic and other societies Larrikinism .— A woman named Margaret Spurrier, residing in Liverpool street, reported at the Police Station this morning, that at half-past 10 last night three young men burst in the door of her house, which fell upon her, scratching her face. She recognised one of them, against whom proceedings will no doubt be taken. Board of Education. — The usual monthly meeting of the Board of Education was held at the Board-room yesterday afternoon, there being present Messrs H . Hunter (chairman), W. F. Brownell, J. B. Walker, Inspectors T. Stephens and J. Rule. The secretary tabled the diaries of the Inspectors for the past month, together with other similar records. The secretary read correspondence between the Board and the Chief Secretary in connection with the Goulburn street new public school. Messrs Stabb Bros. having withdrawn their tender for that building the Board recommended that the tender of Mr W. H. Cheverton be be accepted, but the Chief. Secretary de cided that it would be better to call for fresh tenders, and this course was agreed to by the Board. It was resolved, on the recommendation of Inspector Rule to establish a school at Four-Mile Hampshire Hill Road, a school-house and residence being constructed also to estab lish a half-time school at Lachlan Village in connection with the Dry Creek School, on the recommendation of Inspector Stephens. Mr Stephens also recommended the acceptance of the offer of Mr Lucas, to provide a schoolroom and quarters for a teacher, if required, at Mountain River, as an experiment before building school premises, and the recommendation was approved. The Board also decided to repair the Bream Creek school, and tenders will be called immediately for the work. The application of the Local Board at North Motton for a new school in that district was acceded to, and Mr Stephens recommendation for increased accommodation at the New Norfolk school was adopted. It was further decided to purchase the site now under offer for the new North Bridgewater school, and to erect a school house capable of accommodating 60 chil dren with a teacher’s residence, the Chief Inspector eporting very favourably on the conduc orship of the school. The resigations of Miss N. Wallace ex-pupil teacher of the Elizabeth Street Launceston School, and Mrs Kate E. Reardon, Mistress of the Nugent School. The following appointments were approved: — Miss Annie Smith, paid monitor, Battery Point; Ada Walbourne, ditto, Elizabeth street, Launceston; Ada Sleightholm, ditto ditto; Master Edward Johnson, ditto ditto: Mr. J. Scott, teacher, St. Mary’s: promoted from Class 4, Division B, to Division A ; Miss M. A. Finnigan, Junior Assistant, Green Ponds, promoted from paid monitor; Mr J. Fitz- patrick, teacher, Rocky Cape, promoted from provisional teacher to class 4, division B .. A letter was received from Mr H. J. B. Lewis, secretary of the Teachers' Mutual Improvement Association, stating that at the meeting of the Association held at Latrobe on November 16, it was resolved that it is advisable that the visiting officers under the Compulsory Act should pay periodical quarterly visits to the public schools, and that the necessary steps should be taken by the Education Department to relieve teachers from the necessity of appearing as witness in the public cases. The.Board decided that the matter should receive immediate attention. Mr. J. C. Dooley wrote, stating that he had made an error in his tender for picket fence at the Ulverstone school, and the Board decided that if the work was carried out satisfactorily the Board would recommend that an application be received for the amount in error. An offer made by the Gynmasium Club for their instructor, Mr J. R. Price to have a gymnastic class for pupil teachers, was declined. In ­ spector Stephens reporting that the time of the pupil teachers was now fully oc­ cupied. Mr Hunter street stated that the Charles Street, Launceston, new-school was now completed, and the Secretary, was requested to write to the chairman of the local Board, asking him to have supervision exercised over the building till it was occupied. The Board then adjourned for a week. Sale of Goods - A sale of fancy goods, etc., in aid of the Union Chapel Fund, was opened at the schoolroom, Bathurst street, yesterday afternoon, by the Rev. Geo. Clarke, there being also present the Revs. J. W . Simmons, D. B. Tinning, Mr. J. G . Parker, and Mr. J. E. Salier. Mr Clarke gave a short address in advocacy of bazaars. He pointed out that they promoted a social spirit in the congregation of churches, and he thought that they were the best things to bring people together. In their dealings, he said, they should be f...., and the money made at bazaars should supplement, and not supersede, ordinary church collections. He thought that having bazaars was an admirable way for those who could not contribute money, but could give the result of their lobor as their contributions. In conclusion he urged on those present to persevere in such movements. The school hall was very tastefully decorated with flags and evergreens, and the stalls, some six in numb er, were very tastefully laid out. The goods offered for sale consisted of useful and ornamental articles, fancy goods children's clothing, flowers, refreshments, etc., a great number of which were sold during the day. Mesdames Arbery, Wookey, Meats, Peterson, Simmons, Thos. Ikin, Smith, Geo. Russell, Wm. Ikin, Messrs Hall, Howard, and Priest presided at the various stalls during the afternoon and evening. In the evening there was a large attendance, when several choice musical selec tions were given by Mrs, Farrow, Misses P. Sinclair, Dentith (2), and Mr A. W. Farrow. The ladies managed to dispose of a considerable number of articles, and the funds of the chapel will no doubt be considerably augmented by the proceeds of the sale. The piano used on the occa sion was kindly lent by Messrs J. Walch and Sons. Tea Meeting. — The usual annual tea meeting in connection with St. Andrew’s Church was given in St. John’s schoolroom last night, when about 120 people sat down to tea. The catering was done by Mr J . Hoggins, of Liverpool street, so that it is unnecessary to say that it was both plentiful and good. After tea the tables were cleared, and a social gathering was held, the Rev. J . Scott presiding. In the course of his address the rev. gentleman pointed out that if spared for another year, they would then be called on to celebrate the Jubilee of St Andrew’s Church, the present beautiful structure having been opened on the 15th November, 1835, by the late Rev. Dr Lang, of Sydney. He referred in terms of gratitude to the prosperity which they had enjoyed during the past year. After some addresses had been delivered by the Revs. W . H . Bowe, and J. Morton, of Ballarat, the Rev. J . Scott presented Mr T. Willison, late conductor of psalmody, with two handsomely bound volumes, on behalf of the choir and congregation of St. Andrew’s. Mr Scott referred to the length of Mr. W’s services to the Church, and the harmony that had always prevailed, but expressed the hope that they would yet work together for many years to come. Mr Willison replied in appropriate terms. The choir added much to the enjoyment of the evening, by excellently rendering some yery good selections of music. On the motion of Mr Alderman Riddoch, seconded by Mr D. Johnstone, a cordial vote of thanks was accorded to the ladies who had done so much to make the meeting a success, to the choir, and the speakers. The proceedings closed with the benediction. Bankruptcy Court.— At the Bankruptcy Court this morning, Mr Charles Dowdell, shipowner and merchant, trading under the style of C Dowdell and Co., was examined at great length by Mr Giblin on behalf of the creditors. Mr Alfred Dobson appeared for the bankrupt, who attributes his present state of insolvency to heavy losses sustained in mining investments. In 1881 he had L3,800 to his credit, but since then he had been continually losing money. The Court adjourned at 1.10 sine die. Safety of the S Warretinna - We are glad to be in a position to state that the s.s. Warrentinna, which grounded on the George’s Bay bar on Friday last, is now safe alongside the George’s Bay wharf. Mr John Swan, Inspector of Police, received a telegram yesterday afternoon to the effect that the steamer had been successfully launched off the beach by Mr J. McNair, the mate, and that she was alongside the George’s Bay wharf at 1.30 pm. Hospital Case .— This morning Robert Billing, aged 12, was treated at the Hospital for abrasions of the hand and arm, caused by getting caught in a sugar mill at the Tasmanian Confectionery Company's factory in Collins street. Another South Sea Outrage - By the arrival of H .M .S. Undine at Sydney, from a cruise in the South Sea, information has been received of another outrage at the New Hebrides, in which a white trader, named Joseph Booth, and two of his native boys, were killed. On the afternoon of 27th September (says The Age), Booth was buying cocoanuts from the natives at Port Stanley (Malicolo). When in the act of stooping down he was struck in the back of the neck by a tomahawk, and killed instantaneously. The savages then attacked his “boys,” killing two and wounding another, the latter, with a woman and another boy, escaping with their lives. They got away, and gave information of the massacre to Springfield, a partner of Booth’s, who took them to Sahsoon Bay; and the Undine, arriving there on 6th October, left for Port Stanley, where it was learnt that the natives had plundered the huts of Booth, and fired several shots into Springfield's hut, thinking he was there, but did not attempt to get inside. All the “trade” had been carried off, nothing but the heap of cocoanuts, with the blood of the murdered men on them, and a dead dog and some pigs, being left. The bodies of Booth and the two natives were found by a trader named Hutton, who accompanied the Undine party in their steam cutter, lying on some rocks, and they were buried. From inquiries made it appeared evident that the murders were committed by natives of the villages in the vicinity of Booth’s hut, in which, besides stores of various descriptions, there were £200 in money. The natives had, of course, fled, and as they could not be found, the blue jackets had, therefore, to return to their vessel ; but it is probable that, on Commodore Erskine receiving the news, a vessel will be at once despatched from the squadron, and sent to punish the natives for this gross outrage. Booth was a native of Boston, Lincolnshire, England, and was in the employ of the New Hebrides Company. The Entrance natives were thought to have had a share in the massacre; but they laid all the blame on the natives of Jon Jon. The Undine arrived at Havanna Harbour on 21st October. There they learnt that a copra-maker named Kind, a Swede, had been shot in his boat off Weasisi, at Tanna, and sail was made at once for the place, which was reached on 1st November, when little information could be obtained as to the truth of the matter, and the missionary and his wife residing there seemed perfectly contented to remain. News was then received of the wreck of the schooner Heron at Aneiteum, and the Undine proceeded there and found that it was true, but that the captain and Government agent had gone to Havanna. The Undine then returned to Sydney, via Noumea, experiencing some very heavy weather on the 16th inst, which, accompanied by a perfect deluge of rain, lasted until the 18th November. The Undine is now at anchor in Farm Cove. Dr, Sinclaire, the eminent dentist, arrived per Mapapouri, from New Zealand, this morning. He has taken offices at the Homeopathic Establish- ment of Dr. Benjafield, Elizabeth street. We direct attention to the advertisement of the Australian Mutual Provident Society in our special column. Mr. W. King, gold and silversmith, 56, Elizabeth street, wishes to thank his customers for past favours, and directs their attention to a large as sortment of jewellery lately received, suitable for Christmas presents. Mr. W.P. Edginton wants bakers and others to know that he has prime table potatoes for sale. Travellers and others will do well to peruse the advertisement of Mr. A. Burbury, re the various lines of 'busses that he has lately started for the convenience of the public. Messrs. Thomas Paterson and Co., of Dunedin, New Zealand, announce by advertisement that they are prepared to act as agents for the sale of Tas- manian timber, fruit and produce. Shippers can reply upon careful attention with quick sales and prompt returns, at reasonable charges. 