CORRESPONDENCE. (TheKditnr Joes not identify himself with the That Grave Scandal. (7V- tie Bdittr of the Logan IlifncM ) Pin, — r roni information r- coived I am happv to be enabled to exonoiatu the Duniuiial HoarJ for any bl«mc in connection vi h the above. I also take the opportunity of apolo gising to that hnily fur having implied the possibility of its having neon purtierpi rri mini: or ' accessories before or after the fact,' to soiiie'-liiiiS! very like the crime of sacrilege. It an,-e:i» that the responsibility Torlheevilf. aimpliiim.il .,[ rests oic'.mively upnn the Trustees of the cemeierv. I am rorrv for tills. bi-ounSB tlio Divisional lluant ? ?..nil better all'iinl lo gnu and near a charge ..f lh.- kind lufrrreii to titan .-an the Tru-tiea. The latter aru culluc-ivc'y an-i i-.divi.lu illv resuinpililt fir tile diichargn ? I Ili-ir dilliea tu tuu livinc and thu.UM.l. But Ih ? H.iard. n» a.imeonr ha« sni.l of any ,? ,rn..riit- l.oily, 'li»s lii-itlirr '. until ti lie suv.t uo .1 ? tn lo kicVe.1 ! ' It twin- Uiul Hie Tiuit e, ,ire iwf rat-|Kiiisii-le for tlie v.r.ote.1 li.inl.slmie au.l Crave (N. III) descrilnal in my l.iHt. As I mil li .formal, the fruvids or ic'ativet of the ne ieaie'l ueoujiaut of thut grnve nppiieil cu the (.'.ihininl Sicretmy for le.iv.' to remove tlio body ; Itvy obtained permi»i.ui to do 8 ), and they l(t the tumlMtnua mid grave in the trreiJtal cninlitiitu dstcnhnl in niv lust, letter. The Trustees are not rcapun-ililu for that, and I apologise for having implied that they were ; «u.l I must pitcud that apology tu (lie ciittlu frequenters of the cemetery whom- tjuilsi trerllc niaiilyiehattour and Christian formjarimcc iu nut hiviof* wrecked other tMiilutmiva and prize or ' honourable mcutiou' at the text A. S. show. Any bullock or row tbat got its Us or hoof entangled in the woolen or iron rails of a crave could lurch aimiuxt the tomb fitnue and wreck the grave quite as much as has been dene to grave N. Iu'. 1 notice that many vi the graves (uot fenced in) are ' trodden,' or may be suuk down go an to have no other surface distinction than the little tin ticket with their number ou. T.mt lost, they could scarcely be identihed as graves at all. If the mounds have thus be.n trodilen Anna, as apparently thoy have, the I'miiees would seem to have adopted, iu adjilioii to the German valediction quoted in mv last, the following, as a guiding principle of Irk it Tius teeabip :— ' Rattle bis bones Over the stones i For he's only a pauper Whom nobody owns. ? Although the cattle might not be puilly uf sciences of the Trustees to determine how far ihey would be iuvolvcd in that crime as acces sories to the commission of it, by having so long left the cemetery feuce in the dilapidated condition that admits if caltle trespassing upon and using it as an accommodation pad dock. THE BKENLEKiH QHOST. November 17. 