Sporting. CAtTLFjfcELJD TRAINING NOTES. (BY TELEGRAPH. PBOK ODB COSBSSPO&DEITr.;) JtfELStHTKEE. TtLUIBdaT. At OnfalSaia tffife morning Umbra «rka treated to'a, Tarn ou the saud, and then retired to ihe scrapin? sheds, as the rain came iloivu ib torrents. Chester and Nonsense were treated to topg slow exercise on tlie inner track. The former alterwatds pat iti a. couple of stcocg ? rounds alone. Don Quixote (witb. M. O'Brien up) and j Poleatar (tritk U. Bows up) vere disnatched for a mile spin. Tlie iJoa Iia4 wo long-ths the liest of ie. Botb finished strong mid well, lie Grand was treated to two serviceable turns on the gnus. He moved in fine stylo. He is a bit iazy* at first. Imt Boon 'aiiak.es off' -whoa set (toiup. Capri had Tissue as a com panion. The pair brushed otf from the mils post. O'Brien on the Cup horse -was hard at him alt the way, and be finished a. length in auvauce of his stable mate. The time T*aa verjfair. Counollv atarr-ed by tending Friendless and Syulion four tnmis on the inner track TVfo tutn3 ^rfert done at 4 good stronj pace. KautllUa went iong slow tmce Exercise oa the inner track. geijsare and Aug'ler were treated to a turn over the Echooiin^ hurdles. Both jumped in fine style. Lang treated Canute to healthy exercise pa the centre track. Egbert and Kingfisher canterod, and ran a. very fast mile to finish up -with. Jones treated Melodious to tiro, turns pit the grass, and spurted home from ; tbfc Half-mile post. Coriolaoas had The Bohemian tor a companion. The pair were given Eomo strong worK on the grats. The former never looked belter. Batty treated lately to three turns os the .grass. The first was done at a good sharp canter, and t.ie Second at half pmce. He finished qp with . a good working gallop... The Cup. candi date moved ia grand stj-le. The time for the last round -was very good. Batty has got him as fit as hands can roiVe liim. Deceiver iras given (rood eer viceablo work on the iniler tract. Ontario (*itli Batty np) cantered on.ee round the inner track* and then joined Eobinstin a Cupola : The jpair brnshed off from the mile post, and wore joined by Meirrjr Fenella, wbQ wo« very soon in trouble. The hurdle racer finished three lengths- in frooc of Cupola, who tired a lot. Umberco was absent. The Laird was given four steady tarns on the band, J. i.rek treated tcaranionohe io three torus on the gross. The last two were done at a good worfcirig gallop. The Cauifield Cup candidate moved in fine. style, ^truggler cantered aud snuftad oa the sand. Dargo and Camerine were 'treated to six furlongs on the gra$s. David, and Ditto mn a. fast., seveb furioncs. The former hafl a lot the best of.it. W. Gray (who arrived yesterday from Kiinrany Part, Gippsland) nest appeared with Gasburber, Ironhan'd, Gasalior, 'i'flttier. and Northern Light. 'i'he first-named cantered and spurted half a mile. The othera were treated to turns oa the grass, ami finished np with good working gallons. Mr. Heyward's hpartan nnd Mr. DAvis's Ditto were treated to a turn over the hurdles. Both jumped welL The former nuisued up with an extra round on tlie grass, (jilderoy pottered along the Eand. Norf olt and the Ghosj; broke off from the mile and a half port, and were joined by Grace Darling; at the nine furlongs post. The last ncnied finiehed thrae lengths ia front ot .Norfolk, who beat Ghost the same distanoe. Beresford, owner up. was given three tun:.s on the Eand and finished np with an extra fast turn on the gras3. G. Davis had not worked .Discount, Defiance, and Pilot when 1 left the conrse. Tone has arrived from Waugaratta with Gay I;ad and Cloth ct Gold, 'i'lie last named is engaged in the Foal fctakes. Mr. Wilson, Jan., is expected to-morrow; also Sir. J. H'Urade, who brings Tantaliaer. 