BISHOP KENNION'S VISIT TO GLAD STONE. On Saturday last 23rd inst, His Lordship, the Anglican Bishop, held a Confirmation Service, in St. Alban's Church, Gladstone, when there were eight candidates for the solemn Rite ; the young ladies, five in num- ber, being all arrayed alike, in white robes, and veils. The Church, which had beeii tastefully decorated by Mesdames Hamilton and Bastard for the occasion, was filled to overflowing, notwithstanding the fact that extra seats had been placed in every available space. The usual evening service was read by the Incumbent, Rev R. R. Taylor, and the lessons for the day, by the Bishop's Chap lain, Rev W. G. Ralston. The choir, with Miss Gardner at the Organ, chanted the Nunc Dvmitis , to Felton's Music, when the Incum bent presented the candidates to the Bishop. Hymn 348 was then sung by the choir, and His Lordship then asked- the candidates the usual questions, and gave a most earnest ex hortation to the young people, who had come to take upon themselves the solemn promises made for them at their Baptism. So affect ing wore His Lordship's simple, yet eloquent words, that few present, but shed those tears of piety, which has been so aptly described by a modern writer, as the " connecting link between men and angels." A short prayer was then offered, and hymn 347 was sung, all kneeling. The laying on of hands then took place, after which the Bishop gave a short admonitory address to those present. Simply, yet eloquently appealing to all, to unite in one grand effort to uphold the christian faith. Hymn 349 was then sung by the choir, and His Lordship solemnly pronounced the general Benediction. The service throughout, was most impressive, and will no doubt be long fondly re membered by members of tho Church. On Sunday morning the Bishop's Chaplain conducted divine service, and administered the holy sacrament at St. Alban's Church, Gladstone, when twenty- eight communicants received the sacrament. In the evening at "the Institute Hall, Dr. Kennion preached a most eloquent sermon from the words "Go ye therefore and teach all nations baptizing in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost." Taking these words as a basis for his discourse the Bishop referred at great length to the disunion existing among church worshippers, and. agreed that for the better promotion of the christian religion it would be for their own good were they united under one general head. In the course of his re marks lie said it was a common thing now-a- days to take up any of the Adelaide news papers and there find prominence unduly given to anything opposed to Christianity. Free thought was made a subject of par ticular mention through the medium of the press, and although he recognised the usefulness of the press, yet he was inclined to think that which would tend to tho good of the people should be placed before them rather thai; that which would have an oppo site effect. For fully an hour the rev. gen tleman spoke with much fervour. His lan guage was pure and simple, and in this respect he riveted the attention of his hearers. The large hall was crowded with people, there beiug many present from other towns. Mr Pengelley, kindly lent his organ for the occa sion, Miss Gardner, the church organist pre siding, and supported by choristers who sang with exceedingly good cifeci, beta hymns and chants The chanting of Llic- contaie domino to Crotch's music, and the Jen r mis- creair/r to Hopkin's music was sang with much feeling, and the rendering of other five sacred pieces were much admired. Mm Livesey's fine voice took a leading part, and the blend ing of a good tenor such as Mr Livesey possesses, together with Mr Provis' bass in fused into the singing much that was greatly admired. The hymns used on the occasiou were 223, 290, and 28. He continually played on the cornet, " Sweet spirit, hear my prayer." The maiden lady next door sent word with com pliments, that, she heard his prayer, and uuid pay a th's lodgings for him in advance if he'd move tq another part of the town. 