CONGLOMERATIONS. •Oar readers were invited to supply for publication " Conglomerations," in accordance with the following conditions:—l. The poems may be on any subject and in any measure. 2. The selected words one-half of the number of lines in the verses in which they are embodied. The selected words were Face", Fact, Fiction, Fly, Foundation, Fury. The following are all that remain for publication:— To appease her lord's fury, without cloak or gown, The Lady Godiva once rode through the town. 'XIs a fact, though some doubt it, I trow. liile others oft buzz like a blue! efly. No foundation for half that they know. Bnt hexface.it was modest, most lovely and fair, While veil-like fell round her her rich golden hair. And she looked like some 'beauteous bride. 'Twasa cruel ordeal, yet 'tis known to this day— And who has not heard what the old people say Cf old Coventry saved by her ride T B. S. S. " I know not how to act, And that*s a certain fact," Said Captain Crackseull when he first was snmmoned on the Jury. " If I attempt to fiy And say to all 'good-bye,' As sure as I am a living man my mistress in a fury Will charge me to my face With being very base, And how the dickens, then, shall I rebut the accusation J I have it—when I go I'll say, ' My dear, you know The fiction of deserting you is quite without foundation.'" MORPHIA. " Fred saw you, that's a fact" said Mrs. Smith, " Fred saw you kiss that flirt Priscilla Lester." " Tis false," her husband cried, " 'tis all a myth-" A fiction, a delusion; I detest her." And then hia face was flashed with indignation, While fury flashed like lightning from bis eye; The calumny," he cried, " has no foundation; Fred, if he said it, told a wilful lie." Oh! pray be calm, my dear," cried Mrs. S. «' You Must know I spoke in fun, my life, my joy; Why fiy then in a passion } what possess'd you To speak so hastily, you naughty boy ? " PHILOMATH. We now Invite for publication Conglomerations imbodying the following words :—Gate, Gentle, Ghost, : Glitter, Grain, Grave. The verses to be written in compliance with the conditions given aboie. _ 