The Rev. Mr. Stewart's Speech. To the Editor. — Sin,— How indignant true JBritish. sailors would feel if they read Mr. ,- Stewart's reprieve speech, at his temerity in classing, or comparing, such eoli-blooded murderers with such a manly warm-hearted specimen of humanity as a true British sailor ; and how can ho doro shelter the two mon under tho cloak of Bolf-dofenco. In tho faco of abundant evidence the poor oreatures were fleeing from their would-be captors. I cannot understand ' such sickly sentimentality; also his speech seemed to elevate them as victims of a harsh government. Now for tho opinion ?of another, who visited them : with ' the1 hope of convincing them of their sins ; but they failed to see any in taking the life of . a black man, and tho writor.says of 'M'Neil he is evidently of an impulsive nature, with aflash ? in tho eyo whioh betokened th6 existence of slumbering passions that might lead him under' excitement to do desperate deeds. Speaking ? of Williams, ho says, here was a, criminal of a different type, with a hard, cool nature, capable of looking. .at his acts and judging them in a clear light, capable, too, of oruel and mur . derous deeds. You could see that guilt oven now washia'ehamberlain that lighted him to bed . and that, like Eugene Aram, 'ho would he troubled- with ghosts he could not lay, which would- point- at him with blood-red fingers. ' That is the picture of those brave sailors and tho would-be gallant soldiers (if they 'wero ? ? only net free, how eager they would be to display ? their bravery to Khoot) . Tho interview described ?can be read in hist week's Christian Messenger. Forgive me taking bo much space, but Mr. Stewart's speech raised all the indignant satiro ?of one's nature ; but I feel relieved now I have ? poured, my indignation into your impartial i editorial ear. What should wo do without The Telegraph? Long may it flourisk under its present editorship. I wish you a Happy New Year. — Yoursj'&c;, A Tote Biutoness. -1 