[?] [?] X 4hrt 1882 panted « luct^i opon \- .XS81«I£7OM)(ID- TtiechU)£B,Jurtreir«, *-?yrffM ' ^fa^ *sip c4iQ0' tuipfcjpswBd.*^ 'H'hS' Xraasurar -m Febtuaryiast, reckoned .,' Bponaredu-rtiQflcf;abont £800,000, and -. although he jmpde an under-estunateTit *a* *as*£ter«f esrternij^'hat tb« altera tion in the administration «f the land law , introduced by the new Ministry must tell heavily upon tbo year's receipts. The total Tempts from find sales were leu by £1,208,000 'than those lor 1882. Mt. £951,000. But the peculiar feature of the cans is that whilst h* xtruck off too much from the estimate on account of those portions of the land sales (auction , and after auction selection) directly Affected bv the new nolicv. lie mis calculated the check that was to be given to. irse selection. He set down only . ^6138^000 for' auction sals* and selections \- alter auction. The actual receipt! were £215,000, and even then showed * de creasa of £909,000. But he expected to receive £600,000 in depoaiU on condi tional purchaae, and only took £424,000, & decrease of £196,000 upon the amount for the previous year. Why them waa bo large a falling-off here— representing a difference of more than three-quarter* of * million .acres in the axea taken, up— it vauM ha )mi*d ift ATtilftin. AYA*nt nnnn the 'theory that -drought and the state of the money narket combined , with the non-settlement of the land law and the policy of the Government to check land purchase. It was anticipated by some that the stoppage of auction sales would giro a new impetus to free selection by removing a barrier and increasing the in-. ducemenU to indirect action. But whether because the times wore unfavour able, and the prospects of ultimate gain from such courses were obscure, or wueiner lor otner reasons, uus expecta tion has not been fulBUed. On the motion of Mr. W. C. Proctor a return has been laid before Parliament, of correspondence) having reference to the refusal of the Police Magistrate -at Armi -J*le tu permit the reporters of the local papurs to inspect the Police Court records at Armidale. The matter at issue is very , simple, air. Leopold Yates, the jnew Police Magistrate at Armidale, having taken umbrage at some comments on his decisions in the local Express, refused to allow the reporter of that journal the courtesy which is accorded at every other police office in the colony, of access to the depositions taken in cases where the reporter has been unable to attend. Correspondence has taken place between the proprietors of the Express and the Minister for Justice. Mr. Cohen's minute leaves the matter just where it was. He says :— ' I think that it would be inexpedient to issue a general rule permitting the representatives of the press to have access, whenever they desire it, to the depositions taken in court, for ary concession of this character authorised in Armidale must if asked for be extend* d to all other places where Courts of Putty Sessions arn held. The Police Magistrate or other officer having the possession or control of or being responsible for the due care of the depositions may exercise his discretion in allowing the press represent atives to peruse or otherwise use them, having regard to the safe keeping of the documents and to the proper and con venient carrying on of the current public business.' Messrs. Croigie and Hipgrave the proprietors of the Armidale Express, threaten to have the matter ventilated in Sir Henry Parkes is expected to return to Sydney by the end of March or the beginning of April. Thomas Cornwall, the fireman who was knocked down and run over by the engine last week, and whose legs were afterwards amputated, died on Saturday evening last. The woman named Mary Oassady, n ho was severely burnt through pouring kerosene on a fire for the purpose of making it blaze, has alsodiecL * A petition from I6C residents of Coota mundra has^ been presented to his Ex ueueucy mid uuvwuuf I1**? u'o *ur *uo lu' corporation of the township as a municipality. The area of the proposed borough is about nine square mUet, and the number of inhabitants within the pro posed boundaries is at least 1200. A diastrous bush fire has been raging ?t Tappal (30 miles from Deniliquin) sinoe last Saturday. It commenced on the ?election of a man named Greggery, and* ?xtended to the adjoining areas owned by Messrs. Waters, Jamesen, and Irving, and thence to Tuppel run ; about 10,000 Mures ui )[nw iwve wnu unwuyeu. xun greatest damage was done on Jameson's ?election, where aoms machinery and a ?tack of hay were destroyed. - Three horses were also slightly burnt A con siderable quantity of fenoing- was de stroyed on each of the selections named. About 40 men from Coree, Hartwood, Tuppal, and the adjoining stations, have been at work sines, Saturday, endeavour ing- to extinguish the fire, and it has just been got under, through their exertions, but all the men are still on the watch. Jameson is insured for a email amount in the Australian Aliauce. '' ' The Redmond brothers, who left ' Sydney for San Franoisoo, arrived there, on the 1st, and propose remaining for ? month. Agrica, atjd 'Irish agitator, is here, holding meetings and addressing the people on the Irish question.* A writer in London Vanity Fair says that wandering Americans are demoralis ing and deteriorating London. - Here are the epithet* applied to the detested Yankees :—' Unendurable, forward, «-b- trive, inquisitive, impertinent, familiar, ungentiemanly, bruUl; grovelling, un dignified, ungraceful, vulgar*, witless, shallow, uninteresting,' They say that Csrlylo's ghost, arrayed in white, haunts Chelsea at the twilight hour, and recently asked ? little girl for ??apeiwon.no- tonacoo. Xnat Uarlyle should walk, after the manner in whioh he has been treated by Fronde, is not surprising; but it might be supposed that, instead of asking for tobaooo, lie would have made a grim demand for bis biographer. The Yass Courier chronicles the death of Miss Margaret Reid, who was many years ago a resident of that town, having then been mistress of a private boarding school on the bank of the river, near the old crossing-place. After leaving Yass she followed the teaching profession in Gundagai, and subsequently removed to Gunning, where she died, at the ripe age of eighty-six years. An extraov^inaryjncjnlryt^niiHiwuyws what strange practices may be «safied *n mito^ami^jp^^lsTww PJBBB Oorerninent 4a^iMta^ts.f tibe oroiDtion bepaUMihe^pM^^^^no^Sk; Thedirk agr^d'aadri^iTed ttm£76 in m«s*ewer(tandAei»-ney9raspaid'pv«r clerk's house. The clerk's ^superior, officer, who had negbUstedibVtiMb, . was5 .present, and drew up a deed of security over the clerk's furniture: and effects 'in/ favour of the messenger, and :*this floiu ment was handed 'to the messenger, with the olerk's * promm'usiory note at sue months for .£100. -When the transaction was complete too superior . omcer oi inc. clerk was paid by him £3 16s. as' «om. mission in the matter. Some time' after wards the clerk endeavoured ' to sell his interest, in some property, in order that h»* might pay off the amount of the messenger's claim, and' a sale was. nearly arranged, for £250, when, it U said,* the clerk .had i dwpuii w mviswtv uia« ssuo iiiiiinin^* ? interfered, and by informing the intend ing purchaser of the clerk'* necessities caused him to Offer only! £110 for the property. Shortly afterwards ? the messenger called on the clerk, and, after declaring .that kis-clain) jntut be settled, proposed that the clerk should make over to him all his right, title, and interest in the properly, and said that if he' {the messenger) conld dispose of the ' clerk's interest in the property, he would halve the balanoe that might remain, after deducting the amount of the promissory note for jflfOO and the interest that had accrued upon it. This the clerk declined to do, and the messenger then caused stops to be taken to enforce his security. A bailiff came to the clerkta house, in structed, he said, by a certain firm, and he made a claim against the. clerk in writing for £125. This the clerk could not pay, and his effects, including, .it is ufAfaiV Mi A wanrinflr ftnnaiwi nf himutlf nnA his family, , were then seized and sold. The Minister in whose Department the clerk is employed is: now investigating the whole matter. The clerk who bor rowed the money receives a salary of £60 a year ; the salary of his superior, who was paid the £3 16b. commission, is £260 ; the' messenger, who lent tlie £75, and seized the clerk's effect*, .. receives £1BO. The revenue for 1883 shows a decrease of £942,402 on the previous year. Pro jected change in the laud law responsible for most of it. At an Executive Council meatincr on Tuesday morning Mr. Edward -Greville was appointed Commissioner of Land Titles, in the room of the late Mr. A. W. Scott ; Mr. James Robert Garland was appointed returning-officer for the Murrumbidgee ; Mr. N. Connelly, J.P., Carcoar, was appointed police magistrate and clerk --f petty sessions, in .the room -.f thq late Mr. North ; and Mr. Wyntan Brown, J.P., C.P.S., Nundle, received the appointment of police magistrate at Meniudie. ? ' A coroner's inquest was held at Wind- sor on the body of Margaret Fitzgerald, wife of Maurice Fitzgerald, who died on Saturday afternoon, after being confined of twins. The cause of death was stated to be exhaustion from excessive hemorr- hage. The jury considered that the con- duct of Dr. B. H. O'Farrell, who had attended deceased, was so culpable, that they found a verdict of manslaughter against him, and he was thereupon com- mitted to custody on the Coroner's warrant. For indecently assaulting a little girl, a prisoner in Darlinghurst gaol received eighteen lashes on Thnrsdav. and thev were laid on pretty smartly, The Intercolonial Cricket Match just over in Melbourne is the thirty-first that has been played between the two colonies. Of thosp Victoria has won 18, New South Wales 13. An extraordinary outrage has been committed by Sergeant O'Neil and con stable Slater, of the Ballarat police, at a place called Bunniyohg, on a man named tfcGrath, an ex-captain of theBallarat fire brigade. They attacked him, and felled him to the ground, when ha was violently ill-treated, and afterwards found unconscious with his ribs broken and his face dreadfully disfigured. The death is recorded in Adelaide, of Mrs. Harriet Miller Davidson, a daughter of Hugh Miller, the celebrated Scotch geologist. She was the widow of the late Rev. John Davidson Hughes, Professor of English Literature also of Mental and and Moral Philosophy, in the Adelaide University. At a meeting of the Presbytery of Goulburn held on the ? 18th instant, the fav. William MoorerWhite, LL.D., of St.. Andrew's, Sydney;- was nominated as Moderator for the General Assembly. A sad coach accident happened on Tuesday morning about 10 miles from Port Macquarie, on the Manning Road, by which two passengers were killed. The driver left Port Macquarie at 5 a.m. with the mail coach, on his way for Taree, and by some means, when about 10 miles on the road, the brake broke, the horses be- came unmanageable, and the consequence was the coach upset, killing Mrs. M'Kinnon, wife of the Public school teacher there, and sister of the Mayor of Balmain, Sydney, and Mr. A. K. Mackenzie, of Bondi, dairyman. The driver of the coach got his collar-bone broken. Mr. M'Kinnon, husband of the above mentioned lady, was much injured, as was also his daughter. The coach was smashed to pieces. The greatest sympathy with the bereaved and the sufferers prevails. The mails were sent on by a man on horseback to catch the mail at Taree if possible. An inquest was held this afternoon on the bodies of Mrs. M'Kinnon and Mr. Mackenzie, when the jury returned a verdict of accidental death in both instances. No blame is attached to the driver of the coach. Mr. M'Kinnon, has a family of nine children. The funeral of Lady Mitchell, widow of Sir Thomas D. Mitchell, formerly Surveyor-General of New South Wales, took place on Saturday afternoon at the Sydney Necropolis, Mr. G. F. Wise, Immigration Agent, Mr. John Plummer, and a few other old friends of the deceased being in attendance. There is no trnOi in the report that Thomas Conway, one Lof the prisoners committed for trial lor the Waterloo outrage, is dangerously UL ^Oopwsy, since his incaroBraticni at Dartinghunt, has been an inmate of iba gaol' hospital, and appears,to-ie*affermg irota ^eneml debility. Up to the jiressot time he is ^s^sj^^^fcrme^^Hoi^m^aicti ? ? ' \ 