Local and General. TO CORRESPONDENTS. — "A Working Man" : Declined. HARRIS PARK PLATFORM. — Messrs. Mc- Sweeney and Kirwan are the successful ten- derers for the work of constructing and erecting the platform walls at Harris Park. ; . PROMOTION.—Mr. Henry Skillmaa, '^who for some time occupied the position of head master of the Granville Public School, has. been appointe'l an assistant inspector of schools, provisionally, vice.Lobban, promoted. ACOETTED TESDEOS.—James. Kidman—meat, Hospital for. Insane Parramatta and Olades- •ville; L. Uhde and (Jo.—meat, Protestant -and Roman Catholic Orphan Schools, Parramatta; 1 ft. h. Dunn—meat, Btjnevolept AsylamB, Parrainatta. GAINTILIE SonooL OF ABTS BAZAAR —The baeaar in aid of the building fund bf the Granfville Schijol of Arts -will be opened in.tjie ball of the: institution' on *WeJnefemy neiti It will be conti nued throughout the week; and concerts are to take place nightly. ' ! 'VICIOBIATBEAIBE.—A grand concert is anounoed to -take place at the Victoria Theatre, Parramatta, on Monday evening next, on which occesiqp Kuster's Opera. House Orchestra and Mrs. Julia A. Polk, assisted by . popular .vocalists, will take part in the entertainment. ' . PAHHA&ATTA; SOHOOL CP ARTS.—At an adjonrned .meeting of the committee of the Parramatta School of Arts, held on Thursday evening last, Mr. T. Oarpenter, jun., who lias fulfilled the duties of librarian since the resignation of Mr. John Overtonj was perma nently appointed to the position. ' PA KR< MATrA WgatBrAjf OHPucH-*—The stoppage df work 'at the new. Wosleyan Ohurdi, Parramatta, weave informed, has been brought about by diSerences arising bplween the contractor and eub-contcactocs, and not between the'contractor and the architect, as -stated in ourlast. ,'( TJAND SUB.—To-day (Saturday) Messrs. Mills and Pile will submit to public competition a portion of the Harris Patk estatc. The land to be offered occupies commanding positions and is very healthily situated...' Hie terms will be liberal, and the sale should be a great Success. ' • ' GAVFBT'S BENEFIT.—It is almost needless to remind our readers that jhe concert in aid of this unfortunate l|d Albert Gaffey takes place at the Town Hull'on Wednesday evening next; The programme will be found in our advertising columns.—We leam thkt. Br. Bowling lias generously forwarded his account for attendance upon GafEey reteipted in fulL . 0 . P. B. FIASD AKD IKVESTKENT SooiBri,"— We have been reqaested by the secretary of tiie Oumberland Building Som.ety to .call attention - to advertisement in another column, informing. embers thnt all pass-books and bank-books are. o lie returned by to-day, and creditors that all oobm^ ianst .Mimdaed or th^y iriUiiot he soognised. QLTSKN'S WBA».—^BWREN THIT UP to he present nothing has bees 4one in th(f way of erecting a fence along the river bank between the Emu Hotel and the Wharf. Judging from the unanimity of theOouncil as to th* tteed of guarding, agaimt the possibility of accidents at tfaepl^ce «>noenied, the delay in cany- * out^he work is somewliat pecnliar. HLABpKKEKT 07 XBHILTIC AsnjuK.—A very neat additioa is bang made to the Lunatic ABylam f(>f wou»en, which adjoint the B. Q. " hanage. 'the walls of an extensive stone ding have been erected, and workmen -are ,iiow engaged-upon;jthe roof—the skeleton.of wbush is. already in place. This work is, we Adentaqd, the fnain.part of those additions to the «sylum whi^ii were proposed last year, and to carry out which ,a sum of £16,000 was voted by Parliament., , POBUAL OPBNISO OF PARISB BOAD,—The toad describe^, herewith has been formally marked and opened, and is now open lor public use i —Boad from the easternmost corner of ' S. M'^gflly'B. inow 5. Wat^rhonBe's) 60 acres grant, 'to',jt^serve at Fidden's Wharf, Lane Gofe Eiver, parish of Gordon, county of Gumberund, omitting the branch road to the Lane 'Jove Boad, through J. Fidden's 40 acres grant as preUmiuarily .notified io the Govern, toent Gazette of lSttJune, ]S83, folio 3291 Plana, eic., at the Police Office, Hyde. • ALL SAINTS', PMiaAiiATra.—The following is the musical portion of the service at All Saints* Church to-morrow, ^>eing WhitSunday i— Morning; Venite, S; " Psalms, double, appoioted proper; Te' Deum,. 24 and changes; Benedictux, 19'; jinthem, u O,*Holy Ghost, into our minds"' (Macfarren); hjurn, 312 A.&M.; to Hymnaiy 439, .second tune; Response, 21; Gloria, 2. .Evening; Psalms, 104 singles,. 146 double; Magnificat (Steggall) ; Nunc Dimittis (SteggnllJ; funthem. "Lift.up your, heads" (Handel); hymn,207 A.*&M.; and202A. &M.; to Mercer 4 9 1 . , A PtAOi'E OF MICB. —Terrible destruction )B being caused all through the Horsham (Vic.) district through the ravages of mice; so mnch Bo that farmers' are becoming alarmed at their rapid iricreitBe, and the detraction' and loss caused. A farmir at Kalkeo last Saturday sowed 16 acres of wheat, and on Monday the mice had destroyed - the whole, the tinner stating that there'was not a cop fall left. Several.childreh of another farmer at the same place caught 100 mice in a few minutes. Borne prompt measures will have to be taken, etherwise they will be worse than rabbits. PARAMATTA TRAMWAY.—On the completion of bis contract for the construction of the tram line Mr. T. Weatne, under the advice of hin solicitors, entered an action against Mr. Jeanneret for £3400, mainly for damages and expenses incurred through the non- delivery from England ,6f the rails and fish plates by the contractors therefor until six months after the contract time, thereby increasing the cost of the works to Mr. WcSrne. Mr. Jean - neret and Mr. Wearne met on Tuerday and satisfactorily settled the matters in question between them, and the action and cross action have been withdrawn. NKW BANK NOTES.—We are. requested to call the attention of the trading community to the new issue of £1 notes of the Commercial Bank, ing Co., of Sydney. The notes are a neat pro duction, all black and white. T&e; small engraved "one pound'* in the centre is shown in white on a;black ground. Oh'the left margin of die note are some • very cleverly executed engravings of the head office of the Co., Georgestreet,-Sydney, and ako a view of Sydney harbour, etc. / Most of the notes in circulation about here will, no 'donbt for the present, be .those signed by the local manager, Mr. Stephen J. Pearson. ;, WBDDINO.—A wedding which created some little stir amongst the ladies was celebrated at St. John's on Thursday evening last, the ha] couple being Mr. A. W. Lamont and Miss Hackett. The bride having been for considerable period a memberof St. John's choir that body attended and rendered the musical portion of {the aervice, and at the conclusion of the oeremonv the "Wedding March" was played by. Miss Harper, organist. - The bride aud three bridesmaids were very prettily attired, and their appearance Was favourably Commented upon by the large number bf ladies present in the church. MISSION ROOM, HARRIS PAHK. — Lately several meetings have been held in Harris Park on the subject of raising funds Awards building a mission room, (in connection with St. John's) in that locality. At present a Sunday school, attended by about 60 children, is conducted in a ..room rented for the purpose, but the accommodation is too small lor the school, which is increasing in size. It seems that several residents of this part of the to ten (whichi as regards the rest of the borough, is so peculiarly situatefl) (bought it desirable to have a Sunday school nearer than St. John's, and with that object started, work at first in .the interests of. those children who had pre- ' vionsly attended the school referred to, but .afterwards on behalf of the whole of Harris Park. . It is now contemplated to build a mission room—to cost about £220 in all—on a corner allotment not' far from the level crossing. About -£50 has been already promised, and additional subscriptions are being collected towards the object. SLIPPED THBOTOH HIS FINOBBS.—On Tuesday last the police proceeded to arrest a girl named Amy Macey, well-known in town, on a charge of larceny.. .One of the constables went to the house at'which she was living, and pass- ing by the window saw her in the dining-room.. He entered the house by the back door, but to his surprise she had vanished. He searched the house thoroughly blit with no result. It then transpired that as he had seen her so she bad ueetf him, and had immediately bolted through the front door. - Having been buEy at work when the: policeman, arrived, as may be supposed, she had made no preparations for departure ;. and, indeed, she left the house exactly as she was when alarmed, even, it is said, without a hat. - She was pursued during the rest of the day and was at times heard of along the Western road, but could not be found. Later in the week, & mounted trooper was si'nt oat, but without avail, and up to yesterday she had deficjl capture. V BBIDGBS.—Tha work at the series of railway bridges betweEn thj! station ! and tho park is gQing forward satisfactorily. -At the Ghnrch- Btreat and Uareden-Etroet structures , the best part of the business is dono, but the operations at the otlier bridges are not so far advanced. \Vhen the .stone-work along, the top of tha brick abutments snd piers is placed in position (aud at the Church- street bridge especially it .rs there is little more to be done) Mr. ,tca*"contraet will be finished. The direct of laymg^ron bridges across the st^et (in place of the wjbodan .bridges at present existing) will be theneutered Upon by the Bailway Departmeni-^At the'-river t^e last of the piers is stoadily riKUg, sind a few days will prob&bly; iee that section of the contract bom-' 'plated:.^nnection with thiB bridgj we miglit mention that by means of Harris-street a Very good road 4ipw exists from the bridge to the outskirts. of Granville, and doubtless will prov&i;^great ixmyenience. UtiBoiicui ODiaADB.—An extraordinary outrage was comuntted in Melbourne at a late hour on Tniaday night ona girl named lone, a resident of.Colling wood, who was at the time standing. taUnngrtbgethcr of them' was blown to the girls, but his com. panion was an utter Btrtnger. The latter, as the two girls' came up, stepped forward and -deliberately threw the contents, of a, blue .j pbial over Lane, and having done-so ranaway across the street, followed a^noment afterwiards by the other man. Feeling directly jifterwards au acute pain on her hands, and finding, her .dress burnt, the injuredgirl weiit to a neighbouring chemist, who discovered that nitric atad had been thrown over her,' and he afforded her prompt relief from the pain slie aufiered. A constable who was foundinSpring-Btreet, shortly aftertheaffiur A tfok place, was informed pi awoocuzrenoe, butuot immadiately discovering the offenders lie appeared to attach little" importance to the dastardly act, which might have deprived the M girlof heriiie.. ' • l.O.G.T^-An wawftkinment trader the au».' wees bf the£reniagStar and' HappyThought f Lodges, LO.G-T,. 1 4»iU be given in the Primitive Methodiat sdhnolroom, Macquarie-street, on Wpdnesdayewiingusit. DEATH IN THE HOSPITAL. — On Friday morn- ing Mrs. Mills, a patient under treatment in the local hospital who was lately received from Prospect, died from typhoid fever, aggravated by illness of another nature from which she has been suffering since the birth of her last child, who is only a few weeks old. Mrs. Mills was about 28 years of age, and leaves three children. GLBASISO THB GurxEag.—In some parts of the town the street gutters era'.cleaned out in a phenomenally .thorough, maiiaer -which seems to betoken tbat tbe influence of the aatborities has been brought to bear oh the employees, but' in other put? the neglect is as thorough as the deanainjj; in .'l^e.portions alluded to.. For instance jn George-street west the gutters are choked w£h leaves, shed by the large trees in that quarter,.- and', the taking of gome little notice of the .sea., son and its peculiarities ai regards* thbse trees would seem to be incumbent on the Municipal officials. . KITCHIB'S AOMCTLTCBAI, IMPLBMENT WOBXS, ACBUUN.—As doubtless many of our readers are aware, the iron w orks lately carried on by . Mr. B. A. Bitcbie in ParTimatbi, And since transferred : to ANBURN have now fallen into the hands of Mr. B. F. B'tchie, a son of ftie former proprietor, who hu retired in bis favour: Mr. Hitchie, eenr., has entered the service of M^srs. Hudson Bros. Co., aud has taken his Newcastle - works into the Co. with him; but has' disposed of tlie Auburn property to his son, who thus succeeds to one of the best' worirs of the kind in Australia, and who has acquired a practical knowledge of the business/which will doubtless under his supervision retain the high positionit gained under his father's management. Top FVUTCB TO WOBK, TPOPBOUD TO BBO, AND TOO HONEST TO STEAL —A painful case of' distress through poverty was brought under the notice of the bench at'the Melbourne City. Court on Tuesday, whon an old and feeble man named James Rogers was brought up on a charge of vagrancy. A constable Stated that the old man went up to him crying in groat apparent distress at three o'clock in the'morning, begging to be locked up for shelter, sajing he bad no food, and was afraid he should drop down and die on the streets. He would not beg, he[ said, and could not steal- anything so as to be locked up on a charge of theft! The bench sflnt the prisoner to gaol, to be taken care of for four months. RAILWAY ACCIDENT AT GEAKVILLE.—On Thursday afternoon near Granville a trifling accident occurred to the train which left Liverpool at 3.6 o'clock ayd arrived at the junction shortly before 3.30. In ehnnting (he train seme slight mismanagement of the points took place, with the result that the whole train left the rails. It seems that the line on which the train was traveling runs into another, on to_ which the train was to be shunted. The mistake^ however caused the train to continue in the direction in which it had been travelling, and in consequence it ran in aU oblique direction across the second line of rails. No damagu was done, and all the carriages remained upright. There were a great many passengers in the train, -but not the slightest injury was received by anyone. IHE LOCAL HOSPITAL.—The present outbreak of typhoid is likely to result, in a serious drain upon the^ financial resources of the local bospitdl. The institution has now as many cases under treatment as can properly be dealt with. The number of cases has risen so steadily and so rapidly during the last -few weeks tbat'what at the beginning of thnt time it would have been thought impossible to provide for is at the present time regarded as indicating a change for the hotter. In a word the number of Cases has risen from four or five to eighteen, and now stands -at rather over a dozen. Considering that the capacity of the institution 'has been tested to the utmost, that th'e hospital has been- (and is being) during thia epidemic freely used for the' relief of sufferers throughout an srea^ extending in some casfs beyond the boundary of the county, and that it has admitted many cases on the special application of the authorities iu Sydney, it bus surely some claim for consideration when the next estimates 'are being prepared. It has been calculated that the extraordinary circumstances above noticed will increase the expenditure on the institution for the piesent year by nearly £1000. 