GERk LDINEK But rememtbering how he would have taken any advice of this sort himself a few months back, he refrained. ' And after all,' he reasoned, ' no experi ence is worth much eicept that which you buy.' Exactly at the appointed hour of the appointed day, the Duke of Mensboroughi presented himself before Geraldine. He had not expected to find her very bright and beaming, but he was really shocked at the change this one short week had made. She had wasted to a mere shadow, and her eyes, unnaturally large and lustrous, seemed to eat up her whole face. Herlips were crimson with fever, and a hectic spot of colour dyed each cheek ; while the slender hand she held out to him seemed to shrink into nothing in his grasp. He was so shocked that for one mo ment it seemed possible to forego his pur pose. DBut then the fatal beauty which had. been the bane of Geraldine's life wrecked her once more. Her loveliness was ethe* realised, hut it was not diminished by all e had undergone, You cotma sbee hat she had not slept, but then how lovely sho was in her lau guor. Her hair, in its loosened, careless coils, shone like burnished gold. She wore ablack dress up to her throat, and a plain collar, and the severe simpli city of this costume became her,as indeed, did everything she put on, the duke thought. Could he give her up, having sinned and suffered so much for the sake of this happiness which was just within his reach. Never ! Come what might, he would carry it through to the end now. and Geraldine would soon console herself. His love and devotion would satisfy her entirely, to the exclusion of all other, if he had patience. It is so easy to convince ourselves of d thing we wish to believe. The duke accepted this suggestion eagerly, and the last remnant of his scruples vanished. ' Geraldine,' lie said, ' I have conicme to claim the fulliluent of your promise.' ' Have .1 enough beauty left to tempt you. thei ?' ' That question is an insult to yourself. You always will-you, the most beautiful woiman in the world.' ' If I were very old 2' she asked, with a viague smile. ' But you are not old.' ' Twenty-fiur last birthday,' she said, almost increduously, ' and I feel so much older. Could anyone have made a mis take about it? 1 ought to be eighty.' ' I am glad you are not, Geraldine.' ' You wouldn't have cared for ume thou, so it would have been all right. SBut I like to care for you.' 'Do you indeed?' she said, with a strange far-away look in her wonderful eyes. ' I always thought it was such a sorrowful thing to love.' 'I will teach you better,' lie au swered, bending his tall head to reach her lips.' Geraldine shivered convulsively all through her frame, but this time she did not resist him.' She cared so little what becale of her that she scarcely regretted the promise she had given him. As well suffer in one name as another, and that was to be her portion hence forth. She was so far stupified by all she had endured that she even forgot at first to ask after her child. When she did remember, the sense that Mimi's restoration would bring a gleam of joy into her barren life gave a soft eagerness to her voice. The duke shook his head. ' have done my best, Geraldine. I have just come from Scotland Yard at this moment, and yesterday I had an in terview with one of our first detectives. ' But they all seem to think the clue is lost, and that your only chance of recover ing the child will be if the conspirators quarrel amongst themselves, or begin to see that their interests will best be served by giving her up. I am afraid, therefore, you will have to wait until one or both of these events happen.' ' Are they probable, do you think ?' 'They are possible, at any rate,' he re plied evasively. She sat downi, sighing, and" again there came into her eyes that wistful far-off look that must have startled him had lhe been less absorbed in her beauty. 'Perhaps she is dead,' was the stow, grave reply - if so. all the better, be cause our early meeting is then sure.' ' Ohle, Geraldine,' he exclaimed, holding her close to his beating heart, ' how dare you say such things to me ?' She smiled calmly into his agitated face. ' Why ? It isn't hard to die-it is only hard to live.' ' I love you,' lhe answered passionately, 'and I will hold my own, even against death.' 'That is all idle boast, duke. If you were the greatest warrior the world had ever seen, you would not be able to con quer death.' 'I love you !' lhe again repeated, still more fervently. ' And you believe in love at twenty eight ?' 'Am I too young, then ?' 'No, you are too old. At seventeen it is excusable, at twenty it is a folly, and at thirty a crimee-and you jvill soon be thirty, you know.' ' I have two years of happiness to come first,' lie said, kissing her wildly in his rapture. 'When I think that to-morrow you will be mine, I am almost mad with joy. If only to-morrow would come.' ' The time does pass very slowly some times,' she said, with ua pathetic little sigh. I SBunt perhaps wlhen to- morrow does come, i you c ill wish it were yesterdap, for who can tell what chanlges even ani hour may bring.' ' Hush !' lie cried, his lips turniing cold, even so close to hers. ' Don't prophesy evil. Geraldine, lest you should bring it to pass.' It is time enough to think of such things when they come.' InI the cool early morning a quiet couple entered tihe little church at the end of the squaic, and spoke the words that were to bind tihemi together, as it seemed, till de'ath came betweesn them. ST'le bride, with all her beauty, looked like a ghost, the bridegroom, amidst his triullp aund .joy, kept turniing an anxious gluance towards the door, as if hle expected some implacable Nemesis to stalk upl to the aisle,and interfers between them evels at the elevenlth hour.' The pew-opener and the sexton, sig-edl the register, and the latter gave the bride away, for a little consideration. So quiet and colsmonulace was the whole attair, that there was not oven a witness to the ceremony except a little old man, with a bald head, and keen, piercing eyes, who stood in the shadow of the orgasn, and looked and listened in tently to everything that was going on. But then that was the organist, of course. CHAiPTEIR XXV. A blow blinding and stunning him; a wild tumult in his brain, and then sudden forgetfulness, so utter and complete, that it was deeper than the deepest sleep. Lord Londesburgh could never remnem ber how this had all happened clearly. He was thinking of Geraldine, his lost love so strangely restored to him, when hlie turned the corner, and a strange weight on his temples, so sudden that he had no time hardly for a consciousness 'of pain, and then the shadow through which no single ray of sense, or feeling, or memory, penetrated for days. When he came to himself, he was lying on a neat bed, with dimity hangings, and a kind, motherly woman bending over him. 'Are you better, sir ?' she said, in a very gentle voice. 'I have been ill then ?' ' Well, you" were knocked down by a cab, they say, and my master found you lying insensible in the street, and brought you home. Heo aas a wndefull kindheart, hats my master.' 'He has, indeed, if as a stranger he did me this kindness.' ' He never saw you before in his life, I'll answer for that. But you musn't talk, sir, nor more must I. Can't you try and get a little sleep ?' ' Yes, if you'll answer me two ques tions. First, what has been the matter with me, and how long have I been ill ?' ' You have had concussion of the brain, and this is the fourth night since you canme. Now, will you go to sleep ?' Lord Londesburgh turned his back on the light, and lay quite still, pondering. The good woman, thinking, no doubt, that he had obeyed her commands, sat down at the window with her sewing, and soon the click of her needle was the only sound that broke the intense stillness. Lord Londesburgh's mind was in great confusion, but gradually, although with great effort, he got a little order into the tangle of his ideas, and then his heart and his head began to ache together, and he was fain to put. off all further thought to the morrow. (Tobe continued.) 