CHILDHOOD'S FAITH. VHaEN life's journey I began, And all around was strange and now Long are I grow to be a man, Or read the books of learning through- What grand conceptions filled my head i. What wonders startled eye and oar l Ere cruel science argued dead S!The baby senses, love and fear. I-feared the dark, Iloved the light, And-when the bright green earth I trod ] I dreaded the approach of night, ' " For sunlight was the smile of God ; And when the sun had passed away, Its ghost I thought the moon to be ; I Much nearer than the god of day, More cold and spirit like than heo. I thought tho stars were signal lights By angels in'their windows placed, That through the long and lonely nights Our paths to heaven might be traced ; .And when a star shot down the sky, Ibreathless watchbd the fading spark, And thought perhaps the angels die, And then their windows will be dark. When lightning flashed along the cloud, The Lord in anger glared at us ; The thunder following long and loud, To me was but his warning voice. ] The sparkling rain that came amain Was but the tears the Father shed, Because His children strayed again, And love to Him was cold and dead. - Now lam old, and day by day The God so near my infant eyes Has far and farther waned away, And I am sceptical and-wise. 'But am I happier, knowing more 7 Would I be happy, knowing all ? -Vith naught to love nor to adore, lNor power to rise, nor.chance to fall? If this is all that knowledge gives, Let me toward the cradle move- " Back toea world where credence lives, " And hearts feel reverence and love. Give tme again God's sunlight smile ; The twinkling stars that angels light ; The thunder, though I quake the while ; The sun's pale ghost that walks by night. Give me the anger of His eye, And I will tremble and adore ; Give me His tears, that fill the sky With mercy for the weak and poor ; Give me the wonder and the faith,' Give me the sorrow and the pain, 'Tie mockery all that science saith I'll be the trusting child again. A girl Seven or eight'i ydyars 'ld slipped down on. Woodward avenue the other day, and as she was pick ing herself up a pedestrian :-said,; 'Don't cry sissy.' 'Who's going to ?" She sharply demanded as she rose up ' I guess when a girl has got her mother's shawl on she ain't going to let ainybody know she's'hurt I" FAcE POWDERS.-It is Inecessary to raise a warning cry against a most mischievous: statement 'which has recently been oi~oulated, and 'has al ready done harm, to the effect' that' "arsenico in small doses is good for the camplexion.;'? It is not diffioult to imagine the risks woman willinour to preserve:theiri ".,goo6dlooks.": No more ingenious device ýfor recom mending a dru: g can' be hit upon than: that which thei authors- of this most baneful prescription of i:' arseniiifo the complexion"s have aldopted. Suf fce it to recall'the fact that for many years pastchlemists and . sanitarians have been labouring to discover.. means of eliminating: the arsonical salts from the colouring' matters of wall papers, andd iortain dyes onc6e largly usedfor certain iartioles of cloe thing. It is mosc 'unfortunateo that this hopelessly' antagonistic :recom? mendation of arsenic to improve the complexion '.should hribve fotunid its way into print;. Those who :employ the drugas advised-and there are many, eithler alreaddy using it :or oon templating the rash' at-will-do so at their peiil.?'; So fair' as they` are, able, however, it will be tlhe duty of medical .men to.warn' thic .,piblic agaliist this peroniious praoticew?hioh. is only too likely totbelocarried on' secretly.- It is not~ibt ithoiith oasdi that we speak thus pointedly, and urge practitioners tobeon the gu vivo in .andtnalyuTs dr,obsouro cases, Public Opinion. : AsvICs Ms Hiimr.as f-Are you broken in your rest by a mick child suffering with the lain of cllutinl teeh l? lo at once to a chemist and get a bottle of " rs. Wlnslow's Booth. ?ng syrup.' it will ts-levinm the clild frot m I ailn, and the little chet awakes "as brih a ha tton' it asoothee the child, it mlatiens tile tIlitn, allays all poll, relieves wind, regulates the howe.ls, lot i I? Clo he?at known remedey or dysentery mad darehmoa, whether arising fromn teethtln or oster causes Msi. I stesllmllv'I Sootittig Syrup Ii sold hy sedlhole dteslers everywhere at is II per botle,--Advt. 