Mr Spurgeon's Jubilee. a s p It is not loo much to say that, there is no living preacher whose jubilee would have excited so much uteres! among English-speaking Christians of all Evangelical denominations as the jubilee of Mr. Spurgeon. Ware the causes of this wonderful popularity far to seek. He is not only a great preacher, some would say the greatest preacher of his age or country, but, his printed works are probably more voluminous than those of any other divine, whether living or dead. Nov to speak of his sermons, the weekly issue of winch, commenced in the first week of 1S55, has gone on uninterruptedly for nearly thirtv years, the other works which have proceeded from his pen, or which he had edited, would number over eighty volumes, the publication price of which would amount to over £20. But Mr. Spurgeon is not merely a preacher. His life has been one of act ive benevolence, of self-sacrifice for the good of others. His College, his Orphanages, his Almshouses, hi* Colpoiiase Association, testify to the diversity of his interests and labours. " But," to quote the language of the Bail'/ Xews in a highly appreciative article, what Mr Spurgeon's countrymen chiefly respect in lum is the integrity and manliness of his personal character. Ihey see in bin. one who lias not been spoiled by success, whose head cannot be turned by llaUcry,but who follows without weariness or hesitation the path which he has trodden since early youth." Our readers well know our estimate of him aiul his work, and will, we doubt not, unite with us in cordial congratulations to himself and his coiiTogal ion 011 the kind providential care which has conducted him to his fiftieth year, and the manifold blessing of success which has attended his ministry and e t lj < The S mecfings at the tabernacle in connection with the jubilee commemoration were of the most enthusiastic character The meeting which took place on the Wednesday evening was a memorable scene. Mr. Spurgeon designated the occasion an " at home" with his people. Prominent upon the platform, surrounding Mr. Spurgeon, who presided, were many of his leading workers/including his brother, the Rev. J. A. Spurgeon, his deacons and elders, besides his father, the Rev. John Spui-vjn, his mother, his wife, and the wives also of lus brother and his son respectively, so that three generations of flic Spurgeon family were thus represented. The Honourable Arthur Kinnaird and Mr. Moody were amongst the visitors. Below the platform, upon a raised gallon, were arranged a numerous contingent of the boys from the .Stockwell Orphanage. After devotional exercises, Mr. Spurgeon, who was received with enthusiastic cheering, delivered a brief address. He alluded modestly to his past success, and attributed that success entirely to God's grace. He hoped he had inner preached without dependence upon the Holy Ghost, and their dependence at the Tabernacle on prayer had been, he thought-, very conspicuous. They had believed in pr.iver up to the hilt. They had not prayed as thev should, still they had prayed so as to prevail, and it should remain their record as a church that thev owed all tlieir success to the work of the Holy Spirit principally through its leading them to pray. Nor'hud thev been without, the conviction that if they were honest in their asking they must be earnest in thenacting and using the means appointed. He read a list of representative institutions which they had succeeded in establishing. That list , by 110 means a small one, was however incomplete. Many of these institutions were in themselves so large as to constitute public societies, with an annual meeting at Kxeter Hall. Mr. D. L. Moody, whom Mr. Spurgeon said that they all hoped to see soon back again from America, expressed his devout gratitude to God for raising up such a man as Mr. Spuryeon. Willi considerable emotion he said that seventeen vears ago he first. came to the Tabernacle a perfect si ranker, aiul he didn't know that lie should ever have .->. u "England hut for Mr. Spurgeon. But he had read hi* sermons for twenty-five years, and a great desire seized him to sec Mr. Spurgeon. He never expecled himself to become a preacher. In 186/ he had a"'iin feasted his eyes 011 him and had his heart stirred l,v him and went.'back to America a better man He then went to work to try and preach himself. In lb/2 lie was again in England, and he found his way to his old callerv »eat in the Tabernacle, which seat lie would like to take to America with him. Mr. Moody then alluded to I he vustwo.-k in America which Mr. Spurgeon had done, alluding specially to his 2 000 sermons m print and the GOO ministers from the Pastors College. \viiv should God not, use others besides Mr. Spurgeon for similar work r For after all it was not Spurgeon that had done it, but Spurgeon's God. A liM. of telegrams of congratulation to Mr Spurgeon wa< next read, iiieluding messages from the Philadelphia Conference of liupt-i,!. Ministers, the Baptist Union of Great Britain and Ireland, various county Baptist Association* an Ohio Conference, and the Canadian branch of the Pastors'College Association, as weU as various pastors at home and abroad. Mr Carr (one of the deacons) next read an address of con.TaLulal.ion from the congregation to the pastor. The address set. forth that the 300 souls which Mr. Spurgeon had found in fellowship at New Park-street Chapel had multiplied to a fellowship of nearly 6,000 He had come among them in the bloom of youth, and his skilful generalship since had laid ten thousand happy donors to his ch.-n-itv under lasting obligations to lnm for providing outlets for their benevolence Whatever he had put his hand to had prospered Referring to Mrs. Spurgeon, the address said that had she been less heroic and more exacting in her protracted illness Mr. Spurgeon must have been more reserved and less generous in the consecration of his time and thought to Sood works. 1 n I he si illness of enforced retirement her inventive genius had discovered more channels of usefulness Her Book Fund was beyond praise. The Rev. John Spurgeon expressed his pleasure at seeing his son present in such good health, and thanked God for the inlluence he had been able to exercise. The Rev. Archibald Brown, an old student ot the Pastors' College, t estified to the value of Mr. Spurgeon s organisations. Six hundred pastors had gone forth from the college, and 100 were working in foreign countries. Si nee 1 Kir, they found that 69,000 persons had been added t o churches in different parts of the world bv the work of former student,s of the college. On behalf of the eollegc he begged Mr. Spurgeon to believe thai as a preacher they admired him, as a man of God they revered him, as their president they loved b l Mr Driver then presented a congratulatory address from the students of the Pastors' College, which had been illuminated ami engrossed by one of their number. Mr. PeiiMH follmred with an address, and a cheque for £63 collected bv the Sunday school. The more formally public recognition of the jubilee was celebrated on the next evening in the presence of such an assembly as has seldom filled even that capacious edifice. Long 'before the hour for commencing the building was besieged by ticket-holders, and many hundreds of persons had to be turned away for want of ccommodation. The audience was representative of all ections and classes of Christendom. Lord Shaftesbury resided, and on entering the building was greeted with nthusiasm, the audience rising en masse, and repeating he reception which a few moments earlier they had accorded Mr. Spurgeon himself. The Stockwell Orphanage boys again figured prominently in the proceedings by leading the singing of a selection of sacred songs specially composed for the occasion. The Rev. J. W. Harrald read the list of organisations which had sprung from the Tabernacle Church, and which were mentioned the previous evening. He also announced the reception of further numerous congratulatory telegrams and other communications from various parts of the kingdom as well as from abroad. These included well-known churches and individuals. Special allusion was made, amidst the most enthusiastic applause, to the receipt of a particularly kind letter from Mr. Gladstone, which, however, it was regretted, could not be read, as it was marked private. The Earl of Shaftesbury, Canon Wilberforce, and the Rev. Dr. Parker delivered congratulatory addresses. Mr. T. W. OIney, one of the deacons of the Church and the treasurer of the fund, next announced that the money already raised towards the fund amounted to over £4,500. This sum had been contributed to by all classes of men—from the children's farthings and the working men's pence. He had much pleasure in handing Mr. Spurgeon a cheque for that amount, and he thanked God they were not pensioning the old gentleman off. Mr. Murrell, the other treasurer, said that they gave him the sum on account. They meant to keep the fund open as long as people would contribute to it. Mr. Spurgeon had many claims upon his private purse, and he knew lie needed"the money. Many contributors had stipulated that the : past or * should have the money absolutely, or they would not give a penny. He hoped they would make "the sum £5,000 that night. On rising to reply, Mr. Spurgeon received an ovation, the audiencc rising en masse and waving their handkerchiefs. Mr. Spurgeon, in responding, said that the kindness he had received during the past two days would have melted the hardest heart. He did not wish anything of this kind, but he did wish that something should be raised for the building at the back of the tabernacle for the purposes of the church. He thought that was a proper object to assist. Some years ago they presented him with £6,000, all of which he gave away, and wished to do the same 011 the present occasion. But the donors had made certain stipulations, which provided that £S1 should go to the alms-houses, £31 to the Colportage Association, £71- to the Pastors' College,£43 to his son's chapel at Auckland, and about £3 to other societies. All the rest was evidently left by the will of the donors perfectly free. He always enjoyed money most when he could use it for the work of the Lord, and accordingly he should hand over £1,000 for the " Jubilee House," and he wanted to become a life member of St. Thomas's Hospital for the benefit of the Church. He wanted to make up the sum given to the Almshouses to £200, and also to gi»e the deacons £200 to lend —for he liked sewing machines and mangles. He would give to the Baptist Society £50 to the augmentation of the salaries of poor ministers, £200 to the Colportage Association, £250 to his son's chapel at, Auckland, and £100 to his wife's Book Fund. Mr. Spurgeon added that he had not coveted men's silver and gold, but he should be able to appropriate all the money without help. He was the pipe through which the money ran. If people had a wish to see what the money did, let them come and inspect the agencies in which it was employed, and there recognise God's work. He heartily thanked all the donors, and prayed that God might return what they had done in every way. The proceedings were closed with prayer, offered by the Rev. J. P. Chown. 