$ht ?jÍ0ríh ^«slraliaii. FRIDAY EVENING, DECEMBER 19. THINGS AND OTHERS. WE hear of athletic sports being arranged to take place at Easter time under the direction of the Port Darwin Cricket Club. A MEMORIAL from' the inhabitants of Palmerston is now in course of signature for presentation to Dr. R. J. Morice. - THE Circuit Court sittings are being con- ducted very ably by Mr. Justice Pater, and, so far, wc see no necessity for raking np thc ghost of former discontent. LAWBTE & Co. aro now killing some first class cattle, ranging in weight from 8001bs to 900lbs, all fattened in the Northern Territory. MB. D. B. Tennant's party of tin pro- spectors started ont last week, but were compelled to return owing to very heavy weather. They have since gone ont again. GEORGE RYLAND was brought up at the Police Court on Thursday morning charged with being drunk and disorderly on the previous night. Fined 10s. Br the dismissal of Dr. Morice, the in- habitants of the country arc left again wiihout a medical man. But they |have a hospital, and there is perhaps consolation in the fact that they will now be able to die in comfort. THE case againet William Whitton for the larceny of a horse terminated in the acquittal of prisoner. Thc case was a FiATCO, and wc agree with His Honor that thc case might easily have been dealt with at Yam Creek without putting thc prisoner to the inconvenience of having to come down from his work to attend on such a dummy charge. MB. H. ROBERTS has entered a claim for thc gold bonus for thc discovery of thc field known as Houschildt's Rush. He has received a reply to thc effect that the claim has not been satisfactorily estab- lished as yet. Ping Que took 1000 ounces from thc prospecting claim, and there were tiOO or 700 men at the rush last season, and there is a similar number there now, but the Government apparently want to see thc 5000 ounces. JUDGE PATER, in addressing the jury in a burglary case this week, asked them not . to place too much stress upon the fact that prisoner committed the offence barefooted, because he had seen men who considered themselves of far more importance than the prisoner walking about in their bare feet, when there was not the slightest ne- cessity for it. AT the request of several persons inter- ested in the commencement of the ¡jetty and railway works, we forwarded a mes- sage to thc REGISTER, Adelaide, asking for information, and received the following reply :.-" jetty contractor hurrying ar- rangements for an, carly start. Class of labour unstipulated ; local probably en- gaged. Suggest you, communicate with William Wishart carly in, january. Only a few will be required for the jetty. Thc railway tenders will bo called carly in March; whole in single contract. Class of labour unspecified. Government aro determined to expedite both works." ME. D. B, TENXANT wishes us to state that he has npt taken, the contract to raise and ship, ore from, the Paly Uiver Copper Mine,, as mentioned by-ns in. our last issue.; that , he was only offered it. Of course we must, allow that it is our mistake ; but, at the. same time, wc wish people would try and: get into the habit of saying what they mean. MB. August Lucanns,, who ia engaged on¡ the case against the aborigines, brought, down with him from the reefs, a Chinese, leper, in an advanced stage. Only the other day a writer in our- columns pre-, dieted that the seeds of this terrible, disease had not been wholly-cleared out of the Territory when the last lepers were transported to China. The- question now arises as; to when we shall' have- to send away a white one. AK occasional correspondent's sends us the. following :-At the new rush (Hpuschildt's), about 600 Chinamen^are at work,, and by all accounts there is not a miner's right among them, and the stores have., no, licenses. Besides the Chinese,, there,, are also soven or eight Europeans. * *; The Twelve-Mile battery will commence crush-. ing next week, and a nice lot of stone , will, be pat through. As the weather has been, in their favour fte teams are still busy carting. * *" At the ExtendcàTJmon. they.;, are still crushing McIntyre and I)elniar St stone, which, from appearances, ought to. turn out well. * * Crushing was com-, menccd at the Union battery five days ago. Everything is working weLL * » * The blacks are now beginning to. come into tho. camps from all quarters. Í " A^OLICEMAH'S lot is- not a- happy- one." We know this perfectly well ; ana yet we I cannot help making things unpleasant for ! them now and then as occasion offers. It is merely turning the. tables on them. We. 1 had reason to think of the quotation, lately i by being compelled to witness . an. improvised circus performance hy a very well-known member of the "move on, there " combination daring the early part of this week. This bombastic son of Scotia deigned to come down to the level of a half-muddled street actor, and palmed all his frolicsome exuberance and empty-, headed nonsense off on a dotaged carrier, who endeavours to earn a livelihood with a. horse and cart. Possibly had the old man. retaliated as many would have done by putting the whip on him, our peace pre-, server would have shielded himself by his coat of blue, and got the unfortunate, carter imprisoned. What makes most ordinary people mad is to see how far men, in certain positions can carry their brain- less amusements without police interfer-. ence, while if one of the despised "lower ¡ class" offends in a like degree he is immediately pounced upon and made to. desist. We always thought that the duties of a policeman were not by any means to. encourage a breach of the law, but when a member of the force places himself in, such a position as to be unable to. prevent his being offered at auction by those whom he is supposed to be guarding, there is no, telling what arc duties and what are not. A MEETING of Ratepayers was held as con- vened hy advertisement at the Town Hall on _ "Wednesday evening to consider the action of tho District Council in expending money in obtaining legal advice to combat the Government with reference to the. question of their right to the Park Lands. The attendance was limited. Mr. F.. Finniss was voted to the chair and explained ' the object of the meeting in a few words. A resolution was proposed by Dr. Morice and seconded by Mr. W." Lawrie to the effect that " This meeting of ratepayers protests against the expenditure, of any money by the District Council ia disputing with the South Australian Gov- ernment in reference to the ownership of" the Park Lands of Palmerston. The doc-, tor,: in referring to the matter, said that they all knew the Council had not done, much good with the lands during the time that they controlled them. They allowed them to be squatted upon by every China-, man who wished to make a garden. These. Chinese had now shot about a dozen horses and cattle, and when the ratepayers cried out about this the Council did nothing whatever; butas soon as the Goverment state their intention of taking the lands, under their control the Council institute, steps to dispute their right. It was the Chinese who, in his opinion, should fight the matter out and not the Council. He had heard some people argue that we could not get cheap vegetables unless we allowed* the Chinese to retain their gardens, but ho could not understand that vegetables were obtained cheaper from the men who. were on Park Lands than from those who. leased their lands. It was a nasty matter,, he said, to go into, properly, because, from what he could hear, some of these China- men grew maize, in which certain Euro- peans were interested. Mr. Lawrie, ia seconding the proposition, said that it was-, about time something was done. The Council had been talking for this last 12 or 18 months about turning the Chinese off, or making them put water outside their gardens for the benefit of stock, bot they had not put their theory into practice, and therefore ho was very glad to see that the Governmcnt had come to the rescue. The proposition was carried unanimously, and ! after a vote of thanks to tho chairman the meeting closed. TITE abrupt dismissal of Dr. Morice from, the. office _ of Colonial Surgeon, which trans-, pired this week, has been a source ofr wonder to all who. have heard- of it. As: far as we can make ont the doctor's dis-, missal has. been brought about through his sorcalled interference in. the trial- of the. natives, who are charged with the murder at the- Daly River. Early in. the week Dr. Morice received notice- to the effect that thc office of Colonial Surgeon, would; be abolished^ and that his services would! not be required longer, and that the duties, hitherto: discharged by the-Colonial, Snr-. geon will be carried on by Dr. Wooth.wha has been appointed Protector of Aborigines and "Health Officen" He immediately placed himself in communication with the Minister of Justice and Education, request- ing to bo informed if the office had been abolished owing to any fault of his, and, if' so, in what way he had offended. He also, asked if this step had been taken, for tho purpose .of reducing expenditure, and whether or not the Government officers and their families would receive medical attendance at the expense of the Govern, mentr under the new BEGIME. Dr. Morlee's motive for asking the latter question was on account of the bearing thé answer would have upon private practice herc ; hut the Minister attributed it to the im- pertinence of thc doctor to ask such a .question. Itt reply to a suggestion for some consideration after having served the Government faithfully for seven and a half J years, Dr. Morice was informed that he would receive his salary up till the con- clusion of the case against the aborigines, and that if he desired it he would then have his passage paid to Adelaide. The feelings of the public here, or, rather, that section of it which is not afraid to express an opinion on thc matter, show plainly that the doctor's dismissal is anything but popularly accepted as called for, and, more than this, the reason given is only looked nnon as a blind to something which the Government deem it wise to cloak. Th« regret at the dismissal of Dr. Morice is a: universal as it would be if the Resident himself were in his place, and probably more so. He has been a most attentive juan in the execution of his duties, both in private practice and otherwise ; and, be ¡sides this, he has identified himself in such a way with all matters affecting the welfare of the public as to earn the good' will of the whole community. After serv- ing honestly for over seven years he has been dismissed in five minutes, and, ac- cording to the Minister's own showing, for nothing whatever. This sounds strange, . no doubt, bat it is true, nevertheless, in- ns mach as the doctor received the intimation that the old-established office of Colonial Surgeon was to he abolished, bat In the same breath he is also told that Dr. Wood has been appointed to undertake the .duties hitherto carried out hy the Colonial \- Surgeon, which means that the office still exists in reality, though not in name. We may just as well tell the Resident that we will abolish his office as a sinecure, hat that we'll pay another man to perform his duties. When Governments consent, to hide the origin of their actions, those who Jabour under them should feel themselves stigmatised. The query now is-Whose torn next? THE trial of the Daly River murderers commenced at 2 p.m. to-day. 