MR. WALTER SHELLSHEAR AND OUR .? RIVER ENTRANCES. TO THE EDITOR OF THE HERALD. Sir-Dr Shellshear is in error in supposing that the removal of the Liffey bar was completed in 1825 very greatly in error That bar cannot even be said to be removed at the present time , it is still there it has been lowered, that is all, and the lowering has been a continuous process, and is still going on. It is not so many years ago that large vessels had to wait for the tide, and when I was in Dublin Mr J R? I have known some vessels to be very shy at crossing at low tides I have never, said that Mr. Stoney designed or originated these works at Dublin , but enough has been done during his term of office in the strengthening, straightening, and extending them to quite justify my remarks Mr ShollBbenr takes advantage of a slip of the printer, occuring in my letter dated 27th ultimo, to once again elaborate the view he holds together with the rest of the world, about the action of the waves in forming mer bars, and which he imagines to be unrecognised by the gentlemen of the Harbours and Rivers Department All I can say is, I shall not again disturb Mr. Shellsheann that comfortable connection Notwithstanding your correspondent's remarks about the rainfall and drainage area, I believe I am right in saying that 11 months out of the 12 there is but a very small fresh in our rivers compared to the rivers referred to at home, and it is questionable if the effects produced by a road would not be soon neutralised by the continuous action of the surf , but I will here repeat, nobody can speak with weight on the subject without knowing the rivers thoroughly Mr bhellBhear has not told us yet what experience he has had on the subject, and we are left in ignorance as to whether he has been visited any of our bar- bound harbours, neither has he, in answer to my challenge, given one instance of having brought forward even the ghost of an original idea on the subject I am accused of indulging in personalities, but all I have done is to question Mr bhellsbear's right to be considered un- authority on the subject, and I believe the majority of your readers will consider it necessary for that gentleman, in order to maintain his position, either to bring forward some new idea, or to be able to speak from experience Merely quoting from the minutes of the proceedings of the Institution of Civil Engineers will hardly meet the point, considering that we have a staff of gentlemen who have been annually trained to harbour works, and ore constantly plan using the same. I am, etc, I """bills" MERVAL. MILLER, ' Railway Camp, "WaIlsend,.Decor_ber 3, 1884. 