The Power .of the Tongue. ] Br Mbs. H. Baxter,™ tub." Chbistian. Hbbald." ! v * V' .-V ■ ! 6 D1 HATH and life are in" the power of Jtlie tongue,' says the wiso man (Prov. rriii. 21). And our golden' textsays^'By tli'y words thou ehalt bb justified, and by thy wdrda thou (halt he condenmed.'. If we" were our selves to undertake-'the management of this little member which' boa-teth great thing?, Ve might well shrink from' the task, and ,bo readyj like some of the old ascetics,.to bury ourselves in deserts, away from all intercourse with man, lest this dangorons 'power of the tongue.' should be oxercisod to our own destruction• or. that of others. David telW us what his ex perience was in "this. matter,'.'.I said, I .will take heed to my ways, that X sin not. with my tongue s X will keep my mouth with a bridle,, while the wicked is before 'me.' But this plan did not answer, for in keeping his tongue,from evil, ho kept it from good also,' and refused the .use of it to God. ' I was dumb with silence I held my peace, even from good' Then, he got into despondency; ho says, 'My sorrow was stirred. My heart was hot within mo j while I was musing, the fire burned; then spake:I with my tongue' (Ps.xxxii.1-3). The pressure which he had put upon himself only produced uneasiness,' as we see from the words which follow. But later on we find ho had found- a' better Keeper, and says (Pe. exli 3),''Seta watch, O Lord, before my mouth; keep tho door of my lips.' " j James tells ua that 'If any man offend npt in word, the same is a perfect man, and abjo also to bridle the whole body.' He has said before, 'Let patience1 Have ber perfect work, that ye may be perfect and entire, wanting nothing* (James i. 4). Thus patience'and;a enbject tongue are absolute necessities . far God's perfect man. O how clearly this shows us that no - self-power con tame tlio tongue; it is only a spirit tamed and conquered by God which manifests itself in a consecrated tongue. There is nothing in which onr spirit or the Spirit of God manifests itself so much as in our words. One who is full of self will unconsciously turn the conversation to himself. If the work of God is-spoken of ho will be sure to mention that in which' he him self is engaged. If some distinguished person is mentioned, he will be sure to say what he knows of him, what he has said to him, or repeat any remark which he has made about him Ton Bee from his conversation that he is. always thinking about himself, that the thought of himself is never absent ; by his .word s he is condemned. Let a man have a harsh, judging spirit," it is sure to leak out in what he^ says about others. There will be 'an,asperity, a disfavonrable way of looking at all which the other does; by his wordshe will be- con demned as a harsh man. . Let a professing Christian be worldly, and attempt to talk religion with religious "piople: 'he will get hold of the very phraseology which they employ, but the wolf in Bheep's clothing is sure to howl by-and-hy, as soon as something personal is said, and by his words he will be condemned as worldly. Let a Christian talk of rest in Christ, and seek to explain the doctrine ever bo clearly, then let some very vexatious thing happen—the soup be spilled over a new silk dress, the cabman cause the loss of a train on which some important engagement depends, the little words. 'How tiresome 1' 'One can never depend on these London cabmen,' betrays at once that the real rest is wanting. ; James spoke of the tongue as a .' fire, a world of iniquity : so is tho tongue amoDg our mem bers, that it defileth the whole body, and seltbth on fire the course (or wheal) of nature ;!and it' is set on fire of hell.' Sstan knows the power of the tongne, he knows what suffering and: what sin may follow a few words spoken,. 0 how many hearts have been broken; by. the: tongne of another i O how many livra have been ruined, and souls lost, by the deceitful tongue of one who persuaded that sin was not sin! How many a fair young life haB been blasted, and driven into shame, despair, per haps sejf-destiu dion, by listening to tho satinic tongue of some decoiver iu whom she trusted! James declares that all the wild beasts can be tamed, and have been tamed of man, ' but the tongue can no man tame,' that is reserved for a mightier than man. One alone has lived of whom it is written, ' Who did no sin, neither was guile founcf in His mouth' (I Peter ii 22); and a tongue surrendered to Him may become a ceaseless fountain of blessing. James says, 'Therewith bless we God, even the Father ; and therewith curse we men, which are mado after the similitude of God. Oat of the same mouth proceedeth blessing and cursing; my. brethren, these things ought not so to be,' And he goes on to show that a foun tain cannot send forth at the same outlet sweet water and bitter. That which is within must come out; tho fountain must be right, in order that that which proceeds from it may be right also. Paul says,' Let no corrupt com munication proceed out of your mouth; but that which is good to the use of edifying, that it may minister grace unto the hearers' (Kph iv. 29). Thus we see it is the Lord's will that we should be fountains of grace through the tongue, and ministfrs of blessing whenever we open our lips. The Lord Jesus goes yet farther, and tells His disciples,' When they deliver you up, take no thought how or what ye shall speak | for it shall be given yo« jn that same. hour what yo shall spoak; for it iB notye that speak, but the Spirit of your- Father - which spedkolh .in'yon* (Mutt.' x. 19). O how great' the contrast K-our tongues aro 'oithor worlds' of iniquity or channels of' the Holy Ghost, according as wo arc possessed of self, andopen.to. tho power of Satan, or yielded up, tongues aud all, a living saorifiso to God, to ho at. lids disposal! 1 have ofton heard it said of a man of God on the Oontinont; 1 Ho speaks little, but one can never forget anything which he says.'; What is the secret of thie ? Not ho speaks,.but the Spirit of God in him. There are.some people who cannot open their lips but that they wound somebody; whore is the love 'of-God'in theao hearts? There sure others: who icannot speak many words before they haro made every one feel at ease, a gleam of sunshino; seems to hare come into the room ;{ sorrowful ones are comforted, dull onoB 'are "amused, lonely oqes . feel at home, thos6 who have' difficulties feel they, .can••• speak ; them , out:; ■ what ib the vsccrct of.thia ? Some would say natural amia bility. . No, that will not stand a severe test, and cinhSt g.-t on when it is not appreciated— it is " tho lore of Godslied abroad in our hearts by tho ■ Holy Gh st'which is given unto ns,' (Bom. t. 5) ; it is a man - surrendered, God used tongue. : The apostle asks, 'Who is a wise man and endued with knowledge among yon?, Lot him show out of a good conversa tion'his'works with meokneBB of wisdom.' Ho describes this 'wisdom' (ver. 17), ' The wisdom that is from above iB first pure, then peaceable, gentle,;', and easy to be ehtreated.' : Nature is always.,, contentious, contradictory,, inclined to take tho coutrary sidd; and. this leads to hard words, and wounded feelings j but God's wisdom' is peaceable, inclined rather to agree, than . disagree; gentle, not by self restraint, hut ,'inBtinetively: ' easy to be in treated ' Some people are very, difficult, to be intreated : you come to them with the convic tion that they will naturally take the other side, and bristle all over like a porcupine-r but ripe Christians are always so ea9y of acceeB, to he in treated,.'the love, side always towards one, and so gentle in showing why .not, that one. feels almost glad to havo been iu the wrong m order to be so sweetly put right agam Then tliis wiidqm, which results in good conversation, is 'full.ofmercy and good fruity,' always seeing the ; hopeful. side of . everybody and Of evorything: **without wrangling.' A man j thus wiso waits till God' has ' opened the. eyes of another, rather than enter into ! any dispute, because ho doOa not cafe lo; prove that he himself: is in .the right, and bo knows God is quite able to bring the other .one round; and so while full of mercy, he is * without hypocrisy,', loving, and thus winning, those who differ. The reverse of this picture is ' bitter envying and strife'.' From such a fountain the. tongue sets on fire the wheel of na'ure, all the feelings and pro pensities of put; animal parti .'.This wisdom descen'deth hot' from above, but is earthly, sensual (or natural), devilish,' three terrible i degrees. ' ' And the fruit of righteousness is sown in peace of them that make peace.' < Who aro the. peacemakers? Burely they whose tongues are bridled by God. What then is the practical teaching of this lesson?- - Surely this) to abandon ourselves to tho Lord without reserve, ■ that all we- are m»y serve. His purpose, and. that thesis dangerous, instruments which we cannot tamo, and -which, have already done, so much-evil, may in His hands become unin terrupted channels of blessing. But this is useless unless we count upon the fiord's under taking this thing. If :we thus surrender our selves, it is not into empty space, but. into the all-powerful hand of our holy God, who says, ' Behold I make all things new' (Rov. xii. 5). A young Christian who -had boon rather a wit' when in the world, and very free'! with', her tongue, was deeply con victed aiter her conversion of the sin of , the tongue. , She attempted to take the matter into her own hands, and succeeded in so mastering herself as to be noticed for her constrained silence. But from time to time she would break out. into bitterer satire, more unkind remarks) or more foolish ones than ever she did while in the .world. At last, in self-despair, she threw herself upon the Lord, and handed all' over'to Him: the re-ult has been a blessed change, the Lord Himself making use of her often mostnn expccteoly, and Himself restraining the old pto pen'i'ics. He waits to be trusted. Let us trust him Wly. . , ' . j Romantic Stoey.—The following romantic 8tor}- is related by the Msto Tori- Timet of April 21 -.—The brief story of the long love! of; Silrian courted Catharine at Palmyra, Lebanon county, Venn., 60 yeare ago. A'lovor'a quarrel separated them. Oven married another. So did Miss Radd. Ibeir putners both'died 40 years ago. Oven and the lady came together again end were to he married, but they had trouble the second timo.. Tile widow married a man named Nash. Cvcn also re-married. Some timo ago lie was loft a widower the second time, und.eho soon afterwards- became the widow fv'li-h.. They have now ut last been married after 60 yeare, be at'80 and ebo at 81. CoHmo op Aok.—Tho period of majority has varied considerably. Under Roman law it was fiiod at 25 years, and some persons in Eng land still endeavour to perpetuate this usage. The selection of .21 as the age in England is probably duo to that numbor being a climacteric number, as the product of the climactorio num bers three and soven when,, multiplied.. The position of tho first poriod of seven years of lifo in Englislrlaw is a matter of folk-lore, and lias not, 1 think, boon generally noticed. At. seven marriage is lawful, 14 is the ago of puberty, and 21 full ago. Undor gavelkind tenure, the full age of a male is 14, and ho can'tbon,convoy land. The customs of Bosbam Manor, Sussex of ancient demesne), fixed full age of : a xnsla at 18 und'a female at 16.—; ' Frederick IB. Bawf tt," in " JTotp »na Q»«rie|. 