¡¿F0RT1NQ INTELLIGENCE. BY TELEGRAPH.] (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENTS.) THE V. A. T. C. AUTUMN MEETING. MELBOURNE, SUNDAY. The race meeting held on the Caulfield course on Saturday afternoon by the Victoria Amateur Turf Club was not a success so far as attendance was concerned, in consequence of the wet weather. Only comparatively a few persons ventured to the course. The following are the particulars of the racing : SAILING RACE 6 furlongs. Mr. S. Miller's Tului (IVomey) .,' ^ 1 Mr. J. R. Cowell's Queen Bess (Cracknell's Mr. H. Connolly's Lalla Rookh (Gardiner). 3 Bystander was also a starter. Tulta led home all easy winner by a length and a half. Time, 1 minute 20 seconds. HANDICAP HURDLE MARCEL miles. Mr. A. F. Sullivan's Yately (Batty). 1 Mr. J. O. Inglis' Brenda (owner) is Mr. G. Cripp's Dawdler ; Richardson Vanguard, Avalanche, Zanga, Ned Kelly, Merry Maid, and Berwick also started, and Yately landed an easy winner by a length. Time, 3 minutes 15 seconds. GLEN HUNTLEY HANDICAP mile. Mr. M. Jacob MeriYJiR (Craounoll) ... 7, Mr 6\. Grimwood's Meander (Cooke) is Mr. S. Mahon's Relbia (J. Burton). 8 Boolka, Euchre, Phantom, Countryman, DuenUa, Liberator, Raillery, Impulse, and Sulphuric started. Betting 3 to 1 v. Miller, 4 to 1 each v. Liberator and Merryjig, 100 to 10 v. loser. Countryman was first away, Meander being next ; Boolka had a bad start, and was last of all. Rising the far hill, Countryman was leading Meander ; Dueuiw. Phantom, and LeBbia were next in that order. Rounding the far turn the leading division were running in the name officer. At the sodwall Meander went to the front, and Countryman was next very close up, with Phantom very handy. Marrying was creeping upon the inside, and Lesbia was next. Meander led into the" straight well in front of everything, and M>rr\\-jitr was not, going under the whip. In the (straight Cracknell set to work on Merryjiir, and gradually gained on the leader. Meander was caught about 80 yards from home, and was soon disposed of, and Marrying won comfortably by a length. Meander was second. Lesbia was not a couple of lengths off, Phantom was fourth. Impulse 6fth, Liberator sixth, and Sulphur last. Time, 1 minute 17 seconds. HANDICAP ST_8P__CHASK-2 miles. Mr. G. Glasscock's Bliiol.ihom (M'Leod)... _, 1 Mr. R. Clutncy's Otirymlii I King). 3 Mr. E. Weekes'Llíotte (Kilduff) 8 Australian Court, Nooning, Black Jacket, Stampede, and Starlight were also starters for this event. Betting : 3 to 1 v. Chrysalis, 4 to 1 each v. Noorong and Lizette, 6 to 1 each v. Blackthorn and Stampede. Stampede was in front as they went away, but he was soon pulled back, and Chrysalis took up the running, Blackthorn, Noorong, Starlight, and Stam- peace following in that order. At the sodwall Chrysalis was still in front, Blackthorn and Lizette were next, the latter striking the Mall and losing ground Stampede fell, and rolled over his jockey Malone, who was badly hurt. Chrysalis led over the forces in front of the stand: Blackthorn and Starlight were next, very close up ; Noorong and Lizette were together a couple of lengths away, and Australian quart followed after a gap of about eight lengths, Black Jacket being a long way off. Chrysalis led along the back stretch, with Blaekthein, Noorong, Lizette, and Starlight folio-. size; in that order, the last-named tailing off as they went on. On reaching the sodwall Blackthorn went up to Chrysalis, and Noorong VTIJB drawing up to the leading pair. At the next fence Chrysalis, Blackthorn, and Noorong were very close together, when Noorong struck and came down. Chrysalis then had a slight advantage to the turn for home, but was passed by Blackthorn as they headed for home, and was beaten by three lengths. Lizette was a fair third, end Starlight was next, with Black Jacket a long. way off. Time, i minutes 35 seconds. TUP. ARMADALE HANDICAP 5 furlongs. Mr-. 8. Grimwood's Meander .." 1 Mrs. O. Reid's Ta- Ghost (Walker) 2 Mr. J. R. Cowell's Castaway (Make) 8 Eighteen others started. Meander led all the way, and won comfortably by a couple of lengths. Time, 1 minute 11 seconds. 2 