THE REV. J. 0. KIRBY ON SO0I1L PUHITY. A talk to men only, under the title ' Men and Women.' was delivered by the Bev. J. C. Kirby at the Y.K.O.A. halloa Tuesday even ing. There wat a crowded attendance, and Mr. James Smith occupied tha chair. He introduced the l-ciarer by speaking in eulo gistic terms of the courage ha had displayed by bringing this matter eo prominently before the South Australian public Mr. KlBBV, who was received with cheers, began by fcajiug he was not tbe originator ot such measures for the promotion of social purity, legislative and otherwise, aa he had advocated at various times because he felt boucd by his conscience so to da. He was merely a disciplr, sitting at the feet cf such teatbirs as Mrs. .Josephine Butler, Sir. Sheen, barrhtcr-atl&w;, Mr. Joseph Dyer, atd others. He would take bis text th&t; eight from Tennyson— ' Tbe wcm&n;'s cause ia manV, they rise or fctiik together, dwarfed or godlike, band or free.' An eloquent legislator had recently told tbcnj, ia bis we.nd6rings through the gatden of poetry, that — ' All women are xafees at heart.' He taw no beauty in that line; and his im prcsUon was that it was false witness con ceining the gentler sex. (Hear, hear) Saab an idea, It entertained, would exercise a very deleterious influence on the lives of both 3 oong and old men. No dcubt there were both wemrn and men of bad propensities, but It was in almost every case the designing Ecduccr— with his flattery, gifts, and promises — wfco accomplished the rain of tho young, an Eusfccticg girl, who yielded herself to his slmulnted affection, or elte, »5 was of tea the Bed cace in the great cities of Europe, the girls were driven on tbe streets by misery end starvation. He knew of a case in Brls bate where two young sisters, well brought up, but left in poor circumstance?, went out bs governesses. They were strangers in the city, and one sister fell ill ; and to maintain her the other sister sacri&ced; her purity. It was a foolieh thing for her to da in a city lifce Brisbane, where she had only to maka hti sister's case known among g'hilanthrcpic people in order to alleviate it ; BTid when once the circumstances were known the had the means given her to abandon the wtetched life which in her heart she hated. It was sometimes ssid that women were boDnd over to a good life, because the cocse qcecccti of indiscretion were so much mare grievous to them than to the male sex. Well, the consequences were grievous, bat the temptations to the women were, ai he had pointed out, in many instances much heavier than they could be to men. With regard to solicitation, the speaker said the earns realties should apply to men ai to women. (Cnecrf.) The preserving effect of a mother's influence over her daughter's career was fc&own; in the fact that of the girls admitted Into the Magdalen Hospital at Glasgow cinetj-two out of every hundred were mother less girls. All young men should form a high ideal of woman, of what she is, and what she ought to be. Some men made the alleged evil propensities of women an argument why the law should not protect little girls under fifteen, but he would tell them tbat the man who could be allured by the attractions of little girls under fifteen was not a man at all, and stood lower than the beasts of the field themselves. (Applause.) It was not the young girU who were dan gerous ; it was the mature woman who had geno upon the street to make a market of her charms, and who showed how the corruption of the best could produce the worst. In all cases where & young man was solicited or sllurrd, whether by women of the streets or by women of evil propensities stich as were represented by Potiphar's wife, he adjured him to remember and to follow the example sot him in the biblical story, and to dare to be E, Joeepb. [The whole audience herestood up acd sang ine hymn— 4' Dare to be a Danicl.'j The lecturer then entered fully into tie tubject of the social evil, describing vividly the dangers both to purse and health which were run by young men who thought thty w«re clever enough to go just as far in vicicus courses as was compatible with safety to thpmsolvei. He drew a harrowing picture of the ghastly diseases to which such a wanderer amid vicious pleasures laid himself cpen, one of these maladies being described by tbe great physician, Sir William Gull, as so thoroughly permeating a man'* whole frame and being, tbat were his very ghost after death to rise from the grave it would be still infected by it. Two at three tiicrs in the course of hi-i ministrations he had been called to the deathbeds of men dying of this terrible complaint, and the sight was one cf the most dreadful imaginable. If he was asked who was worse than a murderer he would answer that it was the man who knew he had such a disease, and yet was so infamous a wretch, and so lost to every higher feeling, as to dare to cohabit with any woman. (Cheers.) If it were possible to make ench a thing penal it should be done, but there were some crimes that must be left to tbe punishment of God alone. The lecturer then touched en the means adopted to eradicate such complaints, and stated that the attempt to overcome them by legislative ecactments and police regulations had failed. In Glasgow the people felt some years ago tbat these scourges, arising as they did from ? sin, could not be eombatedin this manner, and they therefore contented themselves with opening a hospital which give reiiy aim's eton to female patients. Taa results ot this moral sjttem had been toe diminution of all cl«MfS of these diseases, and at tha same time a general improvement of the condition of affairs in that city. Mr. Kirby coucladad with some earnest words of admooition, and was awarded a hearty vote of thanks. 