BECOES QOF ATEL1J U1AWE. (Br T'AE GjtQST,) June 2, The Pgllinmentnry wooek in the Victorian Assombly has beon devoted to the discussion of the Federation and Aenexation resolutibns brought forward at the Sydney Convention: Why there should have boon sd much talk upon a" question upon which eovry ' member was ngreet, is one of thoso things whilch no one unecquahited withl the course of ILgislativo proccudings cmn fully understandl. .No one neetold any coovinaing nor any enlightenoment. The quo.tion was not a party one, and yet noslly every honourable member thought it inotumbent upon limself to silako a speoeh on the eubjoot.: Aftoer Mr. Sorvicalhad spoken, the matter might just an well have been settled out of hand. The Premier dealt so exihaustively with his theme that he left orators who were to follow him nothing to say. And when Mr. Pearson, in his scholarly and Dundreary way, had said it, the Speaker might have at once put the question to the h-fouse. " ?luncomt?o " had, however, to be talked to; and so one after another hbnourablo gentlemeon jroceeded-as history is said'to do- to repeat themselves, thus prolonging the debate over three nights. When Mlinisterialists and Oppositionists npree, it is wonderful how unanimous they are. Will the other colonies of the Australasian group accept the resolutions of the Sydney Conven tion as Victorio has dono? Aye, there's the rub. for until they do Lord Derby will still continue to display hi' ",'ntrly inactivity. On Tuesday ihIr: Ju.aa 1l'Intyte, who re turned by the last smailboat, made his appoar annoo in the Assembly, and was very cordially greeted by the Opposition, to whosoe ranks, as an obstructionist of no melan powers, he ia a decided acquisition. Hils msission, undertaken with the object of placing thie mines of Alldlon, of which constituoncy he is the choson reprle sentative, on the London mtarket was nlot anl unqualified success. Tile British lublic failed to respond to the appeal to invest and become wealthy beyond the potentiality of arasice. This blindness is much to be. regretted; not perihaps so much on their own accou?t as on that of thte honourablo gentleman, who, h]ad ho floated his venture, would have netted some £25,000. Loess patriotic efforts Iave been known, in the history of our Legislature, to have met with even greater rewards than this. But then there was no "sottled policy of the country,"and alterations in the Customs duties enabled those behind the scenes successfully to " work the oracle." Mr. M"'Intyre was an unknown quantity in the political world when treaurero were able to tritng in ensationul budgets, and by raising tile duty on imported spirits from five to ten shillings, first clearing all their own stook out of bond, to make a fortune and establish their reputation as sound finauciers at one and the same time. Tite arrival of the Victorian gun and torpedo boats hna. been one of the memorabilia of the week. With thseo additions to our fleet, we should now be able to show a bold front to any Ierely likely to attack us, and oven to resist the invitaslo of those delightful gentlemen, tie recidivistos of Noew Caledonia, should Mr. Sorvics's prediction become an actuality. Tito advent of the vessels was, as a matter of course, made the occasion of a little Parliamentary junketing and Goversment chamtlogne tlto brand, tnow tlhat Mr. L. L. Smiths sis for a time quitted the political arena, being no longer rcctede Bottzy, but tRoederer's gold ton flowed everywhere, oxcupting down blue ribbon throats. The most pleasant feature of the little outling was the good feeling shown by the Iresont Ministry towards their predecessors in ofiles, undor whose ausnices tbe vessels had beoon ordered in England. Speoial invitations woere issued to Sir Bryan O'Loghlen and his colleagues in the former Government. Thise little attoentions are of the kind that go far towards toning down the acerbities of political life, and making till public men kin. Lovers of tile sensational have beoen able during the week to sup full of horrors. Ilosanna Plummer, a yotung girl who loved not wisely, has beent committed by a coroner's jury for the cold sloodtd murdor of hIer infant. A solicitor's articled clerk named Elwes has shot hhnself in a railway carriage, and thel Court have been engaged investigating two charges of nturder. The jury in one case found the rufllan Browning, who.had spent a couple of hours in beating the wife of his bosom to death with a washing.board, guilty of manslalugllter, thus cheating the gallows of its due; and in the other, where Jamnes IHawthorne wnas chargeol with killing his brother, were unable to agree, nineo being in favour of an nequittal, and three tmnintaining the guilt of the accused. Tile prisoner has been remanded to the next ses eioas, when in all probability Ihe will be declared not guilty, and yet another added to the long list of undetcteted murders in Victoria. Tihe solicitors are determined in the defence of high fees to die hard.- Their ondeavour to Induce the judges of tile Supreme Court to amend the rule fixing the costs on the lower scle, except when otherwise directed- by the Court, having proved unsuccessful, they are now appealing to Mr. Servico as head of theo Governmoent, and intend peotitioning Parliament on the subject. It is somowlat strange that so shrewd a gentletentt as Mr. M. II. Davies, M,L.A. for St. Kilda, has proved himself to he, and who introduced tle deputati on to the Premier, should be so little able to gaueo the feeling of the Assembly as to imagine hI will gain the b sypathty of the House. Laovyers proverbially bohos few friends, ndl it needs nst great gift of preccience to Ibe able to prophecy that very few honourahble members outsid the lprofession will favourably entoertain the prayer of the gentlemen of the long robe. ItRumour has it that before long society is to be shocked by a tale to be told in our Divorce Court, in which two merchants of high standing in the commrerial world will figure iu any thing but a favourablo light. It will be well, however, if yielding to the advioe of friends a very unpleasant episode in our sooial life does not attain further publicity thau it has already done. No one but the scandal-mongers will regret the settlement of the affair without the intervoention of the Ltsw Courts. Just at present there is some talk, and a good deal of correspondence in the metropolitan journals, in regard to the propriety of erecting a ionumlent to tlhe memory of Batnlan or Fawkner, or both of them, as pioneers of thile colony. The proposal htas revived the old dis nsslbi?n as to whom the honour really belongs. The dispute on the subject tends to show how unreliable history at timles must be. Events scarce haltf a century old-for Victoria was settled in 1821.25-arc made the matter of assertion and- counter-assertion, and still left in doubt. Would not the bettor plan ba to leave the question in abeyanoe ? Datman, it is true, might be idealised in a statue; but "Johnny IFawkner" never! Neither of these "discoverosa" is said to have boeen a lassical scholar. Had they boon, doubtless the propo sition to hand them down to fame in bronze or marble would have been scouted by boh.' They would assuredly, with a wave of the hand, have exolaimed se molulentuel t?tl quaris, circume . spire Theatrical matters in Melbourno are fairly brisk. " The Blue Iibboll of the Turf," after a week's run at the Opera House, is to hbe with drawn to-night in favour of the aonoational drama "The Outcasts, otr Daed il tilhe Snow." At the Royal "The Planttr's Wifo" replaces "Notre D.vno," and at thle Bijou, Aliss Emolie Melville still draws large hlouses in opera bouflo, "La Orando Duchesso" now enjoying a good run. At the Princess, Iiss Mlario do Guy and her clover London Comedy Company are crowd insg the house nightly to witness " She Stoops to Conquer." 