CAULFIELD TRAINING NOTES. Although yesterday was one of tho pleasantcst mornings yet experienced at Cnulfield, tho doings wcro of the tail est description. Being one of tbo off d«ays, very little galloping was snown, ami that uacl to bo conhn'Jd to the inner track, the courao proper having been closed. Some jumping was the only roliot to tho monotony of thu morning's work, Additional nccouimodalioo Capable of holding at least 300 people is being provided by extending the stand next the press box, and this, with the enlargement of tho erection near the weigh ing enclosure, will bo the means of relieving the pressure which is 9ure to take place on Cup day. Connolly gavo Frieadless four good rounds, jump ing tbo fcnco3 in grand style. This little horse is in rare fettle. He also gavo Veritas and others of hi team useful work. Angler, Orlando and Midnignt cantered, and Orlando spirted. Higinbothatn's lot were doing medium pace work, Le Grand looked well and moved along liko clocfc work ; Capri, im proving every day, went a Utile faster tor two rounds on tbo track. Tho fastest work shown was between Norfolk and Grace Darling, who did a pipo opener for a mile, tho Cnp candidate striding along very freely. The Ghost, Burra Bnrra nnd Mincio, nil in the samo stable, went slowly sovcral rounds. Batty had liis four out. Dc-eivor and Ontario, jumpers, and Umberto and Yalely, tbo latter wus very anxious to stretch his work and did modcrato exercise on tbo middle track. Jones gavo Melodious, with O'Brien up, a sharp cautcr, this handeoino littlo cbe?tnut going along with her accustomed vigor. First Fop, Violet and Sir Samuel can- 1ered. Leek sent Scaramouch serviceable work, and Strugqlcr, his mate, with Allan up, was worked nt a slow pace, jumping very well. Robinson had Vivian, with Merry Fetinella beiug led, doing mild exercise. Cupola, with the sweat -rs on, put in a eonplo of rounds at u better pace. The Tasmaninn steeplechaser — Echo— who much rescrabios Tho Ghost in ap pearance, was exorcising and jumped ono fence, he is looking very well after the trip. Rapid, a bit stiff, went slow work. Tbe Kilmany Park borscs, in Gray's earn, performed well, getting along at a fair oaco— Gasnlicr and Tattler especi ally. Coriolanus, Kingfisher, Tippity Witchitt and Canute were cantering. Gilderoy and Spar tan — with tho sweaters on—put in stno useful work. Davis's David, D.irgo, Ditto and Cxtnorinn all went well. Tho scratch ing of Camcrino for the Cup wns a dis- nppointmcnt to admirers of tho mnro nnd ber chance for the Cup. The Don Giovanni — Fleet- wiue colt was tbe last to appear and exercise. Tho inner track was not quite dry, consequently the middle was the only one that could he used. To-day aomo fas-, work will bo dono, tho courao being open and something ocosutioual may bo expected. 