,:loIGHOEPS. 'O. .AlELBOURNE. (BY THE GHOST.) . May 23. i At the present nom'ent the crumpled leaf in the Ministerial bed of roses is the pertinacity of the unemployed. Govern ments have, as'a rulo, shown thdeiselves so paternal towards the' working classes that now, whenever ad contractor didcharges a' couple of score of men on the completion of any work, the dismissed ones forthwith form themselves into a deputation, under the leadership of one of the most forward and leather-lunged of their number, anid march off in procession to interview the members of the . Administration, . and, demand work at wages to bofixed by them-' selvesi' It 'ceitainly must have 'caused a sivere wrench to the democratic feelings of Mr.: Deakin, 'the Minister of Public .Worksil?n l.thit godntlemaln refused on Monday to see th chosesi spbkesman of the paid-off Harbour Trust labourers, and requested that four-of- the gathering clamouring at his idoor for employment-at nothing'less than seven shillings per day of eight hours - should be sent into: his room. For) in days of 'yore, when, the 'Minister 'was' in hliis hot political youth-- during: his "salad days"' of mem bership-when le sat in Opposition, he'has himself 'kiocked' at the Treasury doors, asking that the Government should find work for the "willinglhands," seeking it in vain. But lempora multantr cl nos muta mour in illis ! Now he deems it no longer, the iprovince of'Government to institute relief works. Age may hlao brought him wisdom, or perchance he may remember howl liis colleague, , Mr. Service, .was broight to signal gfief-and by another of his'.,present colleagues, by the way--for offering the unemplo yd of the dayr four, shillings for stonebreaking, and, according. to Mr. Berry, ecpressing the opinion that'. "a tent and ten shilings a week' Iwore amply sufficient for the Victorian 'working man.". Of course :Mr. Service never said anythiing of the kind. But the accusation bore fruit at the time, alienated what, the present Chief Secretary is fond of. terming "the sympathies of the' masies," and put Mr. Borr'y into power vice Mr.' Servicie. Now that the two gentlemen are sorn allies, it would be curious to know iheither the slander . has ,been forgotten and for given. If not, how the Premier and the Chief Secretary nust love each other! Meanwhile, these two gentlemen and their colleaguoes meet' almost daily 'in. solemn and 'lengthened conclave, to discuss the measuresato be introduced when the fast' approaching tenth of iJuno again brings them face to' face with Parliament, and subject them t thet' flr of Major Smith, Mr. Mirams, and the- two or three adherents these honoudable Oppositionists now boast." Mr;: M'Intyre, the :lipertbf tho'cross, benchesai having boee unsuccess ful in' inducingi thoi British' capitalist to invest his spare 'cashin'thelimines.:of' the lhonourable members': coiistitiedots, is has toning:, back asI' fast- as- Peninsular;and Oriental mail boat" can carry, himui and Mr. 'Pattesbni, the champion of Protestant ism--or for that matter of any other ' ism " that happens to suit- who has had. his foot on his native heath, and has' been lecturing on Australia to his "' townies" of Alnwick, is to leavb home in July to be in time to take part in any struggle.that hay takoplace betweenthe 'ins" and the"outs." At leastlMr.Pattersbu has announced this as:his. present intention. But then the member for Castlemaino has a reputation for changing his mind at the last moment, and as there is but a very remote chance of any gain accruing from hastening back, may only return just in time before the session closes to save his seat. I For all oilse sees or hears of the Acting Governor the colony might just as well bo without, any, ofllcial representative of her hidst Gracious Majesty. His only public appearance has been at the concert at the Town Hall for the beiefit of Mr. Elsilssir, 'which-incidentally be it said-was a great 'success, and realised nearly.g200 for-the charitable purpose it was designed to fur ther. But : the abode of vice royalty is closed; dark. are the halls of. the guberi natorial' residence in the Domain, and Sir William Stewll luhas not thrown open his private residence at Ke?i for any lavish display of hospitality.' So much does lihe respect the Queen's grief that the.rojoicings incidental to the anniversary of her natal dayare to be liostponed until thIe advent of Sir Henry 'Loch. And. aepropos of 'her Majesty's 'expressed desire, to 'have no "hirthlday.kept," does it not savour somlo whit of the' gnat'aind camel bsisiness to go one's saelf' to a wedding of one's gritud daughter, and deny to others the right to put.a recognised feb 'day to its legitimate use; and debar her loal subjects, thd s'wibrld bver, from taking theirpsleasure sadly, as old Froissart lias long placed it on record is the' fashibn, among English speaking races ? :, "'alitawill lie do withl it " is the question now being asked in regard to 'the knight hood proffered to Mr. Service. The safest prophecy to venture is thiat the llonouiable gentleman will decline the honour. loot that he is in any way avorse to rank and positiobn ibutthe Premiei's'entance' inito the rhiiks of British chivalry, would codfer the `distihetioni f I"My .Lady" on the legitiiate partner of his joys and sorrows, a contingency which,; owing to certiin domestic arrangements of the Service houisehold, would hardly be in accordance with "the eternal fitness of things." There are certainly two methods by which the little, difliculty might 'be over'comuie the heiil'of the Governmentmighitjoin tflti Mformon body, or embrace Mohamedanism. Mr. Service is hardly likely, however, to adopt either of those alternatives, and "the coirecbt tip.",.is therefore that when the :kniglithood is offered it will be. declined with thalns.: ' , Iin some , telegrams from. London; Mr. Berry 'has also been' designated .as a re cipient in prospective of the same distinc tion . as ,that intended for his ,chief. Should the .., offer beh made, .the smembei for Geelong. leis .already,,. an-. noiinced, that lie intends to refuse .it. A.titlo would, the honourable gentleman, affects to think', ill befit the leadesr of "a fierce deii'ocracy." .As plain "Mir'," Berry, he has been thei head of an Sembassy." With the same' hiumble pre fix tahis name he' was the hero of j' Black Wednesday,'' and the 'leader. ,of the Radical party in Victoria, aid without "the 'adveutitious aid of birth andrank"' he his been. tiken to the Conservative and aristocratio bosoms of: Messrs. Kerfird,. Levien, and.: .Gillies. . He requires no handle to his name to assist in handing. down his'famo as a tribune' of the people to future generations of Australians.' But it is not quite certain that' any proffer of'. a knignthood to' the Chief Secretary 'will, ever be made, and, under the 'circuustances,. the rejection of agift. that has, not yet been tentdered recalls?' somewhat pointedly the; old fable of the fox and the grapes. The Melbourne Presbytery has deter? mih'neh to take a leaf out of the book.of the. Presbytprian General', Assombly, and on' Tuesday. "cleared t'he :galleries" of those "pestilent? pressmen" who have likened their'proceedings to those of the Inquisition and the Star Chamber,. and considerod a letter, received from the Rev. Charles Stroi'g, a?sking for . the ceritificato to which he is by law enititldd, with closed doors. Evidently the reverend gentlemoen do not carethat the fierce light of publicity shouild Ie)0 thrown upon their utterances. They have'hn objection to pouring out the vials of what Sir Charles Gacan Duffy was Teont 'to term " the blackbile of personal maligiiity " "upon the doyoted heads of. a brother ;. but they prefer .the amusement without the .responsibility of its conse quences.. The lay element in the Presby toery stronigly protested against the exclu sion of the reporters, but to no avail. So the " harrying "was conducted in private. The only advantage of 'this course is; that it allows all the speakers to stigmatise' any accoints 'of. their orations 'lthiat may' leak out as "garbled" and "untruthful." Should the' Revy. Charles Strong' returin to' "Rictoria it may prove inconvenient to some of his brethren tofind they have "burried their boats" and created,an impassable gulf betweeo . the late ' pastor of , Scots dhurch and themselves. Their classical[and theological' training renders them alive to the truth of the averment Litera scripta aneut, and they hold the stenographic art in holy' horror, ranking. it among the litcrm inhueiamorcs. The episode is not without significance; and were the rev. gentlemen who blush to give their proceed ings' fame wisein their generation, and un blinded by party feeling, they surely would see that disunion on important matters of Church government between the lay and the clerical elements portends a' change which may prove but the "beginning of the end." Foiled in their endeavour to sheet home the Pettavel murder to the escaped lunatic Donovan, the detective police have taken a new departure, and are about, it is said, to make, another arrest, this time having secured the real culprit., They have, however, made the task of associat ing any one else with the cline, by getting up the' evidence against the man first accused, so very difficult, that it is ox tremely problematical whether their second effort will prove as abortive as their first. It was positively sworn by the detectives and one of the black trackers that the im pressions left by the boots of the murderer corresponded exactly with those made by those of Donovan. As it is quite plain 'that the same hoots cannot have been worn by two different individuals at the samen time, the zealous police officers, by proving too.much, have cut the ground from under their own feet. Any proceedings against any .other person that may. he charged with feloniously killing and slaying Wil liam, Beech will end as did the former ones. Lovers of. the sensational will perforce have to postpone thime indulgence of theh'i greed for the horrible for some little time. Hawthorn, the alleged Brighton fratricide, anid Browning, "the Emerald Hill wife slayer, have both asked to have their trials .postponied for a month, and the Suireme Court has granted the request: Another instance, of how humanity endeavours to ward off the inevitable. Morgan, the' Panmure murderer, can no, hlowever,'forotell, 'with a tolerable de greo of certainty, the date of' his own demise:. "The law' is to' take its course on Monday week. ."Perhaps nioiw thliat'all hope has'lieeii'taken from the criminal he may make confession of his crine, and the vexed question as toV " whethei he is or is not the' perpetrator of 'a deed, exactly similar, done in Tasmautia soue twventy-five years ago, be set at rest. 'There is 'little of moment to record in time theatrical world.: Miss Jeffreys-Lowis is; by the critics of the leading metropo litan ijournals,; pronounced a failure in "Fedora." However, the audience re called the new actress after every fall of the eurtain, and the Royal'continues to show a balance on the right side of the ledger. At the Opera House the Majeronis, in the "Old Corporal," continues to find favo'ur with a goodly number of play-goers. " Carmen," at the, Bijou, is still a great draw, a somewhat noteworthy. fact, as the music. is really high-cass, and entirely different in charactor from what is generally, by, the management, thoueht suited to the public taste. ," Carmen ' is to' give place shortly to "La Belle Helene." No change is yet announced at time Princess, wheroe '" The. Queen's Favourite'? nightly draws crowded houses, Miss Genevieve Ward being the chief attraction. INDIGESTION. is necessarily the offspring of a gastrie'disorder, whilo yet it is simul taneously the parent of more physical dis turbances than almost any. other malady. Nervotisness, irritability, impaired appe tite,nausea, heartburn,restlessness,clouded vision, and a hiost of otlher ailments, are its lineal inheritors. To destroy these is to remove the primal source, and Udolpho WTolfe's Schiedam Aromatic Schnapps strikes at the very fountain head, being at once an adjuvant, a tonic, a stimulant, and an appetiser. Krupp's gun-works in Germany arc said to have turned out 20,000 cannon. 