. THE SALVATION ARMY. i (From the - Sydney Tribune;) No less an authority "than the illustrious Shakespeare has laid down the doctrine that there is. not much in a name ; but the experi ence of Mr. William Booth,, the founder of the Salvation Army, has thoroughly disproved the theory of the poet. A rose, indeed, might not be appreciated less if it suddenly underwent a change in its name, and was called a . dahlia ; but neither does the public believe that, if a dahlia were given the name of the rose, it would have the effect of con vincing people that it possessed the charac teristics of the superior flower. But some thing analagous to this has taken plaee in the case of Mr. Booth and his army. But for an alteration in names, it .is certain that that gentleman wonld never have been known- bey ohd the limited circle of enthusiasts who are enamoured of what is known as revivalism ; he would have lived and died as the Rev. William Booth, preacher of the Gospel and evangelist.- And the movement, of which he is the controlling genius, would have never struggled out of an embryo state. About 15 years ago, Mr. Booth, who for some time had been a minister of the United' Methodist Church, but who left that communion simply because he . possessed a nature- that could brook no kind of control, was the conductor of au evangelistic organisation that, was knovvn as " The Christian Mission." .The name was a good one, and it had the merit of expressing exactly what the organisation in tended. But somehow the mission made no headway. It did not get itself noticed in the. newspapers. -It did not attract the attention- of any, of the churches. It . suffered no per secution.- It made no. victories. In fact it was such an insignificant thing,' that it was practically unnoticed amongst the thousand' activities of modern life. . Mr. Booth," no doubt, preached better then than ever he has preached since ; -at any rate, it may be -as-' /sumed, that he made as much noise, and per formed a"s many 'gesticulations! .But he was " vox et preterea nihil," and neither his fervid oratory nor his motions, convinced the stiff- necked generation, -that he had a. mission to them from the Lord. Had the Gospel lost its power ? Had modern civilisation with its extremes of poverty and riches so operated that the subjects of 'both these conditions had committed the unpardonable sin, and were , therefore, beyond the reach of the Gospel ? Or, was the Gospel ineffective because' of 'a. '. slavish adherence by its preachers to form ? \- thb Discovery. In. the . midst of his perplexity,, caused by the consciousness of at least partial failure, Mr. .Booth chancea upon Sir Garnet Wolse- ley's " Soldiers' Pocket Book," and in a few hours he was able to shout a triumphant Eureka. Make a change all round in names, and his imagination pictured the enterprise establishing itself, and conquering unrightT eousness in every part of the world. .. The idea once received was instantly acted upon, and so "The Christian Mission" became " The Salvation Army," the class meeting the assembly, the fellowship reunion . the Halle lujah meeting/the conference for prayer -the Salvation Meeting, and the Rev. William Booth General Booth. Is there nothing in a name ? The development of the Salvation' Army is the visible, demonstrative proof .that there is everything in it. The doctrines of the Army are in. every respect similar to the doctrines of the Methodist Churches, and General Booth, apparently,- has - no more power to Vjary the forms in which those doc-: trines are expressed by those churches than he has to calculate the orbit of the comet. In describing such terras as Justification, Sancti- fication, Adoption,' &c.;, he uses precisely the same philosophical and metaphysical explan ations ; and . distinctions as are tised in the theological compendiums of the Methodist Churches. In reading his catechism of doc trines, the student has the conviction deep ened at every sentence that the General dreadsany departure from those compendiums as much as the non-swimmer dreads taking- the step that will bring him into water that will cover his head. Such1 dependence -and' independence united in a single person con stitute a remarkable phenomenon, but the phenomenon is not unfrequently witnessed. Mr. Booth is without a particle of genius for discerning speculative truth ; his theology is the result of an accident. Had he been born and educated until he was 20 years of age in the Roman Catholic faith, he would have been a firm believer all his; life in the dogmas of saint worship, and purgatory and prayers for the 'dead. But, on the other hand, were he a Catholic, 150 years hence. he. would be for mally canonised at St. Peter's, because he had originated an order that was as unique and as benefieial to the church as the remarkable sect which the genius of Loyola conceived and established. It is not novelty of doctrine, therefore, that made : the army . spring into sudden notoriety. /a dozen years ago, and caused Mr. -Booth/s name to be known inthe four corners of. the '.world, nor was it even originality, in methods of working; -it was- simply novelty in the names, applied to the: evangelising / mission and its agents. The name army. , appealed to the imagination, and it is through the imagination and not : the' reason, as others besides General Booth have discovered, that the -uneducated are con vinced of sin and rescued -from its dominating power. Like every effective "military organi sation, ' -' V -' The Saltation Army is based on auto- cratio ..princirles. v'". It is. a complete. tyranny, using that word in its historical sense. . General' Booth be lieves in a committee of one for the manage ment "of .affairs', and: himself that committee. He speaks with contempt 'of ;the Methodist system of having business meetings to con sider what plans ought to" be adopted for ex tending the .work of religion, and of deciding the question by 'a vote of the members. He points out - that the military system of Eng-, land "has been fixed by Parliament, and' is: incapable of being changed by either generals or privates, except with the consent of the supreme power. And he argues that the Salvation Army . system is the work of the Deity, and that to vote about the matter, or for any officer to do anything but render the most implicit, obedience to the system, is to be guilty of the gravest offence. " There is no God, but God," says the Moslem, "and /Mohammed is His prophet." " There is no God, but God," "says General Booth, " arid I am his administrator." And with perfect consistency the formula used at the dedication of buildings is, " In the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, and of General Booth;" who is thus placed far above the apostles them selves. /. The . General is able to demonstrate to his own satisfaction that this autocratic sys tem of his has the sanction and support, of- the Scriptures, which. is .another proof of the marvellous flexibility of, And singular capacity for adaptation possessed by the sacred writings. As the principles of General; WolseleyV in- structions to young soldiers have been adopted in every part by' the Salvation Army, it follows that the, officers of the army are encouraged to deceive the enemy. The most dreaded antagonists of the -army are not the' drunken and depraved,, but the clergy and members of the various churches. And'here is a precious bit of advice to workers which is included in. the " Orders and Regu lations for; the, Salvation Army," composed by Mr. Booth: — " Ministers will, for politeness and decency sake, assure you that they take the deepest interest' in your blessed / work '; which, perhaps they do, psovided-it keep at a distance from them. To'inake ministers and others, engaged in church work friendly, you must dwell upon the fact that we attack those' who . are quite outside their range, and that from the want of education amongst us, we cannot be in competition with them." But dozens of other regulations in the same work prove conclusively that the General has entirely different opinions from those which, under the circumstances referred, to, he com pels his officers to express. It is the old trick of doing evil that good may come, a trick of which it was supposed that amongst religious bodies the Jesuits of two centuries ago had au exclusive monopoly for all time. The army having achieved certain victories in England, resolved to - ' carry. its conquests to australia. The first service in Sydney was held in the Protestant Hall, on the 3rd December, 1882, only sixteen months ago. It1 was the liveliest religious meeting that had been held in the metropolis since the time, 20 years previously, when the late Rev. N. Pidgeon used to throw his congregations into paroxysms of anguish by his terribly realistic oratory. The service was fully described in one of the daily papers, and generally in .favourable terms, Since, that time the operations of the army have been extended to nearly, a dozen towns in the colony, including- > Newcastle, G'oulbourn, Maitland, and Bathurst. the grades of the officers correspond to those in the regular military organisation of the empire. There are majors, captains, lieutenants- and soldiers, each possessing similar authority to that possessed by the corresponding officers in the' military service. The pay of a married captain is '£2 2s. per week, and of an unmarried one; one guinea. Female captains get a guinea. Lieutenants of both sexes from a. guinea. to 15s. Board is not given in any case, but an allowance, for rent ,is given, to married lieutenants, and unmarried lieutenants are supplied with uniform without cost. Four tailors are kept constantly employed on the' premises in Castlereagh street, in manufactur ing-uniforms for officers and soldiers, and according- to the balance-sheet, the sale of these not only pays the cost of material and labour, but brings a large profit besides. After the army has,' in the phraseology of the order, "opened fire" upon a town, its first object is ' the formation of a corps. - Put in plain English, this means gathering- the converts into a class. Converts are kept on probation for a period of three months — when they are enrolled as fully accredited soldiers. The conditions of enrolment are, ;that the converts shall neither smoke nor drink intoxicants; that they shall contribute, according to their ability, to -carry on the work of the army, and shall do all in their power to convey to others-the salvation they received. These rules also are exactly similar to those framed by John Wesley for his societies. The envelope system of giving con tributions has been adopted by the army. Every convert receives from the officer in charge a number of envelopes corresponding to the number ol weeks in a quarter (these are called by the very significant name of cartridges), and he is expected to put his: weekly contribution in this envelope and deposit it in the collection plate every Sunday. There is a number on the envelope which corresponds to a number opposite his name'in' the treasurer's book. The accounts are made up every quarter, when, it is soon seen what amount each soldier has contributed. The fact that these contributions in envelopes are called cartridges, or, perhaps, charged cart ridges, shows that, whatever may be his theory, the general of the Salvation Army thinks as highly of the almighty dollars as people with nosympathy whatever with transcendentalism., do. The officers or preachers are obtained from the ranks. To change the figure, amongst the Salvationists the quarter-deck can be reached only through the scupper-holes.. In England and, we believe, in Melbourne also, there is a training institution for converts who have been selected to become preachers, but, in this colony there is nothing of the kind. If a soldier, be he male or female— the masculine pronoun is constantly used by General Booth in referring to women — is clear in his religious experience, and displays only a moderate degree ot loquacity, he 'is lifted from the ranks -into- the position of a teacher. The; ivork of these preachers, consists 'in holding nieetings every night and. visiting the- converts. Up to the present" 'moment, strange to say, the officers of "the army have" taken no steps to visit, the homes of the uncon verted who reside in the slums. 'Their visits to those, unfortunates, whom; - according to General Booth, they were ; called by God- specially to save, resemble the pastoral visits , that used to be paid to the outcasts of the city by a dandified clergyman of Edinburgh, who according to the testimony . of the, late Dr. Guthrie, used to go .. once a year to ,,-the head of a " close," and removing- his glove, and taking off his hat, lifted his right hand towards heaven, and implored the Divine blessing to. 'rest upon every resident in the close. The only difference between the two is, that instead of the Salvation Army visiting the degraded, by praying for five minutes at. the entrance of the quarter in which they live, they perform the duty by passing rapidly; through the quarter with, discordant drums and braying- cornets. " : ' good has been done by the army. 1 It would be useless to. deny that. Both iri. England and the colonies, it has /succeeded in ; delivering men and. .women from the lowest vices. But, it would be a mistake- to- conclude that it has made more than a faint impression upon the classes whom it proposes to Have' a special mission to save. . ,A.s a matter, of ,fact, thegrea'tey number of. its /trophies are obtained from classes who are almost as ignorant of the life in the slums as the 'aristocrats themselves are. Many of them were traiiiecl in the Sun day schools'of one or other of 'tlie Protestant denominations; and not a few; had been .at' one time or the. . other . members, of the , churches/ "Numbers of .the officers, especially,, haye a, history , "of this" kind. Considerably more than .one-half - of . the attendants upon the services ; 'in the .. .Protestant Hall, Sydney, and in the. "Victoria 'Hall, Newcastle, belong to the respectable working classes. And if this be, so, i it proves that the problem of gutter infidelity is just as perplexing to the ' y Salvation Army as it is to the churches gene- i rally, " we are not, ;and will not be made, a f , church." ' . | -j So says Mr. Booth, in his "Orders and I: Regulations." And »o said John Wesley - ! with reference to the great movement which 1 grew so - rapidly under his management. j Wesley did his best to keep the : movement from crystalising into a church, for he- would ' 1 not allow his preachers to officiate during church hours, and he insisted upon his con- . ; verts receiving the, sacraments from a Ghureh of England clergyman. But General Booth ; has not pursued this. -course. He makes a statement, and then proceeds . to act in direct contradiction to the statement. Perhaps the statement is intended to , serve a similar pur pose to the statements which General Wolse- 1 ley was accustomed to give with every appearance of seriousness to war corres pondents. The Salvation Army, in Mel- / bourne, administers all" the . ordinances of ' religion that are usually, administered in churches ; its officers administer the' Sacra- j ments' of Baptism, and the Lord's. Supper, ! and perform ..the ceremony of marriage.' i " Major" Sutherland, of Sydney, has a license I to marry, and arrangements are being made I by the army here, to administer the sacra- i ments regularly to the converts. The army i possesses every one of the characteristics of a i church, even to the making of collections, and j- it is mere quibbling, if not sheer dishonesty, '" to say that it is not a church. the future of the army ' , can be predicted with the greatest' ease. His- " tory 'is always repeating itself, and an organi- ; ; sation that contains absolutely nothing that is new, except the name, cannot have a career different from organisations that are essentially similar. Wesleyans and Primitive Methodists. - and several other sects that could easily, be !' named, all 1 began their history as enthusi- ' ! asticafty as tlio Salvation Army began theirs. I Their zeal was unbounded, their devotion j unparalleled, their yearnings after the lost apparently imperishable. But their forms acquired rigidity, their experience became formal, and' soon they ceased to be a pene- - trating, overwhelmning power. "The thing that has been, will be, , and . there is nothing new' under the sun," - . ' . 