South's Ouera ComDanv. Ik Cooma Soliool of Arta.^riTuendfty bveniiig, a fair.house greeted tho company in the piece of 'Boocado,' Wo were plooeod hi tmu « largo auilioiu^ --u Wednesday ereuiuif, wJifn tlio opnra nho-cu was 'LosCloclicsdeCoi-uvillc,' with tin; unnti' as mentioned here : — Bonn, Marquis do Cornyillo..llis!i A. .TuIiiik Gremcu'eanx,afiilicrlud. ? Mr. ti. Boltoii ttasnard, a miser. ? Mr. J. A. South 'I^e Uallpc.. ? Mr. T. KuUivnn Gobo, his fiutotuiu ? Ifr. Mitgnuy Gcruiainc, tiro lost heiress .... lliss K. R-i).i!T. Chrislophu, a sailor boy ? Miss T. Iliirim rk- rpolette;t!i(jvnuuromadrnji. .-Miiw K. 1'i-nd'r Musical Director; Mr. I', Fotekr^ Jl.A.jr. l*s Cloches du Comi'villi.', or the Jk'Us ut' Cornevillc, as its name would inilinul.;, is founded ou a tnipontHliou pivk'alenf iiuiuu^c the poanautry at a oertaiu Xunnan ViDit^i; that -lw said IkIIb, wliicli had liwn vilenl. l,,j- i-oiim- fightoon yam, wouhl ou the return of tlirrfr old nuuitcr (who bad lioen uluont ubout llnil. lougtliof tiine, ncoompaolod byliiH ftmuilwM Henri) ring out a niory chime. Tho iii-J iu t opouKin the villago^itU -omo of 'thn YJlIagiM* gosdpiug abaut one of thuir uuinbcr Scrjioiel te (Mies JJdith PeudurJ, who .putH them nil In ?viii4 - Rnf^mln4t4vi in tit.i «m.j1.^.n ..f Jl.n..!ll ? and is tlio adopted daughter uf.oldQiibpnrd tin; miser (Mr. 3. A. South), who is looked u1Miii with great awo by tlic villugorn on account irf his real or supposed wealth, l'reecutly H-nri, tho grandson of the old 3faniiit«, who has hrcu drowned KOinc- time proviuusl}-, n]i]K':iih upnu ' tlio scene, aud without proehiimiiig wlm he U mentions hln iuloulion of viiiiting rli.- old uhntcnu, from wlu'ch the villagers uttnmpi to difHUnde him by telling him it iu liauulul, mid Gormaiuc, the supposed neice of old liiifjuml, ' flings him tlio Hiegond of the 'Hells. It wins that old Gospard has lieeuiu the liuhit of iiKinu' the old ehntoiu for tiio parjiow of Hl'd'inir )ii' gold as well «* soino vnhuible (IuiiuiiiimiI^. : amongst others being a stolen pago from tlu- register proring Ocnnainc to be the (.'djuiit'u child aud a letter from the Count 4-- Uus]-:ml entrusting Gt-rmaino to his cave, enclosing « sum of money for hor maintcuuuee, and iu treatuig him to bring hor up in a ni--tir manner. | But old Ganpard koeps tho'seorot (.uthiithemuy ; board up (lie (roH, and to keep tlie prying f.vi- of tho rillagura from his hiding ]i!iie». ],,. vi^il^ the chateau at niglit aud walks lji'foi-e the win- i dowswTapiwd in a windiug shoet. This lving j eecu by them from tho \\*i)lagt!, it has the de.'ii'uil I effect, nndO-aBj)imliH!oftiuundii'lull)i!(ipii»y s- \ fiiou. There is uuothcrcliunicter. GnaiinhiMix. u - fi»herman, who is supposed to have mved tier- ; maine'slifo, and whom Goriuaiuiihus promised ! to.murrj-out of gratitude. Tho seeoud uet is the iuterioi'of thu chateau, where tho Jlaitjuis j has come with idl the villagers to iusjicel the™ mipposod ghosts. Finding evident signs ut the plane Iiaviug been wooutly owupiod, they j TOtirc aftor placing Ureuiclieux in » xuit of o!-l : nnnour. Old Gaspanl (lien comes to gloat i over his gnld, aud in the midst of it is sin- I prised at henring the hells ring out, uud the Marquis and the reRt appearing onlhc hihuic j at that moment the old iniui is eaugbt iu Iuh \ own trap, aud, uelioriug them to bogho.-t', he | goes suddtnly mud. This i« a voiy oll'ectivo 1 neeue. The third act is whe«- GiiMpm-d is M ill ! «Md awd roaming about fiw vjlln^c. J'ji«n ! what he lctn drop, it is discovered Unit Uer- I miiine is the real heiress of tho Couu( . nnd that Beriwlotte, who has nsRumal the title on the strength of tlie .lute of hor being found by Gaspurd corresponding with tlio dutu --f the | leltorwritleu to GasjKird and found liy llcuri in the old clinteiiu, in not. It must be men tioned tlmt the marquis is tho unn who ri'srucd (jennainp, nnd not wishinjr to be -liscoven'il lea\\-iB- ' licr in the cane of Gnmiehouv, ?wlm. on her lvouvcry, assuim* the credit of hnving saved Iiup, tlius soeuring her gratitude, and ! promise of mniThlge. ThL ulw Uiug elearod up. (ho Marquis and Qeminine, as well :ic (he rent of tlic characters, urcmndchuppy. TIhii1 | are also two parties, the biulcc, a pompous old ! fool, a sort of it Mr. Bumble, :md hiKrai-tutmn. ! Gobo, who ueemB to be reninrltablcfor in-Uriiur ? more than bin attenuated figure and vonu-iou^ : appetite. There aro soverul beautiful jnnis in fliiA nrw-Pii vintilliltr l.be ' Tn«(n-]iil of fintlti.llh '* and ' Silent Horoos,' ti i|iiartH1v iu the fee: ond act, arid 'On iiiliows iwldnsr.' Tin' enterprise Mr. South luis shown in bringing m- large a compaiiy and i-uith beautiful music bueh a dislauuc from Sydney is deserving of mi coui~.igchicnt, and we trust to nw bumper houses during his short tl.iy ainuugst us. On Tliuiwday liijflit, the opera of 'The Grand Duchess ' was well received. 