j REV. G. J. BYNG'S LECTURE. Ths announcement by Mr. Byug of My , i; lectnro on -' The Recognition of FrioncU In . . Deaycn" . attraotcd an attontivo , audionco \- ' '-'to tho Corowa School of Arts oil Tuesday p-h-night. ' Sundry theories had been advanced as to tne.prqbablo lino of argument/ which ; ho';irab|d pursiio,.sp that it was with.no . littlomterejifc Wo Ilntcinoli to hia exposition tho shbjcot. Tbo oliair was tnkon by W' tho Bay. IT. Davis, M.A., VicAr of Corowa, who, in a ; brief speeob, introduced Mr. Byng to tho mooting. , j Tho Bov. C. J. Byng, who wao warmly, received, oommoneed his lcoture by a brief \- . | statement of- tho eubieot and of thq manner ; ' J,fnwMch hqintondcdtbtioatil). THotheory of "Recognition" was ono which prcsonted j' ; ; I many; and ipocbliar difllchltieif, 'and Which I I rhodbeen disputed and oven flhtlydonicd.b'y ( men of no ordinary , caiibro. If, therefore,, ' ut'thtt conclusion of his IcCturbhis audionco hadarrived at no mathematical conclusion df tho truth of his argument, ho entreated them to sot it ddwnito his shortcomings as a looturor; but if, on tho contrary, tboy wore convincod of tho trnth of hie viot?o, ho asked thom'to givo tbo credit 'to tbo in trinsic weight of his nrgnmont and not to him. Failnrcs woro his, snoocss belonged to tbo cause itsdlf. Whoro ' was' heaven P It woe an impossibility to point to any defl- nito position, at tho samo anglo, ,o different '''times. ' Tho earth had two separate move ments, quo round its own axis, tho othor in its orbit round tho sun. If. therefore, thoy pointed out hcavon as boing above, twolve hours: after they must . point in entirely tho opposite dircotlon.' What was the general idea of heaven—' what was our gonorol con- t "s jceptlon of inioh' a -plnco P As a rulo tho f'j jProyaiUng/ldoai of hoavon was , too muoh otheralised. Ho wob proparod to show, on the strength 'of Holy Writ; that hoavon hod a local habitation. Ho then instanced the oases of Enoch, Elijah, and Our Saviour, all of whom physically ascondedl Was ; ri '.there, ho . ask'od, anything to show that at any definite stratum in tho atmosphere . I i thoy were! rdsolvcd into' 'ether.' Wo conld not concoivo material substances floating in tho .air) foot must havo somotbingto 1 Stand 'cu. 'Heaven wao a material placo, and onr Saviour, sitting at tho right hand of God, was -Thb Hon. Tho ideas assaoi- ntod in scripture with heaven woro always jtiatorki, and tho accorint - given of its . ipganisajion .was very .complete'. '.Itiwns spoken of sai Canaan and Paradiso; as a templb, a : city, a mansion, 1 representing plenty; beauty, pnrity, numbers, and ./</ Booial life. If tho Scrlptaro (lid not refer mora particularly to this idea it was bccSuso ifc wos taken for granted. Thoimmortality of tho coul and lifo hoyond tho gravo woro oll.innato .bqllofs In man. Thoreanrreotion ;.pf,tho dead was not. Theroforatboy fonnd e "-constant rofororico to it in tho Bcriptures. : . ,i Tho lecturer then having dealt with' heaven as a materia place, wont on to refer moro pnrtionlarly to tho eubjcot of hia looltiro, \- ,1 1' Tho rocognitiom of frionda in heaven." . . He endeavoured to prove hia point, firsts by indircot statements' from the Soriptarea, vthenby direct statements. In tho 2fith chap. Genesis, 8th v., thoy road that Abra ham' gayo np tho .'ghost and was gathered to hls people. That conld not mean that. ; , hp. was Wri«I , with jthom,, for his. death' occrirrcd about ISO miles away. Again, Gen. xxxv., HI) v., "Tc.iac died and was gathered to his peoplo." Uoacs on Mopnt NobOj Aafon on Mount Hor, all in different places, were gathered unto their people.' . These statamonta . tended to provo tbo theory of recognition. Then by diroot ,-i statements.' "Matthow xli.,:4l; '" The men of Nineveh shall rise in jadgmont; . with 'this generation, rind shall condemn it.", 'In . , . ,fbe , 42nd verse, tho Queen 'of Bh oba was spoken of in tho samo terms. Was it pos sible that at the last day there would bolno recognition of tho' then of 'Nineveh as tho . mop of Ninoyeh,,of tbo Queon of. Sliebaas ' tho' Quoon of Shoba? In tho 88th voteo of tho same ohaptor if i was stated that ovOry idlo word wo.uld have to be accounted for & atfho dsy of judgmept.jiltwnsan impos-- oibility to Hearthesb idlo words mentioned '.'""Without' coririGoting somo timo or citpam- . .Btpuco.'or person', with thorn. Thou ;Mhl. , < Jxxv, 87th vers#— "Then" shall the righteous answorhim sayjpg, lK>rd,,whou saw wethoe oh" huhgered andfedthoo. or thirsty , and ./ gave l thdo 'drink. '1 Chuld thoy oonceivo ..theap nghtobua saymg that withopt! nsdo- ' elating1 tho (Iced Trith ,tho oiroumstaneeB P Nonsense. In direct Aonneotion with thoir philanthropby must- bo tho object of that philantprophy. , Mr. Byng. thou brought ' ' In evidonoe ' the definite teaching of /aim Lord, instanoing tho story of Lazarus and Dives, who plninlyi saw oaoh othor, and supported his views by a roforonoo to the offlcos'of :ourL6'fd. ' Whowas oUrRodcombr ho asked? Whnt was hoP Ho was i a mediatorran into'roessoP/6ur ddvocmtdwlth the Almighty. In tho seventh chapter of Bevelations a groat multitude of all kin- drede, all nations, ail tribes, was desoribe'd as; worshipping boforo tho Lnmb. Was it possible that a man could go to heaven, nnd.join'in this great To Dcum of thanks giving, for forgiveness from ein, without reoolleoting what that sin wob P That was . not the not oflAl'rationnl'heingi ' It'wcjs insanity, and heavon wns not fall of limaties...,Codld.'.anyono .tbink of a sin without associating some person, plaeo. Or .thing, with JtP It could not ho donoP .Tbsv.o waa'no suoh thing as sin nneonneoteS with some ourronnding oironmBtanoes. . 5 Christ paa our , intercessor, our representa tive, at .the groat pnrliamont' of. Heaven. Was it possible that cach and ovory ono of his , constituents was known only to him P Could -wo funoy such - ai anomaly as a "membor, known eovorally but not- oolloe- tivoly to oaoh of. bis constituents P Having thus brought forward as argumonts tho in- direot and direot toaohing of tho Biblo and thq.ofiicos of Christ, tho looturor reforred to tho' writings of St. Paul, In tho first opietlo to the Corinthians wo.1 woro told that tho hidden things of darknoss shall bo brpught.tp. light at tlio last day." That meant Ihby'were to bo exhibited — others were to seo thorn. All woro to appear at that jadgmont and to ho rowardod accord ing to . thoir' works. . . Was it orodiblo that, wo should bo punlohed for a Bin of which wp had . no' recollo'otion P ' In tho first chapter of 2nd Corinthians and tho 14tlv verse,1 St.' Raul stated that ho was toro- joioo over those whom ho had regenerated. Waaif- possible that St. Paul could fail to rooogniso thom. Ho quoted scriptural pas sages to show that tho nngolsiu hoavon; woro witnesses of earthly doings,. yot tho; momout wo ontorcd' heaven wo woro aaked: to beliovo that all, recognition conood. At tho transfiguration of our Lord, Moses and : Ellas appeared and wore recognised in stantly.' Could wo imagine that on resoh- ticqypn , wo. should, rccogniso them and not yur.wivcb uuu.ciuiuraiii x'or uib pure, dis wifo and child wofo mora'' to him than Moscb or Elias. In tho Eovolatidn of St. John -wo woro told of 'a' grand coronation. God' himself was to jilaco crowns op .our heads, end wo were to' Btdud among our friends,, our parents; our wives and children around tho/throuo'nnd not rccogniso thom! Were tbo birthday at Botblohom and tbo wise mon to bo forgotton P Was Poter's doniol tobo forgotton P Wero Gotbsomnno and Calvary, ibo resurrcetion and Pontoooat to bo forgottoh,'Ar to ho romombored with out cither porsonoor places being associ ated with that romombranoo. Tho rev. gontlomcn than proecodod to deal with some of tho difficulties of hia Ihoory. Tho question had arisen— I.' How , woro wo to know a rcsiuTeotcd body? It would bp so different." Ho vonturod to' tliiiik that it would not bo so changed as. was Imagined. , ChrisL'a roaiirreotion body would bo tho model. His identity nftor his resurrection wao proved cxaotly as thoir identity was proved. Yot it was glorified. .Granted. In tbe'saiho way aa tlio living faoo was glorified in a copy, of a bust, yet thcro was no difference in recognising tho statuo of a persoh, .though tbA oyes wofo wanting, tho color hot there, and so it would be at tho last day. "Truo," some peopio said, ''but look at tho difference between tho moth and I tbo buttorfly." Aek tho naturalist; be uouiu 'cot tbo butterfly and point out the moth in its body. Tho sccona uuuCHltj wao this— "How oonld wo moot with any pleasnro thoso whom wo hod injured or whom wo hated." Thle arose from an in- oorroot perception of what sip was. !Great as tlio filn.aga;nst tia, might bo, it was greater againet God. Wero wb then to eot tho flnito againBt tho influito? No! If God forgivo our minds would bo equalised to forgivo also. Tho third difficulty was this. Somo ono might say— "How shall I moot two, tbroo, or four wivos in hoavon P" This idea aroso from a wrong perception of ?cavon, and waa parfc of our carnal nataro. In hcavon thcro would ho no carnal pas sions, no jealousy j tho olomcnt of earn nitty would bo dono away with. In hoavon thoro wonldbe no marriao nor giving in- mar- napo. Tho lost objoofelon waa-r'.' What snail wo do if In hcavon wo do not soo tiioso whom xfro baVo loVod on eatth.,' Thoy must think of that, for recognition implies missing as well as finding.! In heaven thoro would ho no sorrow1, no hnman tears. If God conld sec . His' Son accursed, if Ho oonld forsako.Him in His agony, wo could too. Besides, who gavo no tho child for whom wo mourned ? God did, and tho child is His and not ours.j He trusted that his arguments might give comfort to many a doubting hoart, > Mr. Byng conolndod his lcoturo, with these Words— " Thero is another recognition, solf- imposed— nnntterablo — oternal— God Bave us from that recognition/' t . ; A voto of thanks to tho Bpeabor waa pro- posed and carried nnanlmonsly. and after a olosing address from tho chairman,: tho audlonoo dispersed. 