THE PRAYER-BOOK OF 1549. To the Editor of The Clmrcli of England Messenger. Sir— Bishop Perry's letter in your last number well deserved a place in your columns. For this reason— it gives your readers a tolerably fair idea of the present opinions, prejudices, and temper of the particular party or school of thought in the Church to which both he and the Bishop of Worcester (whom he quotes so largely) belong. There is a very marked difference, both in substance and tone, between the teaching of those BiBhops and the teaching of the present Bishop of Sydney about the subjects dealt with in. the letter*, Any one may see this who will take the trouble to examine the Primate's admirable little work, The Teacher's Praver-look. Bishop Perry asserts that the changes made in the second Prayer-i book of Edward VI. were not needless, or changes for the worse. It is a large question whether they were for the worse or for the better. Let me ask your readers to look at it from a point of sight slightly different from the Bishop's, and to confine their attention chiefly to the communion offices. What is known as the Reformation in Eng land was a freeing of the Church from the tyranny of the Bishop of Rome — a purifying of it from many false doctrines and superstitions which jhad grown up after the fourth General Council. It was a return to primitive purity in doctrine, in ritual, as well as in other matters. If this be a true account, then the attitude of all great Anglican theologians towards the early fathers of the Church is the right attitude. They will not allow themselves to differ from those ancient writers about such matters as Bishop Perry speaks of — the doctrine of the Lord's Supper, &c.; Whatever can be proved from i ue iatuers io nave oeen me doctrine or tne uatnonc Unurch in primitive times is no longer open to question. It is received by our Church as part of the deposit of truth left by our Lord and Hig apostles to the guardianship of the whole body of Christ. In a word, patristic doctrine is the doctrine of the Church of England, and all her formularies are to be interpreted accordingly. ? What the teaching of the primitive Church was about the Lord's Supper can be ascertained by any competent student who will study without prejudice the ancient liturgies of the Church, especially their anaphoral parts. He will find everything that is requisite for this purpose in Book III. of Neale's introduction to his History of the Holy Eastern ChnrcJi, and in Hammond's Litwgies, Eastern and Western (Oxford, 1878). ' When he has made a diligent and accurate study of the more important ancient liturgies, let him carefully compare with them and with each other the first and second communion offices of Edward VI., and consider the history of those offices. I am sure he will -then have arrived at some such conclusions as these— that there is a clearei? and fuller recognition and expression of the primitive doctrine of the eucharist -in -the first book of Edward- than in the second panel that one main object of the changes introduced into the second was to obscure or to destroy this recognition, and to bring the teaching of the Church of England moreihto harmony with that 6f the Heretical school of John Calvin. If these conclusions are sound, then what your able correspondent ' W. A. B.' asserted— viz., that the changes were for the worse ? is fully made out. - ???? , .:?' /-;.- Bishop Perry speaks of the persons who made those changes^aV 'men of the highest eminence for intellectual ability,' &c;, andsaya that to speak slightingly about thenvjs to bring discredit upon the speaker. Now, the truth is, no one knows who these men were. Mr. Freeman thinks that the most plausible' conjecture is that they were the same men who prepared the ordinal of 1650. This much, how ever, is certain— the 'revision was made against the judgment of ' Cranmer. Some of the party who urged on this work of revision were described by him as ' unquiet spirits, which can like nothing but that is after their own fancy, and cease not to make trouble when things be most quiet and in good order.' Cranmer's satisfaction with the first book is well known, and it was quietly accepted, wheii brought into use by almost the whole body of the 'clergy; The agitation for revision was stirred up by some meddlesome foreigners, led: by Calvin, Martyr, Bucer, A. Lasco. The too precocious boy, Edward VI., gave himself up so entirely to this influence that he at length delared that he would cause the Prayer-book to !be altered on his own authority. This determination of Edward forced on the revision, with the result that we know. . . .. ? . r It is not probable that this revised book was ever used' in the1 churches of England.- . Eveiy subsequent revision has been a reac tion against it. It has been mainly owing to Puritan influencej ever hostile to. our Church, that primitive customs enjoined, inthe.Prayer-; book of 1549 are not indeed prohibited in the present Book , o£ Common Prayer, but either omitted or sedulously veiled— the mixed chalice, for example, and prayer for the departed— and that 'even such a doctrine as eucharistic sacrifice, which was ever kept promi nently before the mindsof the' faithful ia'*the''early''Chri8tian~cehV turies (vide the early liturgies, passim), is taught with the. greatest reserve. ?.. . ' ? - ' : '?-' Whatever the teaching of the second Prayer-book of Edward VL may be about the Lord's Supper and Confession, it is not binding ' upon us farther than it is embodied in our present' Prayer-book. The Church does not discard the practice of confession. It retains the place in her system which it occupied in the early Church. Her doctrine concerning it is not Roman, but primitive. An excellent exposition of her teaching will be found in Hooker's Ecclcsiastioal Polity, Book VI. The primitive doctrine of the. holy .eucharist is in the Prayer-book, too. Let any priest who knows what that doctrine IB give to the words of our communion service the full meaning of ?which they are capable, and he will find himself, in using that ser vice, 'expressing all that the early Church thought it necessary to express in order to a valid communion or for edification, except, per haps, the part which the Holy Ghost performs in consecrating the elements, and that, Palmer says, is impliedj and the actual mention of it is not essential. On the whole, our present communion office is good ; the commu nion office of 1649 is better. It is not surprising, therefore, if those who know and appreciate the excellence of the latter desire that it should be permissible to use it. It is not perfect. The reformers had too little liturgical knowledge to know how to make it so. When the right time comes for the Church of England to undertake a work of liturgical enrichment, such as our American fellow-Churchmen have now in hand, if the communion office of 1649 be taken as the basis of revision, it may be hoped that with our present liturgical knowledge we may get something as nearly as possible perfect, with opt any deviation whatever from the teaching of the present book. — . I remain, sir, faithfully yours, T. S. G. 20th February, 1884. 