Mr G. W. Hall, M.L.A., and Mr C. F. Taylor, barrister, waited upon the Solici tor-General this morning to present two petitions, addressed to the Governor praying his Excellency to extend the prerogative of mercy to one John JBunyan, who, like his great prototype of the same name, has been " cast into prison for what appears to have been a veiy venial offence. It seems that the prisoner was tried before Judge Moles J worth, at the Shepparton General Ses sions, for an assault, with intent to do I some grievous bodily harm, on the 1 personjof a neighbor named Taylor, but that, inasmuch as it transpired that the alleged assault "was of a somewliat trivial nature, the jury brought in a verdict of guilty of a common assault only, to which they added a suggestion to the effect that the requirements of justice would be satisfied by the infliction of a I small fine. The learned judge, however declined to regard this suggestion in the light of a recommendation to mercv, and sentenced the offender to six months' im prisonment without the option of a fine. The case was regarded in the district as a peculiarly hard one, as Bunyan had pre [ viously borne an excellent character, and i steps were at once taken to get up a peti tion for the prisoner's release. In a short time 400 signatures were appended to the petition, while a second document of similar import was also drawn up and signed by the jury before which the pri soner was tried. Sir Deakin said that the petitions would be forwarded to his Ex cellency in the usual way, and promised that that the case should at once be en quired into. The evidence given at the inquest upon Charles Alexander, who was found dead at Kew yesterday, under circumstances indicating that he had shot himself after setting fire to a house, showed pretty clearly that the deceased was not right in his head, and the jury found that he committed suicide whilst of unsound mind. A young man named C. Doran came into collision with some Salvationists at Williamstown on the 14th inst., and the result was that he was fined 10s, with half-a-crown costs, at the court to-day. Some rather serious charges have been preferred by Mr Robt. M. Gale, an officer connected with the Water Supply De partment, against Mr James Elsdon, inspector of water works at Caatlemaine. These charges v.-ere brought in a some what vague shape as early as the begin ning of the month, and on being re quested to formulate them in writing, Mr Gale complied by sending in a list of the alleged misdoings of Mr Elsdon as fol lows -That Mr Elsdon allowed aluicers and mining companies to use double the quantity of water they paid for ; that he neglected to supervise the channel-keepers and maintenance men ; that he refused to co-operate with the complainant in adopt ing the system of gauging the water, re commended by the Minister; and that he was incompetent and unfit for his posi tion. Mr Deakin has suspended Mr Elsdon and appointed a board consisting of Mr A. Black, Assistant Surveyor General, Mr W. Davidson, Engineer of Tan Yean Water Supply, and Mr C. W Langtree, Acting Secretary for Mines, to enquire into the charges in question. The board will hold its first sitting on Thurs day at Castlemaine. The society which has been started in England to investigate phenomena of ghosts will hear with interest that an un earthly kind of being has of late been anrignting those whose evening walks are token by the sad Bea waves af Brighton. The person to whom the strange thing tost appeared was a cabman, who success fully exorcised it with his whip, and the impression he formed was that the ghost was not a genuine one. The police, who are very unsuperstitions, and appear in clined to spoil what otherwise would be a really good ghost story, have sum moned someone whom they suspect has been taking the partof a being of the other world. The St. Kilda police have arrested a gardener named Kennevan on a charge of assaulting Ms wife, and. there is a possi bility that the charge may be altered to a muchmore serious one. On Sunday last Mrs Kennevan was token to the Alfred riospital, suffering from a wound in her rehead, winch she said had been caused J, f. husband stabbing her with a left ft, ^ - ,Sile *»» attended to, and Wo„ 6 hut in the evening she became delirious, and is at pre«mt in a The statement of Kennevan, who has been remanded until Friday, is that she got hurt by falling against a door. The Steam Navigation Board held an enquiry to-day into the circumstances attending the grounding of the Queens cliff, which occurred on February 9th during her return from Schnapper Poi"*, whither she had been with a cargo of excursionists representing the employes of Messrs Alcock and Co. The vessel encountered a thick fog, and one of the passengers, some of whom were under the influence of drink, fell overboard, and was drowned. The hoard found that the captain did all in his power to rescue the man, but they considered that he had been guilty of gross misconduct in neglecting to proceed at a moderate speed in the fog, and neglecting other precautions, and for this his certificate was ordered to be suspended for three months. The trial of Patrick Roundtree and Bruce MHachern upon the charge of setting fire to Mr Tuckett's wine cellar, at Riddell's Creek, was continued in the Criminal Court to-day. Dr. Madden made one of his usual eloquent and well reasoned speeches to the jury in defence of his clients, and Judge Holroyd charged the jury in a speech which reproduced in lucid fashion the salient points of the evidence. The jury retired to consider the verdict, and being unable to agree were locked up until seven this evening, when they will in all probability bo dis charged without a verdict. John "Williams, a young man of the laboring class, was tried1 at the Criminal Court this afternoon for assault with in tent on Mary Lacey, a girl under the age of 10. It was alleged that the prisoner committed the offence under the shelter of some logs near the Queen's wharf on January 9th. The jury acquitted him. If I mistake not, there hare been numerous cases in which publicans have been fined on the testimony of Customs officers in respect to the quality of liquor, but it would appear, from a case heard to-day, that these officials may make serious mistakes, and so cause great in jury to innocent people. Michael O'Sul livan, of the King's Arms Hotel, Carlton, was prosecuted last week for selling spurious liquor for the genuine Schiedam schnapps, and Mr Bruce, an excise officer, was clear that the article was not genuine. Since then Messrs Newberry and Dunne have analysed the spirit, and found that it is genuine. Under these circumstances the bench dismissed the case, with some strictures on the Government officer. (By Electric Telegraph.) ; Messrs Booth and Glover, the advo cates of total abstinence, held a meeting at the Exhibition Building this evening. Half of the main hall was portioned off by. canvas for the meeting, and this portion was well filled. Messrs Booth and Glover, who met with a most enthusiastic reception, delivered addresses recounting the great success of their efforts in the cause of total abstinence, and earnestly exhorting their hearers to embrace the cause. At the close of their addresses, which were interspersed with hymns, the music being supplied by the great organ, large numbers signed the pledge. 