BERNA BOYLE. BY MBS. J. H. BJDDELIi, " ' ~ ' ^Bthar of " George Geitb," The SatiorBtotner," ft* CHAPTER XXXI. "Dear Mrs. Vince—Though Mister Vinos, as people call him now he's got upBO high in the world, wouldn't care if he saw his own lying dead in the street, I think, after all the fuss you drove with Berna—making her out a non-sncb^" and setting her agamst her own mother—youH feel sorry for your neglect when you hear the Doctor says the girl is as bad as bad can be. She's to be kept np—Fm only telling you his very words—and five oh the fat of the land, and have change, and good society, and red wine, and caffs-foot jelly; and where one of these things is to "be got out of my income perhaps you know—I'm sure I don t. if it was myself, I'd fade away likealeaf before one ofyouAhould be troubledbut in case anything , happened to Berna, J'ii never hear the last Of it. So now I've told yon-just whafs gobtg<m, you can pleaae your- • i self; only never"blame me afterwards forkeeping you in the dark. It's true enough f that some of ns .are born to trouble as the' -eparke fly upwards ; I've had my share, any- Low. I doirt ^cnow what yoa-would best like -me-to«ay I tuh ; «b l will conclude with only .myjiame, • . . - : *' MitLY BOYLET" Mrs. Vince happened to be aloaerwhen this letter was handed to her. She read it twice through, and after audibly remarking, "Then she can write; I always'fanned she was unable to do so/' applied a match to the paper, and let it smoulder away to the li&t; " She muBt be an idiot." continued the wife of Bichard Charles- Vince, Esq., contemplating the blackened remains of Mrs. Boyle's extraordinary epistle. "No woman in her senses wonld run the chancy .of. having, all help withdrawn. She little knows the trouble I have had to induce - my husband to continue the income he does allow her. I will drive over and see what underlies this ridienloufl rambling effusion. If the poor girl is ill, of course she must be seen to." ' It . was in accordance with this decision that when, "after having had no more dinner titan would content a fly," Mrs. Boyle was wandering about the garden, protecting her " clear complexion" from injury by means of a parasol, and speculating what could have become of Gorman, and whether, he would call that day, she " suddenly lifted her eyes" and beheld a carriage at the gate. " I thought that wtfuldfetcm her," she mattered, with a triumphant little gasp. " Your husband," she mentally added, " is not the only clever one of the Vince family, my lady 1 she said^aloud,advancinK to meet Richard's wife. "I never eg>ect3 . to.^ you at_CleOT Sfaeam ^arn. Why, it before. m>JBt be But near there, upon a to year be rare, since"^6U "of cofrrse were ^ou out are always visiting,.and haven't leisure to be thinking whether your pooE relationB are living, or dead." . "How ia your daughter?" aiked Mra Vince, determinedly' cutting aCtoro tins tirade. \- ''About the same; if anything worse," ".What is the matter with her?" "Goodness only knows—I don't. It's a sort of perfehing from the root. She never ,liadmucn heart or spirit! but she'was wild, i/ou just out of her mind with tricks iuuL diversion when saw ber(~ in ^olnnarison to what ehe is: sow. My life Is fairly fretted out pf me-^as If. there waan%trouble and expenBe enough before, with"6ut ~her„ taking it into ber head: to get i)L If ever a woman was bom unlucky, that woman's me—not a farthing's-worth of Batisfacttoh r with husband or chiL37 or huBbapd J B-friends,7pr my own." ' " Let us eo into the hou^'v^iegested Mrs. Vince. "lhave a few words I wish to say to you qnittly." * "iWell—well, you can be quiet as you like. If it wasn't for a neighbour sometimes looks in to pass -the time of day we might as well, be in the graveyard. -Quiet l If tn^s what you want, you ecnild not have com^ to a' better 'pla ce; but aren't yon going to take a .look at Berna?" 1; **' Prfesfently—not just yet;" and Mrs. Vinoe ^hut the sitting-room door, andj without being Invited, took-aseat.'_' • "I wifih to'have an. understanding with you,"Mrs. Boyle/' sbe said.' f . \--'There oughtu't.to beiny hardsMp a"bput that,"'6nswered the widow^ feicvely, though Mrst ! Vince^s manner made her'Uncomfortable. "There never was anybody easier -understood.than myself." VThenil had better come-to the point at oiice. Are ybu not a&aid; of goading my hus- .band into ksuttingjhiinself adrift from: you \-- ^ can iip, about, that as he likes. There .is not a.creature knows him. but is aware it's shame, instead of justice, makes him give me :.the"pi?tj»nce"be~"does."-" '. • " May! ask- whatyou-'mean by justice;? Is \- Mr. Vinctt bound, either in law or in honour, , toaJIcw;youjDne .shilling?" - < He wouldn't pay a single sixpence if he •could help it-'.. •" You will find, I think, he very soon will help it If vouxoutinue tp talk about him as you do. He hears in all directions that you. say he -is crnel and stingy, . " ";Sohels;"- - - - •"'Thsct'he haB no feeling for you or ypur daughter." '. , ' ; "Neither he has." - " That he owes his fortune «ntirely to your fatherji ' " Welf,^nd doesn't he i" s " , " That* -while he was glad enough to go to . Boyle Court when you were rich, he turns his back upoh yOn now you are poor." "I suppose you are not going to say he has. ever set foot across this threshold since' he drove me into banishment, away from all my • friends. Oh dear! - Esau's not the only one cold hiB birthright for^a mess of pottage." " Yon had better, then, take back your birthright: Do what ^ou like,-ray what you like4 live where you like—only without help from him. It is absnrdtosuppose he will continue to pay- you the money he''does, if you go rouhcl the country viliqing a man the who has acted most generously by you.'" " As all are aware, I'm poor enough, and I'm lonely enough; so you are at liberty to fay what you like to me." . "I have no wish to be hardjipon.you," 'answered Mrs. Vince, recovering-from her' sudden gust of -passion. " My husband fs in London at present, and on his return I shall say nothing about your letter; I would not vex him by the mention of such ingratitude; and for ycur daughter's sake I am willing to give you another chance. I tell you fairly, however, that I am almost weary of standing between you acd- the consequences of your own folly': and should I'hear again that you iiive , spOKen )ken of 01 my husband nuBDana in the same terms as hitherto, I shall leave him to ac' towards fpu TS he taayjthink beet." ^l~Janf"tare 7 hav"e""sai3 nothing; but you can't stop people's tonguts," ; "Perhaps not; but we can Btop paying your rent and forty pounds a year;" ''It's scarce becoming of von, Mrs. Vince, who owe the very dress you've on your back to my family, to talk to me as you are doing." "Good heavens J this woman is enough to dri^e any one mad," exclaimed Mrs. Vince. "There wasnot much madness aboat yon o letorted Mrs. Boyle, " when you • went t Bichard Vince to ask . him to take'y°u-as housekeeper." "When J what?" , I am sure I spoke plain enough; when 1 you went and said, didn't he think you'dj make him a firet- ratehousekeeper." , 1 » Mre Boyle, you cannot really be in your tenses." . j \- "Av-whileago it wias you was going out of ) your mind.. Right or wropg, thats the story ; worldj'! _ iL > • "It is an absolute falsehood." T , "Well, well, you ought to know.best. At : any rate, it is .in everybody's mouth, and j riobody^s ^ likely ^ to believe; . to the contrary j. :uw.—It is tm~oldsa~ that 'a lie. travels tound the wbrld while truth is putting on" his boots;' , and . .v you'll have a good deal of it „ . : j trouble convincing the world you think'so > much of .that you didn't make a lucky bid for < my eouBrn. Maybe you might hav^ qo'ne just ; weU to have made a friend of me.. My ; word would have gone^a long way;' foreven • ^r£l ?£ er8 " wa y| ^d. If there's one in the ; North you can depend on, that one is Milly! well " up in " life " now; " but " ' it's - — a You're - high tree mfehty . has • no top ; and little as you account me&t; this minute, maybe the day'll come you will .wish you had thought Mrs. Boyle worth a civil - ; word." I « was I otherwise than civil to you?" ' Oh.' that's ail very fine. As I was saying ; to a]person only a lew days back" ' ' " Ido not wish to-hear what you safid-to anyone." «H£3. "Ah! perhaps you'll be of a different opinion when you see me as grand as yourself, with a tall handsome man for husband who. wont ait still and know his wife put upon." - i Mrs. Vince's heart leapt for joy. ; " No human being, Mrs. Boyle," Bhe eaid. ; " will be more rejoiced to see you married ajain than myself.' [' " I am plad to hear it. You won't have long to wait for that gratification." . ' T " And w hat "will become of your'daiighterfL i- •'She'll always be "welcome to^ Aare -of whatever home I have; but it's only bhe " prevents me having one .to-morrow. She's that contrary it makes a.'man half [afraid to come to the house. Of course, he thinks to himself if aTgirFs so nnpleasant to him before marriage,-what will she beTtfter."--— ' "A most natural reflection. -^AxSl 96 Berna does not take kindly to the'i<MiaC®f ;yoar secpud tmibh*" ' ' " ! dally with such a oomplexion and Hgnr* 1 ^ stop In weeds till all my chances are ot".! Ann ahft has & war o^ sitting when we are — - - J merry, without s pea% 1 ing* wota or Wneu epfpouraging us bya smile* "lliat 'must be very trying/ 1 Yon see, |bfer father was all the world to ner. Neither tn them ever thought abont me. lam sore my vary heart seems full to breaking when I think of the way I was treated among them alL And she never considers what would have become of her if I hadn't thrown myself away on Ulick Boyle, When I am Bitting alone I often~wc«a^BamPs confidence does mot smite her—if she ever considers her ingratitude to the' best of mothers"... . - " Certainly my husband's oouBm" is a lunatic," decided Mrs. Vince; but she nply Baid—. • : > . • - . "Perhaps, then, if I could persuadesrpibdaughter to come-to me for a litSeJ&B;^It mignt make matter^ easier for you all. "Ybull not ^et' hear. togo. Yoii eafa jfey, but youll see. Many ,a one, haB saiveh to '.Bednee my girl away' from me. but ^hev'have. all failed.- Bhe knows who is her beetjziend. There was the Dowager, for ezample,:would have clothed hep in purple and fine linen, and offered her sinnpttiOuir fare evi the sun rose—five meals a day. But, perhaps, aeshe is ao ill"- " You .can try. Sh e ,l® welcon me. I never was' onfe to.tOTBidermyselL and I am just 'as content and 'hajjpy ahme aa rf I wnong thousands. My Cathef ralways Mid.. .Milly's the happy chick of the family, bet her dOwn where you will, she^nick a gain of contents. X take after."hlm~in that. When IhB had finished hSSefeRd tnMSkr^f punch/he was the life and B<ral of pajiy. Ah 1 there's^few like •him-^fha tsheferful ways he had with himj You wouldn't think Richard vVince/was a drop's blOOd to One Of us." " The gentlemanyou ere thinking of-natrryins resides in this neighjxmrhood ? suggested .Mrs. Vince. , -'- o" ' b,'.—.. "Well, hedoesand he' doesn't, if yiouqan. nndecstand what lmean.^ Ife like theqld riddle my father used to.pazzle ns AMl^iyn with. Till it was. explained people nsed to consider it a wonderful mystery.' I.'suppose you never heard, thia^-It'll do to nmke E^qrt among your own youi£ ones:— *; '"There's a man in New Row, and he's Nott in New Bow. - He's Nott alive, and he's Not dead. But helices In New Row, and he sellB thrgad." ' v - ••- "Crazier than any poor demented witch."' thought Mrs. Vinoe. ' \ "Well, as I was saying," proceeded Mfo. Boyle, "he didn't '-happen to he reared ia these parts; but he was born here, and Has friends here among -the first in the. land. You've heard, perhtipB, of Mri Garnsey, of Beedhfield. Se a band Mutd, glovewit^ ian, and he keeps hia hnntera,aiid goes out with the harriers and the stajj hounds, and he'Jl bring no disgrace upon Blchard Oiarles Vince or your jurself, bl^ people as you think youraelvse." . 4 } The chief Consideration, J&rs.; Bot^ISj will he make you happy f? ." Happyl why he's the best of good company ; he can eing, arid- play, and kktuce. Wait till yop B&i; him, and yoall : cc^nt me the lucky womanfa haye taken^fefancy." " Yes, 1 thought yoa'd be pleased. ^^Mt's one thing I will say. Concerning^ those that come tl good family, there's no grudnng about them'; you'ye'aone 'srell youraelf, Mrs. Vincei lohyou woulih't mind:that anybody else should do wdl too." l am jgladitola you, it's off my mind, and whenV Ri^Tmrd comes back yoa can give lam a hintr .hov4he land lies." - "IChat I .colwn^ fm;, and fiowmay I see your daughter •.. " , .1"" . '' And welcome i Sie's fit. enot^h^l&ve; her room; but she won't' come in - awe for fear of meeting those she thinks herself above, though they're as -good as any Boyle ever was. Maybe you could bring hear back to her senses. Just put it to - her -how_ lo w wp've oome down in the worid^ rapd how<« match such as I have in view wouly be >mifiri|king of UB all. Go In alone; rd b^hgMmut. She links' a heap of yoa. : Berna/jiares a- friend come to sefe _ you j" and "Mrtf Boyle, after making thirimnbatioemsntp^hirtfthe door of her daughter's .room, across which Mrs. Vince wa&ed; r^th botn' ] haifds extended, • X ;.. ... r " My poor, po6r<Aiild1" she cried; "what is the matter with y<m t' ; and - who xlidjyoa think the friend was? Doat ttemSile so, dear !" and Bhe drew' the girl's ? bea3 dfawn upon her bosom,-and satmlejit;£or ^moment. Then, " I want . td take yo'u bayt.yith'me to Craigv^len, dear;" she went on; "your motner. has^gjven her cbn^nt^ and' I mean to nnrse^you -myself.; jlfBiew now.wBy*yon wrote and asked me to stop ^twayjj^tyou were foolish Berna—very Eoolishj^tftSu be foolish again.:. Say;you-are wilHiig w"(Jume with me. .- • i.-. • : " Willing!" repeated Berna. ttanlfu -roh ! -Mrs. Vince." ... '•:••• " ^'Not another word," interrupted that lady " I am going to call, Ruth. The cafmee is •waiting. Yon can talk as much or as little aByou please at Craigvallen. All I want is to get you there." ; •>.•.; ' ' . CHAPTER .XXXTT. ~ Much perplexed in mind,. Mr. Mu down the long avenue leading 'to ~ House. He had seen: many fine places before* but never previously- one so well kept, or which bore so unmistakably the visible Bigns and tokens of wealth. The ^rasB was like, velvet; the drive free from moss and weeds ; the shrUbe were of the, rarest ^even/the trees seemed well cared tor. . r " . K'f^ "There is no standing still-i&roiaoney; here." thought th6 farmer. " I begin to misdoubt ine it's a bad biiainess altogether." and he shook his head sorrowfull^ As he 16okedaround. .: Berna had-been absent from Wear Stream for more than a fortnightj .snd dioring the course of that time a terrible light hacTbroken on Mr.' Mnir. One day .when be was 'up at Sunnyside looking at a recent puishase of Gorman's, Miss Garnsey, accompanied by no lesB than three dogs, turned in, ostensibly to see an animal whose praises young JMuir had .been chanting to her father. ; . : " She's come on the chance of f^ffifc Gorman," decided the farmer; and he kept the young lady s&hntering; about Sunnyside and Ardilaw.for Bome time in hopes his son might return. But Gorman did not return. Of late'; he had been restless and unsettle 1 — given, so said Peter Doey, to taking JHqueer notionB," absenting himself for days-together without "rhyme or reason," attending to hisbusiness only by fits and starts, and in many' other ways throwing out bad feathers, ana. indicating the possibility of ere long, going headlong to perdition. " It was the wild drop revealing itiielf, Mr. Muir decided. He had oft<:n meant to speak to.Gorman on the subject j but Gk»rman was 1 not .a person to. whom it always.teemed e&sy;'to &lk;, and thus, so far, no exrianation haa been arrived at between the father and son; " — "He is. often from home-now," eaid Miss Garnsey, as she stood just wherethe Ensign once stood,.picking currants from thjfe very same bush tne' farmer had found bim-TCgarding with such rapt attention. \- He has a heap-on his mind," answered Mr.-Muir, deprecatingly.; : "Dealingin horses ~ business which needs a power of ^attention." . . "So it seems," replied the l&dy.;'with a laugh, the tone of which, Mr. Mu^Hid not ntft^e,^ustonedaoh^leSto^Btos Garas^a many pleasant waysl"' _ f The worst of it is, he can «»pcetball his time his own." < • . "Then lie haB the less leasure for gettimr anto mischief? 1 "- : 0 ""There are few steadiei-ywumr SttiBi iroing than Gorman, Miss Garnsey."* 5 ' ~ ® "J don't suppose yop.ltnQw'mn^ nliof what he Via is." in , , >ut •' I think l -may tfllow tayself to be a judge ,On;th^'poIntT^iere is not one bit of harm: 'in toe'lad. I^have no manner of fault to find with. him,* Unless it is -his restiesssess. It's rare fo'r bim to be in the same-nririd isrw two days together," went on Mr. Muir.'.tentatively. "I did hope he was settling down and getting quite content. p • iarf 3id """ yo ' But I don t .suf ;; . v be expected to do well till he has a wifeofljis own; to work for ; I Would be real elad to see him happy with a fine young wife.' « Perhape it won't be lobg before you do." " Well, I have had a notion onoe or twice there was some thought of the k£ndi"^*, "So have L" then^U think ,l am altogether wrong, " No, I am sure you-aremot." r, - " And it's not beyond possibility I could give a gness at her n^une." " ; "/could." " And may be you wouldn't mind mentioning.it to me—in a whisper, yon know?—saidl Jir^Muir, with a «mile he qous^ered^rreaist- :; There is no necesaity to whiter, abont - the matter» so far a3 l am aware, rfhe yoang. ladv^ name is" Mii^ff—yeri—you'-'e no call to be shy witb me." " _1 I<^un- not at all shy with auybpdy, only pethaps you might' like to 'defer ( We evil hour a little longer; upc-n the whole.-I doubt whether it -tf'b match you will much care '' Nftw 1 ypj^feow^ ^ere is notiiin^ would ^KaOTn- eimfe'more. 1 *;' '"'*'' , " " •* I ahonra^StlSVeSupposed that exactly. "Ah J-th»t Idjanltp your fun.' f A - u d : Boyle," and. Miss GfarnfleyV eyw sparkled frith mischievous enjoyment. Qopnan » withered-up old : mtnaa like that, even if •he was in her semes, which she is not, and 2nd tea times the money she wants." "No, I am nottalfeing of the mother, bat the daughter," and the merriment died oat of UISB Garnsey'8 eyes, and hear face grew nam ana; defiant-by reason of the jealous pabrshe was enduring. ' "The daughter 1" and Mr. Muir stopped In the middle of "the garden path as if turned tOSton&" " Do a yon mean to say the Idea never eccnttetftoyonT" "Never—never onca. Whatwould have made it occur to me?" " Why he is always at the cottage." "Is Sat so r " That is so—and of coarse wo both guess it Is neither the widow nor the servant who constitutes the attraction." "You have dealt me a heavy blow this day, Mfe« Garnsey. Stall I would fain hope yon are not altogether right in your conjecture." "I table yoa will find I am. Ask your Bon." "I^tpnnot BO sure he might make me a very - clvilanswer.^ ' " Bribing opened your eyes, Mr. Mair, T will go home now." "You leave a very troubled man behind' yon." "Oh! you will get reconciled ere long. There is no reason why It should matter ma<& io'tfoa." - - " It matters everything to me. I wouldn't for five hundred pounds-rno, not for a thousand-pounds—such a muforttae had come to pass; but hell get over it, he must get over it, there's no sense in the afiair. To think of tortfwinghimaelf away in this maimer." ~ *• fijelknowa his own valne best," retorted Miss Gamsey, : "0)m& Bruce—Hi I there, Jack r "Good-by, Mr. Muir, give my best Wishes to the hapfoy couple." «rm —iflwill." thought Mr. Muir, but be made' no audible answer, while be strodefdoomily by Miss Garnsey'a side to the Sate. Then, after he had watched her and the dog? down the lull, he paced along the bade wenue till he came to the stamp of an old tree, on which he seated himself to digest bis chagrin. There Doey. OD Ms way to the yard far a bridle, saw -the-old man,", and wondered what he was doing, "sitting a'most in the cart track." Mr. Muir did not speak when he phased by the first time, but as he retuned said, somewhat hoarsely—* TrterJ" * — Well, what do you want with Peter »" Waita minute, and I will tell you." Ml. Doey being good enough to comply, pan*dL6tad listened for what might follow.. JtEgter," began Mr. Muir, "you're an ob-. Berttoft'character, ; and you take notice -of many a thing few might give you credit for, so I'm jpst going to put a plain question to yotf." - • - - "What is it?' " Yon hav&eeenmow; of.mv son for a good white now, than I have, and neen about with, him tare And thete." L "WeUf Didit ever come into your head he had a ; of anybody!" - , i ' Jatbat all! In«our»e it did." . , - -----^JQ^B who shei faf ess" 'who she isn't: I believe she might «3most thu last six _ wiser and known-how ;jthe mother woiUdn'tso^ 'Miss Gari^V. Hed have married her ior spite, over aaaa<rrer agi3n.' n = • "Whodid he WSSittospite?'' " Oh! Mr. Muir, .youVe never been so Wind as all that tomes to, and yona knowledgable man JntdLthe bargLln? I wouldn't have credited it; and the thing going on trnder your very, nose i" " Can't you speak btot, anitell-mewho it is yon mfeah 7*''*''' "WelL this beats all! Whoiait!—who would it be but Mis» Boyle. If ever a young man.Trts. in desperation about a girl, that vonng man is Gorman Mnir. It's all along of 4er-ries neglecting his btfsihesa, and gomg fast as be JmowB howio Old Nick. Irs a sofe toit^, too, for there's a mine of money in- •Sctom'BKie, if he'd give his mind to. working it- Faith, Women are «t the' bottom of every bother/in the world. Trouble began.with iSyfu jancj, some Eve iias been busy making mora ^ser since.I wish there wastft a vromsta >n earth." If I ; hadn't wotn and xpent 1 -myself IteCjrfng -things togetherit's feeyondme to oosceivowhat would have becoeaeof Tie allianfeago." • Jlr. iMuir rope, and, thrusting his'hands 4eep in his pockets, said— "And all the time»iikpa fool, I was thinking he had at last settled his mind to make up to MiteGarnsfey. 1 ' ; • : - "He might have her and a fine fortune, too, for the asking/' answered Peter; " ana he'Ilfoever getthe-otherane." . . "Whywouldnt hegetthe otherone;what ''^BeSoBe sbeWon'Vhirte him—that's why, Mr. 'Muir. How' do I know that 2 Never nnnp4 -I d0Knew.it.-; Couldn't-1 see your fees if it was reflected in a glass, and can't I 8ee. thle. way die's treating him by lookingat - 5j6j^roh'6 ddnga? He never^did taka to as he'd a itooesbJd'^ke ^m; but die wbn^ She thinks herself far ahd away top good for. thttttj — .i • - Too good for him!" repeated Che &rmer;, tn'hbt •wrath. , f ' Do you dare to tell me that widow wotoa^i's; daughter wouldn't be only too ieen to jump at such a chance and it were oSaredtoherf ''Asfordaiiog, Mr. Muin," retortedEeter, "lin not afrud of you nor any other man, and.r'jjlare say just what I please. If yoa ha^it been so set upon ..your own plan you'd fykveknown whai I fiiow—Siat your; son thinks the snn rises and sets for that giifl,. and'that she -has made .-dp her mind'to hare' co pay whatever to him. .1 don't mean she doeptft like him. She-can't be tff ming Mm. J"JQiereV! the woman wouldii'±? But the taide of her has eaten«U the love up." ; '.'-Wbat's ishe got to be proud of ? . That's what I want toknow," said. Mr. Muir.. "Is it her cracked old-mother, or her grandfather, Sam Vince-^a low dirty attorney no decent man ever went to twice? Then we all know What Richard Yince sprung from." . "That makes no sort of odds," Interrupted Doey, with irritating calmness. "What does it signify where the man sprung from—when weaae what he has sprung into. He is as rich ' qB he can be—he has a grand place— there is no house shut against him—ie has tnairied among the best of the land—his wife drives a pair of horses no nobleman in the county could beat: and when you've said all you cgn say about him, I sah given to understand the Boyles are greater Quality still. They ere made welcome at the Court of the Queen itself; and as for the Lord lieutenant, he'a hand and glove with Sir Herbert and his wife." They never go through Duhlin without'dropping in to paaa the tune of day and i^eaSienulycupoftea." . And what about the Gormans of CSonmellin f' asked Mr. Muir. \- "Ihave nothing to say against them, I'm son; ooly you muBt mind thia about Miss Bovle, if she d have given up her mother she might havB been blaang with diamonds and going about with feathers in her head—and maybe she can't forget all that. Anyway, Fm feared your son has a poor chance, ana Tm sony for it, for yon'll see hell never oon> tentbimself here now." To which pleasing remark Mr t Bigned no reply. ' • ' J'^lwk W him » thought Doey, as he xlimofifi the hill; "after all the inkght I cave he never had the manners to say, •E&ye; you a month on yoa, Peter.' Wefl, well,! think he has a nut to crack now will try his teeth. There'll be a fine to-do •between the pair when Gorman comes back again. I only hope it won't end in thejoung one giving us all the cut go-by." . 1\. -Days-passed and StfllVorman.did not retnrn. He -wrote from Dublin, and the,letter contained some vague hint which Mr. Muir construed to mean it was possible his son might leave Ireland altogether^ Then the i«>n entered into the former's soul. ," How woold I ever live now witKout him -lie thought. Why did he corns back if I'm to-lose him now? He shan't go-—ho—if she's all' he wants to be content, he must have her." For twenty- four long hoiirs he turnfed the matter wearily oyer in his mind; then he came to a decision he could do nothing unless "Gorman confided in him fully and entirely. -So'far, everything was mere conjecture. He "did not know what bad passed between the pair—" where the hitch had come." "I bave noticed for a while past," he wrote, "something has been wrong with you. -Come back, and if it's in the power of man to help you 111 do it." meantime " he thought, after he had dropped his letter in the box, "Til just step pver to Lraigvallen and ask how she is. That <»n t do any harm. I'll not go in, no matter hew much they press me." Mr. Muir's ; resolution was subjected to no such temptation. He saw only a stately butler, who said lie "believed Miss Boyle was better; She had, gone to Greenisland. with Mrs. Vince, for the benefit of seabathing." CHAPTER XXXIIL "- You are .very^ood; but it is all of no use. I haye sa|d everything man could say, and yet 'she.Is adamant. " . . It was Gorman Mnir who spok& striding np nnd down the room he Sm rundshea With some vague idea of proving even to himself that he was not beyond the pale of dtibediife.' He never looked handsomer £ts dark hair tossed back, his brown eyes flashing with a troubled light, bis expression at once scornful asd eorrowfuvhis head erect as though he were remonstrating against some terrible injustice—his whole attitude passionate, defiant, indignant. "If she could see him now/' thought his father, who sat quite still—his face pale, his lips compressed, his features set—a type of the not lass intense and impulsive, but or more dangerous side of Irish character. The one man might have been swayed by argument or feeling; not so the other. The germ of everything which has made the. dory of her children—all the traits that have fillea to overflowing the sad cup of Ireland's shame —were, unknown to himself, planted deep in the nature of Hewson Muir. He was mads precisely of the same stuff as the men who, through starvation and death, held Derry till relief came; who, though their daily wage might have been counted by pence, refused " blood money," even when the temptation came in the_shape of a thousand pounds; who fought against "their natural enemies" at Fontenoy—fought for and with them dnmauy a day since; done deeds bards might immortalize, and committed crimes angels have wept to see. Be was made of the sternest and the most enduring stuff that can enter into the composition of a human being. Nevertheless,- he could but be regarded as full of contradictions.- Hospitable yet mean, implacable yet generous, loyal .yet rebellious, appreciative yet envious, icantious yet foolhardy, bis temperament differed utterly from the poetic, passion-ridden, easily tempted weakly strong nature of the man who called him father. Save a tendency to fall, there was no irace of likeness between them. Mr. Muir possessed one quality in common with the DeviL He might have been great in sin, but he could scarcely have scaled any height of virtue. In the way of crime Gorman could, given occasion, have trod step for step with his father to a certain point. There he would have stopped, and, by remorse and self- abnegation, tried, nnavailingly it might be, but still tried, to atone for hiB fault. To the father repentance was an unknown quantity; to the Bon it proved a wind which always seemed beating nim back-from some point he wanted to make. The one was an enemy to fear, the other a friend to doabt. HewBon Muir had none of the storm-driven nature which - made Gorman's life how all sunshine, again all shade; but he possessed an intense power of concentration and resistance to external influences that rendered the coast of his mind wilder and more treacherous than that whereon the waves of anger and sorrow dashed, exhausting their energies for evil in showers of blinding spray. " Nonsense," said Mr. Muir, and the repression in his hard, cold voice formed a striking contrast to the tender softness and melting tone which rendered his son's lightest utterance almost a declaration of love. " You're talking a pack of rubbish. HereVa girl—I don't say she's bad-looking, she's for from that, but Bbe*s nothing to make' a song-about - without a penny piece to her fortune, cast adrift by her father's relations, made none too welcome by her mother'i side of the house, and yon tell me she won't listen to reason—that she'd rather be a governess than marry you. The idea is totally-beyond the. bounds of sense. You've been too oager, my lad. You've let her see her power: she's trying you. As long as you follow she'll riin. Just -yon stop,- put your hands in - your pockets and snout, *Good-byl I'm tired of this/ and fthsll come to yoa fast enough." : "Yon are quite wrong abbntthe matter," returned Gorman, vehemently. '"Did not •X' tell her I wonld make a foot -of myself no longer? And I might just-aa jwell bave spoken to,a stone." >" Because vou were not in .earnest, and she. knew it. She knew you couldn't leave her, and that yoa did not mean to leave ber." " But I did, I swear to yon. . If there -eyer was anything I intended more .fully than another it was either to go to ruin faster than I have yet tried to-do ormanyawomanI dislike out of band." r < " I wish to the Lord yoa had done the last/* interpolated Mr. Muir. "I shall never do that now. Hod I been able to bring myself to" the state of mind in which a man marries a woman who is distasteful to him in every respect, except 20 far as utter honesty' is concerned, your desire would have been fulfilled long' since. - As matters stand, now, what-I shall do one day is thia—I will go away and never return. Had It not, been for your 'kindness, father, during the -months gone by I rahonld have gone ere'this."' And Gorman, acting npon an impulse he was unable to check, stretched out his hand, which Mr. Muir.fcobfe arid held for a moment in an eloquent silence ere he answered, " Before you are driven to that we'll make a try if we-can't set for you what you've set your mind on. The- girl wouldn t be my fancy, butifahfi'a yours there's no- call to talk more about the matter ; yon are putting as fine a chanipe as any man ever got behin3 your back, and yon want to many a beggar who is daughter to the craaest ofd woman in Ulster." .. " Yes, and if she were willing to marry.me I should hot'object to'fifty mothers-in-law each' crazier than ^Mrs. Boyle.". "That's all very well till- you've got your wife," answered Mr. Muir; "likelyenough, after thatr you'd think one too many." t " Wbuld to heaven I were tried !" : " Well,'well, Tve had my say; only German, I'd have you bear one thing in .mind, when a woman has money if TOUget tired of her there's satisfaction to bs had out of her money,'' though there's none out of herself—and . "Look here," thundered Gorman, and he brought hi8-elenched fist down on the table as he spoke, if Berha Boyle Were pitted with smallpox, if she were stricken blind, if she were deaf, dumb, lame, a beggar in the street, she would .still :-be fierna to me, the woman ot my life, the love of my soiil, the only sweetheart I nave eyer really had." "God only knows what yon see abont her," -said Mr. Muir. " Wheal was young I wasn't, perhaps, over particular; butTl always. did like a girl with some sort of warm,tli—a girl, who if She liked you, would throw ber arms round your neckband kiss you, or let you draw her blushing face close . to your own till" . . 1 Gorman stamped his foot. "I know the girls you meaii, he said," arid I have no doubt to some men they might seeincharming; - but I would wait a year for my. mistress's ismile, and think myself -well paid'if at the <end of that time she vouchsafed me one gracious word." "Yon have waited nizh upon a year, •remarked Mr. Muir, " and she hasn't appa rtntly given you even that." " No ; and Bhe never will," answered Gorman. " There's the trouble.. If I had only hope, the ghost of a hope, I would serve for her as Jacob served for Rachel, and, were : that possible,.with a stouter heart." " You'll never be like Jacob, Tm afraid, my man," retorted Mr. Mnir. " Out of all the folk mentioned in Scripture, he was, as well as I can gather, far and away the wisest. Only consider him when Laban wanted to get the better of the bargain in that matter of the sheep ! What's that you're muttering? ' Plague take Laban and the sheep too,!' B«ally, Gorman, I wonder at you, born and bred as you have been, in a Christian country, among Christian-people." "Father," said Gorman, "hereafter, perhaps, in the long, lonely days to come, when I am a grey-headed, • wifeless, —'- 1 — childless, desolate man, I know I shall still say I would rather have loved Berna Boyle hopelessly, than married one of the.Blood Koyal and had the Crown Lands eetU^d upou me iut-o the bargain,". ^-..l .- '•'• louknCtt- best, of course." """"*" " Yes, I think I do. Though I may never have even one happy memory of fulfilment to look back upon, I snail always remember my short love- aream as the happiest portion of a life which might have been made useful to God, man, ana myself—which I should have made useful—but for the cruelty of a girl yon despise." "That.I despise! For the Lord's sake, German, pay more heed to what yon are saying. I don't despise Mass Boyle, or even that foolish creature the mother, who pays for all she has with a most proper punctuality. They're decent people, ana have got good relations, but they are HOT BICH!" And if so, what then ?" " Why, you might be rich, that's all. You know as well as I do, though Mr. Garnsey bid you not make love to his daughter, he would give her to you to-morrow." Iknow that; and I know why." "What's the why?" y ' " He wants a son-in-law who would make no enquiry about a sum of money which ought to have come to her under her srandfother's wiU; : !md, besides, if all I heard in Dublin is trne, he has a mind to have a person fitayingiat Beechfield he could scarce ask Ms daughter to stop in the house with." "I gee—but all that makes no odds to you. He rave you to understand Miss Garnsey would have five thousand pounds. Man! man! pause and consider; a face you've taken a fancy tomay be very fine, but money's better.. Think of all the diversion and satisfaction you might get out of a good income, and don't refuse the luck that's in a manner forced upon you, just because one girl's eyes are a trine brighter than another's. "If l cannot marry Miss Boyle, I shall die a bachelor," answered Gorman. " Well, well, may be^that wouldn't be so bad a fate.. "After single a good wife's best,' you know. Where would you find a happier man than Mr. Cornelius Desmond ? ifyon conld give up tbis notion of that girl at Clear Stream I would never speak to you again about Miss Garnsey." ** It is of no nse; I cannot give up my notion, but I can go away." " You shan't do that. I wish yon had taken me into confidence long ago. but I hope it's; not too late yet. Tho first thing you'll do, if yon follow my advice, is to get Mr. VInee on your Bide. _ He's no fool, and as for as I can gather he is none so fond of poor relations; he would, maybe, counsel Mina Boylo for her good. " 1 do not want any one to counsel her. I would not take any wife who would only many me because she was forced." " Dear me, I am sure I can't tell which way to take yon. Whatever yoa may think about Mr. Vince, though, I suppose you'll conoede the mother ought to be told yon want the daughter." " I don't know who is to tell her. I won't." "Somebody must; and I think Mr. or Mrs. Vince would be the best to break the news. I wouldn't wonder a bit if it was tho thought of her mother had something to do with the girl's refusal," Gorman shook his head. "Will yon leave it to me?" went on his father. " Will yon let me see what I can do among them all f" " Yes; I will leave it to you," agreed the younger man, after a moment's hesitation. : And you will try and behave yourself like a rational being—attend to your work, and keep steady, and give Clear Stream a wide berth till I tall you to go there ?" "Yes; I think I can promise all that.'-' "You see. I understand from the old woman her daughter is determined to go out as governess, and thafcMr. Vince won't let his wife help her to get a place. He wasn't best leased to find the girl at Craigvallen at Eotne among them when he came back from Lotndon—there's nothing the widow doesn't let out—and it's very sure hell never ask her there again. If we mind -what we are about, I believe the next time you ask Berna Boyle she will say Yes;' but don't be in too .great a hurry to aak her, I think I can- .work the Dusineas if you will only have patience, though the Lord only knows what Bell will ' ay when Bhe hears all that is going on. She'll be neither to" hold nor to bind." What Mr. Gorman Muir observed in reply need not be chronicled. His comment dealt with the great Bell question in a summary and exhaustive manner. 