TRAINING NOTES. FLEMLYGTOX, TUESDAY. I The tracks this morninir presented a most animated appearance, in spite of the bitterly cold air, which I penetrated to one's marrow-bone. However, the cold morning was amply compensated for by a sight of ! continued strong work performed by the different ? cracks having en casements in the lading events of ' this and next n cck. Bailies was the first to commence ? business, and be sept Archie on J The Drummer once j round at their best. The colt was pulling his head I off ail the way, and accomplished the round ! in 2iu. StK * Beaumont went slowly ; and I Coir, The Bohemian, and Sirocco did a fast six furlongs; wliiuh was also the task set Brown and l(o>e; Soldier Boy was sent a smart gallop round the tan, which he covered in lm. 55s. ; shortly after this we had Countryman on the track, with Yeomans up; the Newmarket favourite was let out for six furloiigs at his very best, and did the journey in lm. 23s., but he seemed to tire in an alarming style towards the finish, so much so that a prominent tiookmaker, who never lets a thin? of the kind miss him for want of courage, immediately laid 3,000 to 450 in one hand to a Sydney turfite. Here's Luck went fast on the tan ; and Saiouara Had a brisk six furlongs on the outer track with one of A. Davis's team ; Navigator, who is= looking the horse of last year's autumn meeting, was sent a couple of miles with' Melanie, and later picked up Muscat to finish with, the time being 3m. (lis; Coolabah had six furloncs at full speed by himself ; and Sweet William, with \fallangra, galloped two miles; the former, of course, had the test erf it, and was timed 2m. 521s. f or a mile and a half, with 3m. 4SJs. for tbe whole journey. Hie hitherto disappointing eon of Yattendon never looked so well as now, and might distinguish himself in the Australian Cup. Legrand went a first-rate spin with Glencoc, and covered the round of the sand track in 2m. 39s., whilst Wheatroeat and Conjecture were treated to (rood sound work. Of Morrison's lot. Commotion and the Feu d'Artifice colt went about a mile together, when tbe young' one pulled off and Creswick finished two and a quarter uiiles with the Champion hero. Reginald and the Vasco di Gama colt were treated to useful work; and The Broker, Falkirk, and Felicia went six furlongs, Falkirk being beaten off in lm. 27s. Warcrj- and Dirk Hatteraick did a spurt of six furlongs, in which the South Aus tralian colt fairly distinguished himself. Guess work went a circle of the outer track at half-speed, and increased the pace for a second round; and Umberto worked 6lowly whilst Bassaoio spurted out for six furlongs. Baron von Mueller had Anglesey for a companion after can tering on the sand, the pair doinfr a very useful gallop in nice style. The Joker went once round the sand at full speed; and Ironhand accompanied Trumpeter for a useful spin. Mr. Fennelly sent lolanthe and Salva over a fast five furlongs; and Sejenhoe (Hales up) with Bargo got over as furlongs in lm. 22s. Martini-Henry was slipped with Morpeth, subsequent to cantering, and the pair etuck veil together for a round of the tan, which was made in 2m. 36s. Mor peth, however, had only a small boy up, which made all the difference. Mary cantered and wound up her mornings work with a fast three-quarters of a mile, and Stationer followed suit; whilst Mickey Free after going slowly, picked up Lesbia, and ran home to gether fast. Wotonjpi and Hurricane had slow work on the tan; and Middlemarch, looking well, strode along by himself. Phantom was extended on tbe sand; and Hannibal did some useful work. Mr. Dakin sent Fryingpan round tbe outer track, and the son of BethnaJ Green covered tbe journey in 2m. 35s. WEDXESDAT. After so much fine work on the preceding morning, trainers were treating their horses to moderate-pace work. The following were striding along for good exerciseThe Joker and Anglesey separately went twice round the sand for three- quarter paoe work. Middlemarch galloped over ttrec-quartera of a mile, and Ironhand, with Power in the pigskin, ran a sharp gallop over tbe Newmarket distance in lm. 21}s. Mr. Lang's team were doing strong work, Napier running over a mile and a half in capital" form, whilst King of the Vale and Vergy rattled a good pace over a couple of miles of the sand, and Priestess was doing a sharp gallop over three-quarters of a mile. Acrobat was striding along for useful work, and Manfred did a capital gallop over six furlongs, going well. Gambler doing good-pace exercise on the ton. Wallangra and Boscawen in company ran smartly over six furlongs. Where's the Cat and Sea Serpent were brushing along at a good pace for a mile. Thubsdat. There was a large attendance on the training grounds this morning, in anticipation of seeing impor tant work, and the watchers were amply rewarded, as they witnessed some of the best gallops of the sea son over the Newmarket distance. Business began before daybreak, and Countryman was the first about whom anything could be distinctly ascertained. He galloped three-quarters of a mile by himself in the capital time of lm. 19a., a feat that caused some people to Imagine the great handicap was as good as over. After a few other horses of unimportance passed. Commotion appeared on the scene; but the champion was restricted to half-speed work over a ooupleof miles. Guesswork morely cantered on the tan, and looks very unlike his former self; Hurricane also cantered; and then Archie and The Drummer opened with a nice breather, after which they struck out for a mile and a half, and the young one made the journey in 2ni. 52£s., as the other died away at the <<ni«h Boisterous and Mickey Free did useful work; and The Joker bowled along; whilst Gooiabah did the last half* mila of six fariones in 55s. Dirk Hatteraick and Tbe Broker went a fast three-quarters of a mile: and Brown and Boge, The Bohemian, and Ooir covered the Journey at their best, the last-named, however, being beaten off. Soldier Boy had a lump the best of Bassanio and Conjecture in a six-furlong spin, with the fast record of lm. L8£t., or 52s. for the last half-mile. Fryingpan made the best round of the sand this morning, his time being 2m. 32s. Unfor tunately the honest son of Betbnal Green pulled up with a split foot. Frimiu, Stationer, and Vary all went six furlongs fast, and Saionara had good useful work. Navigator started off with Melanie for a couple of miles, and when the latter dropped out, Cupidon succeeded her. The times were2m. 86a. for the round, 3m. 15s. for a mile and three-quarters,' and 8m. 60s. for tbe whole distance. Here's Luck was a great deal the superior of Emilius over six furlongs; and Trumpeter had strong work by himself; whilst Baron von Mueller and Anglesey etrode along together in good style. Hypatia and Glenooe gaQopedthree-1 quarters of a mile, in which the grey oorered the dia- j tance in lm. 22s. Phantom also strode along alone over six furlongs in half a seoond more; and Iron- j hand, with Power up, went about a mlle altogether at I full speed. Victress, St. John, and Country Boy were slipped together, the latter voiy soon dropping aw ay, and the filly thereafter disposing of the other; she accomplished tbe Newmarket distance in the fast time of lm. 19Js., tbe halt-mile being MAs. After Legrand had run away from Veoetaa in a six-furlong spin, Segenhoe, Batgo, and Salvo mode their j appearance, and were despatched on a three-] quarter-mile sprint. The crack fairly distin guished himself, as he came with a great i buret ot speed In the last furlong, and finished; in lm. 21s. Lord Wilton was the next to provide a' sensation. Coming out with Prinoe Patrick, who veiy! early was beaten off, the wit, although Indifferently handled by his boy, made the bIk furlongs in lm.IMa., or 68s. for thehalf-mile. This feat wa» considered by many good judges the best Ketnaarket Handicap trial of tile morning, though if it be true that be had his shoes off it certainly was not. ? Mutlni-Henix and Horpctb ran a nmeanda halt in 2m.48je.,auttthe round fn 2m. 85s. Street WilBam and Wallangra (track out for a useful gallop. Priestess and Kapler did theii- six furlongs on the course In lmi 28JS., which brought to a close a most interesting morning's work. CAULFJELiD, THCBSDA*. It was a mild pleasant morning, The ranger re moving tbe hurdles on tbe cotirse proper, there was 4 fsir amount of good work ffotfiirongh by several 61. thefcorses.Mr. ConnoUy cola# the first to com mence, be sent Sant* (wins and LaJla Bookh for striding "exercise over aoouple ofriHea. Attache, alone, was doing good worlc t«ipe round tiie ground. \ Tlmon was treated to Jnrne biH-pao# .tuceWtee, *nd1 Friendless, who goes weU/wu Jmuhlngalong twioe roupd for,.^rong. work; JUanwluke doing ditto, iiorffltua sstt mninfifa pv« j half a mile; Orlando doing useful paoe work on the sand, where Zona was striding along at three-parts speed for a circle. Mr. Haines Bent Doncaster with Aidede-Camp, the pair running a strong eallop over a mile and three- quarters, The Ghost leading them for a mile, the mile and three-quarters occupying 8iu. 27s. The last half-mile was got over in lia. la. Coriolanus and Sting tlicn appeared on the track, both horses looking in rare trim, they cantcred round to the sod wall, where they set going, and ran about a wile and three-quarters; the last round was done in 2m. 24s.; and the hurdles being some yards from the nner running, the circle of the track is about CO or 70 yards over a mile and a quarter, so that the last mile and a quarter was run in 2m. 19s., which is a good working gallop. Pollio cantcred round the track, and afterwards strode another turn Iat half-speed. Ishmael and Triplet were doing good exercise, and Mcrri, in company with Mr. Harper's Stampede, were doing some rattling good work. Cupola, Polly, and John Gilpin were doing nioe pace exercise in company for a mile and a ha'f; and Mr. Watson's Ptarmigan and Berwick" were doing work. Liberator was having long cantering. Mr. Duffett was doing some capital work with Black Jacket* The colt Korfolk, who was cantcring, joined the steeplechaser the last half-mile, running home strong. The pair of King Cole mares were treated to some fair pace work; also Souvenir and others of ttie team. Batty was on Yately, and with Ontario, they popped over two or three hurdles ; after wards Yately strode along a couple of miles from half to three-parts pace. P. Hey wood was, cantering Wclcouie Jack, Jackdaw, Sir Charles, and Leporello; the filly Duenna, after cantering, ran a brisk gnllop over six furlongs. Mr. Leek's Colstoun was doing long slow exercise, and Heptakos some half pate work. F. Leng had Petrel and Evelyn working mildly, and Napoleon, in company with Kaillen-, was cantering. Mr. Davis's team worked in the afternoon, they having done seme smart exercise on the preceding one, the Newmarket mare Oamerine running seven furlougs in lm. 34s., which was a capital gallop, David accompanying her a part of the trip. Dargo and Ditto were treated to some good work. Mr. Bobcrtson had Liddington cantering, and the oolt Precious Stone, after doing a canter, ran a brisk gallop about six furlongs. The son of Tubal Cain was looking well, and he went well. 