ABOUT TAXATION. " I To the Suitor of the *i Northern Star/' SIB,-Although the ghost of the sugar I duties, or the excise, ns it is culled, has for the timo boca laid-yet it is only for a timo. The estimates for next year, will doubt-, less revive the whole matter again. I think, therefore, it is the duty of all those .who hold opinions on thc raising of revenue, and tho consequent additional taxation of tin people, to utilise tho time now passing in 'milking them known. Sorno people expect a deal from the now Land Bill. " I* think they will bb Uisnp pointed. I do not expect »ny addition*! revenue from it, or from any of the otliei measures at present indicated by the Minis try. It appears that every Government in succession, aro either, unwilling, or unable to face the question of additional taxation, and honestly to grapple with it, yot this must soon be done. There is no doubt, that the wealth, and the different industries of the Colony, are well able to provide for tne good Govern ment of its people, and to supply all their wants liberally at the same time, if properly administered. In considering the question of additional taxation, it is necessary to ask the following question, viz.-What kind of taxation is that which will be most just to all concerned, and which will not press too severely upon any portion of the people 1 To this I answer, an Income Tax, under some restrictions. We are now raising, possibly, half the required revenues of the Colony through the customs. Why not raise vthe necessary addition by taxing all incomea>..or salaries, of from ¿300 per annum, and upwards 1 Those people whose incomes does not amount to said sum, are the laboring and poorer classes, who ate now paying their full share of taxations, and more than they are able to pay, through the customs. An Income Tax is not open to the same objection as a property tax, viz.,-That of giving away the principle to the state, if the property is not paying. There are ' millions of pounds worth of property, at all times in the state, which are not paying. To ' compel the payment of a tax on the apparant value of such property, is to give the principia away, piecemeat, to'the State. This is both unjust and exceedingly severe. "With nn Income Tax it is not so. The man who receives ¿£300 or more, yearly, from whatever source, can easily pay, say, one per cent, on it, without feeling it. An Income Tax is as easily collected as a pt o perty tax. It is os easy to find out the in come of property as its value. There is no person receiving ¿£300 or more-annually, that cannot give a statement of it. Our legislators quote precedents for their guidance from English Statesmen, with reference to everjaykhing, only the raising of revenue ; why not take example in this also, from England ? When pressed for money there they taxed all incomes, from ¿£100 and upwards-I think. This tax varies accord ing to the necessities of the - Empire ; why not something of the same nature be here ? Then, an Income Tax will reach the absentee grandees-a class who are drawing immense incomes from the Colony, without contributing in any way to its revenues, while the laboring population are crushed by undue taxation ; and tho money so obtained, is lavishly expended in protecting, accom modating; and otherwise benefiting the numerous and varied interests of those nabobs. » " '?>'. ; Another way. of obtaining necessary revenue for the bona 'fide wants of the State, is by reducing some of the overgrown depart ments in Sydney, and by c ailing down some of the overgrown salaries therein. ¿640,000 or ¿650,000,"per.annum, might easily bo added to the revenue of the State,. by: wisely reducing the immensely overgrown; public Borvioe, without in any way-- injuring its efficiency. I maintain, that an Income Tax of one per cent, on all incomes from ¿£300 and upwards, withal least, 2 per cent, on all absentee incomes, to rise and full, according to the necessities of the Colony, as in Eng land, with a salutary reduction in the public service, -is immensely the best,' the least severe; as it is wisest and justest, of any way by which to fill tho empty exchequer of the State.-- >. Yours, «fee, ? -, HONESTY. 10th April, 1884. . ; 