THE NOVELIST. JACK'S COURTSHIP.* A SAILOR'S YARN OP LOVE AND SHIP WRECK. By W. Clabk Russell. Chapter XXXIL a dead calm.. Abreast of Sierra Leone we lost the north east trades—yon may call the Ioniritude nine degrees north. At noon the son stood al most directly over as, and a man's shadow was so short that itneeded half-an-hour sBWim of the saa down the ecliptic to petsa&de; him. that he had one. Yon felt the neat when the swinging trade wind ceased to hlow. It went out in a brehth, the last of-its Bteam-like clouds rolled away over the sea, and the ocean , fell into a trance. This was in the afternoon; everybody was on deck, Aunt Damaris among them ; but when that won derful calm came along in the wake of the last soft faint sigh of the wind, the hush of it seemed to fall like the night itself upon the ship. From under the shadow of the awning aft you looked along and saw the light blue of the sky dazzling into silver over the sea betwixt the main and foreshrouds on either hand; and, whenever the delicate swell let the ship lie steady for a Bpace on a1 level keel, then, wherever the Bunshine poured, you would see all erect things—the lower masts, the figures of men and women, the galley chimney, the standing rigging vibrating with the appearance of revolving in the hot, steamy atmosphere, like corkscrews slowly turned. The sea went away from the shin's side in a surface of blue oil to the sky,! ana melted there in a haze that made the distance look immeasurable. The loll was so soothing that in a very abort time Captain Jackson was snoring at the top of his pipes out of bis wide-open month, his wife oozed over a book, Mrs. Marmaduke Mortimer slumbered on the sky-light with her head on the ship's ensign—everybody appeared mes merised ; the hens in their coops mnttered as you may hear them in their roosts at mid night; the emigrants lay about the decks wherever the shadows were; the sailors nodded over their jobs, and an ordinary sea man greasing down the foreroyalmast, swung there under the mighty violet dome as though slumbering to the lullaby chanted by the soft white canvas as it gently came into the masts with the gentle heaving of the vessel. It was desperately hot in the cuddy in spite of windsails and open skylights, and nothing could have taken us to it nor detained us in it but dinner. The passengers were not in a good temper, and Captain Jackson led off at table by exclaiming, as he stirred and looked into his plate, " What! soup within a stone's throw of the equator!" "Nothing like hot6tuffs in hot weather," said Daniel, from his place at the head of the table; " they make you feel cool afterwards." "I say, captain," cried Mr. Thompson Tucker, "any chance of a breeze, do yon know! There are more lively things than being stuck like a buoy in the middle of the ocean." Can't say, I'm sure," replied Daniel, turning np bis red face to the skylights; " we never nope for much in the way of breezes hereabouts." " Then what are we to expect !" exclaimed Aunt Damaris, sharply; she was sitting in her old place, leaving Florence to me. "Why, ma'am, were to expect what they call cats paws; troublesome currents of air which keep common sailors swearing," an swered DanieL We're in the parallels termed the dol drums." said Captain Jackson, with the per spiration standing in globules upon his face. Scalding soup in the doldrums 1" And be wiped his forehead with a large silk pocket handkerchief " Why does he take it!" whispered Florence to me. " I don't think it much matters," said Aunt Damaris, snappishly, "whether you call these dumdrums or tantrums. They're very annoy ing, and always make me regret that I am not in a steamer." /called them doldrnms," said Captain Jackson, warmly, " though no doubt they occasionally produce tantrums." " Of that lam Quite sure," exclaimed Aunt Damaris with a giggle ; " and hot soup does the Same thing at times, doesnt it, Captain Thompson ? Doldrums, indeed," cried she, suddsnly changing her manner; " if sailors give things imbecile names, I wonder sensible peopte can be found to repeat them." " James," bawled Captain Thompson to a steward, " tumble on deck and see if there's a breath of air, and if so, have the windsail slewed\to it;" while Florence whispered to me, "fapw pettish aunt is! I hope there won't tya quarrel," and Mrs. Jackson scowled at the pld .lady. However, the navy man made naanswer, and we were hauled clour of what threatened to be auhindy by Thompson Tucker spying, " I always heard that the sea was moiotonons, bat never could have guessed vihat a real bore it is. How can people be sailors! Think of getting np every morning and seeing the same thing. What have you g& at sea! There are no theatres, no concertino balls—them's nothing to ex pect—noisier, no shooting, no hunting, no riding—them's nothing to do except to eat anddtink aid go to bed. Who'd be a sailor!" " If there were no sailors you'd get no tea nor sugar, ntr ivory fnnsand ostrich feathers and sealskin cloaks. and hundreds of other nice things," 4aid mild Mrs. Grant " And who! fight your battles!" said Gap tain Jacksomuefiantly. '.'Yes," said Mrs. Marmadnke Mortimer, "if there werebo sailors, England would be invaded, and kiw dreadful that would beto which htr hujband added, "Dreadful in deed." .1 _,"A« to taking my bottles," exclaimed Thorn pwuTuaaer, "all that I can say is, it I can't do that fir myself, I don't know who'll do it for me. However, I'm not going to argue that men am not very kind to put on loose trousers or red toata and go out and shoot my enemies. Whenever I consider bow little I am asked to isy in support of the army and navy, I alwak feel that it's a cheap let off for me. Thau why I'm never annoyed when a mlUtamcqnaval offioer gives himself aire. ^ I say,4 No,uet him be proud of being what ha is; nehqute welcome to think him self a finer personthan I; if he didnt, he'd fall himself a fool lor venturing his life for a urine of moneyandja suit of livery which he a Aunt Damaris applauded this loudly, no doubt beomse it iodEed to he a kind of slim j at Captjdn Jackto l, whom She detestea,! while Mm. Jack** ■ declared that she had never heard such ee timents, and'Miss Grant i piped out I ph. I d urivlove soldiers !" For part,! could not help laughing' loudly at i the etapid creature i reasoning, and Daniel Joining in, our volle of mirth set aome of the othem grinning: am the rest of the dinner timstpaSssd^w« ** any further marked! Aunt Damans was afraid of dew, bat for all that the heat of the caddy proved too mach for her and drove her on deck. It was about eight o'clock, and she found me sitting I with Florence, but she said nothing—merely asked me to place a chair for her near her niece, and so joined us. "Take care you don't catch cold again, aunt," said Florence, "I must take my chance," she answered; " I cannot stand the atmosphere downstairs —you could bake bread in it," , Here the vessel gently leaned, themizzen topsail and top-gaflantsail came in sleepily to the maBt and shook down a shower of dew that pattered on the deck like a small fall of rain. / - " Why, what is that?" cried Aunt Damaris, looking up into the breathless black heavens, in which thg planets were shining like moons, whilst the myriad orbs behind them seemed to convert the firmament into one Yast Milky Way. " Dew,"said I; "and lam afraid it will drop npon yon wherever you go, for it collects fast npon the ropes and rigging as well as the sails and yards. If yon have an umbrella in your cabin " "I bave, Mr. Egerton, but I'm not an Indian princeBS." said she, " with a retinue of black slaves to hold umbrellas up over me, and I really feel too languid to hold up one myself." " You need not do so, Miss Hawke," B&id; I. "At all events, after your late bad illness, I am determined not to let you ran any risks, so if yon will allow me to get your umbrella "Oh, Mr. Egerton, yon are very kind and attentive" said the old lady, with a perfect gush of feeling coining out along with the words. " I am sure I am very sensible of your politeness, sir—I am, indeed." And another patter of dew draining down from the swing of the canvas on high, she started and said, "The Bteward will find an nmbrella in a bundle under the lower bedstead—tell him not to open the strap, but to pull the umbrella out, ana to be very careful to " and she followed up with about twenty directions, winding up with, "Florence, you had better fetch it; the steward is Sure to upset some thing and pull things about" Whereupon my darling jumped up, went for the umbrella, and returned with it I stepped up to one of the apprentices and asked nun to get me a couple or rope-y&rnB;, and secured the handle of the umbrella to the back of the old lady's chair; and thus shel tered, she pronounced herself very comfort able and extremely obliged to me for my attention. When the other passengers caught sight of this umbrella, Bome titters went Hy ing about the shadows along the poop, and I heard Captain Jackson say to somebody he was talking to near the wheel—the navy man never conld subdue his voice—"Well, con found me if ever I .{saw an open umbrella at sea before. Were f squall to come now and blow her overboaid, aamme if the picture wouldn't be like the flight of a witch on a broomstick!" i "Did you heat that?" gasped Aunt Damaris. * "I did," I replied; "it is a very rade re marl^ but as it was not meant to reach our ears, it will not do to take any notice of it." It was a wonder that I managed to speak, for I was nearly choked with suppressed laughter, whilst I could see Florence, by the clear light of the stars that came slanting fair npon her over the port quarter, shaking with merriment. "Of ail vulgar, horrid persons," began Aunt Damaris; but Florence put nerh&nd; on her arm—" Dear aunt, for goodness sake don't let. Captain Jackson's impertinence anger you. Think how uncomfortable it -will be for us should there be a quarrel. He cannot be a gentleman to utter such a remark in a loud voice, and therefore yon can very well afford to take no notice of him." " A gentleman!" cried the old lady, with her face glimmering under the blackness of the nmbrella like the reflection of your countenance in a looking-glass in a dark room; " why, I qm beginning to think that word perfectly horrible If a captain in the Royal Navy isn't a gentleman, if the son of a baronet of ancient family isn't a gentleman, who ought to be, pray ? And what excellent samples of gentility the two specimens I mention prove!" she cried, with a perfect writhe inner voice in the bitterness of the sarcasm she intended; "the one falling drunk and using disgraceful language, and the other shouting ont insults to an old lady at the top of his voice, like a costermonger crying fish!" _ " He cannot moderate his voice," said I; " he has evidently been used to speaking trumpets. However, if you wish it, Miss Hawke, I shall be glad to make his affront to you a personal one, and ask him what he meant by his remark. This seemed to please Aunt Damans, but Florence exclaimed, " Please dp nothing of the kind. We cannot be suri that he is ignorant or has no suspicionjof Mr. More combe's motive in joining thp ship—at all events, it is best to be on the&ofe; side, and consider that the secret may pot be wkoUy onr own; and I could never forgive you, aunt,, if by quarrelling with (hat man you caused him to make remarks aiid hunt about for ideas, and perhaps end in inventing some horrid story about us." I laughed in my sleeve to beer her talk in this way; she was not very sincere in her alarm, and Sophie would hsvecalled her a sly puss for Bpeaking thus, but m me it was delicious to listen to her, for I child see the meaning that lay behind, and hog intimately it concerned her and me. Herirorda acted like magic on her aanL V " Wefi—yes—I think you are right, Flo rence. It will be more dignified Mr. Eger ton, to leave the man alone. - So vulgar a mind iB sure to be malicious—an! he might invent, you know." "What's that f' suddenly cried Florence, with the shadowy outline of hei.arm point ing ibto the east that the swing of the ship in the dead calm had brought bead on the port beam. I fancied she exclaimed in this way to abruptly change the subject, hut when I looked, I saw that what had attracted her was * faint reddish light upan tie sea-line. The water stretched up to it in asurlace of liquid ebony, with here apd there the flaking of a star-reflection in toe heavpg of the dent' j>- . 1 "Ha lt» ship on fire ?" said Aunt Damans, peering and pecking at It with Jot face out of the Bliadow of the umbrella. 1 " It's the moon rising," Iexclained. Justthep the lowuotesof a tell-played ooncertina struck uPron the aisirter- deck, and three voices joined in—o tenTr and two women's. I afterwards heard fhey were steerage passengers—amongst thorn, I mean, who lived under die cuddy; but they had never sung on deck before, and though I am not going :to tell you that them angrag was that pf; first-rate artists, nor that h daylight we should bave found it vonr moving, yet the .effect was perfectly thrilling tonia the dork,. deep ocean stillness, braonly by moaning watoof waters along jheships e |»dthe soft flapping of canraa, while tin toe easl grew charer and toe cribaoa orb ater'naul the arch p? 1 over the borison. steal thib ntohipg upon the black deep a blood-like ray that slowly lengthened as the orb soared, swiftly changing to orange, then tojjearl, then to silver, with an ice-like rim of the f sea just under her. In a few minutes she had shot high and clear, and her light came along a kind of flowing silvery sheen that the eye could watch the approach of until it was rippling full upon the ship, transforming her canvas into squares of marl, whilst every shadow took a deeper shade, and ice-like sparkles were kindled into brass-work and glass. Oh, it was a sight most beautiful to see the large tropical atara in her neighbourhood waning in the blase of silver she flung over the wonderful indigo in which they were poised, and to bring the eye down from them to the fan-shaped glow of mild white light upon the water trembling like a wake of quicksilver to the very side of the shadowy snip, whilst in the sou pure radiance every object that the gaze rested on took a kind of ethereal delicacy, as if it were a picture that owed its creation to the moon-gleams; the shrouds and standing rigging that were turned towards the light ran up into the glimmer overhead like silver wires, the pale shining of the sails waned as they soared, until they looked todissolve in the airy splen dour that was flowing out of the east, the decks appeared like white satin with the J;1obs ana sheen upon them; and a sharp etty shadow was cast wherever a human figure stood or wherever a rope, a mast, or a yardarm broke the current of light streaming oat of the breathless sky and over the tranced deep. The music ceased on the quarter-deck, and my darling, whose sweet face 1 had been watching as ber eyes followed the ascent of the moon out of the sea, started with a kind of sigh, and exclaimed in a low voice, " How beautiful!—how melancholy!" though I wish it would bring us some wind. What was that they sung down there, Mr. Egertonl A kind of serenade I think." " I believe it was," said I, not having the least idea. " They chose the right moment to set off," and I peeped wistfully at Florence, heartily wishing. Aunt Damaris and ber umbrella were off the poop ; for if ever the melting mood was strong in my heart's delight it was at that moment, when moon light and music and feeling were combined with that indefinable sadness one feels at Bea when you look along the breathless leagues of water to where the haze of the moonlight seems to fall like a veil from heaven betwixt the watcher and the infinity beyond. But Aunt Damaris kept her seat, and the moonbeams shone in the dew upon the top of her umbrella Presently the singing was resumed on the quarter-deck; this time by thqJenor alone. His song was " Sally in our AlMr," as sweet a melody as ever mortal composed, and the plaintive beautiful notes were echoed aloft among the sails and seemed to float away from them in dying tones. Most of the passengers aft went to toe break of the poop to listen: and going there myself to take a peep (though I speedily returned to Florence), I spied toe quarter-deck crowded with the ftween-deckand steerage passengers, and such of the crew as formed the watch on deck. In the midst of the singing, two bells —nine o'clock—were struck, and toe hollow, metallic sound rang with carious effect out of the darkness under the mainmast, where the shadow of the folds of the hauied-up main sail lay dense. " It is curious," said I, resuming my seat, " how moonlight gives a kind of strangeness to the most familiar objects. Mystical is toe only word to express the irradiation. Objects look the merest spectres of themselves in it, catching, I suppose, their vagueness and un reality from what after all is only toe ghost or wraith of toe light that we live by—I mean the sun." '• It's a very becoming light," said Aunt Damaris. " It confers a chastity on the features which is not imparted by any other kind of illumination, though sperm oil is very soft," and I saw that her old eyes were fixed on Florence. " It's a sad light," said my darling; *' per haps because, as you say," she continued, addressing me (she was always trying to shirk calling me Mr. Egerton), " it makes unfamiliar things look unreal, it throws the hue of death over all that lives " " Pray don't be dreadful, my dear," ex claimed Aunt Damaris, giving herself a shake. " What sentimental views girls take of life! Bat cadaverous fancies are not poetical. Dear me I what a fearful calm 1 Why, if this is to last we shall never Gracious mercy t what's that 1" she cried: and as she uttered the exclamation, she jumped offt of her chair with such force as nearly to drive her bonnet through the umbrella, which with the chair went rolling over to the hen coop. Many Btrange and stirring sights had I be held in my seafaring days; 1 had seen the he&venB; in the east a bright red at midnight; half-a-dozen waterspouts illuminated by lightning whirling across the ocean in a tempest; fifty leviathans of the deep leaping their black stupendous forms half out of the snow of toe rushing surges off the Falkland Islands; the storm-wave like a white wall rolling oat of the pitchy blackness of the horison; a cyclone nalf- a-mile in diameter racing past the stern of our ship in a smooth sea, making the water boil as it went, but never touching us; but the like of toe sight that bad made Aunt Damaris cry oat and jump from her chair, that had caused me to suspended the Binging and all toe sounds as if a blight had fallen and paralysed and withered up the whole company of human beings upon oar decks, never before had I encountered. It was as if the sun had shot out of the dark star-laden sky overhead, and lighted an the sea to the nethermost confines of it I looked where all the others were looking, and saw a huge flaming body descending from the heavens, within a few degrees from the zenith on our starboard hand; the bright ness of it was the dazzling ardency of molten steel, when maintained ata white and blinding beat by a fan-blast; it resembled a etor tolling from its measureless altitude, , and growing into a world as big as this as it approached, kept furiously burning by its own velocity; toe moonlight was eclipsed by, the splendour; the sea was a bright gold under the rushing wonder j our ship stood out as if a noontide effulgence were upon her, and toe consterna tion mid awe and amazement that worked in our faces were as clearly to be seen as when toe tropical sun stood over our mastheads; no noise accompanied its descent; toe horror of it, if X may so apeak of any one feature of a spectacleof matchless, thrilling, breathless, awMbeauty 1 win toineagueeot wild white light that it threw out, sothat above it not,* star was to be seen, whilst toe moon at which X threw a hurried-glance had changed into a wan greenish disk, end toe em under her,. Oven m the fa^off east, gleamed like steel to too MBMfctt ndtMo® of that flaming descending body. Mates, if you have never seen each a sight as this, don't think I exag gerate in my description of it Yon know that Gods hand is most visible upon the deep, .aad that those who are cradled upon its mighty surface behold Hi" wonders best there. Here was an incomparable manifesta tion that I witness now, after all these years, as though it were again happening, and the awe and the spirit ofdevotion and the sense of my human littleness visit me anew with something of the oppressiveness I then felt as X watched that wondrous fiery body sweep ing down the sky. We held oar breath to await the plunge of it into the sea, and to hear the mighty hissing that we ex pected would follow; but when it had reached to about six degrees above the horizon, being then, as we were all afterwards agreed, not more than half a mile distant from the ship, it exploded with the stinging crash; of a burst of thunder, that went rolling along past us in a roar and died away ont upon the glassy surface in a moan; a thousand glowing fragments leaped for a breath like an outrushing of broken fire from the mouth of a volcano; and then the pained, dazzled, affrighted eye was met by a wave oi darkness in the midst of which there was presently to be seen a hunt bluish-white luminous smoke that hung in a sort of ring around that part of the air in which the meteor had vanished until the moonlight overpowered the spectral thing with itspearly film, and once more the stars were shining and the sea tenderly flaking the light of them as it softly heaved, whilst the ship melted back into the moonlight phantom Bhe had before resembled, and the ocean-line ran round in a soft black sweep against the distant gloom. All sorts of exclamations now broke forth from the people on the main and quarter decks, whilst the passengers aft closed round Daniel and Mr. Thornton to talk about the phenomenon, the sharpest and apparently the most t impressed questioner being Aunt Damaris. I drew off to where Florence stood near the foremost skylight " What did you think of that, my darling, as a display ot Are works ?" "I never saw anything-more terrible and splendid. What could it have been, Jack ?" " A meteor," said 1; " and 1 should think as large a one as ever fell." " Oh, listen to Captain Jackson," she ex claimed, " he is trying to frighten Aunt Damaris." The passengers made a block of dark shadow against the rail in the gloom of the mizzen topsail that the swing of the ship had brought betwixt them and the moon, and out of the midst of them came the loud tones oi the navy man : " Wfcat I say is, that if that body had struck this ship fair, it would have knocked us into a cocked hat, doubled as up, sent us to the bottom of the sea to add the stock of human bones there." " Oh, how dreadful! how fearfully danger ous the sea is 1" I heard Mrs. Marmaduke Mortimer say. "It is fearfully dangerous," whispered Aunt Damaris's saw-like tones ; " but I don't believe that that meteor wonld have done us much harm had it struck us. It was soft fire, nothing hard about it at all: it would have enveloped us like a flash of lightning, and perhaps have cracked a mast; but as to splitting the ship-—1 consider such ideas nonsense." • " If it was soft fire," said Mrs. Jackson jeeringly, " pray what made it burst likea bombshell, and with the noise of a thunder bolt, and how came its fragments to ilj about ¥' "That don't prove it was bard," said DanieL " Lightning's soft fire, as Mise Hawke calls it, but it's always followed bj noise." " Whatever it was," observed Mr. Thomp son Tucker, " I hope it won't occur again. Such appearances may be interesting t< witness from an observatory, but I'm one oi those persons who cant swim." " Had it struck us," cried Captain Jackson, " you wouldn't have wanted to swim. You wouldn't have known what hurt you. It would have smashed us all into jelly-fish, and there'd have been nothing left afloat but a few hats." "Just now it was to have made bones of us, and now we were to have become jelly-fish, said Aunt Damaris. " Captain Thompson, can't you explain to this gentleman the nature of those fiery bodies, so that if another should fall he need not feel alarmed?" "They're like cats and does," I whispered to Florence. " It's lucky your aunt isn't a man; we'd have them fighting in dark corners long before we are np with the Cape." Oh, she con protect herself," replied Florence, laughing: " but it's a thousand pities she should render herself so unpopular. It makes things very uncomfortable for me. Mrs. Jackson iB barely civil; you may notice how the others leave aunt and me alone, instead of joining as as they do one an other." ' " So much the better for tw, my sweet, said L " What more could I want than that you and I should be left utterly alone ?" She pat her hand into mine, and thus we stood listening to the voices proceeding from the block of shadow near the rpiaterboat. It is needless to say that Captain Jackson had witnessed the fall of a meteor twice the size of the one we had beheld when he had the honour of commanding H.M.S. Cock sparrow. " It was in a gale of wind, blowing great guns ; we were hove to under the lee clew of the close-reefed mffin topsail, making abominable weather of it; it was in the South Atlantic, in longitude about two degrees west. Comnoaants were burning at oar yani&rms;, and -the air was chokeful of electricity. Just before midnight a meteor of immense size rushed dpwn from oat of the clouds." . .. . And then he wentjon to de scribe the phenomenon we had just semi, greatly exaggerating its dimensions. I knew Daniel too well to suppose that he would let him off. . "That was a wonderful meteor, Captain Jackson, at least eight times larger than the one that dropped dose aboard of us north of the Mozambique Channel, the vessel being a small barque in which I was an apprentice. ' It fell at two belle in the middle watch ; it took ten minutes to drop, and the blaze it threw nut was so brilliant that it woke up the chief mate, who came on deck with his sextant thinking he had mistaken the time and that'it was just before noon. All the cocks started off a crowing, and I met the cook coining along to light the galley fire for breakfast f "Do you .believe that, Jack ?" whispered Florence. "" Itfe as trueaa the navy man's yarn," said " What dreadful fibs sailors tell 1" she ex claimed* " Captain, "said Mrs. O'Brien, "is it likely, do you suppose, that matcora are pieces of the sun dnrqpping off and tumbling njxm theesrtb? The thought's just come into my which live three thousand fathoms deep under our keel here." "What makes 'ein llamc thin V" asked Mrs. O'Brien. "Friction," replied Mr. Thompson Tucker; "they catch fire by rattling through the air GO faet Why, I suppose now, Captain Jack son, that one of those bodies would travel at the rate of three or four miles a minute." " Don't know, I'm sure," replied the navy man, " but the fact of their travelling at all proves that they are operated on by the laws of gravity, and consequently have weight in them. Were they soft fire, as Miss Hawke here says, why, damme, they'd go up as fire does; they couldn't come down." "Then will you tell me," cried Aunt Damaris scornfully, "how lightning, that is merely lire without weight in it, falls down out of the clouds ?" "Ob, that's a convulsion, that's a matter of electricity—another affair altogether." answered Captain Jackson, and probably afraid of being answered by the old lady, he said something to his wife about the dew, and they stalked off, Aunt Damaris joined Florence and me, exclaiming very audibly, as she approached us, "A convulson! No wonder he's given up the sea! Fancy such an ignorant man as tuat in charge of a ship of war I" Florence begged her not to speak so loud, whilst I went to pick up the cap sized chair and umbrella; but she had had enough of the deck, and after a brief stare round at the beautiful breathless night, she took my darling's arm, and went below. 