RING THE HELLS OF HEAVEN. RY DONALD CAMERON* lung uio Delia oi licaven; there is joy to-day For a soul roturning from the wild: See the Father meets him out upon the way, Welcoming his weary child 1 Glory 1 glory 1 how the angels sing I Glory ! glory l how tho loud harps ring ! "IMb the ransomed army liko a mighty sea, Pealing forth the anthem of the free i \ Tho psychological history of Archio M'Dougall has always appeared to mo intensely interesting, for it must havo been that of many a settler in Australia—tho working of now conditions and a new code of morals upon tho soul of a man brought up in tho narrowest of Puritan faiths, that of tho Free Church of Scotland, with its torrihlo creed of futuro punishment, derived in my opinion from tho dark and dreadful religions of Scandinavia, whose gloomy forests and Btcrilo wastes impart to those who Uvo in them their own stern and torrihlo character. To men so educated life has terrors that never enter into tho souls of people horn in tho south, whero tho moral codo is moro lax, and religion nB honeficent as naturo, the offspring of the warmth and tlic sunshine, glowing with lovo and color. That which tho southerner will com* mit without a thought of evil or a dream of retri bution is, to the man who has been reared in tho stern creeds of iho north, a torrihlo sin to bo expiated in a hereafter whicit eveu tho imagination of Italian Dante or English Milton failed to con coivo. To men liko Archie M'Dougall tho fulling away from a stato of grace is of all terrors tho greatest, and tho idea that tho unpardonable sin which Blmts them out for over from Hcavou is one that haunts thorn liko tho Bhadow of death all their lives. Their fightagainsttho now conditions of lifo, tho novel coilo of morals that exists in Australia; their relapses, their repentauco, their agonies would form a theino for the noblest pens, full ns it is of that mighty strain of tragedy which has had its best expression in the great works of the Grecian trngic poets who wrott- of the. various awful episodes in tho liouso of Atrows. I havo often myself thought of taking up this great sub ject, and endeavoring to analy/o tho workings of such a spirit, hut tho magnitude of tho task has made me hositato. Tho episode in tho lfo of this re murkniilo man which this 6kotch endeavors to pourtray, though it was tho turning point in his strange life, cannot do justice to tho subject, for its limits are necessarily too circumscribed. Archio M'Dougall camo out to Australia whon quite n lad, hut ho had hccomo thoroughly im bued witli tho puritanical religion of his paronts and tho land in which he was born. Opposed to this religion was iho man’B whole'naturo, which was essentially southern. He was excitable, easily led, and fond of ovory pleasure. Ho find inherited from his father a temperament and a predisposition that were found to !>o fatal to his pcaeo. His fattier had been what ho aftorwards turnod out, a wayward soul, at timos ultra Puri tanical, then relapsing into a stato of mortal sin ; too often a slave of whisky. As it was with his father so witli Archio; porlods of excess were followed by a rigid walk of lifo and abject repent anco. Ycnr by year his self-control grew less, and his only osoapo from tho terrors of sober reflection wbb tho whisky bottlo. There were times when, with a mighty effort he would cast off the tempter, and then* would follow months of a life ascetie to a ridiculous degree—the somiol to which was a wilrtor burst of excess than before, until at last the man grow to think that he was lost, that God had forsakon him, that ho had committed tho un pardonable) sin against tho Holy Ghost. A state of mind more torriblo than tills tho groatest tragic poot has never conceived. Tragic poots havo con fined themsclvos to tho mere passing sorrows of this earth, but what are thoso to tho horrors that are tho lot of a man to whom tho world to come is not a shadow hut a groater reality titan this trans itory existence. Archio had a vivid imagination, and it was supplemented by Ids excesses in liquor, until at last ho imagined ho saw tho fiend himself, and was actually on conversational terms with him. Ordinary peoplo, phlegmatic Englishmen and womon, disposed of Archio'B eccentricities, his habits of talking to himself and combating foes in visible to othor oyos, but moro real to him than flesh and blood, by sotting him down as 11 half cracked." Tills is tho way tho uniniaginativo work-a-day pooplo of tho world dispose of every thing and overyono they do not understand, and a very ready method, too. Archie had married shortly after his master's death. ^ His lovo, liko everything olso in connection with him, was wild and fervent. He courted a neighboring {armor's daughter, and whilo tho heat of his passion lasted he invested hor with a thousand attributes to whioh poor Flora Fenton had not tho slightest title. Sho was simply a auict kindly little woman, with fair ideas of her duty, and a good knowledge of tho work of a farmer's wifo, no moro. It did not tako much time to disonchsnt Archie. Six months after ho was married lie had discovered his wifo to bo quite commonplaco, and his old temptations recurred and woroasirriBistibleasever. So, in a momont of bitter repcntanco ho sold out his old selection near tho town and took up a now one, twenty miles away. Here ho would bo far from temptation, and bo ablo to roar his family according to his ideas. • It was a strange and lonely place, yot picturosquo in tho greatest degree. A great range of porphyry and granite rose abruptly from a silver stream fringed witli pines (called swamp oaks.) A littlo gully that took its riso near tho summit of tho rango botwcontho granite and the porphyry created a lovely valley embosomcfl in tho hills. It- was hero ho placed his homestead. Tho valley and tho frontago to tho stream ho selected, tho moun tains ho took up under pro-omptivo leaso. Ho had thus tho command of somo six or seven thousand acres, and was able to keep about two thousand sheep, which wore amply sufticient to support tho family. To a man of quiot tastes, of contonted mind, Oban Valo would havo boon a paradise—to Archio it became an Inforno. His noighbor, John Williams, a stolid Englishman, had settled in a similar valley on tho other sido of tho mountain, and holived thoro an idyllic life, rearing n family of happy children, improving his holding till it Itccamo a model homestead, and himself and his wifo becoming tho very pictures of health and comfort. John had no imagination and no vlolont passions; lie had that singular powor of soif government which is so happy a featuro of Eng lish character ; ho had no very strong perception of metaphysical Bin ; and so lie lived happy and contented, and died without dread of tho hereafter, moro from lack of feeling and perception than that liis life and walk had boon according to tho gospels. Indeed tho good man seldom read anything, not oven tho Biblo, and ho was more interested on his deathbed in giving instructions about tho management of the sheep and farm than the concerns of his soul. " I can’t see," said John Wilson on his deathbed, “ that I've done anything wrong. I’ve paid my way, dono my duty as far as I could, and if I havo'nt been exactly right always I am suro tho Good Shepherd will overlook it." This man wnB tho vory anthithesis of Archio, whoso mental perceptions wero of the keenest, and who lived to a great extent within himsoU. No man saw his courso clearer; no man was less able to follow that course. Archio lmd tlirco cliildron. ITib oldest, a son, partook somewhat of his own naturo, but ho in herited sufficient of his mother’s calm, practical Knglish mind to counterbalance it But there was onough of tho fathor in him to niako him resont tho tyranny of Archio whon in his puritanical moods, and his brutality when uudor thoinlluonco of tho evil spirit, alcohol. When Archio was doing wrong ho became frantic, and bccauso ho could not punish himself he was brutal and cruel to those lio loved best. He know ho was doing wrong, his heart often bled as he did it, and yet ho persevered, as if defying tfto power which ho so dreaded. At fourteen Willio ran away from homo, and with him tho light died out of Oban Vale. It broko his mother’s heart, for motherliko all her lovo was centred on her only son. From that day tho breach l>etween herself and her husband was too wide to be bridged. Slto loved Mm no longer; his presence was to her a distress; ami tho woman who had always beon so indulgont and good-tempered became fretful and impatient, and often bandied words, contemptuous on lior part, with her bus* band. Ho soon saw this, and it was another fillip to throw him into the arms of tho enemy. People who know them began to speak of Oban Valo with a shudder, and many predicted tho end would bo murder and auicido. Archie had two daughters, Annie and Katie. No two sisters could be more unlike. Annie hadmuch of hor father’s volatility and ehangeablcncss; she was light of mind and gay of manner; thoughtless to a serious extent, and very fond of pleasure, though she had few means to obtain it. Yet, under the circuiu stances, she could have grown up into a pleasant, light-hearted, companionable wo man. The gloom of her homo was fraught to her with woeful consequences. Mako home bright and cheerful, parents ; make it a refuge to which son and daughter will look ; and your grey hairs will go down to tho grave with honour, and without bitter sorrow. But of all the family Katie, the youngest, “Woo Katie," so bIio was called, was the most romarknblo. Years havo passed by since that strange little faco, in which shone a pair of deep, mysterious, pathetic, bluo eyes, was turned up to mine, but nevor can I forget its weird inllucnce, the touching pathos of the unfathomable oyes, that told of early care and sorrow. She was very small, a mere mite. I first met her on the Oban liango. I was looking for orchids, and other rare plants to be found among tho granite boulders of those desolate mountains, and had just spied a monstrosity in tho flower world, with livid . purple blossoms resembling the head of a serpent, when a fairy form stepped from 1 behind a root and pluoked the treasure When she saw me, she did not appear a bi afraid; but looked enquiringly at me wit! those great blue eyes of hers. This in itsel was unusual; for bush ohildren develop th instinct of all wild young animals, t hide when a stranger appears. I hav seen them seramblo from the fields int the hut, liko so many rabbits into a waren the moment I appeared in sight. But tin littlo woman wos quite fearless, and gave mi her hand, so small and thin and frail, with out a tremor. Sho sat with me oh a log, nm told me in an artless way, a strango minglin; of woman and child, about allhor favorite nooki in tho mountains, the cool caves undor tin granite whore the delicate ferns grew, thi southern slopes where the quandongs wore t< bo found, the Bpots where tho best nativi oherries abounded, and the little dells, which at the right season, wore scarlet witl tho wild raspborry. Sho rattled on and spoko in her way, learnedly of tho spring and sum mor flowers, and showed a keen fenowledgo o native fauna and flora. Nor did she forgoi to tell mo, tho dear little thing, that hoi mothor bad taught her to read, and that sin had read tho “ Pilgrim’s Progress" nnd 11 Robinson Crusoo," only,” sho added,11 da'i not allowed to see ‘Robinson Crusoe,’ foi ho’d burn it. You know,” sho gossipped on, "da's very kind sometimes, but at other times he’s awful—that's when ho says the Devil’s in him—and ho beats us all, and turns us out of tho house. We'vo had to sleep under a rook several times. It’s not bad in summer, but oh I in winter, when the cold winds blow up from the creek, and tho sleet and tho snow falls, or -the frost comes, it makes us all cry. Oh I I wish tho Devil was dead, tho ugly tiling.” Tho cloud soon pasBed from lior face, and she broko out into delightful praise of the happy days, that. occasionally ciime, when Archie was in a good humor, when tho sun shone, and tho birds sang, and the flowers bloomed. “ But here, I've been yabboring,” she said suddenly — tho vulgar phrase seemed so piquant from her littlo lips—" and I’vo for got all about Long Legs and Hoppy.” I wondered to whom sho referred, but I was not long to remain ignorant, for on her giving two or three whistles—how odd the accomplishment seemed in this spiritual crea ture—a tame wallaby popped from behind the rocks, and hopping up to Ratio, laid its pretty hood in her lap. Presently a ragged cockatoo waddled round another rock, hop ping occasionally, nnd keeping a ceaseless chatter of odd phrases, varied by a shriek and an elevation of tho crest, when alarmed. In a few minutes cocky was perohed on Ratio’s shouldor, talking to her in a oooing manner, nnd now and then letting out a “ scrawk ’’ and raising its crest when I made a move ment, while Long Legs,-os the wallaby was “A SMALL COLD IIAND WAS LAID ON IU5 AND A STRANGE MUSIC WAS HEARD.” called, browsed peacefully in front of ns. "You know,” chatted the little fairy, now evidently serenely happy, “its so nice when father's right and the Devil’s away. Have you ever seen the Devil?” I told her I had not, nor desired to. "I wish I could," said the girl; “I'd tell him how happy wo’d be if he’d keep away. Would'nt he be happier himself? But it’s said in Itevolations the archangel is to bind him for a thousand years—I wish that time was come. Wo'gp all bo miserable when he comes. Long legs can run away but Hoppy and I can’t. Poor Iloppy, the last time da was bad he throw her in the fire.” "Fire, fire, murderl" shrieked the cooka too, with a final “scrawk" of terror. "But I forgot to tell you," resumed Katie, “that we’ve never been real happy sinco brother Willie runned away. He couldn’t stand father, Only I, knew, he was going. But I’ll soon set him, sir. He promised to come for me as soon as ho’ll havo mado a lot of money, and then ho’ll take mo to Sydney where I’ll live like a lady, and bo happy always. The Devil docs not live there; ho only stops up lien in the buBli, in the wild places.” Poor child I The Devil lives in tholargooities only people are too familiar and friendly with him thorc to take notico. "But Willie won't forget me,” resumed Katie. " lie promised to send me a music box with the first money ho earns, one like what Bessio Williams has—you’ve just te wind it up and it’ll play and play so nice I’ll bring it up hero and Bit in my cave ant Long Legs and Hoppy and I will dance anc Bing to it; and Oh 1 wo will bo happy." Ever sinco that meeting I was deeply in tcrestod in this sweetest of' all children Archie loved her passionately, but, when the evil spirit was upon him, it was the child hi loved that suffered most. Strange anomaly yet, every man of experience must confess it truth. Poor child, the dark days of her lif were closing round her. Archio’s mind wa really being unhinged from drinking so much and brooding upon imaginary wrongs. Hi blamed everyone but himself, though ii truth, ho vainly attempted to conceal it, i was his rage with himself that exasperate! him. Poor. Katio’s musio box proved to b the causo of terrible ovonts. It arrived whoi Archio was in town, and groat was tho do light of the littlo family, who wero alway happy when ho was away—this ho knew, an it roused him to madness. It was a lovol; summer night, tho moon was at tho full, an flooded tho beautiful valley with silver ligli and pleasant shadow; tho wind sang throug tho swamp oaks that fringed tho polluoi stream, a strain, sad, yet sweet. Tho littl family wero gathered in tho vorandah, look ing out into the gardon, which was the prid of poor Flora, and listening to the bwgc tinkle of tho fairy musio, ovor which Anni went into raptures, while Katie said nothin; but thought, and thought-oh, suoh delight fully sad thoughts. To Flora, that music re called the short summer of her youth, the moonlight ovenings when Archio and herself had wandered over the old farm. All was gone now 1 Long Legs jumped about, at a loss to understand what it was all about. Hoppy was silent, but, wido awake. Whether ho was studying the tunes so as to reproduce them, or, was attempting to solve the problem of what was inside the box, has never been determined. Poor bird; lie never saw another sunrise. The peaceful scene was disturbed by a loud discordant lnugh.and the little party be came dumb when they saw the husband and father in the midst. Ho hnd relnpsed j the Demon had him in his clutches. There was an insane light in his oyos that terrified his wife and children. Long legs know the sound and leaped over the fence, preferring the risk of being killed by dingoes to remaining there. Hoppy gave a shriek and tumbled from Katie's shoulder on to the floor, to scuttle off to a place of safity. The demoniac saw this, ho noticed the horror and alarm on overyT^ce. thorepulsion on the faces of Annie and his wjfe, and the passions ot hell were let loose in his heart. With a bound ho sprang forward, and' ec'/'injr tho poor bird wrung its neck and threV’/-'into tho garden. A feeble kick or lwy.no more. 11 You're all hrfj^y Voared the man, “ when I’m away. You hate me. And I hate you. I’ll make you happy." It is not pleasant to describe scenes of injustice or violence, the deeds of n madman, of an unhappy being in the terrible Btate in whioh Archie M'Dougall was. Annie, who was very cowardly, lied at tho first alarm, and remained all night in a cave on tho mountain. But the 11 little woman " did not. Though her heart was wrung when hor pot was killed • she uttered not a sound for fear of aggravating him to do what be would, Bho know, bo ter ribly repent. Her mother was not so wise. The poor woman’s life was so wretched, all the light had now died out of it, that she wns perfectly reckless. She opened out upon her husband, and told him what, unhappily, he knew too well. Hor words, echoes of tho accusing spirit within himself, stung him to a stage of madness ho had never reached. With a furious blow of iiis foot he sent the music box purchased with Willie’s first savings as a present to his dearly-boloved sister into tho garden; but it kept on playing, emblem of patient virtuo that returns good for evil. It was playing a tuno that was torture to the ears of this apostate, “ Bing the bells of Heaven." That was one of Katie’s favorite hymns, and Willie had purchased tho box because it performed that air. The maddened man seized an axe, and was about to split tho box into pieces, when Flora seised his arm. ■The moonlight faded into the steel gray of dawn, which in its turn yielded to the flood of gold of the Bunrise. The golden light shone into Archie's house that morning upon a scene terribly different to that his declining rays had lighted. Then they irradiated the happy fnces of a little group intently listen ing to the musical box, every face full of quiet happiness, the scene peacefully sylvan. Now the sun lit up the little sitting room a d a dying woman, beside whom knelt a child young in years but old in sorrow. In another room the sunbeams fell upon a man in tho lethargic steep of extreme drunkenness —a more lump of animated clay—without sense or feeling. In the garden tho light fell upon the corpse of the little bird, the music box close beside it. Ah me I how many such a scene the sun has shone upon in this our young country, where everyone should bo bo happy. Annie returned later in tho dny, and Hie two girls tenderly nursed the dying mother. Annili wns for saddling the horse and going at once to the town for help, but Flora M'Dougnll would not hear of it. She know she was dying, and that if a doctor camo Archio would be in danger of the law ; and so with that strange perversity of woman that is so heroic and yet so incomprehen sible, she resolved to die in silence to secure his safety. She would not have her children carry a dreadful stain with them into life. What her thoughts were as she lay in that bare room, dying, no one can tell; they were bitter enough assuredly. In tile afternoon a wild haggard face, looked in for a moment, and tho girls shuddered. Then it vanished and Archie lied to the darkest glens of the mountains, there to expiate liis sin with agonies that no pen can describe, to plead hopelessly with a God, whoso face was veiled from him—as he thought for ever and ever—and to combat a Fiend, present with him, as he thought, in all the terrors of his ghostly form. Archie returned next day, a wan, wasted, ghastly figure, that would have almost an swered his own ideas of the Evil Spirit which tormented him. He looked through the window to the room. There was the corpse of his wife, lying on the sofa, stiff and stark, but with a strangely placid face, a face the expression of which was relief and resignation. Annie was sobbing in a corner. Katie had drawn a little table near the corpse and upon this she had placed the musical box, which was now playing. The little girl was on her knees singing; he could see the tears glisten ing in her eyes, and she .Bang with a voice broken with sobs. And this is what she Home at last on heavenly mountains, Heard tho " Como and enter in -, " Saved by lifo's fair flowing fountains, Saved from earthly taint ami sin. Home sweot home, our homo for ever, Weary pilgrimages past, Welcomed homo to wander never, Saved through Jesus—Homo at last 1 Annie tried to follow her sister ; but when the chorus came her voice failed. On the contrary Katie’s voice became stronger, and there was a tone of hope and trust in it, as she sang Homo Bweet homo, our homo for over, Weary pilgrimages past, Welcome homo to wander never, Saved through Jesus—“ Home at last 1" The clear bird like voice of the child was raised as in a cry of triumph whon she sang the last three words. Hell surely could liavo no torment equal to what the man felt ns he heard and saw alt this. He had heard his children sing that hymn in happier hours; he could not stand it any longer. He rushed into the room wildly and, seizing a case of razors from the mantle, took out one and stood over the. dead body. "See what you havo done, ha,ha,” he said, addressing that Familinr who was ever present to his eyes. "Oh you’ve come, have you? Hal Hal You’ve come to see your work, have you, Well, it will bo tho last time. She has gone wliero you nor I can ever come. I will go with you. I have done enough. Your hell cannot bo worse than this.” And with a frantic movement ho grasped tho razor. Another moment and he would have drawn it ncross his throat, but that a small cold hand was laid on his and a strange music was heard—The air hnd changed. “Father,” said wee Katie, "father,’ stop, 1 stop; hear what tho little box says:— its a ' voice from heaven I ” ' He listened, his face changed, the razor fell 1 from his hands, tho Demon vanished, and the ! man sank upon tho ground, sobbing pitifully. 1 And what did the box play? ' And wee Katie, standing between her father 1 and tho dead body of her mother,‘followed the [ notes with her clear bird-voice, which har ' monised so well with the harp like music of the instrument and sang the hymn the erring 1 man had himself, when the good spirit had 1 possession, taught hor:— j King the bolls of Iloavon 1 , There is joy to-day, 1 For n soul returning from the wild ; ’ Soo 1 tho Fnthcr moots him out upon the way, * Welcoming bis woary wandering child. 1 Glory 1 glory ! bow the angels sing I 1 Glory 1 glory I bow tho loud harps ring I 1 T’is tho ransomed army like a mighty Bea, a Pealing forth tho anthem of tho five 1 In that hour perhaps the wretched man o had a glimpse, transitory it is true, of the t brighter aide of religion, of that portion s whioh has nothing to do with the stern ;, faith of the North, born of the region of the dismal pine and tho everlasting snow. But he had yet to go through the Are, there was to be another sacrifice beforo tho eun rose upon his soul, before Balder the Beautiful banished the infornal Deities of tho North. Flora was buried in a little nook betweon two granite boulders on a small hill that looked down upon tho homestead. Archio, now deeply penitent, suffering as fow men suffer, fenced in tho plot of ground; it was the cemetery of his family. In hissparo time ho worked upon a (lag of granite, whioh was to act as headstone. Wee Ratio was over at her mother’s grave. She dug up the ground herself—it was loose as granite soils always arc—and planted every llower that grew in tlie little garden. 1 Common flowers enough they were, but consecrated by tho lovo and dovotion of the dearest of daughters. With her own hands she dug up a young cherry tree, loveliest of tho Australian pino-foliaged trees, and transplanted it, plocing it at tho foot of her mother’s grave. And strange to say—for the cherry tree seldom Btrikes when removed—the plant grew, and is now a handoomopine-Bhaped tree, in whoso loaves the red berries gleam in the season, and tho little birds chirp. It waves over not only Flora, —but—of that hereafter. And under her hands that spot become a bower of beauty, blooming with (lowers at all times, and, what was greater, consecrated by the behest of love. It was some time after this sad ocourencc that I paid another visit to Oban .Range. At the same place where I had seen wee Katie previously, I came across her. She was sit ting on a moBBgrown rook, looking at a small silver rill of water that came out of a fern covered gully, and fell over a gray granite lodge. Orchids and ferns beautified the moss carpeted bank. By her side was the musical box, tinkling out its melodies, to which now and then the girl sang. At my approach Hoppy, who had returned home a few days after the tragedy, ran to its mistress’ side. She looked up to me os fearlessly and frankly as ever, and now entered into a chat. ’’ l’oor mother was always weak," she said, a deep shadow coming upon her face, and she died a little while back. Oh, sir, she's got such a pretty grave, and the little cherry tree I planted is growing so well. They say cherry trees won’t transplant, but mother was so good it couldn't but grow, and Willie did not for get me, sir,—this is what ho promised.” “ Are you happy now ?" I asked; “ is your father good?” She did not reply for a minute or two. I saw tiie shadow deeper on her faco. "Wo are a little happy," she replied at last with a sigh. “Father is very strict. He prays day and night, and hardly eates any thing. He is afraid of God. I am not afraid of God. Do you think it is right to be ?” "If wo do wrong,” I replied; but if we ropent we are taught Ho will forgive, and then we should bo happy." " But he nevor is,” said wee Katie, “ And, oh, sir, ho has repented, but he seems to see no pardon or help. I can’t make it out. I can see nothing in the world but light and love, except when Satan is about. It’s him that brings the rain, and the clouds, and tho cold winds, and the frost and tho snow. Oh, I wish thero was no Satan. Why was he created? " Wiser men than I have been unable to answer that question. But I explained to Katie that tho phenomena she pointed out as the wrong of the Power of Evil proceeded from a beneficent God and were necessary to the maintenance of tho beauty of the world. Her face brightened " I believe you,” she said, " and now I think if clouds, and rain, and thunder, and snow, and frost, are needed to make tho world beautilful, perhaps sorrow and pain, and and oven sin, are needed to moke us good. Oh, God is wise, and wo musn't repine. Only, I.wish Ho could see another way.” Oil, how many a human heart has echoed that wish since the world began, since men became as gods, and knew good and evil 1 There was a singular depth of thought in this girl that surprised mo. Continually by herself, without playmates of her own age, called upon to assume responsibilities before her time, she was a strange contrast to other children. Wlmt was most striking was tho great depth of her religious feelings, and their peculiar characteristics. Her father bow nothing in religion except fear and trembling, and tlueatenings of the judgment to come. She perceived nothing but a God, who was her Father—better than her earthly parent indeed—and a Saviour who was a loving Eider Brother, and who had died for her to prove his love. Sin and its shadows she knew not. I know there are those who will scoff at tho religion of one so young; who will say that it would vanish when she grew up, and had to fight the hard and cruel world. Perhaps so 1 But that does not alter the deep love and respect I entertained for the artless child. God in his wisdom ordained 90 fair a flower was not to be gathered by rough human hands. She could no more be trans planted into tho garden of this world than can tho small white flowers, that grow on Alpine heights, be reared in the trim pastures of the lowlands, where the moist, hot, corrupt air strangles them. I left her, singing to tho air “ Ring the bells of Heaven,” of whioh she seemed very fond, perhaps because it had arrested her father's suicidal hand, and she augured from its words that one day God would be reconciled with him, and he would join the ransomed. I never Baw her again, and tho pioture I looked upon beforo I turned round the rook that hid her from my view, will never leave my memory until I am dust and ashes. The beautiful child fitting on the gray lichen covered rock, the flower starred moss carpet on which her feet rested, the tiny silver waterfall, supplying a light bass to tne treble of the girl and the instrument, the blue sky overhead, flecked with fleecy clouds, the kangaroo with its gentle eyes looking up into its mistress's face, the hoary granite rock— all combined to form a picture such as could only have been witnessed in Australia, and then but rarely indeed. Not long after this the clouds gathered round Oban, never to be lifted in this world. For months after his wifo's death Arohie lived tho life of a recluse, practising every mode of self-punishment. The sternest ascetic would have envied him. Ho worked hard, ho prayed for forgiveness day and night, he inflicted upon himself every penance he could think. After all there is little differ ence between the churches. The grim and austere Puritan is closely relate I to the flagellant and the penitent of the Church of Rome. But do what ho could the cloud never lifted; Heaven never opened to his eyes; it was all darkness. The fact is the man outraged his own naturo ; lie went about his work the wrong way. The result was that a terrible despair took possession of him —that despair Bunyan has so graphically dcsoribed in his narrative of the Man in the Iron Cage—and the gloom of his mind deepened until tho day could not be distant when ho would take his own life, or once more resort to tho treacherous fiend that buoys us up for a moment to cast us lower tho next—the bottle. In Arcliio's case intoxi cating liquor was not taken because lie loved it, but that it became a necessity—anything, anything to get rid of the hideous despair nature and his ideas of religion and life had created. The cause—another offspring of his mis guided efforts at religion—was not long want ing, Archie and his daughter Annie had never been able, as the colonial phrase goes, to “ hit it." Their natures were too much unlike for that. She was just what he him self had been at her age. He would have no laughter, no musie, no company. With him it must always bo groaning and prayers and sad lookB. Now Annie wanted exactly the reverse. Therefore, to escape the intolerable gloom of her home, sho proposed when tho old man who shepherded for them loft, to look after tho sheop herself, and Archie agreed. Now John Wilson’s oldest aop shepherded his father's flock, and of courde the two mot, and a now world opened for the flighty hair brained girl. Love was born into her world, and in all the thrilling fever of its delights she forgot the shadows of her home, where indeed she was only at night, and to eBoapt its gloom Bhe always retired early, on the plea of being tired. The romance of that Jove belongs not to this story. It's end may well bo imagined. What must happen when a 007 and girl at the moat impressionable period of their lives are in company day after day without a soul to guide or warn them ? There could be but one result, and it catno. Flora had died in August, when spring was fluttering its feeble wings, and the wattles made tho hillsides golden with its glory. Tho year wore on and Christmas oame round. Shearing hnd taken place, and for a week three rough men had stopped at Oban Vale to help Archio to clip the sheop. They had flirted in their way with Annio, wondered at tho old housewife, Weo Katie, and her strange father. One of them, when spreeing at tho Shearer’s Arms down tho river, said, “ That Annio M'Dotigall'a a pretty girl and up to lots.of fun, but no one can make out iittlo Katie. When she wasn't at housework she’d take that musical box of hers up to her mother’s grave and sing to it, just ns if the dead woman could hear. As for Archie M’Dougall, thcro’s no doubt he’s cracked. But it all comes of religion ; thank goodness. I never waH that way myself.” Shearing over, the old life wont on. Annie shepherded the floelt, Archie worked liko a demon, trying to got rid of tho despair that was killing him, but talking as over to the Unseen Companion that seemed to be continually urging him to do something terrible; and Katie did the housework. And a notable little housewife • she wns, though she had little to work upon. Archio was as parsimonious in his fits of re ligion as he was prodigal when the Companion claimed him. This made his religion as dis tasteful to Annio as his gloom.” Well, Christmas came. The previous one had not been very bright; hut then tho mother had been with them, and tho fathor had been in the good-natured stage, which culminated at New Year in the appearance of the Com panion. But this Christmas Katie thought she would try to brighten up the place, and Bee if she could not wean her father to look upon the world as she did, to think of God as she thought—what better season ? So she cleaned the little house until everything shone again, and she brought down from the granite gorges on Christmas eve afternoon, ■ the most green and graceful of the furiiH, the prettiest flowers. She went up to the ranges and obtained a branch of the cherry tree through whoso orange green foliage tho dark, red berries showed temptingly, and these she hung up in the corners, and at the door. In deed it was so pretty a place when sho had finished, thnt one could hardly recognise it. She spread the table daintily, and had quite a lot of delicacies, among which was a quan dong pie, a luxury that no epicure will despise. And so she waited for her sister and father. Annie was shepherding, nnd Archie hnd gone to the neighboring township to buy some things. The little girl-was not without sinkings of tho heart as she sat in the verandah waiting. Her fathor had seemed unusually stern when ho went away that morning, and she had noticed that for weeks Annie had been despondent. Willie, too, had never written as lie promised. And Katie herself had, since the winter, been weak and ailing. But tile brave little girl never lost heart. She believed firmly in her elder' brother, and that all would be well yet. Annie was the first to come homo. Katie helped her to yard tho flock, but could get no words from her sister, who was still moping and despondent. The two girls sat on the verandah, Annie with her face in her hands, and swaying to and fro. Tho sun set behind the range in all the glory of the primary colors and their combinations, from gold to crimson, from crimson to. purple, and thou to all tho shades of blue that ended in the cold gray of twilight, relieved only by what Katie called tho lamps of Heaven, the silvery stars. What a typo a sunset is of our career of the various episodes of human life I Firs! comes the gold of promise, of hope, then tin red and purple of fulfilment, dying, even dying, into the cold grays, lifeless, and color less. Surely in the Land to which we hasten, the gold, and the crimson, and the purple, never fade l But, if the sun had vanished, lcavingbehin.l him only the drabs and the grays, roon there appeared a greater and sweeter glow in llic ". east, and the moon, the eternal Queen ol Night, glided over tho Pinnacle mountain, and filled tho world with light aud shadow. Year by year she rises the same, but she has never lost her ehnrms, for poets have sung as fervidly about her in this century as did Sappho in Lesbos. To Katie, the moon’s rising was an over living delight. It was to her like the gentle life following the career of glare and greatness in the world of whieli si e had read, but knew nothing. The Lund of Beulah surely was lit by therayB of themoon. So when the gracious luminary appeared, shaming the “ dip" that sputtered in the “ parlor." Katie brought out her little musio box, and set it playing in the hope it would arouse Annie. It did. The wretched girl burst into a flood of bitter tears. Her dream was over; she had tasted the sweets, and wus now to gnaw the bitter I The gallop of a horse sounded in their ears. Their hearts sank ; they knew well there fatiier had gone wrong. When sober he never galloped, Annie clasped Katie hysterically. “ Save me, Katie,” she cried; “ he will kill mo. Save me, little sister 1 Save me I ” And she olung to Katie as if tho poor frail thing had power over that dark masterful man. Strangeit was that everyone believed in Archie dismounted, and flung the reins upon his horse. But he did not at once coma in. Ho took off the saddlebags, the chink of which told the girls their worst enemy ha 1 Katie caught a glimpse of her dread father's face in the moonlight. “ Fly, Annio, fly,” she whispered ; Go to the old .cave. I’ll run up and see you to Annie, like all weak natures, always trusted to a stronger. With a bound she was out of the garden, while Archie was taking the saddle off, and flying for dear life up to the range. Not an instant to soon The next' moment Archie's heavy tread was on the verandah. " Whero is that wro ch ? ” fie asked the trembling Katie. “ Annie," replied Katie, came home, but she ran away when she saw you coming. She seemed in great trouble.” “ She has saved me a crime” said Archie, speaking not to Katie, but to that Companion who seemed to be ever near iiiin. 11 You are disappointed this time, oil ? Ha I ha I But_ don’t lear, it’ll come, it’ll come. I know you only want the soul, and it'll soon be done. Hal ha I ’’ And with a laugh that froze Katie’s blood, he took the saddle bags inside and threw them on the table, disarranging its neat dis play, and breaking some of tho scanty crockery. Then lie took out a black bottle, and, sitting down, began a solitary carouse. The liitle girl sat in tho deep Bhadow in the verandah. She had moved out of the light, for sho had no more right there. Kneeling in the corner she poured out prayer after prayer to the Father and Brother to come to that miserable homo in her dire need. The musi cal box had run down, nnd there was no sound except the chuckling and laughter and mad talk talk of Archie, the clinking of his glass, tho hoot of the mopoke, the wail of the our lew, and tho distant yelp of tho dingo. So began that dismal night, the forerunner ol many more. The girl at last stole out into the moonlight and walked to her mother’s grave, where she sobbed and wept herself to sleep. Bui Archie took no notice. Ho con versed with thnt nwful Companion, who wns to him more real than the beings of this world. Such was wee Kntio’s Christmas Evo I Tho history of the few next days may bo passed over, for tho reader will not earo to hear the details; they are best left un told. Wo must pass on to the final catas trophe, not, however, without some explan ation of the causes that led up to these events. Archie had gone to the little township down tho river, and there had met John Wilson. We have given our idea of this man’s char acter before. He was not a bad man, but essentially selfish. Archie and he had hardly met, Anion no munlty tola lum ttio truth in rc fiard to hia eldest son Stovo and Annio. Stovo lmd confessed to his fattier, and on tho latter refusing to sanction a marriago of two such people, ho had run away—John knew not whore, nor, Baid ho, did ho caro. Tho faot is John wanted his son to marry tho daughter of a neighbouring settler who was well in. Archie’s rago was terrible. Never had a stigma rested upon his family until now. It seemed his Companion had pre pared this in order to nervo himto tho terrible deed that ho daily Suggested. And ho wont homo to do thnt deed. I approach now scenes of an extraordinary and supernatural character, narrated ns they were told mo by the chief, and I must pre mise I offer no explanation. Whether, as tho materialists will hold, Archie's visions were tho offspring of a naturally. morbid mind, tho morbidity of which was intensified by tho delirium that tollows oxcoss, or they were really visitations from the Dread and Unseen Land, I cannot say. lint to Archie they were real. Christmas Day .opened with a fearful con flict of tho elements. Clouds black ns Erebus shut out tho sun, lightnings lit up tho gloomy panorama, and torritie thunders reverberated from peak to peak, and tho rain- camc down ill a deluge. Aieliie awoke to laugh and ges ticulate and drink. Katie, ill and feverish, was to look alter tho house, and to make pre parations to go out with the sheep. Slio had gone up to llie cave during tho njgbt nnd loll provisions with Annie, who talked of walking to a distant place, to whioli slio thought Stove, her still door Steve, had gone. Six days passed: six days of storm nnd rain, during --which poor Kiltie herded the Hook and tended her lather. What- the brave little soul suffered during that I will not _! distress the •reader by relating. Annio had gone oft'to tho town; and nhijkwns left nfone -in tliS' awfui-'solitude with'- tier half’nmd fnther/v Jlut/ throughout that, fiery trial thc-ro stood by her One who never fails ttioso who trust in Him. Hut on New Year’s Eve slio came home, how slio knew not, tottering, worn out, and lay down on her couch, never to rise again. Not a drop was wanting to till the cup of her sorrows. Her father had been working at tho musical box,-’ nnd it would not give forth a note. And as she lay on her couch, faint and dazed, she saw that lie looked at her in n manner thnt was more like that of a fiend than a man. Dpt nature was exhausted, and slio sank into a heavy sleep, the precursor of that to which there is no waking. Archie sat and drank, and became more insane every hour. He knew tho terrible hour was approaching, when all would bo over, and lie gloated over it. The rain had cleared away, and as the even ing wore on tiie moon rose, and her light streamed into the room, touching lovingly the fevered face of the little girl, almost too beautiful for earth. The man’s cnndlo had gone out. lie looked at liis daughter nnd shook his liend. Opposite to him sat tho Companion. He could not tell what ho was like; his face changed so often. Sometimes it appeared that oi a youth, but on whoso fair face was every mark of sin and crime. Agniu it was a dark and grim countenance, that of a man in the prime of bis evil days. Dut occasionally it was tho face of dentil, a grimy skull, from the eycsockels of which came a livid blue flame, that made the light tarn pale, lint in all phases it wus horrible; too horrible for even the imagination ot a Blake or a Doi’6. Not- unfrcrjuently it ns sumod a likeness to Unit of some of Archie’s companions in sin—dead now nnd damned ; and lien it was more terrible than ever. These Archie would address, nnd ho would receive replies, heard by none but himself, but none the less real. The Companion pointed to the bedroom and Archie obeyed. For a time he could not bicep. To his sur prise, the Companion vanished and nas not to bo seen. This dreadfully alarmed him ; the perspiration broke out upon him in streams. The silence and darkness, und loneliness was terrible. At last ho fell into a troubled slumber, such ns alone visit men in his state. It did not last long. He woke feeling an unutterable horror, woke to see a foim at-his -bedside such as we should pray never to see. ■ Tho form of one from the grave, loathsome beyond words, clothed ill a shroud' of purple flame, all tho passions of the realm of pain graven upon its dread features. Then the man knew his hour was come; that at Inst lie was to receive his reward nnd to bo num bered with those who aro lost for ever ! “ Come,” said the Bonn in a voice that Beemcd to come millions of miles—deep, sepulchral, unearthly. A cold baud was laid upon Ilia—a hand the touch of which sent through his frame the tortures of the region whence this iigure came. To this day tiie man allows (hat hand, now pnrlially paralysed with a livid weal upon its Tiie Iigure ied him to tho room wlicro wee Knto iny struggling with the disease that was so soon to claim one ot tho fairest flowers of eartli—a fate hastened by exposure and anguish of the past few days. The moon beams had crept and now illuminated the sweet little face, now as pale as the snow flower, now Unshed and pink. Tho little breast heaved rapidly, the breatli came and went in flickers. On a little table by the eoueli was placed her musical box; dumb when its owner wished so much to hear its tiny but beloved voice. But there were’more than tiie three in that room. The awestruck man now face to face with the door thnt his Companion had pre ferred, saw the pluoo was full of companies. The dead were there crowding each other, mocking, moving, grinning, crowding arpund the little sleeper, l’orms were there which belonged not to this earth iioi—to the land ot ghosts ; lie-nils from' tho depths of perdition come to see the iinal pet in the tragedy that was to give them a brother. It seemed to him the figure guided his hands to the box containing the razor, opened it, nnd placed the implement in his hands. Its steel blade glittered with a horrible blue in the moonlight. Then the iigure spoke to him in that voice from the grave, and told him how good it was, how well ..designed. He would terminate in one moment his life, and that of the child lie loved so dearly. The world would hoar of the d-ed, and his revenge be complete. To their dying day it would be a reproach to Annie nnd tho Wilsons. And when tiie dedd was over, all would be peace, peace for evermore, the peace and silence of the grave ! ■*"- Huv/ the ghosts and their dread comrades laughed. And yet lie approached the couch. Hoetoopcd down and looked at the thin.wasted form of tho child lie loved so well; he examined tho fair young nook. And then— "Father, father,” Baid woo Katie, raising herself up and throwing her arms around his neck. “All i3 well now. I have no fear, 1 know you will yet he happy. The angels have been with me to-night, and mother, dear mother, lias been here. And they sang to me, oh, so sweetly, better than my poor box, my poor dumb box. Father, promise mo when I am gone to trust in the dear God who has been so good to me, who love3 you so much, and who died for you. Oh, father, he is not the awful God you think. He is all love and forgiveness. Believe in Him, father, believe in Him, as I do 1" What sound was this? The razor dropping on the floor, the man’s knees as he knelt down by tho couch. What change was this coming ? Were his oyes deceiving him ? The horrible shadows of tiie night vanished, and in their place appeared some hnautiful and gracious forms, clad in robes of light. Every moon beam had its bright vision, beaming with heavenly Jove upon the wretched sinner. “Katie,Katie,”he cried; “Thereisachange. Tho stone neems to have fallen out of my heart, tho shadow is lifted off my soul. And yet but a few moments since”—hero he shuddered—“ I was in hell, in the midst of tho spirits ot the devil and damned." “ God has heard me, father, that is all,” said the child in reply. Ho moved to get nearer to the couch. As lie did so his foot struck against tho table, it swayed,, and the little box fell on to the ground. Wlint was tho cause I know not; but ho fair must have started tho machinery, for it At once commenced to play, its clear, silvery notes ringing through the chamber. 14 There it fa father,” tho child cried in ecstaoy, “ tho voice from Heaven. Don’t you hear it father?” Ring tho hells of Heaven, thero is joy to-day; For a soul returning from tho wild ! Sco tho Father meets him out upon tho way, "Welcoming his weary, wandering child 1 Glory 1 Glory ! how tho angels sing, t Glory ! Glory! how tho loud harps ring? 'Tis tho ransomed nrray like a mighty sen, Dealing; forth tho anthem of tho Frco! Ycsl Ring the Bells of Heaven I for the long dark ness is ovor, the father has returned to life nud light, the daughter fa about to enter where is neither sorrow nor pain nor wear* ness nor tears, lling tho Bells of Heaven 1 Ring out the peal of the spirits born ngain, in this world nud in that which is to come. People came in and stood around tho bed but the father Aoticcd them not; tho repent ant Annie, whose lovor had mot her, tho dear boy Willie, who had returned, with them to see his littlo sister. For a time sho rallied, clasping tho hands of her denr brother, her restored father. But when his gift caino to that air which it had played tho night her mother died, the Messenger appeared, the wings of tho Angels nos tied in the room. . . - “She is here,” said wee Katie, looking up-’ wards, at a moonbeam that lovingly rested upon tho musical box. “I hoar her, I hear her. Ahl there it is”— Home, sweet homo, our homo forever, Weary pilgrimages past, ' Welcomed homo to wander never, Saved through .lestis—Homo at lust. 