THAT OTHER DEVON. (ByS. E. Gxrnett, Fkankford, Devon.) Our home— what a sweet name ! Our -home ! Far removed from the busy haunts of men, deep down in one of the South Devon valleys, with Old Dartmoor grimly overlooking us. In the spring and summertime all smiles and tears — more often the latter, but when the fleecy clouds dotted the sVy and the bright sun shine played on the healthy stretches, with the intervening cultivated country all alive WIMl me meaning ui wuii» auu the noisy rooks circling round in mere idle play, the hedge banks broad splaslios of yellow color with the sweet primroses, and the perfume of mother earth's sweet incense arisiiu; from millions of flowers, where could such a scene be found, save in the wilds of South Devon ? Our home was an old-fashioned house, large, rambling, with long passages full of queer nooks and corners, trellised and covered with roses, honeysuckle, and luxuriant ivy, a quaint gilt sun-dial built into the wall above one of the windows ; and lastly, it was haunted, and by a use ful ghost. He could be heard almost any night nailing up the roses, but as it was a very harmless pastime for a ghost, I never interfered. Over the gateway, and close to our bedroom, were two large ivy-covered larches, the home of I don't know how many birds. An owl often mado it his music-stand, but hi? favorite place was amongst the dark Scotch firs at the top of the lawn, where he used to hoot, night ] after night, his friends away over in the '? big woods up the River Erne answ.r ing like echoes. My wife did not like it, having been told the ' house was haunted. She was quite alarmed at first, not knowing what it was ' that made such a disniil noise every night in the wild March weather, and supposed the ghost had something to do with it ; but even when enlightened she . did not like it one Tu Whit the better. Our ghost, when in the flesh, always made his gardener get up and frighten the 1 rutss away, as he coald not sleep with such a horrid low. Curious how we 1 difii t in our likes and dislikes ; I'm very fond of owls, and like to hear them hoot ing. Many years ago I was at Furness Abbey on a nesting expedition, and about midnight I left the hutel to smoke my pips in the ruins. :Twas dark, pitch dark, aud t had to feel my way along the path. At last, reaching a sm ill doorway neir the refectory, I took my fill of ghostly Bounds, or what might be supposed were such. . Hush, hush ! whist ! snore ! hush! snore! whist! Really I got quite ner vous at last, and beat a retreat to grog and gaslight. T^as altogether too much, such awful whisperings, enortings, and all sorts of curious sounds ; but, never theless, I like to hear an owl. Tivo pairs of wood-pigeons rested amongst the ivy ; scores of starlings and sparrows twittered and whistled, and brought up large families in the shady recesses, and in the holes and corners under our wide- spreading eaves. The trees were so tall and covered with such a dense, mass of ivy, I was afraid the gales which made them sway heavily, would fetch them down some night on our heads, so I had about 20ft or more cut off the tops of each tree, leaving a grand old ivy bush on each side the gateway, and. in no way disturbing my feathered friends; only the starlings had to resort to some higher trees' on which to salute the rising sun, as was their habit — whistling, rattling their bills like a pair of castanets, preening their feathers, and rejoicing greatly at Ms appearance. A pair of carrion crows built in one of the Scotch firs, also a pair of magpies, and two or three pairs of wood-pigeons. In the ivy close to the dining-room win dow we had the dome-shaped nest of a wren, but he was an eccentric little fellow, , for he built two more in the ivy not far away : at least, I thought it was the same' bird. In a large fuchsia close to the' window, a blackbird reared its youngsters. Fljcatchers^had their uosts in. the trained iFrmtlrees^~where they were busy all day long. One.; of tiem had its nest in a ruinous twist of ivy on one cf the Scotch firs, whilst blackbirds and thrushes took possession of most of the bushes, the for mer being far too numerous — at least our neighbors who possessed large orchards for cider-making used to say so— they did so much damage amongst the applss. Friend robin- had his nest in the hedge row, most picturesque home of the lot ; for over his entrance door drooped the hart's tongue and polyssody, whilst the primroses, white and purple violets, shed their incense all around his home. Pretty little chap ! he was not at all alarmed when we went to look at him, only giving, a gentle peck at jour hand. Tii £he Spring the lawns were covered with a succession of flowers, the first to make their appearance being the snow drops, then crocuses, daffodils, primroses, violets, etc., rhododendrons flaming put here and there a mass of color ; beautiful pines, arbutus-, myrtle, hydrangeas of different colors, fuschias, etc. ; laurus tinus such a wealth of bloom ! and the pride of our lawn, a pyramidal purple beech, the very largest I ever saw. In the greatest heat of summer 'twas a cool ing darkened shade nnier its weeping, branches, which swept the 'groaha for yards around. Why.^d I leave this earthly paradise ? IJnforfimately for me, . failing health and the mild relaxing air did not permit of my staying. I tried to ' persuade myself- that the wild winds sweeping over Dartmoor' wars bracing enough, and that I felt stronger, but it would not do, and we had to leave our dear home in the west with many re grets. Our home was little more than a mile from the sea, the nearest point being the pretty bay where the Ri*er Erme de bouched on the sea, entering what is called Bigbury Bay, the great fish'ng gronnd for the herring fleet, lying be tween Bolt Tail and Stoke Point. I could not do much sea fishing, only get ting a few pollack occasionally. Our principal fishing was on the sandbanks — myriads of the delicious little sand eels making up river, the water sometimes fairly alive with them ; and on the sands it was great fun with a fork or spade, one digging and throwing them out, the other catching the silvery little chaps, which were as sharp as eels, wriggling into the wet sand like magic. Then we had flounder spearing — a lot of very nice ones came up the river. Sometimes we found a small cockle bed on the sandbanks. Grabs and lobsters were plentiful and very che-p, bought of the fishermen, who generally stored them till some lugger came round from Plymouth. Quantities of mullet and other fish came into the bay, and sometimes the fisher men tried the net, catching large num bers, but it did not pay. Conger fishing and crabbing were the great stand byes ; such conger, like great boa constructors. When going down to the shore with my gun, I always met the donkeys laden with conger, the result of the nights fishing — monsters, miming up to 401b and more. , They were hawked round the country.' and sold very cheap, and we never could fancy them, so I dare say we lost :a nice change of food. Fancy being out alone as these fishermen often are, all night long, miles away from land, in a small open boat, handling such ser pents as these. To a naturalist I know no place more interesting than the river Erme and its banks. At the mouth of the river numbers of gulls are always con gregated. A specimen or two of the large black -backed, or black dannies as they' are called in Cornwall, being conspicuous amongst the commoner and smaller fry. Around the pools and over, the sands, etc., left bare at low tide, dotterel, dunlin, sandpipers, shanks, etc., whistled and piped as they ran about, or flitted to nearer ground, in search of food left by the receding tide. The wild and to me musical cry of the curlew might be heard at any time save during the breeding season, when they were away to the wilds and wastes of Old Dartmoor, or perhaps a good deal further north. Many wild fowl frequented the river, sometimes in wintec big flocks of widgeon coming in. A heronry on the banks supplied another beautiful feature. The solitary angler — as he usually is — was more social here, plenty of them to be seen as you rounded every -point, busy fishing, whilst others were enjoying their siesta on the low oaks near their home. {To be continued.) 