WHISPERINGS. (BY LISTEN EK.) Phat the Helen Vivian Company lias n the greatest dramatic treat the •onta people have enjoyed for a long That it was Gainfully evident once .v- -re how miserably defective the Instio building is for the accommodation of ecent troupe, who wish to place their •i unas creditably before the public. That the question of the new Institute -. nears to have died a natural death or •s been chocked in its birth, or for some \- h«r cause has given up the ghost. That the public men in Moonta appear . -id as spasmodic efforts and will work . fits and starts, but are not good at a • pull, a strong pull, and a pull •' - ogochur. That Dr James and Captain Cowling igned their places iu the Local Board , Advice some months ago, and that it is . 'ie their successors were appointed. That Mr Burtt, M. A. being a scholarly in, and Mr .Job Martin being a "man the people," would be suitable persons reccommond t<> his Excellency to fill • vacant Beats. That the memorial re free education h not been so numerously signed as was >iected, hut care has been taken to •it the signatures to those having ildien to send to school. That the Wesleyan Church has had its ustics very much improved by the •leriments recently made therein. "hat h'ifchers' me-it is falling in the v. v and «ill soon follow in Moonta. So <te it bt. That already Australian mutton is / •nst as cheap in Moonta as it is in . . »ndon. That the Commissioner of Public Works o find work for the Kurilla miners if -sible. That a number of the men who are . v;ty.s out of work around Adelaide have 'ii astonished in having it provided for >< in, and have to get work or make clce, arid have «hown a decided pre- • • i*nc-e for the latter- That it is a good spec amongst the f mere to surrender their own land and i uy it at £1 Os fid, and then buy out a i i'ihbor at £3 10s per acre, including c i >p and improvements. That when the crop and improvements si * taken ofl", the difference is not so J... -at as it appears at first eight. Hint tetter times are comma: for all r< ind. as the new ministry are going to b'tush dull rare by the magic power of b- > '-rowed money. 