LINGERING SUPEfSTITIONS. (Froas the Mlelbourne Argus.) IT is universally admitted that we are an advanced and enlightened people. This judgment applies generally to Australians, but in this colony is considered to have special application to Victorians. We walk in the foremost files of time, and we lead tho great march of humanity. The belief is assiduously maintained by some of the leaders of local public opinion, that the attention of the effete nations of Europe, and particularly of Great Britain, is conucen trated on our politics and legislation, in the hope of deriving some hints for their own guidance. In all departments of intellectual and practical life, we represent the most advanced stago yet attained by progressive maunkind. And yet with all this triumphant achieve ment, it is odd how many survivals of queer old-world superstitions linger on among us. The advertisoments in some journals seem to indicate that a considerable number of people, all apparently women, manage to gain a livelihood by unveiling the secrets of futurity, plentifully spangled with fortunes and husbands to the confiding women upon whose fiaith these sibyls live. About the time when the excitement of the racing carnival is at its height, a large number of otherwise sensible people are found to back outside horses on the strength of an alleged dream of some sporting seer, which has in some way or other found its way into print. We have, or have had, our spiritualistic manifestations qusto as remarkable as those in other countries. We have several miracle workers, who cure all kind of diseases by the simple laying on of hands, and some are believed to find the exercise of their miraculous gifts a very lucrative occupation. As to the nature of the testimony by which those wonders are supported, here is a passage taken from a recent Adelaide paper, desciibing some cures of this kind effeoted by a "healer" named Wood: The first person who spoke announced that he had soon a barmaid who wae suffering from an ulcroented throat aud low fever completely relieved of these complaints by Mr. Wood, although they had resisted medical and hydropathio treatment. The girl bad formerly been unable to eat, but immedi ately after her interview with MIr. Wood she found harself quite able to partake of food. Mrs. Morgan, the directress of the hydropathio establishment, Hurtlc-square, then recounted how she had been suffering from heart.disease for the last twenty years, and that the pain had been subjected to was fearful; but since Mr. Wood hadoxercisod his power in regard to her, all the pain had dissappeared, and sheo was better than she had been for years. A half. caste, next informed those present that he had been stufferiug from a severe cold, and one application of Mr. Wood's Ihands had removed the ailmeont; but it returned the next day, because holost his temper with a follow-being. He prayed to thoLord to re move it, but he chastened him for him for sin, aud would not do so. Then in the eveoning he again saw Mr. Wood, and again he was cured. I will be seen that one witness to tlhe efficacy of thle powers possessed by Mr. Wood is directress of a rival curative agency, and stillshe believes. Of course, like the rest of the world, Mr. Woood has his failures, one of which he accounted for by the want of belief, not of the patient, but, what seems rather hard, by that of her husband. iHe also ihas his successes; and perhaps it would be thought irrelevant to mention that immediately after one of his most success ful eases the cured patient suddenly and illogically died. He has, moreover, other consequences of his woi'k, of which the following is a sample. It is given in a tele gram from Adelaide : A woman named Mary Smith Paulk, who is married and is.thirty-seven years old, was com mitted to the lunatic asylum at the Port hdelaide police court this morning on account of her suffering from nr ligious mania, the result of attending Mr. Wood's Mlinistry of Healing. The woman presented a sad spectacle. Her husbaud strongly denounced Mr. Wood. Not to be outdone in the command of the miraculoius and bupernatural there are, we believe, spiritualist "hestlers" who only require a hair of the patient to be sent to them by letter, and by the simple process of invoking the spirit of Galen or even 2Escu lapius, they readily obtain a correct diagnosis of thle disease and au infallible remedy. It is only duo we presume to the. superior modesty of the spiritualists that their oures have not been noised about as loudly as those of the healers by religious power. Now here it would seem we have a case to which the modern system of combined business is highly applicable. There is a community of character running through all these methods. Would it not be much better if they were to be combined in one vast business situated in central and suit ably imposing premises? By joining all their efforts these artists, whose business it is to foster and to profit by the believing faculty of mankind, would find their hands materially strengthened. It would be in the power of the " mammoth combination " to secure thle best talent available. Several old and warranted queens of the gipsies could be readily imported from England, so that our servant girls could have their for tunes told in the most approved fashion. A number of the best spiritualist mediums could be engaged from America; and pro bably since his unlucky accident at Vienna, which unbelievers designated " exposure," the distinguished Mr. Bastian might be pre vailed upon to transfer his talents to the Antipodes. Thie best miracle- workers and healers would be engaged regardless of ex pense, and also, as the institution would be based on unsectarian principles, regardless of the faith or creed in the name of which their cures were accomplished. A couple of Warwickshire crones who, out of the mys tical lore of age, would be able to tell the meaning of the many signs and omens by which old ladies of both sexes are so often troubled and perplexed, would be imported; and efforts would be made to engage in time for the spring racing season, a dreamer about the winner of the M?elbourue Cup, who would be able to impart to his dreams the elements of the florid and the pictur esque requisite to engage the attention of the public. The establishment would of course devote a department to the sale of spirit-rapping and fortune-tolling literature. And in these days when ghosts are looking up in the market, it may be anticipated that the old and wealthy families of tile colony will come to consider a domestic ghost as an appurtenancce without which no gentleman's mansion can be regarded as complete. Should this taste develope, as it reasonably may be expected to do, tile establishmeni we are considering would no doubt make arrangements for mcoting the demand. It is evident that such an emporium would supply a great want, Inasmuch as people in overy community are animated by this craving for the wonderful, it is only right that their requirements should be supplied in the most business- like fashion. And it would surely be better that they should obtain what they require by going to a palatial place of business, where their ailments, known and unknown, might be instantaneously oured, their fortune told, their bumps felt, and two clharactors-ono a phrenological, and the other a phlysiog nomical one-furnished them, together with an infallible dream tip for the next Cup, a spiritual communication from their grand mother, and a copy of Napoleon's Book of Fate given in, than that respectable people in pursuit of these objects should lhave now to explore dingy back lanes in the suburbs, in search of an advertised address, or to take tips on tho authority of random hear say statements in a newspaper, or to have to submit to the ignominy of being miracu lously healed in publio in presence of a miscellaneous crowd. It is the province of civilisation, and we may add of business, to supply every want which it developes. Here is an obvious want, and here, it seems, is the way to meet it. 