OUR LONDON LETTER. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Rosh Chodesh Kislev, 5644. E in London are glad to learn from the Jewish Heraldt which the last mail has just brought us, that the Rev. Dr; Abrahams has safely arrived in Melbourne, and been accorded the warm welcome we expected. That he made many friends on the voyage out does not surprise us, for he is too unselfish and con siderate to be other than a popular companion. We wish him a brilliant and useful career. At home we are still engaged in the festivities attending Sir Moses Montefiore's Centennial. Our Anglo-Jewish press will have given your readers full particulars of the celebration. The birthday fell on a Thursday (the 8th inst.)an awkward day for the Chronicle and the World, so awkward that the hurried report of the proceedings which appeared in the former periodical con tained, it is said, no less than 25 misprints., I must, however, admit that I did not count them, and that there may have been more. It was, in truth, a memorable day for all of us. Her Majesty telegraphed her congratulations from Balmoral as early as 8 o'clock in the morning. Her telegram being " urgent," had precedence, of course, over all others, and was the first to arrive. Sir Moses, than whom the Queen has never had a more loyal subject, prizes tiiis expression of her goodwill most highly, and keeps the telegram inside the Bible which ho daily uses. Intu the details of that day I will not enter ; your readers know all about them. One little incident only I will mention; it is not reported in any of the papers. When the deputations from the South-Eastern and Metropolitan Railways, with Sir Edward Watkin, the Railway King (or despot, as some call him), at their head, were introduced to Sir Moses, he had his old-fashioned " Berlin" taken out of the coachhouse, and shown to them as a type of travel before railways. This " Berlin" is the old and enormous family coach, in which Sir Moses and Lady Montefiore travelled through Europe in 1836. On Thursday, the 22nd November, a large and. influential deputation from the Common Council of London, including a " young man of 85," waited on the venerable baronet, taking down with them to Ramsgafce the gorgeously illuminated address of congratulation, and a bouquet of choice exotics. It is wonderful how well flowers keep in llumsgate, many of those which filled the lodge on the 8th are still blooming and fresh in the Mausoleum next the synagogue. The choicest basket of flowers was that sent by the Baronne Alphonsede Rothschild, from Paris. On Monday last a meeting of deputies from the United Syna gogue, the Portuguese Synagogue, the Ramsgate Committee, the Board of Deputies, &c.;, was held at Cannon-street, Sir Nathaniel de Rothschild in the chair, and deliberated as to the form the national testimonial to Sir Moses is to take. I am in a position to state that the scheme which is to be adopted is one which will appeal to all our hearts, and is sure to result in a work of philan thropy worthy of the great philanthropist in whose honor it is initiated. It is to be an answer to the " Bitter Cry of Outcast London."' Seldom have the sympathies of all England been so rudely awakened as by the heartrending accounts of the wretched ness of the hovels in which our poor live. The Marquis of Salisbury waB one of the first to call public attention to this in his recent article in the National Review, and his words have been echoed by our newspapers of all politics, and our preachers of all creeds. In our synagogues Dr. Adler and Mr. Suyer have delivered sermons a week or two back on the subject, and it was the former, I believe, who suggested that the Sir Moses Montefiore Testimonial could not be better applied than in doing something to remedy the sad condition of our fellow-citizens in the East. The Peabody Charity, which is now enjoying an active career of usefulness, obviously suggests a model which will doubtless be imitated by the Testimonial Com mittee. London has been too long asleep to the cries of the greater part of its children, and even we'Jews, who have an honourable name for our charity, have not done our duty. But at last the mothers in Israel have organised a Visitation Committee, and arranged a systematic course of district visiting. There is no lack of volunteers who have joined the movement from all ranks of our community. Rich and poor, orthodox or not, vie with each other in emulating the illustrious example setthem by the Baroness Lionel de Rothschild. There is poverty everywhere. It is, phi losophers and economists tell us, a necessary concomitant of eociety. There is poverty, bitter poverty, even in Melbourne, and none of us can dare or afford to leave the call of charity unanswered, or her behests disobeyed. The Luther Commemoration, which is now being celebrated by Protestant Europe, is a movement which we cannot join. But wo can and do give due recognition to the fact that the great Protes tant was mainly instrumental in effecting the great improvement which the world's morality has undergone in the last four cen turies. At the same time the report that Stojecker, the Hof-prediger andchief Jew-baiter of Berlin, hadbeeninvitedto England to join in the English commemoration caused some of us no little uneasiness, but this uneasiness has proved to be unwarranted. Stoecker has proved a very Baal am-he has blessed us against his will. Some there are that dub him " ass," and, indeed, his action and reception here have been such as to reflect discredit on the country whence he came. The City of London refused to hear him, the Socialists frightened him, Englishmen did not tolerate him. One opportunity, and one only, he had of spitting forth his venomous spite against our race. He addressed an enormous gathering of some 30 gentlemen at the St. Stephen's Club, on " the Jews of Berlin," and the chairman, Lord Folkestone, in a letter to The Times, took the first opportunity to declare that his speaking had not been authorised by the committee, and would on no account have been authorised, and that the member of the club (Mi*. Badenoch) who was alone responsible for the meeting having taken place " had since resigned." And in The Times of only last Wednesday it is mentioned that Lord Shaftesbury had disapproved of Stoecker's speaking in England, on any subject, anywhere. You in Australia are of course fully an fait with the recent agitation as to digging a new Suez Canal. And you must be also aware that an alternative route to the east has been suggested, and indeed an influential committee, with the Duke of Sutherland at its head, formed with a view to its adoption. They suggest the digging of a Palestine canal, which is to make use of the physical advantages of the Jordan and the Dead Sea, as being below the sea level, and therefore forming a natural waterway for a very large part of the distance between the Mediterranean and Red Seas. The Duke has had interviews with the Sultan on the subject, and his Majesty, with the shrewdness of an Armenian (and scandal-for once probably well founded-gives him the credit of being Armenian on father's side as well as mother's), is fully conscious of the immense boon to the Ottoman Empire that would result from the commerce of India and Australia being carried through his dominions-Egypt being re vera no longer Turkish-and he lends the project not only his sanction, but his approval. For Palestine the plan would work a rejuvenescence, and we Jews would gladly welcome it. But stern nature is in the way, and to cut through the wady Arabi, hard, hilly, and uninhabited, presents engineering difficulties which would damp the energies of even that other grand old man, Lesseps, and Lesseps is, of course, on other grounds most bitterly opposed. The truth of the matter is, no doubt, that the powers that be have, for political reasons, seemed to countenance a proposal which they knew to be impossible, with a view to frightening the Suez Canal Company into making concessions by the apparition of a rival's "ghost." Be this as it may, the solution of the " Asian Mystery" lies in the making of a third road-an iron road-the Euphrates Valley Railway. The laying down of this line would bo welcomed by us Jews as warmly as would the Palestine Canal, and perhaps it . would bo subsidised by capitalists as giving the good hope of commercial success. At any rate it would servo equally well to divert some of the energy of Europe into the Holy Land, and serve to awaken it from the lethargy in which it has lain so long. And there is the strongest hope that this second alternative will, at some no distant date, bo adopted by the English Govern ment. This, too, was one of the far-sighted measures which Disraeli advocated as being a counterpoise to Russian aggression in Asia Minor. Indeed, at the date of the Berlin treaty, a largo scheme was prepared and initiated on the basis of laying down this railway and establishing military consuls in various Asiatic towns, who might form military nuclei and, should need arise, oppose Russian advance by an iron wall of Turkish soldiers, than whom, under efficient leadership, there are no liner, braver warriors in the world. But this plan was, of course, a secret one, and when Gladstone came into power he put his foot upon all that might hurt the Russian's feelings, and this he could do without raising the storm of national indignation which his suicidal policy deserved. But ours is not the right to fly into the fascinating; realm of the haute politique, and we must speedily descend into the pettier, though holier regions of personality, or impersonality, and remember that though we are " somebody" it is only in as far as we are. PELONI. 