Mr. Herbert Spencer on Religion. BY GUJISIJCKER. The Register in a recent issue treated its readers to an article by Mr. Herbert Spencer on Religious Retro spect and Prospect. In this article Mr. Spencer under takes to show the manner in which religious ideas have assumed their present form, and what forms they will probably assume in the future. There is no hesitation or doubt whatever in the tone of the article, the writer speaks with the confidence of one who knows. He complete master of the situation. Whatever mystery may in the minds of some men attach to the origin of the religious ideas which dominate the life and thought of millions of the race, the solution of the problem is very simple thing to Herbert Spencer. " Hey, presto says he, " Open Sesame !" and the tbing is done. Religious ideas, according to Mr. Spencer, had their origin in dreams and ghosts. When men died their surviving friends for a time dreamed about them, saw them in sleep, and so got the idea that they were still living; but when they forgot their dead friends and ceased to dream about them any more then they thought the departed had finally died. But in the course of time it became the practice to offer sacrifices at the graves of the dead, and so their memory was perpetuated, and gradually there grew up a kind of pantheon—a belief in a multitude of gods, who presided over the different departments of nature. As time passed these gods became more and more demoralised, and attributes of a more spiritual character were ascribed to them, and one by one the lesser deities were dropped and the attributes of the many became concentrated in one supreme being, Mr. Herbert' Spencer's style of writing is about as clear as mud, but we have waded through it two or three times, and we think the above is a fair summary, ren dered into plain English, of his notion of the origin oi religious ideas. They had their beginning in a ghost, This is the kind of "grave-yard gospel," the "death's head and cross bones" theology, which Mr. Herbert Spencer would substitute in lieu of the sublime religious ideas of the Bible and of Christianity. That God should have ever spoken to men, that He should ever have communicated His will to them, or should have shown Himself to them in human form does not seem to this apostle of the newest theology to be worthy of a moment's consideration. At all events these old-fashioned ideas are nowhere alluded to in the course of his argument. He thinks that men will not quickly lose their religious ideas, but that they will be subject to the same modifications as in the past, and that while the secret of the consciousness which pervades all things must ever remain insoluable men will continue to attempt the solution, the one absolute certainty being, that he is ever in the presence of an Infinite and Eternal Energy from which all things proceed. We presume our readers have seen the article to which we allude. It occupies nearly four columns of the Register, so that we cannot possibly attempt anything like an adequate summary of its contents; but we could not read it without a feeling of sadness and pity for one so gifted, who will neither enter the Kingdom of Heaven himself nor suffer those who are entering to go in. He would take away religion and substitute for it a ghost story. He would rob men of their Father in Heaven and give them instead an Infinite and Eternal Energy. It seems to us, however, that in conceding that there is an Infinite and Eternal Energy from which all things IJroceed, Mr. Spencer concedes all that we could wish. The orthodox theological position follows naturally from •such a proposition. If all things have proceeded from the Infinite and Eternal Energy, then this Energy must be uncreated—self-existent. He must be before all things, since by Him all things consist. In like manner He must have created all things ; without Him was not .anything made that was made. He must then, since He is infinite, be omniscient, omnipresent, omnipotent. He must be personal—a who, and not a which ; masculine, not neuter; a thinker rather than a thing. The creation which has prpoeed*d from His Eternal Energy proclaims Him to ba^aodphd wise. Now, if it be an absolute certainty that all tilings have proceeded from this Infinite and Eternal Energy, why should it be thought incredible that He should make Himself known to His intelligent creatures ? . We have never seen Mr. Herbert Spencer; we have never felt or handled him; we have never been within twelve thousand milea of him, and yet he has succeeded in communicating his ideas to us. Now, why should it be so easy for Mr. Herbert Spencer to do this, and so hard for Him whom he describes as the Infinite and Eternal Energy ? Since men were groping dimly after Him, their Maker and Father, may we not suppose that His benevolence would lead Him to make Himself known to them; why should He make every other kind of knowledge possible except this ? We would rather accept the version of the position as laid down by the writer of the Epistle to the Hebrews, who says, " God, who at sundry times and in divers manners spake unto the fathers in time past by the prophets, hath in these last days spoken unto us by His Sonor that of the Apostle John, who says, " No man hath seen God at any time. The only begotten Son, who hath dwelt in His bosom, He hath declared Him ;" or that of Christ Himself, who, when Philip said, " Lord, show us the Father, and it sufficeth us," replied, " Have I been so long time with you and yet hast thou not known Me, Philip ? He that hath seen Me hath seen the Father." Our religious ideas have been communicated to us by a special messenger from Heaven, the Father's only-begotten Son and qualified representative, about whose existence we are quite as sure as of Mr. Herbert Spencer's, whose credentials are unexceptionable, and who has exercised an influence on the life and thought of men quite inexplicable on any other ground than that his own account of himself is true. Mr. Spencer thinks that the ideas that God should punish sin or that Christ should have died for the sinner are quite untenable, and in the process of time will be dropped out of man's beliefs, but let us ask how he accounts for conversion. Conversion is based upon the sinfulness of man's nature, the guilt of sin, and the atonement of Christ. The theory of conversion is that in the atonement, when accepted by faith, there is virtue enough to remove the guilt of sin and renew the heart. Now conversion is no rare phenomenon; it is taking place every day. No one need go very far to put his finger on a converted man. He once was proud, hardhearted, vicious, untruthful, dishonest, intemperate, impure, in heart and life he was opposed to God; but under the influence of those truths which Mr. Spencer regards as unworthy of God the man has become convinced of sin. He weeps, he prays, he believes, he becomes a new creature; lie is now humble, loving, true, honest, sober, pure. He loves what he once hated, and hates what he once loved ; he becomes a better husband, father, neighbour, citizen. In every case the result is the same. All over the world, amongst men of every colour and nationality, wherever the Gospel is preached the result is the same : it is the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth. It is profitable unto all things having the promise of the life that now is and also of that which is to come. It is incredible to suppose that such results would follow from believing a he. It is not consistent with the nature of things that a corrupt tree should bring forth good fruit, or that men should gather grapes off thorns or figs off tliistles. We can only conclude that the fruit is good because the tree is good, and that the doctrine is true because the results are beneficent. There is also the question of prayer. Men in all ages have prayed. They pray still. They are persuaded that (Sod hears and answers. Cases innumerable might be cited in which men have received exactly the thing they have asked from God. Have they all been deceived ? George Miiller, of Bristol, for many years has maintained his orphanages, schools and missions, by believing prayer alone. Every year, in answer to prayer the money needed comes, and no man is asked for a penny. This is a fact which Mr. Herbert Spencer can verify for himself. How does he account for it ? Has Mr. Miiller been deceived all this time ? Has his prayer gone up, not to a Living Personal Father, but only to an impersonal Eternal Energy ? We refuse to believe it. We are not silly enough to part with the substance for the shadow. We will not resign the living bread for the dead stone which is offered by Mr. Herbert Spencer. But here we must leave Mr. Spencer with his dreams and ghosts. He attempts to bring spiritual truths to material tests and the result is confusion. It is as though one should undertake to discover the pressure of the atmosphere with a pair of grocer's scales. He would with such a test probably report it to be nil, whereas we know it to be fifteen pounds to the square inch, Spiritual truth refuses to reveal itself to material tests, It can be known to faith only. "Except a man receive the kingdom of God as a little child, he cannot enter therein." " The righteousness of God is revealed by faith to faith." "These tilings are hidden from the wise and prudent and are revealed unto babes." If Mr. Herbert Spencer will, in childlike faith, accept God's good message, all shall be made plain. " If any man will do His will, lie shall know of the doctrine." If Mr. Spencer is a sincere seeker, he will, no doubt, sooner or later, find his feet on the Rock of Ages, but in the meantime, he had better keep his doubts to himself. And the Register would put its space to better use by publishing something a little less foggy and bewildering. 