The Gift of the Spirit. Br the Biv. B. W. Forrest, 1£ A, Vicar of St. Jpde's, South Kekbisgtoe. (From the " Eaj of Beat.") THE descent of the Spirit on Ihe Bay of Pentecost was in "itself an irrefragiblo proof (four Lord's divinity. Previous to his ae%th He had promised that He would send the Holy Ghost the Comforter. What a promise w&s; that! The Spirit' of the livi; g God! An immcasarcable blesdng; an ucspeaVablc girt, the highest any human being could desire or expect, and clearly a gift which it was impos sible that, any mere human being could, of his own power or holiness, cosf«r upou his fellow man Nevertheless,' this pro miso, given by our Lord without any doubt, heaita'ion, or JimiUlioa wh iteve?, was actually fulfilled ten days after His Atcsnsiott in the marvellous manner described in A\t« ri. It hi?, besides, through ruccrssivo ages received a continuous fulfilmvLl, scarcely l«s wonderful, in the conversion and regeneration of innu merable souls; in convincing the world of sin, of right'Ousncss, of judgment; in malting of robcls loyal subjects, of enemies loving r.nd obedient children; in turning men from dark ness to light, and from the pywer of Sa'un unto Qod ^his promise, I repeat, with its fulfilment, sheds a glorious light upon our Lord's clarcc ter and claims; cen only be explained by t hose sub'imc words of His prayer to His Heavenly Father: 'All Mine are Thine, and Thine are Mice;1 and should lead us with most earnest faith to coijfts* Him at our God, and to confide in Him as our Saviour L' The outpouring of the Spirit was the com pleting link in the grand chain of events which consti'uto what maj >e calW the faota of the Goepel. Tt occurred in a pro- ordaued order. It was lo bo subs qucnt to, and euspsndtd on, our blessed LordVascniiiion. The Huly Ghost was not vet given, because tbat Jesus was not yet glorified' (John vii, 8?). It is Tory in structive as well as very comforting to think of this connection between the -Sun and the Spirit. Bear in mind'/ ther»j that the Spirit comes to Us not direct)/, but, as it wore, second hand—is ' the gift of a*gift.' ' The Spirit is sent, because Christ was sent. He is the ro ward of the re demptive wort of JVsuv the Divine Breath whereby He conveys Bis risen life to the souls of His believing people; the "river of the water of lift* which is ever flow sg from the tbrono of the Limb God gives the Spirit without measure unto His Spn, and the Son unceasingly communicates that spirit to all who are united unto.Himself by foithi To be filled with the Holy Ghost ycu must tcep ' looking unto Jesus' , But further: Our Lord, just previous to His departuro.hadsohccd his grief- alrickon disciples with the assurance that .fit was expedient'for them lie should go away,' and send the Spirit in his place (John xvi, 7). And we can now see clearly the divine wisdom of the arrange* mcht, Bi» work for us w*s completed at the Asc nsion, in order that His work, in us might bo real and effective. His sensible presence was withdrawn in order that. His spiritual presence might bo manifested. His personal and out ward work was limited in order that His inward and spiritual workmightbe boundless and endless As it is well expressed,' He came into this world that lie might got near to us, and Ho went away in order that He might, get noartr still! 'Nearer still!' Is it not si? I a«k'you who are beli*rer* in the Lord Jesus, Is He not nearer to you to day than, so far a* out* ward contact is concerned, Ho was to,Petcr, or John, or .Maty? I« Ho not in your mind's cye'juat row ? I* not His image enshrined in .vour: very heart of hearts? Di you not love Him with a most true and undying lovo ? Doe* Ho not meet.your sinl'a everv want at this mo ment ? ^ro r.btall His deeds and sorrows and sufferings, not mem*rie3 bnt living' realties to you. coming home wi'.h the same fvrce aod freshness as if the trvgedvof Calvarf; only took pi*ce yesterday, as if tho tomb of Joseph was only this morning left empty ? O Spirit of God, descend!; T.ke of the things tf Christ end show' them unto us. - Mak* Him altogether lovely in our eyes! 0 Jesu*, come to us now by Thy Spirit; speak to us j touch our hearts with a sense of Thy love; sprinkle us afresh with.theBlood which is efficacious ss of old, when.it gave peace to the assembled thousands of Pentecost; so shall we, too, speak in our own tongue wherein we were born the wonderful works cf God II. But, in the next place, wo are encouraged to entertain the largest exoec'ations upon this subjects, inasmuch ss we live under the dis pensation of the Spirit. In saying this we do not, of caurse, forget His presence, power, and divine operations in Hid Testament times "Kven as previous to His birth at Bethlehem our Lord Jesus himself was working in the world, and appeared to His servants in diver* form?, which have been called anticipations of the Incarnst'on, so the Thud Person of the Blessed Trinity wrought upon the hearts and I conscience of men'at all times, although it was I not till the day of Pentecost that He was mani* I fested as the Lord and Giver of Life. In former ages Ho fell upon the Oliu ch as sprinkling drops, refreshing God's inheritance when it was weary; hub now He is an over flowing shower. Hence tho personality and indwelling of the Spirit: are much mora dwelt upon in the New Trstament thin in the Old. J he apostl. testifies of tho Thetsalonian church (I Thcs. i 5) that the Gospel came to them 'in power and in tho Holy Ghost.1 Think of this, I pray tou, and try to realise it in your own cass. If you be a true believer, the Spirit of God, a divine person, dwells in your heart, making you His property as truly as tho temple of old was His house. Bo you fiad it difficult to realise this? No wonder; the doc trinoof the Holy Spiritisoneof the 'thingsbard to be understood;' it stands at the'remotest di- tauce possible from our fallen nature But though a deep mystery, this is no less an undoubted truth. The apostle complains of himself, 'sin dwilleth in mo} (Rom. vii, 17); hy which expression ho moans that the pro pensity lo rin was not intermittent,mot a thing of fit* and starts, not occasionally but per petually prcrcnt; indwelling evil ho felt as combustible matter which a spark might Set in a. ; a clog, ready at any and every moment to i* pedo the wheel rf obedience; not a ceremonious visitor, but au inm .to of the house; not an enemy making occasion'. 1 eallic* from wi boat hut, a In? iter in the citad'1 of tho soul \V> ill know by expcrionce ho w sadly true it U that 'sin dwclleth in us.', "Well, it i*i equally our privilege to n-aiito that Gol's spirit dwrih within us is in ns es a well of water. 1 springing up into everlasting lifo.' Wo may not bo equally cmscious of Bis Divine infiuen o nt all times and may ever and anon pronounce upon'ourselves tho solemn sentence, 1 lUfclitu'e of tho 'h'irit !'• Neverthcleis, ho is not unto us as n wayfaring man that turret): uaulo to tarrp for :i uighl; nor as the A: ah who pitchr* hi» t'.nt at crcotide, and disappears with tlic diV.n; for ivheu Ho oujcs it is tc m&Vc; she » »ul Ho bos created r.now His per man ml hahiUMon; it is to dwell in tho house of tho Lord for over. iri. And r>ow, finally, let us turn from tin individual ChiLjuiu to think of tho Churcl general!;. The Spirit, has been freely given end has hc-en largely received. On tho first Christian Pentecwt the window? of heiver w>re opened, and such a hlesiing poured out at lh?rc was scarce room to receive. Wo read ir tho toxt. that the assembled apostles and dis ciples were nil 'filled with the Holy Ghost Well, is thnt a.h!o>ri«g of bygone times? fi it something which belongs exclusively to th. imiaculcus phet ? Look over tho Nev Testament, with the help of a concordance, «n"a' ■ aeo how frequently the phrasea, ' Hl'ri with the Holy Ghost,' 'full of the Holy Qhoit' recur. The power manifested at Pentecoitwi • not temporary ; history tells usthatithaaiasnj times since been repeated in the Church Well, why not at this time ? Vfhy not to-day ? Are we hot warranted to look for ' times ot re freshing from the presence of the lord!1 h the Gospel the power of God no longer? Tithe eross of Christ of none effort? Has the old story become effete ? Through frequent re petition, ' has it come to lose its former chart), freshness, and attractive influence over the hearts of men? And is the spirit of the lord straitened? Hare the wings of the heavenly Dove bogun to droop? Do the cold utilitaraoism and the widening scepticiim 0( the present day forbid the hope of anothst Pentecost? To such questions we ere pre pared to give an omphatio negative answer. Ihe fault, depend upon it, is with ourselves, net with God, or the Gospel, or tho Holy Fpirii, If this bs a day of small things, it ii because we have not faith to look for great things j we do not expect success, and therefore it is notgranted. We hear and read morothan enough of tho externals and accessories of reli gion-of rasthetio worship, of 'good services,' of fine architecture, of beautiful muaio, of or naments and'ceremonies, of eloquent preachers, and sensational sermons. Wo are weary and heartsick of theco things, and of all the un profitable lalk and controversy they occasion. Ob, we want realities! Easter was the birth day of the Gospel; Whitsuntide, the birth day of the Church, and we want true members to be added to the Church daily; men and women born again -, souls quickened who were dead in trespasses and sins. We want the srm of the Lord to bo revealed, the prey to be taken from the mighty, and the lawful captive de livered. We want the spirit of the lord to descend amongst us' in Pentecostal power, so that we may bo" made to frel that ' neither is he that plantcth anything, neither he that watereth, but God (hat giveth the increase ' (I. Cor, iii. 7) ; that the wori is done not by human might nor power, but by the Spirit of tho lord of Hosts. Wo want this word we preach to distil upon the souls of men liko the dew, as the showers upon the grass, a- d as tho small rain upon the.tendrr herb. Wo want tbo Gospel we proclaim to bs manifested as tho rod of God's strength, as the hammer that breaketh the rock in pieces, si the very voice of Christ spcabing to-day in the world, saying to tho d'ai soul, 'Come forth;' and to the troubled heart, 'Peace, be still!' Let God arise! let the arm of the Lo~d, His mighty Spirit, awake as in the ancient days, in tho generation of old, and wo shall bo well content to stand aside and be as nothing, if it be only granted to our eyes to see His sslra lion. When multitudes, like the doves to their windows, come flocking to us with that ques tion of questions on their lips, 1 "ire, what must I do to be saved ?' we shall exclaim widt praise and wonder,"1 This is thr Lord's doing, and it is marvellous in our eyes !' 