THE DESERTED HOUSE. Is there any eight that raises. stranger nfanlon in our mind Than a house we see deserted-void of any human kind Slowly rotting,damp ani mouldy, overy chamber, roof and floor Halt in fear we cross each thresbold, curous, yet full of awe, Like a body ued no longer, and from which the soul has fled Like a templo sacred only to the long forgotten dead. Here, before a roaring fire children played while mouthers smiled ; Fathers from the cares of daytime by. their loved ones were beguiled ; Tales were told, and hopes amd fancies lent their magic to the scene Strange it is to see how dreary is the place where joy has been. In this dark and lonesome chamber we can almost hear the groan - Of some sad and weary suferaer dying in the gloom alone; Or perhaps tith friends around him camne at length tho welcome end, As for breath in vain he strrggle1, o'er tim lid some loved one bonet.. Through this doorway passed a muthier, willt ti s f and noiseless tread, Every evening pausel a moment, staooping o'er each little bed, Softly kissed the little inmate sleeping sweotly, calmly ther. - Little lives so strongly guarded from a thought of sin or care. - Did nbo ever weep, I wooder, as she passed the emply cot, Scarce a mother but she misses some onto lroel her treasured lot . Did a yearning strung and toenir fill the goetlo mother's heart, When she vi- wed that one cot standing from the other beds japart. Loavo the room, a thousannd fa;cica crown from it into ray bi aitn,. Yearnings etrange and feelings minigl i, h 1r with joy and hali' with pain. Here a chamber whera a maiden passed htw youth ful hours away.;.. Here she dreamt those dreams and fancies that like mist can fade away ; Here some youth formel mighty projects, lasting as the raiden's tireonts. Ch that life were but as brilliant an in youths'n bright hobrs it seems ! Spirits ftr the time forgottan wander through cact vacant room; Hopes and dreams row dead for overt dwell like ghosts amid the gloome Silence and deeay together in the once love l homna must dwell, Nsno are left to claim the dwelling tthat could ever love it well. Buta few more years shall binish and ic shall be seen no Imlore, Trees will grow and acies will fl murikt tii arc tie hoase had stood before; WVnled- w.llmour.i andisob arni.ili, a i swis i frown to soe it tall ; l'uer, iunonseous, seoulloes dwetling, yo r.s is but the fate oa all cc Xict4 - . - -, . _ - 