MISCELLANEOUS. <C A writer to Vanity Fair says that wander ing Americans are demoralising and deterio rating London. " Tlio nasal twang is heard in all our streets, and the keen, vulpine afce Btares from every hotel window." Here lire the epithets applied to the detested Yankees : -" Unendurable, forward, obtrusive, inqtiis tive, impertinent, familiar, ungenilematily, brutal, grovelling, undignified, ungraceful, Talgar, witless, shallow, uninteresting. They say that Carlyle'a ghost, arrayed in ^hite, haunts hehiaat the twilight hour, and recently asked a little girl for " a 'penn'orth o' tobacco." That Carlyle should walk after the manner in which he has been treated by Mr. Froude, is, thinks the London Echo, not surprising ; but it might be sup posed that, instead of asking for tobacco, he would have made a grim demand for his biographer. j AVerment editor in publishing one of I Byron's poems changed the words, " Oh, gods !" to " Oh, gosh !" because the former was too profane for his readers. A writer to a London newspaper aays that, after bi ending months among the poor of tin city, he has come to the conclusion thai large numbers of them have a hatred and ferocity towards wealth and aristocracy which could not be surpassed by any "Russian Nihilist or French Communist. An English traveller in Ireland, greedy for for information, and always fingering the note-hook in his breast-pocket, got into the same railway carriage with a certain R-irnan Catholic archbishop. Ignorant of his rani;, nnd only perceiving that he was a divine, he questioned him pretty alosely about the about the state of the country, whiskey drinking, etc. At last he said : " You are a parish priest yourself, of course?" Bis grace drew himself up. " T was one, sir." he answered, with icy gravity. "Dear, dear !" was the sympathic rejoinder,' " that accursed drink, 1 suppose." A hotel guest in Columbus, Ga., after wailing a long time for his supper in a hotel dining-room, grew impatient, and exclaimed to the dilatory waiter : " Bring' .me my supper at once !" and" accompanied this per emptory remark by the exhibition of a revolver, which he pointed at the waiter's, head. He secured the meal, not 'only in abundance, but in solitude for all the other guests fled at sight of the weapon ; but his eating was followed by arrest, and the im patient visitor was obliged to digest the food 11 gaol. It is announced t-hatM. Body, of Lecor liette, in the Ardennes, has invented.a new and ingenious 6 re-da nip. detector. It is essentially a safety-lamp of the Davy type, connected with nn electric bell. Contact is prevented by a catch held back by a. cotton wick impiegnated with some chemical pre-, paration. Wnen the fire-damp reaches dangerous proportions the wick ignites, tho catch is released, and the bell rings. 