Dorothy Forster.* By Walter Besant. Chatter XI.— (Continued.) Could any woman hear such things said to her for the first lime, and by a man so young, so handsome, and bo noble, and not lose her heart ? - Why, I am proud to think that this divine young man made love to me ; it makes me happy to remember it. I confess that I was ready to give him my hand and my heart. I should be ashamed of myself now if I had not been ready, because it would argue a head so insensible that a negro of New Guinea would scorn. And yet, whether I be believed or no, I declare that I had no thought of securing a coronet and a great estate. This was so. I was a simple country girl, but of an honourable house ; a Radcliffe could do a Forster no honour by marry ing her. I was unused to the polite word, ignorant of courts, and untrained in arts of coquetry. Again, I had no knowledge of a woman's power, nor could I lure a man, nor did I know ought of the strength and casaion of love, jealousy, or rivalry, save for the things Mr. Hilyard read to me of Ovid— such as the stories of Cephalus and Procns, Hero and Leander, Sappho and Phaon. It was by no arts of mine that my Lord was attracted to my aide. Tet a ' woman is not a stock or a stone ; and when I saw that he loved me — why, truly, I need say no more. Some days after he called me Daphne I found lying on my table, written in a feigned hand, a copy of moat beauti ful verees. Who could doubt the name of the poet ? . Like apple-blossom, white and red ; Like hues of dawn, which fly too soon ; like bloom of peach, bo softly spread ; Like thorn of May and rose'of June— # Oh t sweet, oh ! fair, beyond compare, Are Daphne's cheeks, Are Daphne's blushing cheeks, I swear. . That pretty rose, which cones and goes, Like April sunshine in the sky : I can command it when I choose, See how it rises if I cry, Oh' sweet, oh ! fair, beyond compare, Are Daphne's cheeks, Are Daphne's blushing cheeks, I swear. Ah ! when it lies round lips and eyes, ' . And fades away, again to spring. No lover, sure, could ask far more Than still to cry, and still to sing, . Oh !? sweet, oh ! fair, beyond compare, I Are Daphne's cheeks, 1 * Are Daphne's blushing cheeks, I swear. Never were verees more beautiful. £ read themagtin and again. I took them to bed with me, just as a little maid takes her doll with her. 1 knew them all by heart, and blushed— That pretty rose, which «omee and goes— — Like April sunshine in the sky, whenever I said them to myself. Who could have written them but my Lord ? I waited for his next visit, and showed the lines to him, thinking he would have confessed. Ah, the pretender ! He read them with an air of astonishment so natural that it might have imposed upon any, so that I did not dare charge him with what he was too modest to acknowledge. ?? Daphne,' he said, ' they are pretty verses indeed. I would 1 could find such rhymes to fit my thoughts. Prior himself: hath never written better. Alas ! why am I not a poet?' So he read them again, and when he read the last lines, Oh ! sweet, oh ! fair, beyond compare Are Daphne's cheeks, Are Daphne's blushing cheeks, I swear, he stooped and kissed my hand, saying : ''Ah, Dorothy, are there in all the world cheeks more eweet than thine ? ' Thus we talked, and in such sweet discourse the days passed by. I have sometimes wondered whether Tom sus pected that, while he was tramping the moors, fowling-piece in hand, Lord Derwentwater was turning his sister's head with compliments, and Btealing away her heart. Mr. Hil yard knew and witnessed all, put I understood not why he grew every day more gloomy, insomuch that Tom declared he now wanted six glasses of punch at least before he be came moderately cheerful. Why should he not, since he protested so much affection for me, be the happier for my happiness P And why should he, when I went singing, go with his head hanging? He ought, farther, to have been happy because Lord Derwentwater noticed] him kindly, con descended to ask his opinion on many matters of im portance, sod listened gravely to his conversation. ' Such a man,' he said, ' would in France be a poet and wit in the service' of some great, lord, or he would be a hanger-on of ladies' salons and ruelUs, making verses for them, writing operas and comedies. He would be admitted to the sappers of princes, where he would sing and recite and Jjjay a thousand monkey tricks, ', He wbuldhe just such a man as Boisrobert, the favourite of the Cardinal 50 years ago, or Benserade, or Voiture, or any of them. He would lie an abbe' at least, and presently would get something, a canonry, a prebend's Etafl; or even a parish. What can Bach a man do in England?' .,:./, Such a man might, Mr. Hilyard himself told me, go to London, find a patron, write plays, and perhanbpbtain ft place; or he might be the starving wit of a coffee-house, the hack of a publisher, and die in a garret. 'It is melancholy,' Lord Derwentwater continued, 'to see bo fine a scholar thus wasted and thrown away. Not,*' he . added, ' that any man can be thrown away to whom it is allowed to flit daily in your presence and to near your voice. But a man of suchvaBt reading, with a memory so prodi gious, should have climbed high Tap the ladder by now. He should he a court chaplain; or a 'dean, whereas what is the poor man but a Jack Pudding in the evening and a steward in the morning ? A playactor need not know Greek nor a steward Hebrew. And when Tom Forster marries— what ?' ??;??;' 'My Mr. Hilyard will always have one friend,' I said. «? Who lbves me must love him too.' 'I would love anape for your sate,1 ' he replied. ' There fore I shall find it easy to love thin ingenious gentleman and unfortunate scholar.' £o one 'day I ventured to ask the poor man why he grew so melancholy. ... He fiaid, first of all; that he wasnot melancholy, but bnm fulTof spirits and joy, to prove -which he heaved a deep sigh, and his eves filled with tears. 'Nay,'' I said, 'hut I know the contrary. Tell me, why— surely yon to whom I owe so much gratitude, cannot think I am careless .of your concerns. Tell me, dear friend, if it is anything I can help,' ' It is nothing that you can help,' he said. ' I am in truth the most ungrateful dog in the world mt fo be jump irg about and singing all -day to give vou pleasure. And yei'*— beie he fetched another sigh— 'I think of the future when you will go and I remain. But since you will ba happy, what matters it for me ?' 'Oh! Mr. Hilyard. I could not be happy if you were miserable. We have been companions so long. Do yoa think I could ever forget your readings and your talk, from which I have learned alt I know P Nay— but let me whisper one thing. See — there is one who — who — pre- tends to find pleasure in my society. He knows very well that he who loves me must love my Mr. Hilyard as well.' Mr. Hilyard hath a heart foil of sensibility. He bowel and kissed'my hand and said nothing. But tile tears in his eyes ran over, and down his cheeks. Chapter XII.— FRANK EADCLIFFE. The second of the brothers came seldom. He was a grare lad ; he neither laughed nor made merry, nor rode a hunting like his two brothers. In figure he was the tallest of the three, but stooped in walking, so that he seemed the shortest. He was possessed of a strange melancholy, of which he was never quite free, although sometimes he would seem to shake it off and talk bravely for a while. He was like his uncle, Colonel Thomas Radclifie, in his tem perament being as moody and aa full of stranre fancies. ' It is a disease,' said Mr. Hilyard, speaking of Francis Eadcliffe's melancholia, ' for which there is no known remedy, while the causes are subtle and manifold. The patients are subject to strange fancies and illusions ; some have thought themselves made of glass, and others of leathers ; gome are held down, with fears, and others inflated like bladders with wild hopes ; some suffer the curse of Apuleius, in that dead men's bones are always held before them; astiange disease indeed. Yet melancholy men, as Aiistctle insisteth are often witty.' Mr. Hilyerd, therefore, regarded this young gentleman with a peculiar curiosity, and loved nothing: so much as to talk with him and leain his thoughts. First of all he discovered that this boy was strangely given to the study of all books which he could find upon the unseen, world, such as books on oracles, conjuring, of spirits, predictions, astro logy and so forth. On meeting encouragement he openei his inind to Mr. Hilyard and took counsal with him. There ?was no subject in the world, I believe, in which our most ingenious Oxford srholar was not versed. Therefore Frank learned from him how to conjure spirits, raise the dead, cast nativities, and so forth, and that is to say, all that books can teach. ' Which is,' Mr. Hilyard said, ' everything except the essential. I mean, Mr. Radcliffe, that you may question the stars, but you must read their answer yousalf, because they are silent ; and you may question the dead— thtse books tell you how — but I doubt if they will reply.' Nevertheless they began to amuse themselves with cast ing horoscopes and nativities, erecting celestial figures and ' the houses of Heaven, Mr. Hiljard all the time protesting that the thing was a foolish invention, and useful only in that it taught something of the planetary courses. Yet he, like his pupil, watched anxiously for the event ; and whan, not in one cate only, that of Frank himself, but also of the Earl and my brother Tom, the future, which they hoped to find lovely and fortunate, came ont gloomy and threatening, all the signs menacing, Mr. Hilyard became terrified and would have no more of it, saying tbat though it was a vain thing yet to continue in it might be the sin of tempting Providence, such as that committed by Saul, and that as for him he would ask of the stars no more. Now if the future they had seen in this mirror of coming time had been bright and happy, would they have ceased to inquire ? I think not ; and strange it is that (his thing which so many learned men and philosophers teach us to despise is yet on occasion believed in even by themselves. We had many conversations upon these subjects, which, like the tales of ghosts and spectres, are always curious to people of every age and rank. Mr. Hilyard after speaking of the practice among the ancients, one day discoursed upon the common and vulgar methods practised by people in all countries and in times ancient and modern. ' Some, for instance,' he said, ' look in a magic ball of glass, where they see not only the future but also the present, and what is being done in far countries. Others fill a basin with water, and behold the same as in a mirror. Others read the future by dreams ; and others by cards ; while by the flight and number of birds, the crowing of cocks, the first words heard in the morning, the lack of the day is determined. Some have placed barley on the letters of the alphabet, and noted the order in which a fowl will pickup the grains.' ' My maid, Jenny,' I said, ' reads fortune by the band.' ' It is palmistry,' said Mr. Hilyard, ' and a most cuiiouB art, though, like the rest, it is vain and useless : though it hath been held by some the Lord hath stamped the future of man not only on the palm, but also upon every feature, so that, if we could leam it, we might read in the enrve of an eyebrow, the lines of the lips, the turn of the chin, a sure and certain prognostic of what will happen to us before we die. With your permission, Miss Dorothy, we w-U examine the girl in this matter.' t Jennywascailed^ndlaskedherfirsttoreadmyhand. She replied, looking ashamed, that she had read it many times, but when I commanded her to tell me what she saw there she hesitated and changed colour, and then replied like a gipsy at a fair when you cross her hand with, a groat tha t there was a fair young gentleman of a great estate, and that she Eaw a wedding-ring and happiness as long as a summer day, with a troop of beautiful children. But it was manifest that she said what she thought would please me. Then Mr. Hilyard bade her look at Mr. Frank's hand, into which she peered long and with a Btrange curiosity. After a while she dropped his hand, and turned to Mr. Hilyard saying, 'Now yours, sir,' and read it glibly as if from a book, saying, ' The line of life is long, but the course of love is crossed. There is wealth for you and honour ; 'but no wife and no children. No one hath everything.' ' But mine,' cried Frank, ' what is mine ?' But she replied not, running away. When afterwards I rebuked her, she acknowledged that she could not tell him what she read, so bad and unlucky it was. She also told me that her grandmother, the old gipsy woman of whom 1 have spoken, had also told the fortune of Mr. Frank by cards, and that it came the same as her own by the reading of his palm, which made me marvel. 'Ask no more,' said Mr. Hilyard ; ' and you, girl, keep these things to yourself, else the people will get strange notions into their heads.' The people had already got into their head strange notions. First this girl of mine bad filled the place with the terror of the ghosts she saw. Next it was said that she was a witch and ought to be thrown into a pond. Perhaps that . would have been done but for fear of us. Then it was said tbat she had bewitched a certain young fellow of the place named Job Oliver, a bind. They told Mr. Hilyard that Job would do whatever foolish things Jenny told him to do; that he would sometimes rise when she was not in the com- ' pany, and Bay that Jenny called him, and so go to her ; that he looked not as he was wont to look, but went about with ?ejes distracted and trembling hands. 'She is a witch,' said Mr. fiilyard, *' just as au womenare witches ; and she hath bewitched this foolish lad; but the only-arts, I think, are those which she practises in common with all her sex, namely, her eyes and her face. In a word, the fellow is in love.' I spoke to her on the subject, and she confessed, though ehe looked confused, that it was as Mr. Hflyard said, and that if the man chose to be in love with her she could not help it ; perhaps he did and- said foolish things, but she could not help that neither; and he must do what he pleased. The girl was saucy about it, but yet one could not reprove her, because it makes every woman saucy and self - conceited when a man is in love with her. When she crossed the quadrangle or entered any of their houses, the people looked aekanee and put thumb in fingers, but yet were monstrous civil because they feared her. Witch or not, f he didnone of them any harm (I do no t believe that a pig which died at this time was overlooked by her, though this was charged upon her). As for Job, after we went away, he presently recovered, looked about him, became once more a cheerful wight, forgot his enchantress, ani married another woman who made him happy in such sort as rustics understand happiness ; that is to say, every year a thumping boy or girl, and every Sunday a great dish of fat bacon. . And as for Jenny hersBJf, she paid no heed to what was thought, but went about with an impudent answer for all except her mistress, and a saucy laugh, and singing as she went, as if there was no such thing in the world at all as witchcraft, and she had no powers and gifts above those generally conferred upon young maids, namely, the bewitching of eyes and face, soft speech, and lovely limbs. Yet all the time a deceitful hussy. I knew not, then, though 1 leirned afterwards, that she met Frank Radcliffa Fecre'ly, and taught him, I believe, her arts of prediction, and even sent him to see her wicked old grandmother (vrha I am quite sure was another Witch of Endor) when the camp came once to Hexham. What they told him, between them, I know not, but in the end it became manifest what a gipsy woman can do when a young gentleman ia foolish enough to listen to her wiles. Kot knowing these things, I begged frank to give up this pursuit of his i as a useless, idle, and curious practice. He acknowledged that the priestgave him similar admonition, but yet continued in it, though he knew that he was wrong. Religion forbids it, tbat is most sure ; even if the art were sure and certain, he is foolish, indeed, who seeks to know the comine misery or anticipates the coming happiness. Let us only live in the present, looking forward with sure and certain hope to the life where there will be no shedding of tears or thought of trouble. Why could not Frank let the future alone ? The present, which he spoiled by this, bis mischievous curiosity, should have been to him full of happiness, because he had everything that the world has to give — youth, health, strength, riches, an honourable family, and a good heart. What more doth God give to any ? ♦?Why,' said Frank, 'what am I todoV There ia nothing in this country that a Catholic gentleman can do. We may not hold commissions in the army ; we cannot act as magistrates ; we cannot enter the universities ; we can not go into Parliament : we can hold no office, and are cut off from all employment. What wonder if some of us ait down to drink and hunt and nothing more ? Why should the country be afraid of a handful of gentlemen who have kept their old faith?' Truly it was a hard case ; yet what to do \ We may not have the Pope's subjects in our Houses of Parliament. 'Well,' he went on, 'what am I to do with myself? I am a younger son with a younger son's portion -enough, but not great riches. You have shut up all the do9rs ; you treat us with suspicion and contempt ; you call us Papists. I knev not till we came home how hateful and despised a creature is an English Catholic.' ' JS'ay,' I said, for the young man had worked himself into a passion, and the tears were in his eyes, -; you have but to ride through any village in Northumberland to see the hatred and contempt with which a Kadeliffe is re garded. Fie, Master Frank; you have been abroad so long that you know not the English heart. It may be, as you eay, that tie Catholics a; e excluded from civil rights. Is it not because it is belived that you love Pope first and King second? But it cannot t-9 that there is nothing for a Catholic gentleman to do.' ' Oh, yes,' he said bitterly, ' there is always something. I may go to Douay, and so presently come back with sb. iven crown, and. even be made eome day, if I am fortunate, a bishop in partibus.' All this was true. There were here three brothers rich in gifts and graces. The eldest should have been a great statesman, the second a great scholar, and the third a great soldier. Yet, because their ancestors presumptuously chose to remain in the old religion, when the people were ordered all to change for the new (because it is foolish to suppose that the country gentlemen and the very rustics and binds had wit and learning wherewith to argue for or against the Faith), they were condemned, they and their descendants, to idleness. Wherefore the eldest, who had the estates, the wealth, and the power, resolved on spending his life in good works and the advancement of the poor committed to his trust ; and the second became melancholy, and troubled himself about things hidden from mankind ; and the third —he was only a boy as yet — was going to become a Beau and to follow* all the pleasures of the town. Why, what a waste of gifts! And all for the Mass which stood between. 'As for my Lord,' said Tom, 'he is very well. He rides as straight as can be expected. His shooting will im prove, and no doubt he will presently learn to lay money on matches and fights, though atpreeeat he cares little about such sport. And as for Charles, it is a promising boy and well plucked. But as for Frank, he does nothing at all ; he will neither laugh, nor sing, nor drink, nor hunt — what is to be done with him ? Tony, he loves your company. Can you make nothing of him 'i Can you not even make him drink?' 'Indeed, sir,' said Mr. Hilyard, 'the English law opens to a young gentleman who is a Papist no opportunity at all for distinction. He must therefore either be made a priest or remain a sportsman. He has his choice between a s unt and a cockfiphter. Mr. Frank, though born to be a scholar, has little calling to the saintly profession, and none at all for oockfighting. So that, unless he change his disposition or his creed, he is likely to remain in hia present melan choly.' ' As for the cure of melancholy,' Mr. Hilyard went on, ' theie are many things enumerated by the learned Burton. Borage, for instance, or bugloss, of which Helena's famous bowl was made, after drinking which she felt no grief or remorse ; marigold, put into broth ; hop, which may be infused into ale, and taken by melancholy men. with much advantage ; betony, the root of which is sovereign for the causing of mirth; pennyroyal, wormwood, ani other herbs, any of which mav be taken by Mr. Francis without fear.' ' Give him,' said Tom, 'a bowl of punch after a d»y's hunting; make him dance after a pretty woman. A fig for all your herbs, and broths, and messes, Tony. Betony for the causing of mirth ! Why, then, to-night, instead of whisky punch you may have a mees of betony.' But Frank Radcliffe' s case was beyond the reach of herbs, and not even a bowl of punch would help —partly beciuse he could not drink punch. I spoke about him tojmy Lord, who owned that he could do nothing for his brother. ** There is among us a strain of melancholy. My uncle, Thomas Radcliffe, hath it, and cannot be cured, though he wears a chalcedony in a ring, and hath taken medicines of all kinds, both simple and mineral, yet none to cure him. I doubt not Frank will be like him. Yet it is a good sign that he sometimes leaves the library to ? come here. The law, of which he justly complains, is hard upon us all. Yot we cannot alter it by crying. The Jesuit Fathers made of him a great scholar, and wanted to make him one of themselves, and in the end a priest — nay, perhaps a Bishop, or even a Cardinal. Higher than that one need not look unless one is an Italian, when the Triple Crown itself of Christ's Vicar on earth is possi ble. It is long since we had a Bishop in the family, and a Cardinal never. But if Frank will not, he must content himself with haying such amusements as he can find for himself which will please a simple scholar and a private gentleman. He will grow wiser and merrier in time as he growsjilder. Meantime, we are as yet strangers in the country, and have much to learn. For the people are not like the people whence we have come ; the gentlemen are not like those at St. Germain; the ladies are not like those my mother (who hath never seen the North) taught me to expect — namely, hoops and patches, and courtesies and fine sayings, instead of Arcadian shepherdesses, and the charms of Nature— and fair Dorothy.' Alas ! to think that the melancholy'of this unhappy young gentleman was partly caused by so humble and so insigni ficant a person as my maid Jenny. Yet, strange as it seems, there is, in fact, no person in the world so humble and so ingignificant— not .'even a shepherd boy, a hind, a stable-help, a scullion— but lie can do mischief. The story how one was so desirous to achieve fame and bo helpless by himself, being dull of understanding and unlearned, that he was fain to fire and destroy the noblest temple in Asia Minor, the ruins of which remain to this day, and have been seen by travellers, is, I think, an allegory. 