MR. HEAPHY^ GHOST. Of all the remarkable stories of the alleged appearance of ghosts, none professing to ba actually true has ever surpassed that which the late well- known London artist—Mr. Heaphy—related some years ago in tha columns of " All the Year Round" as having occurred to himself. The whole story has recently been republished by the widow of the deceased artist. The series of ghostly visitations recorded below are alleged to have commenced in the month of September 18E8. An inaccurate ve rsion of the story was sent by a contributor to Dickens and was published in "All the Year Round," as one of the "Four Ghost Stories," Dickens supposing it at the time to be a fiction. Immediately after the publication the artist himself wrote to Dick, us, sent him the whole manuscript account of his experience, which Diukens acknowledged to be far superior in interest to the inaccurate versions which had appeared, and the true story was then published in the same well-known periodical. The following is the story told by the artist in his own words, a few unimportant passages which have nothing to do with the story itselt, having been eliminated in order to bring it within the compass of a newspanex article. Tho The"^t orh'cf ^nn.mor.nno by 1— s E g J that ^ the m0Jlth of S e p t e m' jSEf , , — Septemper, 1858 he left York by train to fulfil an engage ment at the further end of the country to paint the portraits of Mr. and Mrs. Kirkheck: " The day was cold, wet, foggy and every way as disagreeable as I have ever known a day to be in an English October. The carriage in which I was seated had no other occupant than myself, but at Doncaster a lady got in. My place was back to the engine and next to the door. As that is considered the ladies' seat, I offered it to her; she, however, very graciously declined it and took the corner opposite, Baying, in a very agreeable voice, that she liked to feel the breeze S Fon her S cheek. S B T m S The next few minutes were occupied in locating herself. Thero was the cloak to be spread under her, the skirts of the dress to be arranged, the gloves to be tightened, and such other trifling ar rangements of plumage as ladies are wont to make before sitting themselves comfortably at Church or elsewhere, the last and most important being the placing back over her hat the veil that concealed her features. I could then see that the lady was young, certainly not more than two or three and twenty; but being moderately tall, rather robus' make, and decided in expression, she mi^nt have been two or three years younger. I rappose that her complexion would be termed a medium one; her hair being of a bright brown or auburn, while her eyes, and rather decidedly marked eyebrows were nearly black. The colour of her cheek was that pale transparent hue that sets off to such advantage large, expressive eyes, and an equable, firm expression of mouth. On tha wholei the avsembU was rather handsome than beautiful, her expression having that agreeable depth and harmony about it that rendered her face and features, though not strictly regular, infinitely more attractive than if they had been jnodelled upon the strictest rules of symmetry, It is no small advantage on a wet day and a dull, _ long journey to have an agreeable companion; one who can converse and whose conversation has sufficLsnt substance in it to make one forget the length and dreariness of the journey. In this respect I had no deficiency to complain of, the ladybeingdecidedly and agreeably con versa tionaLYVheii she had settled herself to her satisfaction she asked to be allowed to look at my Bradshaw, and not being a proficient in that difficult work, she requested my aid in ascertaining at what time the train passed through Retford again on its way back from London to York. The conversation turned afterwards on_ general topics, and, somewhat to my surprise she led it into such particular subjects as I might be supposed to be more especially familiar with; indeed, I could not avoid remarking that her entire manner, while ifr was anything but forward, was that of one who had either known me personally or by report. There was in her manner a kind of confidential reliancc when she listened to me that is not usually accorded to a stranger, and sometimes she actually seemed to refer to different circumstances with which I had been connected in times past. After about three-quarters of an hour s conversation the train arrived at Retford, where I was to change carriages. On my alighting and wishing her good morniag, sne made a slight movement of the hand, as if she meant me to shake it, and on my doing so she said, by way of adieu, " I dare say we shall meet again ;" to which I replied, "I hope we shall all meet again," and so parted, she going on the line towards London and I through Lincolnshire to A. The remainder of the journey was cold, wet. and dreary. I missed the agreeable conversation, and tried to supply its place with a book I had brought with me from York and the Time< newspaper, which I had procured at Retford. But the most disagreeable journey comes to an end at last, ana 5.30 in the evening found me at the termination of mine. A carriage was waiting for me at the station, where Mr. Kirkbeck was also expected by the same train, but as he did not appear it was concluded he would come by tne next—half an hour later; accordingly the carriage drove away with myself only. Tne family being from home at the moment and the dinner hour being 7,1 went at once to my room to unpack and to dress. Having completed these operations I descended to the drawing room. It probably wanted some time to the dinner hour, as the lamps were not yet lighted, but in their place a large blazing fire threw a flood of light into every corner of the room, and more especially over a lady who, dressed in deep black, was standing by the chimney-place warming a very handsome foot on the edge of the fender. Her face being turned away from the door by which I had entered I did not at first see her features. On my advancing into the middle of the rcom, however, the foot was immediately withdrawn, ana she turned round to accost me, when, to my profound astonishment, I perceived that it was none other than my companion in the railway carriage. She betrayed no surprise at seeing me. On the contrary, with one of those agreeable, joyous expressions that makes the plainest woman appear beautiful, Bhe accosted me with, *'I said we should meet again." My bewilderment at that moment almost deprived me of utterance. I knew of no railway or other means by which she could have come. I had certainly left her in a London train and had seen it start, and the only conceivable way in which she could have come was by going to Peterborough and then returning by a branch to A, a circuit of about ninety miles. As soon as my sur- ;>ri-e enabled me to speak, I said that I wished I had come by the same conveyance as herself. " That would hava been rather difficult," she rejoined. At this moment the rervant came in with the lamps, and informed me that his master had just arrived and would be down in a few minutes. The lady took up a book containing some engravings, and haviog singled one out (a portrait of Lady A ), asked me to look at it well and tell her whether I thought it like her. I was engaged trying: '"> get up an oDinioa when Mr. and Mrs. Ki, ibeck entered", andshaking me heartily by the hand, apologized for not being at home to receive me; the gentleman ended by requesting me to take Mrs. Kirkbeck in to dinner. The lady of the house having taken my arm, we marched on. I certainly hesitated a moment to allow Mr. Kirkbeck to pass on first with the mysterious lady in black, but Mrs. Kirkbeck not seeming to understand it, we passed on at once. The dinner party consisted of us four cily, we fell into our respective places at the table without difficulty* the mistress and master of the house at the top and bottom, tbe lady in black and myself on each side. The dinner passed much as ia usual on such occasions. I having to play the guest, directed my conversation principally. if not exclusively, to my host and hostess, and I cannot call to mina that I or any one else addressed the lady opposite. Seeing this, and remembering something that looked like a slight want of attention to hec on coming to the dining- room, I at once conshe seemed to appreciate both the beef ana the tart, as well as a glass of claret afterwards ; probably she had bad no luncheon or the journey had given her an appetite. The dinner ended, the ladies retired and after the usual port Mr. Kirkbeck and I joined them in tne drawing-room. By this - time, however, a much larger party had assembled. Brothers and sisters- in-law had. come in from their residences in the neighbourhood, and several children, with Misa- Hardwick, their governess, were also introduced to me. I saw at once that my snpp> sition as to the lady in black being the jovcrness was incorrect. After passing the time necessarily occupied in complimenting the children, m saying something to the different persons to whom 1 was introduced, I found myself again engaged in conversation with the lady of the railway carriage, and as the topic of the evening had referred principally - to portrait painting, she continued the subject— " Do you think you could paint my portrait?" the lady enquired. " Yes, I think I could if I had the opportunity. 1 "Now, look at my face well; do you think you should recollect my features ?" "Yes, I am sure I should never forgetyour features." " Of course, I might have expected yon to eay that; but do you think you could do zne from recollection !" " Well, if it be necessary I will try; but •can't you give me any sittings ?" "No, quite impossible: it could not be. It Is said that the print I showed you before (linnei is like me; do yon think so ?" "Not much," I replied j " it has not your expression. If you can give me one sitting It would be better than none." " No; I don't see how it could be." The evening being by this time pretty far -advanced ana the chamber candles being brought in, on the plea of being rather tired, «he shook me.heartily by the hand and wished me good night. My mysterious acquaintance caused me no small pondering during the night. I had never been introduced to her, I Had not seen her speak to any one during the entire evening—not even to wish them good night. How she got across the country was an inexplicable mystery. Then, why did she wish me to paint her from memory, and why could she not give me even one Bitting? Finding the difficulties of a solution to these questions rather increased upon me, I made up my mind to defer further consideration of them till breakfast time, when I supposed the matter would receive some eluciaation. The breakfart now came, but with it no lady in black. The breakfast over, we went to Church, came home to luncheon, and so on through the day, but still no lady, neither any reference to her. I then concluded that she mufct be some relative who had gone away early in the morning to visit another member of the family living close by. I was much puzzled, however, Dy no reference whatever being made to her, and finding no opportunity of leading any part of my conversation with the family towards the subject, I went to bed the second night more puzzled than ever. On the servant coming in in the morning, I ventured to ask him the name of the lady who dined at the table on the Saturday evening, to which he answered— "A lady, sir? No lady, only Mrs. Kirktieck, sir." "Yes, the lady that sat opposite me, dressed in black ?" " Perhaps Miss Hardwick, the governess, sir?" " No, not Miss Hardwick; she came down afterwards." "No lady as I see, eir." Oh, dear me, yes; the lady dressed in black that was m the drawing-room when I arrived, before Mr. Kirkbeck came home." The man looked at a e with surprise, as if he doubted my Banity, and only answered, "I never see any lady, sir," and then left. The mystery now appeared more impenetrable than ever. I thought it over in every possible aspect, but could come to no conclusion upon it. Breakfast was early that morning to allow of my catching the morning train to London. The same cause slightly hurried ns, and allowed no time for conversation beyond that having direct reference to the business that brought me there; so, after arranging to return to paint the portraits on that day three weeks, 1 made my adieux and took my departure for town. It is only neeessary for me to refer to my Eecond visit to the house in order to state that I was assured most positively, both by Mr. and Mrs. Kirkbeck, that no fourth person dined at the table on the Saturday evening in question. Their recollection was clear on the question, as they had debated whether they Bhould ask Miss Sard wick, the governess, to take the vacant seat, but had decided not to do so; neither could they recall to mi i d any such person as I described in the whole circle of their acquaintance. Some weeks passed. It was close upon Christmas. The light of a short winter day was drawing to a close, and I was seated at my table writing letters for the evening post. My back was toward the folding- doors leading into the room in which my visitors usually waited. I had been engaged some minutes in writing when, without hearing or seeing anything, I became aware that a person had come through the folding-doors, and was then standing beside me. I turned and beheld the lady of the railway carriage. Z suppose that my manner indicated that I was somewhat Btartled, as the lady, after the usual salutation, said, " Pardon me for disturbing you. You did not hear me come in." Her manner, though it was more quiet and subdued than I had known it before, was hardly to be termed grave, still less sorrowful. There was a change, but it was that kind of change only which may often be observed from the frank impulsiveness of an intelligent young lady to the composure and Belf-possefcsion of that tame young lady when she is either betrothed or has recently become a matron. She asked me whether I bad made any attempt at a likeness of her. I was obliged to confess that I had not. She regretted it much, as she wished one for her father. She had brought an engraving (a portrait of Lady M. A.) with her that she thought would assist me. It was like the one she had asked my opinion upon at the house in Lincolnshire. It had always been considered very like her and she would leave it with me. Then (putting her hand impressively on my arm ) she added she " really would be most thankful and grateful to me if I would do it"—and if I recollect rightly, she added—as much depended on it. Seeing she was so much in earnest I took up my sketch-book, and by the dim light that was still remaining began to make a rapid pencil sketch of her. On observing my doing so, however, instead of giving me what assistance she was able she turned away, tinder the pretence of looking at the pictures around the room, occasionally passing from one to another so as to enable me to catch & momentary glimpse of her features. In this manner I made two hurried but rather expressive sketches of her, which, being all that the declining light would allow me to do, I shut my book and she prepared to leave. This time, instead of the usual "Good morning," she wished me an impressively pronounced "Good-by," firmly holding rather than shaking my haud while she said it. I accompanied her to the door, outside of which sbe seemed rather to fade into the darkness than to pass through it. But I referred this impression to my own fancy. I immediately enquired of the servant why she had not announced the visitor to me. She stated that she was not aware there had been one, and that any one who had entered must have done so when she had left the street door open about half an hour previously, while she went across the road for a moment. Soon after the incident narrated above the artist found himself accidentally compelled to pass a night at Litchfield, the train which brought him there having arrived just too late to enable him to catch another one which started from the other end of the town for his destination. Mr. Hcaphy will now finish the story in his own words. This was the first time I had been in Litchfield, and while waiting for the tea it occurred to me how, on two occasions within the past six months, I had been on the point of coming to that very place, at one time to execute a small commission for an old acquaintance, resident there, and another to get the materials for a picture I proposed painting of an incident m the early life of Dr. Johnson. I should have come on each of these occasions had not other arrangements diverted my purpose and caused me to postpone the journey indefinitely. The thought, however, would occur to me—"How strange ! Here am I in Litchfield, by no intention of my own, though I have twice tried to get here and been balked." When I had done tea I thought I might as well writs to an acquaintance I had known Bome years previously and who lived in the Cathedralclose, askiDg him to come and pass an hour or two with me. Accordingly I rang for the Waitress, and asked— " Does Mr. Lute live in Litchfield ?" " Yes, sirr " Catbedral-close €l Fes, sir." " Can I send a note to him ?" " Yes, sir." I wrote the note saying where I was, and asking if he would come for an hour or two and talk over old matters. The note was taken; in about twenty minutes a person of gentlemanly appearance, and what might be termed the advanced middle age, entered the room with the note in his hand, saying that I had sent him a letter, he presumed by mistake, as he did not know my name. Seeing instantly that he was not the person I intended to write to, I apologized, and asked whether there was not another Mr, Lute living in Litchfield. " No, there was none other." " Ceitainly," I rejoined, " my friend must have given me his right address, for I had written to him on other occasions here. He was a fair young man; he succeeded to an estate in consequence of his uncle having been killed while hunting with the Quorn hounds, and he married about two years since a lady of the name of Fairbam." The stranger very composedly replied— _" You are speaking of Mr. Clyne: he did live in the Cathedral-close, but he has now gone away." The stranger was right, and in my "surprise I exclaimed— " Oh, dear ! to be sure, that is the name ; what could have made me address you instead ? I really beg your pardon; my writing to you and unconsciously guessing your name is one of the most extraordinary and unaccountable things I ever did. Pray pardon me." He continued very quietly— " There is no need cf apology; it happens that you are the very person I most wished to Bee. You are a painter, and I want you to paint a portrait of my daughter. Can you come to my house immediately for the purpose ?" I was rather surprised at finding myself known to him, and the turn matters had taken was so entirely unexpected I did not at the moment feel inclined to undertake the business. I therefore explained how I was situated, stating that I had only the next day and Monday at my disposal. He, however, pressed me so earnestly that I arranged to do what I could for him in those two days; and having put up my baggage and arranged other matters I accompanied him to his house. During the walk home he scarcely spoke a word, but his taciturnity seemed only a continuance of his quiet composure at the inn. On our arrival he introduced me to hia daughter Maria and then left the room. Maria Lute was a fair and decidedly handsome girl of about fifteen; her manner was, however, in advance of her years, and evinced that self-possession and, in the favourable sense of the term, that womanliness that is only seen at sucn an early age in girls that have been left motherless or from other causes thrown much on their own resources. She had evidently not been informed of the purpose of my coming, and only knew that I was to stay there for the night; she therefore n excused herself for a few moments that she might give the requisite directions to the servants as to the preparing my room. When t she returned she tola me that I should not see her father again that evening, the state r of his health having obliged him to retire i for the night; but she hoped I should be able l to see him some time on the morrow. In the f meantime, she hoped I would make myself quite at home, and call for anything 1 wanted. She herself was sitting in the drawing-room, o but perhaps I should like to smoke and take something; if so, there was a fire in the housekeeper's room, and she would oome and sit with me, as she expected the medical attendant every minute, and he would probably stay to smoke and take something. As the little lady seemed to recommend this course { I readily complied. 1 did not smoke or take anything, but sat down by the fire, when she immediately joined me. She conversed well apd readily, and with a command of language singular in a person so young. Without being disagreeably inquisitive, or putting any question to me, she seemed desirous of learning the business that had brcught me to the house. I told her that her father wished me to paint either her portrait or that of a sister of hers, if she had one. She remained silent and thoughtful for a moment, and then seemed to comprehend it at once. She told me that a sister of hers, an only one, to whom her father was devotedly attached^ died near four months previously; that her father had never yet recovered from the shock of her death. He had often expressed the moBt earnest wish for a portrait of her; indeed, it was his one thought; and she hoped, if something of the kind could be done, it would improve his health. Here she hesitated, stammered, and burst into tears. After a while she continued—" It is no use hiding from you what you must very soon be aware of. Papa is insane—he has been so ever since dear Caroline was buried. He says he is always seeing dear Caroline, and he is subject to fearful delusions. The doctor says he cannot tell how much worse he may be, and that everything dangerous, like knives or razors, is to be kept out of his reach. It was necessary you should not see him again this evening, as he was unable to converse properly, ana I fear the same may be the case to-morrow : but perhaps you can stay over Sunday, and I may be able to assist you in doing what he wishes. I asked whether they had any materials for making a likeness —a photograph, a sketch of anything else for me to go from. " No, they had nothing." "Could she describe her clearly? She thought she could, and there was a print that was very much like her, bnt she had mislaid it. I mentioned that with such disadvantages and in such an absence of materials I did not anticipate a very satisfactory result. 1 had painted portraits under snch circumstances, but their success much depended upon the powers of description of the persons who were to assist me by their recollection; in some instances I had attained a certain amount of success, but in most the result was quite a failure. The medical attendant came, but I did not see him. I learned, however, that he ordered a strict watch to be kept on his patient till he came again the next morning. Seeing the state of things, and how much the little lady had to attend to, I retired early to bed. The next morning I heard that her father was decidedly better; he had enquired earnestly, on waking, whether I was really in the house, and at breakfast time he sent down to say that he hoped nothing would prevent my making an attempt at the portrait immediately, ana he expected to be able to see me in the course of the day. Directly after breakfast I set to work, aided by such description as the sister coald give me. I tried again and again, but without success, or, indeed, the least prospect of it. The features, I was told, were separately like, but the expression was not. I toiled on the greater part of the day, with no better result. The different studies I made were taken up to the invalid, but the same answer was always returned—no resemblance. I had exerted myself to the utmost, and, in fact, was not a little fatigued by so doing—a circumstance that the little lady evidently noticed, as she expressed heiself most grateful for the interest she could see I took in the matter, and referred the unsuccessful result entirely to her want of powers of description. She also said it was so provoking! she had a priDt—a portrait of a lady, that was so like but it had gone—she had missed it from her book for three weeks past. It was the more disappointing, as she was sure it would have been of great assistance. I asked her if she could tell me who the print was of, as if I knew I could easily procure one in London. She answered Lady M. A. Immediately the name was uttered the whole scene of the lady of the railway carriage presented itself to me. I had my sketch-book in my portmanteau up stairs, and, by a fortunate chance, fixed in ft was the print in question, with the two pencil sketches. I instantly brought them down and showed them to Maria Lute She looked at them for a moment, turned her eyes full upon me, and said slowly and with something of fear in her manner, " Where did you get these ?" Then quicker, and without waiting for my answer, "Let me take them instantly to papa." She was awav ten minutes or more; when she returned her father came with her. He did not wait for salutations, but said, in a tone and manner I had not observed in him before, " I was right all the time; it was you that I saw with her, and these sketches are from her and from no one else. I value them more than all my possessions, except this dear child." The daughter also assured me that the print I had brought to the house must be the one taken from the book about three weeks before, in proof of which she pointed out to me the gum marks at the back, which exactly corresponded with those left on the blank leaf. From the moment the father saw these sketches his mental health returned. 1 was not allowed to touch either of the pencil drawings in the skttch-book, as it was feared I might injure them, but an oil picture from them was commenced immediately, the father sitting by me hour after hour directing my touches, conversing rationally, and indeed cheerfully, while ne did so. He avoided direct reference to his delusions, but from time to time led the conversation to the manner in which I had originally obtained the sketches. Hie doctor came in the evening, and, after extolling the particular treatment he had adopted, pronounced his patient decidedly, and he believed permanently, Improved. The next day being Sunday we all went to Church; the father for the first time since his bereavement. During a walk which he took with me after luncheon be again approached the subject of the sketohes, and, after some seeming hesitation as to whether he should confide in me or not, he said— " Your writing to me by name from the inn at Litchfield was one of those inexplicable circumstances that I suppose it is impossible to clear up. I knew you, however, directlyl saw you: when those about me considered my intellect was disordered, and that I spoke incoherently, it was only because I saw things that they did not. Since her death I know with a certainty, that nothing will ever disturb, that at different times I have been in the actual and visible presence of my daughter that is gone—oftener, indeed, just after her death than latterly. Of the many times that this has occurred I distinctly remember once seeing her in a railway carriage speaking to a person sitting oppo- . site; who that person was I could not ascertain, as my position seemed to be immediately behind him. I next saw her at a dinnertable, with others, unquestionably, I saw yourself. I afterwards learned that at that time I was considered to be in one of my longest and most violent paroxysms, as I continued to see her speaking to you, in the midst of a large assembly, for some hours. Again I saw her standing by your side, while you were engaged either in writing or drawing. I saw her once afterwards, but the next time I saw yourself was in the inn parlour." The picture proceeded with the next day, and on the day after the face was completed, and afterwards 1 brought it with me to London to finish. I have often seen Mr. L. since that period; his health is perfectly re-established, and his manner and conversation are as cheerful as can be expected within a few years of so great a bereavement. The portrait now hangs in his bedroom, with the print and the two sketches by the side, and written beneath is:—"C. L., 13th September, 1858, aged twenty-two." The story is told of a New Bedford clergyman, now dead, v?ho was asked by an Irishman to marry him. " Why, Pat," said the clergyman, " what have you to come to me for 7 Why don't yon go to the Catholic priest ?' " I've been to him, yer honour," Faid Pat, "and he told me to go to the devil, and , I've come." 