PBESBYTERIAN CHURCH ANNI VERSARY SERVICES. The Anniversary Services of the Pres byterian Church were held on Sunday aud Tuesday, May 18 and t20. On Sunday, two eloquent sermons were preached by the Rev. J. Maclntyre, minister of Good wood Church. The congregations were large and listened with earnest and appre ciative attention to the utterances' of the Minister. In the evening the Church was crowded, not only with ihe regular cougregation, but with representatives of other churches, and the Congregational Church was closed on account of the occasion. On T-iesday, a soclii tea followed by 11 meeting for the adherents and friends of the Church were held. There was a large gathering, who did ample justice to the good things provided. After the tea, a meeting was inaugu rated, the minister of the Church, the Rev. J. Gordon occupying the chair. After the 100th Psalm had been sung, and the Kev. J. Mclntyre ha I engaged in prayer, the choir sang- very nicely one of Sankey's pieces. Thr- T?-?v .T Onr/Inn oqU fli..i if- ir-in — »?-* »~w . . v . *« w& Mwit wn^vi Vlinb &k; II 110 now 22 years ago since he had entered upon his ministrations at tliat Church, aud looking bacic over the p^st, he could not but feel much of sadness. It was sad to think that so many who had met with them there had passed away — many by the hands of death, ami others had removed, some to different puts of the Colony and others to other colonies or distant iands. He could almost count upon his fingers those who remained of the first adherents. All however was not gloomy, for there had been gleams of light amid much shadow. One was led to ask, on looking over past history, was it the normal condition of the Church I lie thought that history should be one of progress aud prosperity. He thought that one reason of the apparent want of progress was the fact that it was not suffi ciently recognised lhat a Jiving Christ not only founded but reigned over His Church. When the clouds were drawn between the Church and Christ, then it was weak ; but when they recognised their Living Head they would be more than conquerors. On retiring from the Moderator's chair, he reviewed some facts that he thought pointed out the poor results. He would now point out to that particular congre gation some matters that he thought would secure for them prosperity and pro givsj. They were 1st, a consecrated minister ; 2nd. a spiritual Church ; 3rd, missionary zeal ; and, 4tb, prayer for the Holy Spirit. Aud lirst he had no right to cxpsct success unless he was consecrated t-) the work taken in baud. They must remember all demands made on the minister were not reasonable. They muft not expect the best of sermons on every occasion, nor could they justly expect him to pay A-eekly visits, nor be at the head of every movement. A Christian minister might be consecrated and yet have a li tie amusement, and he could understmd their taking an interest in gardening, music, etc., acd yet be intensely iu earnest iu the Master's work. All his efforts should show that he sought not yours but you, and that he was in deep sympathy with Christ and the souls around, lie (Mr. Gordon) cast himself on their sympathy and prayers that 'Jod would help him to attain the success so much desired. The Church should be a spiritual Church. Not merely respect for Church ordinations should be shown, but the worship should be for edification. Many came for g°ol sermons, some for the splendid ritual, others as a matter of custom, or respect for public opinion or worldly advancement. They should really come to expect spiritual good, and if they could not get th-? best of bread let them be satisfied with the brown loaf. Let them not forget missionary zeal, and that as members they had pledged themselves to do their utmost for the welfare of the Church. The Reverend gentleman then alluded to the fact that that was the only Presbyterian Church iu the colonies that had sent forth a missionary, an able man to the South Sea Islands. With respect to prayer for the Holy Spirit : If they worked in harmony-. with spiritual lavs, they mu3t succeed. He asked them to be a praying people, praying as rational men for the outpouring of the Spirit, and pray ing earnestly for the blessing of God, as God was true, that blessing they would have. He asked them to attend the monthly and the Sunday morning Prayer meetings, and at the very least private prayer. The Rev. ge&tleman; concluded by saying he was glad to see them there, and he hoped the present meeting would mark the commencement of a new era in their history. Mr. A. Mitchell then real the following report and financial statements which were adopted :— The retiring committee in completing their term of office, and presenting the annual report regret that it is uot so encouraging as they had reason to expect at the beginning of the current year. Although the harvest, 1883-4, was much better for the colony generally, this has been the case for three or four years previous, still our own district did not participate in the general blessings, this couple-! with the almost unpr«*een-lted low prices ruling for our sample produced has not improved the state of finances, aud it is with regret we have to report a deficiency between our receipts and ex penditure of £30. You will sec that this is not as it should be, and unless some effort is made ti increase our receipts we shall sneeilily have a large overdraft at the b.mk. The mortgage of £300 on the church property falling due in June last, the uounuittje cons-.ilted the trusees as to the best course to b j taken, with the result iliat the mortgage li.is not been renewed. The mortg-i^ue is willinjr to take whit we can p.iy n!E this year. la connection with this the Committee beg to report that an eff.iri was made to clear the debt ami subscriptions are already opened to to the amount of £195 (is. .-mt ili« Cuu. uiittee trust that during the cusuiusr year all will be paid off in two instalments tho first on May 1, 1884, and the remainder in Alay, 1885. We believe it is a characteristic of Presbyterians and Scotch Presbyterians in particular, that where it is necessary, they aro not inclined to be in the rear when appealed to, to give of their substance to the cause of the church, and going to the *' Fountain of Wisdom ' we find these words ' Honor the Lord with thy substance and with the firstfruits thine shall increase. So shall thy barns be filled with plenty and thy presses shall burst out with new wine.' Therefore if all give as the Lord has given to them, we may expect a more healthy and encourag ing report when the next anniversary shall have come round. We have to report lhat after consulting with the ladies we followed out the custom of the last three years of haying a. social tea instead of a public meeting. It was held in the Oddfellow's Hall and passed off to the satisfaction of all. A collection made during the evening to defray expenses realised £10. The collections received at the Anniversary Services on May 22nd amounted to £35 ??. 74 d. being an advance of over £8 ««n I - o .'. ?= collections. In conclmlin ; .vl; .::: .. ui_. cj:i»iv Ration will give our successors substantial assistance to enable them to carry on tho affairs of the church. The balance-sheet showed that flio rnnainic in/Vitif^rtinr KiIaiiaa *!??«* ts\ tVu* bank «n the 1st May, 1884, had been £*3G1 12s. Ml. and the expenditure to £358 3s. 3d.' With respect to the extension of the mortgage he remarked that the amount raised was from a few, but they had not made a general canvas. He also stated that the proceede of the anni versary was about £11 short of last year and concluded by asking the congregation to take more interest in the proceedings of the committee even though it should be to find faults. Mr. .1. Thomson then read the Sunday School report : — In placing the annual report -if the Sunday-school before you this evening, the Teachers desire to humbly offer their thanks to God for the blessing He has bestowed upon them and their work. While there has been no increase in numbers still we teel thankful that there has not been any great decrease, The number on the Boll is Boys 25 ; Girls 42 ; Total 67. Teachers ou the Roll, Lidies 7; Gentlemen 4 ; Total, 11. Average at tendance,— Boys, 20 ; Girls, 35 ; Total 55. Teachers — Ladies, 6 ; Gentlemen, 3; Total, 9\. The School has collected £8 15s. (»d. during the past year for the ' Dayspring Mission Funds- ' The amount on hands to the credit of the Sunday School is £3 0s. 5d. The school sustained a loss by the removal of some of the teachers during the year. First, Mr. Bassett who occupied the posi tion of assistant librarian in addiiton to that of teacher and was a very regular attendant, had to resign in consequence of his removal from the town. Latterly Miss Shaw also had to resign for a similar reason. The teachers were exceedingly sorry to lose 'the assistance of this lady's valuable service. For 5 years she had been a most active worker for the school and was invariably found in her place at the meetings of the teachers and in tbe school. When leaving the teachers presented her with an album as a taken of their esteem and le^ard and she carried away tlie best wishes of the whole school. Miss Cliallen's resignation through ill health was received wiih great regret. She had worked in a quiet thorough earnest way and received the heart felt sympathy aud thanks of her fellow teachers on her forced retirement. It has been the custome during the year, viz : at the anniversary, but during the past year this was departed from, a tea meeting was held in June at Sunny Bank School-roam (kindly lent for the occasion, by Misses Rudall & Gordon) which proved a most enjoyable treat for the scholars. One difficulty we find, which we believe is also found in many other Sabbath-schools) is the keeping of of the boys in the school, after they reach the age of 15 or thereabouts. Special efforts have been put forth to attai.i this desired end ; but without success in some instances. We think the parents might help us in this matter by a little judg ment and care in counselling their sons ; and, whatever service, however small, will be gratefully received by the teachers. We would ask the members of the congre gation to remember our humble efforts in tlieir prayers, and we trust and pray that God will bless us during the coining year. He said since that report had been written Miss Challen had gone to receive her reward. Mr. Thomson then spoke of school work and said that there was much diversity of opinion with reference to Bible reading in State Schools even among clergymen, but-there were many present who had got their education in schools where the Bible was read and he failed to see that they were any the worse for it. Teicheis ii the Sunday-school had their many and severe trials, but these they endured for they looked to the '' Master and saw his patience and endu rance, and that strengthened them. ' ' He recommended the young men to enter upon Church work ; they could all do a little ; and at the end of their time they would hear the Master say, ' Well done.' They should give their be3t energies for one who had kid down His life for them. Some delayed the matter to the future, giving the best of their energy and youth to please themselves, and, by-and-bye, when settling down give their last feeble efforts to the cause . They could all help in various ways. The following members of Committee were then elected: — Messrs. A Mitchell (Treasurer), John Thomson (Secretary), J F Martin, J Arthur, J Winton, J Stirling J Sharp, 1) Thomson, It Thomson, 1) McMillan and W J Sharp. After the choir had again sang, the col lection was taken. Rev. J. Maclntyre said Jthat that was the first social tea he had attended In this colony. At home there was a regular season for such gatherings, but 1-ere th.. season seemed t» be all the year ronnd. Mr Gordon had given him a subject on which to address them— ' The \oung Men.' There were great varieties of young men, and cne crabbed old philosopher, Carlyle, had said that from 12 to 25 was a detest able a^e and they should all be barred out until the latter age was reached. He thought if such was the case! Mr. Martin would miss much at the foundry and trulv the young ladies would miss tl-em (laugh ter). There w:** a large amount of mo tive power in young men but it required a skilled hand to guide. The church was slow to learn the value of that power, and but a very few years ago the church wag solely managed byjold men. buwe, how ever, the young had been admitted the church had iucreaBed fourfold. He could, speak of the value of prayer to tne young by hia own experiences. He would re mind the young men that tlieir seniors were passing away and going to hand over their work to them. He was afraid that the Australian bom were shirking their work ; he was ashamed when he found they had to send home for ministers whenthej had young men that should take the work themselves. They made doctors and lawyers of their sans and why not ministers ? Before that work could be commenced there must be decision for Christ without tbat the church would be better without them — with that they had the sympathy- of Christ. them. — Rev. Walter Jones Baid he was pleased to find himself for the first time on this platform ; it was an evidence of Christ ianity. He envied Mr. Gordon the fine staff of young men he had around him with such a staff the church should go forward. Working fo r Christ was a joy and -* -in working for the church they felt they were working for Him. In prosecuting this work they should remember the lofty companions they had about them— God himself, Christ his beloved son, and God the Holy Ghost — perpetually in the world. He spoke to all as members of God's great Church. ' Be true, I have done much for you what haaf thou done for me.' Mr. Jones concluded an able address by wish ing every prosperity to the church. The choir having again sang, Mr. Iln'mrt Thomson proposed a vote of tli. :!.!;* to ihe retiring committee. He i.i ?ii.jlit they had carried out their work well and lie hoped that the incoming committee would be as successful. Mr. J. F. Martin propossd a vote of thanks to the choir. He asked for a hearty vote as they were much indebted to them. Air. J. Thomson moved a vote of thanks to the ladies for their kind assistance in carrying ont the tea. They could not do without them. Mr. Winton seconded. Mr. Wainrjght returned thanks on be half of the choir. The doxology having been sung and the benediction fpronounced a very pleasant ' evening was brought to a close. 