THE IEISEriTATlONAl, LEAGUE FUNDS, To the Editor. Sir; — The Ereneh nobles of the pre-revolnfaonary period are said to have received Voltaire's -warning ?with laughter ;'but; as Carlyle 'soMewhete cytrically says, their skins went to bind the second edition of Voltaire's book. However well-deserved such swift and terrible punishment may be, I should be sorry to be the medium of bringing it . down' upon any individual; but I may gently hint to be 'mug- wumps' who have one way or another absorbed the cash subscribed for Ireland in these colonies, that it may be dangerous to burk investigation into this matter. It will not do to reply to the charges by whispering away the character of the writer of these letters, or by misrepresenting his motives. Even if that character -were not above being permanently eullied by treacherous defemation ; were these motives not ljeyond the reach of the scoun drelly, suggestio ? fc&si;, the charges would remain, strong in their integrity and invincible in &eir; truth. They would still haunt the wretches- who are afraid to face them, as ghosts whom no mummery can lay, who cannot be shook off by trickery, or escaped by device. My personality is nothing. Who I am, what I did or what I. failed to do, why I do this or neglect to do that, has absolutely luitJiinB' -fcn Act -with t.he charges which I lav at the door_«f _.at_least two of the principals in the Irish twitatian in Australia. Henry Graftan once said Viat'ihere- were some -charges too grave to be left un answered, -wherein ' the insignificance of the accuser ?was lost in. the magnitude of the accusation..' The patriot ?vrhoenjoyed the confidence of his country as Scarcely man has ever held a people' s confidence before teemed himself not too strong to stoop to refute a slander ; ' and yet the pitiful jparyenues of our day, ?fcha irresponsible nobodies who lived by their wits until they succeeded in burrowing their way to the granaries of the Land League, think they can hold , public-confidence by copying Ajaz, and by impugning 1 the motives of those whose poverty impels them to cry out. Verily, the philosopher who asiomed that ' Silence is golden' must have foreseen the priceless \- -value which his Trunriim would have for those who meant to appropriate the gold subscribed to feed the f ftTnigTiing jrir Trpln.-nf? Were I a physical and mental Goliath, my personality ought surely to be lost in the magnitude of my accusation. The human mind can conceive no worse crime than that of the wretch who ' sells the pass' in the hour of danger or of. difficulty, and to trace the kinship between such an offence and that of treasonable malfeasance requires no mind of extraordinary power. It may be, of course, that the 'patriots'lto whom I refer are awaiting recovery from tnepanic into which they have_ been fanned by the remorseless purpose evident in these letters. Or perhaps the scattered literary talent of the league H- is converging towards one Herculean effort, and that from the teeming brains of its brace of secretaries — Arcades ambo! — will shortly issue a fulmination wherein Eory O'Moire and Lindley Murray will both be ruthlessly demolished! If so, I have no objection to stay proceedings for awhile ; but I.warn all concerned that silence will not save them exposure. Having put my hand to this -work, I shall not withdraw until I have turned the light of day into the darkesfcorners of the corrupt edifice whiciii: has so long sheltered rascality. In my last letter I tried to clear away some of the obstructions which meet any Irishman who attempts re form within his own ranks. I tried to show that toleration of treachery or dishonesty because of a' fear that exposing them would injure the cause of Ireland, was the surest way to breed trouble and to hasten a climax of criminality, a culmination of dis graceful exposures suchashaveperiodically Bullied the, faTiTinlg of Ireland. Irishmen will never take to hearA ks they ought the truth embodied in Dr. Johnson's famous works, that 'patriotism is often the last refuge of a scoundrel.' It is sad to have to admit that men, in other things shrewd, intelligent, and clever, will accept as a sort of uncanonised saint tiny fellow who comes to them with professions of patriotism on his lips. It matters not that his heart fejas black .as hell itself; it matters not that Mb countenance — that index of the soul — speaks force fully of his infamy; it availeth little tb&t; his whole life has been a long record of treacheries ingratitudes, and broken promises — all is forgotten ftrremembered onlybythe few, should the wcetchbe in addition hypocrite enough to pose as a patriot. {Surely such 'simple faith,' which with -3rery eon is 'more than Norman blood,' has never 'been paral leled in any country in the world. The man who, coming on any other -errand, would be scouted ; who would not be trusted further than he could be per sonally' watched, is feasted, flattered, and fawned upon because he comes in the name of Ireland ! If the English nation wanted signal proof, of its mis inanagemen.t'of Ireland, this unhappy anomaly supplies it.. And, indeed, the day in which England -wil resolve to abolish Irish agitators (wheh can only bto done with certainty when she gives Ireland fojl justice) will be a day which 'might fittingly form the commencement of a new epoch of national life, for it can be said with bitter truth that of all the evils to Ireland made necessary by the past, and pre sent action of the rulers of England, that of tie paid and kept agitator is incomparably the worst. , I fear 3£ have digressed too much from the main point which £ have in view, bnt my purpose is to clear the ground for the general engagement, and disabuse the mivads Of many good Irishmen of the idea that I am during epmething- forbidden by the canons of justice, or by the'sttictest principles of patriotism. If either of these or any.' other consideration worthy of a. moment's thonght stood in the way of thiF^rposnra, it 'Would never be penned. But I conceive myself as honestly bound to discharge this duty, as ever yet was an individual ^und to a good and holy purpose. Uiaye likened my duty to that of a ^brgeon probing a -vital part for a bullet, or plueking-'by its roots the -}&neeroussbre; -which endangers a human'liSe.Idon©* think 'the. simile an unfaithful or in any way ah, exaggerated one. The evil which I wonjed eradicate i$ a mortal one, and, if allowed to take' firm foot JniMt eventually destroy that hr-althy, active eynipathy with their countrymen cherished by W .Irish people of Australia. ft- affairs wer^ permitted to go on, as I know thev have been goin/' on,«ome day a big discovery wOuld be made ^ then, fayewell for ever to the oonfidenee which, the people should have in those JJb whom funds are en trewted.. Itjs better to show the Irish people at once that there are men who, afA any risk to themselves,; ?wttl^enounee dishonesty. - I am aware the task & not a pleasant one, but nether is that of the surgeon. Jamawa^ethat it is o^iite possible the feelings of many estimable and ktadiy Irish people will bThurt bj ' thege revelations ; hut, with the surgeon, I musV inflict pain if I am txr save life. I know that two rf 2'»9 patnots q/^Hfied themselves for natioia treachery by privaV, individual treachery of the r*os unforgivable king1 . and j understand, further, -that theyquaufaed thf jmselves for national malfeasa- jV.e bv laxities of whifA} unhappily, I lack direct aj4d con clusive proo£/ I. regret that I should ^e so closely approach ad the termination of th*s letter ^*°?nt ievng abie to go more fully into the .minuti^ ot tne i eliairges wjiich I have made. I thij^fc however thafthcee wl-^ have followed me wil1. not deem the K&ivssitm; unnecessary, and to give a fapid sketch ofi the progress -of the Land League and '.National League movements/ and to ' show up ' -^he balanoe-sheets ^o called^ which have been -already published. ? Jrou»3,&r;,;; -^ ? ( EOBT OWEE. 