JACOBI'S WIFE. BY ADELINE SERGEANT, Author of " Her Wort in Life," " Beyond Recall, a Story of the Egyptian War," etc., &c.; CHAPTER XXXHI. THE FUGITIVES. snared JNigel Xremame was so utterly unprep: for this communication that his only source lay in keeping silence. He looked quietly and gravely into the face of the woman who declared herself to be Jacohi's wife, and wondered to himself whether he was dreaming, or whether she was mad. And as she met his gaze, cold, questioning, perhaps even a little severe, the impassioned lire died out of her large dark eyc9, her arms sank to her side; she uttered a weary sigh, almost like a low moan, and seated herself ; once more, with listlesB hands hanging down, and pale averted face. She had donned a widow's cap siuce her return from the shop ping expedition that she liad planned; its white outline singularly changed the cha racter of her face, to Nigel's mind; he could hardly reconcile its hopeless sadness with the energy, the determination, the quiet cheer fulness that she had shown him all the even ing. " You do not speak," she said at length in bitter tones. " What do you think of my communication ? Have you no word of pity for the woman who calls herself hits wife? Nigel was collecting his scattered thoughts. He was standing; ho placed one knee on the seat of a chair behind him, and grasped the back of it with his hand. Then he spoke deliberately. " If that is the case, you must have had very strong reasons for not immediately making the fact public. Why have you kept silence all this while ?" "That iB my business," she said, without looking at him. " It seems to me to be my business too," said Nigel. He paused a little, knitting his brows as the thought of various past events recurred to his memory. " You could have stopped the persecution of Clarice at any moment," he said. "Yes.5' "But you allowed matters to come to this pass. You lived in the Vanboroughs' house and saw your husband" He stopped and looked at her. She finished the sentence for him. ." I saw him prepare to marry Clarice Van borough. What did it matter ? I knew that he could not marry her. I let him amuse himself. When the time came I meant to declare myself, and not before." " And meanwhile Clarice lived in an agony of dread? Did you feel no regret for the torture she was undergoing I Did you never think it would be only common humanity to tell her the truth ?" " 1 did my best," she said in the calm and even tone that she always employed when no emotion troubled her. "I gave her a hint. I told her she would be safe, that I would sec that the marriage never took place—for I pitied her when I knew that she was unhappy—but I suppose she did not trust me. She consented to the engagement on the ground of my promise; but as time went on I daresay the strain became too great for her. 1 thought her merely weak and nervous, until it was too late to explain matters. She could not understand. Then I let things take their course." ' He did not speak. " You think I was cruel?" she said, looking at him for the first time with some wonder. " Yes." His tone was sombre, and a very dark frown rested ou his brow. His cyeB were bent upon the floor. "I did not mean to be cruel," said the woman who was Jacohi's wife, in a curiously indifferent way. "She was sane enough before that midnight flight to the Darenths, which I never fully understood." " What was that ?" She told him in a few words all she knew concerning Clarice's escape to the Hillside Farm. Darker and darker grew his face as she continued; more and more stern his brow. But he did not move nor speak; and Madam Vallor (as she may now be called) went on quietly to the end of her story. " It is since that night," she concluded, " that Clarice has not been herself." Nigel moved now. Every trace of colour had left bis face as he reared himself up to his full height and said decisively— "There must be an end of this. I will no more consent to leave her in the power of a person who could see her suffer and refuse to help her than I would have left her to the if nder mrrciesof Sir Wilfred and his sou and of—of—Constantine Jacobi himself. He hesitated before introducing her hus band's name; bat did not look one whit less resolute than before. " Every one of the arguments that yon used against her living with her father or her brother might be used against her living with you." And then he paaed up ana down the room once or twice; a sign that he was strongly moved. " I was too hasty." he said. Madame Vallor raised ber eyes from her lap, and regarded him with a mixture of surprise and interest. She was not offended; a slight smile even had curled her lips as she listened to his words. "You mean," she said, " that you think I would let her suffer now ? You are mis-. taken." " Hew?" "Think of my position, Mr. Tremaine. I have had to bear great wrongsatmy husband's hands; I have borne them mostly in silence. But for the last seven years I have chosen to watch over him andhis doings, and thwart him in his projects whenever! had an opportunity. Many a time he has fancied himself at the height of prosperity; and then a touch came — a rumour was raised—a question asked—and his prosperity crumbled away into dust. It was I who worked him the evil. He has never known; never suspected. I think that he really doeB not know that I am living. I have followed him from place to place; tracked him from country to conn try like an avenging fate. I am his fate? He will not eseape me. I lost him awhile in South America: and for a time I gave up the pursuit. I was ill and miserable; 1 resolved to seek out my mother's relations at Chamwood. I came; they were good. They cured me of my illness, almost of myheart sickncss. And while I stayed with them at the Hillside Farm I found that he, my hus band, had come to Charnwood too, ana had taken up his abode at the Vanboroughs'house. Then I knew that 1 was not to cease from my work. Then I knew that my time had come. Then I knew that God had delivered my enemy into my hand." There was a long silence. Nigel waited for her to speak; but she, with crossed hands and dreamy eyes, seemea to be looking into worlds he could not recognise. At last he asked a question, "How did you introduce yourself into Sir Wilfred's house?'' " I heard thrft a companion was wanted— I placed myself in his way. I used the dis guise in which you first saw me. Let me continue my story. When I came to Charn wood Manor, what was Clarice Vanborough to me ? A tool, a puppet, an instrument of Jmnishment for him. I had no interest in ler—no interest in any member of the Van borough family. I was cruel to her, perhaps, for when Bhe stood in my way by her resis tance to her father's plans, I resolved to crush ber. I thought she was proud and weak; I hated her pride, despised her weakness; but on the whole I thought of her less as an in dividual than as a link in the chain of events by which I meant to punish him. I meant to let them stand together at the altar; then to expose him publicly, and brand him with infamy and shame. What was it to me whether a girl of nineteen—a poor, slight thing, that one could crush like a butterfly— were driven into a madhouse or not? No woman could be made to suffer oue tithe of the wrong that I have suffered; and yet I—I am not mad!" Bhe spoke fiercely, but with a certain self restraining power which redeemed her words and manner from the charge of wildness. Nigel looked at her as ho might have looked at some half-tamed animal in a cage; bnt he did not speak. Suddenly the fiery light died out of ber I eyes; the lines of her face relaxed; her voice | grew soft. | "I thought so until last October, and then I changed my mind." "Why?" "I was anxious as ever for his jiunishment; hut I resolved not to wreak my vengeance upon the Vanboroughs as well as upon him. The Vanboroughs had a claim upon me. Geoffrey Vanborough had a claim upon me. For his sake especially I tried to spare his sister. I did not know that there was any reason against his returning to England when I wrote the letter that brought him home. I waited and waited aud thought you would never come. On th?t wedding morning I was close beside you, ready to declare myself. I did not want to do so, but I made my pre parations. And then you came. You stopped the marriage. I had no need to speak." " What was your motive for altering your nlans ?" " I cannot tell you. It was no unworthy motive, and it still exists. I am Clarice s friend—Geoffrey's friend. Clarice is safer in my hands than in those of anybody else." " And you sacrificed her happiness without remorse? "I brought you home," said Madame Vallor, steadily. "Indirectly I stopped the marriage. I was kind to her. She is fond of me now, as you may sec. I did not expect that anxiety and suspense would have so Dad an effect upon her health. I do not see what else I was hound to do." " At any rate, let the suspense end here. Let the matter be cleared up at once." "No," said Madame Vallor." " You say no?" "I say no." Quiet, motionless, self-contained, she sat in her high-backed chair, her hands crossed before her in her lap, her fine profile strongly defined across the dark red curtainB that were drawn across the window behind her, her beautiful eyeB absently fixed upon the glowing coal in the grate. It was with a thrill of impatience, almost of anger, that Nigel recognised the fact that this woman was impervious alike to argument and to entreaty—that, after choosing her own line of action and following it for seven years, she was not likely to change it because the for tunes of one frail girl, or even of an entire family, were involved. She acknowledged that she had been hard and cruel to Clarice, hut she acknowledged it apparently without remorse. If it suited her interests, would she not he cruel and hard again ? Madame Vallor was quick to read his thoughts. "You cannot go back," she said, looking at him when the pause had lasted for a minute or two, " you will make matters far worse if yon were to change now?" " Suppose 1 were to inform Sir Wilfred of the facts which I have just heard?" Madame Vallor smiled easily. " You would not betray a woman's secrets without her consent," she said. " That would be dishonourable. I have trusted you. I do not suppose that you ore unworthy of my confidence. "An unsought confidence, Madame Jaeobi," " You had better not call me by that name," she said tranquilly, though the tremor that ran through her whole frame when she heard the word seemed to show that its utterance had hurt her like the striking of a blow. " Mv husband's true surname is Vallor. But you know that here we might be overheard. It is alwayB better to be careful. You need rot call me by any name when we are alone." She concluded with the faintest possible ghost of a smile, " In public I am Mre. Wilson, and your aunt.'" " Pardon me if I wounded you; I ought not perhaps to have nsed that name," said Nigel, with some abatement of the bitterness of his tone. " But I am not sure how much longer this device should be concealed. I am quite sure now that perfect frankness would have served our cause much better." " You are like all young people—you think no cause so precious as your own. Are there no interests but yours and Clarice Van borough's to be considered? And, like all men, you are ungrateful. I may not have saved her in the best way, but I have saved her—and for you." " Certainly vou have." " And now I will give you a word of warn ing. If you say I am Jacobi's wife before the day when I give you leave tosay so, I have no Bcruple of conscience to prevent my denying every word that I have said to you to-night. The proofs of my marriage cannot be produced by any one but me. Your friend, Burnett Lynn, may have been deceived. Jacobiwill Bwear that he never saw me in his life before. And supposing that the charge dies down in that way, what would you do ? You would have placed Clarice in the hands of her worst enemies, and all your efforts would not have saved her from Jacobi's clutches. I dare you to say a word more than I tell vou to say.' " In short," said Nigel, gravely, "you mean to threaten me?" Her face softened as it had softened once before. "Oh, no," she said, "I have not the slightest wish to threaten you. Why are we not friends ? I am trying to save Clarice too. I do not want to see her suffer." Nigel's own tones were softer as he said— " Will you not even give me the satisfac tion of knowing why you do not declare yourself ?" "I cannot," she said seriously. "You shall know some day. Wait—till Geoffrey Vanborough is better—or at least able to speak : and then I may be able to help you more. "And in the meantime I am to leave Clarice with you ?" His decision hung on a thread. Should he take Clarice back to her friends and let her run further danger to life and reason from Sir Wilfred and Jacohi; or should he trust her to the care of Jacobi's wife in an obscure London lodging? Bisks either way; which were the ones he ought rather to incur? Her next words determined his choice. She rose and came towards him, looking him full in the face with a singularly grave and earnest expression. " Believe me," she said, " I will be true to her and to you. Believe me, that I will care for her as though—as though she were my own child; yest as though she were the little child I left buried in Bight of the great ocean seven years ago. 1 swear to you by all that you hold most dear and holy that no harm shall come to her if I can avert it. Trust her to me. God knows that I will do my best to five her back to you safe and unhurt, even Bay it again—even as though she were my own child whom I had once more to protect from Constantine Vallor's cruelty." " I will trust you," Baid Nigel, more moved by the passionate pathos of her tones than she could tell. He bad heard sufficient of her story to understand the allusion to that little grave upon a sea-beat, wind-swept, distant shore, and guessed that her reference to it gavet in her eyes, peculiar sacredness to the promise she was making. "Iam sure ou will care for her—I am sure you will not let her come to harm. I am sorry I seemed to doubt you." He hela out his hand. He had spoken with an effort, but his sincerity was evident. Madame Vallor cast one glance at his face, a little less calm than usual, and began to utter some reply. " You are very good" These were the only words he could distinguish, for sud denly Bhe caught his band in both bcrs, pressed her lips to it, and then burst into a passion ot silent sobs. Burying her face in her handkerchief she hurried from the room, and for some time he saw her no more. Had ho been wise or not ? he asked him self. Had he sacrificed Clarice or saved her? He believed in his soul that he had done well. Madame Vallor—or Mrs, Wilson, as they had decided to call her—came back in an hour's time, and ordered some sort of evening meal for Ins benefit. She herself hardly touched a mouthful, but spoke and moved with her usual quietness of manner. It seemed as if she wished her past agitation to he forgotten, "You will go away to-morrow," she said, before they separated for the night. " To-morrow 1" he said, his face falling a little. "Why so soon?" " You must be seen as usual. You ought not to have stayed here to-night. You must show yourself in all your accustomed habits and occupations, for you are sure to be sus pected, and possibly questioned." " No one has a right to question me." "You will be followed. You must not come here again for a week." "I suppose you are right," he Baid, with a sigh. " You must remember how anxious I am to see her; how little I have been with her of late. But, of course, 1 must not en danger Clarice's safety," "Use your own judgment," said she, abruptly. " Come when you can; stay away if you think you will be watched and fol lowed. Mark my words: you mil be watched and followed, and that before long." He was allowed half an hour's interview with Clarice in the morning, and was struck by finding how much his presence seemed to cheer and animate her. She began to re spond to his questions with some willingness: once or twice she made some little trivial remark of her own accord: a faint colour stole at times into her cheeks, a faint smile played upon her lips. It was plain that he exercised a healthful end soothing influence upon her mind. Madame Vallor gave him, perhaps pur posely, an opportunity of speaking in private to Nurse Martha. He put Clarice under the old servant's especial care, and told her to write to him from time to time. And then he bade farewell to the dissimilar trio who lodged together in that little house in John etreet, Old Ford, and went back to Beech hurst. •Jacobi's visit on Thursday, the following day, apprised him of the discovery of Clarice's flight. He breathed more freely when this was made. But it was with a great effort that he maintained the coolness with which he treated Jacobi's communication. He would have liked to accuse the man there and then of the crime that he had committed, and give him part—were it only indeed a tithe—of the punishment that he deserved. He was thankful afterwards that he had merely ordered him off the premises, and not lowered his self-respect by taking the law into his own hands. He had telegraphed to Bnrnett Lynn im mediately after Geoffrey's accident, and was somewhat surprised to receive no answer. For, although he did not now see how Bur- , nett Lynn could throw much light upon the - matter, be was anxious to have hiB friend in . England, and to hear what was his opinion of Ccofirey's case. Strange to say Geoffrey Vanhorough's state of insensibility or torpor still continued; and though he swallowed food in a liquid state, and aid not appear to suffer pain, it was evident that his condition woe a very critical one, ThedayBoE Nigel's banishment fromClarice ■ dragged slowly by. He was forced, for ap pearances sake, to transact business as usual, to look cheerful, and enter into conversation with his friends, while at the same time his heart and brain were racked with anxiety. The news of Clarice's disappearance had got wind. Strange rumours were afloat respect ing her character and her fate. He had great ■ eelf-control, and be needed it all in order to preserve the grave tranquility aud apparent opeDnees whion were hiB best disguise. His sisters knew nothing of the secret that he guarded so carefully, and Mrs. Tremaine wrs almost as self-contained as Nigel himself. Her mind seemed to be completely taken up - with " matters of the houseabove all, with the fact that old Martha, the faithful nurse of the family, bad been called, away to nurse ■ a near relation. In the midst of Nigel's deepest anxiety of mind be was moved to a ■ smile when he heard his mother discoursing gravely to the girls, or an intimate friend, on the inconvenience of Martha's absence, and the possibilities of her speedy return. " I was so aorry to Iobc her," Mrs. Tcemaina declared with an unblushing face, and an in nocent look in her blue eyes, " but when she said that she must nurse her sister's child through this terrible illness, what could IdoZ I was obliged to let her go." "What is the illness, mamma?" the youngest girl asked carelessly one day in Nigel's presence. "Consumption, dear," said Mrs. Tremaine with creditable promptness. " And I am. afraid that poor Martha will not be able to - return to us for many weeks yet." Nigel played his part very well; but his mother played hers better. 