GAWLER POLITICAL SCIENCE ASSOCIATION. The fortnightly meeting of the Gawler Political Science Association was held at the Institute on Thursday evening, October 16. There was a good attendance of members. The PRESIDENT (Mr. J. Martin, J.P.) was present, and delivered an inaugural address. He thought they had acted wisely in forming an Association on broad principles instead of confining their deliberations to one subject of political economy. He quite coincided in the decision that had been arrived at that the first question to be discussed should be the desirability of stopping the further sale of theCrown lands. The repurchase of that already sold was a very much more difficult question to decide, and would take a great detl of consideration before they could come to a satisfactory conclusion. As their Society was now formed it would allow men of all shades of opinion to join them, and so the question coojd be discussed from all standpoints. Then the question of land nationalization might beoome threadbare in a small community tike theirs, and so they could take up other snbjects that might be of great importance to the community at large. There was taxation, immigration, free trade, and protection, and in connection with that the various means of increasing their products, in reference to taxation, it was natural that every one wished to get rid of taxation if he could and would try to put the burden on to others, consequently ic would always be a debatable subject. Then there was immigration—whether it was thought they should go on expending money to bring people out here for the benefit of the other colonies— (Hear, hearj — because he knew people in the other colonies were sending to their friends here to nominate tbeir friends from the old country, and after they arrived here they went to the other colonies, and they ought to consider whether that sjsium should continue. Free trade and protection was a matter that was of great importance. While they had been going on growing wheat and people had been getting land to the extant they had, they had lost sight of a good many things that were of considerable importance. He thought people were now beginning to wake up to that, and these things would assume greater importance than in times past. Then, in reference to general politics, they might consider matters of local government. They could take into consideration the action of the Corporations and District Councils, because their actions often had a great effect in either making or marring their pleasure. At any rate all these things were within the limits of their constitution, and consequently they wrmld do no harm by looking at them occasionally. The Register, in a sub-leaaercommenting on the meeting that took place when they decided to form the Association, took exception to the remark he made. " that Uawler had no particular interests to serve." What he meant was that Uawler had no local interests detrimental to the general well- being of the coljny. (Hear, hear.) He maintained that what was good for the colony was good for Gawler, anil rice versa. With regard to the subject for debate, it appeared to him that it would be well on subjects of importance not to bring them to a conclusion in one night. Under any circumstances it would be well to have some rules and s'anding orders for regulating their debates. He thanked them f ir the honour they had done him, and hoped his health would admit of his attending their deliberations very often. STOPPAGE OF SALE OF CROWN LANDS. Mr. W. R. LEWIS, in introducing the subject of the "Stoppage of the further sale of Crown lands," th ought it was not necessary for him to say much, as he believed there wonld be little or no opposition. He would propose—" That steps be taken in connection with the Kapunda Society to endeavour, as far as in their power lies, to prevent all further sale of Crown lands " He thought he might divide the ublic generally into three classes, viz., those who Eelfeved In land nationalization, those who did not, and those who had not made up their minds. He thought the whole three would agree with his proposition. Those who were in favour of land nationalization would say, This is the thin end of -the wedge, and if we get tins by-and-by we shall get land nationalization. Those who did not approve of it would say, " Well, this is a delusion and a snare; it will never be carried; the leasing of Crown lands is full of defects; it will lead to corruption and jobbery, and we will go in for it; but it's a parcel of rubbish, and you will soon see what it will come to." Then those who had not made up their minds would say. "Now here is a chance to nut the matter on its trial and so we will go in for it," therefore he did not contemplate much opposition. He saw in the papers the other day -that a gentleman stated that ownership in land was out a monopoly. Now, that gentleman could not have studied the. matter much, for they could not increase their land. They might increase their houses, &c.;, but they could not increase their land, and he thought if any one studied the way that land increased in value in cities he would see that it was not only a monopoly but a very powerful'one. (Hear, hear ) Supposing they referred to the three creat countries that were usually brought before them with regard to the land laws—Ireland, Scotland, and England. When he learned his geography Ireland had a population of 8,000,000, Scotland 6,000,000, and England and Wales 16,000,000. If they referred to their geography books that day they would find Ireland had 6,000,000, Scotland 3,000,000, and England 32,000,000. Thus Ireland and Scotland had about half their population, and England and Wales had doubled theirs, that was speaking in round numbers. Now. all three of these countries had the same land laws; how, then, could it be said that the land laws had brought about that extraordinary state of things? He confessed he could not see through the whole of it, bat it might be explained as follows:—Let them take a farmer in each country, and each Taised say 1,000 bags of wheat of his holding, 600 of it wonld go to thelandlord for rent. The Scotch and Irish landlords lived in England, and their respective lots of 600 bags were collected and sent over to England, and the consequence was that the other two countries were 'impoverished to the extent of the amount sent away, and the man left in the country had only 500 bags to spend in his place. The man in England, on the contrary, while he bad to raise the same amoUnt and had to give his 500 bags, was better off, because the whole of bis 1,000 bags were spent in the place, which increased the trade and improved matters very mnch in that neigh be urhood, and not only so but he had a share of the two lots of 600 bags sent from Ireland and Scotland. That seemed to him to point ont some of the greatest evils in private ownership of land, which might be said to arise from three thingB—from allowing a man to have more than his share, from allowing a few people to own the whole of the country, which certainly was not right, because having too great scope ot country it was neglected and was not cultivated— (Hear, hear)—but, more important than all, they did not live npon it. Now, if owners were not allowed to have too mnch, and were pledged to cultivate Pay part of it. and pledged to live on it or near it, or in the same country, then the evils of private ownership would not be so much felt, and it would affect absenteeism. He thought land must be admitted to be a monopoly, and the question then arose—"Who is the monopolizer?' They might say they would monopolize the land themselves. Very well, they would become the national owners of the land — the land monopoly beinir held by the people — that was land nationalization pure and simple. He then referred to the railways and to water, conservation schemes making the land more valuable, and he said they should try and become the monopolizers of the land, and so liave the benefit of the unearned increment. He thought it would cost an enormous amount of money to get the land already purchased back again. It would not do to follow Henry George in all his ideas, as he suggested the taking away of the land from the present owners who had paid for it. They could have no nationalization of the land unless they paid fairly for what had been sold ; and, therefore, let them, as the Americans would say, run the two systems side by side, and prove to their own satisfaction the relative value of the two, and if they found the leasing of the land would be cumbersome and would not work they could drop it, but if they found it to answer—as he believed they would— then it should be carried on. He thought that was practical politics, and there was nothing to prevent the Parliament fro - passing a small Act prohibiting the further sale of Crown lands. He noticed by the debates that some at least of the members of Parliament were beginning to look into land nationalization, and he thought if a petition was got up and largely signed they would have something done, and all who were in favour of it should join heartily in the matter (Cheers.) Mr. W. LOVERIDGE seconded the proposition. Mr. J. N. RICHARDS supported, and did not think they would have much difficulty in the matter, for there was a strong feeling in the country that they had gone too far in alienating their Crown lands. There were in round numbers still in possession of the Crown, not even selected, 231 million acres of land, and surely that was large enough estate for any one to deal with, and there was plenty of room to try whether State ownership in land was wise or not. He then instanced tne land in the vicinity of the Nairne line as increasing enormously in value thro neh the railway, and said tbat increased value shonld go into the hands of the State. They knew whit vested interests meant, and the longer they went the worse position they would be in. They had just passed in the House of Assembly a clause giving the same power to substituted residents as to personal residents, and he asked if that was not simply playing into the hqnds of monopolists. It was their duty in this early stage of the colony's history to prevent any monopoly in land. Mr. C. W. NIQUET also supported, and referred to the large number of farmers who had left the neighbourhood of Gawler, the land being held now by squatting kings. He quoted from the Register re the Highland crofters and the Woodside mines, and pointed out the necessity there was for energetic action being taken. In reply to Mr. J. B. Brooks, the CHAIRMAN said from what he could gather from the position of the rainfall it appeared to Him the best of their land muKt have been sold. Mr. BROOKS saia then it appeared to him that they were too late, for all the valuable land was disposed of. Ohe Chairman—"I did not say that.") Well, they might say so. Fully fifteen years ago Mr. Cummings delivered a lecture on the question, and even then some men went so far as to say it was too late. (A Voice—" Mr. John Warren did.") Mr. T. J. BENSON thought the principle advocated was a good one, and that it would eventually lead to land nationalization. He had just thought of the Government of Peru previous to its discovery by the Spanish, and it was stated that the paternal Government was a model one for any Government. All the land there belonged to the State, and they appointed periodically a ruler, and also a committee of supporters to that ruler, who were supposed to confer with him in all matters pertiining to the welfare of the State. The result ;was that no family was allowed to starve, no man was allowed to monopolize the land because it belonged to the State. That was the true sense of paternal government, and they were now awakening to the want of it. Mr. GEORGE ROBERTS thought the stopping of the further sale of Crown lands was the only wise and safe course to follow. Some had talked about it bringing a revolution, but he was afraid the present course if followed would bring a revolution. It came simply to this, that people could not live without the land, and if a certain number of people held that land the rest of the population took their subsistence at the leave of the landholders, and the time of evictions might come here just as in Ireland and Scotland. It was not the fault of the landholders but the fault of the condition of things that allowed it. While he did not blame the landlords he most emphatically blamed the system that allowed such a state to exist. As the cry had gone forth in America that no man had a right of private ownership in man, so, as land was the means of life, the time would come when the cry would be used in respect to private ownership in lftnd. He heartily supported the proposition. Mr. CONGREVE moved the adjournment of the debate, but on ths question being put the CHAIR- MAN declared the " Noes" had it. Mr. B. E. DELAND said it was as well to have opposition, and he thought there was the ghost of an opposition there. (Laughter.) If they looked at Gazette notices in reference to the Crown lands that were being offered for sale he thought they would see it was not too late. It would have been a very good job if that movement had taken place two years ago; then the country would have been saved from one of the greatest swindles that ever took place, for the whole of the Parliament fall into a trap with respect to the concessions to selectors. They had lost something, like a million of money. (No, no ) He was not far wrong, for it was not only what had been done, but necessarily what was now proposed to be done. (Hear, hear). Mr. E. CLEMENT, J.P., believed all wealth came from the land, and laws should he made that would place most men on the land. If sheep were placed there instead ot men, women, and children the industries of the colony would not increase. He was in favour of stopping the sale of Crown lands. Mr. H. J. COI>GREYE rose to oppose the proposition. Be did not believe the story of Peru, and proceeded to instance Egypt as a case of land nationalization, and drew a gloomy picture of the state of that country. The only feasible reason put forward was that land was getting monopolized, but that would work its own cure. (A Voice—"So it is doing") Let them wait for another ten years, and they would see that these large estates would be again distributed. (No, no.) Whether the land was sold outright or whether leased the quantity would remain the satce, and there would therefore be just the same competition. On the motion of Mr. J. F. MARTIN, the debate was adjourned for a fortnight. Six new members were admitted. WORD COINAGE. — Mr. Justin Browne writes in the Tasmanian Mail: — "The Americans have coined a new word, ' telepheme.' I have before me a circular, issued by the General Manager of the United Press, which has its head office in New York. This gentleman says, 'A great number of tele- 1 hone messages, which we are now receiving, has led to the coining of a new word 'telepheme.' This, he explains, is a correct Latin derivation, and correspondents and operators are authorized to use it in their despatches after August 1, as a substitute for ' telephone despatch,' ' telephone message,'" &c;'., &C.; 