Topics. So the whole of the business of the country has come to a dead stop, owing to the notice of motion given by Mr. Mattinson, in respect to the Rail way Commission. Mr. Mattinson hav ing given notice of motion for Tuesday next that the report of the Railway Commission be adopted, the Chief Secretary announced that the motion if carried would necessitate the resignation of the Ministry, and forth with said he would move that the business of the House stand adjourned till after the debate. There may be, and no doubt is, precedent for this course ; but the effects on this occasion are so serious that the Government might have been highly praised if they had made a new precedent and gone with the business. It is understood that we are close up to the end. If the session, and still the Taxation Bill is in Committee in the Assembly. Had business proceeded on Thursday the Bfll would probably have gone on to the Council first thing on Tuesday, and that body might have read it a first time then, and either set down the second reading for Thursday, or in a properly dignified and leisurely manner taken the second reading on the follow ing Tuesday. As it is, probably a week will be lost, and other measures will also be delayed, for it is unlikely that any Government business will be gone on with in the Council on Tuesday next, as this debate will be on. If the motion stood a ghost of a chance of being carried, or if it were aimed against the Government on general policy, or that of any important bill before Parliament it would of course have been unseemly to have gone on with business ; but the case is quite the reverse. We regret exceedingly that Mr. Mattinson did not delay his notice until Tuesday next, or that the Government did not yield to the manifest wish of the House and go on with the business of the country now at a somewhat critical stage Can it be that professed supporters, but real opponents, of taxation which will touch their pockets see in a general melee a chance to choke the Bill ? So much we have written apart from the question which has caused all the upset The point at issue is, shall Mr. Thow be discharged and the public lose a good and economical servant or shall Messrs. Mais, Patterson, and Pendleton learn that they too are public servants, and that simply because a brother officer in the exercise of his duties becemos personally offensive to them he is not to be hounded out of the service. The way is clear to them. Mr. Thow does not object, though they take care to make it hot for him, to continue to perform his duties, and if the three objectors cannot endure his presence, or deign to hold even official communication with him, they can tender their resignations and doubtless they will be accepted. As to the action of the Commissioner we must say that we consider it arbitrary, and it must have been taken in full expectation that the challenge would come as it has come. All the members of the Commission save Mr. Playford, consider that an apology is due to Mr. Thow by Mr. Patterson, and say so. Mr. Playford is of an opposite opinion and holds that nothing short of Mr. Thaw's dismissal can appease Mr. Patterson's offended dignity. . It is a pity that the adoption of the report of Ull* VVUUUUJ1UU «i«w . ? ?* , -, chairman before the Government took' the stand it has taken, for then the question could have been settled on its merits, and we are not sure that even the great influence of the mighty three could have secured for them the rejection ol' the report. Now it is otherwise. All the weight of the Government, and its followers will be on their side, not because it is right, but to avoid a crisis which just now would be a great misfortune to the colony. The Pastoral Bill is not yet through and though the untimely death of the Taxation Bill would be devoutly rejoiced over in secret yet the Pastoral lesses would not risk the other Bill now it is so nearly safe. On every ground there is cause for sorrow at the I turn events have taken. The Summer seems now to have set in in earnest, and it promises to be at least as severe as usual, and this fact coupled with the extraordinary preval ence, during the past two or three months, of diseases which are usually traceable to defects in sanitary arrange ments should arouse us individually — as well as the sanitary authorities — to a greater vigilance. The growth of knowledge, as to the causes of disease, has demonstrated the feet that very much of the disease from which humanity suffers is preventable, and hence very much more stringent measures are adopted for the removal of the causes. Perhaps no practice in our midst is so fruitful of disease as that of allowing offensive matter of various kinds to accumulate — sometimes for years — near our dwellings, or where people congregate. Such a course is suicidal and creates hotbeds of death. It is not a savoury subject, but it is one that affects deeply the interests of all, and hence our reference to it now. The strict carrying out of the require ments of the Health Act may seem harsh sometimes, but better harshness in this direction than the breeding of serious disease. Leniency in such matters is gross unkindness and inhu manity. The local Board of Health would do well to regulate, so far as may be within its power, the size of cesspits, and'also to encouragethe adop tion of the earth closet system. Some people provide an immense cesspit and imagine that because they are not then required every now and again to have it emptied that they have done wisely, but they are only creating a reser voir of disease germs, and are doing a public injury worse than that done by ' the dynatnitard, who, by a great ex plosion destroys a dozen lives. We are glad to know that the local school Board of Advice is moving to have earth closets substituted for the very dangerous cesspits now existing at the schools, and may say that the move has not come a day too soon, and is one which should be followed all round. In considering the reasonableness of the request made to the Govern ment last week by the deputation seeking aid to mining enterprise we must ask the question : 'Supposing that instead of colapsing, by the out tiring of men who have sunk thousands of pounds in our gold reefs, and whose hearts have been made sick by long deferred hopes, our gold mining in dustry were established on a firm basis, who would reap the benefit?'' Of course the shareholders would — and they would richly deserve it too, — and it would, in many cases, have been dearly bought ; but they would not by any means stand alone, for surrounding claims now idle would then be worked, a large area of country would be turned to good account, and a large population settled and provided with employment regularly and these in turn would make work for others. The Trea surer would find the benefit through the customs, and ultimately, when the term ot lease expired, a larger, though a fair, rental could be got for the properties. Now while we could not agree to the expenditure of large sums of Government money to bolster up hopelessly unremunerative concerns, it is notorious that in the case of the Alma and Victoria property at least, the success of the mine is not problematical, if only an adequate water supply can be reached, and it is equally well known that not only the one mine, but the whole district would profit by the one water supply being got. It is in fact, simply a question of capital, and after the very large sum which has been spent in a district, which is after all Government property, by the plucky shareholders who have sunk 525 ft for only a small supply of water, we think the least the Government could do would be either to put down a bore to a good supply, or to lend on easy terms, to be repaid out of future profits, a sum sufficient for the work. on the Service coach. We have heartily supported the joint movements which the Hon. James Service has so strongly and persistently urged of late in the colonies and through Mr. Murray Smith in London, of Federation and Annexation but success is evidently a bad thing for Mr. Service. The most important point he has striven for has been attained in the Protectorate over New Guinea and forsooth because it appears that wisely, — though wonder fully considering the way in which the Gladstone Government has in the past favoured France and ignored Germany with whom she has much more in com mon — England consulted with Ger many before she formally announced her intentions respecting New Guinea, the Victorian Premier wants to protest We may fairly ask at the hands of the British Government such conces sions, or even such modification of Imperial Policy as may be desir able in our own interests as part of the empire ; but that we, who know as little about Europeanstate-craft as the European Governmentknowofour local matters, should attemptto dictate to England or require to be consulted on questions of international policy is absurd. It will be a good thing for us if the unclaimed territory off from the New Guinea coast were annexed by Ger many, who of all probable neigh bours would be the best The silly threat that was telegraphed to the colonies of withdrawing from this en gagement to contribute to the cost of the establishment of the Protectorate because Germany had been consul ted before it was announced, was utterly unworthy of statesmen as our leading politicians claim to be. We are heartily glad that the Jingo spirit has not pos sessed our own Government, and that they in common with the other Cabinets somewhat snubbed Mr. Service. The '? Lantern. — The last issue of the Lantern contained a very capital portrait ot the late Mr. R. Whinham. Copper Mines. — It is stated that operations are likely to be shortly resumed at the Calling ton and Kanmantoo mines by an English Company. Mr. Thow. — On Friday last the time granted to Mr. Thow, during which he might demand the appointment of a Board to consider bis case expired. A letter has been re ceived by the Government but its contents have not been made public No-Confidence Motion. — What the Government have accepted as a no -confidence motion will be moved in the Assembly to-day by Mr. Mattinson in the shape of a motion to adopt the Report of the Railway Commission. British and Foreign BIble Society.^ 'he Rev, E. Wilfred Robinson, one of the ecretaries of this Society has paid a visit to bis town, and as we prepare for press the nnual meeting is being held in the Burra nstitute. The Rev. Mr. Robinson and other uinisters and gentlemen take part in the meet ng, which was presided over by Mr. P. Lane, ?P., President of the local branch. Bdrra Town Council. — A meeting of he Burra Town Council was held last evening, .vhen, as will be seen by the report elsewhere, some important business was done. There were several applications for the position of engine driver, &c;, of the waterworks, and Mr. almost immediately the Council would be pre- 1 pared to commence the laying on of the house ' services, and that the water would then be available along the lines of pipes already laid. : Mind Reading. — Mr. Sebastian George, a South Australian, who has discovered that he possesses in'a remarkable degree the faculties of mind and muscle reading, and has demon strated his ability before numerous audiences in different parts of the colony will appear at the Burra Institute this (Tuesday) evening. Those who remember the mysterious powers possessed by Professor Rice will have some idea of the character of Mr. Geoage's entertainment. There will be also musical selections at in tervals. Annexation and Germany. —The fol lowing telegram has been received by the Government from the Premier of Victoria : — 'Melbourne, October 15, 1884.— I have just received telegram from our Agent-Generaj which I deem it my duty to transmit to you, and will be glad to know whether you concur in the suggestion made as to joint protest. Telegram as follows : — c Disturbing reports to day, projectedarrangement Germany, England, Western Pacific, enquiry rather confirms suspicion. Australian Governments should protest strongly against any settlement without their knowledge and concurrence,' — James Service.' To this the following reply was wired on the same day : — ' Your telegram received. This Government are not prepared to join in the protest with present information. Tohn Colton, C.S,' And 99 out of every ioo colonists will say ' hear, hear.' Mr. Bright on Protection in Foreign Countries.— Mr. Bright, writing to Mr. Thomas Barrow, of Diseworth, near Derby, a gentleman interested in the carpet trade, says : — ' If you enquire into the condition of pro tected countries — the United States, France. Germany, or Russia — you will find them suffering more then we are. You will find that in America there is short time worker1, lower wages, and that bankruptcies or failures have largely increased of late years, while in this country failures have decreased in number of late years from year to year — I should say largely decreased. With some local exceptions working classes never were so well off during thejtime of oar protective system as they are now. Mr. Blaine speaks for the protected manufacturers who have their hands in the nation's pocket, and are unwilling to take them out. He talks as foolishly as our Tory states ind with as little wisdom and truth. As to France, the ' most favoured nation' clause is as good as the treaty, and it springs from Mr. Cobden's trealy of 1860. Protection inflicts upon France the evil it inflicts everywhere. France is said to pay a bounty on her shipping amounting to near a million a year, and yet her mercantile marine is small and is to a large extent now unemployed. France does not receive forty millions of our money. We have no scarcity of money, and we send no gold abroad to pay for our imports. We tried protection up to 1846. After a long trial we condemned it. It will have no further trial in this country. A Goon Story. — Archibald Forbes in the Advertiser tells the following story illustrative of General Wolseley's bestowals of favour : — ' When Wolseley went out to take over and organise Cyprus, he went round the island in a Govern ment despatch-boat.. and I accompanied him. That Helicon touched at a place called Lim asoh, the second town of the island. Wolseley was received there by a lieutenant of marines at the head of a detachment of six men. This officers report was — 'My name is Seager; three weeks ago I was landed here by the admiral with twelve marines, with orders to take over and organise the place. It was in a condition of disturbance because a number of Turkish soldiers, released from discipline, were behaving in a disorderly manner. They resisted me ; I fought them. What of them are left I have in goal, with six men of my command guarding them. The cadi was unpleasant ; I had to bring him to order by threatening to flog him. I bad to flog some of his subordinates. Now, town and country are perfectly quiet. I have had the filthy streets cleaned, and have whitewashed the abominable interior of the prison. I have re-established the markets, collected the revenue from them and from the Cnstoms. Am gathering in the arrears of taxes, and have a sum of money ready to hand over to the administrator whom you may appoint.' ' It seems to me you haven't wasted yoor time, Mr. Seagor,' was ail the comment Wolsely made at the lime ; but before he left next morning that gentleman fonnd himself appointed Commissioner of Limasoh. During a furlough he had found time to become a barrister, following the ex ample of Evelyn Wood, Howard Vincent, and other officers ; and the obscure lieutenant of marines is now Chief Justice of Cyprus, with a salary larger than wculd have been his pay if he had the luck to become a general officer.9 Forfeiture of Land Selection. — In answer to Dr. Cockburn on Thursday, the Commissioner of Crown Lands (Hon. J. Coles) said that section no, in the hundred of Schom burgk, comprising an area of 500 acres, had been selected by Mi. F. W. Huppatzon Septem ber 29, 1881. It was inspected on October 22, 1883\. At that time there should have been improvements of the valne of ^125, but they were only of the value of jQjl 4s. Besides this, only 30 acres were under cultivation, whereas there should have been 100 acres cul tivated, and the residence condition was then being almost entirely ignored. The selector himself lived at Saddleworth. Notice of the intention to revoke the agreement was pub lished in the Government Gazette of~May 29, and a copy of the notice was posted to the selector. As no defence was sent in it was issumed that he had abandoned his holding is .many others had done in that part of the country, and as a consequence of which vermin were largely on the increase He (the Com. missioner of Crown Lands) had never in any sense of the word attempted to administer the Act harshly, but it was absolutely necessary when they had a land Act in force that some little attention at any rate should be paid to its provisions. In all cases where selectors in the hundred of Schomburgk and the contigous hundreds had sent in caveats against forfeitures proceedings had been withdrawn in order to enable them to obtain a lease under the new Act, and the Surveyor-General had been in structed not to reoffer the section. Some little ime since a selector had applied to his secre ary and stated that he had asked. Mr. Bee t'ho had promised to send in a statement to he Government after he had received notice -f revocation. That statement was never sent n, or if sent in was never received. by the lepartinent, and he came to the conclusion hat the selection was abandoned. The fol owing was a copy of a telegram sent to Mr. Eluppatz on October 15 : — ' Commissioner annot revive your agreement. Yon can take :rop off, and when New Land Bill passed case vill be again considered.' The following etter was also sent to Mr. Huppatz : — ' Late igreement 14269, Schomburgk. In confirma ion of telegram of this date, Mr. Huppate is nformed that the Commissioner is unable to revive his agreement which has been cancelled, but he wiil be allowed to take his crop off, and if the Land Bill now before Parliament be :3mes law his case will be again considered.'' Unless -the new Land Bill did become law h : believed a great number of selections in Lind'.ey and Schomburgk would be abandoned, and it was impossible for selectors there to comply with the conditions of the old Act. A Brief Sermon on Cranks. — The Bur lington Hawkeye publishes a great dial of nonsense, but sometimes in its amusing way it states indisputable facts. The following is from a recent issue : — What would we do were it not for the cranks ? How slowly the tired old world would move, did not the cranks keep it rushing along ? Colnmbus was a crank on the subject of American discovery and cir cumnavigation, and at last he met the fate of most cranks, was thrown into prison, and died in poverty and disgrace. Greatly venerated' now ! Oh, yes, Teleinachus, we usually esteem a crank most profoundly after we starve him to death. Harvey was a crank on the subject of the circulation of the blood ; Galileo was an astronomical crank ; Fulton was a crank on the subject of steam navigation ; Mosre was a te'egraph crank. All the old abolitionists were cranks. The Pilgrim Fathers were cranks ; John Bunyan was a crank; any man who doesn't think as you do, my son, is a crank. And by-and-by the crank you despise will have his name in every man's mouth, and a half-completed monument to his memory crumbling down in a dozen cities, while nobody outside of your native village will know that you ever lived. Deal gently with the crank' my boy. Of course, some cranks are crankier, than others, but do you be very slow to sneer at a man because he knows only one thing and uachus, is a thing that turns something, it uakes the wheels go round, it ensures progress, ['rue, it turns the same wheel all ihe time, and t can't do anything else, but that's what keeps he ship going ahead. The thing that goes in or variety, versatility, that changes its position 1 hundred times a day, that is no crank ; tha* s the weather-vane, my son. What? You, levertheless, thank heaven you are not a crank p 3on't do that, my son. May be you couldn't je a crank if you would. Heaven is not very larticular when it wants a weather-yane ; dniost any man will do for that. But when t wants a crank, my boy, it looks about very :arefully for the best man in the community. Before you thank heaven that you are not a crank, examine yourself carefully, and see .vhat is the great deficiency that debars you vom such an election. 