JACK FLYNN'S STORY. By E. P. WHITWOBTH. " I DON'T know," said Jack Flynn, flowlf,' us he thoughtfully pressed the tobaoeo down into his pipe with the end of a black horny finger,411 do not know that I do know much o( a yarn, not to call it a yarn, saoin' at how spinnin' yarns is a line of business as I'M never paid mncb attention to, bnt if you don't mipd, why I don't mind, telling .yoa abont the biggeBt.fright I ever got In iflylile. Bat : before I begin I want to know docs any of yon ohaps believe in sperrits ? I don't moan sperrits to drink, 'cos I know most on yon, does that, bnt I do mean real right dowd' sperrits of dead people, ghosts, yon know. The men looked uneasily at each other, bDt no one spoke, "Very well," Jack continued, "then I'll ?ay an yon dont or yon flb, m (he osse may be. I don't, leastways, I didn't ontll bnt that's the yarn. Moat on ton knows the Maneroo plains. I mean that part of the Maneroo about the Snowy River and there aborts." There was a general murmur'of assent, and { Jack went on: " I was dawn there in sixty-two, a kind of i knock-abont-man on old Allen's station, ana a rough time I had of It In them days, yon may bet. Just abont then, yoa may remem- j ber, tho Aratnen diggings, away dp to (tie notth'ard, were giving oat, and the nnmber ot swagmen we Sad makldg thelt way over to Olppsland was a caution to snakes. Of course tiers were some good men among 'em; but, taken altogether, them ATaluen diggers-leastways, those of 'cm who came our way-were jnst abont the worst lot I! ever set eyes on. They eeemei to me to be the very sweepings of Australia. Sponge and cadge of oourse they did, and yoa couldn't: muoh blame men who were right down on tho bed rock for that; but steal, by gosh I they were the biggest thieves nfthsng. no thing came amiss to 'em. Nothing Was too hot or too heavy; and I tell yon, (t needed you to keep your eyes skinned when any of 'em were round; and, as some ot 'em gene rally were ronnd; we'd a lively time of It, yoa may guess. Well, one day, jnst before sundown, I was standing talking to Andy Oarr, the men's oook, when we saw, coming over the rise, two swagmen. Ot coarse, we thought they were coming flown to ask to stop in the hnts for the night, as nsoal; bat, to my surprise, when they saw as, they tamed off from the traok into a little patoh of eerab, and there they eamped. At the distance when they tnrnod away, we could neither of as make 'em oat very distinctly; bat I bad sharp eyes in them days, and I could see that one of 'em was a little blaek-a-vised chap, with a monstache and a goatee beard i the other was younger, and had light hair and no beard. I couldn't tell why, bat it seemed to1 me that he turned pale like when he caught sight of as, and that the other spoke to him ! sharply; then, as I said, they tnrned off sharp into the bash. "'I don't half like the looks of thoBC chaps,' said I to Andy; ' it looks to me as if they were after no good.' "' Well, mate,' says Andy, laughing, 1 they won't find mnoh to collar here; the last lot nearly cleaned as oat, bat I'll koop a bright look out.' " But they didn't trouble as. They made a fire, boiled their billy, and when I left the I but the; had, so far as We aoald see, wrapped themselves np in their blankets, and gene to sleep. I started ftway for the honse, as I used to bank in the kitchen; bnt somehow I couldn't get them chaps ont o' my mind. When I got, to the house I told Mr. Bell, the super., bat'he Isiaghed at me, and told me to go to bed. Bo I did, but I oonldn't sleep. ' I'll have a peep at them ehaps if I die for it/ says I to myself; so up I gets, pats on my clothes, and slips oat. It.was half iafOa, and from where I stood on a bit of a rise I could see the gleam of their fire, through the trees. I dodged round the baok of the house into a belt of scrub, and crossing the traok .behind the rise, got into the bnsh on the other side. After that it was easy enough-I soon reaohed the patch of sorub where they were camped. I was too far off to hear what thov saM very plainly, for they wera talking; bat I heard one call the other a fool, and it seemed to me the other was crying. I listened, but could only make ont something like ' doable back oross traok.' The one who was talking had a rough harsh voice that I fancied I'd heard before somewhere, bat ooaldn't tell where. At any rate thinks I, * I'll know it again wherever I hear it,' and away I stole back to bed. " Next morning I was down at the oook's hut, and there, sore enough, the two men were Btill at their oamp having breakfast. By-and-bye they packed np their swags, and passing the bnt at a little distance, went off along the Sonth road. I tried to got a better look at 'em, but they'd both got their {billy Cooks pulled low down, and I couldn't see muoh of 'em. I did see, however, that the young fellow looked aneasy, and as it he was trembling with fright. "'If those two blokes ain't been np to something, or are going to be np to some thing, I'm a Dutchman,' said 1 to Andy Oarr, but he only laughed in his qaiet way, and said I was always a findin' oat some mare's nest or other. " I ssid nothing, but took a qaiet walk to where the men had oamped. There was nothing there bat the ashes of the lire, and I turned away, wondering what made me so dubious about them. Hallo I what was that lying undor the grass tussock there ? A kniie, a common wooden-handled sailors' sheath Itiife. I piekod it up, and examined it. Nothing particular, except that it had the two letters J.S. roughly cat into the haft, and that the point was broken off. Lord! mates, of what little things the big things of this world are made up. I was nearly throw ing it down again aB worthless, and if I had -whow I "Later that day came another party of swagmen from the North. They called at the hot, and enquired if we had seen a party of time pans lately. They were surprised when we told them about the two men we had seen, and still more surprised when I described them, and showed them the knifo I had found. '"That's Joe Steel's knife,' said one of them. ' I know it well. I had it in my band only three or four days sinoe, cutting up tobacoo. But the point wasn't broken off then, so far as I recollect. Bnt where tho deuoe has Phil. Devinc got to ? He started with them, or was to do, anyway I The swagmen wont on their way, and I kept the ktaile, why I hardly know, but I did, ana in the business of the station the matter j almost passed out out qf my ndnd. AlmoA. , Stft toat tame night a ourlons thing Hiipvl V pencd. Btanding on the verandah, I thought I saw ft figure RnddcRly dart across tho road from belotv the hat, Into the thick scrnb. I don't know wlmt possessed me, but I followod leisurely in the direction of the test night's camp. I could tee nothing, heat nothing, and on teaching the camp I was about to go oacfc, fancying my eyes had deceived me. Nothing, aid I say V Bat, by George, there wan something. Somebody had been there before mo. The ashes of the fire had been raked op, and (till bore the marks .( the scratching of human fingers. I stood still and listened. Hot a eonnd, not even the falling of a leaf. I oooeyed. Ho answer. I searched the bashes, bnt eonld find no trace, even of a trodden tussock or a broken branch. 1 All was still, silent as death. M Nob comea the strange part of my story, and those who don't believe it can- do the other thing. Fot my part, I say and swear that It is troe, unmistakably, literally, trne, evdry word of it. " About a week after I had found the knife, and by this time I had nearly forgotten all aboat the whole affair, I.was sent ont to find ont the camp of a mob of stray oattle that ' had not been seen for some days. I monnted my brown mare Jess, took with me a sharp little collie slut that I had trained to track oattle, and away I started. First I ^ent soath, bnt could find no traee; then I attack off for the westward, and after hoars of 'scrambling tp and down the ragged spars and gnllies of that rough country, was fain to give it ap in that direction. Keeping northwatd along the toot of the range, 1 soon foand myself in a part of the country of which I knew next to nothing. It was a wild, scrubby place, the last in which to find a eattle camp, and yet I persevered. I knew these were a valuable lot, and as I bad often aald that with my dog I could front the beg gars oat anywhere, 1 lalt my teputation at stake, and determined to find the beasts, even if I had to camp oat tor It. Hardly heeding where I went, I travelled on nntil nightfall, bat, as I knew the moon, which Ms BOW in her third quarter, would rise soon, I kept on my note. After a time I got myself, I know not bow, into a thick tangle of low ecrab end open forest, which seemed tostretohon tor ?Biles, t was as one in a dream, and rode slowly forward, almost unconscious ot where 1 was going. * The knoon bad risen, and her pate light showed me at a little distance a clump of thick timber, and Into this I rode boldly. Then, and not till then, I realised that I did not know where I wM, that, in foot, I was bashed, and to make matters worse, whilst I was in>ihe very thick ot it, becloud suddenly oovered the moon. SUU I rode a little farther, nntil right in the very heart of the forest I came to a swamp. Go ' ing back WAS useless; going forward impos sible ; m t leisurely took off the saddle and prepared to camp. To my astonishment my mate was bathed In a foam ot perspiration, and was trembling in every limb like in aspen leaf. Just then, too, my dog, which I notfoed had oronohed close to my tea when I dis mounted, le( out a long, dismal, unearthly howl, the like of which lhad never heard be fore, and which teemed to ocho and ri-eaho through.the bash. I felt a queer sensation of awe and terror creep over me. my hair stif fened on my bead, and I could ted my heart knootdng against my ribs at a fearful rate. "What was it? what was it? I appeared | to be in a dismal black pit, surrounded by a ring of grinning, gibing skeletons. I knew these were bnt the white stems ot the swamp gams, and yet I was afraid even to look roand. for feat 1 should see something that should blast my very eyeballs. My horse was trembling mora violently than ever, and my dog. still crouched at my feet, howled long and load, and more dismally thaa before. I seemed to be gifted with a second sense of sight, for although tho moon was still blooded, I coald see everything before me, the blaok reedy swamp, the white gams, the waving tree tops bevond. Everything. "A third time the dog howled, and this time so wildly, so weirdly, that I felt as it I should sink into the gronnd with horror. Bat I what was that. Was it foot Or was it fancy 11 t dared not look, and yet I could neither tarn I my heqd cor close my eyes. ? - . , " There, right before me, not twenty yardt away, I saw, as it ware, a mist.slowly rise from the stagnant swamp: slowly it grow on my sight, slowly it formed itself into a pal pable shape, the figure of a human being, ot a man, pale of faee, but with a long brown beard sweeping over its breast, the breast on whloh was a dark lurid mark from whlob welled a red stream. Slowly, oh, so slowly, its features beoame clearer and clearer, until they wefe bazned into ay very brain. Slowly it tilted its hand, and-then with a ourioae waving circular motion, pointed downward to the spot on which it seemed to stand, and then as slowly as it had grown into sight and form, melted away, first into mist, then into impalpable air. " Rot until it had vanished could I move. Not a step. Mot a movement of a limb. Bat when it had gone, the spell was broken. I uttered a scream, and flea the aeontsed spot, I knew nor reeked not whither. All I know is that I fled, fled, antil I fell down from sheer exhaustion, and became insensible. " When I came to myself I found myself in my own bonk, They told me they had missed me from the station, had Bent ont all hands to search for me, and had found me aboat a couple of miles north of the house, lying near an old forgotten track into the back oountry a quarter ot a mile from the road. That I had had a sever* attaok of brain fever, in which I had raved wildly about the spirit in the swamp, bat that they could make neither head nor tail of what I meant. My horse had been found standing over me where they sap posed I had fallen from his book, and it was through tht howling and yelping of my dog that they had been guided to where I lay. "And now," said Jack Flynn,"after that do you believe in ghosts? No I Very well then, I'll tell you the finish. As I'm a living man, whether it was brain fever or not, or whether I dreamt it ot not, the skeleton of a man was afterwards found in that very swamp, and stuok hard and fast into the breast- bone was a bit of steel which exactly, fitted the broken point of the knife I had in my possession. Through the few words I had heard let drop about doubling back and cross track, I had been able ts lay the police on the man suspected, and to cut the story short, he was hanged at Darlifaghurst on the sworn testimony of myself and others who knew him better than I did. His mate, who was a faint-hearted, soft-headed sort of a chap after all, turned Queen's evidence to save his neek, and what became of him I don't temembcr. They oalled it brain fever; you boys may call it what you like. I call it a true story of a bona fide ghoBt. A NOVEL is being written in England by nine different persons, the object being to give individuality to eaoh character. IT is stated on competent French authority that Irish women have the most boautifal handB in the world. The next prettiest come from Poland. Tax municipal schools in Paris are now visited regularly twioe a month by medical inspectors, who are also required to attend in argent cases. It is hoped by these means to limit the spread of contagions diseases. There ore 186 of these dot to*,' asfl tbeyrfeoeive 1160: a year eaoh, ? ., t., 