On the Brink of Niagara. " Did you ever hear of a man'a standing on top of Niagara Falls without losing his life 1" asked Mr. C. P. Sherman yester day. " Well, I did. You have heard of the magnificent ice-bridge below the Falls. Having business at Buffalo I ran up to look at the ice gorge. The ice, which had poured down from the upper lakes, piled up at the foot of the Horseshoe and froze under the spray. I clambered over the bridge, and, going up on the Canadian j side, went down under the Horseshoe i Fall into the Cave of the Winds. What i superb stalagmites and stalactites of ice there were there, reaching from roof to floor, with the thundering curtain of the fall between us and the light. After 1 had recrossed the river by the suspension bridge I crossed the bridge above the American Fall to Goat Island, which was covered with snow and deserted. The shrubbery and trees near the Falls were coated with ice—iu placeB, on some of the trunks, several inches in thickness—look ing as if they had been cut out of marble or were the ghosts of dead trees. Wan dering across the island, I crossed over to the Three Sisters, and, by means of a jam of great blocks of ice, out to the old canal boat, past which the water was rushing • swiftly. " Going back to Goat Island, I went down to the foot bridge to Terrapin Hock, where the old tower used to stand, and ut on the rock. When I got there I ob trved that a quantity of ice covered ith snow had by some means become led upon the projecting rocks on the ge of the Horseshoe Fall beyond the ^^k where I stood, forming a bridge on i - js&jBv; .|AMfcfcfe|i»»'*bout 100 long by%fiduMl|m<iir"^BReen feet wide. InstaiinV0ilMife to go upon this bridge and to "look over the fall seized me. I dug out a stone from the snow, as heavy as I could lift, and, stepping out as far as I dare, threw it with all my force upon the bridge, which stood firm, the Btone sticking fast in the Bnow. Then I ran back to the island and broke off a good stout staff, aud, coming back to Terrapin Rock, commenced the rather trying jour ney. The snow which covered the ice was itself covered with a thin coating of ice, which broke beneath my feet, thuB giving me a good foothold, and as to ray head I was sure of that, as I had tho roughly tested its anti-dizziness the pre ceding summer on shipboard and among the Swics glaciers and precipices. Prod ing my staff or alpenstock heavily into the Bnow before me to tiy the way, I walked out until I had reached about the middle of my ice bridge, and then stopped to look. The sight was the grandest and the most awe-inspiring I have ever be held. As I looked up the river the curve of the on-coming water seemed almost as high as my head, and, steadying my eye upon some floating particle, the whole mass seemed coming down upon me with an irresistible power that must inevitably carry me over the brink and into eternity ; but with a swift, hissing rush, it swept under me, leaped out, and, with a horri ble roar, plunged into the awful chasm, whgpce huge clouds of spray, like the torment, ascending, swept back and over me. " Steadying myself by my staff, I sank quietly upon my knees, then stretched myself flat upon my stomach, and looked down over the falL You can imagine what I saw. When the spray would (dear away, the water rushing so swiftly as to appear to be drawn into Tines and furrows, and, springing out under my very face, could be eeen to fall, at first asolid, green ish mass, then broken into form, into a chaos which the eyes could not penetrate. I could feel my bridge trembling with • the rush of the water, and, realising that any moment might see it and me follow ing the descending flood, I rose, took one look up and down—a look to last for a lifetime—and retraced my steps. As I passed the rock I had thrown on the bridge, I could not' resist the temptation of dislodging it and seeing it whirl away over tiie liquid precipice." Some three month* or so ago (says luowoomba paper) a paragraph appeare in the Coukihk, stating that a Mr. Wi liams had started about eighteen monti previously with a mob of 1600 head of cal tie from Beecbal near JSulo, with the it tention of crossing an unknown tract c country to Sooth Australia. The pan graph further stated that if the atUmp proved successful, which the writer ver much doubted, the possibility of reach ing the South Australian territory b the proposed route would be a great boo: to Western stock owners. We are now ii a position to state that the attempt ii question has been crowned with success and much credit is due to Mr. R. William (who is a brother to Mr. James Williams Tenthill, Gatton) for the amount of plucl and endurance displayed by him in tin arduous undertaking. Veiy few detail regarding the journey are yet to hand but it is gratifying to learn that the jour ney has been entirely successful and tin cattle have reached their destination ii ^.safety. As is already well known thi ^%untry in the fax West of Queensland ^s suffered very much during the las . iteen months from the drought, am for the greater part of that time Mr. Wil liams was compelled to remain in one place, and before he could reach the over land telegraph line their supplies had be come exhausted and he and his assistants for live days were fain to satisfy the crav ings of hunger on roasted einu. But that source of supply at last failed them, and they had to be content to subsist on pig weed. Fortunately, however, they soon after reached the telegraph line, and were most hospitably reoeived by the operators, who showed the famished travellers every attention. The route thus travelled over, has never before been attempted by white man, and had it not been for the drought, is found to be perfectly possible and practicable, and must of necessity be a great benefit to those who desire to reach South Australian territory by a route al ready travelled over successfully, under circumstances of peculiar difficulty. Her Majesty's Ministers and the Lord Mayor's Banquet.—Tho Lord Mayor, M.P., has received an autograph letter in the following terms from the Prime Minister, in response to an invitation to Her Majesty'8 Ministers to the usual Man sion House banquet:—"My dear Lord Mayor—I am concerned to find, upon communication with my colleagues, that we are so limited in time by the arrange ments for speedily winding up tho session as to be unable to profit at this time by your lordship's kindly proffered hospita lity. I have therefore with much regret to ask you to excuse us. I may add that the same pressure will cause the abandon ment for the year of the time-honoured institution of the fish dinner." 