SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. RACING. The match between Mr D Robertson's Countryman and Air A It. Robertson s Dirk Hatteraick was yesterday declared off by mutual consent Acceptances are due to-day for the Ballarat Turf and Hunt Club Meeting, run on September 12 and Id, with the secretary, Mr Green field, at Craigs Hotel, Ballarat, up to 8 put Entries will have to be made for the Clarke Trophy, a bracelet, value 50 Sovs,, for a Handicap Hurdle Race, about one mile and a half Horses to be nominated by ladies, gentleman riders, with the secretary, this day, up to 8 p m , nomination, 1 BOV Messrs. Ogilvie, Robinson, and Co report the sale of the Kingston estate and training establishment, near Queenscliff, comprising 1,178 acres, the property of Messrs Wilson and Branch, for the sum of £8,000, Mr J D Robertson being the purchaser BEATING A fair amount of speculation was indulged in over the Great Metropolitan Stakes last evening at the Victorian Club Hastings was very firm at 3 to 1 (offered), 4 to 1 (wanted) Wallangra, who had receded during the day to 8s was at 5 to 1, (tk and off), Bonnie Bee remaining stationary at 7 to 1 (tk and off"), whilst 8 to 1 was taken about Depot A commission in favour of Isonomy, to win £1 400 or 1,500, was executed at mid-day at 100 to 6 and 7, and in the evening Isonomy and Little Sister were supported at 100 to 8 each, which figure was booked in favour of Comet Privateer and Rapid were both backed to win small sums at 100 to 7, Hurricane coming in for some attention at 100 to 6, to win about £1,000 100 to 5 could be ob- tamed about any of the others. VICTORIA AMATEUR TURF CLUB SPRING MEETING The following are the acceptances for the Caulfield Cup Great Foal Stakes, and Caul held Guineas to be run in October next - THE CARE FIELD CUP, Final payment (at scale) All horses not scratched at 4 pm on usda) 11th October will be cou ordered acceptors and held liable to the club for the balance (15 set s each) ' st, lb Hon W Pearson s b h Commotion, 6 yrs, by Panto Evening Star 10 1 Mr J O Inglis s b h Malua, a yrs, by St Albans Fella 9 12 Hon W Robinson s b h Welcome Jack, - ) ra, by producer- Miss Hat 9 * Hon J White's by Martini Henry, 4 star, by Musket-Sylt in 9 4 Mr J Redfcarnsbr li The Plunger, Byra by Argus Scandal Lad) Mail 9.3 lion W Pearson s b or br li Frylntrpan D ) rs, by Bethnal Green Saucepan 9 2 Mr I' J M'Allstcrsb hair Modred, aged, by Traducer Idalia 0 1 Mr W Gannon's b or br h Sir cent William, (J yrs, by a o-tendon-I adv Hooton 8th Mr A T Smart s b h Warwick, 4 ) yrs, by Mark b)ong The Fawn 8 8 Mr D S Wallace's b h Chuckster, 6 yrs, by Intldcl-Little Nell 8 7 Mr H R Falkiner's by; Kings good Over 8 2 Hon J W White s g h Despot, 5 yrs b) Marsh) r long-felt chair 8 2 Mr S Miller s b or br h Boolka 6 yrs 8 1 Mr A R Blackwood br or bk li Duration, 4 yrs b) Hughendon-Hinno Musical 8 Mr they s s b h Rapid, d yrs, by Rapid Bay -Dolly) Varden 8.0 Mr S G Cook's b h Anglesey, 5 ) rs, b) Hay thorndon Algeria 8.0 Mr D S Wallace s b h Capri, 4 yrs, b) Yatton don Mandragora 7 13 Mr W T Jones s b g The Andes, aged, by St Albans--lnetuie 7 to Mr J Leek s bar Colstoun 6yrs 7 11 Mr B O -tailors Hastings, D vrs, byWil berforce Carlotta 7 11 Mr T Barnfield s b or br h Sir Garnet (late The Hebrew), o yrs by Country) maudlin Under 7 11 Mr M Loughlin s b g Britisher, (I yrs, by John null-Favourite 7 11 Mr 1 (1 Inglis s b g Scaramouche, aged, by Bethnal Green Gironde 7.10 Mr J W Whittingham s oh h Ironmaster, 5 yrs 7 9 Mr J G Reid s eil g The Ghost, aged 7 9 lion J VI into s ch c Salvo, 3 yrs, by boiling -Stella 7 8 Mr I I outsider s b g Maroney), (1) as by Cap tivator Meta 7 8 Mr I Whittingham s b or br li Claptrap, 3 yrs 7 7 Mr T Patrick such li Baron von Mueller aged 7 7 Mr J W Wilson's (jun ) ch m Conjecture, 0 ) is, by Gang, lor«ard-Poradi venture 7 7 Mr M Jacobs's ch h Ned of the Hills, 4 yrs) Pride of the Hills Enters 7 7 Mr J A Langsbr h mercy yrs, by Gemma di Vergy Kitt) 7 7 Hon J Eales s b g Comet (late Manilla) aged, by) The Drummer Regalia 7 7 Mr E Evans s chin Victress, 6 yrs, by Proto Martyr Gwendoline . 7 6 Mr J Sells g g To), 4 yrs l>) Lecturer V Actress 7 6 Mr A. F Sullivan g h Yately aged 7 2 Mr G Davis's b m Catherine aged, by The Gondolier Alice Drew 7 4 Mr M Griffin s eh li Battalions (late Brisbane), 6 yrs by Warden e-Queensland 7 4 Mr R G Talbot's sold in Blink Bonny) (Braby St Albans des 7.3 Hon W Pearson s b g lion Hand, 6 yrs by Brasrdo 1 coal crisis 7 3 Mr J Redfearn s eh li Bend Or, 4yrs, b) thing of the Illili,-Dev leo 7 2 Mr T L Baker s br m Morceau, 4 j es, by Mail byrnonj,-Scraps 7 2 Mr J Paterson s br g Black Diamond, aged 7 Mr J O Inglis's br c King of the Gipsies 3 yrs, by Gang Forward Black Gipsy 7 2 Mr M Jacobssbo Rufus 3 yrs by) King of the Bing-Princess Alice- 7 2 Mr I Foulsham b g Paganini, 6 yrs, by) St Albany Muriel 7 2 lion M Pearson's b g Plausible, 6 yrs by Vagabond Plaudit 7 2 Mr W Branch she Silver King 3 yrs, by First Kim,--cnoiit» . 7 0 lion J Ladies s che Pi Ince Imperial, 30 is, by Kelpie Queen Head 7 0 Mr E Kcv s s b h Lord Clifden aged by Lord of the Hills-Legend (Imp ) 7 6 Mr T Chirnside's ch m Beeswax, 4 ) rs by King Cole Beeswing 7 0 Mr A R Smart a bl li Privateer, 4 yrs, by Rapid Bav-larosltc 7 6 Mr R I' Wilson s b or br h senior, 4 j is, h) King of the Bing Senorita 6-13 fr J G Bold s b h Norfolk o) is Old Mr J H Cowell b c Sirocco, 3 yrs by Pis cator-7eph\ r 0 12 Mr H R Falkiner's b h Meteor, 4 yrs by) St Albans Deception 0 12 Sir M J Chrkesbrg\emct, 4 yrs, by Boy death-rate of 11 Dr C H T Hart's ch li The Ascot 6yrs by Slanderer- Morris Dancer mare G H Mr H B Tothill s chh Lord Wilton 4yrs by Country man-Instep (J by Mr J Brewer's br h Robert the Devil, 6yrs by _Ialih)rnong-Cremorne 0 11 Mr I L Smith s li h King Charles (late Sir Charles) yrs by) Talk of the Hill Pirates Daughter 8.10 Mr W H Gra) s b h TI) nig Jib, 3 yrs, b) Ace -loam 0 10 Messrs R Robertson Brothers her br f Helene, J yrs by Conntrvman-ilnllnder die Mr A Selman s b m Too Loo, 4 yrs, by Morn by monoline 0 10 Mr C W Bowman's bro Lavington, 3yrs, by Couiitnmin-None) 0 10 lion J Killey bro Honc)dc«,3)rs,byGolds boroUph-cjueen Bee G 16 lion Vv Robinson s eli o Eskatos, 30 yrs, b) Korarl-Mermaid 0 9 lion J Eales s ch g Tomboy, 4 j es by V liber force Homing Ghi 6 9 Mr C O Sullivan s cb h His V worship, 4 yrs, by Warlike- Alia 9 9 Mr W Kerr's b m Fleurette aged, by St Albins-Ortsetto 0 8 Mr R. Howie s eli o Seahorse, J yrs, by Kelpie -Claribel 0 8 Mr A F Bradshaw ns bl li Permit 4 ) rs, b) Smuggler-Cats) 0 7 Mr J C Hadley s ch c Hawthorn, 3 yrs, b) Kelpie The Thorn 0 7 [N li The aged five- and at the time of running. THE THAT LOVE STAKES All horses not scratched and the forfeit of 5 sovs paid to the V A T C secretary at or before 4 p.m. on the day of general entry, will be considered act editors and held liable for the sweepstakes Mr T Mitchell s b or br f Men-) Vines b) G lemons -Catherine boy ton Mr J W lilttineham s br of Local Option, by Argus Scanual-Barmaid Mr J W Whittingham s ch f Oclsta, by ArgusSeandal -Atlanta N Z Stud and Pedigree Stock Co s br c, by Miss essences Mr T Lamond s bro- Enor b) Musketry ra Hon W Pearson's br c Gastmrncr, by Angler Gasoline Mr S Miller's ch f Narowcon, by tadvkirk-FU Mr W Branch's here b) biiejlshmau- Foambell Mr M Branch s b of School Girl, b) King Cole King of the Itine-Musidora mare Mr T Wilson's br Waiting Maid, by King of the The Mischief Mr I Wilson who c First Prince by First King. Senorita Mr J Wilson's bro- Ringmaster, by) First King Yardley Sir W J Clarke's b c Sauvignon by Bordeaux Petrea Mr W Darginsbf b) Julian Avenel Parachute Mr A Tone s a t Cloth of Gold by King Arthur (Imp) Mously Mr R L Phillips v the Lady Adelaide by showman ster-Adelaide Mr J Leek s clip by) Newminster Lady Susan Mr W E. Dakin s ch c Carey, b) Slanderer Regina Mr W H Kent's b or br f by Epigram (imp) Olive (and ) Mr. W H Kent of by Epigram (imp Legend (imp ) Mr G Lee's ch c Ellison, b) King of the Ring Sappho Mr O Rees bl or g by King of the Ring Emily Mr O Lee's ch c Hampstead, by First King Neill Mr W Bladder ch f Lady) Wilton, by Country) man (Imp Instep (imp ) Mr W Blackler's ch f Encore, by) Countryman (imp Miss Heslop Mr M Bry ants br of Lady Peel by Count) von (imp )-U!uo Bull (Imp ) Mr C H T Hart's go Islander, by Countryman (imp Britannia THE CAULFIELD C GUINEAS, A sweepstakes of 10 sovs each 5 ft with 300 added For totals of less then three ) years old The second horse to receive 7- sovs. and the third horse 2 sovs out of -hostal o Entrance, 2 says to go to the race fund this being the only liability for horses struck out before 4 p m 1st September, ISM Colts 8st 5lb fillies est One mile The forfeit of favors to be declared and paid to the V All secretary on or before day of general entry) (01 stabs ) Althorpes not scratched and the forfeit of 3 sows. and to the Arc secretary at or before 4 p m on the) of general entry will be considered acceptors, and held liable for the *ute|tstakos Mr J Mitchell's b f Itebus b) Glorious-Acrostic Mr J W hl.thijmii s ch c Merrimu, by Argus Scandal-ChifTolinicl of Mr .X1 lambs s b c Rufus, by King of the Bing Princess Alice Mr S Miller's br c Parr b) Iad)Mrlt-MUsic Mr W Branch s b c Silt c King, b) Hirst Flag -. works in Bruchs eli t, Bonne Fortune, by Julian Ti me)- as; lilaii«,imp Mr O Davies be David, by The Gondolier Alice Drew a , Mr H Alfred s b or br f Chico, by Maribyrnong Housemaid 2. Air P T Hovvvooddbc-cporello by Don Giovanni -Affectation Mr W Gordon 2 ch f Sandal by Winterlake-In Mr It Love's br f Helene, by Countryman The finder Mr H Tothill's b of Gratitude, by Countryman Serenity Hon J White's be Tremendously Tester-Agita tion Mr A F Smart br o Coir, by Pinto Cocoa nut Mr J B Cowell a b or bro- Sirocco byPlscator Zephyr Mr E. de Mestre s br c- by Robinson Crusoe Cracker Mr E-Ytcekaa bro Bohemian by Maribyrnong Nina. Mr A. F Smart's be Cairngorm by Maribyrnong -Amethyst Mr W Forrester's ch o Vt Weetalabah, by The Drummer Brunette N K. D Bovo Sec. V A T C THE GREAT METROPOLITAN STAKES [BY SPECIAL WIRE.] (FROM AUGUR OF THE AUSTRAL ISLAND J SYDNEY-, MONDAY NIGHT Another bitter pill has been administered to the public by the scratching of Off Colour for the Metropolitan -after his running for the Spring Stakes the race seemed a real good thing for him but his owner made no secret that if he could not get 2,000 to 200 he would scratch him today Somebody made an attempt to obtain the money, but succeeded in getting only about £1 300 at the price and thereupon Mr Branch scratched the colt His doing so has caused much indignation At the next meeting of the Australian Jockey Club Mr Scarr intends to propose a new rule which will meet cases of the kind. He will have the support or every right thinking man in the community, but the love of the almighty dollar seems to be so strong in the breasts of racing men of the present day that it is doubtful if he will receive sufficient support to enable him to carry his point There was a good attendance at Tattersall s to mile, and a considerable amount of betting took place on the Metropolitan. Hastings was first favourite at 4 to 1, and Bonnie Bee was in strong demand st b tok Wallangra who has undergone the shuttle cock process was nominally at 6 to 1 and Des pot, who has been backed for a good deal of money, was also in some demand at 100 to 14 The best price offered against Comet was li to A good deal of money went on to Little Sister at 100 to b and 100 to 7 Isonomy also received a good deal of support at the same price and Hurricane was backed to win 5000 at 100 to a, while 4,000 to 100 was booked about Palarenda 100 to being taken about Albert Victor After the sensational tactics adopted by certain owners and as there seems to be a great amount of mystery in connexion with Wallangra for the Metropolitan I don't care to stand by him My impression is that Comet, Little Sister Bonnie Bee and Despot will furnish the winner, and it a rank outsider should do the trick, perhaps it will be Albert Victor However, I shall give my vote, to Comet and Despot The other events will, I think, result thus -Shorts-I explorer or Espiegle, Maiden Stakes Tremando or Tempe, Selling Plate Paul or favorite Squatters Handicap Tram or 1 Fernlea. AUSTRALIAN JOCKEY CLUB MEETING [BY SPECIAL WIRE] (FROM OUR Ott N CORRESPONDENT ) SYDNEY, MONDAY The following weights were declared to day for the Australian Jockey Club Meeting - no SHORTS HANDICAP Six furlongs st lb st lb Rapid 1 10 Liplorcr 7 6 Battailous J Moreton 7 - Privateer 8-12 Honey dew 7.3 Hypatia 8.10 Uproarious 7 1 King of the Gipsies 8 7 Sunrise 7 0 Here s Luck 8 6 Prince Imperial 7 0 Div b ; Burraneer U S -falling 8.0 Finesse (1 9 Princess of Lorne 8.0 His Worship 0 7 JSepicalliua 7-12 Sylvester's 7 Bryan OF ) at 7 11 letters 0 4 Tomboy 7.10 Revenge 0 4 year 7 2 Rebus 3 2 Espiegle its taplan 7 9 7 6 Regret Sitka 0 - (1 0 Venetia 7 7 Fires 11 0 Howlong 7 7 Indignant (1 0 Erin 7 7 Little Star 6 0 lar while 7 6 Sixteen Years U 0 Alphabet 7 6 SQUATTERS' HANDICAP One mile a id a quarter st lb st lb Hastings 1) u Lord Clifden 7 0 Ila) Id o s Desmond 0 1 Hurricane S H Tramp and Battalions S 9 (Fernlea U 16 Bonnie Bee 8 9 Mlnnonmrrn to 10 Bristol 8 7 Albert Victor (11) Privateer s r Merlin U 0 Baron Von Mueller 8 2 Thakombau b 7 favo 8 Palais de 0 7 Lord Exeter S Sinking Fund d 0 7 -also 8.0 Prli co Imperial at 5 Iolautlio 8.0 Isonomy 0 5 Hi j the Old Gold 7 1 Mirabeau a a 7.10 Honeydew a Princess of Lot no 7.7 Morceau 5 3 Caliban 7 of Stella G S Tomboy 7 3 Indignant 0 0 Ern 7 - Miss Lil lapstone a o I'll) His SEC 7 0 UNDER. RDLEHACE Two miles st lb st lb Dundreary 11 a Uhlan 0 10 Despatches 0 1- exchange 9 7 Vldctto 11 0 Chevalier 9 7 Merlin 10 H Clementina 0 6 Omadhaun 10 9 J) amor 9 G Prince Leopold 10 7 Councillor 9 1 Alpha 10 2 Abliloi e 9.3 Sinking Fund 100 Moonlight 9.0 States can 0 12 RACING IN THE NOMHMtN 'I EMU 1 OF . [BY TELEGRAPH ] (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT ) PALMERSTON, SATURDAY A most successful race meeting was held here the day being observed as a public ball day At the settling, 100 Sovs was subscribed towards a cup for next year, which it is proposed shall be composed of Northern Tem tory gold, and manufactured in London the following are the results of the racing - MAIDEN RACE Mr Junks 9 Banter 1 Dr Morice s Deflation 2 Mr Laurie s Cushie Doo H Won in a canter HACK RACE. Mr Marker s Sultan . 1 Mr J W Johnston s Darkie 2 Mr H Morris's Domino 1 . 2 xv on cash) PALMERSTON CUP Of 100 sovs. Dr Monees Kettledrum 1 Air Marker's Barefoot 2 Mr Morck s Liberty 3 xx on cabily LADIES BRACELET Mr Marker s Barefoot 1 Mr Morck s Liberty 2 Mr Brown's Great Heart a Peer and Defiance also ran A good race FLYING HANDICAP Dr. Morice a Kettledrum 1 Mr Smith a Banter 1 on easily FORCED HANDICAP Mr Smith a Barter 1 Mr Brown's Great Heart 2 Mr Morck s Liberty 3 A splendid race from end to end, and on I) won by a head COURSING MOUNT WALLACE CLUB A special general meeting of the Mount Wallace Coursing Club was held at the state school Mount Wallace, on Friday afternoon, when the proposal from the Ballan Club to effect an amalgamation of the two clubs was taken into consideration, and after some discussion agreed to It was decided to hold a general meeting of the members of both clubs at Ballan, on Saturday, 27th September just when matters will be finally adjusted between them OlUCkl 6 The preliminary meeting: in connexion with the Melbourne Sports Depot junior club cricket trophies was held at the Sports Depot, 92 and 94 Elizabeth street on Saturday evening. Between 40 and 50 delegates from the various clubs attended It was decided That the entrance fees should be 5s " That entries be received up till Co clock Thursday evening 4th September 3. That a meeting consisting, of one delegate only from each competing club should be held on Friday evening September 6 at 8 o'clock at the Sports Depot to draw up rules and elect committee of management 4 That the names of all clubs entered should be posted daily outside the Sports Dc|K)t. A vote of thanks to the chairman Mr li Stewart Bale brought the meeting, to a close The tenth annual meeting of the Domain C C (the winners of South Melbourne Junior Challenge Club Cup) was held at the Cricketers Arms Hotel on Friday about 40 members being present. Mr. J Sloss, vice president occupied the chair. After the annual report was received and ado) ted the following office bearers were elected for ensuing season -Patrons Messrs Gaunson, M L A U Dodds A Moore president, Mr S G PI ran I vice presidents Messrs G Barnes Boyd, Cuiinuii LA Cackctt Dragon Sloss captain 1 I Tram v vice-captain L Green treasurer J Noseda secretary A Pi ran committee, W Ro) I" Townsend H h wart L Green J I frank T Kendall A Faulkner L. Noseda A Flraul During the season the cup play on played 20 matches won 12, drew 0 lost a ho club eleven played 10 matches won 8 drow > lost it After 12 new members were proposed and elected the following prizes were presented -Cup hieven-Batting average, W Roy 13 8 bowling average J 1 Frank 8 £9 highest individual score, H Ewart, 41 general excellence J Ta) for Club Eleven Batting average, II Cheese, 20 1 bowling average, A Courtis, 41 The third annual meeting of the Westbury C C was held but friday evening, Mr. W H Syd« to the chair. The following office-bearers were elected for the ensuing season :-President, Mr. W. W. Couche ; vice-presidents, Messrs. King, Foley, Marshall, and M'Mulan ; captain, Mr. W. H. Davies ; vice-captain, Mr. A. E. Bull : treasurer, Mr. F. D. Hatch ; score tary, Mr. C. C. Gough ; committee, Messrs. Kuibllnir, Willis, Bull, Davies, M'MUInn, Hatch, and Gough. It was decided that the club should enter for the Mad dock's cup, and Mr. C C. Gough was appointed delegate. SPORTING TELEGRAMS. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENTS.) WAGGA WAGGA, MONDAY. A meeting of the committee of the Murrumbidgee. Turf Club was held to-night, at which it was decided that scraping sheds should be fixed at the corner of the paddock at the rear of the grand stand, and that the tender of Mr. Longford for the erection of practice jumps be accepted. The committee decided to place seats in the saddling paddock. The programme of the Sires Produce Stakes for 1887-8 was decided upon, and was ordered to be published as soon as possible. ADELAIDE, MONDAY. About 2,000 persons witnessed a very close football match, on the Adelaide Oval, between the Norwood and the South Adelaide clubs. The Norwood got two goals and wz behinds against one goal and six behind-, 