? THE WHITE MOUNTAINS. Bt. J. G. WHJtrnsa. [The Indians were the tt M and in consequence never c Grey searcher of the tipper air, ' . There's sunsbife.on fhy sDoient walls, • > •"-A crowfi npon'ttty^for^hokd Dare, * - 1 - A flash upon thy waterfalls. — A «3nbowglory in theoioud - , . Upon thine awful summit bowed, ,.. ' The rediant ghost of a dead storm i . And mnsic from the l^sfy shroud WhicinsWhn'in giaettftby giant form, Mellowed and softened from above Sweet ss the first fond dreaiU of IbTC That meltsiipon the nudasn's ear. The time has been, white giant, when Thy shadows Jejle^ the red man's horns, And over crag and ssipenjt deiw*, ' And wild gorge where the steps of men In chase or battle might not coine, The mountain eagle bore on high • • The emblem of thefroo.of soul^. And, midway in the fearful^sky, ' ' Ana inawiSred to' tbetliunder's roll. ' ' L J{ i v* f The wigwam fireB have all burned ®ttt, , The mocassin haeleft no track; Nor wolf n^r panther roams about The Saco ami the Merrimack, And thou that liftest up on high Thy mighty barriers tu^thejSky, , ., Are not the haunted tnound Of old, Where on each crag of blasted-stone Some dreadful spirit found his throne, And hid within the thick cloud fold, : Heard only in the thunder's crash,' Seen only in the lightning's flash, 5 - When crumpled rack and riven branch Went down before the avalanche! No inore that spiritmovoth there; The dwellers of the vale are dead ; No hunter's arrow cleaves the air; No dry leaf rustles to his tread. The pale-face climbs thy tallest rock, His hand thy crystal gates unlock; Fiiom steep to steap his maidens call, Light laughing, like the streams that fall In music down thy rocky wall, And only whan their careless tread Lays bare an Indian arrow-head, Spent and forgetful of the deer, Think of the race that perished here. Oh, sacred to the/Indian seer, Grey altar of the men of old! Not vainly to the listening ear The legends oi thy past are told— Tales of the downward s(reeping flood, When bowed like reeds thy ancient wood; Of armed hands, and spectrsH forms; Of giants in their leafy shroud, And voices railing longend loud In the dread pauses of thy storms, For still within their caverned home Dwell the strange gods of heathendom! 