Blacks at Maloga. The ninth report of tho Maloga AborigioM Mission School, published by Mr. Daniol Matthews at the price of3.1., haa been received. There i an odor of sanctity about the pamphs let that must commend it to pious people. In it is recorded one oi the sneediest cxemDloa of commission it ha» ever boon the lot of Uic journa list to reprint. Daniol says: 'This woman (Rosy Atkinson) came a few months ago to tho mission, with an infant child in her arms, a bad temper, and a dangerous tongue. Now, the grace of God has converted her into a lovely Christian.' Mr. Matthews complains of the incanabilitv of abo riginal; women to resist sin. One hundred and fifteen blacks and half castes usually reside at Maloga Sta tion. During the past year, the mission received £1621 18s. 5Jd., and expended £1271 4s. 7d. Twc'nty-six are at service ; two arc net down as ramblers j and three are dead. The average attendance at the station is put down at 92|. Their colors are described as half-caste, quadroon, and black. There 'are 57 half-ca-ten, and 4 quadroons, the remainder of the 115 being blacks. Bugot, a convert at the camp, in relating his experi ences, said ho believed ' hell was far hotter than a ' big corroboroo fire.' Johiny Atkinson said ' Yoa all know what I was — a cattle dufler, and a very wicked man, but Jesus saved me.' Edio said, ' I am saved, out tne aevii gets round mo and makes me sin.' These evidences wero given at n camp meeting in February, of which Mr. Matthews writes : ' During all this month ho experienced much of tho power of the Holy Ghost.' Eighteen of the 35 half-caste females are .under 13 years of age. Twenty-sovcn of the black females are over 13 years of age, one, the mother of three half castes, being 50 yearn of ago. The oldest b'.ack roan is Sandy Caraoron, aged 55 years ; Jurry Campbell and Ned, 45 years each, being next in heniority Thiitvono aro infants whose ages range from 1 to 8 years, 11 of whom aro from 1 to 2 years of age, one 3 years, seven 4 years, throe 5 years, and two 0 years, all but 3 being half-castci-. The results ot the Maloga Mission must be cheering to Daniel Matthews nnd gratifying to his Christian friends. An important meeting of members of Cooma Pastoral, Agricultural, and Ploughing Association is advertised for 2 o'clock on Saturday aftornoon in Mr. Thornton's Railway Hotel. A deputation from Bombala, in troduced by Mr. Badgcry, M.L.A., waited upon tho Acting Minister for Works, and urged the construction of a railway from Cooma to Bombala. Mr. Bibbs promised to have the survey made as rapidly as possible. We have icceived a letter from Mr. Harold Alison , secretary' and treasurer, stating that Cooma Brass Band paraded tho te'wn last Satur day to demonstrate the anniversary of the band, Wo heard the music, which was good, and as fit to cele brate Beach's aquatic victory as the band's permanent establishment, A meeting of tho members of Cooma Amateur Dramatic ..Club, well attended, was held at Mr. W. T. Cohen's Cooma Hotel last Wed nesday evening, when all business was gone through' satisfactorily. Mr, D. Williams was appointed secretary, and Mr. J. McGeorge treasurer. The club passed a vote of thanks to Mr. Chantler for his assistance as scene painter, &c.; Walter Arbuthnot Simpson, gas fitter, of Cooma, late of Goulburn, insolvent, intends to apply for a cer tificate. Now, wo usk any reader, ' Have you seen Simpson ' in Cooma lately. George. Sirrpson, engineer, and William Kingston, laborer, of Goulburn ;. so is Joe Smith Oddy, brewer, who now resides in Tam worth. W. A. Simpson lives at present at 115, Palmer- streot., Wool* oomooloo. We have received the sixth quin quennial report of tho Australian Mutual Provident Society (estab lished 1849), showing the profits for 1884, and business since its estab lishment. It is the most prosperous life assurance and endowment society in ine word. The report is printed in an elegant manner by Mr. John Sands, Sydney. Every person ought to read the able rcpoit furnished by the Actuary, Mr. Mori ice A. Black. Copies of the report enn bo had from Mr. A. Ralston, secretary, at the head office, Pitt-street, Sydney. The sale rooms of Messrs. Bligh and Welch in Cominigiioner-street, Cooma, were crowded on Thursday afternoon. Mr. C. F. Welch wjeldcil tho hammer, and commenced with Lccount's conditional purchase of 280 acres at Mummibucca. Tbo bidding for Lccount's selection was confined principally to Messrs. M. Engelman and W. CoKgrovc, J.P., and it was eventually knocked down to Mr. Engelmani's bid of £587. Just after the buyer was named, Mr. W. Gosgrove offered him £20, then £50, on his bargain, but Mr. Engelman refused to sell. Then Mr, Welch put up the town lot of 1 roojjj 25 percnes in Commissioner-street,, with stone dwelling lately in the occupation of Mr. Gunn ; Mr. James Devcreux, senior, was the purchaser, the lot 'realising £411. The biddbga for Mrs. M. A. Arrold's town lot reached £180, but that did not cover the re BOITf), '.'.'? ?'{?? ' 