v TUIE TANTALUS ROUND TABLE, BRISBANS SOaOOC'OF ARTS. ?Wo. XXXIII. By ' VsiBOKrwAi.' 'Lettbbs nnd Memorials of Jane Welsh ? C&rlylo;,' prepared for publication by Thomas Oarlyle, edited by J. A. Froude. in three vols., is the full and particular title o£ what will, [ am ?certain, be a well-read work, and deservedly eo. Mr. Oarlyle's share in tho matter seems to havo b en the arrangement of the letters in duo time order j the supply of, in moBtoaees, appro priate connecting links, and explanatory foot notes, these, in very many instances, being mero «jaoulatory commonts and Bingularlv inappro priate. J. raean suon aosuru uoiumouu «™u- 'angelic' and tho like, which, if wo hear from a recently-made widower, en ?BbliB us with safety to predict that * he will mnrry again in, say, three months. Mr. Froude's work was light enough. He has, however, been pretty roundly rated for allow , ing tho work to bo published. In mv opinion ho has done a praisoworthy deed. To have de prived tho world of such human productions wou'd have been an error of judgment and a los*to the world. Mrs. Carlyle was a clever ?woman ; she was a womanly woman, and a right good wife to a man who noeded snob, nn one. She could write letters j there can be no doubt about that in the mind of any man or woman who reads these. Sho could manage a house j bIio was not one of those pitiful traipses whose only qualification for wifehood is their ?sex. Ab for what, aome reviewers have said about ?her grief, broken-hoartedness, and such like, ?caused by her husband's nogloct, what woman in Brisbane would escape the same verdict^ if all letters writtou by, her in all tho varied moods, bodily and mental, of over thirty years, to friends to whom she could open her heart, ?wer* published as those are. 1 fear wo hus bands would get a severe wit'g'ng from hyper critical reviewers themselves probably su premely forgetful of their own wives. So far as I am concerned theso volumes have lod mo to feel that 'lhomas Carlyle was blessed with the love, the oversight, and the help, of a grand woman, and that that grand womanly woman knew she had a fine fellow as a husband, and that in spite of occasional and very temporary periods of petulance, due largely to physical causes, Bho adored her husband, and in hiB success and the admiration of men for him she found her chief joy. Merely, by- the-bye, I have an idea that if she had had a few ohildran Bhe would have been one of the happieet, as even without them she was ' one of tho proudest, women of _ the century. She appears to have had a similar idea (see Letter 117). Another, by the bye— lhe wife of a roan who writes a ' French Revo lution,' ' Life of Oliver ' Cromwell,' and ' Frederick the Great,' cannot fairly oxpret to have superadded to the i-lory of such a posi tion, the myriad attentioBB which alady's man, incapable or such productions, may manage to -show, and, if the producer of 'French Revolu tion,' &c;, be moreover the victim of a villain ously ill-acting digestive apparatus his domesti city is liable to 'still further diminution. Since ?writing the foregoing, I have, by a Boxt of accident, fallen upon the 'Contemporary Benew,' for May last past, the first article ?wherein is headed ' Mrs. Carlyle,' and is the * work of Mrs. Oliphant. She blames Mr. Froude for issuing the volumes ; in this I do not agree with her ; but the following extracts will show that one of world-wide fame, and a known-by-few scribbler for The Telegraph think' alike over and about . theiie volumes. ' Which of us could bear that, revelation ? To havo all the secrets of 3ur closest relationships laid bare, all tho hasty ?words we have said, and repented, of thoso most dear to us j all the complaints and repinings that have burst from our lips when the burdens of life have been too many for us.' ?? We confess that the manner of mind which can deduce from this long autobiography an idea in jurious to the perfect union of thPBe two kindred f ouIb is to us incomprehensible.' ' They tor mented each other, but not half so much ae each tormented him and hsrself ; they were too like eaoh other, suffering in the same way from nerves disordered and digestion impaired and excessive self-consciousness, and the ahsonco of all other objects in their life ' ' Tbeai volumes were announced as prepared for publication by Carlyle himBelf, and to they were in great part, ?with many interjected n^itcs which we can scarcely c»ll less than- stupid, besides some valuable explanatory detailB.' '?The Real ford Byron,' by J. 0. Jeaffre Bon. I don't know anything about Mr. J., be yond what he on the title page of these two volumes says of himself — ' author of ' A Book about the *O.ergy,'-' A Bo -k about Doctor-',' 'A Book about Lawyers,' io.'— probably com pilations of yarns about sundry profts-ional gentlemen, making no great demand upon either brain or '? cheek,' but both must be tasked pretty heavily by the man who wu.uld attempt to delineate the real Lord Byron. The mere mention of tho name e.ists me fiveantt twenty years back (ulas! for' the flight of yeara), when one Sunday morning, after Irving to teaoh Eome country folk, almost, within sight of the wails of Newjtead Abbey, 1 strolled itito the old-looking church of Hucknall Tor Imrd, and Btood on the Btone which lay above the body of the poet, rtading the inicriptionbnatablot placed on the wall abovo it. ' In tho vault beneath, where many of his ancestors nnd hia mother are buried, lie the remain' of George Gordon NopI Byron, Lord Fyron of Boehdale in the county o£ Lancaster, the author of 1 Childo Harold's Pilgrimage.' He w- s born in london on the 22nd of January, 1788. He died at MisBolonahi, in Western Greecej on the 19th of April, 182 i. Ehgagod in t'-e glorious attempt to restore that country to her ancient freedom and renown. Hia sister, the Honourable Augusta Maria Leigh, placed this tablet to his memory.' The church is an insignificant structure, and the tablet of the plainest, bui the one holds and the other indica-es tho resting place of one of tho classic poets of his native land Byron, a veritable brain kirjg(itmay seem an anti-climax to say that Ben Caunt, a veritable musclo king, sleeps in the y«rd of the same church), poor fellow, yet grand, his failings have been blared throngh the world for over half a hundred veara. with I ffar in too ? msny points, nnkindly acoretions j bis better points whittled down to almo*t nil. Of Mr. J.'s attempt it may be safely said that, in a style straightforward and elear, he debits the author of ' Ohilde Harold's Pilgrimage '' with whatever sins against all and sundry are beyond doubt proven ; while he oredits him ?with all well- proven goodness. Fxom what point soever viewed the lifn story of this man Byron is intensely patkelic, and as one says, ' With all his weaknesses and vices, the ? mag ? nificent natural power of the man, the extra ordinary, though fitful, vigour of hia intellect, the real sjmpathy for hummity.' ... must ?always make him attractive. We cannot help feeling for him as for Milton's archangel ' ruined. ' Some months ba-k I hod something to say about J. F. Keant's'-Six MontliB in Meoca;' hero is another of Mr. Keane'a productions, benamed ' On Blue Water { eomo narratives of sport and adventure in the modern merchant service ' In the pref aeo of half a ripzen linos he says, ' In recounting the following expo ? riehoes, my desire is to ilustrate life among the junior ofHotrs of the merohant service or to-day; using, at the samo time, a certain sporting element, together with a nautical style of phraseology as my vehiolo.' Mr. Keane has managed to put togethor a capital book ; a ,., book whioh will intorojt boys of from twelve to eighty-four jeats old. : ' Responsibility ill Mantel Disease,' by T)r. Maudeloy, one of the e&rlier; volmnos of the International Scientific Series. U not, a* from its title may be inferred, the eort of book likely -. to be taken in hand by thoso to whom tho pro ductiona of Ouida and the like furnish favourite food. It is, nevertheless, a volume whioh con tains very much calculated to please the fanoy of many of the members To tho general reader ohapters 1, 2 and 9 will bo found mott attractive ; they are entitled rcspaotiv-ly, In troductory, tho Borderland, and the Preven tion of Insanity. The pages on the tyranny of organisation, hereditary influence, moral responsibility, the criminal nature, and the production of criminals, in the earlier ohapters, . are worth very careful reading, t.nd the whole ' of the chapter on prevention, emphatically so. 'Birly Law an.1 -Custom;'-' by' Sir Henry S. Maine, is a* might bo expected, a sound, good book. It begins with four choptrj on the ancient Hind 10 law, n-p«ially on lli.iwor-.hip of ancestors, and tho'laiv of inhumanoe ; there is also a chap tor on tho rules of succession to the throne and one oa tho part kings played in early law proof sses; the relation of tho' sexes in early society j olassia cation of property and of law ; tho worship of ghosts; rules for marriage with a deceased husband's brother (which last may be com mended to tho attention of all and sundry who may be suffering from nausea brought on by talk about marriage with a deceased wifos sister) ; and many otbor subjects of interest to us in theaa later days find ingenious and sug gestive treatment in this volume. Ono reviewer says ' There is not a dull page in it.' In papor 10 of this series \relfffraph, March 11, 1882) I ventured a prophecy in theBO words : ' I greatly fear Miss Isabella L. Bird's globo trotting is ovor, for I have lately read that Bho has married. After fluttering up and down in the world sli9 bas nestled at length in a hus band'B arms. Ah ! mo, &c;, &o.;,' but of a truth hore she is again, and in another book of travols ! I must for ever hereafter eBchow tho rfl'e prophetic, at any rate all oxcept prophory ex post facto ?? The Qolden Ohoreonese,' by Mrs Biahop (or as for literary purposes she still styles herself Miss Bird) is tho book which has taken tho conceit prophetio out of me. As a traveller Miss Bird has few rivals, probably no superior. She carries her eyes with her, and sees by their aid many things which othor people would not or could not seo. U'o Hong kong, to Saigon, to Singapore and the Straits Settlements, she wont. Travelling in bamboo chair, on back of elophunt. and in steam launch, sho boos what may bo aean wherever she goes, and tells the story of her wanderings in dunning stylo. Hunting up oddities in all aorta of queer pluces, boldly puahiog her way into districts whose inhabitants regard explorers with aomo sus picion, amassing much information, and un earthing funny fucts, this enterprising lady traveller deserves to be designated ' tho fa'ourito.' Of the men of mark in our Indian Kmpiro, whoso biogaphies it has been my lot in these papers to introduce, aro Sir James Oulram and Lord Clyde ; hore, now, is another tho life of a man worthy to rank with tho beet, Jihn — Lord Laurence. The book is in two thick volumes, and is written by R Bosworth Smith, whose powers as an author will need no word of praise to those who have read his books on Mohammed and on Carthage. Lawrence was one of the very best possible representatives of the best side of English character, and by the exercise of the noblest-traits of noblest manUnoss ho won his way. Connected officially with some of the mnst important ovants in connection with England's rule of India, ha was ever the worthy man. One says of him, ' No famous English man of recent tim»s has come eo near to the old Roman type of character— the inflexible will, the Bvar present Benao of national duty, the gravo dignity that whs not elated by prosperity, or alarmed by danger ; that pursued its own path in spite of misrepresentation and obloquy j that was thrifty, not from love of money, but from hatred of waste; that naa fc%o intont upon Bolid and permanent achievements to care about the minor pleasures and lighter graces of life j and with these Roman gifts there were other qualities to which only a few of the best of the Romans attained— a feeling of duty to thti subjects which made aovoreignty seem less a glory than asacred trust; a humility, and simplicity, aud self- forge fulness, that sprang from a religious feeling, all the doepor that it soldotn found expression in the oonvontaonul phraaes of roligion ' He was a hater of moro phrnspa and phrasemongers, and had a con torn pt for mere show and pomp, even receiv ing a deputation in his tlippera, and thereby leading some to say he, as Viceroy, wanted dignity. A man of character ma Bive and, in its thoroughness of honosty, most stately -a worthful man was he, and in theso volumes his life is worthily written. May England never lack men of like grin and nobleness, and may she never lack the skill to detect, and will to honour, the men of such qualities. 