j A ROYAL GHOST. A telegram from Berlin says :-A few nights ago thc famous " Wicsse Dame," or White Laily, n¡iirítii'/amiJiar¡n of thc Hohenzollern family, is reported to have been seen hy tho sentinels before thc Alto Schloss. Thc legond of this apparition ia well known. An ances- tress of tho liohenzollerns, Countess Orlamondc, is said to lcavo her grave and walk, in solemn and measured step, tho corridors of tho Alto Schloss in Berlin whenever any member of tlte lioyal Family is about to die. Notwithstand- ing their profound scepticism, most Berliners, strangely enough, still believe tho story of thc White Lady. Thc capital is quite excited over thc pi ctonded apparition. AU arc talk- ing about it a.id wondering what member uf thc dynasty is next destined to die. The White Lady is a ghost who has frequently boon seen iu different castles and palaces be- longing to the Beyal Family of Prussia. She is supposed to forbode the death of some of the royal family, especially one of thc children. Her last appearance was in 1879, inst prior to the death of Prince Waldemar. A soldier on guard was witness of the apparition, and lu his fright fled to the guard-room, where he was at once arrested for deserting his post. Twice she has been heard to speak. In December, 1698, she appeared in the palace at Berlin, and said in Latin, " I wait foi judgment." Again at the castle of Ncuhsus in bohemia when she said to the Princess, in German, "It is ten o'clock," and the lady addressed died in a few weeks. There are two white ladies in fact-one of the Countess Agnes Orlamondc, who is referred to by our Borlin correspondent, and thc other, Princess Hertha von Rosenberg, who lived in the fifteenth century. The former was buried alive in a vault in the palace. She was thc mistress of a Margrave of Brandcnburgh, by whom she had two eons. When the Prince became a widower Agnes thought he would marry her, but he inane tho sons an objection, and she poisoned them, for which crime she was buried alive. Another version is that she fell in love with the Prince of Parma and made away with her two daughters, who were an obstacle to her marriage, for which crime she was doomed to " walk the earth " as an apparition, The Princess Bertha is troubled because an annual gift which she left to thc poor has been discontinued. She appears dressed in white and carries at her side a bunch of keys. 