NEW SOUTH WALES. SYDNEY, TUESDAY. I A fire occurred at Bullock Island, Newcastle, this morning, destroying two houses, and there was much difficulty in saving the inmates of one building. The houses were insured for £550, and the damage is estimated at 5000. A fire also occurred at Albury this morning, resulting in the destruction of Curran's saddler's shop and stock, Fagan's fancy good warehouse, and Figg's bakery adjoining. Mr. Fagan lost stock worth £700, and neither he nor Mr. Figg had insured. The two shops were insured for £1,000 in the Imperial office The total damage is estimated at £2,500. The remains of Mr. J. Hill J.P., who was burnt to death in the recent Coffee Palace fire, have been identified. A girl named Annie Hart filed yesterday from burns received at Alexandria, through her dress catching fire while she was cooking for a sick sister. The tender of Messrs. Foster and Lake, at £25,880, has been accepted for the third contract for railway works, Murrumburrah to Blayney, distance 45 miles 12 chains. Tenders have been called for the second contract for this line from Young to Cowra, distance 40 miles in chainS. A verdict of accidental death has been recorded in the case of Clara Rees, whose father had been arrested on suspicion of causing her death. A child, 18 months old, daughter of W. Holmes, was found drowned in a well in ii Ginwrian's garden at Bourke She had been sent over the fence with her sister, tricolours old, by their father, and then crawled into the well. The father has been committed for trial for having caused the dtU'of his child by neglect. ' Constable Alfred Foreman was found draped this morning near the baths at Broke. He had been drinking heavily. ghost night a public meeting, held at Canton, resolved to make a presentation of gate) to Messrs. Leo and John Purves, members for the district, for getting the railway votes passed in Parliament. The presentation will take place at a banquet to he held about March next. Seventy pounds were promised at the meeting. The export of coal from Newcastle, to foreign and intercolonial ports, during 1884, was 1,547,204 tons, being an increase of 187,750 tons over that of the previous year. The body of a shearer named Donnelly, who had spent about £40 in Armidale during the previous fortnight, has been found in about 2ft. of water in the Guyra river, 12 miles from Armidale. It is supposed he had been suffering from the effects of drink. - 