FICTION. The Sealskin Mantle* By Rolf Boldebwood. Chapter XIV. On the morrow Marquerite forced herself to rise at her usual hour, devoting the forenoon to the care of Rita and Allister who, with the curiosity of their age, were anxious to know all about the city. Was that distant range of moun tains the Alps ? was it the Cevennes nearer at hand ? was there a royal palace not far from the inn ? as the gargon said, and was it true that the king used to come there now and then when he was tired of his Court and sit among the flowers by the fountain, playing with his dogs, and would not let anybody see him if they wanted ever so much ? ' I shouldn't do that if I was a king,' said Allister. ' He was en old muff. I should have the best horses in the world and go hawking and hunting when I didn't like being at Court.' ' Ah ! my dear Allister,' said madame, ' that would suffice, would it not, so long as one was toejours gai, and abounding with health, always, like you. Bat the poor king had a cruel headache sometimes, possibly, or was re covering from an illness, might he not then love to sit under the beautiful green arbors and listen to the foun tains by moonlight ? He, perhaps, had been wounded fa battle, and was oh bo feeble yet ; would it not be peace and joy to him to be free from courtiers and mob3.' ' But- why should he be ill ? Of course he might be wounded in battle, I know. It would not do me any good to poke away by myself though ; I hate sick people, too — all except you, madame,' he said quickly as he saw tears rise in her eyes. ' We all love you, you know that, don't you ? Mamma and papa and all ; but then you are like nobody else.' Rita did not speak for a while, but threw her arms round the teachers neck, end nestling into her embrace, kissed her fondly again and again. ' Allister shouldn't have said that,' she whispered, ' but he speaks without thinking ; he did not mean anything you know, darling madame ; we mow you are ill and weak, but we love you better than any one in the world, except papa and mamma. Are you not sure of that ? said the little girl eagerly ; and Allister wants you to forgive him, and give him a kiss. You will not be angry ?' 'My darling— my darlings,' said she clasping them both in her arms with sudden fondness, ' do you think I could ever be angry with you ? Poor Allister did not mean to hurt his poor, poor madame' e feelings, did he ? Kiss me my own darlings, and then we must leave oS story-telling and do some little lessons. Shall we not? We most not lose all the time, even though we are travelling. Apparently busied with her ordinary tasks, Marguerite Gordon concentrated all her thoughts upon the main object of making her disguise as complete as could be managed. Alarmed at the possibility that she might be suspected of having visited the grave, desperate at the idea of a slight suspicion ripening into conviction, dreading the result if her husband set himself determinedly to examine her features with a clue before him, she left no means untried to efface all similitude to hex former self. She then went carefully over the list of her former pious artifices, some of which, safe in the success of her impersonation, she had abandoned. She replaced the green ehade with which she formerly concealed her injured eye. She diminished her height by wearing low-healed shoes, and exaggerated the limp under plea of rheumatism. She rearranged her hair and wore a cap or head-dress which strangely altered the expression of her face. She rehearsed her French idiom, and altogether so entrenched herself in the masquerade of the distressed foreigner, which she had at first assumed, that when Mariana, after a late breakfast, joined her in the salon, she expressed surprise and dismay. ' Why, how dreadfully ill you look, my dearest madame !' she said. ' 1 am quite shocked. Tou have suoh dark circles under your eyes. Why you look nearly as bad as when you came to us first ! 1 really am distressed. Why did you get up at all ? Jane could have looked after the children.' ' Ah, my chere ! it must be then the air of France; it does not like me, I think, fine as is the weather. Recollec tions the most melancholy, the most poignant, have invaded me. I could not foretell, do you not see, that I should have been thus affected. But, indeed, I feel so wretched— surely of all women the most miserable.' And here, entirely forgetting her part, Marguerite gave way to the agony of the moment, and, hiding her face upon hands, broke into a passion of sobs. Fortunately Mariana's heart was so full of actively bene volent feeling and unselfish sympathy, that there was not room in it for a grain of suspicion ; utterly convinced of her cousin's death, and never having heard any faintest asser tion to the contrary, she would as soon have imagined that the statue of Joan of Arc in the market place might revive and prove to be her returned predecessor. 'Do you know I think there must be something un wholesome in the air, though it looks so fine,' she said. ' I hope we are not going to catch fever or some dreadful thing. These foreign towns are «o infamously drained. Do you know that Hugh is very ill this morning, very ill indeed, though I tell him I don't wonder at it. He came home quite exhausted, and looking like a corpse himself. If he had seen a ghost, as I told him, he could not have looked more changed and startled. He is . in bed now, and will not get up, if I can help it, till the afternoon. Is it not strange ?' 'I cannot think it strange,' said Madame, brokenly. ' That is, considering the condition of— of— Mr. Gordon's mind, and the place, the locale. Were I yos I would urge him to return— his health may otherwise be affected. With you, I fear something peculiar in the air of this place.' 'I will try to get him. to leave to-morrow,' replied Mariana. ' We can take the children there this afternoon, as I know he will wish that, and then to-morrow we can atari by the early train, and stop all night at Lyons. That will break the journey, and we shall not feel the fatigue so much. But Hugh's health must be considered before all.' ISo sooner had the idea of Hugh Gordon's health suffer ing been presented to her than Marguerite reproached herself bitterly for not having thought of his probable danger at least as soon as Mariana. 'That proves,' thought she with the bitterness of late regret, ' that she is more fitted now to be his wife than I am. How promptly the fear of bis Buffering in health assailed her ! How quietly she divined the remedy, while I, in the selfish contemplation of my own miseries, forgot his safety— his, to whom, once, 1 so invariably, so instinc tively, deferred every thought of pleasure or of pain. Strange, most wondrous, indeed, it is!' thought she* ' with this hateful, enforced falsehood of word and deed 1 am compelled to keep up, that I should feel myself losing almost my moral identity. I am commencing to think the thoughts as well as speak the words of a hired teacher, of one who stands aloof sympathetically from the household in which she abides, considering the white only her own paltry personal interests, shunning the holy self-denial of other years and crystallising into basest egotism. Shall I ever sink into that condition, I wonder ? Why did I not die P Why should I live now to degenerate and perish, like a lopped tree, shorn of all that made life lovely and fragrant ?' She had hurried to her chamber as soon as Mariana had left her, and now surrendered herself to a fit of uncontrolled self- reproach and bitterest grief. The season of abandonment to emotion rarely lasted Ions; with a woman in whom the reasoning faculties had always - been encouraged to predominate. She bathed her tear swollen face ; and, gradually recovering her self-possession, the disturbance of which was due probably more to physical reaction from the over-excitement of the previous night than to true mental causes, she joined Mariana and the children in the salon. Hugh Gordon entered the room soon after, and as she heard his step she commenced to busy herself with the child Rita, who had just declared that she thought Montpellier a lovely place, and would like to live there always. ' You would tire of it, my darling,' Marguerite answered, bending over the bright, animated face of the eaeer child. ' These foreign towns are pleasant for a short time, bat oh ! so lonely so sad for English hearts afterwards.' l 'Did you ever live here, Madame f' asked the child, playing with* her thin hand caressingly. 'And why did you not like it ?' ? ' But yes, I did live here long, longago,' she forced her self to cay, shudderingly ; ' and, ah! was 1 not glad to get away. I recall the time with horror, with shuddering.'' As she spoke she looked up and saw Hugh Gordon's gaze fixed upon her. She avoided his mournful eyes by. turning her head again towards the child ; then hurriedly said, ' I have the pain to learn, Monsieur, that you have not your usual health for the moment. Do you think it wise to— to— watch by the dead in eo awful a vicinagej? Should you not rather consider your duty to the living ? I speak as that friend of the family so intimate, so favoured, which yon have, oh bo kindly, permitted me to be.' ' How can I forget the past ?' answered he, gloomily, pacing to and fro with folded arms, aud groaning in un controlled bitterness of spirit. ' Mariana herself does not urge me to do so. Peacefully happy as I am in her affec tion, I cannot be traitorous to my dead love. At times the desolation, the despair, returns with resistless force. My spirit seems waited with hers to the region of the super natural. Mariana ! best of created women ! does not this vex your gentle heart P I am ever-grateful, God knows, for your sublime tenderness, but I cannot refrain— I shall not long survive to lead this divided life— 1 have had a warning!' These last words he pronounced with such hopeless melancholy, in so utterly despairing a tone, that Mariana rose up in alarm and astonishment. ' What do you mean, my dearest husband P Are you losing your senses P' ' It may be so,' he said. ' I do not feel unduly excited, though I have a feeling of unspeakable fear and dread. Still I caw her— I saw my dead love, Marguerite, last night as plain as I see you now !' Mariana fixed her bright, soft eyes upon him for one mo ment in fearful wonder, and then withdrawing them said gently, ' You have overtasked mind and body both, my dearest Hugh. I feared something of this nature would follow your over-indulgence in grief, sacred though it be.'* ' You have common sense and reason onyoarside,'hesaid. ' But there are appearances in the world occasionally which transcend both. Yet I so far defer to your clear judgment and tender solicitude for my welfare that we will at onoe return to our home. Commence vour preparations ; I pro mise you to restrain my emotions for the future within more conventional limits.' ' And what about our evening walk to the tomb f ' jshe said. ' The children are anxious to go. Shall I put them off ? I leave it wholly to you.' ' Let us all go together for the last time,' he said, with a wistful, half-pleading smile. ' It will perhaps be better that I should never return. But with my children around me, and you by my side, dearest, I may surely make my last farewell.' Mariana, who had glided to his side, pressed his hand fondly, and looked into his eyes that assent to his wishes which she so rarely withheld. On that afternoon before the sun had fully set the little, party took their way to the cemetery. Marguerite would . *~ have excused herself, but Mariana begged so earnestly that she would go in order to support her in her endeavours to rouse and console her husband, whom she said she had never before seen eo overwhelmed and prostrated, that she . consented. Winter though it was, the day was unusually mild and fair. Soft floating clouds half-veiled the sky's tender azure, permitting a transient brilliancy of colouring unknown in the austere North. The catefully tended shrubberies, the ? neat, well-weeded walks, the level lawns, impressed the children, who had £0 often connected the idea of burial, places with gloom and solitude. When they came to the resting place of Marguerite Gorden, they were load in praise. ' Oh ! what a lovely, lovely place,' said Rita. 'When I die I should like to be buried here, along with mnmmi^ and not in England. How beautiful the mountains look ; everything seems so much more cheerful than any other graveyard I ever saw. It would be easier to rise when you were called at the Judgment Day ; would it not, papa P ' ' My child,' said her father, ' Heaven grant it may be manvavear first; but you shall have vour wish if God takesyou to Him before my death.1' ' We can all be buried here if papa likes,' said Mariana. ' We shall not care to be separated even in death ; but there may be many years of life, and not unhappy years either, belore us all. If we do our duty to God and one another we shall not be unprepared to go when our time comes.' ' In the meantime,'' said MM''', in low and strangely moving tones. ' there is a duty to the living. Is it not so. beloved friends ? She who sleeps here has been wept foe . with tears from the heart, with tears of blood; her memory is embalmed with spices of the most precious, pressed from the toue heart's sorrow. But now, truly, she is dead and gone. What remains P To live out our lives— to enjoy such consolation as the good God mercifully spares to us. If she be the woman you say, and stood here where I stand, she wouid speak as I speak. Honoured as few dead women are —how few, alas !— her mournful shade will now wear a sad smile.' Here Hugh Gordon started, and looked around, from his reverie. ' Let us return to our English home, and may the dead have power to guard and preserve the living !' Carefully lowered and even measured as were the tones of Madame's voice, there was a strange fire and pathos in the words she uttered. As she finished she took the two children by the hand, and saying, ' Adieu, O, thou whom God saw fit so heavily to afflict ; may His mercy save thy eouI !' walked forth towards the outer gate. Mariana put her hand on her husband's arm, who, turning to her with a look of grateful affection, walked silently on the same path. Once he turned and gazed long and earnestly at the whole scene— the distant mountains, the darkening masses of foliage, the still bright eye. Suddenly the sun fell below the horizon ; a more solemn expression appeared to pervade the landscape. The shadows darkened, the faint tints of .sunset rapidly became dim and colourless ; a breeze moaned among the leafless trees, mingled as they wore with the sombre evergreens. ' So set the son of my life,' he said ; *' so faded all light and colour from it in one fatal hour. But for you, Mariana, I should have lain in that grave ere this by her side. I cannot forget my love for her who was once the very lamp of my soul, bat do not doubt . . my affection for you, my chief earthly blessing. You know every thought of my heart, and have always, like the angel . of pity that you are* borne with me.' 1 feel that I have tried you too hardly. My grief has 'been selfish and engrossing. Henceforth I will endeavour to control myself.'* 'I would not have you repress one single thought, my - darling Hugh, , said M^rianay clasping his hand ana looking at him with a half -divine gaze of love and pity in her soft bright eye ; bat I must really urge you to think of ' your own health. It is dear to me, you know, do you not? and what would the children do without you? What would all our lives be ? ' Your grief is sacred and natural, but do yon not think that it may be . unwisely indulged ? 'ton do ' not look like your own self even now. I shall have to tafaa ' strong measures when we return.!' The journey across France, the voyage to England, passed with but the ordinary incidents of travel. As the distance increased from the scene which recalled the great sorrow of his life, Hugh Gordon's ordinary calmness of habit returned. Mariana, ever assiduous and watchful, was delighted to note the change in voice and general manner. He com menced again to observe the various traits of manner— the' curiously differening ways— which strike the observant traveller. He compelled himself to converse with his children, pointing out to them all that was worthy of being remembered that came within the scope of their Intelligence. He mixed in conversation with such chance acquaintances ' as the hour provided ; and though still reserved of .general . habit, as was his wont, Hugh Gordon presented upon the . day on which they reached their home a very differen1;. aspect from that of a few days previously. '.How thankful I am tofaeathomeagain,' said Mariana, as they onoe more drove up to the well known entrance. 'I ' have been suppress my anxiety about, the dear children and the household until 1 feel quite desperate. Oh ! here they are —look Hugh ! Reginald, and Emmeline,nurse with baby behind— how well he looks, darling pet, quite fat, I declare. Come in Madame. Oh, how happy I do feel.' There was the usual joyous tumult which occurs when heads of households return after a short absence. Cries and ejaculations, lavish gestures of affection, childish wonder and admiration, the respectful greeting of servants; a general feeling of gratitude for the coming rest and repose, for the safety of roof tree and property ; an amnesty for past offences, and great expectation for the future. Hugh Gordon could not escape from the general infection of joyfulaess, and Marguerite gazed on him with wondering and a half melancholy expression as she noted his eye brighten and his * features relax as lie fondled the later children of his hearth and gave mild assent to wifely assertions of a development of beauty and intelligence in diem altogether unparalleled. In the alight confusion which occurred owing to tbeeager« ness of Rita and AUister, who insisted upon rushing into the house without reference to the heterogeneous articles with which they had loaded themselves abroad, Marguerite had, almost instinctively, withdrawn to the entrance gate, and had occupied here elf , partly as a dis traction from feelings which painfully obtruded, in methodi cally noting that the packages and trunks unloaded from the cab corresponded with a list which she read from her pocket* book. Attracted by the arrival of the family, and the tmwonted appearance of cabs at the long silent portal, a few of the street population had gathered from curiosity, and were now surveying the whole proceedings. A few women were among the idlers, who insensibly drew nearer more easily to behold the numerous trunks, wraps, shawls, and mantles which attracted their femimne sympathies. Among these was a poorly-dressed, sallow woman, whose appearance gradu ally attracted Madame's attention. A slight exclamation, unmistakably foreign of sound, caused her to regard her more intently. Their eyes met. Something in the stranger's appearance seemed to possess -a potent attraction for laadame. The stranger advanced a few steps nearer, and Marguerite shuddered as she recognised the hard feline features, (he cruel eyes of la chatte de» bois. 