Taking Time by the Forelock. i The following cablegram appeared in the Courier of November 20th:— ALTERATION OF GREENWICH TIME. London, Nov. 17. On the first January next,Greenwich time will be altered, so that the hours will ran from 1 to 24 instead of 1 to 12. This, which- is supposed to be by scientists a liuo-e stride in advance of the present system, will be°a good thing for watchmakers and clockmakers. Dial plates must be adopted on a new principle, and it will take some ingenuity to fix this matter nattily on a small watch. The works of a watch will have to be altered to different constructive bearmgs, as the hands will have to be made to travel over a much smaller space in an hour than now obtains. But I don't suppose that watchmaking skill will be much at a loss on that point. One genius—a Dr. Whitney, a Philadelphia enthusiast—suggests that the difficulty be got over by a double row of figures on the dial plate. Only he would mix up these figures by crossing the circles at the bottom. Thus the outer rim would start with the figures 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5, and then would take a leap to 18,19, &c.; j while 6, 7, 8, &c.;, would iip into the inner circle. The reason given for mixing up this is a mixed one. It is urged that a man would know that it was day I light until 18 o'clock, and then, by shifting back again the outer rim, he would recollect that it was dusk until midnight. A nice old chance this would give to mellow revellers to excuse themselves for not knowing when it was bedtime,; A drunk would be able to plead to the' magistrate that his dial plate had lied to him, and that the truth was not in it. He could get the endless criss* crass band so fchorous-hlv muddlfid tha.t. i.ho hali*P «»«+ ^ was 9 a.m. and office time, he would wander dreamily to work at 21 o'clock, or three hours before midnight. Why not let the figures run smoothly in succession F If a double ring is used, one lot could be labelled a.m.," and the other "p.m." Or "morning" and "afternoon." There will have to be another change made to fix things right with the astronomers and nautical almanac men. The astronomical day must begin at midnight instead of at mid-day. Otherwise it would be to-day in the morning and to-morrow in the afternoon. When Saturday came along we wouldn't i know whether we were in this week or in the middle of next week. And what a mixing up of dates there'd be on the last of the month, or on the | inevitable fourth. * Why, the promissory note day j would be round twelve hours ahead! Oh, yes ; they i must decidedly change the beginning of the astro i nomical day, or we shall all lose half-a-birthday every year. With a whoop of derision, we yell, as did our English ancestors before, when the Commons. changed by Act of Parliament the state of the ' Calendar—" Give us back our eleven days/' Sailway time-tables will have to be re-organised and a distinct advantage will accrue to the festive roysterer. Instead of having to catch his 11 o'clock train, he can loiter out until 23 o'clock—an evident i gain of 12 hours' festivity. And- the church-yards ! won't begin to yawn at the witching hour of 12 as heretofore. They must yawn, and, their ghosts walk at the festive hour of 24. This will be useful intelUigence to some poor devils^, with whom, the ghost never walks ! 