SPORTING NOTES. RACES TO COME. iUOV.NT UAMBIER MISTER JlEKTiNO-July 9 an;.1 10. Acceptances. July 3. Night of ccntraV 'entry,' JulyS. 9 ' 1 - ' J l-he attention of liorse-owners is directed I to the fact that acceptances for the various handicaps in connection with th? 3$ouot Gambier winter meeting clo^e to-morrow night (Thursday}. Thp race booths will be gold this forenoon. 1 regret to hear th^t I)arkie, who. was being put through his facings at Port Mac Ponnell, hs^s gone lame. This is a pity, as the old fellow (so I am told) was going "like a houw oil fire!" It is anticipated that the race meeting to be held on the 9fch and 10th of next month will be as successful as any of its prede cessors, provided, of course, that the wea ther is favorable. Horses and visitors are already beginning to arrive, and the applica tions for stable accommodation are so nume rous that it will tax the resources of the hotel-keepers to the utmost. The course is in capital order, the grass recently sown having come up splendidly. What with the bazaar and races, &c.;, next week will be a gala one indeed. A correspondent writes asking the distinc tion, in a racing sense, of the terms " entry" and "nomination." There is no distinction j they are synonymous. The Adelaide Racing Club held a meeting on the old course, but the attendance was only moderate. Fair sport was provided. The Lawn won the June Handicap, Belmont and Charcoal filling the places. Acrobat I appropriated the Selling Burdleraee, and All Smoke a selling race on the flat. T. Corrigan made his first appearance on a Melbourne racecourse since his illness at Caulfield, when he rode Fame in the Steeple chase and got fourth. ' T. Hales has been -on a visit to his rela tives at Robe. Countess, who won the Bendigo Trot, has been purchased by Mr. M. Jacobs for 80 guineas. Sting, the winner of many good races, will shortly be shipped to India. In the event of the chesnut performing well there his owner (Mr. E. Weeks) intends forwarding him to England. There is a prospect of a match being ar ranged between Hanlan and Clifford. T. Malone, the New South Wales' cham pion, has made a match to give Hillyard, the Queensland champion, three yards in a hun dred and fifty, for £100 a-side, to be run on 12th July. At Newcastle," the other day, a pedestrian named Livingston, in an attempt to cover 10 miles in the hour, completed the distance in 59 minutes 31 seconds-a very fair perform ance. Mr. John Lee, of Sydney, has, unfortu nately for the stud and himself, lost the thoroughbred stallion Scamp, who was re cently imported to the colony, and for which he gave the large sum of 1,550 guineas. The hurdlerace mare Musidora has been sold to an Indian buyer. Barcaldine, who was about the beBt horse in England a short time ago, has turned "savage," but, under the.treatment of the great German horsetamer, LofHer, his temper has greatly improved. Until the horsetamer took him in hand he was perfectly unmanage able. There was (remarks " Augur") something of a coincidence in connexion with the Ladies' Trophy, which was run for at the V.A.T.C. meeting. Last year a horse'named The Ghost won, Mr. Pearson's horse ran Becood, and O'Brien rode the third. This year a different animal, but also named The Ghost, won ; a horse of Mr. Pearson's was second, and M. O'Brien rode the third. Doncaster, the horse which, after winning the Derby, was sold for £14,000 to the Duke of Westminster, has been purchased by the Hungarian Government for .£5,000. The eccentric Duchess of Montrose, who races in England under the name! of " Mr. Manton," has given F. Archer, the crack horseman, a'lump sum of £6,000 to have the fourth call upon his services, his first three masters being the Duke of Portland, Lord Hastings, and the Duke of Westminster. The pedestrian Williams, who, by-the way, is a man advanced in years, completed his iifteen hundred miles in one thousand hours on Saturday night, at. Sydney. Jfc is difficult to see what tjsefol purpose such an exhibition serves. Corrigan, who has been particularly un lucky of late, has sustained a severe loss owing to the death of his imported grey? houfid, Lftdy Hapapden, who was poisoned by strychnine while at exercise. On the night of the Victorian Oaks, about*a month sincc, Corrigan was offered £ 150 for .the puppy (who had won three courses that day), but declined to accept the price. On the day previous to the commencement of thp jpatpb, M^ryleJjone v. ^PStralia, A? G. Steel Tfas so dissatisfied with his form at practice that he remarked, " X cannot hit the ball with the bat, and oannot hit the stumps with the ball, so what's the use. of trying." Up to the last he wanted to stand out of the Marylebone team, but unfortunately for the Australians he was induced to try, and made 134 for his side. The last issue ^f the $/io.r^e*ti haa s, pic tftrg flf fieofgp Giffen," 'goqth Australia's representative in the Australian Eleven. It is said to be a fair likeness of this celebrated cricketor. Accompanying the picture is a concise account of his history and perform ances. Giffen is a native of Adelaide, having been born in that city in March 1859. He jg, tbarefpre, in his'25tli year, weighs 12st. 71bs.',' and is oft. 9£in. in height. Many good judges regard Giffen as the best all rouud man in the team, whilst his particular friends regard hicp. as opjy secand 'to (4racei Tq descend to tlje latest records of his doings in the "home oI cricket" in the present Australian team, we find that, in the opening match against Lord Sheffield's Eleven, he and Palmer bowled throughout the two in nings of the JSpgljsJjmefl v}1*1 ^VPh crushing ejfept tljat the Jiome tea pi' were'defeated! 5 one" innings. Hi's greatest efforts however, was against Lancashire, when, on the Old Trafford Ground, he scored 118 against the bowling of such renowned men as A. G. Steel, Barlow, Watson, and Crossland, and was equally destructive with the balj, ipag lauph ^3 he Bjjccaeded in cjo^ng t^eh'a^ t'r]ck'' agaihsf; some of the best "batsmen ^ the world.' This performance stamps him a§ the best all-round, player of'the a^d, in fact, he raup W. Cjrape c;lose jor being the pest all-round player in'the world. On a fast wicket he is very dangerous with the wil low, having great driving power, and good clean hitting all round. He is a medium pace bowjer, T^tl} great orpak it-Qtn ejtfcer IjdeancJ a big^i 'delivery,' wniclimajces his batys 'extremely' difficult fo ; add to these accomplishments tiia^ of bpiflg a Mag nificent fielcj, and ^e h^ye the tout ensemble o| '^ cripketer, The Casterton Race Club is (says the News) in a very prosperous state. A committee meeting was held on Friday v?bpn }t tfap-; qpiyed thaf, tfcp cl\i\i bad £^0 plapp in thp panic on a six mo.nths deposit. It js not every town that can show as satisfactory a Jbalaiipe:shpet after fts annual meeting -ng'can Castejtoa. The receipts were £992 lGs. 6d. and when it is remembered that the takings at the bazaar held at the time of tbe meeting amounted to about £500 oi £000 more we hayeso^ppcapsp for satisfaction. YjS°?°V.3 aptipn js to he ta^e^i the /utprp,' and a capital training track' is to be constructed, an improvement which will render the course all that can be desired. As a rule committee meetings are by no means attractive, but the representatives of the Casterto^x Raping Cl\ib ^ave s, happy fcngc£ of doing their Business well and of doing it \yithout the expenditure of pnnepeR sary words. A matph b^a pe^n arranged ^o take place oyer the ^ar^ama^ta, phapjpion couise, at an early date, l!et\veen Robert Edwards, of Melbourne, and Neil Matherson, a rising Sydney sculler, who recently won the All comers' Race on tbe Nepean. Matherson is thought a great deal of by Michael R\ish, who augurs that he will qnp day take a high stand against cp.^ou^l oqrsmep.' Edward Trickett appears to have severed himself entity from his Sydney associations, lie has bought $hp Oxford hotel, Rock Jiam^top., and has ordered his boats to be sent after him to Queensland. An exceedingly novel yet voluntary race undertaken by a boise is reported irom Switzerland. It appears that a, few days ago, wbpn $he .passenger train from Beine to lucerne }eft tbe Btatiou, Vohlbausen, a four year-old horse, escaped froth its master and ran upon the line close in front of the engine, galloping ahead of the traip as fa? as the pine kilometres distant station, Malters. Here, while the train stopped for two minutes, the horse got ahead. By the time the next station was reached-si^ kilometres distant -Th§ train had nearly overtaken the horse. Soon after the beast stumbled and lost a shoe; nevertheless he managed to pick him self up, and continued to run iu front of the train, arriving as victor at Lucerne, balfced in sweat, but quite uninjurc^. Hero be was caught and tended by the station authorities. Hp had ruuthe twenty kilometres in thirty four minutes, besides traversing two nasty tunnels of Zimmeregg and Senti with perfect safety. RPSTICUS. "The Monarch of the Glen," the magnifi-. cent pointing by Lancjseer, bequeathed by Lord Londesborough, father of the present peer, to Lady Oiho Fitzgerald, was sold by auction the other day, and after aspiiited contest it was knocked down to Mr. Henry Eaton, Member for Coventry, at the price of £6,510, 