THE CONGREGATIONAL UNION, The half-yearly meeting of the Congrega-<*> tional Union and Home Mission of South Australia was held in the Congregational Church, Port Adelaide, on Tuesday, October 7\. There was ? fair attendance of delegates, and the chairman (Bey. C. Mantborpe) pre sWed. 1 The Bey. D. Watidns, pastor of the Welsh Church, was elected a personal member of the union, and the Bey. Mr. Carrie, of Kyneton, Victoria, was made an associate for the meeting. The Chjjbkut read the half- yearly ad dress, from which we take the following extracts : —"The subject of spiritual power has lately 'engaged so much of my attention that I feel constrained to invite you to con sider it this morning. It will not inappro priately follow the topic on which we dwelt at tbe annual meetings held in April. We then endeavored to demonstrate that our ecclesiastical polity Is scriptural, and is therefore preferred by vi before any other. So sure are we of having clear conceptions of the nature and functions of the Church of Christ that we can never regard as of snail consequence the enquiry whether the constitution of the Christian Church should be Papal, Episcopal, Presby terian, or Congregational. Something more than mere form Is involved. Yet we do not forget that the spiritual and holy charaster of a church is of far greater moment than its ecclesiastical structure, and wo mast seek to be as near to the New Testament in this respect as we believe we are in extsrnal constitution. Careful as we may be to comprehend and copy tbe model of the primitive church, and though we adopt as far as we possibly can apostolic methods In our service for the Master, all this will profit us Httle unless we have an unction from the Holy One, and are baptised with the Spirit of the living God. Manifestly we want snore spiritual power in the ministry of the church, so that whether we serve as prophets or pastors, evangelists or teachers, we snay exert a far mightier influence for good. In a recent issue of the Soneonformitl and iH±&nU;, a writer on 'Chrittianisa tton of tits Masses,' after referring to the successful ministry of men who lived in bygone days, observed—'There is no subj act better worth patient investigation than the reason why, human nature and human needs remaining tbe same, the Gospel now preached bat so little of this high commanding power. Sooner or later such an enquiry will have to lie made, and we believe that if poshed borne its results would be most Instructive and fruitful.' Spiritual power Is sadly lacking, and there is little likelihood of our ~ ever bemg allowed to forget this as, our cen sors constantly keep our weakness before us. We are frequently informed that our kifluence upon tte community is declining, and that the great bulk of the population Is estranged from us. It would be an entertain* ing, it not profitable, task to collate all (the mussel offered by tbe press and tbe pub lic to the pulpit Would we retain and strengthen our hold on the people we must preach to tbe times, pat forward our best seen, be abreast of the thongbt of tbe age, asake oar voice heard with no uncertain sound on the burning questions of the day, eschew all dogma, and simply proclaim Jesus the Christ, reform our phraseology that we arty speak in the language of the people, cease to be formal, professional, vapid, and mane. Now, we are not unwilling to receive hints from friendly critics, and we are ready to learn, even from our enemies. But much of the advice so freer/ given Is based upon mistaken con ception of the work of the Christian teacher, and a good deal of it is valueless inapplicable, As Congregationalists we can have no sympathy with those who, claiming to be in buy orders, pronounce every minis try bat their own to be unauthorised, Irre* Solar, and disorderly. We contend tor the right and duty of all servants of Christ to speak for Him as they are moved by the Holy Ghost We cannot fairly be charged with indifference about ministerial trainm* and culture, nevertheless we ssajntailii t^a* "*B?^??"y in our ministrations is not so much a question of organisation as tA energy, of edncation, and of inspiration. Is God attending our ministry with the demon stration of the Spirit and power from on bigb! We may speak with the finish and correctness of the scholar or with the homely simplicity of plain, unlettered men, but in any ease our speech and our preach ing will not be In vain. Human in genuity Is taxed to tbe utmost to devise ——*>M"| novel and ?*??nh. > ; to attract popular notice. Sermons with taking titles on all sorts of subjects are announced, and in some instances an additional allurement in tte shape of a kind of sacred concert is pro- Tided. Tbe mighty Gospel Is dealt with as S it wen not to be Supposed that anybody would care about itfor itsovri sake, or as if it could not be trusted to do its own work and to win its own way In the world, therefore something is added to it by way of premium. ... Men who in these wajs strive to reach the masses may obtain an audience, but do they really gain a bearing* They may draw crowds, but do they save souls? They may fin pews, but do they tir^M up the church ? I pkad for nothing antiquated or stereotyped, neither do I defend those religious exercises which prove to be so dreary owing to their great knstb,bot I think that our mission is to seek towing men to tte Saviour by pro claiming tte GospeL Let tttat be done sin cerely, sympathetically, sensibly, and let our word be attended with tte power of the spirit, and we shall not be without hearers or converts. Tbe ministry of Spnrgeon and the labors of Moody and otters may be men- { tioned in support of our assertion. Unques tionably we want more spiritual power in order that our Christian consecration may is alike a duty and a privilege. For in creased spiritual power we must for ventiy pray. If there be one thing more than another we are warranted to ask for it is for tte gift of tte Holy Spirit, as all will know who are familiar with the teachings of our Lord. If there be anything we are especial^ erjoooraged to do it is to present our united thanksgivings and suppli cations to God. ... Concerning the spiritual condition of our churches I am not in a position to speak positively, but this much I do know, that from all quarters is beard the confession of feebleness and in efficiency. Tbe tone of piety ii low, there are few conversions, and meetings for prayer are shamefully neglected. Even those who are indisposed to take a gloomy view of tte state of thing! among as, and who can always find occasion for gratitude and hope, admit that there is great room for improvement. At onr present rate of progress there i* little prospect that tte world will ever be evange lised and be brought under tbe dominion of Christ. We may not comfort ourselves with the reflection that the foes of the faith are relaxing their vigOance and abating their efforts, for never have they been svere determined in their opposition to the Gorpel than they are at the present day. By all means let us look round that we may ascertain where we can mend onr machinery and improve our methods, lor slovenliness and sloth disgrace tte Christian worker and displease tbe Lord. While doing this we must not forget to look ap for a fresh quickening from God, a new baptism of tte Hob Ghost Efficiently to serve the Lord we want a faith more firm and vigorous, a zeal more enlightened and enterprising, a liberality more enlarged and uniform, and a . devotion more fervent and Christiike. This most be sought from God, and when it ii bestowed wonders of grace will be wrought in onr churches, the voice of rejoicing and salvation win be heard in the tabernacles of tte righteous, complaint will be turned into congratulation, and tte grateful stag will ascend from myriad tongues, 'The Lord hath done great things for us, whereof weareglad.' Met as we are to further tte best interests of the denomination to which we belong, and to pomote the extension of the Bedeemer's WngdW?. m ?P?togy wfll be needed for bringing this subject under your notice. Believing with Dr. Johnson, ? that mankind do not so much require instructing as they do reminding,' my aim has been to stir you np by putting yon in remembrance of these thingf. May the Lerd pour out upon as acd on all the churches represented berecfHlsowngraciousSpirit Without this in vain willbeoor ecclesiastical policy, and ia vain wiD be onr creed. Witt this we are ready for aU that the age demands at our haids. Ob, Lord revive thy works, and send now we beceeeb Thee prosperity. Give totienes of fire To preach the **wum*fi word; Giro power aid nactioa from abore Whene'er the joyful sound is heard. On the motion of tte Bey. W. B. Fictcheb a vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. M*n< uorpe for bis address. Tb* Beceetaby (Bey. J. C. McMlchael) read the half-yearly report of tte executive committee. It stated that five ordinary and two adjourned meetings of committee had been held durirjg the half-year. After the resignation of tte Bey. B. C. Atkinson the people at Alma carried on worshipping Uumielvef. Bubsequeatly an a?aagement ducted by tte gentleman supplying Hamley Bridge. The onion of tte two churches tinder one pastorate was considered exceed- Jcgly desirable by tte committee. When tte Bey. T. 8. Wniiams accepted tte pastorate at HassJey Bridge nego^ti^ wenVmtered **& *ndttwi!l-w<a pleasnre that tte com mlttee reported that sasceas bad attended the efforts oftbese who bad represented tte two churches. Tbe Bey. T. ft Williams had accepted a unanimous invitation from the church at Alma to accept tte pastorate. At the termination of the six month*' engage* men* entered into last December with tte Bey. W. 6. Fernie, tte Rose Park Church gave tbe rev. gentlamsn an invitation to tte pastorate, voles fee bad accepted, and a recognition service of bis incoming had been held. The people at Maltland, V.P.. bad determined to erect a suitable build irg for public worship, as tte room oow bclcg used was altogether Insufficient With a little assistance from tte chapel building fund the building would speedily be erected. The arrangement by which tte Bey. J. C. McMlchael was to supply tte pulpit at Mount Lofty would terminate at the end of October. In view of the growing importance of tte district it bad been decided to secure the services of a young minister from England, and Mr. B, Searle had bsen written to with this intent The Congrega tional worshippers in tte neighborhood were considering a proposal to erect a suitable parsonage. The committee regretted that Col lege Park Church was still without a pastor. The work bad been carried on by various ministers. The Bey.- J. Beed Olasson had been highly recommended, and was now on his way from England in the Superb. Mr. Glasson had engaged to visit Adelaide, and to preach at College Park with a view to the pastorate. In June of this year a letter was re ceived from the Bey. J. Hothamofferinc on be half of the trustees of the late Mr. 6. Howie, a piece of land for church purposes at Bridge port A sub-committee was appointed to make the necessary enquiries, and the report brought up was as follows :—" That after cire ful consideration your committee cin not recommend the union to undertake work at Bridgeport, and would not Kb able to da so even if the prospects were brighter than they seem to be; because the union has no minister to tend to occupy tte place, and because tte distance is altogether too great to work it by lay preachers." The kind offer contained in tte letter of tte Bey. J. Hotbam was suitably acknowledged. The attention of tte com. mlttee bad been directed toward Sflvertoo, Sew Seuth Wales, by letters from Mr. J. Port The correspondence bad been referred to the newly-appointed church extension sub- committee, who brought np a report Taking into consideration tte fact that Silverton is In New South Wales, it was considered doubtful whether the onion funds were available. The report was laid before tte property sub-committee for the necessary enquiries, and tte result would be laid before council in due form. A proposal to raise an aged ministers* fond was brought before the council by Mr. A. Adamson, convener of a sub committee appointed for the purpose, the object being to provide a sum of money for the widows and families of those minis ten who were precluded by age from becomirg beneficiaries of tte ministers' provident fond. The committee were asked to take steps to carry out this pro posal, and bad obtained tte ready consent of tte jubilee committee so that the proposed fund would be embodied in their scheme for raising money for tte various purposes con templated in the general jubilee scheme. The repeal Of the Totalizator Act had revealed tte truth in reference to tte real motive of tte patrons of the turf In promoting horse racing all over the edasy. It was not likely that things would] be allowed to run on as they are without a determined effort to secure a return to tte nee of the totalizator and an its attendant evils. Petitions were lying for signature in the dty with that object A vigOance sub-committee had been appointed by tte onion, who bad prepared a petition to be presented to Parliament, pro tbe totalreator. A hearty reception bad been given to Mr. B. Searle and Mr. H. T. Fry, the union's delegates to tte Congregational Union of England and Wales. The committee regretted that tte improvement in tte health Of the Bey. B. N. Fernie, as tte result of bis visit to England, bad not continued. Daring tte winter tte Bey. Mr. Fernie bad often been laid aside by severe attacks of illness, but arrangements bad been made by tte church at Kapunda to secure efficient help to carry on tte work. The report was adopted. Mr. Jae. POET, who had recently returned from a ratter lengthy visit to Silverton, was . requested by tte chairman to give bis opinion upon the religious state of that district He stated that he thought Silverton would even tually become a large place. Oaring his stay there he went into one hotel and saw 222 persons, mostly men, there. The population of the place reached something like 3.000. There were four hotels in the township, and three more were in course of erection. Same people considered Silverton in tte light of a mushroom; but he was not of this opinion, and considered the township would become prosperous. He held that a minister of the cospel should be sent to SQverton. The Bey. J. C Exbby mo red—" That this union confer with tte Sydney Union with reference to providing a ssinister for Silverton." Toe [ Bey. W. B. Fletcher seconded. Carried. The Frs~A>~<.'E Se< eetajiy (Mr. G. Brook rear.) read the finance committee's report The committee commenced this year with a credit balance of £7 Is. 7d.. besides £103 lying on deposit at the Batik of Ade laide. The income for the six mouths ended September 30 had been £125 14*. 5d., as against £197 for tte corresponding half of last year. The ex penditure for tbe six months had been £221, and tte sum of £103 had been paid oat of tte amount on deposit to the ministers' prod £ent fund. The (amount at present doe on overdraft was £05 9*., and £100 out of tte £300 at present on deposit would be available by the end of this month. Toe grants-maid for tbe second quarter now due amounted to £SS 15s. fid., and unpaid accounts to £52 6*. 3d., which with tte overdraft at tte bank. £93 9s. made the total liabilities of tte union £246105. 3d. The report was adopted. The progress report of tte property sub committee was next read. It stated that tte work of tte committee during tte met six months had been chiefly of a routine nature. An effort made at tte annual meetings to ob tain particulars of church properties in sub urban and country districts for permanent record by the union had not been by any means futile, inasmuch as satisfactory returns had been received from the following churches: — Port Adelaide, Glenslg, College Park, Hamley Bridge, Kapunda, Bagot'a WeU, and Madaren Yale. A perusal of tte returns lately to hand confirmed tte opinion previously expressed that it was desirable to place all church deeds. &c;, in the strong room of the union for safe keeping, either in tte custody of the secretary or in a box of their own, of which they keep the key. The Clayton ! Roberts fund bad by jedidous investment been increseea to £236 10s. 61, of which £150 -had recently been withdrawn from Hogan's property at Minlaton and reinvested or Lent at 8 per cent for five yean on pro perty at Parkside: £40 had been lent on property at Hindmarsh, also at 8 per cent.: and the balance, £36 10s. Ct, vu in tbe Savings Bank, In 1857 Mr. Roberts made over to Clayton Chanel £1,003, of which £300 was a free grant, £700 being a donation prospectlvely to the Congrega tional Chapel Building Society, to be paid by annual collections. The first payment was made in 1&39\. from which date until January 14, 1579, £328 2s. 7d. was paid, when it was agreed on both sides that payment to the Chapel Building Society of a lump sum of £150 should discharge tte debt This sum of £150, by a resolution of tbe Chapel Building Society, Lh&d; to be invested at not less than 7 per cent., and with all interest accruing had to be kept in a separate fond until it reached the original amount of £700. The fund had therefore,to be still carefully nursed for nine or ten yean until tie amount of £371175. Si. had been realised. Witt regard to the suggested scheme to erect a wooden building for a place of worship at SUverton at a cost of £150, to seat 150 persons, £.Joto be raised by that people of that town, £50 by local subscription, and £59 by loan from funds under control of the onion, the sub-committee found that there were no funds available for tte purpose, as their rules prohibited lending for use in any other colony the funds of the Coapel Building Society of South Australia. In view of .tte present legislation on tte subject of taxation they recommended that the union join with otter religious bodies in a me morial to get exemption from taxation for all places of worship, or. if necessary, to ast alone in the matter. The report was adopted. Mr. J. J. Stuckey moved, and the Bsv. W. B. Fletcher seconded—" That the chair, man and corresponding secretary as repre senting this council be requested and authorised to take such steps as they m?y deem best to have church properties exempted from taxation." Carried, Mr. A. A damson presented the report on the ministers' provident fund. It stated that on April 12 of the present year the fond stood at £2.907 7s. lid,, and since that date bad been increased by £l£o from Mr. John Aogas, and £119175. sd. Interest so that tte ?fund at present amounted to £3,127 ss. ii. There were also promises considered good for tte present year reaching £100, and further interest should come in during the half-year to the extent of about £120. The list of bene ficent imembers numbered eleven, two of whom, however, were in arrears. At the close of the present financial year the first division of profits would take place. The report was nnanimonslyjadopted. The half-yearly report of the literature sub committee was read by tte Bey. W. B. Fletcher, M.A. Tbe report stated that tte labors of the sub-committee had been directed mainly to tte maturing of a ?"hal*"* for tte publication of a 'Ifnffminatiftnal magazine, in accordance with tbe instructions of tte annual council. A variety of schemes were suggested, and acting upon tte recommenda tion of tte sub-committee. it was finally decided to issue a paper on the following basis :-2.00q copies ofa patipbiet, demy octavo in size, and varying in number of paces according to requirements, to be printed month\s>and distributed gratuitously amongst tte alin^W. E?th church to appoint an agent, who would receive tte packages and be responsible for their wooer a-isttitntfe?. Tbsf^bfiw eemmittee ££ paged to use the pages o( the magazine for tte publication of their proceedings, and to bear a proportion of the ezpenie of printing. The name of the paper b the Congreaational Becord of South Australia, and the Kav. W. B. Fletcher, M.A., had been appointed editor. The first number of 2,000 copies had bees issued. It was hoped that every person receiving a copy of the Becord would sub scribe one shilling per year, so that the paper would not be a burden to the committee. The committee recommended that the motion providing for the issue of a yearbook for ISSj? should be rescinded, as in future a few copies of the Becord would be reserved and bound at the end of the year with all the necessary statistics, thus sup. plyirg the place of a year-book. Tae report was adopted, and it was decided not to publish a year-book for ISSS. The report of the students' sub-committee was read, and showed that only one meeting of the committee had been held daring the part half-year, the only business then dealt with being the question of preparing for the ministry jcung men who were not able to go through a complete college course- In view Of the fact that there were no funds available for the carrying oat of the object contem plated the sub-committee felt that the con sideration of any scheme had better be post peced Icr the present. The report was adopted. The progress report of the Congregation*! Uiiion Sunday-school committee was resd by the Rev. J. C. Mi-Michael. The report stated that with a view of conferring together on the general question of the religious in struction of the young people connected with the denomination, a meeting was held in the Stow Church lecture-hall, which was well attended/, there being five ministers and a hundred teachers present| T#o papers on the t " Church acd the Cfcfldren," and the "Service of Praise in the Sunday-Sahool" were read at a meeting held for the purpose. The dltciusion which followed was : interest> log and animated, and it was decided by the unanimous vote of the meeting to hold similar conferences twice a year. It was considered a desirable thing that in the future the ehnrch and Sunday-school should be more closely identified than in the put, and that the church as a whole should assume the entire responsibility of die Sunday school enterprise providing all necessary apDliances for work, log it. Including maintenance from general revenue, some degree of training for its teachers, sod asystematic supervision of their labors. It was also considered desirable that an annual statistical report of the schools should be submitted to the council, and that there should be a standing Sunday-schools committee, the members of which to be annually appointed by the council. Oaring the next six months the committee would endeavor to compile such a report. Adopted. The Secretaby (Mr. J. F. Conigrave) read the report of the Jubilee committee, showing that the severe financial depression through which the colony had been passing Lad already disarranged the plans of the committee, and bad necessarily delayed an appeal being made to the denomination on behalf Of the jubilee fund. The Bey. W. B. Fletcher, M.A., bad been chosen chairman, and owing to the delay in beginning it had been resolved to receive subscriptions to the fund to the end of ISSS, thus allowing four clear years for the collection and accumula tion of the fund. After watting for several months in the hope of an improvement in the monetary rmAitim of the colony taking place, the committee had reluctantly cwne to the conclusion to abandon for the present the Ida of holding a meeting at which the whole schtme could be explained. Accordingly ar rangements bad been made by which all the churches of the denomination in the colony would be shortly visited with a view of or ganising the gifts of young people and others who might prefer to give periodically. Already jubflee euxilaries had been formed at the Korth Adelaide and Stow Memorial churches. In explaining what was expected to re sult from the visits to the churches, Mr. Conigrave said — In October, 1837, the Bey. T. Q. Stow, the first Congrega tional minister In South Australia, arrived in the colony. In the following month Mr. Stow commenced preaching, and in December of the same year the first Congregational Church in the colony was formed myi?T the pastorate of the Bey/Mr. Stow. Toe fiftieth anniversary of such events mart necessary be of much interest to OongregatiooaUsts, aod it was felt that no more appropriate thanks giving could be asade to God than one which would relieve the churches from the harden of debt which at present embarrassed their operations. It is intended to establish if possible a jubilee auxilary in each church, and the secretary or treasurer of the auxtliarr would be responsible for the systematic col lection of the Rift* and for the forwarding of all coatribatioas to the executive comnUtee. The report was adopted. Mr. J. F. Comghavi: brought under the rotice of the meeting the following petition, which it wu proposed to present to ths Legislative Council and House of Assembly :— ** The humble petition of the Congregational Union and Home Mis?irm of South Australia (Incorporated), respectfully showeth :—That j our petitioners learn with much regret that steps are bciog taken to induce the legislature to re-enact legislation authorising tho use of the tott>liz?'or machine in this calooy. That the repeal of tte ToUl'zitor A:t was determined upon by your honor able House in the session of IS£> 4 after the most serious deliberation, and on account of the pernicious influence which the operations of tbe totalizator machine hai hai in fostering the gambling spirit iv South Australia, and thereby lowering the moral tone of the community. That the argument that the rasuscitation of the totaUzitor machine is absolutely essential to the main tenance of racing as one of the national p*i times of the people, and as one means of im proving and developing the breed of horses, Is not worthy of the serious atteaiioa of your honorable Houses, inasmuch ai pre viously to the adoption of the totalizator m?^iiiffi? in this colony and other countries where the machine is not in operation racing was not dependent upon such legisla tion, but was conducted without State patron age or support; Your petitioners therefore humbly but earnestly pray that your honor able Houses will take into favorable considera tion the representation* made by your peti tioners and refute to restore to the statute book of tbe colony an Act which will inevitably foster the spirit of gambling ia the community, and will thus be the means of widespread demoralisation of the people. And jour petitioners in doty bound will ever pray." He (Mr. Conigrave) moved " That the petition be adopted by the coun cil, the seal attached, and presented to the House." The Bey. G. MiEww seconded, regretting that the petition had not been already Largely signed. If the memorial were presented as coming from the council it would only carry the same weight as if it was signed by only two persons. If the petition were numerously signed it would carry greater weight. The motion was carried. Id the evening tea, and public meetings were held, both of which were well attended. The latter gathering was presided over by the Bey. C. Manthorpp, who delivered an address dealing principally with church wostc, and giving a resume of the days proceeding*. The Key. W. K. Flet.her and Mr. J. k\ Comceave also gave addresses, the latter gentleman explaining the jubilee schema. Duting the evening several selections of j music were well rendered by the Church choir, and a collection was made on behalf of the organ fund. 