Optical Illusions. H. AVkrn the oyo ia deceived anil 11 purnon nualail by to lm what thuyaro hot,' it is spoken. of.ns (vn " optiaal ilhiaioii," Tlnr (nroi]iut,ex|)rt'sainii.'.thai V 'sr-ving i? believing": impliorf; ; that most people trust ;to >th'etr:i>yo6* tnpro thwi to their ownii ! isnaej).'J'*'lvhUyn?eD*i'; ittwith thY own . pyeii ": : is' ; ltioke'd>;ugon ris;af|? indispulabl?,?oonvirlcin?argumbnt, r 'hltlio?gll thero aro a few doubting Thomases wkft would add the testimony ol thefaeiiaoiof fool iu'g to that of sight before admitting 1 that a thing is netunlly 8q.,:7.-:,77 ..'77.::7? '7c'77.\f.-. Tho facta in tho case aro that any ono Of onr souses may mislead uV, and will do so less wo unite caution with oxporiohod.'.Ai sophists use logic to prove tho:false truo; so tho ventriloquist by the oxuio'ibo.ol hisart. : deceives tho bar, and the sleight-of-hand per: former. oheats your eyes. How is this pos* Bible? '.',,.;..- /7-;;! : .- . ?'7 : - Oortain rays of light coming from W.dtatant body enter the eye, and produoo oortain peh sationa upon the retina, which ?sun&ationaavii;' reportod lo the brain through the/ dptib uervo. ' ???' ?, .' 7.: 7 ::-77 The brain interprets the signals by U*e aid of past experience, and \va.ih\nk we havoeeen tho distant object. I" fact, wo have only re ceived a message from it. If tho telegraphic operator in Washington strikes his ltoy twite. the Now York operator writes down O, but if ho strikes it threo times tho lnttnr writes down S, unless he fails to hear tho third tick, or thinks ho has hoard but two, when ho is led into the mistake of writing O where ho should; write S. Tho signals, when correctly given, may.bo. interpreted correctly or incorrectly;. So tho signals correctly registered, on the retina aud reported to tho brain may be in correctly translated and interpreted, thus resulting in an error, an illusion. Waco, a man and a dog side by side at -a" distance of '_'0 foot, and any person with an oyo capable of distinguishing thorn will bo i able to tell which is on the right, which on j tho left. Tho eyo is not easily deceived as to position at right angles to the lino of vision,. Let tho man advitucu live feot *, it is easy to tell that tho dog is farther nway thaiv the. man. Next, placo tho man at a distanced 100 feet, tho dog at 101} feel; it is not aiv easily decided as before, although/mistakes aro rare with a normal uyo. Rut at 500' ahd; fiOO feet, mpoctively, it in less easy, aHhmigly wo can still tell which is to tho right and which lo tho left. 'The images formed on thi rutina by thu samo object at different';disV lances nre very similar, differing only _in Bize and distinctnose. For this reason"-it is diilicnlt to judgo of distances, requiring much practice. A person standing on a straight strip of railroad is rarely able to tell whether a distant train is approuohing, or receding; or at rest, so Blight hi tha change in apparent size irom which tho distance is to .he csli- r mated. Upon tho eea it is very dlfUoult, without long practice, to judge of distances;;' As a curious instaneo ol inability to judgo. ot distances, and henoo of the drroctiotr of horizontal motion, may bo mentioned, that of the governor of a (learn ohgine. At a certain uisianco (say 50 feet) tho oyo. will room to eeo thn balls turning in a. eorttiln direction, but on next looking at them thj* motion seems to have ohangrrd to tho reverse, and aftor several alternations the mind:bfl- : comes perplox?d, and finally is ablojio reo them turning oither way.' .?;?'. ?? 777777/7 i' An outlii-o drawing of a pubo' may'lie' mado lo look like tho interior or exterior at will at a considerable distance: thu'renl-oubo can bo mndo to do tho ' snm'aV ' ]\ Shading, perspective, Ac., arc resorted;i9':.by'.'ilbptitvl_i?.t. to give tho idea of distanced '??777'^:S'^7-f7'- lu the ni&Ui-r; of direction deception ia not so easy as in distance. -Onr experience: telle' us that if a porsou hits.ns in lhe' : baok Witli n : ball ho is probably behind;,noi in front nfiua,. Tho object seen lies in tho BamV'direuti6n'as' that from which tho light .comes, it; enters the oyo. It by hhy nicftna. the,;dirac-; tion of tho ray has been.changed between/the time when it; left,tho objobt arid-tho. tf;no' when it roaobod the oyo, Ibis rulo'isyiolalodi and ileaoption results..When thi? bhaugeyH: effected by tho rellaotion.it ia'attondeil-with more or less loss of light, spmetimea with distortion, and a littloexperiouooleadsmo ond' to auspect a reflecting surface. ; If the mirror' is very perfect, the most careful person- jj9 liable to l)o misled. The well-known ."ghost", is duo to tho retleolion of c. strongly.''lighted figure from a plato of unsilvered glass, .ilriny of the be?t tricks, with floating heads andthe like, are arranged with mirrors. No illusions aro more perfect than thoso produced with; mirrors. Itefraotion alwajs changes . tho apparent plabo of an object, bo that' wosebin.to'; boo tho; Bun after it has gone below : Uio horizon. A moro striking tut leas frequent phohemorioh of refraction is that known as mirage. lUs frnotion alao Bffoots tbe color of an object; : Z; Tho media through which light passes has moro or less effect upon thb ray Z.ln a 'fog objeots aro dimly seen, the effcot rosombling that duo to distanco, bonce objects look larger, for the eyo judges of tho sine ot iiii object by multiplying tbo size ot the image or impression received by tho square of -itio'-dia tanco, while tho latter is estimated from the iudistinctness of tho object. In the fog the apparent distance is increased, but'tho eye interprets it as due to tho opposite oaUBC. y- On looking at tho photograph of a Uoo,:a church, a monument, or a pyramid, it is ; not possible to form a correct idea of its size uri 1088 a man or animal ia seen iv tho aaine view with which to compare it. In nature, especially on land, the intervening- objects that load up to it give tho data on whioh to calculate tho distanco. Whero none intor vouo, as in looking from poak to peak, the eyo mu?t depend on distinctness, andSvhejte tlio air is vory clear nnd transparent,'-as:'Hn Colorado, distances seem leas thau they are.: "If the object is seen through triuisparoiit, but colored, madia, tho form remains truo, but tho colors are ohanged. On looking directly at tho loop or curvo of an incandescent lamp it is freqtiontly diftloult to distinguish its form, tho whole loop being radiant and dazzling, whilo its rollootiou is 00 much less brilliant that lho form of the car bon is easily discovered. A wire or bar of iron looks much larger whon red'hot than when cold for tbo samo reason, and a fire at night seems noarer, owing to its bright* rtesH, than in tho day. No better proof ia needed of tho fact that tho oyo doos not and oannot measure ? dis tanco, but only gives moro or less imperfect data from which the mind calculates tbo dis tanco, than tho child's efforts to grasp tho moon, and of tho dog that bays at that dis tant luminary which looks so noar ; nor can any of us, with our naked eyo, estimate tho rolnfivo distances of tho sun and stars. Tho ahapo and color of an object aro all that tho oyo alono can report wilh tolerable acouraoy, but by exporionco we learn to dis tinguish the toxUuo of substance, tho nature ol services, and many other things that belong moro proporly to tlio sense of touch. Wo distinguish Hatin from velvet aud wool from cotton nt a glunce. The painter's art largely coiiHists in deceiving the eye; in so mixing and blending hia pigments that they produco the samo impression as stone and wood, or earth and trees, or flesh and blood would do, and tho gr.iater his skill, tho more perfeat the deception. The imitation is rarely so perfect as to deceive tho experienced, and yet tho pleasure derived from the imitation exceeds that given by the reality, just as misery and and suffering, when well depicted on the stage, give pleasure, but the sight of tho reality gives pain. '. In many things tbo mind enjoys being de ceived, ond optical illusions give us pleasure, so much so that those who aro capable of completely deceiving this the ncutest of our senses get well paid for exercising thoir talents. 