A HiOjS'ilEii MAwbALEiS'. The Argonaut. Continued tmm our iatt Saturday's issue. Physically, Mrs. Trench was an ad mirable matcii for the noble mould of G-eorge Locke's commanding type. Her well-built form was large, com pact, s,T-d plump. Her cheeks were' ruddy, her gcey eyea clear, and her round facial lines all sweet and whole some. She waa the sort of woman, mon goddess. But it does not nlways ch&nce; a:goddesa smiles on the plans o£ the ?eons of men. George Locke was -astonished to find that iris friend's ob jection to his proposiiiion was b&sed; on personal Teasons. The mere detail that it involved juggling with the 'xeligious faith of. another , had 'nothing repugnant to her strong ^rationalism. He perceived quite plainly that between her compas sion 'for the unfortunate mother and 'the- 'zest she found in his original if irreverent idea, she was fnirly inclined to confederacy — until the statement of the, Magdalen's identity. Mr. Locke had, of course %een quite cognisant that Mrs. French, had broken with her ia tended husband, a week beforo the day ?set for their marriage^, on discovery of ?his entanglement with the Aylmer. And yet he had confidently expected 'that generosity and sense of justice, ??would ignore personal feeling in dealing v with the matter in hand ' 'You talk as if that poor girl were; the only sinner in the world1.' cried . ?George (Locke at last, exasperated by' her obstinacy, while timo was flying. ' You are 'thoroughly unjust to her, attd you are less generous than she. I didn't know you could be so narrow minded. Mary French, this woman you despise tries more sincerely — ay, I Relieves she does more — to help the ?weak and sinful than you do.' Mrs. 'French lifted her bowed -head in amazement. But George Locke's noble, kindly countenance was full of stqpn -sincerity and rebuke. 'I 'mean what I 'say. She preys on men, as is the manner of her kind — poor girl. But no man pays tribute to her at the expense of a family. Her speech is as blameless as your o*n, amid all the ribaldry that surrounds her-; sometimes it has even seemed to me that her sweet songs purify the atmosphere about her. 0 Mary French! you need not sneer. Men are not always full of evil. I do believo that many a one goes there to let her music work its spell on heart-chords that have long been silent.' ' I)o the people of the ' Continual ' saloon find this mission work profibible, or is it tv labour of love?' inquired Mrs. ?French, with meek sweetness. Ho went on, ignoring the feminine -sarcasm : ' Sho h:is made a veritable crusade against tho young lads, mere boys, who used to lniuiit tho saloons — calls them up to her piano, and talks to them like a mother. Ah, bah !' cried Mr. Locke, 'it is folly to e.^ect one woman to ?show another mercy. And yet,' he added, his voice tremulous with some tender memory, ' 1 have known one womaa to warrant such confidence.' Mrs. French looked up. ' Would that woman have done what you ask me to do ?' slio demanded, a certain grievance in her tono. Mr. Locke smiled to himself ab that 1 little touch of einulative'jealousy, tend ing as it did to confirm -his suspicion that Mrs. French's pride hud suffered, rather than her affection, .in tho rupture ?with her lover six months 'before. He must have been more than man, if be had failed tp perceive that her interest in himself was deeper than was strictly consistent with hopes quite blasted. It ?would have been abnormal, too, had he failtd to take advantage of that weak ness for the furtherance of his wishes. ' There was no selfish taint in. her whole nature. Sho would have aided to the utmost what I thought right.' Mrs. French rose aud looked into his face with eyes full of infinite enthusiasm and yearning pity, well-nigh 'divine. ' When will she bo here — 'that dear, old, lonely mother? Oh, wo will be so good to her, will wo not? And you — ?you really believed in my heartlessness, youknowyou did! What right had you ?to think me a Pharisee? For shame, ?George Locke ! I thought -you knew mo better.' 'In the nick of time!' thought the man, following helplessly a3 .she moved to answer the knock announcing the weaTy pilgrim's coming. And he was not the first man, nor yofc tho last— con- strained to own that, as compared to the^nimblo wiles ot women, men's art- , fulness but a clumsy and transparent ?effort. ' : Arid' so it was that twonty-f our hours later, Mary French, with diplomatic, -deferential interest, sat listening to the disclosure on spiritualism, -into which ?she ihad akilfully led her guest. It ?was not difficult to understand 'how all 'the more mystical and poetic phases of that.doctrine had taken hold in this gentle, unphilosophic mind, of anti quated simplicity. ' I do not doubt that our dear ones ireturn,' -sho said ; ' out we do not por «eive them often, for our senses are dulled by the world's gross UBage. I 'have tried .strenuously to comply with the conditions, in order that 1 might receive the materialised presence. I, have sometimes thought that if my daughter ? ? She stopped short; with a little faint cry. A woman's form stood in a win dow giving upon the long, front gallery ; a figure graceful, small, of perfect mould, compassed about with filmy, misty clouds of vaporous white ; the little head was banded round with bands of waving golden hair; tho great blue eyes were full of mournful resignation, the owcet, faultless lips were sad, the ?whole face was the face of a suffering !, angel. §he held one lovely hand toward \ ihe twin within the room, and the ,j sweet, mi lips spoke. ?4 ' Mother— return !' §Theu .swiftly aud silently the vision .„, was gone. ' I *:? # # # * * | Jack Daniel did not tarry with the I pseudo news he bore. The mother had | not spoken when he came in. The % details of his story had been skilfully I dovised. Smallpox had broken out in Flintville the week of the teacher's ad vent there. She had contracted the scourge, and a suddeu chill lwl driven it in with swift congestion. .Death had' come very soon, and immediate inter ment had been needful. Sho had died with her mother's name upon her lips. Watching the mother carefully, the young man was going on with tentative platitudes of sympathy, and the regrets of those who knew tho dead girl. The old lady covered her dim eyes with her hand, her delicate lips wrung piteously. ' You are very kind,' ahe said, still with precision, ' but — will you leave in solitude with my sorrow ? Dfear young lady, will you come to mo later on r To-morrow — I will leave you.' Without a word, MaTy French and .Tack Daniel went softly to, the room where George Locke was watching bo side tho Aylmer. She cowered like some stricken creature, still veiled by tho foamy masses of clinging tulle, that had made her appearance at the window ghost-like. The Creole touched their hostess, bending down humid eyes. ?* Say something to her,' he said, piti fully. ' I think her mother's suffering hurts her less than her position with you. She would not stay in here with Daniel, but made him go and leave me with her.' ;: . That argument w«s an. unwise one. It was not enough, then, tlnvt her old lover stood here 'with Iiih incv- downcast, in conscious shame for his relations with this fallen creature! Sho must ply her nefarious acts, upon tho other man, trading on his chivalry. ? Mrs. 'French's faco hardened as her heart grew hard again. The crouching woman lifted her tear-stained visage, and came to stand before the other, with pleading written on every line of her bearing ' I have no right to even thank you,' she said, ' and yet I would lay down ' raj life for your pleasure. : Don't think I do not feel my shame — I even recog nise the mockery of my being wrapped in this,' she bent her lips gratefully and reverently to the airy gauze about her. It was Mary French's bridal veil that she had brought out hastily when their project had beon found to lack such an accessory. ' Oh, there is nothing like a woman's kindness to a woman! The love of man, afc best, is only a selfish passion. In all the greatest crises of a woman's life, she wants a woman's ministering. I havo been so long shut out from that sweet consolation — oh, for my very soul's sake, speak to me, and help me!' But Mrs. French stepped back and answered coldly : ' I am sorry for your distress. I think your unfortunate mother will be needing me. My parlour is at your service, as anything you may require to recover your composure. Mr. Locke, my hospitality*- is in your hands.' « '?% * # * : A fire at their corral disabled the stage company's rolling stock, so that the out-going coach w:»s not in readi ness to leave until the lamps lighted in the ' Continual' saloon twinkled their reflections in the malodorous pool above the dam. The usual knot of loungers stood iu waiting as it swung around to tho post-ollico under tho uottomvoods. Young Daniel, standing despondently near by, spoke to tho driver. ' Wait, Jim, George Locke will bring yon another passenger shortly.' Jim put out his under lip, in jealousy of his importance. ' That's all right. I know. Told me he'd see the old lady 'down to tho rail road. George is a good fellow — for a rebel that was.' Tho crowd took up the word, ' Old lady,' ' Carrie's mother,' ' Going b.ack;' '. Jack, how did Locke settle that busi ness. He's kept it mighty mum.' ' Ask him,' said young Darnel, briefly. ' Seems 's if it'*s kind' of rough for Carrie to havetoplay to-night,' hazarded one rugged prospector in overalls. ' Itough nothing, lousiness is busi ness.' said a pert, young accountant. ' Wonder how the firm'll liko the lonesomo kind of tunes she's giving us to- night.' . ' G-o slow on that. Here's Locke and the old lady.' As tho pair settled back in their seats, a steady flaw of wind set for some moments thither, and brought the singer's voice and words so clearly that Jim delayed, with whip in air, to catch the old familiar strain : — ? ' Bine, tbon, and unto my soul it eli-ill m'ptn Womanhood's years have been only a clreum, \- ever hereafter to wako or to weep— Hook mo to eliiep, mother, rook me to Bleep ! ' Mrs. Piatt half rose from her place. ' That — oh, that voice sounds like my poor dead daughter's:!' And, as the coach lurched away, she hid her face on. George Locke's shoulder, with an outburst of tears that were the first she had Bhed in her sad, sorrowful sojourn there. A. F. D. 