ENTRONEMENT OF THE BISHOP OF SYDNEY. SYDNEY, Thnraday: [REUTER'S TELEGRAMS] The enthronement of the Right R v. the Bishop of Sydney took place to-day. The weather this morning was beautiful St. Andrew's Cathedral gates were opened at 9.30 for admission, which'Wfta by ticket only,aod long before 10 80 every seat allofcted-foc the; spec tators was occupied, the;arrangements; being, most perfect. The Cathedral was;not -oyer* crowded, and every taking part in the ceremony‘having- met at’ the- deanery, the following procession war formed:— The Verger v . . v / The representatives of Dioceses to the Synod (walking two .and two) from 1 North Q jeenaUpd. Ballarat, Bathurst, and/ Armidate, Qoulburn, Brisbane. New- Melbourne, Tasmania, and Sydney ‘ - ' Tae clergy of the Diocese.of;Sydney (two and two), tbe juniors preceding ' Tbe Minor Canon of tbe Cathedral The Precentor and I>y ..Members of the Cathedral Chapter V * TlHrCannns of the CHthrdral Tbe Bishops of the Province of New South W»les, two and.two ' . ' The Bishops of Dioceses in Australia and Tasmania The Archdeacon of Cumberland The Dem of Sydney . .Tiie Bishop, followed by. his chaplains and th a officials - • ■• r ' ‘‘'f- Toe Secretary of tbe-Diocese of Sydney. •The procession entered the Cathedral by the aoutb-west door, the choir singing the,hymo,• “ Tbe Church has ope Foundation," and then proceeded up tbe.nave towards the, holy table, Bi§hpp_Birry faking bis seat at tbe east end of tbe. sacrnrinm. The Bishops of Mel bourne, Brisbane, Newcastle, Bathun-t, Tas mania, and Perth'were on the right side of the communion table, and the Bishops of Ballarat, Goulburo, Adelaide, Q leeotland, and Grafton on the left. Tbe Bishop's chaplain sat under thethrone,D<*aoCowper beinginhisusual chair. The representatives of dioceses of Aust’alia and Tasmania eat in tbe nave, the clergy in seats reserved for them at tbe east end of tbe choir. A voluntary followed Mr Montague Younger, the cathedral -organist playing the "Hallelujah chorus." Morning prayer then 'followed in G. Paalma Ixxt. and Ixxii. from tbe cathedral psalter end tbe chauts then followed. Tbe first lesson was taken from Isaiah IxL, being read by Cmou King, after which (he Dean and Archdeacon conducted Bishop Barry to bis throve. Tbe Bishop banding to (he Deru tbe Notorial Act of bis consecration, which was afterwards rend by tbe Official Sec retary, the Dean at tbe conclusion placing in the Bishop's bands tbe pastoral staff of the lata Bishop, and addressed him as follows: “Iq tbe name of God, Amen, I, WDliam Macquarie C'Wper, Master of Arts, Vicar- General of tbe Diocese of Sydney, and of the Cathedral Cuurch of St. Andrew, in tbe City of Sydney, aud Archdeacon of tbo said city and suburbs, do hereby induct, instal, aud enthrone thee, Alfred Barry, Doctor iu Divioi’y, having been duly elected to be Bishop of Sydney, and having been lately consecrated Bishop into possession of this church, with all its rights, honours, and ap purtenances, and may tbe Lord preserve thy going out and thy coming in from Ibis time forth for evermore. Amen." Tbe Dean and Archdeacon having returned to their plaees, morning prayer was proceeded with, the "Te Deum" from Smart in D being beautifully sung. The second lesson, from St. J»bn xxi, 15, was read by Canon Gunther. The "Jubilate" was sung from Smart in F. At tbe Creed all tbe bishop*, with one excep tion, turned towards the east. It was also noticeable that sever?! of the clergy failed to take this position. The anthem (Gounod’s) "S*nd out Thy light," was then rendered most efficiently by tbe choir, the boys being greatly assisted by several Udie*. Then fol lowed the special suffrages and prayers, in which the following was introduced " Ob, Lord, save Thy servant, our Bishop, who putteth his trust in Thee. Send him help from Thy holy place, aod evermore mtghtly defend him. Let tbe enemy gain no advantage against him, nor the wicked approach to hurt him. Bs unto him a strong tower from tbe fac>» of tbe enemy. Ob, L"d bear oar prayer, and let our cry come unto Thee. Almighty Gud (hs giver of all good things, Who, by the Holy Spirit hast Appointed divers orders of Min isters in (by Crunch, mercifully behold this Thy servant, AUud Barry, who is now ad mitted to tbe t-fficn nod dignity of Bishop of this diocese, and therewith tbe metropolitan of (he Province of New South W«les ad<J Prl m a te of tbe Dioceses of Australia and Tasmania and so replenish him with the truth of Tby doctrine, and endue him with ionoceocy of life that bo>h by word and deed be may faith fully serve Thee in these offices to the glory of Thy name aod the edifying and well govern ing of Tby church. Grant, we beseech Thee, that he may long live happily to rule this church, aod that, having worthily fulfilled bis course, at the latter d>y He may receive tbe crown of righteou*ne*B »s laid up by the Lord, the righteous Jodee, Who liveth and reigoeth one God with the Father and the Holy Gnost, world without end. Amen." At th* close of morning prayer, the Bishops of tbe Province of N*w South Wales proc-eded to (be Bishop's throne, and the Bishop of G ■alburn, as senior Bishop, presented the Bishop of Sydney with an address recognising him as Metropolitan of the Province of New S>uth Wales. Bishop Barry returned tbanke, and then the other biabops of tbe various dioceses in Australia and TrfsmanU j >ioed tbe Bishop of tbe pro vince; and tbe Bishop of Brisbane aa senior Bishop addressed the BUbop of Sydney re cognising him as Primate of tbe dioceses in Australia and Tasmania. Bishop Barry, iu reply, said : "In the same spirit I accept this larger address of welcome, aod 1 pray God that the offic* to which lam now received may under God's help be tbe means of knitting together in closer unity all the dioceses of the clergy in tb*ir gre-it country one founda tion beside which none oih*r can be laid even tbe Lord Jesus Christ. The hymn “Vent Creator" or " Come Holy Ghost our souls inspire" having been song in unison all the bishops returned to the sacrametft and the Ante Communion Service wns pro ceeded with, (he Birhop of Sydcey read ing tbe commandments. The responses. BlUs in F being sang hy (be choir. Tae Epistle was read by the BLhop of Brisbane, sod tbe Gospel by tbe Bi*h «p 01 Goulba>n. Then followed tbe rffertory, the prayer for tbe Church Militant btdog said by Bishop B?rry; after which a soft voluntary was played during tbe retirement of the con- communicants. At the conclusion of the service the prnces p;on returned in reverse order to that in which it entered, tbe Bishop of Hfdney taking pre cedeuce of all the other bLbops. Sir G«*orgr» Strabam, Governor of Tasmania, Commodore Er*k»ne, S<r Henry WreosfordLy, and a huge number of distinguished visitors were present. Tbe whole proceedings were most impressive. After tbe et thronemeofc the Bi-hop was en tertained at luncheon in (be Masonic Hall. A larg* number of bishops, clergy, aod citizens w*-re present. Sir Alfred Steph n. Acting- Grveroor, was in the chair. Various toasts appropriate to the occasion were proposed. Tbe offertory at ih? Cathedral in tbe morning amounted ta £220. 