[?] DAN LYONS' DOOM. i - -By WAIF WAKDER. | ... CHAPTER III.— (OO:;tz!!DZD.) i Bat thcro was that in tbo woman's face, i and especially in her ddrk, deep set oyes, that : was a warning to a closer observer. It was ? a hard face, a cruel faee, an obstinate face, | an utterly nntrastwortlfy loco. It ever I ignorance and prejudice, and a total went of I moral consciousness wcra stamped apon | leatnrcs thoy wcro stamped in tbo coon- | tcnanco of Mrs; Brady. Each of tbo thrco | children that seated themselves at tbo table f round her on tbo occasion of wbiob I write I bad soma resemblance to tbo mother; bat tbo I unscrupulous cunning of Cornelius, tbo oni- C mal vanity of Nora, and tbo ungovernable | passions that gleamed in thacyosof Father j James wore aU doubled end intensified la tho 5 old woman's face. As tha man wo call Father | James seated himsolf opposito to whoro she $ stood sho leaned on both bando as sha rested | them on the tablo and bent over it toward bis | bowed iccs, as sb'o mattered angrily between H ber set teeth:.' | ,vBo it's on yoa. again? Oh, blood of tbo' clever Bradys, of Ologhor, tnrncd to water, tho 1 night is. oomin' on an' it's freozin' ye aro I " M ibs bitter soorn of tbo tones was felt keenly | by tho jmn'n to whom thoy were addressed, and | a glonoo was fia'shcd.frpm his awful eyes Into | tho womtm'B that was terrible to mcot. . . | ".By 1 . 1 be. cried, if yon weronlt my I mother, yon wonld haunt me too, for I'd kill s you.l -And as it is yoa'd bettor be warnod.for ; youmay go too far dome day,. and my lifo is | Bho started back as his.otenohed fiat woe | strnck sq:yiolentIy on tho table that the dishoa £ wore disturbed, but nt a warning movement h from. Cornelias her mood seemed to instantly i change, and she hraghod harshly. . . " One can't Say a word to yoa at. all, James, I these times, ' Bho'said ; can't yon take a Joke :f, from your mother ? " lit ."Joltol "he repeated, RS ha stood apand j dashed his ahair book from the tablo. "Am K I a child . again that yon think to twist mo M round your finger 1 Joke! who in their !: senses would joko with blood on'thoir hands 'v and tho hangman's ropo round tboir nooks 7 " ; and ho slammed tha door of an adjoining | room behind him, leaving his supper nn- i tonohed on tha table. . - \- Mrs. Brady's face grow whito as ebalk, and sho fell into a ohair, staring at Oornelins with -? her ternfiod:dark eyes, S. " What has eomo over him at all, Conn," she cried ; ..." he's- not tho same man since wo is come hero. - Oh, my God, do you think ho'll ri| go. book on as aftor all ? " and oho roakedhor- bf self to and fro despairingly. " Is " To toll yoa tho truth, mothor, I'm getting g,-;. afraid," replied Cornelius, as he attacked his food with an appetito. "I hope that tho black eoat isn't putting ideas of religion and s repentance in his head." : ' " If I thought so I'd tear it off his baok t 'y A son of mine tarn whita' livered ? A man with my. blood in him turn baok from tho ro- i!,; vongo I oworo him to on thooross? H I ;( thought so; I'm his mothor, and I'd knifohim si with my own hands." \- Bbo looked aa if she would. She: seemed qdito- capablo of any . deed as sho rosoand w: shook her right hand ont clenched .ogninst e; tho air around her. As her long flngors gripped each other, then so they wonld donbt- Tess liavo gripped an enemy's throat had it E'.-i been within rcaeh' when the hot blood was Is boiling, in her veins — the same- blood, as Bhe ' : . had trnly said, that had mado Father James a haunted man. And Nora ate her food hastily, and soareoly hearing, n word that was passing round hor ; \- for sho was aged to her mother's tompcr, \- ' though sha was not in hor secrets, and novor troubled hor; head as to what, aronsod it. At rj -tho present sho was too muoh occupied about tho admirer bor brother had given liar in his ' idlo chaff, and calonlatinir tho offect of a dress . sho intendod to don on tho morrow with tha < solo hopa of oxhibitinghcrsolf in it to tho nn-. oonscions Irishman. Ao for Mrs. Brady, oho had' forgotten tha prosonco of hor youngest until it was recalled to her by a motion of Cornelius as ha spoka in a low voice. " Yoa forgot, mother, that somebody io boro.i' . - " Oh Nora ? Sha novcr hears anything that does'nt concern her own self, or sees any thing, God help her, bat her own hondsomo . faao - in the glass. Nora I, Nora, I say 1" " What ?' returned Nora, with a start on ' hor roturn from tho realms of fanoy. "What wor you thinking of ? " ' Tady Connor," promptly rcpliod tho girl ; and Cornelius roso from tha tablo with a loud laugh thnt mado tho angry blood rush into hio sister's face. CHAPTER IV. Tnn I'onioHE-ikttEn op iioosr nopis; Tun hut io high up on ft spur of Groat . Mount Itobau in a sheltered spot nearly hidden by ' hi-trcea and big brown rOoko, 'half covorcd wlth green, moss and groy liohon ;'it was built of heavy tiuibor slabs, and covered by shoots of box bark, both of which showed thoweothor- worn lino of many years. " . From tho front of this lint on tho oido of -. tlio mount ono of tho grandest views around Marrahgn wus discernablo, and, if it had been . built for the purpose , of cspionogo, no sltn- ntion could lirtvo been hotter choson,- T|io townsbjp lay andcrTbo oyo liko a green map, I dotted with littlo whito cubes that represented dwellings, and right across tho long lino of tho gleaming orook, past St. Horrioks, and up tho slope whore tbo lono cemetery lay, not abuman being could movo witbonfe bring traced from Nan Griffith's hnt. Tbo very gully whoro lay tbo Iong-dcsertcd oiafms won opon to tho view £rom that homo ; and as far as tho oyo conld reach— far aaroas tha plains bounded by tho low, pnrplo-blno bills, ono. could follow tho traok along which tbo coaoh passed once a day ; in .short,' tho oyrio of an caglo was nover built in a more commanding and yet retired spot. - . Two or thrco days after that' on wmoh my, story opons, Nan Griffiths was sitting on a' blook ol wood oatsido tho door of tho hut, and nndcr tho hoavy shadow ol a spreading treo that bent its crooked branches over her un canny-looking figure. Sha was a vory old woman, with whito hair hanging loosely over her ehonlders, and a long oloak that covered her ovon down to her feat; to this oloak thcro was a hood that conld bo'drawn at will over her head, and holes, through one of which a skinny hand was passed to grasp a crntcbed stiok. Tha old oroatnro was tooth less, and hor skin was shrivelled np on her faoo liko onn-tanned leather; bnt tha keen dark oyes that sparkled nndcr tha long white hairs of her eyebrows wero apparently as serviceable as when sha wns 20 years younger. She was muttering and mumbling to her self in a dissatisfied way that mado her sharp nose and obin meet in a manner .that gavo her some resemblance to a bird of proy, when sho caw a woman climbing up tho traok nmoog tho trcco leading toward the hot. It was a tall, pale-faced woman of about tbirty- flvo, with dark hair and oyes, and a weary, holploss look in her face that wonld havo won MIO njruijiuiu/ UA n ounuiU) uub utu uui iscsiu to bo noticed by Nan, who was her mother. yWhat o timo yon'vo been I Faugh, tho women thcro ie in theso days I" "I was as quick as I conld bo," Ellen Griffiths returned, as sha seated herzelf wearily near the hag, "and I'm as tired as death." "Death is novor tired, yoa fool, and yon always arc," Nan growled; " nnd now yon sit thero staring beforo you witboot telung mo a word ; did yoa sea tho ahild." , " Yes, bnt I bad a raro hnnt for him." "Whoro was ho?" "Bp in tho cemetery at tho Colonel's grave." " By himself?" \- t No, he was with Resignation St. Harriet." Tho reply seemed to stun tho old hag. witb surprise. With Resignation St. Hsrriok I With her of all tho ohildren in tho world I" and then a harsh, cackling brash borst from Nan's lix>9, as sho clapped ber hands joyfolly. "It wonld bo grand," sho screeched; "I with I'd thought of it afore ; bnt there's time cnongb. I'll mako.a policeman— a trap of him.' "A policeman I of who?" " Of Dan I Wonld it not bo grand if he wero to trap.Ooloncl St. Horriok's murderer 1 " Ellen looked at ber mother with a stony horror, bnt sha said nothing, tbongh tho hag went On as though sho had. " Oh it's awful isn't it f your mother is a hard-hearted, truel old woman, that would hnnt to death tho man yon loved. Fangh 1 yoa white-livered ' worm, that wonld turn and liok tho hand that struck yon; ore yoa a. child of mino at all?" Ellon was used to onoh talk, and she said nothing save what was oxpressed in tha Wom to death, weary look in her poor white face. \- " Tell me what yoa heard, onrse yon, and don't Bit there liko a senselosa image driving mo:mad,'t shouted Nan, as she seized. her " open your month and speak, fool that you are." . - ' "What om I to tell about firat ? " .. "Tho now people at St.- Horrioks,' who aro' tbey?— quick." ' " Their name is Brady, an old mother, two sons, and a daughter. They've takon St. Horrioks— rented it of Mr. Pollard." " And is it trae that thoy'ro going into tho old ground again?"- "Yoo." Tho hag gava her.danghter - another virions shako, and her sharp, prominent ahin worked liko tho hall of -a pair of nnt-oraokers as sho shriekod — "I'll throttla yon if yoa don't speak ontl what has oomo over you at all fool ? Havo yoa seen a ghost— tha ghost of Colonel Heniok, oh ? ' . "No, but I have 'seen a faee liko Dan Lyons.'.' . . At tho reply . tho old woman's hand tell from her daughter's arm. as sho questioned anxionsly. "Yon- don't mean that ho has coma back Ellen?".'. " No, it was in ft woman's face I saw the liknnpes. and than .it was in thn even nnlv. When I was looking for littlo ' Dan I wont round by tho fence at St. Horriok's, and fonnd a yonng girl looking ovar it as if watoh- ing for soma ono ; it was tha daughter ol tho Brady'o that havo takon tho place." . " Woll 1 yoa spoko to her ol oonrse ? " " Yes, and got a good deal of news ont ol her, but beforo I loft hor mothor oame out and cnllod hor angrily away. It woo in Mrs. Brady's oyes I saw Dan Lyons." " It was in yqnr own oyes yon saw a fool," said 'tho hag soornfally. f Yoa think of nothing morning, noon, and night, bnt tbnt doable -dyed murderer that left - a enrso on you and yours. Go on with what yon wero saying." "She's a. yonng girl, and a Billy ono, tho Brady girl ; bnt you'll soon seo hor for yonr- solf, for I told bor abont you, and she's earo to pay yoa a . visit. Blio thinka of nothing bat swocthearts, and bor brother has told her that a man ie in love with hor."- ;" What man?" . "Do you remombor . Tady Connor, mothor?'.' "Thftfc Onnoor ihnt wnrTrrfl Jn flin Onllv when tho Colonol was killed ?" " Tho samo." " Something is going to happen 1" oxolaimod Nan, wildly. "No wondor I dreamed of stranga things and saw Btrango signal Go. on I" " When Mrs. Brady called tho Girl ineida I wont on toward tha coznotery, and I mot Connor himself on his way from tho Gully." "Did ho know you, Ellon ?" "Yes, at once, and asked mo if yon woro alivo yot. Ho is coming to ceo yoa about Bomodroam." . 11 Ayo? ho was always a soit fool, but an opon- handed ono, too, so bo's woloomo.". "H I don't mistako, that's ho coming np tbo hill notv, mother," said tho woman, as aha pointed down toward a man who. wan stoadijy olimbing no tho Bteop path. Yes, it wan Tady, in truth, going, alter many misgivings, to noo onoo again tho fortuno-tollor of Mount lloban, whom lia bad mora than onoo consulted in the yoaragono by ; for Tady was ono of those not unusual obaraotors in whom aro combined doop.ro- ligiona eonviotiona and an ignorant belief in supornntural powers and -beings, and. his ignorant tnind was Boroly exoroised on account of a strango droomhobad had ft fow nights pTOVlOUO « . « «. ii » How Mr. Leonard would laugh at mo, ho was muttering to liimsolf in gasps, as tha steepness of tho lull tried his lungo Eoveroly ; " ho don't bolievo in fortuno-tollcra or wdolica, or anything, but serin's boliovin', an , woUI laiowNnn io a witoh if thero was over one in this world." . Wbcn ho reached the hnt thero was no'ono In front of it, and tho door was shat. Ho knooked a low; rospcatial Imook, and nearly jumped oat of his skid as h'o was bidden by namo to'ontor. t'Como in, Tady Connor." "Wbatom I frightehod of?" ho' reasoned with himself as ho lifted tho latch and poshed open tho door. "Of oonrse Ellen has oomo baok and tohld hor Bha seen mo." When ho ontored the low, dim room, With tho olay floor and thbsmoke-blaokencd rafters,, bo saw that there was a small . fira on tha hearth, bnt no ono besido it, and tbon bo turned at a soond that mado him Bhivbr to seo Nan Griffiths standing on tho threshold ol an inner door with a hago blook oat at hor feet. It was tho cat's anearthly " me-a-w 1" that bad mads Tady shaddor from hood to foot. " Welcome, Tody Connor," said tho hag, as sho advanced and stood beforo him, her skinny hand grasping tha otiok, hor low bent form still covered with the long oloak. " Tho coos havo rolled between as for long years, and now thoy havo brought you back again." \- "Thoy havo, ma'am," oaid Tady, as ho mado a ronpeotfal sarapa with his right foot ; and I'm glad to seo thoy havo left yon look ing so hearty." " Timo makes no odds to mo,' sha said, as sha draw a Beat to the tablo and sat down, wbilo sho pointed to another for hor visitor. " I'll iivo until a man dies, and then my work is done. Sit down." Tady wonld havo liked to ask her whore death was toprecedo hor own, bnt ho.daro'nt, and waited humbly for tho hag to speak again. "Yoa want to consnlt mo?" sho asked, as she put ber ohrivellod faeo eo near to him that tha fiery littlo cyca eo far baric in hor head seamed to barn him. "Bpoak ont wuut it i» wuuu uio uaiuox B on iuu» "It's a dramo I bad, Mm. Griffiths— a drsmo that's tronblin' mo intirriy ; an' know- in' well how knowledgeable yon always wor, I Item to ax yon about it." " AU right,1 " sho rsplisd, as she drew toward hor with a skinny.paw tho coin Tady had laid near hor on tho tablo. " Sknll, fetch tho master'a books." " Tho latter command was addressed to tbo blaak . cat, who instantly entered tbo insldo ebamber and almost instantly retor'ned with a littlo bag in bis mouth, whioh bo deposited On hia mistrcaa'a lap, taking tho opportunity of his vicinity to tho terrified Irishman to spit and " wa-ow " virionsly in hia face.. " Down, BknU," cried Nan to the cat as sho opened tha bag and draw a paok of dirty cards from it. " Now, Connor, tril ma your dream." " It's twico now I'vo dramed it," ho said, turning his faca away from tho oat, who atUl glared at him. " I thought, do yoa soo, that I was down in tho old shaft at work, and that with every spado I dog I tnrncd np tho head of a mam I thought that I always expected a Inmp of gold, and caw it shinin' aa I tnrncd tha shovel, bnt whin It oomo np it was always tho samo man's face wid blood on it." " Did yon know tho faoo ? " asked tho hag solemnly." . " Yea, I did." ""Whoso was it?!' " It was Dan Lyon, tha'mardoror's, faeo." " Somotbing is going to happen Tady Connor I " sha said, almost repeating tha words she had asod td hor daughter. " Tho dream waa always the same ? " " Always, ma'am." : With her jowa munching and mumbling horribly the fortnne-tellor spread the cards beforo bar, and with saoh a' keen anxioty in. hor own ropellant and withered face, that it was evident sho possessod some belief in the art she praotised. Unooneoiouflly to himself," the littlo Irishman hid uttered tho one namo in the whole world that hod power to exoite passions, than tho reigning ono of Nan Griffith's, whioh was cupidity.. > "What man is blotting againBt, you?" she asked him suddenly, as he anxionsly watehed her face while sho scanned tho sards. "Yod havo been spooking to him lately, though yon have not tonohed his hand— who iB it ? " and eha tnrncd hor oyes keenly npon Tody's faeo. " I don't know, Mrs. Griffiths. I. haven't spoko to a soul to-day bat my yonng master, Mr. Leonard Frosser, and I'm snro Ka'd plot nothing agin his fosterer," " "Yoa spoko to no ono riso?— mind what yon say, Tady Connor." "Be this an! bo that I " ossovoratod Tady, and thon ho aU at onoo stopped, and with a ;asp ojaoulated almost in- a whisper, " Baro. : t wouldn't bo Father JamcB ! '! " Who is Father James ? " Nan - OBiied sns- pioioasly, " and what right havo you to - bo talking of olorgymon boro 1 Whjr, tho vory oat knows yon havo named ono — look at hhnl" . In faot tha blaok cat had tnrnod toward the' terrified Tady, and witb evory.: hair on end was mo-a- wing and Bpitting at him. "Bnako to himl a niton him formv-sako. Mrs. Griffith's 1 snro I meant no harm, and at any rate Father James isn't a prieat at aU sein' he isn't in orthora now; ho's tho gentle man that has . rented St. Horriok's an' is livin' thoro wid bis famUy.1! A anddon remembronoe of - what her daughter had said abont Nora Brady mado tho old hag grin to herself aa sho ordered hor familiar to retire, and sho rosnmed tho read ing of tho cards sha had laid down, \- " I can toll yon nothing abont yonr dream nntil yoa droam it oncamore," oho said, " bnt beware of a dark man that is plotting against yonr vory life." "How wUl I find out who .ho: is ? " asked Tody, anxiouriy. 11 Throngh a girl," replied Nan ; . !' a yonng girl with dark hair that'sin lovowith yon." " With mo? It'o jolrin' you are, ma'm," -Don't Hook liko a women to joko?" waa tha angry rotort. "Thoro's a girl inlovo -with yoa, and yon'U oco hor this vary day, for sho'o woiting and watohing for yon at thia moment; trad now go, for I can tell yon no -moro at presont. Whon you droam tho third t?mn nnmn fn tnrtnirain." Tady got up, and having ntterod hie thanks, gladly hastened - ont of tho hat. His sapor- . stitions terrors of old Nan. and hor- oat, al-- though partly overcome by tho wonderfully good nows she had told him, were yot qaito: suffioiont to rondorhis csoajpo into the pure air of tho mountain a pleasant ono, and ho- hastoncd down its oido to bo at leisure to think over bis nnoxpeotcd good fortnno. .'- _ . Good fortuno, indeed, nnd at lost I I think I liavo told you that Tady Connor bad nam- iieiod Borno .thirty-fivo- years; trad during many;Inotres of tbose: yeare it had boon his hard fata to havo boon hopelessly overhead1 and caro in lovo very many times. Tady'a heart was soit, bnt thoso of tbo maidens who qeorned hie turncd-up noca, hia orooked fln gors, and his rod hair, wore aa hard as tho nothor millstono. In vain had ho year aftor year pioturcd tohimeolf coma lovely inamorato transformed into a loving wifo, and called Mrs. Conner. Ono by one hie hopca hadbeon blighted, and hia person mookea or Ianghcd. at, yet licro was n yonng girl with dark hair in lovo with him— ootually in love with his very eclf,. without being asked or ovon known otaUl Dolightfur thought 1 but thoro. was ono drftwbaok— ho had a rival, for that was tho decision Tady oame to regarding tha dark man old Nnn had doriared to bo . plotting against him, and warned him against. : "Ofeooroa it's some uhap that she y/on!t look at on account of her lovo far mo, tbo dariin'l " ha ooliloquiood. "I wonthor who jiho is at al), at ail? bat, sure, I'll know soon, for I'm to ceo hor this vory- day,1' and poor Tady, believing in Nan Griffiths. with all bis littlo heart, wont down tho hill rojoioing and looking all around him for a right of tho girl who at last had been tho orid. to' appreciate tbe hithorto despised little man. " Maybe she's behind some of tho bnBhes or rooks watohin' me the cratha'r," ho mhrmnred with a fond Bmilo, as he took off .bis hat aad arranged his red, still looks. ' V It's well I pnt on ma now coat, though 'twas for old Nap I did it. Sha was over an riwayo vory particu lar," and ho squared round nis fanny littlo person to look at his heels, as ha gavo tho ad mired blao eoat with tho- brass buttons a vigorous tng behind to maka it bang moro graocfally. Ho had to pass St. Herrick'a on his way to the township— doubtless tho canning bag he bad jnst left had calculated on that fact, and also-another fact, the latter being that Nora Brady was again standing at tho fenco nndcr tho trees, wntohing and waiting for tho sweet heart hor brother had promisod hor, littlo thinking what events wonld follow, from tho effects of his sifly fan at tho oxponso of Nora's well-known vanity and weakness for tho op posite sex. Sho had 'Eecn Tody olimbing hp tho hill path, and nbw watched bis rctarn with a beating heart and a consaions Bmilo on her ooarse, rosy face. Bt. Horriok's had, as wo know, an interest' for Connor that Nora did not guess at, and for s mofhent, as ho passed ft, ho forgot, tho for tnno toller's prediction and. thought of tha murdered man whom ovoryono hpa loved,, In tho vory middlo of these sad thoughts, how- over, he heard a slight cough, and with a sad den return of his warm admiration of his un known inamorato's tasto, ho stopped and tamed in tho direction of the " ahem." ' : Had there been an observer of tho mooting between Nora and Tady ho most certainly ua«« vrcu ou uuiuacu uuu xuo gui WM oraning bor nock over tbo fenOe in trying to follow with her oyes Tody's passing form, whon at her cough ho tnmcd suddenly and stopped, thon sha drew' her big head baok and giggled. Tady struck an attitude, an attltnda so ladierons and comical that nothing bnt tbo girl's oxaggeratod self-conceit prevented hor from observing its trno natare, bnt as it was sho saw nothing cave unbounded admiration of her over decorated sell, and wsa immensely delighted, so with tho "nvions feneo only bo- tweon them Tody grinned from ear to car, and fell awkwardly apon his knees on tbe damp gracs, nndcr tbo thick trees that protruded their great bianohoa over tho dilapidated fence. . "Aro yon Tady Connor?" simpered eifiy Nora, as sbo scanned her lover's rather sin gular proportions lavishly displayed by bis sprawl npon tho graes. " I am, mavoamecn, I am that happymon," cried Tady. " What makes yoa so happy ?" 11 Because at last I see tho beauty an' tho darlin' of tho wido world hero forcnint mo this bloescd day." "Ho-ha-hol" . Ho-ho-he wasn't mnob, bnt, with the fto- eompanying leer from Nora's small, heavy eyes, it oxpressed great onoonragoment to poor Tody. " Arrab, don't bo langhin' at mo asthofe; snro, yon'll brak my heart if yon do 1" And with a' good deal oi granting, Tady straggled to his traces, and ventured nearer to tho fenco. " I'm not laughing at yon. How' did yon know I. was hero?" Nora asked, as sho ar ranged her ribbons and cheap ornaments pretty maoh as Tady. had arranged tho tril of his ooat a little previously. "Nan tanld me agro; an' Bore it was moeolf that a'moBt flew down the hilhto oomo to ye," replied Tady, bat he was wondering all tho timo who told tho girl his nume, and thon deridins it was.that damraroiis dark man who ; was plotting against him, he determined to, ook.herat onoe. "I soy, agrs', who.was it tonld yoa mo name?" . . ' . . ' . " Conn did," and as Nora went on, he was mattering, almost audibly, " D— Conn, who ever he is." "But who is this Nan yoa -aro talking abont ? Is sho you're sister ?'! "God forbid I" and Tody crossed himself dovoutly, " arrah no, aothora, she's an "bold woman that -has lived np on Mount Eobnn those twenty yearn, on' » lie's a fortune teller." The latter words were ntterod in a whisper, that necessitated Tady's monkoy-liko . faoo bring protruded over the feneo in dangoroas proximity to that of the dolightcd Nora, who was, howavor, woman onongh to offeot a pru- dory sho woo for from oxporionoing. " Go away with you— it's a shamo for yon, and if mother or Conn was to soo yon, both of no would bokillad." - - "Divil a care I oaro I Who's Conn 7" asked Connor, with a seoraial twist of hisnglynoso at tho mention ol a name ho had identified as a fancied rival. "I'd be sorry .to vex tbo mothor ovmo darlin' girl, bu t as for Conn— to tho divil wid him, I say 1 ' Who is ho, at ail. ae.aut" ... " "Connismy brother, didn'tyonknowthat? I've two brothers, yoa know, Conn and James, Father James, thoy oall him now." "Oh, Lord) is Fathor Jamos n brothor of yonrs? Bat oftbor all, -why .should wo bo afraid of him or any ono? I'll keep company wid no dacont girl oxaopt for daconoy, and snro he conld marry us if ho was agreeable." " Marry us," repeated Nora, with a gigglo again, at tho idea , of this ardont wooing. "'Tis early in the day ta bo talking of marry ing whon I've only seen yon a minuto or two ago; andbosides, James couldn't marry as, for bo's not in ordortf," . "Oh, I forgot, lio tonld ma so himself agra; bat nevor-mind, whon wo makes up oar minds wo can' aisy find a priest to tio no together for a happy lifo. , Who's that That was somcono shonting shrilly " Nora 1 Nora I" in tho dircotion of tho houso. " 'Tis mo mothor I I must go or sho'll kill mo." "Stop one minnit aohtoro.. Whin'll I soo yoa agm? Tell mo qaiok now boforo yon go. Bare I'll bo thinkm' it months till I seo. yonr bowoheial oyes an' your darlin' faeo again." : " I don't know, I'm of ton'horo at tho fonoo, - and if -yon'll whistle I can eomo mostly any time in tho ovoniri." . "Oh, tho lovoly orathar I" mnrmnrcd Tady, as ho gripped tho top rail oi tho fonce and stored after tho qaiokly retreating figure of his fat inamorata. "Ien'tsho tho darlin' of: tho world to tftko o fanoy to mo in thin v/ay, an' not a oowl to oaro -for mo in thia wido world bat Sir. Leonard ?" and tho noma re minded him that ho hnd hotter not keep his yonng master ignorant- of his whereabouts; maoh longer, so ho tore himsolf away and mado for tho township. \- CHAPTER y. IHE DEAD UAH'S OOnSE. ; f I: : Lena comotory of Marrangs, whoro tho tow, dead oloop far from tho world thoy may know no more,- and where tho rastlo of tho long grass over thoir- neglootod graves in rarely caused by a human footstep. Thoro in tha qaiet nook on tbo htU-aida may tho bird rear her young in poaco nmong tlio spreading. trees of tho old Basil Land, and tbo breozo whisper to' doad .enrs unheard oavo by tho yoong of tbo wallaby that sometimes' vontnro_ to poop from among tbo rooks that bound ita fenco. To a strangor no desolation coald scorn greater, .than- that of Mnrranga gravoyard, where a dozen graves had sank among tho grass to sad neglect, and over only ono had ft name or a data beon insoribod. And 'that- ono, on r bead-stone of wbito marble, Btood on/ from its' snrronnding- of flowering plants, liko a sentinel who novor Bleeps, to guard the last resting-plaoo of a St. Horriok. That' spot .'alono- in tho grass tangled cnolosnro ,was oarofnlly tended, and lay an oasis of blossom in n.desort of desola tion. Tho blaak letters on' thd pure snrfaco of tho head-stono had in some moasnw fadod, bnt tbo inscription was yet plain enough to tho oyo had there been one in tho vioinity to read it. ' Bat it was yot early in tho morning, and the man who wob elowly approaehing.it had not aB yot reached the graveyard. Indeed ha soomcd in no hasto, for ho toiled np tho riopo as ono offiioted with wookness, and whon ho had roaohed tho goto, rested long on it, gazing, toward the white sontinel tomb, Ho was a tail man with a white boggard faoo nnder 'a elonobed hat, and ho woro ft long, blaak Semi- alerieal coat. It woe tha new tenant of St.- Hcrricks, the man known as Father James. Perhaps ho'-did not mean toentorat all. Ho stood thoro so long, and ao motionless that ho might hsvo been as dead ao that man ovor whom tho whito stone stood, for aU ap pearance of lifo that ha exhibited. Magpies wore striking proudly in tho grass, and greet ing the early son with their ewoot gargling notes. The laughing jsokass, perched npon the limb of a leafless gum tree, Bhriehed ont a wild ohorn8 to some distant mate. Tha green paroquet fluttered and chattered among tbo branohes, bnt that statno-like man did not seem to soo them or hoar anything nntil thoro was tbo sonnds-of voices behind him, and then ho tnrnod his head jast a littlo way to ceo who wero tho tmwolcoms visitants to s spot ho had beiioved too lorio to bring a singlo human being to gazo npon bis faoo. It was fair Designation St. Herrick who oomo toward him, tnonghho did not know -it' .»UWU| ouu uvutua U1U WUlttBU o vujr Ul uvuuk her own age, a boy with a bold, intelligent oyo, and a fearlcs3 mien. Closo beside Resignation walked Guardian, hor great dog, with his oyes closely and snspioionsly scan ning tho Btrangcr as tho trio ncarcd him. Resignation was attired aa sho had beon when I first named hor, A palo bine fleeoy dress enveloped her- slight figure, and from nndcr her broad drooping hat ber floesy fair hair fell in a cloud over her ehonlders. In ono hand sho carried a little basket, the other was laid on tho dog's great head, as the child noticed his uneasy movements. Tho boy'b stont, healthy figure was clad in a ehirt of coma light flannel material, and a pair of well-made dark trousers covered hio sturdy limbs. 'A straw hat shaded a pair of lino aark oyes, and a handeomo bright foes, browned by tho sun, and randy with health. " Hash, Gaardisn, yon mast not bo rttds to strangers," Resignation whispered in response to tho dog's, enbdned growl. " Ho will not bite yon, sir.'.' Father James mads no reply, and tbo chil dren passed him to enter tho gate. Tho lad wont on without vonahsaving tho man a second glaneo, bnt Resignation paused withhor soft band on the stilt open gate. " Wonld yon liko to oomo in, sir ? . It is not private. Wonld yoa liko to oomo in and seo my dear father's grovo ? " "Yonr father's grave I Why should I went to soo yonr father's grave, ohild?" The words were spoken eo sharply that tho ohild drew baok a littlo ; daring au Resigna tion's littlo lifo theso were the mot words Bhe had heard in any other tones than affection or pity, and Bha fixod her large calm oyes. apon the man in a sort cl mild wonder as sho replied, "I beg your pardon; I thought yoa wero the gontlemon who has -taken, the honso whoro papa nBed.to livo, and that yon might liko to sea his gravo.": . "Who 'are yon, ohild?" ho asked in trembling tones, as his white faee seemed to jet blanoh of ft more ghastly pallor. : . "I am Resignation Bt. Horriok," sho answored;-: " my father was Colonel St. .Horriok."- " Stay, I will go with yon,;' ho mttrmorod, as sho was tarhing:away-with a disappointed look to follow hor oompanion, Tha gontlo ohild waited gladly nntil Father James had -passed tha gate,, and then- sho oiasod it bohind him. : Ho allowod hor to pass him, and then followed her up the narrow pathway between" tha long grasses of tho old graves. H she could have known what was lassing in that man's heart— if she aonld havo rend his thoughts, hidden bonoath that ontword calm: and .that priestly dress, what would Resignation St. Horriok havo done, or what would tho poor fatherless ohild havo said? - - - . . e near a gravo, where flowers grow under that white marble headstone, on whioh tho priost's oves seemed fixed with snah a stony glare that tha lad who knelt by the gravo with a trowel in hie hand otared at. him in wondor. U tho words had beon rod- hot; and pressed against tha man's: naked: breaBt,' his faeo oonld not havo expressed a greater agony of : Saobed " , To Tee Meiiobs r. ' ' o? . ConoNEL Theodore Br. Hebbioe, Foally mnrdered at Marranga, June 19th, 186— " Vengeance ia Mmn, I will repay, . saith tho Lord." ' Tho ohild saw that his oyos wefo traoing tho wordsi and waited silently and reBpaet- fally nntil ho tnrned his faoo away, ana. oat weakly down on a grassy tnit with his baok to tha headstone. The boy looked at Father James with a suspicion that ha evidently shared with tho dog, for at ovory movamont-of tha man tho - animal showed his teeth, tbongh silently, donbtless from respeat to hie young mistress's termor reproof, bat Resignation regarded tha stranger with a yearning pity that hor soft question explained. "Did you know .my door papa, sir?'.' and as a reply Father James shook his. bowed head. -. "Yon have perhaps lost a dear fatbor, too ? bat not. in so sod and oruol a way os I lostmino. Oh it wan ornoi, oruol." —"It was worsa than oraol ; it was inhnman and cowardly IV oricd tha lad, striking tho. trowel on tlio grass lio wob lincoling on for omphosis ; " and if I was a man and mot him I wonld kill him aa I would n onabo." " Who aro you ?" noked tho priest, caddonly no ho turned his faeo toward tho vehement epoakeri- ," Ma? My name is Daniel." . "And Daniel is : my friend," explained Resignation eagerly. "Hohaa always helped meto keep papa'a gravo nioo, and whon ho io a man ho io going to find papa'a mardoror and get him punished." . Sho said tha last words in a-low, smphatio. whisper; looking round hor ao if f cartel of being overheard as in a matter of tbo most ' soorot oonnoqnonoe . \- ' " Yes,. I .nhnli find him,!' Daniol doolared,. proudly. " Old Nan wants to maka a polioo- manof.mo to ran tbo villain down; but-.I shall find him without being a trap. Ho may hido himcolf anywhere,: bat I obail. find him, for it is fated that my hand uhall put tho ropo about his neok." "How do you know?" asked tho white-: faced priest almost in a whisper..- : - "Because granny has said so, and oho ia a reader - of tha stare— they cannot lio, yoa know, oud boeldes I feel that I shull know- Dan- Lyons by- instlaot it over: tha villain comes near mo.". - . "Was Don Lyons the namo of tlio man who— —" nnd ho nodded toward tho head- stone, tbongh he'did not tarn hie eyes to ward it, i . "Yes, didn't yoa know?" Resignation, asked wonderingly., " Ho was poor papa's mate in tho claim, yon know. It doesn't tell about It there" — end sho pointed- to the stone — "hnt mnmohos told me. all abont it over and over again. Dan Lyons buried my dear father alive— papa wrote about it in his note book while bo was dying, and mama has tbe note book yot. Jast fanajrwhat it must liavo been to bo crashed down in tho dork ground alivo, but omothoring, and thinking of mama and ma all tha timo! Ob, poor papa I Bat I wonld rather havo been him, oven then, than the wicked man that killed him, for ho woo going to heaven, bnt tho mnrderer can novor, never go there." " Are yoa. snro of thnt ? " : How eagerly the question was asked I with what trembling lips and oraving oyes I : "Of oonrse no can't I" eried Daniol; "be mnot go among tbo dovila, for ho was ono of thorn I ho waa no man I didn't ho bnry tho Colonel alivo and stand looking at him and taantirig him wbilo ha was dying ? " .Only a dovil oonld do that 1 " "Maybe, Daniol, if he waS trnly penitent," Resignation eaid donbttally; "if he is sorry and aske God tor Christ's sake, Ha may for give him alter a great while." - "Never I all tho sorrow in tho world wouldn't undo his sin or mako a dead man livo again I Bosides, if be was eorry' ho wonld havo stood ont boforo. tho world and confessed his orimo I " From ono to tho other of tho childrena' faces Father James gazed cagarly. What coald he bo looking for ? In Dan's eyes bo saw only a. flerco anxiety for jaatica on tho mnrderer, in Resignation's a pitiful doubt, as ber knowledgo of God's mercy was contend- ing with her righteous, abhorrenca of tho man whoso crimo bad mado bor fatherless. "It was cruel," sha repeated, as sho patted tho monld oronnd eomo plant on tho gravo besido whioh sho now knelt softly, " and if it wqo not my poor papa ha had killod, I might bo sorry for that bad man, bnt it is hardly natural tor ma to bo sorry for htm." " Borry for htm I I wish I was old onongh and— and I'd " "Vengeaneo ia mine," repeated Resigna tion from tha stono ; " mama says that as sorely as God's son chines in tho sky God's vongeanco will avortoka Don Lyons, tbo mur derer.". ' Still from ono young faoo to another tha man looked voieolesily, tho ohildren now tending tho flowers on tho gravo odll not re garding him, but each engaged with thoir own thoughts. At lost tho man shuddered from head to foot as though a fit had ehaken him with its last tbrob, and ho spoko to the boy. Q " Did you say yonr namo was Dan ? " "Yes, I wish it wasn't! why did thoy call ma tho sgme namo as that murdoring wretch ? I won't havo it 1 " _ ' " I novor call you Dan," said Resignation softly; "Daniol ia a nicer name, and tho Daniel in tho Biblo was a good man." " : Your noma is Dan ? " persisted tho stronger; "Danwhat?" "My namo is Daniol Griffiths if yoa want to know," tbo boy replied defiantly, tor bo ro- eentedtho priest's insisting on calling, him Dan. " What is yonr mother's namo?" "Ellen; Ellen' Griffiths; sho is old Nan Griffiths' daughter." , (To he continued.) 