Original ^torti. Ail Mights Reserved. VIOLET MAYLAND. 1 Chapter X\ r . Br FBANK -LYNir. Oiiward the tram sped into the darkness. speeding past the villages , in its rapid course. but Violet sat in her corner unjieeduig anything, only thinking of her grief. She had sobbed too long, to. sob any longer, and could only sit and think. Though her head ached violently she hardly heeded tlie pain in. the thought' of all. her troubles.- So deeply was she buried "in her griefs, that she had not noticed that there was one other passenger beside herself, a gentleman. He had several times glanced at her sinking form and pitied the evident grief, that seemed every now and then to convulse her,- and her loneliness in travelling at that time of the night by herself. Oiice or twice he felt inclined to cdiiiforE'-her," but the^'rinkuig manner as J if she: dreaded being seen, prevented him, but now as they entered a town, where tlie .train stopped for a short time, he said, " Wc stay here for a few minutes, cau. I get you anything ?" At the sound of his - voice Violet started, and glanced up, till then she had thought herself the only pessengcr. "No thank you," she answered very quietly, " I could not take anything if I tried, I have such a headache." Sbe leaned back in her seat as if not wishing to say anything more. At the sound of her voice the other started, " Violet!" he exclaimed, " What lias happened ? why are youbere all alone?" ' Violet raised her veil, and. glanced lickly up, but could uot recognisc in tlie tall stately man before her auy one of.her friends. JFhen suddenly, it.llashcd across her mii^l^-tliat it must |>e her mysterious acquaintance, but she did'not reply to his questions, only looked at the handsome face of the speaker. A long fair beard ami mouslache covered the lower part of the face, but the upper part Was plainly see'ii. It was^a =face : thatlooked as if it had beciriiccustonred- to command, though it bore deep lines of care. He Was evidently stifl in tlie prime of life, perhaps not more than five and forty. Violet, gazed at .hitn and wondered where sheliad seen the features before, they were so •familiar. "Ikno'w yoUr voice well," she said, " but I cannot remember where I have seen you." - You have never fecen my face," was the answer in the steaMg<Hy which she remembered perfectly well, Except in the half light of your study,-' but you have seen my portrait dozens of times, still it was taken years ago, and I niust liave changed very much.since then. However I shall explain all that presently, now you must tell nie wby you are" bote alone, and : in such deep gricf." \- 'The strange-feeling of ol^t^nce which Violet always felt when \withiihis. man, again seemed to coiue. actws her, and yielding to tlie impulse of the moment, she told her story: It wasVsiich a relief to tell it to someone, after brooding over it as she had done, duriug the long drive and journey, and besides, she did not feel as if she was telling it to a. stranger, but to someone who had the, .power and will to protect her. He listened quietly as shespoke, only givius an- impafaeut movement with his shoulders when anything, particularly" vexed him. *' Better that Mrs. llaynes, should die, than tliat y^ur li^e diould b^ forfeited,'' he SJuid,- when she ceased speaking.' "But this is. worse," -said Violet quickly. " So you think now, you have a chance of being declared innocent, before.this happened,you liad not -the lca^t.chanbe ofescaping^iat woman's i^engcace. ^How did yonoMia her Violet?" ' 4 > If ever that I know of, she is a perfect stranger^" '.Yet.I,orerheard_her talking in such a way.'that leaves little doubt biit that she intended to kill you as soon as she pbssibhr€otdd.|'"v ='-•« * *. 4 " WnO V^lie talking iof " ^ , ; " That I canii^t makp ouii but whoever it was he was trying to persuade her not to fulfil, her j threat. 'He jsppke in whispers so l could not 'recognise' his voice- Money seems to be the object, I fancy." ..--"'. "I cannot understand, it at all," was Violet's puzzled commentary on the subject. " jN T or I, unless the woman was actuated by a feeling of revenge, and- you say' you liave never seen her before she attacked you in the park?" " Jfever," was Violet's decided answer. "Well I suppose for the present it must remain a puzzle, as far as we are concerned. .But apropogoiyour journey, you are going to Scotland, but stay to-day at Carlisle-until liady Knight arrives." " Yes." , " It is a very fair plan, but tie wLsest way would be to go straight on, to your destination at once," " But ljady Knight will not know, and will ttunk me lost if she docs not find me waiting for hear at Carlisle." - ' • You can leave a note for her explaining matters, Lady Knight will be certain to be watched by your enemies, when they "find that you have escapedj and they may trace you in that Way; • I am going through to-day, and if you will accompany me, I will see you safely to Allanglen, or leave you in the 'charge of some honest Highlanders, who will take every care -of you, until it is safe to venture to Allanglen; which will iot be for several weeks, if -you are prudent; The last is by far tlie best way, if-you a^^ "to my proposal." ' • "'" " Yes, I think that best,"7said Violet too tired to think, and' relieved to have ievery^ping takenjbff kcr sboiililersf "Bjit am troubling ydu|iroidfully. Ilis kind take -«ufeh^ ail intereet in arranging things for me, almost a stranger too." iS T ot quite such a stranger as you imagine," and again he smiled, the same peculiar smile that had puzzled Violet several tinies-alrcady. For some minutes there jvas silence, Violet thinking principally about her companion, and woudering who he was like, that his face seemed so familiar. At last Sirs. Hays words flashed through her mind, and glancing up she met the earnest gaze of the blue eyes w hich were so like her own. " What, are you still wondering who I am P" he asked. " oSot now. The likeness puzzled me for a time, now I see that you are like myself, only more of a Mayland than I am. as your liair is fair." " That is the likeness which puzzled you certainly. But uow you will be all the belter for a sleep. I will wrap these ru^s around you, and after a rest I may perhaps tell you why I resemble your family." As he spoke lie tenderly wrapt the rugs around her, and very soou Violet fell asleep, while her companion opened a'magazine and was" soon deep in "its contents. Violet slept on, and morning was beginingto creep up the eastern horizon and yet she slept; the. sun rose and shone in golden bands through the window, yet it failed to* awaken the? weary girl. Even one of the rare stoppages of the train, and the entrance ,of the gimrd did,.iiot rouse^r.- . .*.!.-. : •*•P&or.; "girl/' said: the gronrd te tTie other occupant of the carriage, whom he knew quite well from liis" frequent travelling-loo and fro in the traiii, " She is going, to -hcr fatlier a.t Carlisle, she seemed awfully cut up when she first 'came-into tlie carriage at Horgate, and Major Kay said he was sorry not to be able to accompany her." The other started "when he heard Kay's name, and wondered if the man knew who this, lonely girl was. He determined to find out if possible. " Major Kaj\ 1 knew one of that name once,—a slu-rt dark man, Mith rather a sullen look on his face." " Tliat's the same, Sir; but he is not a bit sullen, he is very good-natured, and just one of those pleasant gentlemen, who have a kind word for everybody. He is stayingat May lands now; but this young lady cannot have come from there, as therc~are several stations nearer to Maylands than the one she got in at," and away the guard flew in haste, to make up for the time he had spent in chattering. Looking at his watch: Mr. May (for that was his name) found tfiat in half an hour they would be at Carlisle, so he hastened to rouse Violet. For a few minutes she seemed bewildered, and then recollection came, and she felt ready to sob again; : but Mr; May allowed her no time for grieving by at once felling what the guard had said adding, " We must change trains at Carlisle, and go on by a later one to avoid being traced. That guard when he hears of your escape, most likely may connect two and two together, and the rcsidt. will be that the direction of yoiir flight will at once be known. If I manage well after leaving the train, the detectives will be at- a loss to discover your way of escape." Before long they, will reach Carlisle. I will take you to a comfortable hotel, instead of the one that you intended going to, you can rest there until I have arranged some buisness, and am ready to start again on -my homeward way; but j*ou had better be known by my * name, May, and pass' as injLdaugiiter." \- I had forgotten all about assuming a name; but yours will.be better than any other." \- " How you trust me, Violet, and yet know nothing of me, how do you know I may not betray you ?" Violet looked up.ouickly with a faint smile: " I do not think you will," she said,; "but I trust you because I cannot help it, you are so' kind." Have you any other baggage beside thisbag." - "JSo, I thought it best to get anyth : ng I might want on my way to Scotland, enstead of hampering myself with a lot of things on first setting out." " Then you had better get anything 'you .'may. want here, or else leave it till you reach- home, my daughter will be only ted delighted to aid you in shopping, as sfie has a true feminine love for it, like most'women." f'Have you a daughter?" asked Violet. . . " Yes, I have two; but only one lives with mc at present. She is very delicate, and docs not care about leaving home, like a true Highlander she thinks nothing comes up to the native land. This is the cab I always hire." So saying he helped Violet into ft and after giving some order to the cabmau. sprang in himself and in a few minutes they were being driven at a quick rate - through the town. Before long they stopped at a quiet looking hotel.; : /. . " I daresay you have been accustomed to stay at fa? grander places than this," Mr. May said as he handed her dow n from the cab, " but the quieter we are now the better," as he finished, speaking he led the njjay in|o the hotel,' - aunost at the diwrway thev. met ,a pleasant faced woman with" a kind motherly look " about her. " Back again you see, Mrs. King," Mr. May exclaimed, in a cheerful voice, and I have brought another daughter for you to take care of. She" is very tired and has travelled a long way." . " I'm glad to see you, Sir. Then (his is tie daughter that-has^ jived in England' all her life. How glad Miss Elsie will be to have her sister - with "her, and so like her too, and how is Miss Elsie/Sir?" "ifo better, Mrs. King; Jt ishouelcss looking for any improvement now,' and Mr. May's face grew grave as he spoke of his daughter's illnesss. " Oh Sir, is it so bad as that P Surety sonic of those grand doctors ill London canr"3o something for her." No I have tried them all, and it is useless. She may "live for sometime, or hot, there is no saying. . r *• Poor child, and I nursed her." ; The good .woman's eyes filled with tears, but hastcly brushing them away she carried Violet off to rest," until breakfast was ready- Sometime afterwards when the meal was ready, Violet entered the room. She had removed her liat and veil, and her face looked deadly white, in, ^contrast to her dark hair, and dark rings encircled her eyes, caused by the tears that she had wept- the evening before: " Violet," exclaimed Mr. May, as she came into the .room. ."You are looking dreadfully ill, why are you worrying so much about this affair? something most turn up sooner or later, to prove your innocence." " I cannot help thinking," replied Violet, in a hopeless tone. . " But you must, -so come and- eat -soroie breakfast, and try to look more, yourself, or Elsie will think I am bringing her a maiden as pale as herself." ' . Violet seated herself at the well spread table and tried tb eat to please her kind friend, but- under the influence of his clever talking, *she .forgot her troubles, and eat a really gpod breakfast. At firs? she did not talkjmucb, biit listened with interest to theiales, ^d legduds collected with tiie tewn, and Scotland.. JSftffl however.she was relating her o^ ncxp^riences of the Highlands, and the conversation gradually changed from the land of Burns and Scott, to the .continent, over which she fouud her companion had constantly travelled. " I did nothing but wander while Elsie was at school," he exclaimcd, *' I had no tics to keep me at home, and even when Els : e left school we travelled about together. Last winter we went over tlie old scenes again, but Elsie pined for her Highland heme, and we returned to Scotland as soon as the biLter spring winds had passed. Violet never guessed how quickly the time flew until Jlr. May teok out his watch, aud found that it- was much later than he expected. " I shall only have a liltie more than an hour to do my business in." he said, rising from the table, " can you write that note for Lady Kuiglit as soon as possible P •Here are papers and pens," drawing out a drawer in a small table as he spoke, " I am often in Carlisle and Mrs. King always lets me have this room, so that no one interfere Mith my things during my absence." In a few minutes Violet had scribbled a hasty note to lirr f ricud, and handed it. to Mr. May. He at once hurried away, desiring her to rest as much as she could during the time. However that was impossible for he. had no sooner left the room than;Mrs.-Kiiig bustled iofo 'it. to •see if she could doanyfchiugfofc dieytHing lady, who was sister to her ftfetM 1 " child,' But Violet sat looking out of the window, and scarcely noticed that it was Mrs. King who had entered the room. Something in her - pale face prevented the woman from talking, but she fidgetted about hoping that Violet would speak, at Last however she summoned up courage?" " I hope y ; >u are strong, Miss May P" " Quite, thank you, Mrs. King," Violet replied, turning from the window with a smile on her pale face. " But you arc so pale," said the woman doubtfully. ,f "lam always that, but now I am v<jjry tired and that I .suppose, makes,me look ill," replied Violet, inwardly hoping that Mrs. King would not turn the conversation to the Elsie of whom sbe knew nothing ; but her hope was in vain, for the next moment Mrs. King began to talk of Scotland. " I hardly know it Mrs. King, I havo only been there once, but I have always wished to go there again—now my wish is gratified." "Are you going to stay long Miss May?" ; " Some months perhaps," replied Violet, wishing that this kindly old woman with her numberless questions was far • away, but she could not. frame an excuse to get rid of her, as she so evidently meaut to be kin 1, and kindness was now too agreeable to Violet for her to care to repulse it, however much she may have wished to be left alone. Mrs. King chatted on about Scotland aud then of Miss Elsie. " You are so like her Miss May, one might take you for twins. I never saw two sisters more alike." Violet was glad to find that as long as she could chatter about Elsie, Mrs. King asked no questions, evidently thinking that her auditor was as well up iu' ^jreryiftiing connected with Elsie as she was herself. Violet -sat on, hardly heeding the old woman's chatter, only answering mechanically to any. question she might ask, until Mr. May returned. He glanced quickly at Mrs. King wondering if she had found out any thing, or whether Violet had unconsciously betrayed herself; but Violet's calm glance was sufficient to show him that he was mistaken in this suspicion.. *' Mrs. King and I have been chattering about Elsie, Papa," she half hesitated before the last word, but neither of her hearers heard it. . " It is time for ns to he off Violet, (lie train starts immediately." " But you will stay for lunch, Mr. May," exclamed Mrs. Kiug iu honor at the proposal, " Miss- May is too tire J to go oil at once." " No thanks, wc really must get home as soon as possible." Before long they lind bidden farewell to Mrs. King, and were rattling in a cab towards the station; It- seemed a great relief to Violet when ther were once more cn route, as she was still haunted, by the dread of dctecti««j. The carriage was empty oscopt for themselves, and as soou as Violet was comfortably settled in a corner Mr. May said with a smile, "Arc j r ou ready to hear the story of my life Violet? and the reasons for becoming a partial iuhahitaut of the West Wing?" *' Yes, I have been curious to hear about you'for ever so long." "In fact," with a peculiar smile, " ever since you were a child, and I used to see you listening with -wide open eyes to hear the ghost's footsteps." " You saw me ?' asked Violet in surprise. " Yes, very often inde.-d ; but I will begin my story, aud that will explain all." To be Continued A Good Lawyer.—" Yes, we need a good lad," said the Lawyer to a young applicant, " and I think yon will edit. Who do you live with?" " With my dear ma." " What docs she do?" "Praysiand takes in washing." What will yott; .do with; your wages?" it otl td ilai«r ma for the missionary cause." '"What do you do evenings? '' Read hymns and veraes to dear ma." And on Sundays P" "Atte: d Sunday BchooL" • " If you ehonld find a nickel on the office, floor, wk.it shonld you spend it for F" "I would not spend it, for that wonld be sinful; I would restore it to the owner." " When eent on an errand, would yon slop to play marbles or wallop another boy t" *' No sir, for ma says that playing marbles leads to gambling, anil ' that oar little fisfo were never made to punch each other's eyas ont." " Little boy, yon are too fearfully and agonisingly good for the legal profession. Ton ehonld step right bask into the middle of the Snnday school library book, where yon evidently came from.'- We will endeavour to wrestle with the stormy road before us without your pious help. You may retire." "You don't want mo P" "Sue I wouldn't suit yon F" "Very." "Well, I'll go home and give the old woman fits! She stock to it like bricke, and made me learn all this guff. I knew you didn't want a -measely little miff aronnd the office, but she wonld have her own way.. Sorry, boss; good-bye." '* Hold on ;eo you're a real live boy, altor all?" * I reckon." "We'll chance you. Come- tomorrow at nine. Four dollars a week, ^ow go. I'm biuy." . That boy made a tepod lawyer.—John Albro, in Elmira Advertiser. One Sunday, as a certain Scottish minister was' returning homewards, he was acopsted by an old woman, who said, "Oh fir, well do I like the day when yon preach !" The minister was aware that lie was not very popular^ and he answered, "My.good woman, I am glad to beat It! There are too few like you, And why do you like when I preach?" " Oh sir," she replied;" when you preach I always get a good seat !".. - . , ... •. " Well, how do you lite the weather r" enquired old man Barnstable of Mrs. Mc Baker, who always looks on the dark ride of things. " Don't like it stall," snapped that amiable virago." Ah! don't eh ?" mildly replied old Barnstable; er—ea—-How do you think you would like it if it suited you? "* 