TlHELE GOLDEN CROSS (BEv .. J. JTITING.) CHAPTER XIX.-Contimued. ' What is it ?' asked Dalton, eagerly. ' 1 don't know; ,but from what you have told me of the old man, 1 shouldn't be surprised if it was money.' And on opening the bag, the surmise proved to be correct-it was full of sovereigns. Both men's eyes glistened when they saw the coins. Fordyce -had taken it from the drawer; Dalton placed his hand upon it. ' Hands off I' cried Fordyce, fiercely; ' it's my risk as well as yours. I have half the risk, and must have half the money.' ' Dare we rob the old man ?' asked Dalton, in a low voice. , Pshaw! we dare? You would have robbed him long ago if you could. Would you have had this but for me ? What do you say ? -do we go halves ; if not, I place it back, lock it up again, give the keys to Mrs. Mountjoy, and refuse to help you further. Do you agree ?' ' Yes, yes; there's my hand upon it.' * 'Right. And now we'd better go; we have done enough for to-night. The will is not in this room, at all events. One moment till I refasten the door. But we will retain the keys for the present. : The closet door was then fastened, :the gas turned down again, and the men 'the room together, Fordyce having first removed the handkerchief from .the woman's face. Arriving at For dyce's room, the door was locked, and the money turned out upon the cover let of bed. Both men's eyes sparkled as they surveyed the heap of glittering -metal, which they then proceeded to .count in'hundreds, and found there was exactly five thousand pounds. It was. divided in two equal parts. ForJdyce placed his in a leather 'valise, after wrapping it up in a hand .kerchief, and :Dalton placed his in a stout stocking lent by Fordyce, and .rthen prepared to leave the room for his own sleeping apartment. S'We renew the search to-morrow ?' ,he n .fked. 'More reason now than ever,' '.eplied Fordyce. ' And if we are not success ful then, or the next day, -I have nuother, proposal to make to you. Aud now we both want sleep ; and don't: forget we have-done a good dayls work' Good night' - SGood niight;' and Dalton left the room.' As he did so, the elock in the tower struck three. '. Three'days `had pssed, and Dalton and FTosdyce ad, as they thought, :searched every corner of the old man \- ion,, but had found nothing in the eshape of a will nor had they comeacross 'ay :more hidden treasure. In the meanwhile the baronet appeared to be rapidly iniproving. The prospect of his immediate recovery in the full pos sessiun of his faculties was by no means ;,greeable to either of the men, ,and ;Dalton seriously proposed that the five ithousaud 'pounds should be returned to rtthe dra*er'in which it' had been found, ,i'ut: Fordyce laughed at the idea. '~To, alo, DIDalton,' he;said, 'A bird in the ihand is worth two in the buh,' and we don't :ome' acroes two thousand five .biupdred every day. Why, with that and ,the two thou I expect from you s.:hortly, I shall be able to live comfort ibly f;or' the rest ,of my days. But '"seriously speaking,Iam almost as much islarmed as you at the bare prospect of the old man's recoveny.. That must :iot sbe. If he continues to improve a ,Lecided step must be taken, or neither of -as willbe safe.' SWhat do you propose? Why don't y+on say at'once ? I am more interested uin this matter than you are.and ought ~to know.' Well, so you shall, Dalton. We are playing ,a dangerous game; but :there is an old saying that you may as 'well be hung for a sheep as a lamb. Now, 'so far as I am concerned, I don't :intend to be hung for either if I can possibly help it. The lamb we have got, and the sheep we intend to get ' if we have the pluck to go for it. The lamb is the money we have stolen from the old man-theshleep must be his com .-plete suence-or his.madness.. Do you understand ?' 'Partly;: but if he, won't die and :n'~? turn hinatic what nre we to do ?' ' Kill him. Listen carefully to this, and mark me, there must be ro hes itanoy on your part or we shall both suffer. To-night is Thursday. The baronet is getling much better, will pro. bably iin a few days have completely re covered his senses, and will then again be master'of the situation. Ho' will that suit you ?.how will itsuit me ? I tell you, Captain Dalton, it would mean ruin to both of us-ruin aye, annihilation. We should receive a felon's doom and pro bably penal servitude for life. I know at first you had sonic little scruples on the score of keeping this money, or pre tended you had, and wished to place it back. I overruled you, however. You could not now put it back if you wanted for the simple reason that :you have sent £500 to London to save your credit and Brentlands, both of which would probably have been gone by this time but for this robbery ; aye, robbery. Don't start, for it was neither more nor less, and your neck is in danger as well as mine. The fact is, what we have begun we must carry through, and this is how I propose to doit. If to-morrow he is no worse, and shows the same chances of recovery which he does to day, we must frighten him out of his mind again. If he won't be frightened, there is only one thing left to do, and we must do it between us-you and I.' 'What do you mean ?' 'I mean to do what you wanted me to dowhen he lay senseless on the grass. The mode will be a question of after consideration. We will first try what fright will do.' 'In what way-how shall we frighten him P' ' Listen. When he received such a severe shock a few days ago, it was in consequence of something you said to him about his daughter Emily, when you accused him of her death. Now, I propose, if we carry out this scheme, to present him with an apparition of Emily Darrell about midnight on Saturday, and if that does not frighten him into complete idiotcy, the one thing I have mentioned remains. Indeed, it is very likely that the shock will kill him.' 'All the better.' ' No, it is not all the better. Lunacy first-death afterwards; and then you are quite safe.' 'But how will you get. anything like the apparition of Emily ?' 'I'll tell you. I have seen Mrs. Dalton on the sebject, unknown to you. I have spoken to her of her dead sister Emily, of whom I found she was very fond. She showed me a likeness of her, which wasa good deal faded, and she expressed a hope that she would be able to have it restored. I at once asked her to entrust it to me, as I had a friend who made good, old pictures and photographs, and to whdin I would sooner entrust it than to any body else. She gave it, and I sent it to London-not to a picture restorer, but to a worker in wax faces.' 'Wax faces.?'-- - ' Yes.; there are some very excellent ones in London. I have requested him to make 'up a face as like that in the picture as possible. I h<ve also sent for a wig, as like the hair of Mrs. Dar rel as can be got, according. to the de scription of Airs. Dalton. I expect both f-ace and wig to arrive to morrow.' ' And you then propose-' ' To assume them lmyself-to get you to wake up the old .man, if he is at all sensible, at midnight, or slilghtly before, so that he shall hear the: clock strike twelve. This being done, you. shall speak to him again of his -daughter: 'Milly,' as he calls, her`; ;aand then you shall charge him with h'er 'leth, .and call upon, her spirit to come forthiaund bear witness to your wvords.' Dalton placed his face in his hands and shivered. ' I can't do it,' he said. ' I' can't do it: I have done too much already.' :: 'You can't- do rit ?:?l_ : dyce, 'What ' do, youa m-,ean ,by saying -you 'can't do it?. You .can do' it, and you shall; .:do it. You have .gone so far, and you shall go the rest. I .tell you Dalton unless yoti do this or murder the old mail 6uiright, you stand a chance of ending your days as a convict. And you'll :drag, me down with you; so I say again, you:shalldo -it, *or, by heavens, I'll end your life myself:' Fordyce spoke savagely. The men werein the same field wehitve seen them in before. It was somewhat earlier in the evening, and there was no chance of ,there being overheard. Well, you needn't get so excited,' said Dalton, deprecatingly, but still in a nervous tremour. ' If I must help you, I suppose I'must, but I would rather have been left out of this.' 'Don't talk about helping me; its I who am helping yo,-aiding and abet ting you to drive the old man mad for the sake of his money, and, perhaps afterwards to murder him. It's nouse mincing matters-that's exactly what it means, and you know it as well as I do. And surely you would rather. frighten theold man into his grave than murder him outright.' ' Yes-we will do this together.' 'That's right. ' And to- mae the apparition mere complete, you had better tell me any little peculiiA:,ties that your sister.in-law had in the way of wearing her hair, or her dress; any particular kind of trinket she wore, any gesture that she used ; or, indeed, give me any little information that will aid me the more effestually to personate her ghost.' ' I don't know that I remember much about her ways as a woman's ways ;. but speaking of trinkets, I remember she used to wear a large golden cross which her father gave lier in her younger days, and which is now in the possession of my wife. It's the cross I told you of, that I took out of pawn, t:ut at the time I Yrceived it from Kilgore I did not know it's history, though I fencied I'd seen it before.. Her ;st&. holwve' r!ecogniaed rt directly .,'., - 'Does btirFrederick know it?' i can't, of course, say that he would recognise it now, but he used to set much store by it once, and the girl, knowing he had a fancy for it, wore it almost constantly. It was a birthday present, if I mistake not, when she was fifteen or sixteen.' ' It's fortunate your wife has it. You must get it from her, and also quietly ask her about any of her sister's ways. I should like to give.as perfect a repre sentation as possible of the part. And now, I think, you understand the main points of the plot. See you are as per fect in your character as I am in mine, and I'll wager a hundred pounds that next Sunday morning Sir Fred erick is either dead or a confirmed lunatic.' ' I'd sooner the former, for safety.' 'And I the latter, for money. And now let's be moving. 'I feel cramped sitting here so long.' And the two men rose from the log and walked away in the direction of the Hall. It had just chimed the hour of eleven. Sil Frederick lay in what appeared to be a calm and peaceful slumber. The nurse was readin_ a paper at the bed-side. The other inmates of the Hall had retired torestlan hour before, for they kept early hours here. Sir Frederick was much better. He had returned to consciousness early that morning, and by the doctor's orders no one had been allowed to see him but his nurse. He had forbidden either Mrs Mountjoy or Aida going into his room at present, for fear of exciting the old man before he had strength to bear an interview with either of them; for he knew that on perfect quietude depended on his re covery. A relapse now would be fatal -that he was certain of, and sp informed Dalton, who, it need scarcely be said, informed Fordyce. The clock chimed the quarter and the half-hour. The paper had now fallen from the hands of the night nurse, her head had dropped back, and with her mouth wide open, she had gone off to sleep. As -the clock chimed the third quarter, the door gently opened, and Dalton stole on tiptoe into the room. He had in his hand a dark handkerchief. He glided up quietly behind the nurse. He knew by her heavy breathing that she was asleep. He placed the hand kerchief over her face, and pressed it against her nostrials. Shenever moved, and would probably be under the effeet of the chloroform for a considerable time. Dalton then returned to the door again, and the next instant a white figure glided into the room and hid itself behind the curtains at the foot of the bed. Dalton theiin proceeded to turn up the lamps; there were two in the room. One of 'these stood on a table near the bedside, the other stood on a chest of drawers at the bottom of the bed, a foot or two away from the white figure, which was muffled from head to foot, so that the face coulI not be seen. A very strong light was. now. thrown upon this figure by the lamp.: Dalton pinned a piece of thin green gauze round the globe of this,"so' that it threw out a weird, coloured light. He then returned to the bed, but .to the opposite side to that where the nurse was sitting, and gently shook the Baroniet by the shoulder. The old man turned round, opened his eyes, and, after a few seconds, said, ' Well, Captain Dalton, you have come again to annoy me? '` ' : 'Don't say that, Sir `Frederick. I have come to sayihow glad land Aida are ghat you are once more recovered.: You, have been very ill for many' days'pa't, and but for the careful waitching of yourl daughter,.I don't think you would have; got over it this time.' S.And who told you arid Aidei to 'come and waitt upon me=-who wanted' youi here again.' ; ' The doctor, Sir Frederick, gave you up, and said it' was the' duty of your daughter to be 'with ,you in.your last' hours. Bukt she attended ".you: .with such care, and' with, such unwearied devotion that'the doctor says you o6we your life to her. 'It may be, it may be, but life's iot worth having. If she watches me so devotedly where is she now'' She has retired to get a little:sleep. She has been up with you night and day, and is thoroughly~vwoin out,' poor thing.' ' And where is Mrs. Mointjoy ' ' Mrs. Mountjoy is' ;only a-- paid servant, and cannot be expectoea to take an interest in her employer when he is near his death. Probably ' she was thinking of tlhe nice legacy you were going to leave her. Look. there is another servant-that woman there -fLst asleep, who is paid to watch you carefully through the'night, and attend toyour wants.. See how she does it! She cares nothing about you or yours'. 11 she cares about is her moriey. But Aida is not like teat; she watches you as a true and affectionate daughter: should, and all she requires from you is a little affection.' 'Well, perhaps I have been hard upon Aida, after all ; if I have, I will try and make amends. But give me a drink-I am parched.' Dalton poured him ,out a glass of barley water, which the baronet drank eagerly, and then sank hack. After a few moment's silence, which Dalton did, not disturb-for he was thinking over the words of the Baronet, 'that he would try and make amends,' the Baronet next said, ' Do yean know where my keys are 3 'I, Sir Frodarick5 How should I know ?' Sir Frederick Jooked suspiciausly at him. ' Know I Well,Ithought'you might. But help me out of bed; I must find them !' ' You imustn' rise,,' $ir 'Frederick. To-morrow will do-yna ran have your !oefs to~-morro~w.' :." ;:: :: . : 