I' CAPTAIN OCILVIE'S FLIRT. I'aiit I. When Captain Ogiivie was appointed to a militia adjutancy in the neighborhood of Lon don he discovered that the fact of his being a married man was not generally known. He had married in Scotland, in the doad season of the year. and somehow the announcement of the wedding seemed to have escaped tho notice of casual friends and acquaintances. His com ing np to town without Ms wife was an acci dental circumstance, and he was honestly disappointed that the precarious state of her father's health prevented her from accompany ing him. He was Boon reconciled to his qnasi-bachelor dom, however, by the flattering attentions ho received in town. He was a remarkably gook looking man, an excellent dancer und an adept at flirtation. Being weak, vain and conceited, he enjoyed tho flatter of excitement which he caused among marriageable young ladies, and though he had at the outset no deliberate intention of acting deceitfully he grew more and more reticent nbout being married and allowed people to believe that ho was a single man. He soothed his con science by keeping np an affectionate cor respondence with bis wifo and by making tho wise resolution to be very careful not to oom- mit himself in any way. Unfortunately he was so susceptible by naturo that if a young lady gavo him encouragement ho conld never resist venturing into the regions of dangerous flirtations. Moro than once he checked hiin- solf only just in time to avoid making a com promising declaration ; and though he blamed himself very severely on theso occasions, he did not learn wisdom from experience. On the contrary, ho grew more and more rerirless. At length one morning ho awoke with a suspicions headache and a dim consciousness of having beon more imprudent than usual the preceding evening. He rocniled to mind, with increasing uneasiness, a tHc-ti-titc conversation with a certain yonng lady in a conservatory after supper.and though he could not remember precisely what hod passed, ho had made an un comfortable foreboding that he had made a for mal proposal of marriage aud beon accepted. All doubts upon this point wero speedily removed by the following note, which reached Mm whilo he was still in bed : Cbilworth-street, Tuesday morning. — My dear est Charley, — I have thooght it best to toll mamma everything at once. She does not ob ject, but wishes to see you without delay. Fiease call immediately, for the sake of your loving Maud. " My loving Maud ! What infernal non sense!" said the captain, peevishly, as ho crashed the note in his hand in a very n'ngal- lant manner. This unwelcome communication effectually aronscd him, and ho hurriedly performed his toilet while cursing his imprudence and smart ing from a aenso of shamo and humiliation. It must be owned that he felt heartily ashamed of himself, and the image of his wife rdso re proachfully to his mind. Concerning tho ob ject of hie faithlessness, Miss Maud Pontifex, Ms sentiments were, of a somewhat mixed char acter. He knew that he had behaved badly to hor, bnt at the Bamo time, ho was bitterly conscious that tho young lady had proved hor- self at least Ms equal in tho dangerous art of flirtation. She had angled for him in the most barefaced manner, and having swallowed the bait be began to realise how palpable thohoolc had been. Altogether his mental attitude to ward Miss Pontifex was rather aggressive than penitent Bnt the fact remainod that he was in an exceedingly awkward predicament, and ho did not relish the prospect of making the neces sary explanation and' apology. Upon the- ' whole he thought the best plan would be to treat the matter as a joko — though of oourso it was qui.te possible that tho young lady might not easily bu brought to take the samo view of it If ncccssnry ho must roveal tho fact of Ms marriage, but ho instinctively shrank from this course. Itwould placo Ms conduct in a very bad light, and exaggerated rumors of the licence ho had permitted himself might reach his wife's oars. 1 The important point was to extricate him self from Ms dilemma without a moment's dolay, and ho, thorofore, resolved to call upon the young lady at onco. At first ho thought of writing, bnt, nor." that it was too late, ho began to liBton to the dictates of prudence. Howover guardedly ho might oxpre3s him- eolf in a letter, it would be safer not to com mit anything to papor. Accordingly, hav ing dawdled over his breakfast, which he scarcely touched, ho sallied forth about midday in the direction of CMlworth- street. On the way he rccallod to mind what ho know of the Poutifexes, and was surprised to find how slight had beon Ms acquaintance with them. He had mot Miss Mind Pontifex, who wa3 a pretty and livoly girl, half a dozen times perhaps nt balls and garden parties and bad never lost an oppor tunity of making himself agrcoablo. The young lady, on her part, had cvincod a marked pre ference for him, so that they had soon becomo excellent friends. He had barely exchanged two words with her mother Dud was entirely ignorant of their circumstances and social posi tion, though it was evideut they moved in good society. It began to dawn upon him that thoy might possibly be a couple of adventuresses, or at least a mother and daughter intent upon secaring a husband for tho latter, or perhaps tor both. This snspicion, though it increasod his uneasiness, rendered him more callous about tho unpleasant task ha had to perform, and he knocked at the door of their residence in very stom and resolute frame of mind. Tho neat maid Bcrvant who admitted Mm Bhowcd by her manner that lie was ex pected, and requested him to follow her to the drawingroom. But before bo could reaoh tho foot of tho staircase a charming apparition, In a pretty morning gown, in tercepted Mm ;. and Mies Maud, her bine eyes sparkling, and her face covered with blushes, cried enthusiastically : " Oh, Char ley I How good of yon to come so soon. Good morning 1" The Balutation was uttered in rather a de mure tone, whilo two small white hands wero outstretched towards him and a pair of rosy Hps uplifted in an enticingly suggestive man ner. Captain Ogiivie was completely taken aback and had no- time for reflection. It cer tainly crossed his mind in a dim, uncertain way that ho ougtit to be cold and stately. But it was impossible to collect his thoughts and blurt out his explanation with the maid ser vant standing agog on tho stairs and Mand Pontifex's pretty face in close proximity to his own. The simplest plan seemed to he to grasp the little hands and to imprint the expected kiss, which Captain Ogiivie did, not without awkwardness, perhaps, yet with a fair ap pearance of satisfaction. " Mamma is dying to see yon. Sho is so nice, Charley, Yon will love her, I'm Bure," said Maud, as Bhe tripped up the stairs, "Perhaps — ahem ! — my dear — young lady, I had better say a few words to you first," fie gasped nervously. " Not here. Come along. Mamma is np stairs," said Mass Maud, looking at Mm archly. The Captain feebly attempted to protest, but tho young' lady having already reached tlie first lauding, ho was obliged to follow. Ho was presently ushered into a trim littlo drawingroom, where he found an elderly lady seated in state upon the sofa. "This is my mother. Mamma, doar, this is Charley— Captain Ogilvio — you know," said Miss Maud, gracefully performing tlie ceremony of introduction. " I already have the pleasure of your ac quaintance, 1 think, Mrs. Pontifex," he said, bowing awkwardly. " Considering tlie news my daughter lias told me, I think I may venture to welcome you in an old fashioned manner, Captain Ogiivie," said the elder lady. The Captain was too much confused to un derstand this speech, and boforc lie could reeovor himself Mrs. Poutifex had placed a hand on each shoulder and kissed him affec tionately on Ms whiskers. This touching episode completed Captain Ogilvie's discomfi ture, and ho dropped uninvited into a chair from sheer nervousness anil dismay, "Pve come to speak about this engage ment," he said, as' ho tugged viciously at Ms glovo. "Oh, you have ray full consent, Captain Ogilvio," returned the old lady, briskly, " I wanted to see you so as to get that over. I hate formalities." " You are very good," returned the captain, evading Miss Maud's affectionate glanco, "but the fact iB I — I wanted to say " " I have iuquircd abont your prospocts, Cap tain Ogilvio," interrupted the old lady in- gonoously. "From all Ihcar I am sure I can safely confide my daughter's happiness in yonr keeping." " Pardon mo, but what i havo to say does not refer to my prospects, - There has been a — a slight mistake, a trifling -misunderstand ing. No consequence whatever, but I tMnk I had better montion it," said the captain das- perntcly. But for the life of Mm ho could not proceed, and looked the picture of misery. ' "Ah ! I see I am in the way," remarked the old lady, after an awkward pause, ae sho roBe from iter Beat with a pleasant smile. " No doubt you desire a tclt-a-t&lc; witli Maud and I have ray household duties to attond to." ' "Pray don't leave," cried Captain Ogiivie, jumping np in genuino alarm at tho prospoct of ' being left alona.with tho young lady in Ms present unsettled aud startled fraino of mind. " I can't stay, 'pon my word. I shall he lato for parade as it is." "Oh, Charlie, must you go already?" ex claimed Maud, reproachfully. " Must, indeed. . I'll call again this after noon— or, at all events, I will write," said tho captain, backing toward the door in a de termined manner, under the iufluonco of a veritable panic. _ Ho beat a hasty retreat, evading the neces sity tor a formal leave-taking by muttering aomcthing nbout calling again .in 'an hour or two, Tho fact was ho fclt com- pletely overwhelmed by tho awkwardness of the situation, and c'oald not summon up the fortitude to Mako his confession. Tho catra, matter-of-faot manner of old Mrs. PoatiCgx »ud Maud's frank and innocent demeanor had completely disconcerted ' liiin. It was ovident that neither of them entertained the remotest suspicion of his guilty seorot, nnd that both regarded tho en gagement as a settled filing. Under these circumstanocs he found himself qnite uuoqal to tho task of nbrnptly undccoiving thorn, and mistrusting tlie effect of Maud's blao eyes upon him in his melting mood, ho had preferred to seek safety in flight. Of courso ho was very angry with himself : afterwards, aud fclt moro perplexed aud em barrassed than ever. Ho was afraid to trust - himself to call again, and ho was equally avorte to putting pen to paper. Consequently, after mature dolificrntion, he resolved to take a middle course and do nothing. It was irapos- - ' sible, lio reflected, that Maud and her mother could havo failod to remark his coldness, and if ho neglectod to keep his appointmont and studiously refrained from going near them, thoy must necessarily realise that there lmi been ' a misunderstanding. He was qnite conscious of tho weakness and uti manliness of this plan, not to epoak of the want of courtesy and consideration for the yonng lady which it involved. But he was in snch a state of almost ludicrous distress that lie sel fishly thought of nothing but Ms own embar rassment. For three days, therefore, Captain Ogiivie hardly stirred from his rooms, and tremu lously looked for tho result of his unworthy manccuvro. He fully expeoted that Maud nud her mother would call upon him, un der the natural impression that ho had been- suddenly taken ill, and he therefore gave strict orders that ho was not at home to visitors. They did not disturb Mm, how ever, and it was not until ho had begun to brcatho moro freely that ho received a letter from Maud asking for an explanation of Ms conduct. He openod it with considerable tre pidation, not unreasonably anticipating that it might formally reloasc him from' the engage ment. Bnt, to his great disappointment and increased dismay, it did nothing of the kind. On the contrary, tho rcproachca it contained wero very light compared with tho expressions of unalterable affection, and it ended' with the following significant sentence — " Yon must corao without fail to- morrow, dearest, tor mamma has asked a tow near relatives nnd old friends to make your ac quaintance. I am overwhelmed with kind 1 congratulations on our engagement and' I long to see you, if only to be ablo to answer the numerous questions that arc asked mo about the probable date of our marriage." ' " Good hoaven !" ejaculated Captain Ogii vie, fairly horror-stricken. " Thu foolish girl has been announcing thp engagemont all pver the place. I must pnt a stop to it at all hazards." After taking a few agitated strides about tho room, ho opened his desk for the purpose of writing a letter which would at least pre vent further misoliicf. He found this no easy task, however, especially as ho saw the neces sity of expressing himself in most guarded language. He wrote draft after draft, and tore np a quire of paper in Ms frantic endea vors to. bo at o£:e explicit and diplomatic. Finally, having worked himself into a state of frenzied desperation, ho threw prudence to tho winds, and did not attempt to delay tho en gagement. His reply expressed regret that Miss Pontifex should have taken his jesting remarks seriously, and stated in tho plainest terms that a marriage was out of tfie ques tion. He waited with considerable anxiety to eeo how the young lady would take this disclaimer. That sho would be highly indignant and offended was, of course, to bo expected, and he fclt that ho deserved to be assailed with bittor reproaches. But what ho feared was that she might prove vindictive and expose Ms conduct among mutual friends. This would naturally be exceedingly awkward tor him. It never, howover, erojsod his mind that oven a worse misfortune might result from his imprudence. The following letter, therefore, wMoh reached him a day or two later, completely took bis breath away : — Bedford Row, London. — Sir, — I am instructed by my client, Miss Mand Ponlifox, to comments . an action against you for damages for broach of promise of marriage. Will yon bo good enough to give me the name of your solicitor, who will accept sorviceof writ? — Yours obediently, J. 8. Msnnimny, Pabt II. Captain Ogiivie, in his dire perplexity, de termined to call upon Mr. Morridow, thp soli citor, hoping that when ho explained that ho was a married man tho threatened action would not bo brought. He soon found, how ever, that the other side wero not likely to ha moved by the revelation. Mr. Merridcw ap peared to bo a shrewd old gentleman, with a keen sense of humor, nnd ho rccoived tho cap tain's explanation with a grin of amnsoment. "A married man, ch?" ho rcmarkod, tak ing a pinch of snuff. " Woll, that is. all tho better for us." "Why? Of coarse it makes my foolish conduct all the more inexcusable, but I don't see how it assists you," said Captain Ogilyie, with humility. " It proves that you are deliberately trifling with the poor young lady's affections." "But you can't bring an actiou for breach of _ promise against a married man, purely !" said tho captain incredulously. " Can't wo ? Wo aro going. to try,!' retnrned Mr. Merridew,. in a tone of playful banter, which was extremely irritating. " Of course it isn't my business to tell you tho law— youx own solicitor will do that. It is eufficient tor us that we know nothing about your being married till this moment." "Come, Mr. Merridew, is your client really in earnest V" cried Captain Ogiivie, in despera tion. " Does sho mean to go into court, and bo on ?" " Undoubtedly, The awkwardness will pro bably be on your side." " It certainly is devilish awkward tor mo," said Captain Ogilvio frankly. " Tlio oxpoanra will ruin me. What damages does the Isdy claim ?" he asked, after an uneasy ' pause, during which ho traced the pattern of the dingy carpet with tlio ond of Ma stick. " Three thousand pounds," Baid Mr. Merri dew, looking Mm in tho face, and. taking another pinch of snuff. " Three thonsand pounds ! Oh 1 prepos terous 1" cried tho captain, indignantly. " Wo sliallseo," said, tho lawyer, quietly. " Is — is tliorc nothing I can do to compro mise the matter?" asked Captain Ogilvio, after another short silence. " I mean in the way I of apologies." j "I am afraid apologies would not oonsow tho- yonng lady," said Mr, Morridow drily- n Ton hud better commit your own solicitor, Captain Ogilvio, and lot him adviso yon. By the by, who ia your solicitor 5" "I liavo no solicitor. I suppose I had better rcfor yon to Mr. Bold, of Lincoln's Inn Isolds, who prepared my wife's marriago sottlouiont," said CaptniuOgilvio, rising from i y0u could not do hotter," said Mr. Morri- dsw, malting a note of the name. " Good day to you, sir, and I hope wo may ho ablo to settle this unpleasant matter as amicably as possible under tho circumstances." Captain Ogilvic was not in a good mood to reciprocate the lawyer's amiability and took his departure rather abruptly, feeling savage and disappointed. When he got outside ho regretted ho had mentioned Mr. Bold's hang) as his solicitor. Mr. Bold had actod for many years as a legal adviser to his (rifo'e family, and though he was ac quainted with him, he felt ho would not bo likely to receive much sympathy in that quarter, For this reason, ho would havo preferred, ou this occasion to be represented by a stranger. However, having referred the plaintiffs solicitor to Mr. Bold, and not knowing, as a matter of faot, any other London lawyor, ho made his way to that gentleman's office. Mr, Bold's manner quite realised tho captain's unoasy expectations. Instead of treating tho affair in a dry, mattcr-of-fact way, Mr. Bold took him to task roundly for his indiscretion, and mado him winco by ex pressing contempt at his conduct. Though pcrloctiy conscious, mac IIU nuu m; .1 LL » uu J. UU both to his wife and to Miss Pontifox, Captain Ogilvio regarded himself rather as a martyr than a malefactor. Tho punishment seemed to him to bo out of all proportion to the ofTence, and it was by no means pleasant to be thus talked to by Lis own lawyer. " Weil, Mr. Bold, it's no use pitching into me," he said at length, feeling rather nettled, " The quostion is, What is to be done ?" " I must sco Mr. Merridew at once," returned tho lawyor. " I have seen him. He says his client is in earnest," answered Captain Ogilvie shortly. "Yon havo seen tho plaintiffs solicitor. That was very irregular," said Mr. Bold, look ing scandalised. " When was that, pray ?" "Just now, on my way here, I thought when I told him I was married he would stop tho action." . _ | "Oh! you told him you were married. That was very clever of you. You havo simply put tho whip into his hands," said Mr. Bold, with a short laugh. "Well, I will leave the matter with you now, at all events," said the Captain humbly. " I suppose yon admitted the promise V" proceeded Mr. Bold unmercifully. "I don't know what you mean by that. I didn't deny that I was foolish enough to pro pose to the girl," said Captain Ogilvie, turning sulky. " For that matter my letter to her trill nriwA m mtirh" I 44 So you wroto a letter, too ! Well, you don't acom to hftvo left mo much elbow room. I'm afraid my task will resolve itself iuto making tho best terms I can," said the luwyer, bhrugging his shoulders, 44 What I chiefly want is to avoid a scandal for my wife's sake," observed the Captain. 44 Oh, yes ; wo must stop him even issuing ft writ, if possible, but it may prove cxpen aire. Did Merridew mention any figure in referenco to damages ?" 41 Ho said something about three thousand pounds. Of course that is ridiculous," said Captain Ogilvie, anxiously. I( Humph! It is unwiso to prophesy. At ftU events, I will do the best I can," said Mr. Bold, rather ominously, as ho shook hands with his client. " Gall to-morrow afternoon," bo added, opening tho door to him. Captain Ogilvio felt very crestfallen during his homeward journey, and was more than ever conscious that he had made a fool of himself. Ho had done more harm than good by calling on Mr. Merridew, and alto gotfcer the outlook was not cheering. For a man who entertained tho belief that ho was rather a sharp fellow, his position >vaa far from enviable. The last phase of his anxiety had reference to the probable pecuniary sacrifice he would have to submit to. Ho was inclined to be mean about money matters, and the prospect of havingto pay a large sum of money was of itsolf quite suflioient to cause bim a sleepless night. 1 He punctually kept his appointment the fol lowing afternoon, and took heart from Mr. Bold's beaming expression. | 41 Well, I think we need not fear the worst," ; said tho lawyer cheerfully. 44 What havo you arranged ?" inquired Cap tain OgUvie, with great eagcrnoss. "With tho greatest difficulty I have per- TOadod Merridew to bo reasonable. He Is a beggar to tight, and ho was anxious to take the cose into, court. It appears tho unfortu- nato young lady had told her friendB and relatives of the engagement, nnd Merridew bolioves n jury would give her heavy dam ages to mark their disapproval of your con duct." 41 Well ? " said the Oaptata, wincing. " m He will tako twelve huudrud pounds down, inclusive. That is the beat I can do for you, Bald Mr, Bold, leaning back in his chair with nil air of complacent satisfaction. "Twelve hundred pounds !" repeated Cap- tain Ogilvie, blankly. 41 Yes, provided it be paid within a week. I toll you candidly that, considering the short duration pf the engagement, the young lady tntght not recover twelve hundred nonce. But that Is not the point. What you want to provont la tho scandal of tho trial. For ! your wife's sako, I think you will havo to the money." 'Of course, if you say so," groaned the Captain. "I do say so," returned Mr. Bold emphati cally, 41 and tho sooner tho matter is settled tho bettor." 11 Won't Mr. Merridow give way a Iittlo tnoro ? Twelve hundrod pounds is an enor- Jnous sum. It is almost all I have," said Captain Ogilvio, mopping his forehead, " I know, and that la tho only reason why Merridew conaontod to take it, else he bold out for fifteen hundrod pounds. But I Jwd him — knowing a Iittlo of your affairs — that twelve hundred pounds was tho utmost farthing you could pay." 41 I suppose I can have a f6w days to think it Over r ' said the unfortunate gentleman. , I promised Merridew he should know definitely to-morrow afternoon," returned Mr, Bold. 44 Confound you ! Then say yes," ex- Omuned Captain Ogilvie, bouncing up from bhair, unablo to restrain hlo rago and mortification. " I will pay tho money at onco and havo done with it. It's an infernal swindle, but I suppose there's no help for it. Good day, Mr. Bold." j Captain Ogilrio loft tho room in a wluto heat, and tho lawyer seemed surprised, as well as a littfo uneasy, at his vehemence. Three days lator, however, he mado his appearance again, looking not only very much subdued, hut absolutely haggard and ill, 41 My dear Ogilvio, what havo you been doing to yourself ? ' said Mr. Bold, not uusyinpnthc tically. II Ilero is the money," he remarked, produc ing a chcquo and laying it on the table, 4 ' I am afraid I owe you an apology, Mr. Bold." 44 Why ?" inquired tho lawyer. II I lo3t my temper tho other day, Whon I talked about swindling I did not, of courso intend to refer to yon." i " Thank you," Bald Mr. Bold, quaintly, 44 It was foolish of mo to got excited," ho said, smiling In spite of himself, at tho law yer's expression. "One grows aocustomod to those Iittlo ox- plosions," returned Mr, Bold, good huraoredly, ; as he took up tho oheque, " And now, Ogilvie,- you must let mo give you a Iittlo bit of unpro fessional advice. You look very ill and I ox- peofc you have been worrying a good deal about this afTair, and especially about the money," " Well, it is a serious loss," said Captain Ogilvio, showing by the regretful glntioo ho cast at tho cheque where tho shoo pinched. x uu wauv u umugo. uan you got; away for a day or two ?" 44 Yes." 14 Then run up and see your wifo, Tell hec everything and get her sympathy," 44 No, 1 aha'nt tell her. I hope she will never know of my foolishness," he said quickly, 44 It would bo safer to confide In her. Humor, you know, has a thousand tongues. At all ovents, my dear Ogilvio, go and be nursod. You are below par," said the lawyor, shaking his hand quite affectionately. Captain Ogilvio started for tho north next day, fcoling that Mr. Bold was quito right in saying ho required a change. His wife—a bright, clover little woman- gave him a hearty welcome and seemed deeply concerned at liis careworn aspeot. 44 My dour Charles 1 what has Iiapponcd to you? You look like a ghost," she said, when they had exchanged greetings. 44 I'm rathor out of sorts, Maggie," ho an swered evasively, 44 1 shall bo all right in a day or two." i4 Have you had anything to worry you, Charles?" inquired his wife, leaning over him. 44 Yes, I have been rather bothered," ho said, as lightly as possible. 44 What has worried you ? Has your worry anything to do with this?" sho said, producing a pieco of paper and handing it to him. I Wllfkfr. It t" tin inntiiva<1 .nn.a. : henslvcly, I Tho smile on his wife's face reassured him, nnd he took the paper from her and glanced nt it, "It 19 n cheque for £1200 !" ho cxclnimod. " Yea," returned his wifo, throwing her arms around Ids neck. " My own cheque ! Tho ono I gnvo to Bold," ho cried, forgetting his caution in his surprise. | " Yea j but you inuan't bo angry with Mr. Bold, Charlie," intorposed his wifo, hurriedly. , "He acted with my authority In order to I giro you a little lesson. It was nil a comedy, arranged between him and ths other lawyer | with a funny name." | " A'cotnedy ! a screaming farce you mean," said Captain Ogilvio, satirically, though he I was aecrotly too much overjoyed at getting his money back to feel rcscntmont. " So I have bocn tbo victim of a lawyer's praotical joke 1" " No, ft was all Maud'a idea — Maud Ponti fox, you know," Bald his wife, slyly. ! " Oh ! you know her, then?" said the Cap tain, with a guilty start. " Yes ! but don't ask me how mncli I know. I bad heard of your flirtations before Maud wrotoand proposed this little plan. You seemed to have forgotten your poor wife, and Maud was nuito scandalised bv what sho hoard of your behavior." " Who tho deuce is Maud ?" inquired the Captain, more curious than apprehensive, for ho read forgiveness and even remorse -in his wifo'e eyes. | " Maud 1 why Maud is my cousin, only she thought it would bo fun not to reveal the re- : latlonship, as you did not know her. She and my aunt could not come to our wedding bccauso they were wintering nt Nioo. But I wonder you didn't recogniso the namo. Don't you romembor they gave ua that pretty little Louiso Quatorze clock in tho drawingroom f Charlie, you are an old gooso." "Well. I believe- 1 am." sr.id the Cautain. mildly.— London Truth . TiiKGnowTnorTnnHEART. — 7htITamburger Nalhriahtm has recorded the observations mado on tho abovo subject by tho Into Dr. Bencoko, of Marburg. According to these in vestigations, tho greatest and most rapid growth of the heart takes place during tho first and second years of human life. By tbo end of tho second year its bulk ts said to be exactly double what it originally was. Betwoen tho second and seventh years it is again almost iIaiiIiIaiI A bIaipi>i> Mtn nf nmwf.li nnur until in, until about the fifteenth year, the augmen tation of volnme during the intervening novon or eight years being only about two-thirds. In the porfod of maturity which now ap- proaohosf the growth of tho heart again makes progress, the inoreaso keeping paco with the advanoo towards maturity of tlio other portions of the system. Thns, as compared with its sizo at tho age of fifteon two-thirds havo been added by tha ago of twenty. Aftor the twentieth year, tho rate nf dovolopment again becomes slower, but an increase in volume is perceptiblo up to the fiftieth year. The nnnual gain in bulk daring that period is supposed to bo about .OBI of a cubio inob. Growth ceases after tho fiftieth yoar is passod, and a slight diminution in tho size of tbo heart ensues- This is re garded as a part of tho gonoral olfoots of approaching old age. ' As to the comparative size ef the heart w males and females,- it is stated that in chilhood there 'is no difference of any note. When maturity sets in, tho malo hoart develops more than that of the fomalo, and the difference of from to 2. ouhio inohea thus established is said to _ bo maintained throughout the remainder of life, 