SSCEPTREAN_ RING . 'Bi B . BUXTON.] r.AUTHnoR OF "NELL. ON AND OFF THE ; STAGiS," " riOM THE WINGS," &C.; : OHAPTER IX--(Continued?.) ; But there was something apart from Ihis daughter's voice, and her charming rendering of the eloquent words of the song, that arrested old Michael's at tention as she stood before him. He began to watch her curiously, is he had never watched before. When he was sober he bade her sing again and again, night after night; and when he was drunk he insisted on hearing :her songs, and drowned them in hideous clamor of glasses and fists; with which he knocked the table in deafening ap plause. Patty also watched her sweet mis. tress in growing anxiety. She saw the lines which haggard care was drawing upon the lovely young face; she noted the cloud of despair which settleod upon the now lowly bent head f and she noted the continued absence of Mr. Straugo with surprise, and, after a while, with dismay. "And all this time Olga never doubted her husband's loyalty and truth. ,Something had happened. Some business of' vast importance to him, and of which he had not been able . to tell her the details, had suddenly called him abroad. He was prevented from writing to her, and of course he *had not telegraphed to her, fearing to compromise her with her suspicions, " violent parent. There were surely :.valid reasons for his silence, if she only took the trouble to regard the affair from /id point of view. One of these days-to day, to-morrow, or next day-he would return, surely, surely, unless- and this was the ileepest and really crushing ankiety for the poor young :wife-unless he "had met with some aooideat. She could? ask no one, she knewvnaught of his family, orfi'iends.: He had never alluded so either. And she had no meaas of finding anything.. out for herself. Something bad happened I Each passing day incrcased the strength of that conviction, and soon it became fhimly rooted in Olga's mind., At last h-r huln band's absolute silence led her to the fatal inference that. he was dead. And she could consult no one in this misersable perplexity. There "was none to whom she could: turn for. sympathy, advice or consolation. Once she so far did violence to her feelings as to return to Great George street, bent on an interview with the house keeper, and subsequently, perhaps, with her husband's friend, the owner of the rooms on the second floor. ,' You dare to shiw your face here "again, you shameless hussy I' oried the indignant matron, as she came to they door ii answer to poor Olga's 'ndeaet sumimons. I I should be so thankful if you would allow me to see Mr. Urquhart for? five mninutoe,' pleaded the girl, with great earnestness.. 'I shall he thanful if- you will hand over Mr. Urcjuhart's . latch-key this moment,?or I'll get a policeman to make you ! This was the house-keeper's ultima tuin; and Olga, handing over the latch.key, felt that she gave away the last link of the happy chain that had connected her with the glad "days of thab past honey-moon. Sometimes the necessity of confiding ' .i~hertroubles to some one terimpted the •wrett-h.l girl to unbosom herself to Patty, thaifalthf, .L,,airl of her own and her deai rnothor. .Hermonem,, Bho herself woul hbe a.mother.. somp day; and then , Cuthbert's intonse dislike to Patty had sealed his wife's lips"In the f' instance for he lovned 11 qu~eflothe :....;? a nd now, a sense of shame, nd a shrinkdug from the ex wostre of he loheart's doeeesbileC, irept 'her ;lent. , -ew of her marriage. " u~- tbert had taken out a license and ,'rranged all the details with. the registrar, who had obligingly provided witnesses for the ceremony . W? don't profess to. do thus part of thq businiess,' the :aileial had said, doubtfully,; but a bank.nate is apt 4o overcotme technical objeaoions where tue recipient, though honest, is poor, and knows thUt no, question' of law or morality is involved. Ptatty had .cortaily suspeoted' that theo 'yohugr awll,' of whom shio so thoroughlly lisnpproved,..was paying his court (keeping company, she cinled it) to Miss'Olrm, I3utthough.tho girl was . rough and unacuth in her mannors, sheo .hail ii untuiial tdelicacnoy of fooling, and had long b(?firoe this ascortainod thatlher * rovred mirtross was not one nlho liked "chaff. Ho, with a. forboaranco that manuy of hor'Huperors would do well to imitath, nlih abstained from all allusion .to the ' swontlhirlrti.i,' which she more than RUaIspeotd. She askod no question. mado no commeont; and Olga was denply gri?i.'esl for this disorotion, But after that ovouing when she samd baok trom her oharing and found Mliss Olga looking like a ghost, and saeemiog so strangely indifferent to all around IheI, Prttty felt suro somothing was very wrong. Thou in a month or two Olga bh.gan to ning to her father, , rd her voino ihrillod Patty with the . HrangosHt embtion, . * Hlow saurod Miss Olga looked ; how .* qait aid inidiffliont she soomod I' .tliougfht simpleo Patty, wondering and auxiona. ' And that Mr. Strange whlat had bioomno of him 2' Long afior he loft hia bnok room in SyJnucy.trrcit he niud to return to the honuo in tlilo voning, to Ihave a ohat with Mii.' Lnyton,. But for more than two months he stayed away altogether, and then Miss Olga ceased to mention his name. At one time it was con stantly on her lips, and it was always pronounced with a smile and a blush. But after he oeased to pay his regular visits Olga never alluded to him at all. And then-one night Patty knew the worst, and allher secret fears were sud denly defined and realised. Her mistress rushed into the maid's little attio after she had laid down on her miserable trucklo bed, and said in a frightened whisper, ' Oh, Patty, take me away, take me away I hide me, save me I My father has turned me out of his home for ever. He has cursed me, Patty-cursed me and disowned mel But I am married, Patty I I am a truly wedded wife, and my poor husband is-deadP'l She felt that she spoke the truth as she uttered the word at last that had haunted her for months. And Patty, seeing her frenzied state, forbore to ask questions. She would know all in good time, no doubt. A period of much suffering and countless hardships followed the expul. sion of Olga from her father's home. :But, when things were at the worst, she reluctantly handed the bank-note her husband had given her to take care of to faithful Patty. With replenished funds, a modest but comfortablelodging was taken in Camden Town, and there the baby was born. - In obedience to her mistress, Patty went back to Sydney street once a week to inquire for letters; but there were none; a?nd the fourth timo the faithful maid was despatched on her errand she found the old tumble down houses razed to .the ground, and no one knew what had become of the impecunious landlord or his disrepu. table lodger, L~syton. Patty now had more than enough to do in looking after her mistress and the precious baby, besides earning as many shil lings as her willing hands coutd obtain. Thebaby was a bright, gobd-tem. pared little creature. Sho was stout and healthy, had fine limbs and sound' lungs, and soon became the delight and idol of the two women, who watched her with jealous eyes and loving care. Olga had been ailing for a long tiine after the birth of her child, and even now was still very delicate. ;The twenty pounds, though rigorously economised, had divindled down to nothing in the course of. sir weary months. . And when Patty scent her hardly-earned wages at that second rate provision-shop in the ieighbou. hood of Tottonham Court 1Road, she really was at a loss how to raise the shilling which certainly would be necessary for the support of her mis tress and herself until the following Monday. It was at this crisis that Olga asserted - herself, ,and courage ously declared her intention of setting forth once again on the ambiguous errand of singing in the street, and thus earning the absolutely necessary money for the morrow's bread. (To leo Co0thiued.) 