THE HOUSE. Hints on Ironing.—In ironing a dre3« first iron tho waist, next the sleevas, and lastly the skirt. Keep the latter rolled while doing the other parts. In ironing a shirt first do the back, then the sleeves, the collar and bosom, and then the front. Silk should be ironed on the wrong side, when quite damp, with an iron not very hot. Always iron lace and embroidery on the wrong side. Apricot Wine.—Slice twelve pounds o? ripe apricots; then boil them with a pound of sugar in three gallons of water for half an hour; strain the liquor into a pan; put with them a few of the kernels of the fruit; mix all together. Having covered the vessel leave the liquid to cool. Mix one tablespoonfui of fresb brewers' yeast with it, and leave it for three or four days to ferment. Then pour off the clear liquid into a cask, which muse be scrupulously clean, and let it remain until the fermentation is ended. A pint of white wine should then be added, and tho cask closed for six months. At the end of that time the wine should be decanted into bottles and kept for a year longer before being used. Beep Steak Pie with Oysters,—Take three jiounds of tender beef steak. Make a seasoning with half a dozen shalots, half an ounce of pepper and salt mixed together, a very little cayenne and pounded cloves, and a tsbiespoonful of flour as thickening for the gravy; divide the meat into pieces of two and a half inches, put a layer in the dish with the seasoning equally distributed, and some large oysters parboiled and bearded in alter nate layers till all is used up. Reduce the liquor of the oysters, take equal quantities of it-, and good gravy to make halt a pint, pour it into the pie and cover with the paste. Bake for two hour.-. Vegetable Marrow in White Sauce.— Boil a large marrow in the usual way. When three-parts cooked take it up, cut it into square pieces, place these in a saucepan, and pour over them as much white sauce or thick brown gravy as will cover them. Lot them heat gently. Serve in a vegetable dish with the sauce poured over them. Preparing Green Figs.—Weigh the fruit, and have an equal quantity of sugar, the peal of one large lemon, and a little ginger. Lay the figs in cold water for twenty-four hours, tfien simmer them till tender; put them again into cold water, and let them-rcmain for two days, changing the water each day. If not quite soft simmer again, and replace in cold water until next day. Take their weight in sugar, aud with two-tbirds of it make a syrup, in which simmer the figs for ten minutes. In 6 wo days take the third of tho sugar pounded fine, and pour the syrup from the figs on it. Make a rich syrup with the peel of the lemons, and a little ginger, and boil the figs in it, thea mix all together, and put into large jam pots. Tea Rusks.—Dissolve half a teaspoonful of saleratus, and a teaspoonfut of salt in a spoonful of hot water. Stir in this with a pint of warm milk and two largo tablespoon fuls of good yeast. Put the liquor into a bowl, and stir into it as much fine flour as will make a light dough. Knead this thoroughly, cover the bowl with a cloth, ana put it in a warm place to rise. It will be light in a couple of horns. Work into the dough two tablespoonfuls of sugar and a quarter of a pound of butter dissolved, but not hot. Flour the hands thoroughly, and make the dough up into small cakes the size of an orange, lay these side by side in a buttered pan, brush the tops over with miik, and bake in'a quick oven for half an hour, Serve hot. Hints for Kursing.—The following ex cellent advice is given by a medical man in Chamber it's Journal: — Quietude is a great thing, of course; but real quietude means the absence of all excitement, and it must be re membered that anything out of the common will tend to excite the mind of a sufferer. Do not therefore walk on tiptoe, for this, in addi tion to its unusual elaboration of the gait, invariably causes a certain amount of creak ing. Speak in low tone3, but don't whisper; a whisper will often awake a sleeper who would not be disturbed by ordinary conversa tion ; and never say " Hush !" Let your clothing and foot-covering be of as noiseless and unobtrusive a character as passible, and instead of gliding and totteriug about like a rickety ghost, do not hesitate to walk, If you have occasion to say anything in the room, say it so that the patient can hear it if he wishes, and do not let him be aware of your conspiring privately with the others, especially at the door. That door has much to answer for. If it be visible from the bed, people open it cautiously, put their heads in, and slowly withdraw again. If, as is more frequently the case, it is screened by the bed curtains, myste rious openings and shuttings are heard, unattended with any apparent ingress or egress, and soito voce colloquies go on outside. When you enter do so honestly and at once; do not spend five minutes in turning the handle, like a housebreaker, thereby pro ducing a series of irritating little clicks, finally terminating in a big snap, with which the door flies open." If the latch be at all rusty a handle that is slowly wound back in this way will often stick, and either require to he rattled back into position, or, if left as it is, may start back suddenly after a time oc its own accord, with a report like a pistoi shot. It is always well to recollect that it by. no means follows that a sick person is asleep because his eyes are shut; he may be acutely eonscious of all that is passing in the room, though unable or unwilling to make any sign; and nothing can be more maddening, under such circumstances, than to have people hush sh- shing and whispering around, and creak ing abcut on the tips of their toes. We have all sympathised in our hearts with poor Sir Leicester Dedloek when his tongue was smitten with paralysis, with his sister con stantly bending over him with clasped hands and murmuring, "He is asleep!"— till, goaded to desperation, he makes signs for his slate and writes, " I am not." "I hope, sor, you will assist a poor man whose house and everything that was in it, including me family, sor, was burned up two months ago, sor." The merchant to whom this appeal was addressed, while very philan thropic, is also cautious, so he asked— "Have you any papers or certificate to show that you lost anything by the fire?' " I uid have a certificate signed before a notary public to that effect, but it wa3 burned tip, sor, in the house with me family and the ruse of me effects.". A minister, who at his ordination said to his congregation that he would not leave them till death parted them, having accepted a call to Glsmls, with £100 more than his present stipend, went into a family before leaving and began to catechise one of the boys. "What question can you say. Frsncis?" "E-e- effectual calling," replied the stammer ing youth, "And what is tha*, Francis 'I" "A hu-hu-hundmip-p pounds jaairss-atstee pcxd,. sir." "Ay, Franci*, do you know where bats go5" " Ye-ye-yv.-, si'." •' Where?" " i'ae- tae Ga-ga-ga- GJtamis, air." 