. AN OCEAN WAIF. BY A SEAFARER. ' I was second mate at the time,' began Mr. Humphrey Roband, who related to us the fol lowing story, ' and our vessol was a bark, named the Eagle. We were bound from New port, in Monmouthshire, to Cape Town, with a cargo of iron, and then we were to go on to Melbourne, and thence to Callao. Beside me, there were Captain Blaokett, the .master, and Josiah Bitting, the chief matej along with fifteen or sixteen hands forward, including the idlers ; and, taking us all round, I don't think that ever a better ship's company Bailod out of an English port. There wasn't a foreigner among us; there was no growling, no loafing; everything was done quickly and with a will, and it was not only a pleasure to give an order, but a happiness to watch the execution of it. Well, we left Newport on a Monday afternoon, and went away down the Bristol Channel into the Atlantic Ocean, under all plain sail, in the finest of weathers. For near upon a fortnight there was nothing but bright ness overhead and blue water under us, made feathery by tho whipping of the breezes whioh blew, eometimes nor' east and sometimes nor' west, coming now and again a trifle fresh, but never so strong as to cause us once to furl the mainroyal day or night. Wc saw nothing of the trade wind till we'were in about latitude 20 degrees north, and then, aftor blowing us along for a spell, it failed ua one morning with slowly falling glass and a long, ugly grey swell coming out of the sou' west, and a sort of dirty blue aky filmed o'er with -haze that might have passed for the drainings from smelters' chimneys. Amid this tho sun hung like a huge jelly-fish, a shapeless oozing of brightness, with soarce enough of power in him to put a streak of light into the brow of the swell that swung heaving up tall out of the near horizon, with summits that seemed to bo trying to wash the yellow stain he made out of the vault of the sky. There was a queer smell of decayed marine vegetable mat ter about, whioh came up in whiffs when the rolling of tho bark made white water along side, and, spite of the sky being thin enough to let the ghost of the sun show through, there was a look overhead that made you think that, if it was night, you'd seo green lightning playing about over the mastheads, like the dartings of tho phosphorus from tho ship's side in black water when you're in tho tropics and the' night lies dead upon the breathless bosom of the ocean. 'Well, what theBo plain signs betokened oamo to pass right enough. Tho glass wont on dropping, and the swell oamo along in a wilder and angrier roll, until at throe o'olock that afternoon thero was scarce more daylight visible than you'll find in the lust lingerings of twilight ashore. We woro snugged down to lower top-sails, tlio yards Bquaro, for there was no call to brace them ono way or another when for hours thero hadn't been a breath of wind, no, sir, not so muoh as to givo a flutter to tho vano at the royal masthead, saving what tho barque gave herself by tho sweo{) of her spars. All hands were on deok, standing by, knowing that something was bound to happen, but inoapablo of guessing from what quarter it meant to como. It was as muoh as we could do to see ono another's faces. The strain on the spars and rigging was something fearful with the rolling, and in the gloom overhead you could hear the creaking and complaining, the squealing of sheaves, the groaning of parrala and trusses. At four o'olock, or thereabouts,' the wind swept down upon ua in a body, right in the wake of the swell. It was wind at first, but it beoame a moving wall in a Bhort timo, and before the clewlines could be manned tho foretopsail blew up and burst into smithereens, just like one of those elastio air-balls when filled too full; It was a terrible tempest. I, who have seen somo fearful weather in my time, -will take my allidavit that a worse storm of wind never raged than that. It pioked the sea up and made wheels of the waves that looked — I don't Bay they were — but that' looked to be forty or fiity feot high. The Eagle was full of iron, very deep, and labored heavily, taking in tons of water forward, bo that the under- I deok forecastle was scarcely to be come at by the mon through tho souttle. In the troughs, during tho weather rolls, the barque would J lay so far over to windward that it was enough to make the oldest seaman hold his breath to look at tho our!, of the onooming sea, and speculate whether „it was possible that she uuuld hoist herself out clear of ihat terrific, white, roaring, flashing aroh before it rolled its enormous volume olear over hor. But tho Eagle was a good sea-boat, having a flaring bow that forced the head surges to throw hor up, and a swell of the sides that made her cork-like on tho lean of a twonty foot hill of water. Had sho been of the ordinary tank-Bhape it muBt have been all froth to ten feet above the mast-coats, with tho watch on dock in the weather-rigging, and the master and mates keeping a look out in the oabin and conning her by the tell tale. s 'For thrco days we had terriblo weather j then it broke, tho wind veored to due east, and after blowing a double-reefed topsail breeze for twenty-four hours settled away into the north east and blew along steady and bright 'again into-the trade wind. It was a Wednesday, the morning watch and I had charge of the deok. Daybreak found ns under a forotopmaBt Btun' sail, the sky clear, and tho oast as green as moonlight with tho dawn. ; Theeea was calm, tho trado olouds rolling in puffs of vapor athwart tho stars overhead and in the west, and tho horizon a line as black as you oould pro duce by the sweep of a pair of oompaBBes dipped in India ink. I stepped over to leeward to have a look at the sea under the foot of tho mainsail, and just then the arch of the sun jutted up and cent a long beam of silver light flashing across the ocean, the extremity of wffich sparkled upon an objeot that appeared white and glistening in the radiance. It bore about four points on the lee bow. I fetched the glass and took a look. She was a vessel, of what rig I could not distinguish, but apparently under small sail. I put down the glas3 and waited a bit and then had another look.. I now fancied I could detect signs of confusion aloft, but of this I could not yet bo sure, though the small canvas she showed made her appearance singular considering the fine weather. Just then Captain Blackett came on deck, and I re ported tho sail to him. He pointed the tele scope at her and said : ' It seems a eaBO of dis tress. Your sight'3 better than mine ; have you made out anything resembling a color ? ' ' No, sir.' 1 Well, wo will bear down and Bee what's the matter. Keep her away,' he called out to the fellow at tho wheel ; and at the same time I sung out to the watoh to lay aft and brace the yards in a trifle. This was done, and the vessol brought about apoint on our leo bow. I It was not long before we were able to make her out very plainly with the glass. Itwosnow seen that she was a small, full-rigged Bhip, of about eight hundred tons ; her three lower top sails and topmost stay sail had been blown away, and her wheel and all boats were gone. She had blaok bulwarks, and lay very deep, as though full of water. In tho lower mizzen rig ging theEnglish eosign had been seized, union down, and there it blew, flickering like a flame, making as strong an appeal foi; assistance as ever a man oould by waving his hands. Well, we shortoned sail, and approached her, keeping a sharp lookout for anything that should resem-, ble a human being ; but there was nothing in that way to be seen. There was a longish deck house aft, and tho remains of another one for ward. There was not muoli swell on, and she lay pretty quiet, giving herself a slowslant now andagain that hove a apaoe of her wet side into the sun and made her flash out like a beacon. ' She looks to be abandoned, sir','saysl to the captain. ' Why, yes, 'that'sher appearance, cer tainly,' says he. ' But it's a fine morning ; no harm can be done by youratepping aboard and giving her a brief overhaul.' So the bark's maintopsail was laid to the mast, a boat low ered, and three hands pulled me aboard the wreck. Two men clambered over the rail after me leaving one in charge of the boat. We stood a moment looking around. Her decks were full of raffle, ropes, staves, and casks, and the like, tho main hatches were off, as if the crew had been jettisoning her oargo, her port bulwarks forward of the mam rigging were smashed flush with tho deck; and altogether she had the most wreoked and strained appearance that amost ever I saw in a vessel afloat. I put my hand to my mouth and sang out 1 Anybody aboard here ?' but the only answer thai, came was the Bound of the streaming of the wind through the rigging, and the bubbling and . washing noise of tho water over the side. ' No foar as to her not being abandoned, sir,' said one of the men. 'An empty coflin coiild'nt be more destitute of life.' I stepped to the door of the deck houso and looked in. There was no appearanoo of injury here. A table went down it, witlVfixed chairs on One side and a locker on the other, and on the port Bide was a row of cabins, five or six, I think. The door of this deok-house swung open, and I and the two men peered in, and then says I, .' I'll just step in and see if I oan cflmo aoross any papers belonging to her,' for I must tell you there was no namo on her bows, and whatever might have been written on her stern was under water; but scaree had I uttered tho above observation when a sort of thin, wailing cryoamc from one of the cabins. ' Hello 1 ' says one of the men, ' the orew has gono and left poor pussy behind. ' Pussy 1 ' says I, who had caught tho cry very olearly, and heard a note in it there was no mistak ing ; ' that's no cat, lads. Follow me.' And I walked straight to tho cabin, from whioh the sound appeared to como, and opening the door, saw just the kind of sight my mind seemed to havo beon prepared, by tho ory we had heard, to witness. The oabin was a bit of box with a scuttle over the topmost of a oouple of bunks. There wero some female garmonts on the deok, along with an infant's feeding bottle, broken , and a few othor domestio odds and ends only met with at sea when thero are women aboard. As we entered a Becond small, wailing cry oame from the upper bunk, and, looking,, we spied a dead woman in it, with hor right arm oast round a baby nine or ten months old. It was impossible to tell that sho was dead till wo drew close and saw the signs plain. She was a young woman, not more than twenty-six or twenty seven, tho hair yellow, and in life I don't doubt sho had beon pretty enough, but now her face was so* strangely white that she might have pasaed for a figure worked in plaster of Paris. Tho baby was too young to . sit up ; he lay — it was a boy, Bir — he lay in his dead mother's arm, giving now and again the queer ory we had heard, the wail an infant utters after it has exhausted itself in crying for hours, I picked him up out of the bunk, and found him wet through) and his flesh like stone for the oold. His mother's clothes — if the woman were his mother, whioh I don't doubt — wore streaming wet, too, and*this mado ua supposo. that Blie had been driven from the deok by the washing water, and had entered her cabin and lain down to die there. ' Tho mon apoko hurriedly about how it oame to pass that these two should havo been loft alono in the wreok. Who was she? I Baid thero was no accounting for what hap pened at sea. Sho might havo been the wife of tho master, who waa drowned in the storm, and left no one to look after her ; or all hands might have perished in gotting the boats over, or tho orew might have forgotten her when thoy put off ; thero was no telling. There lay the woman dead, I said ; and I gave the baby to one of tho men named Nipper to hold whilst I pulled oil my coat to wrap the little chap up in, for he trembled like a shivering bird with the cold, and kept on wailing, as if our handl ing him and the sound of our voices had put .a bit of life into him. We looked hurriedly into the other cabins, but they were empty, and wo could find no papers. There was no good bringing the dead mother along with ns to bury; tho ship she was in waa her rightful ooflin, nnd being very deop, with her main hatch open, I rightly reokoned that the next bit of sea that got up would aink the wreok last enough. I don't aay aa I didn't mumble a prayer as I oamo away holding the littlo ohap. It was an affeoting sight to see that young woman lying there so lonely— quite recently dead, as we might supposo by her- littlo one being alive ; and when I took a last peep at hor I almost felt as if Bhe knew that I was taking her baby away from her. We handed the infant into the boat, and shoved off for the barqne that lay hove to waiting for us about half a mile to leeward. ' What have you there, Mr. Roband?' sings out Copt. Blaokett, lean ing over the rail. ' A baby, sir,' I answers; and I pulled my coat a bit open to let him Bee the little faoe inside. ' Well, well,' cries he, tossing his hands. 1 Look sharp and get aboard.' All hands were looking over the side when I handed the baby up, and thero wont a deal of hoarse whispering among tho men as they pressed forward to see the waif. I carried him to the captain — the worthiest man, sjr, with the tenderest heart that ever sailed a ship ; he pulled off his cap as if awed by the misery and suffering that was typified by the bairn, and hiB eyes filled with tears as he gazed' down upon it. 'And the mother lie3 dead yon der, Mr. Roband ? ' says ho, pointing to tho wreok. ' Ay, air,' says I. 'God receive her 1' says he. ' D'ye nnderatand the management of babies, Mr. Roband 1 ' ' Why, I have two of my own,' I-answered ; ' but I was so muoh away at sea when they were littlo ones that I can't soy I. ever had a chance of watobing what my wife did to 'em to keep 'em healthy. But what we have to do with the baby,' says I, ' is to feed him and get him warm at oneo.' ' Then take him below— take him below, Mr. Roband,' ories tho captain in a tremulous voice. ' Give him your attention, sir, and never mind about your duta until you've got this poor little oreature into shipshape condition.' Well, I carried him to my cabin, and sung out to the steward to help me un dress him, for the thought of handling this frail and delioate objeot alone unnerved me. I'd any day rather havo the job of taking in the masts of a two- thousand-ton ship than the handling of a baby for ten minutes. Both the steward's and my -fingers were square edged, and we had to be vory careful in haul ing out the safety pins and clearing the littlo ohap of the things he was dressed in. Ho oried so that I was in agony, making sure' we were hurting him; but tho steward said; 'No, I know the nature of infants; it would be unnatural if thoy didn't cry ; it's a fashion their lungs have of growing'.' ' Aro you sure ? ' says I.: ' Cocksure,' says he; 'haven't I Beven of my own, Mr. Roband ?' Then the baby waa wrapped up in one of my flannel Blurts, that being softer than any blanket wn had aboard, the steward went and warmed some Swiss milk at the galley fire ; and while I was sitting waiting for the steward, with the baby lying on my knees, the oaptain comes in. ' God help this poor little one 1 ' soys he ; ' what age would you take him to be, Mr. Roband? ' 'Not a year old,' BayB I. ' Not a feat old I ' he cried ; 'how wonderful are the waya of Providence that a tiny bubble of humanity like this should be left unharmed : by a storm that, maybe, has drowned all the rough' and sturdy fellowa who filled that vessel. It's like seeing an iron ship beaten to pieces by Beas amid whose hollows you observe tha little stormy petrel securely fly ing.' The steward arrived with the warm mUk and a 'spoon, and we turned to feed the baby. I tried my hand, but it was no good ; I couldn't get tho milk down his throat; it capsized down his neck, and his being ravenous ond crying made the job more difficult. ' Here, givo me hold, sir,' Baid the steward; so I put the baby on his knee. Well, he knew more about it than I, and got a fair caulker of milk into the little 'un, and after a bit tho little ohap fell aaleep, where upon he was laid down in my bunk, and thero he was, quiet enough. ' Sir, we had some hopes of his thriving after this. He was a sort of a trial in his way, for he wanted washing and dressing and feeding and looking alter, and it came hard ?upon us who hadn't the fingers nor the understanding for suoh work. Ho was a beautiful boy. I never saw finer eyes in an infant; blue as the heavens under which we wero sailing, and lovely a little figure, sir. Sometimes when it would come to my turn to undress him I'd let him lio naked on a flannel shirt stretohed across my knees, and tickle him and make him laugh, until the dropping of a tear, like a parched pea, down my cheek, would make mo feel that I was acting the fool, and allowing thoughts of my home and this bairn's loneliness to trouble me too muoh. He had but the clothes we found him in ; so the Captain and I gave eaoh of us a soft oaliao shirt to one of the men forward, a neat hand with the needle, a ohap named Claw, to make into a couple of suits of linen for the baby; and this and a knitted waist coat and a swathing of flannel round his little starn and legs kept him tidy and warm and comfortable. 'Wo all got mighty fond of him. We'd bring him on deok and lay him in the fold of a Bail or on the ensign when the weather was fino and warm, and then you'd Bee him kioking up his legs in the sunshine, toasting his tiny toes in it, and looking at his fingers and talking to himself. He made the bark more human than over I thought a vessel could be rendered. He begot a strong home feeling in us all, and you'd see tho moving fanoies he'd put into the men as thoy'd oreep aft — qnd I never-pretended to notice thorn— to have a look at the little 'un. Many a stream of tobacco juice I've seen them squirt overboard from tho quarterdeck after watoh ing the baby, as if their hearts wore too full to suffer 'em to wait until they got forward to expeotorate. But one day, Bir, there oamo an end to this. It must have been the cut ting of a tooth, I think. He had.a fit, but pulled through it, and we - thought him all right, and I left him Bleeping and looking comfortable enough in my blink whilo I went on deok. We were then in latitude 28 degrees south, in . the tail of the trade wind. I had been on deok two hours, when the steward came up through the companion, and, ap proaching me slowly and speaking very solemnly, he soys : ' Mr. Roband,' ho soys, ' little Jimmy,' that was the name ho went by. 'Little Jimmy,' he soya,' has gono to jino his mother.' I started and aaid ; ' What's that you say?' -He anBwered: 'Our little un'a dead, sir.' I ran below and found the oaptain in my oabin looking at the baby that lay a oorpse in my bunk. I had grown wonderfully fond of the bairn, sir, and tho sight broke mo down, and one or two heaving sobs camo from me, no mote to be helped by me than the tightness in my throat. ' Oh, sir, it was as if a beautiful little Indian bird that 'you had aheriahed and looked after had died of the Gape cold in spite , of your love. Only this was an immortal being, a fellow oreature, a little baby that we had plucked from the very I brink of an ocean grave into whichhis mother's dead embraoe was dragging him ; and we had learned to love him.' 'He is gone!' said Captain Blaokett ; ' 'tis God'a will, |Mr. Ro . band. We - did our duty by him — we oould not have done more.' « We may tako it, sir, that hia mother wanted him,! says tho steward. ' Ay, steward, and her entreaty has been answered,' Bays the oaptain, with aglanco aloft. ' I oould not take any.hand in equipping the little mite for his funeral. I. was too muoh upset, sir. The sailmaker made' a tiny hammock far him, and they put hir hands together, and smoothed tho little wreaths - of yellow hair upon his head, and dressed him in clean things, and, before ho was stitched up, all hands lay aft to say good-bye, and ne'er a man among them that entered tho cabin but Btopped to give tho little oold faoo a kisB before leaving. Wo kept him till next Jay, and buried him after eight bells hud been .-. made. It was a green, windy, glistening morning ; the emerald seas ran at us, melting in froth as they came, and the shadows of the mon gathered around the gangway swayed at _ our feet aa tho bark rolled over the surges Und the dancing sun darted beams like spears of liglih from the olouds . through whioh he swung. Oh, sir 1 the contrast of that little . hammock upon the grating with the huge gravo that wa3 to receive it I The service waa almost more than some of ua could bear ; I'd see the mon turn their heads away and look down, and whon at last it came to the passage that's a signal at sea for the tilting of tho body into tho water, we all lot our breath out in a sob as the tiny hammock sped liko a snowflake over the side and vanished in the slant of a sea whoso breaking summit flashed a rainbow ovor tho spot.' — London Telegraph. ~ 