A CHRISTMAS STORY. IN LUCK AT LAST. BY WALTER BESANT. CHAPTER I.— WlTHIN THREE WEEKS. If ono were allowed beforehand to choosofor oneself the most pleasant method of earthly happiness, there would bo, I have always thought, a run upon that way of getting to liio delectable mount, una which is known (it the craft or mystery of secondhand booksell ing. If, further, ono wero allowed to seloct and arrange tho details — that is to say tho "pitch" ami tho nature of tho shop— so to speak, it would seem desirable that the kind of bookselling should ho neither too lofty nor too mean : namely, that one's' ambition would not aspire to a great collector's establishment such at one or two we might name in Ficca dilly, the Hayruarkct or New Bond-street ; these should bo loft to those who greatly dare and are prepared to play a gamo of speculation and of waiting : nor on tho other hand would One choose an open cart in tho Whitochap-.il road, or a shop consisting chielly of boxes out ride tho door filled with odd volume-; of twa- penco each. As to '' pitch " or situation it should ho somewhat retired, hut but not too much : ono would not willingly ba thrown away in Hoxton nor would ono languish in the o' ticurity of Kentish town : a secondhand bookseller must not bo so far removed from the haunts of men as to plaoo him beyond tho reach of tho collector, whether he travel by rait or omnibus or lordly hansom : nor must he he in a busy thoroughfare — the noise of raany vehicles, tho l urry of quick footsteps, tho swift current of humanity, aro out of 1 ur- mony with tho atmosphere of a secondhand bookshop. Somo suggestion of external re- poso "eems neccssar' ; there mass bo Btilliicss in th- air : yet the t.iicg itself belongs to tho city, and there should bo somo murmur and' perceptible hum of mankind alwi.y present in the err. Thus are half a dozen bookshops in King William street, Strand, which se-.rn to enjoy every possible ndvautaga of position : for they ftro iu tho vory heart of Loudon, yet not ox- pesed to tho full nclso and tumult of that full tide which surges round Charing Cros., : itii a, quiet street ia which one may sit boforo a row ef books end feel as if one wero in a library : yet not two steps and you aro in tho crowd. Again thero aro streets north of Holborn and Oxford-street moat pleasantly situated for tho locondhand bookseller, and there aro streets where he ought not '.o be, and where ho has no businees, and whero his presonco jai i. Could, for instance, a secondhand bookseller enduro , to live in Chaapaid » ? Tcrhaps, howevor, tho most delightful npjt la I-Cedon for a secondhand ho . shop is ; that occupied by Emblem's in the King's- load, Chelsea. It stari-L at tho lowor eilgo of tho road, "here one can ti '.roughly feel tho influence. " tho old suburb ; at this end there ore rows 0f boust-s with old fashioned Ealeonies; right and li -' t there aro streets Which iu tho summer and oarly autumn am Erecn, yollow, red and golden with their masses hlcrcep' cs; squares which look as if all tho n.mT sIonRcl1 to tho vear eighteen hundred, neither a day boforo n'ur a day after, lying peu to tho road with their gardens full of ttccj; thero ia a cemetery, so that the residents . ?i',a kept in continual admonition at tho otter end, whico iu by mauy thought to ho v.- n t r 'e' c,1yn« walk and tho old church I ' "® rd brick tower and tho new em- oairmout aro all so close that thoy seem part wuparcol of tho KingVroad. Tb< hospital \- ra within nvo minutes' wall;, and somothr.ca \- tho honest veteran may bo seen in tho road , 'ho air is full of associations and memories : ono smells tho new mado Chelsea bread fresh from the ovon a hundred years ago : one sits with dainty damsels all hoops ' ana furbelows eating custards at tho . one wanders in the Eotanio Gardens or dances ;ui tho Rotunda of Ranolagh ; tbo great houses rice again shadowy ah ivo tho modern terraces : Eon Salloro's cofleo house is not yc gone. andHir Thomas Hora meditates again on.Cheyne Walk. At dead of nigut tho 1 ghosts of ancient minnet tunes may bo hoard from tho site of llanelsgh Gardens by tho barracks : and where the modern stree' s now stand you. may fancy that if you saw tho ladies with their lioop petticoats and tho gentlemen with- their -wigs and tlieir three 'Cornered hats and swords; you: would not he in theleastastonislied; Emblem's shop is one of two 'or thrco which stand together, but it differs from its neighbors m many important particulars. ; For it has no plate glass as tho otherfl havo ; nor doet it stand 'like them with open doors, nor dots ill 'fl owwy fp>s at night ; nor is it bright witll gilding and fresh paint ; nor docs it seek t-i attract notioo by posters and bills. On tin contrary it retains' the old, small and unprc. tending. panes, and despises . the gauds 1 plato; in tho ovecing it is dimly lighted and it closos early ; and its door is always shut, and although the name over tho shop is dingy, one feels thai a coat of rain', whilo it would certainty freshen np the place, would' take something from its character, 'Emblem's is nothing it it is not dingy. With in, the shop, books lino the walla and cumber the floor ; there stands in tho outer, shop a i small table or corn ier, at which an assistant is always at work catalog iin.r when be is not v tying up parcels ; sometime: even with gum l and pasta repairing tlio slight ir ravages of time, j tbs fazed bindings and cloze cut margins no man can repair ; iu tho inner shop or sanctum thoro are chairs and a table, a siiiullaafe and a great glass ease, wherein are secured the inoro tostly books in stock. Emblem's, as must he confessed, is no longer quite what it was in former days, but though twenty, thirty or forty years ago that glass case was filled \yith costly ; treasures, i n these days if a lhah wanted a book of county history or of genealogy, or of heraldry, he knew v where.- was his- best ohaneo of finding it; ' Emblem aL lilLHcst, like every secondhand 'bookseller, who' .respects Ihimself, had his speciality 1" Other hooks treating on more frivolous subjeota,- such as science, belles, lettrea, avtor politics, he would consider, buy ' smd'solliigairt-, but ho'took-Httlo -pride in them; he hnsmore than' bni'o been even deceived In them; and has been known to stiller a precious early edition to go ont of his haudi for a tontll of its value. But collectors of county histories and family genealogies know tliat at Emblem's, whero they would be most likely to get what they wanted, they wonld havo to pay "Its market price for it,'io that though, as every- body knows, " they- tried'elsewhore, journeying from shop' to shop in search of the treasure, they were fain to inqnire 'at.Emblom'a in ,tbo end. There is no palionce like tho pationhe of a book cOllbotbr; - thero is no such industry given' its'- any work compnrabla with tha industry which be bestows upon his catalogue; there is no anxiety like that which raids ' his mind before tho day of auction on which ho is still trying to pull up a bargain ; there hrd no eyes so sharp as those which pry into the cou- tents-of a box full of books, all at'sixpsnce apleee. The bookseller himself, feels the noble enthusiasm of tho colloetor; like him he moves heaven and earth to get a bargain, and liko liim, he rejoices as much ovor a book which has been picked up cheap as ovor a lost sheep which has returned into the fold. But Emblem is old and Emblem's shop is no longer what it was to the collector of the last generation. It was anafternoon in lata September and in this very year of graco 1884", The day was as Biinny and warm as any of the davB of Us predecessor Augustus tho Gorgeous, bnt - et thero was an autumnal feel ing even in the" air which mado itself felt even ill streets where there were no red and yollow Virginia creeper, no square gardoas with long trails of mlgnonotto and banks of flowering nasturtium". In fact y iu cannot cscapo the autumnal feeling anywhere about tho middle of Soptombo". It makes old pi oplo feel tha ; tho grasRhoppor is a burden, but tho jfoung it fills with a vinous and intoxicated rejoicing as if tho vino of feasting, fruits, harvests and young wine stores and fruits, was upon the world. It mado Mr. .Tames, the assistant— his surname has never been ascertained, but man and boy, ho has boon in Hmblom's lor twenty years and more—!, .we his table where he was preparing the fortheomiv catalogue and go to tho open door whore he ..asted a good minute and a half in gazing up at the clear sky and down the sunny strcot. Then- ho stretched his arm and returned to his work, impelled by the sense of duty rather than by thoBCimrgc of necessity, becauso tl.ero was no hurry abi.ut tho catalogue and most of tho books in it w ire rubbish, and at that season of tlio year no customers could hn oxpootsd, anil thero wore no parcels to tie .p and send out. He wmit back to his work, therefore, but bo left tho door open. In order to enjoy tho sight of the warm sunshine. Now for Emblem's to have its door open was much as it Mr. Emblem himself should so far forget his soli rospeci no to sit in his shirt oleeves. Tho shop was rather dark with tho door shut, tho window bein ' full of books, but nov through the o ion door'thcrs poured a littlo stream of sunsh.ne reflected from somo far off window. It fell neon r row of old eightoonth century volumes bouudindark and rusty leather, and did so light up and glorify tho dingy bindings and failed gold that they seemed fresh from the binder's hmufc and just ready for tho noble nurcb.ver whose book plato tboy bore, and on whose shelves they were to stand for a hundred hud City years. Somo of this Btream fell upon the head of tho assistant— it was a redhead! with fiery eyes and sharp thin features to match— and gavo him the look ->f ono who is dragged unwillingly info the sunlight ; one who would rather ho lying in w. at somowhero in the dark. How- over, he took no more notice of tlio eunshino , nnd went on with his c.atalu ;uing almost as if he liked it. Pe. oaps ho was ono of those who : accept dull and monotonous work as just a part, though a., uuaccountabio part, of tho great scheme, and would not he a bit mora mihuppy if ho were mado ;o take tlio place of Sisyphus, or transformed into ono of tlm dam. sels who arc condemned to toil continually pouring_ water into a sieve. Certainly the apathetic and unresisting acceptance of tho most monotonous' and least interesting work in tho world, and tho uncomplaining way in i which it is.dono by those who have got to do it, ore proofs that mankind possessc > the virtuo of resignation almost as strongly developed as tho camel and the donkey. Perhaps Sisyphus does not so much mind the con tinual going up and down hill. " Aftor all," ha would say, " this is better than the lot of poor Ixion. At olL events, I havo my limbs free." Ixion, on the other hand, no donbt, is full of pity for his poor friend Sisyphus. " I at least," ho says, " havo uc work to Jo. And tho rapid motion of the wheel is sometimes pleasant." Behind tho shop, where liad been originally .bc " back parlor," in tho days when a honso in Chelsea had its front and back par lors — tha latter for sitting and living in, tho formor for tho rccoption of company— sat thiB afternoon the proprietor, the man whose namo had stood above tho shop for fifty years, tho original and' only Emblem. He was — nay, he fS; foryou may find himand make his acquaintanco over a county history any day in tho King's Road — he is an old man now, advanced into tho aeventios, who was a hoy when tlio battl i of Waterloo was fought, and cau remember Chelsea long before the Coraican Attila w.u lot loiso upon tho world. His faco weare tho peaceful and wise, expression which belongs to his profession. Other callings uako a man look peaceful, hut not all other callings, mako a man look wise. Mr. Emblem was born by nature of a calm temperament, otherwise ho would not hare been happy in his business ; a smile lies generally upon his lips, and his eyes arc soft and benign ; his hair is whitonowj and his faco, once ruddy, is pale, yet not shrunk and seamed with furrows, as happens to so many old men, but round and firm ; like his chin and lips it is clean shaven. Ho wears a black cont, ex traordinarily shiny in the sleeve, and a hlaolc silk stock juas as ho used- to wear. in. the Thirties whon he was young and a dandy.; it is fastened behind with a silver buckle. . He is, in fact, a delightful old gentleman to look at and pleasant to converse witll, and on Ills brow every on»- who pleases , may see visibly stamped tho rial of a harmless and honest life. "At. tho contemplation of such a marij oue'.s opinion of humanity is sensibly raised, ant oven house agents, plumbers and suburban builders feel that after all virtuo brings somo reward. ; Tho quiet of the afternoon, unbroken to his accustomed ear, as it would be to a stranger, by the murmurous roll of Londou,. made him aldopy, In his hand he held a letter whichr, he .had. been reading for the hundredth time ; and of which ha knew by heart every word : and as his. eyes closed he went back in imagination- 'to a passage in the pa3t which it recalled. : He stood,! in imagination, upon the deck of a-sadlng-ship— an emigrant ship. Tho year , .was, eighteen; hundred and sixty four, a . year when very few wero tempted ton country. tern by ctvit war, "With him wore hie daughter and ' his son-in- law, and they were como to bid tho .latter lurewell, " My dear ! my doar " cried the wife, in her husband's arms, " come what may, I will join you in a year : only a year shall part us : and perhaps you. may come home again." Ho shook his head sadly- " Tlioy do not want mo here," he said. "The work goes into Btronger and rougher hands. Ferln.ja over there wo may get on better, ni.d besides it seems an . opening." If tho work which he wanted was given to stronger and'roughor hands than his in- England far more would it ho the case in young and rough America, It was journalistic work ho wanted ; and he was a gentleman, a scholar, and a creature of retired and refined tastes and manners. Thero aro somo still living who remember the ordinary Fleet- street " newspaper ir.aa" of twonty years ago ; per- hapBOneor two who renu mber Claude Agllen- but ho was so short a time with thoia that it in not likely ; tlioso who do remember him will uudorataud that the way to success was rough and thorny for oil, but for such as Aglioa it was impjssiblc. "But yon will think of littlo Iris," said hia wife. " Oh ! my dear, if I were only going with you. And but for mo you would be at homo with your father, well and happy." Then in his dream, which was also a memory, tho old man saw how the young hus band kissed and comforted his wife. , " My doar," ho said, " if it were not for you, what happiness could I havo in the world? Courage, my wife, courage and hope. I shall think of you and of Iris all day and all night until we moot again." And eq they parted and the ship sailed away. : The old man opened his eyes and looked about liim. It was a dronin. " It was twenty years ago," lie said, " and' Iris was a baby in arm's. Twenty years ago!: . And ho never saw his wife again. Never again. Becauso she died," ho added aftsr a pause; ' ny Alice died. Poor Alice! Away from hot husband, and lies buriod iu Brouvcon- ocmotcry." Ho shod no tears, being no old that tlio time of tears was well nigh past— at seventy-five tho eyes aro drier than at forty and ono iu no longor surprised or disappointed, and seldom even angry, whaeevcr happens. But he oponoil t,hc letter in his hand and read it again me- chanically. It was written on. thin- foreign paper, and tho creases of the folds had become gaping rents when the letter was opened. It was dat' d September, eighteen hundred and sixty-six. just eighteen years hack. " Whin you read these lines," tho letter said, " 1 shall be in tho silont land, whither Alice, my wife, has gone before. It would be a strange thing to think upon; had' J time left for thinking. But I havo not. I may.lasta week, or I may die in a few hours, Therefore ' to thd point;-' "'In. one small thing wo deceived- yon, Alice and I—my nama is.not Aglion at all. TF-c took that name for reasons which we did not- tell yod. We th'onght.that as we wero nnite' poop and likely to remain poor.it would.no well! to ; keep one secret to ourselves. Forgive' us botH this suppression of tho truth. Wo wore mada poor by my owrf act, anil, because 1. married the only- woman I loved.- I:was engaged to a girl whom I. did, not love.. We hail ; been .brought up like, brother and' sister together; but I did not love liqr, though I was engaged to her. In breaking the'engagemenbl angered my father.. In marrying Alice I angered him stUl more; When I left . England;aud came here, it was: after he had told mo lo would never forgive mo. . ,- "I now know that ho has.fogiven mo; he for gave me on his death bud ; he revoked, his former will and made me solo heir, snbjeot to an important condition, that the gjri to whom ,Iwas first engaged ahould receive tho wholq income of tho estate until I,, or. my .heirs; should, claim the inheritance, ' It is strange. I die in a wooden sbanty, in a little western town, the editor of a miserable little country paper; I am attended by-n couple of m; compositors, who are my only nurses and have promised to send- this on to you. I have not money, enough to bury me ; and yet if I. were at home I, might be called n rich manias men- go. My little Iris irooid.be an heiress. At this very moment when- 1 learn that I am my father's heir. I am struck down , by fever, .and now ! know that I shall never ; get up again, This may he tho last interval ! allowed me free from delirium before I breathe, my last. It is strange. Yet my father- sent , me his forgiveness, and my wife is dead— and the wealth that- has come is useless- )». me. Wherefore, hold' my last wishes sacred,' I desire that Itia shall be cducated.oa well and thoroughly as you can afford— keep her free from rough , and- rude companions, , make> her understand that, her father waa a. gentleman of ancient family ; ..this may. give, her more self respect. If any. mlslurtnna Bhould- fall upon yon, such as-losing health or. wealth,- give the papers encloscdto.a trustworthy, solicitor ; lot him nctaa.iBi beat -in .the interests, ,of. Iris, If, osil hops, -all goes well with- you, do. not' open the papers nntil.her twenty- first birth; day, ;' do not let her 'know until then 'that she -is. . going to be rich : then open tho papers. and bid her claim IieroynV, j4\r&- .-.To CIara-;tBe woman 'T wrahgeilLuI JtnOw' not- whether she.- bas married- or not — bid ftit carry my 1ml regrets. , I do not regret; and> I ;have never regretted,. that-I . married, that in breakingmy, engagement with her, which never ought . to ; havo :been- contracted;; I gave- her pain! ;'I have been pnniahedi for- this; breach at. faith. You will find, among the papers an account of . all. the circumstances connected with this engagement, and the reason of. Its: termination by ,-ma before :I fell hr-lovo .wilH' I Alice. . This is for OIara,. . .; Thera is my : portrait taken when I was a lad of sixteen and'of GIara who : was .taken with me— give i her thatas welll Yhere iu- the, certificate Of my marriage, my register of baptism, that of Iris's baptism, ray signet ring — "bis arms"— the old man interrupted his reading; " his arms were quarterly. First and: fourth two rases and a boar's head erect ; second and third gnles and fouc between — between— but X cannot, re- msmbor. what it was between — " my father's last letter to me ; Clara's lost letter : Alice's letters and one or two from yourself. If. Iris Bhonld unhappily die before, her twenty-first birthday, open the papers, find ont from them Clara's name and address, seek her out and give them to her, telling her that she will never now he disturbed' by any claimants to tho estate. Tho letter ended hero abrnptly as if tha writer had designed to add more but was pre vented by death. For thorn was a postscript in another hand " Mr. Aglen died 25th Novem ber, ISfifi, and is burled in the coinotery of Johnson City 1 1 1." Tho old man folded tho letter carefully and laid it on the table. Tlieu ha aroso and walked across the room to a safe which stood in .tho corner farthest from tho fire place, This ho opened. It contained nocount books, bank books anil bundles of papers. Among thom was a packet sealed and tied up in rod tape endoitod " For Iris. To be given to her on her twenty-first birthday. From her father," " It will be her twenty-first birthday" ho said, " in thrco weoks. Then I must give her tha pa. ket. So — so — with tlio portrait of her father aud tho marriage certificate" he fell into a fit of musing with the papers in his hand. "She will bo safe, whatever" happens to me, and as for nie, if I loso her — of courao I shall lose lrer — a young lady who has como into a fortune — I wonder what it will be — cannot live over a secondhand bookshop — yet she has lived there all her life— why, what will it matter ? Havo I not lost all except Iris ? One must not l;e selfish, Oh ! Iris what a ourpri.se — what a surpriso I havo in store for you !" Ho placed the letter lie had bcea reading w'thin the tape whiclr fastened tho bundle, so . . ,rt it Bhould form a part of the communication he mado on Iris's birthday. " There," ho said, " now I shall read the letter no more and I will not even look at the packot until I take it out to read it aloud iu tliroe weeks. I shall know who my son-in-law really was and what i.i the fortuno ho has left his daughter. In tliroe weoks, iu threo .short weeks. Oh ! Iris, if you only know !' Ho put back tbo letters and tbo packet, locked tho safe and resumed his soat, %io: reel eyed assistant still summing and posting vrltti1 punotilious regard to duty bad been faltowhfjg his master's movements with ctiriosity4| " Counting his investments again as usual," no murmured. 11 All ! adding 'em up— always at it— Oh ! what a trade it must havo boon oriqdjj Aud might ho made again if I had it in my own. hands, Whnt a trade !" ! .' Just then there appeared in tho door ft gentleman. Ho was quite shabby and even' ragged in his dross, but ho was clearly a gen tlo-. man. He was no longer young, his shoulders i wero bent and. lie had the unmistakable stamp and carriage of a student. - : ('. Guv'ner'" at homo," said tho assistant brielly, pointing, in the direction, of the basic shop.- . ...... '. .Tho; visitor. walked into the sanctum; Ho had under bis arm .half a dozen Volumes! which, without a- word, ho laid before .MS1 Emblem and untied the string, ; ".Yon ought -to . know this hook;" he said: without farther introduction. . i / I "i do know, tbo, book.!' Mr. Embliefif lookodldonhtfully at the visitor. " Yon sold itto mo'twenty-fivo years .agoj" > he went on, "for £5." h, ' "I did. And I. remember now; You are Mr.. Frank. Farrar.. Why,, it is . twenty- fiy I years ago, and for twonty.-five years I have hot , seen- your, fa'ce." - N; i " I have bought none for twenty yeare," he , replied, gloomilya : , .;i "Sod, Bad— dear me 1 Tut, tut, bought nd hooks — and you, Mr.. -Farrar, onco my besjj customer. And now yon do not mean to say that you are going to sell this book ?' | " I am selling;, ohe by ono, all my bookaT' replied tha other, with a sigh, " I am going down hill, Emblem, fast, I am sixty-fivo and tho younger men get the work." \- !' Oh dear, dear, dear," R eplied the book seller. " This is very sad. It ia an additional pang — perhaps tlio worst pang of death — thnfi :colleotiona will be dispersed. .Whore is Charles Lnmb'a library ? Where is Southey's ? "WhOrq :aro Coleridge's beaks ?., All gone. And now .yours;, Mr,. Farrar." ' "Needs must," Mr. Farrar said, with; a sickly smile, "needs must when the dovil ilriye8,-j-I--havo. parted with half my bookii already..' But I thought you might like td havo "tills set because tbey .were once yew .own" .- ; f. i ".So.I, should.'!, Mr, Emblem laid a loving hand upon'the' volumes. "Sol should, Mr, Farrar, but not from you, sir, not from yon, sir. Why, yon wero almost my best cuetomer-rl think almost- my yery beat- thirty years ago,' . when my. trade is hotter than it is now. Yes, you gavo me £5. 10s. for this work. It . -id worih £12 if it is worth a penny." i 1 ( y" Will.you-give me;£10 for it now?" cried the other, eagerly.' "I want the money ..badly." ' \- " No, I can'fi f But I will send you to a mOn , who can andiwiij.;! My trade is not whatsit was, Mr. Farrar.':; I do not speculate now-and , hoye no :money to lay out in purchases. I ant- old. and I cannot go about and seek and posh' as I. did, I will not buy-your book, but I.'wilT ' send yon to a man who 'will give you £10 Ion it, I am sure,, and; eell.it for £13," He wrote tho addres3.pn.aslipjbf, paper. "Why, Mri| Farrar, if an old friend, so to speak, can pnfr p the question, why. in the world? — " > "Tbe moat. natural thing," replied Mr,' Farrar, -with :avcqld laugh, "I am old; and the young men get all the work,. Thai1 is/all." : ... , .-' " Dear me,, dear me. : Whyj Air.. Farrar; I: remember new yon used to' know my son it£ law. I' was just reading a letter. he> wrote; . mo eighteen years ago, before he died. Yod usod to come hero and sit with him in the evening, - So yon did. I wish Mr. Farrar, for. his sake and to please his daughter, that'; I .'could buy.baok' all those beautiful books of yod at their full value, or that I could do yon aaf other service." " Thank you for your good will," said MrJ Farrar. " Yes, I remember your son in law, Iknow him boforo his marriage." " Did you ? Before bis marriage ? Then — H ho was going to odd — " Then you can tell m$ his real name," but ho paused, beoonso' it ia af pity to acknowledge ignorance, and if yotE hnvo waited for two and twenty yearis yon cad easily wait three weoks longer. So ho oheekodB himself. " Ho ought to havo been a rljjB man," Mr. Farrar continued, " but fio quar-,' relied with his father, who cut him off witbT" shilling, I supposo ; ah, and ho was going M conquer the world with his pen, but bo didd'ri' pool lad, ho didn't." ; " No," said Mr. Emblem, " the world con quered him." Then tho poor scholar, who could find no market for his learned papers, tied up bia books again and went away with hanging head, bflq cauao if it Is a dreadful thing to sell your books it is much more dreadful to offer them humbly to a afraneer. " Ugh I" tbo assistant who had boon listen! lug groaned, as Mr. Farrar passod through thfj! door. " Ugh ! call that a way of doing buiiqj ncss ? Why, if it Jmd boon mo, I'd baya bought that book off of that old chap for 'ft' couple of pounds, I would. Ay, or a bov., sa seedy ho is and want3 money so bad ; anil I know who'd have given twelve for it — in tlja trade too. Call that carrying on business f He may well add up his investments every day if lio can afford to chuck such chances, Alt,' but he'll retire soon !" His faco glowod wita tho joy of anticipation. " He must retire bo fore long." Thoro came another visitor. This time 14 was a lanlcy hoy with a bluo bag ovoc his shoulder and a note book and a pencil stumQi in his hand. lie nodded to the assistant as to an old friend with whom ono may ho at cnsiW set down bis bag, opened his note book and nibbled his stump. Then ho read aloud, wits( a comma or serai-colon between eaoh, dbzon or twonty titles. They wero tho little books which his omployer wished to pick upf Thercdoyed assistant listened, and Bhook MS fccud. Then the hoy, without another word, i 1 ' ijiciuidorod his bag and departed. " He wa3 followed at a decent interval by a , another caller. This timo it was an old 1 v fcontleman who put in hia head and looked Ebout with a quiolc and auspicious glance. At " 1 felght of tho assistant ho nodded and smiled in the moat friendly way possible and came in. J ""Good morning, Mr. JamcB. Good morn ing my friend. Splendid weather. I havo Lever known n hotter September. Pray don't . fcfiturb 'yourself. I am just having a look . ! retmd — only a look, mind, vou know. Don't \- ' : fcovd; Mr. James." Ho addressed Mr. James, : r Eat he "was looking at tho shelves and reading hi ilie titles as he spoke, and with tho habit of a Look hunter taking down tho volumes, look- Jng fit tho titlo pages and replacing them ; f;ie t fender his arm ho carried a single volume in yftloathcr binding. "' jl ' Mr. James nodded his head but did not fBsturb himself j in fact he rose with Gome- fihingliko a scowl upon his faco and followed Iliis polite old gentleman all round tho shop, Is" i-Blncing himself close to his elbow and watch- lilguoVery volume ho took down from tho ay-r.PHtetvo. One might almost suppose that he -edspectcd him, so clo30 and assiduous was his '""-I- Assistance. But tho visitor accopting theso feUcntions as if they wore customary went filowly ronnd tho shelves, taking down book ' niter hook but buying none; 1'pescntly lio i-.,. smiled again and said that ho must be uioV- \- log" on, and very politely thanked Mr. ijfnmcB for his kindness. "Nowhere," was ho ho good as to say, "docs one get so much retention as at Emblems. Good morning. Mr. James, good morning." v ! Mr. Jame3 grunted, and closcd'tho door ' ' ' Wter him. ! " Ugh I" he said, with disgust, " I know V ' you ; I know your likes ; want to make your -ieV oomplets — eh? Want 'to sneak one of Jur books to do it with, don't you ? Ah !" ' life looked back into' tho back shop before ho xJtnfned to his paste and his slip's. That I'Wai Mr. Potts, the great collector, ;-ir, Most LptorioUBbooksnatcherin allLondon. Wanted ' 'Ihe fourth volume of tho Athgiiau Oracle. I' saw his eyo reaching out this -way and that '-'tway' 'and always resting 'on 'that Volume. I "' " Saw him edging along thb shelf. : Gdt another !"' 'P#dd'Vblume just like' it, in his wicked old ' ""'liand; ready to change when I 'wasn't look- " ,;tng." '' "« \ ' "All," said Mr, Emblem, "waking up from '"-"'Jitadream of Iris 'and her father's; letter, "ah ! . they will try it on, Keep 'yoiir eye open' \--James" ";"-/ . " No thanks as usual," grumbled Mr. ' '"- James as he returned to his gum and his scis- ,'Vors. " Might as well have left him to snhtch' J' 'lUb'hppk." ' ; . '' ',:v '';,Hc're, however, James was wronghecatue it the filat duty of an assistant to hinder and obstruct the hook sun teller, who carries on his I work chiefly by a method q£ ; crafty and fradu- ' .N'onf'oxchange rather than by plain theft, which r'ts a brutal "way. First ho marks his prey ; he v' v "finds the Bhop which has a set containing' bis missing volume ; next lie arms himself witli a . , volumo wliich closely resembles the one ho ' covets, and then on pretence of turning over the tehveff he watches his opportunity to effect an '-""fekchangeaad goes away rejoicing, Ms set com plete. No collector, as is very well known, has J any conscience at all. Anybody can cut out 'j.' " v slips and make a catalogue, hut it requires a .'bbsrp assistant, with eyes nil over his head liko a fly, to be always on guard against tho felon- ' " tons collector. ' " ; - Next there came two schoolboys together, WhP" bought a crib ; and then a girl who asked for some cheap French reading book; and then ; '" Jfr. James knew very well that the business ' " -'"of the'day was done; nomoro customers would '-'COmo. 'Jnst as the clock began to strike 'five -" Mr. Emblem lifted his head and looked up, "/''The shop door opened and there stepped in, " ' " "lobbing his shoes on tho mat as if he belonged to the house, all elderly gentleman of somo- v ' - 'what singular appearance. He woro a fez , "cap, but was otherwise dressed as an English- " '-"man; in black frock coat, that is, hnttoncd ! " ;np, except that his feet were encased in black cloth shoes eo that he went noiselessly. His ''"' -'bair was short and white, and he wore a small " ' white-board; his skin was a rather dark brown; _ lio was, iia fact, a Hindoo, and his name was """'tala Boy." 'He nodded gravely to James and walked luto.the back shop. " It goes well" lie asked, with the buying and tho selling? Surely '' Data, surely." ... "".It is a quiet way of buying and selling, fit ".-for one who meditates," said the Hindoo look- ing round the quiet shop. "Tell me, my ' "friend, what ails tho child ?. Isshe'slck ... , The child is well, Lala. She is q'uito .'"I'WBll." " Her mind wandered this morning. She . .failed to perceive a simple matter method "- ' - which! tried to teach her; I fcated she might -'""'belli."'—- ' - - "She ib not ill, my friend, but" deep is troubled." Pp 0 woman. We are' 'men. There is " ' , nothing In the world that is able to trouble the Sliiloaopher," v r. Emblem, manfully, as . ,, . . , . . be too was a disciple.. "Nothiner, is there 1 Vuowr; 1 Tim stoutness qf tho assertion was sensibly- , kj'.ttm question, ' ""-Not poverty, which is a shadow, nor pain, , whioh passes, nor tho loss of woman's love, „ "which is a gain, nor fall from greatness — no- ... ."j thing— nevertheless—' "his kindly eyes didlook "'anxious in spite of his philosophy." .... "This trouble of tlie child — will it soon bo "lover f "I hope this evening," said Mr. Emblem. ... the child had a mother or brother, or , ,' any protectors but ourselves, my friend, wo \- might leavo her to them. But as she lias no- ". body except you and me, wo must think of her And moke her happy in her own way, not in . :;oura." ; loft Mr, Emblem, and passing through tho door of commnnication between house and hop, went noiselessly up the stairs. ; '. One more visitor— unusual for so many to . .CftU on a September afternoon. This timo it . Was a youngish man of thirty or so, who ' stepped into the shop with an air of business, .. ,,.topk no_ notice of the assistant, hut walked ' —1 the back shop and shut the door . behind them. . -;'I thought so,;' murmurod James, "after ;/ms.been counting up hia investments, his ' 1wIcr.ca"- More investments. Now they're .. p®cnssm' where to put the money, Chahic-r's ; . O doep 'un, he is." ; ,. Mr, David Chalker was, in fact, a solicitor, is according to his friends, who were proud I Urn, a sharp practitioner, He was One of those usohU members of the profession who, "startin; With no connection, have to malro business for themsolvcs. This, in Loudon, thoy do by encouraging the county court, Cultivating acquaintance, Getting neighbors by the ears, loading money, foment ing quarrels, charging commissions, and generally making themselves a blessing and a boon to tho district whet-o there they reside. But chiefly Mr. David Chalker occupied hipi- sclf with lending money and recoiving tho " unearned increment" "Now, "Mr. Ernhlom," " he said, not in a menacing tone, but as one who warns, "now, Mr. Emblem." "Now Mr. Chalker," Ihe bookseller repeated mildly. "What are you going' to do for mo?" " I got your notice1,'' the old bookseller began, hesitating — " six months ago." "Of course yott' did. - Three fifty is the amount. Three fifty exactly." "Jnst so. But I am afraid I am not pro- pared to pay off the bill 6.1 sale. The interest, as usual, will bo ready." ; "Of course it will. But this time tho prin cipal must bo ready too." "Oan't you get another olient to find the monoy?" " No I can't. Money is light, and your security Mr. Emblem isn't si good as it was." "Tho furniture is there and eo is the stock." "Furniture wears out; as for tho Btock, wlio knows what that is worth? All your books together may not be worth £50 for all 1 1 kuow." " Thon what am I toi do ?' "Find tho money yourself. .Come, Mr. Emblem, ovorybbdy knows, your grandson himself told me, all the world knows, you've boeu for years saving for your granddaughter. You told Joo' Gallop Only six moaths ago that wkwtovev happened to you she would be well off. And yet you p'retend you can't find this money, and you let it go mounting up." Mr. Emblem did not deny the charge. But ho ought not'to have told Ids grandson, of all people in tho world. "As for Joe, jou are going to do nothing for him." I know thnt. But is it business liko Mr. Emblem; to wnste good monoy you might havo invested for your granddaughter?'"' ' ' " Yon do not understand, Mr. Chalker. You really do not, and I cannot explain. But ahotit this bill of salo; never mind mv grand daughter." "Ydu the aforesaid Itichard Emblem" — Mr. Chalker," was quoting— "have Sssigned'to me, David Chalker aforesaid; his executors, administrators and assigns all and singular the several chnttola and things' specifically described in tho schedule hereto annexed by way of security for the, payment of the snm of £356 and'interest thereon at the rate of 8 per ceiit. per' annum."; ' ' e:; "Thknk : you Mr. Chalker. ' I know' all that." ' ' " ' "You can't com'plalh', I'm sure. ; It' fa five years since yon' borrowed the money." " ' " It was fifty poumfa 'arid a1 box of old law books out of your oflico, and I'sigucd a bill for a hundred." 1 - " You forgot tho circ'umstahce3." ' 'i !lNo, I do not. My grandson was a rogue, I do not forget that circumstance,'" " And I held my tonghe," i! I havo liacl no more' monoy, and the sum ha3 bocomo £-350. . " Of course you don't understand law, Mr. Emblem. But wo lawyers don't .work for nothing. However, it isn't what yon got but what I am to get. Come, Mr. Emblem, it's cutting off your nose to spite your faco. Why not settle and havo' dono with it, even if it does tako a little slice off your grand daughter's fortune'? Now, -look' here," his voice becamo persuasive, "why not ; take her into your confidence? Make a friend of me. Don't : hold me at arm's length, I can get yon good investments, far better than you know anything of, good and safe invest ments, at 6 certain and sometimes 7 and 8 per cent. Make mo-pour man of business, come now." As for this bill of salo— this Irifis of three-fifty, what fa it to you? Nothing- nothing. And 03 for your intention to cnricli your granddaughter1 and cut off your grandson with a shilling, why !I honor you for it, there. And Joe deserves in thoroughly. I've told him so, mind." This was very expansive, bat somehow Mr. Emblem did not respond. . Presently, however,, lip lifted hfa head, ' . " I.have threcwoeks still.". ; ' ; " Three weeks still." . . . - , " And if X do not find; the "money within three weeks "" ""tVhy-hutof'co.ursoyon will— hut ifyon'do «iot, I suppose tliere will be only one thing left to do, realise the security." " Thank yon, "Mr, Chalker, I will look ronnd me and — and "do my best. Good day, Mr. Chalker." " The be3t yon can do, Mr. Emblem," re- tamed the solicitor, "is to take me as your adviser. You will find no better in Chelsea. I know where you place your money— in rail ways, in foreign stock— even in 3 per cents. I'll donble your dividends for you," " Thank you. Good day,' Mr. Chalker." : " Within three weekB,-Mr, Emblem. With in three weeks." On his way out Mr. Chalker stopped for a moment and looked round the shop. " How's business ?" he asked the assistant. " "Dull, sir," replied Mr. James. "He throws it all away. Naturally, being so rich." "So rich, indeed," said the solicitor, " It will be bad for hfa successor," Mr. Jarae3 went on, thinking how much he Bhould him self like to succeed. "T|to goodwill won't bo worth half what it ought to be, and the stock fa all falling to pieces." Mr. Chalker lookedabont him again thought fully, and opened his mouth as if about to ask a questiou but said fiothing. He remembered in time tlint the shopman was not likely to know the amount of his master's capital. "Tliere isn't a book even in the glass case that's worth a five pound note," continued Mr. James, whispering, "and he don't look about for 'em any more," Mr. Ckalkereocmed to remember something, and returned to the back shop ; " within three weeka Mr. Emblem," he repeated and thou de parted. Jame3 wondered what he meant, but he thought lio had done a good stroke of busi ness for hinisell in depreciating his master's wares. Perhaps ho Had. Mr. Emblem uaf in hfa chair. He had to find £350 in three weeks. No one knew bet ter than himself that thin was impossible, Within three weekc, Then ho wonld bo sold up. His heart sank. But in three weeks h would open tho packet of letters aud give Iri her inheritance. At loast sho would not suffer. , Ab for hiinsolf, ho looked- round tlio Htllo back shop and triod to recall the fifty years ,hc; had spent there, tho books ho had bought !nml sold, tho monoy which had slipped through bi'f fingers, tho friends who had come and gouo. Why, ns for the books, lie seemod to remem ber them ovorv one, liis joy in tho purchase, Ids pride in possession, and hia grief at letting them go, lie remi-mberod them almost bolter than he rcmomborcd tho friends all dead and. gone. Was there nothing left of all tho years, except the memory and his grey hair? i All the friends gone before him, his trade Bank . to , nothing. " Yot," ho murmured, "I thought it Would last my lime." : . But tho clock struck six. It was his, ton timo. Ho roso mechanically and went j up stairs to Iris. i .. . CiurTEBll. — Foxand Wolv. Mr. Jamos, left (o himself, endonvorod, dn- accordance with his daily custom, to cpnlmit a dishonorable action. That fa to say I ho first listened carefully to the footstopa of, hia master going up the stairs. When he hoard tho door above opened and shut ho loft: his. table, crept stealthily into tho hack shop and began to try tho drawers and the handlo of tho safe. Everything was carefully locked. That he expected, but yet he grunted. It was hia dally practico thus to try the locks in the safe in the hopo that tomo day tho safe aud the drawers would be left opou by accident, when ho might solvo a certain "problem which sore Jet and hindered him, naiholy, what and where those groat treasured were whioh enabled; his master to ho caroloss over his business.' It was further customary with him to he disap pointed; Haying briefly, also as UBual, ; ex pressed his disgust at this want of confidonco between master and man, he returned to hia paste and scissors. | ' Abont a quarter past six tho door .was cautiously oponod and a head appeared which looked round stealthily. Sooing nobody about except James, tlie head was presently followed1 by its body, and both togethor et-.-pped into tho shop. . j' " Where's tho Admiral, Eoxey 5" naked' the oatler, " . " Guv'bor'a up stairs, Mr. Josoph, taking of li.is tdvwith Miss Iris," replied Janids, not'ht _n.il offended by the allusion to his craftiness. Who should rcaomhlo the fox if not tho Eccoiid hand bookseller ? In .no trade, perhaps, do tho . admirable qualities of that animal show more to advantage. . James felt the gloWfof virtue ; would that he . cpuld'grow daily laud, hauriy and mare and mpro towards thp'por-, feet-fax ; then, indued, ho syoiildhotruly living 'up 'to his. secondhand books.' ' .; ; "Having toa-with Iris ; vyoll" — tho sppjikcr looked as if it requited some effort to ; ijoceive the statement with resignation. . f "IIo always desu at six o'dock. Why Shouldn't he'?" asked James. .' " Because, James, bo spends the timp in cockering up that gal whom ho's ruined and spoiled, ho and the old nigger— bp that ;hor mind is poisoned against her lawful relations, and she's asliamod of the station into which she. Wits born, and nothing will suit, horibut. coming liltp .aU the old . man's money .iuatead of going share and Kharo aliko wliilo thcro's , a biscuit, left hi tho lockor and n drop of rum in the cask.',' ' "Ah ,1" said James,. with a touch of sym pathy, called forth by mention of the rum. " Nothing too good for her," tho othor went on ; " tho best of education, no work to spoil her pretty fingers; pianos to play upon ; and nobody good enough for her to know. Nolon visiting terms with lior neighbors; waiting for tho duchesses and countesses of tho hew embankment to call upon her." . i Mr. Joseph Gallop ,wa3 a young man some where botween twenty and thirty ; tail, largo limbed and well set up aud broad shouldered, A young man who, at first sight would eoem . eminently fitted to push hfa own fortunes. Also, at first sigh', a remarkably liaudsomo fellow, with straight, clear cut features and light curly hair. 1 V/hcn ho swung along 'the stroot, his round hot carelessly thrown back, and his liandsomo faco lit up by tho sun, the old women murmured n blessing upon him (as they , used to do for Absalom) and the young women lookod meaningly at one another' (as was also. dona for Absalom) nnd tho object of their admiration lmewwhat they woro saying to themselves, "There goes a handsome follow." Those who knew him better, and had looked more closely into his faco, said that his mouth '.was bad and his eyes Bhifty, The -same opinion Was held J>y the wiser sort as regards hia character — there woro different opinions concerning David's favorite. For; on tho one -hand, Borno averred that to thoir certain -knowledge Joo Gallop was a monster of ingratitude towards Ilia gmndfathor; and others there, were who thought he had been badly treated; and some eaid that no good would ever come of a young fellow who novCr re mained in the same situation more than a month or so ; and others said that lie had been unfortunate, but would some day find the kind of work that suited him, when he wonld show or what stuff ho was made. And ns for us, we have only to judge of him by his actions, which shall be narrated as thoy concern us, and it must be owned at the out set that the young man hail como to the place this evening with the intention of getting What information lie could out of James the assistant while his grandfather was upstairs taking tea ; that he was ready, if necessary, to lie, mako false promises nnd deceive ; and that lie was highly and wondorfully ncoom- plishod in most of the fine arts which have iio3 for their basis ; and that he looked to them as the chief means of procuring those joys which, as Martial has explainod, make up life, This premised, let who will cast the stone. "1'erhaps, Mr. Joseph," said James, "per haps Miss Iris won't havo it all." " Do you know anything ?" Joe askod quickly. " Has ho made a new will lately ?" "Not that I know of. But BIr. Chalker lias been hero off and on a good bit." " Ha ! Ho's a close one too is Chalker. Look hero, Foxv. If you Gee anything or find anything out toil me. I'll mako it worth your while." Tames looked 03 if he was asking himself how BIr. Josoph would make it svorlli his wliilo seeing that lie bed nothing, and by hfa own i bowing never would have anything. "It's only liis will I'm nnvlous to. know about ! and where ho's put his monoy. Think what a dreadful thing it would be if ho were to go nnd die and n»oo of na kuow where his investments were ! As for tho Bhop, that fa already disposed of, as I daresay you know." "Disposed of If Tho shop disposed ,of I Oh I .Lord |" .The assistant lurnpd pale. "Oh Mr. Joseph," lie Baid, "what has become of the chop ? ; And who in to have it !" "lam to havo it," Bfr. Joseph replied, calmly. This was n lie, nnd lie invented it verv. eiovcrly at tlio right momonl because lie already ounpocteil the truth and knew tlio .secret hopo and ambition which possesses any assistant in this trade— namely, to get thq micro;, -ion, .Tames looked upon hiinHclf no the lawful and riglitlul heir. But Boiuetimcs ho bad grievous doubts. "I ani to have it," Joe Gallop repented. ' , "Oh. I didn't kuow. You are to havo it, tllCU If James had been ten years younger I thihk ho would hnvc burst Into toars. But at tho ago of five and thirty weeping is no longer a .customary form of relief. Ho stammered, however, wliilo ho turned palo and then red and then polo again. " Yes, quite proper,- BIr; Joseph, I'm sure, and a most beautiful buci- no'sB may ho made hero by ono who under- stands tho way, though it's boon much neglected —oh, you aro a lucky man, BIr. Joseph. You arc Indeed, sir, to get such anoblo chance," If you want a man to bolicve readily what you say, find out a subject on which he is in doubt . and givo him certainty. Thus ovory new sect finds followorB, because there arc so many who cannot endure doubt in things of faith. Ano ther method is to say always oxactly what tho othor .man wishes to bo said, which is tho method omployod by Ilussian diplomatists. Joo Gallop knew and had practised both methods. . f The Bhop," he went on, "w.ib settled — settled upon me— long ago." Tho verb " to scttlo'.' is capable of convoying largo and vngiio impressions, " But, after all, what's the good of this place to a sailor ?" V The good, the good of this place. Why to make money, to bo euro — to win money ini If I had this place, why, in two years I would .bo making as mnch as two hundred a year, I would indued." ...".Bali, make money. Sit in the hack 6hop all day long and sell mouldy books. Wo jolly sailor boys know holler than that, my lad." ., There really was something nautical, about tho look of tho man. Ho woro a black silk tio in a Bailor's running knot, the onds loose, his waistcoat was unkuttunod and his coat a kind of jacket, not to speak of his swinging walk and caroloss po3e. In loot lie had been a sailor, made two voyages to India and back qa as- distant purser or purser's clerk on board a P. and O. boat, hot some disagreement with liis commanding officer concerning negligence, or impudence, or drink, or laziness, bo had been charged in different ports and at different times with all these vices, either together or scpnratoly, caused him to lose his rating on'tlie ship's books. liowever, ho procured a cortain nautical swagger, which accorded well with liis appearance and gave him a Bwask-buckleyair, and made those who knew him lament thnt he had not graced the Elizabethan era, when he would have been a buccaneer and so got him self shot through ; or that he hadn't nourished under the reign of Queen Anne, when he might have turned pirato and be-on liangod, or that ho had not gono to tho Far West, where ho might havo been shot in a gambling saloon ; or tiiat lio had not enlisted in tho Dragoons, in which case liis friends would havo seen him seldom. But re grets as to the arrsngoment3 made by tho Fates aro vain things, "As for mo, when I get the business," he continued, " I shall look about for sonio one to. carry it on until I am able. to sell it Tor what it will. fetch. Books at a penny a piece all round, I suppose—" James gasped —"Bhop furniture thrown in — " Jamos —panted "and the good will for a small lump sum." James wondered how far hfa own sav ings and what he could borrow would go to wards the lump sum, and how much might re main. " BIy grandfather, you know, of Course, fa going to retire from business altogether." " Soon, BIr. Joseph ?" " Very aoon now; sooner than you expect. At seventy-five, and with all liis money, why should lie go on slaving any longer ? Very soon indeed. Any day intact.' No wonder Mr. Chalker comes so often." " BIr. Josoph." "What fa it, James ? Didyon really think that n man like mc was going to Bit in a back shop among theso mouldy volumes all day? C'ome, that's too good. You might have given me credit for being one cut above a counter, too. I'm a gonticman, James ; I am' a naval officer and a gentleman." He then procceeded lo explain in langnago that Bmackcd Bomefhing of tho sea, hut was also graced with the sweet cockney twang, that hia ideas soared far above trade, which was contemptible and unworthy of a gentle man, particularly of a naval officer nnd a gen tleman, nnd that hia friends, who held the same vioira, would nevor condescend even to formal acquaintance with trade. This diucourso may . bo omitted when ono roads about such a man asJoeGallop. Whenwa arc told how lie looked and what lie eaid, and iiow ho Baid it, with what gestures and in what tune, we feel as if it would be Impossible for the simplest person to be mistaken ns to his real character. My friends, especially my young friends, bo far from the discernment of character being oa3y, it is, on the contrary, an art difficult anuraroly attained, Every man, it ia true, betrays him self constantly, however skilled he may be in acting, dissembling, and assuming a part ; he betrays himself by gesture, by tho tone and manner of liis speech, by his eves, by Ills car- ringe, in a hundred different ways. Nature's indications are r. kind of handwriting, the characters in which nro known to few, so that, for instance, the quick, inquiring glance of his eye, which may stand for treacifcry, lying and deception, very easily pass nnread by tho mul titude. The language, or rather tho alphabet, is much less complicated than the canciform of the Bfedes and Persians, yet no ono studies it, except women, most of whom are profoundly skilled in this lore, which makes thein so fear fully and wonderfully wise. Tims it is easy for man to deceivo his brother man, but not his sister woman. Again, most of us arc glad to take everybody on his own statements ; there are, we are ready to acknowledge somewhere else, in tho world such things as lying, swind ling, acting a part, and cheating, hut they do not belong to our own world. And then there is tho personal force of a man, the mesmeric force ; and sometimes it linppens that with the worst character goe3 tlie strongest ' personal force ; James tlie asr.'stant very well know BTr. Emblom's grai ds -n was a bad lot ; that be had been turned out of one situation after another ; that hiagrandfnthcr would helphimnomorc; that ho was always to bo found in tho broad path which lcwlolh to destruction ; when he had J """'-'I' l;e ran down that path asTTTiT' legs could carry him; whei, he had none r" only walked aud wished he could rrn l\?,V never loft it, and novor wished to !e?" 1 Knowing all tills, the man a eptd every woH of the story. Tl10 shop would ho the wind eons; the old man would soon retire Mr. Joseph would noil the ekon 't. believed it because he hoped It. Ho respectfully tq tlio discjaion oi, the meat, l of trade, and Chen ho rubbed his hands and said that he hoped when tlio sale of »h« businoso came on, BIr. Joseph would let £ nnvo n chance. . "You?" naked Joo, "I novor thought or yon. But why not ? Why not, I say MVhr not you as well as nnybody else r "Nobody but me BIr. Josoph, knows what the business is and how it might be improved find I could mako arrangements for payine lhi regular mslatmonts." V'nguy "Well wo'll talk about it when the Um» comes, b-ailors don't know much about tha voluo of shops. Say, James, what dots Ilia commodore do all day ?" menu." lUer adJa UP West- "Always doing that, eh? Alwoys addins em up ? Ah, and you've novergot a chancoot looking over lus shoulder, I suppose »" ' "Novor." ' j " You may do ono of theso days. Sailors don t know much about investments." : It was remarkable how he came back continually to the subject of the investments. But ! bhould like lo know, if only for curiosity, what they are and where thov are Ho sita in there and adds 'em up. Yea ' J'e, oeon him at it. Tliore most bo thousands hv this tunc, ' "Thousands," said the assistant, in- 'tin belief that tho more you add up a sum the larger it prows. -i. Joe walkod into tho back shop and tried- t'lis earn. ' " Where are tho keys," he asked. . "Always in his pockot or on the table' he- fore him. He don't leave them about," ..i _ "Or you'd h.V known pretty sharp all thefo is to know, eh, my lad ? Well, you're a fnxV ono. Let's be pals, you and me. Wkea the old man goes, you want tho shop, ' Well "I don't see why you shouldn't have the shop And it will be mine to do what I please with, As for his savings, lie Bays that they aro. all for Iria. Well, wills have been set aside. ! ' Do you think, now, seriously, do you- think, James, that the old man fa quite'right in his chump ?" James laughed. "He's right enough— though lio throws away hfa chances." - " Throws away hfa chancos, How tho deuce can he be all right then ? Did you ever hear of a bookseller in his right mind tiuowing away hia chances J" ' " Why, no, for that matter " " ' ' "Very well, thon, for that matter,' don't forget that you've seen him throw .'away all his chnnces, all, yousaid." '' James had not said "all," hut he, grunted and tho other man went on. "It may 'come in useful, this recollection, Keep your' oyds wide open, my red haired pirate. As for tlio mouldy old shop, you may consider it as goo'd as your own. You shall have it for nothing if you help to set aside a rascally will. As good as your own ! Why, I suppose you'll get some- body else to handle the paste brush and tho Bcissors, and tie up the parcels and water tho shop, eli? You'll be too proud to do that ' for yourself, you will." BIr. James grinned, and rubbed his handa. " All your own, eh ? Well, you'll wake 'em up a bit, won't you ?" ' ' BIr. James grinned again; he continued grinning. This was the kind of wit that any man would like, really humorous and good hearted chaff.' "Goon, BIr, Joseph," ho said, " go on, I like it." Consider tho job as settled then. As for term's, they shall bo easy. I'm not a hard man. ' And I say, Foxy, about that safe."' . BIr. JameB suddenly ceased grinning be cause he observed a look in his patron's eyes which alarmed him, He was going to lie asked to do something darigoroue. "About that safe. You must find out for me where the old man hoa put his money and what it is worth, Do you hear 1 Or else — " "How can I find out? He won't tell tilo any more than you." "Or else you must put me in tho way _of finding out." BIr. Joseph lowered his voice to a whispor, " he keeps the keys on the tablo before him ; I've seen that dozens of times. When a customer takes him out here," He leaves the keys behind him, I've Been ' that. Do you know the key of the safo ?" " " Yes, I know it." , "What is to prevent a clever quick 'eyed fellow liko you, mate, stepping in with a bit of wax, eli, . whiio ho fa talking? You could tubIi it in a moment." .... " It's — it's dangerous, BIr. Joseph." ' So it is — rather dangerous — not much, What of that ?"' " I would do anything I could to he of service to you, BIr. Josoph. But that's not honest, nnd it's dangerous." " Dangerous ? Thero'a danger in the briny deep nnd shipwreck on the blast, if yon come tojdanger. Do we, therefore, jolly sailors over think of that? Never. As to honesty, do.n't make me sick- — " " Look here, BIr. Joseph, if you'll give me a promise, in writing, mind, and signed, that I'm to have the shop, stock and fixtures and good will, as soon as yon get it, at a fair valuation and easy terms, eay 10 per cent, down and the rest in yearly Instalments spread over fifteca yoars, with a consideration for wear and tear and — " < . ,.. "Stow it mate, wrlto what you like and 1 11 sign it." "Now, about that key ?" "If you get a duplicate key and if JOT Bhould get into trouble about it, Mr. Joseph, should you up nnd tell wliogot that key? . " Foxy, vou are as suspicions as' a China man. Well, then, do it this way. Send it ms in a letter, nnd then who is to know where tlie letter came from ?" ' . The assistant nodded. "I think I can do the job, though not perhaps your way. Due I think I can do it. I won't promise for da)' or two." _ j " There you spoke like an honest pal ana » friendly shipmate. Dnngerous? Of course J is. When tho roaring scaB do bloiv—lunai upon it brother. Foxy, you've never done a belter day's work. You are too crafty for W> Bailor, -vou areiudeed. Here, just fora I»u """Hush, Mr. Josoph 1 Don't talk bo loud." "Just for a trifle of a koy you nrs i going w get possession of the best book shop in au 0 ' flholics, with tho goodwill n bargain and the ntodlt almost thrown in. Well, hoop your oyes Kdnned and the wax ready, will you? Aud K James, I'll ho off, became tho old man might como down any moment, and ho isn't -cry friendly." : " Oli I say, Mr, Joseph, wait a moment." Tames 'was beginning to realise what ho had nteiuiaod, "If everything dreadful should Some of this. I don't Jciiow what is in the site There may bo mouoy as woll a3 papors." " James, do yon tbink I would utoal ? . Do iou mean to insinuato that I am a tliiof, i . James looked certainly as li hohad thought "pyeu that possible. ' ' ."I shall open the safe, take out tho papers, o»d them and put them baok. Will that do ' ler you ? And my gratitudo will bo yours |e count upon and to build upon." 'Ho shook hands ngaiu and took himself off. sovon Mr. Emblem camo down stairs, 'Has any ono been?", ho asked, as usual, "Only Mr. Joseph." "What might Mr, Joseph want?" "Nothing at all." "1'hen," said his grandfather, " Mr. Josoph ii'.'ht just as well havo kept away. Last time liecamc ho wanted to borrow £10. But he didn't get it. No, bo has had his last sovereign from me." _ Let us anticipate a little. James spent tho next day hovering about in tho hope that an opportunity would offer of gottiug the lcoy in liis possession for a few moments. There was BO opportunity. The bunch of keys lay on the tabic under tho old mnu's oyca all day, and ' when ho loft the table ho carried thom with him. But the day afterwards ho got his chance. Ono of tho old customers callod to talk over past bargains and old prizes. Mr. Emblem tamo out of the back shop with his visitor, and continued talking with him as far as tho floor. As ho passod tho tablo— James's table —he rested tho hand which carried tho keys fen it; and left them there. James pounced upon them and slippod them into his pocket noiselessly. Mr; Emblem, returned to , his on -a chair and thought no' king of the keys for ,au hour and a half by his clock and ; James W>nt out on business.. When Mr. Emblem remembered his keys, lie folt - for; them, and began searching about and cried out for James tbsthebad lo3this bunch bf'.koys;, ., | i "Why, sir," said James .brining them to Itim after a little search, and with a; very red face— "Hero they arc; you loft them. on.. my table." , : r ' And tho job was done. . , i " CfUTTEn III.i— Iffts,' tub .Htgi.tlt),.' ! I 1 By a somewhat remarkable, coincide!) co it' tvas on this very evening that , Iris first made the acquaintance of .her. pupil, Mr. Arnold Aibnthoot. These coincidences, I bolipvo, happen oftencr In roal life thnri'tlicy do even on the stage, where people aro always turning up at the vary nick of time and the critical ' moment. Anyone could fill a column with his own experiences. I kuow. of one marriage, .for instance, which 'was entirely brought about by such a simplo coincidence. The swain being in that condition of doubt as re gards his own intentions when a hair will turn the scale, and at the moment moditating on the charms of a cortain young, lady of really unusual name— Bobolink, it was,- or something, like it— and weighing tho advantages' and dis advantages of wedlock, raised his oyes .and real across the road' written in letters of ' gold above a shop from the legend " Bobolink and .marriage." It was o.provision shop. He re ceived the words as a message, and like au ancient Iioman general when Imagpies were about the camp, accepted, obeyed, went straight- way to the lady'a residence, proposed and re ceived favor, was actually married very shortly atterwaeds, and in order to mark his sense of supernatural direction presented his .wife with a magnificent ham bought at tho. very estab lishment which had been usod as an instru- meut. " , . . ! With this example in my memory , I need little persuasion to make mo believe that the meeting of Arnold Arbuthnot with Iris on tho very evening when her cousin was opening nutters with the Foxy ono was nothing ehort of I'rovidential. You ehall soo,. presently what things might havo happenod if thoy had not met. There aro threa really important counts in tho life of a girl. Tho first winch is seldom remembered is hor birth : tho Bocond Ler first meeting with her future lover-: the .third is her wedding day : tho other events of her life are moro interesting than important. Certain circumstances connootod with- this meeting which will be immediately explained made it an event of very considerable interest to Irk. So much so that alio had thought of nothing else for a week beforehand : that as the appointed hour drew near she trembled and grew pale : that when her grandfather came up for his tea, she, who was usually so quick to dl-cern tho least sign of caro or anxiety in lis fnco, actually did not obsorvo the trouble which was plainly svrittcu irihis drooping head had anxious eyes. She pourod out the tea, therefore, without One word of sympathy, which would have seemed hard if her grandfather expected any. He, did not, however, and was trying to look Ps if nothing had happoncd, though in his brain wcro ringing tho words " within three weeks, within tlirco weoks," with the regu larity of a horrid clock at midnight when one Wants to go to sleep. Oh !" cried Iris, forced as young peoplo Ore, to speak of her own trouble. " Oh 1 Ho u coining to-night." ,. "Who is coming to-hight, my dear?" and then he listened ngain for tho ticking of that » V' ,," lv'"1'n thrco weeks, within threo fljjr"''1 " '3 coming to- night, my He took the enp of tea from her and Bat ui»rn with an old man's deliberation, which Oom respect to rheumatism. The i. ration f that refrain, " within three wcek3, '.'bin three wcolcs," made him forget cvery- Oind' CVCn 'roub'a his granddaughter's grandfather, yon cannot havo for- B 'ten. She spoko with tho least touch II ,lIo,- on kcer.u3o Bhe had been tliinking of !i .U,„ r/or a week past, day and night, and T«„ !? "upossiblo that anvono should have "rgotten what was coming. I- ,"0' n-" Ho was stimulated into imme- hero-'6' collection by tho disappointment in ? eon Ji1' nt my doar, I havo not for- I Cliiu i ¥r' Arbuthnot is coming. But Iris, I him f ettllat worry you. I will SCO I you like." a - o, i must see him myself, You see, dear, lollhkn?" ttwMdecoPti#P' ". at all," he said stiully. advertised in your initials. Ho.n'ovor adco'd if" uoMmw" "f.1? or f woman. The otlmrs do UnL", 6boilId this ono?' What" docs it matter if you havo dono tho work"?? tho subject."3 diffCWUt' "So shouid ho," , ' . P.ut ''o hasn't, and I have been .'ansivor-' hJ'll.tSr"11' .S5 M» on-6h l -wia'tjwjll S , '.'1 -t'U he says he regards hie aj hit! drealfuh" Grftild(a;tt>or,Jt'.is pupir" y'x will lose, j-ouij C3, of course ; and worse stilt, 1 sliqlllbsbhis' tetters.. Wo hve so quiotly hero tbat'lrii lnltora oomo to mo liko nowa of anothor world. How many different worlds ore there in this London ? . Peasant to read of that one in' which, ladies go about beautifully drossifd always; ana where tho people havo nothirig'tp' doibut admire thomsolves. He tolls mo about; his pwrl luo, so that I know everything lib duee.atid where, lie goes, ond " — here she sighed heavily — : of course it could not go on for over, and I should not mind so much ifitliad uot boon .carried on under false protoncos," ' " 1 - ') No. false pretences at all, my doar.1' ,B>ou'6 think it. t ; "X sent back his last cheque," she said, trying to find a little consolation in tho situa tion. "But yet " ..... " Wj?", Iris,".. said her grandfather, ?' he wanted to learu heraldrjr and yoii liavo taifglib iT"lePv 'bev hhrBb montliB." thii igirl blushed as if Bhe -was -.coufosaing' her tins; for the lapt throe months there has not been a single,, sy.ord. in .his letters about heraldry; Ho tolls mo tbat ho writos .booaiis'p'Iie |slidlo or because ,-bo . wants to talk, or'bccatxss die, is alone in bis chambors, or bccauso, he 'wants, hia unknown friend's advice — I am 'his; un known friend, "'and I have beon 'giving ihim; advice." . : ' ' ' .. j , ,H '' S®aci adriee,''''t(ii»,".,'l»M ,'her grandfather j " who is so wise as my Iris ?" !, ,, I have, answered 'all his litters andubvor onpe' told him, tliat I'aisi only o'tritl " ' . e|ad you 'did 'not : toil1' hhtt.'.'Iris,!1 ?aidib?f. aadiathcr1 bat he did hot;sdydvhy no ixas.glad'j 'J and why1, can't he go 'du qrit ,fng nia lott'ors vylthpdt' making any FiiS?!1' i f, ,-i cMei,,he .sayj lid, mnst maiie' tha ac- .quaintanpo,, pf ." ,'tha , . man— tho 'maA— tvith W'tpw l0'1 has bqen in, , corrospon'doncd Ho tohg. .This is what hc. aaya," She opened A' letter' which lay. upon n table covered, wili papers,' ,hut hqr graudfather, stopped hcrl . .''JWou, my,,dca.r, I do , not .want, to know what.hO(Baya,..,jB!6,wi3hes to inakc your ao- quaiiitsnca.: ,, Ypul aro going tol sco him and to tell hiin wWypu.aro.,, .That.is enoughV- 'But'' 83 for deceiving", hepansed trying to' qpdor. stand this, scrupulosity, of; conacieuco— " if yeti comp tp/dqcetYingdkjirdiA.ih.ia kind'ofii jeirt of a way you alloWod .him'to'thipk.liui cbrro- spoudent a man, I wishthero ivorc jiist 'a;fow ;men llleo you, ;my, dear,, for Itruth and, hbnesty. What harm is do,uo.?. None. ' Ho.woii't'be so'1 modn as to ask for his, money back again;" " I think, lie ought, to have it aH'bacl' Biid Iris, "aU.fram tho1 vciry begiuniag." V , , , To this ho'r gra'ndfatlior made no reply. .The roturning of money paid' for services rendbrod was, to, his commercial 'mind,. tgd "foolish a thing to bVoyeu talked; about. At the samo time; Iris w, as qiilto freo to .managb' Her own affairs.' And thon there was that roll of papers in the' safe., Wliy, what'matter if she se'ilt away' all hor. pupils ? Ho changed, the subieot? . " Iris, my dear," ho said, ".about 'this otlior world— whero tho people amnse .themseltei : the worid which, lives in. thersquares. and lit' the big houses of . the Ijimjianknient, yon kh6w — hoiv should; you like, just for a change, to belong, to that world and have po work to do." ;. r . "I don't .know. It is no hardship to do, my kind of work."- . .. , ; ,, ; ' " You would have to leave mo,. pf-'cbUrssi You would sever your connection, as they eaj,.' with tlie book shop," , ' "Please don't let us talk nonsense, grand father." I "You would have .to be ashamed of ever having taught. for your living.'!, ! . . , \ \ ; i "Now that I hover should bo, never, not, if they made mo a duchess." ' , ""A'ou.tyould .dress in silk and volyot." ! S-J'- " Well, I- should like'oud.volvot drcsa in' my life. It should bo crimson ; n. dark crimson;" . . '(Very. good;, and you would .drive ink carriage , instead of an omnibus ; you wbiitd < alt in.tbc stalls instead of the . upper- circle ; ' yon would give money to poor people, and iyou would buy as many, secondhand books as you pleased. There are rich people, I boliovo, whp buy ! new books. But, you, my dear, have been bettor brought np. No books are worth buying till they havo stood tho criticism of a whole generation at least. . Ncvor buy books, my dear. .Yon can get thein from .tlio, library." i ' " I won't," said Iris. " But, . you doar old man,' what have you got in your head to-; night?" "I W03 thinking," ho said, "that perhaps you might be happier if things were differ- cnt.1.' "Happier ! nonsense ! I am as happy as I can be. Six pupils already. To bo stiro I have Io3t one— " (Bhe Blghed. Whoa her grandfather left her, Iris placed candles on the writing tablo, but did not light them, though it was already pretty dark. Sho had half an hour to wait ; sho wautcd to think, and candies are. not necessary for medi tation. Sho sat at tho open window, and suffered her thoughts to romblo where tlioy pleased. This is a restful thing to do, espe cially' if your windows look upon a tolerably busy bat not noisy London road. For then it is ahno3t as good as sitting beside a swiftly rnoniug stream ; the movemont of the peoplo bolow U like the unoeasing flow of tho current; tho sound of their footsteps ia liko tho whisper of the water along tho bank ; tlio echo of their half heard talk strikes your ear liko tho voices, half heard, from tho boats as thoy go by ; and' tho li 'htj of the shops aud tho streets presently bccomo spectral and unreal, like lights seen upon the river in the evening. Iris had a good many pupils, six in fact, as. she had boasted ; why then was. she oq strangely disturbed on account. of opo?, A lutor"by correspondence, wc must roiucmber, need not oven sec his pupils ; ho may. con- . struct tlicm, if ho please, out of tlio materials, nfforded in thoir totters. By following this method it is obvious that or.o must speedily, make favorites and distinguish between them, perhaps unfairly, in tho matter of personal Regard, especially whoa ono is young. An old tutor , by corrospoudenoo may bo Indifforont about his pupils ; but Iris was youug. Ono .of hor pupils, for iuitanoo, was a gontloman in the fruit aud potato lino iu the borou'h. By roason of his daily education, which had not boon nogloetod, but omittod, ho could not personally conduct his accounts, and now dc- siro.d to loarn bookkeeping, compound addition and subtraction, in ordor to avoid boin» robbol. Nothing make3 a merchant more qnapicious than ignoranco of these arts, But it is difficult — nay, woll nigh impossiblo— for a middle agod fruitorcr not trained in tlio graces of letter writing to inspire a young lady with personal rogard, ovon though sho follows tho curront of his thought) day by day and sets his sums, Noxt tliorc was a young follow of one or two and twenty, who was beginning iifo as an assistant in a_ commercial school at Lowor Clapton. This is a atony and thorny patli to ' troad ; no ono walks upon it willingly those who are compollod to ontcr upon it speedily 'oithor run away and enlist or they go and hang thomiolvos, or thoy become possessed of 'a mad ambition to do something— anything in order to get into smoothor and more Iploasant ways. The smoother ways of the pro fession aro only to be entered by one who is tho possos3or of a degree, and it was tho de termination of this young man to pass the London University examinations. In this way hi3 valuo in the educational market Would be at once doubled, and he could com- ;maud a better place' and lighter work. Ho 'showod himself in his letters to be an crni- nontly practical, shrewd, selfish and thlck- 'skinnod young m'ui, who would quite cor- tainly got on, and with that view would take as much work out of his tutor as ho could get for tho monoy. Had ho known that " I, A,," who took so much trouble with his papers, was oiily a woman, ho would certainly have ox- ' tor ted a great deal moro work for his money. That kind of chivalry, you seo, which impels 'a' man, to, spare the woakor sox as much as -p'Ossiblo, bogins at a social lovol porhaps some what higher than that ocoupiod by this youth. Thoro is no way in 'which a man more surely and more naturally revoals his truo character than lit tho' wording of his letters, so that 'itftor awhile, ovon though the correspondence "lib upon nothing ' moro interesting than tho 'studios in' hand, those' who writo and tlioso who read learn' to know each other if tlicy havo but tlio mother ,wit to read between tho linos. Certainly this youpgscboolmastcr did not know Irik, nor ' did fie do3iro to discover wliat she wa3 liko, belug wholly occupied with the study of himiolf. Strango and kindly provision of naturo ! The' le33 do3irablc a man actually appearj to othors, tho moro fondly ,hc lovoa himsolf. I havo always thought that most probably Narcissus wa3 a 'huhclibaok. . . , Then thcro was another pupil, the girl who W.is working hor vary hardest in ordor to be come, as sho It'opod, a first class governess, and Who, poor 'tiling, by rbason of natural thick ness, would never roach oven tho third rank. Iris would have boon sorry for her becauBOBho Worked so hard and was so stupid, but there Was something liard and unsympathetic in lior naturo which forbade pity. She was miser- hbly poor, too, and had an unsuccessful father, no doubt as stupid as herself, and made pitiful 'excuses for riot forwarding tho Blendoer foes With regularity. Everyone who is poor is on that ground alono worthy of sympathy. But the hardness arid the ill temper shown in her lottcra repelled Trig, After all, evon poverty mustharb somo grace of resignation or cltoor- f illness, if it wants to command sympathy. Iris pictured tho girl as plain to look upon, with a dull oyo, a' leathery, pallid cheek and a forehead without the 'glow of eurishino upon 'it. And there was besides, the Cambridge un- 'dorgrailuato. He was neither clever noriu- dristrious,. nor very ambitious, ho humbly ' thought that a moderato place— say among tho . Senior 0ptimc3 —was quite good enough for him to aim at, aud no found that this un known and obscure tutor by correspondence was cheap, and himself quite as efficacious as "a Caaibridgo coach. Iris discovered that ho Was lazy arid luxurious", a deceiver of himself "and'a consistent Bhirkcr of work. Therefore, ahe'dislikcd him. Had oho known him in tho 'flegli, eho might have liked him bettor — for ho was really a pleasant, easy going follow, n youth who wallowed in intellectual sloth, but loved physical activity. IIo will certainly novor get' til e place lio dosiros in tho Sonato Ilomo, but tlio disappointment will not break his 'hoatt, and ho will thon drop gracefully aud Comfortably , into the church, and devolop later on into au admirable country parson, un less they disestablish the establishment, in wliiclj case I do not kiiow what he will do, But this other man, this man who was coining for an explanation,' this Mr. Arnold Arbuthnot, wa3, if you please, a vorv different kind of pupil. In the first place lie was a gqntlcman ; a fact which he displayed, but not ostentatiously, in ovory lino of his letters. Next, he had oomo to her — the only pupil she had in the science— for instruction in heraldry, which sho loved. It is far more pleasant to be describing a shield and setting questions in the queer old language of this queer old science than in solving and proposing problems in trigonometry and conic sections. And then, how if your pupil begins to talk round tho subject and to wander into otbor tilings ? You cannot very well talk round a branch of mathematics, but heraldry is a subject sur rounded by field) coverod with beautiful flowers. Into those the pupil wandorod, and Iris, not unwillingly, followed. Thus the teaching of heraldry by correspondence became the most delightful interchange of letters with a curiou3and strange piquancy derived from tho fact that ono of thorn, supposed to bo a man, was a young girl, ignorant of tho world, except from books and the advice given her by two old moil who formed all her society. But what wa3 at first a kind of play became serious earnest, and the con3cicnco of the girl was awakened as her correspondent began moro and moro to unfold himself and to reposo his confidence in his unknown friend. Latterly, he had moro than once amused liimiclf by drawing on imaginary portrait of her, ivhich made her feel uneasy. " I know yon," lie said, " from your letters, but yet I want to know you in person. I think you aro a man advanced. in years," Poor Iris, and she not yot, twenty one, " You Bit in your study arid read, you wear glasse3 and your hail is grey; 'you have n kind heart aud a cheerful . voice ; you arc not rich; you have nover tried to.iqak'c yourself rich, you are therefore little yorsbd ln the ways of mankind ; you takc your < ideas chiefly front books; tho friends you have are truo and honest ; you aro full of sympathy and quick to road tlio though ts of IhoBO iu whom you tako pu interest." A yery' fino character this; but it made Iris's cheek to burn and her oyes to drop. To bo nuro sho was not ricb, nor did sho know tho world. So far, hor pupil was right, but yot sho was not groy nor old. And agaiu, sho was not, aolio thought, a man. Letter writing _ is not oxtinct, as pooplo would havo us bclicvo. Letters aro written still — the most-delightful letters; but men and women no longer writo carefully, bocauso tlioy will be shown about, and, very .likely, road Aloud. Our -letters, ore, therefore, moro real, more truthful, moro spontaneous, aud moro delightful than tho laborious productions of our ancostors. Who had to balnnco every son- tonce, and to tliink.out an epigram for weeks, 00 that it might appear an impromptu. I should liko, just for onco, to rob tho outward or the homeward mail, in order to road all tho delightful letters, which go every week back wards and forwards bctweon the folk in India and the folk'at home. "I shall loie-my letters." Iris reflectod, and her heart sank. Not only did hor correspon dent begin to draw these imaginary portraits of her, but hef proceeded to press Iier every woek to como out of hor concealment, aud to grant liirn nu intorviow. This sho might havo rofnsed in hor desire to continue a correspon dence which brightonod a iifo whose dulncss she was already beginning to feel. But thcro came anothor thing, and this dcoidod her. He bogan to give and to ask opinions concerning love, marriage, and such topics— which slw folt could not posaibly be discussed with liirn, ovou in domino and male flisguiso. "As for love," her pupil wroto, I suppose it.isareal aud not a fancied necessity of life. A man; I mean, may go on a long time without it, but thoro will comb a time when be is bouud.to fool the incorisplcteness of Iifo without a woman to love. Our education is foolish and un natural. Wo ought to train our boys, and girls from the yery boginning to rogard lovo and marriago 83 the only things really. worth having, because without thom there is no hap piness ; and thoroforc we ought to teach a boy to bo etrong and doxterous, or learned, in ordor to win tho respect of his futuro mistress ; and girls should be . taught to desiro every- thing which will make thom more beauti ful, tho bettor to fix a . rnau's affections and make him happy." Anybody will under stand that IriB could not possibly plunge into . speculative philosophy of this kind with hdr pupil. It was obvious that tho thing, must come to an end. . Therefore she wrote a lottdr to him tolling . him that" "I.A-" would meet him if ho ploased that very evening,' at tho hour of eight. It is of course,, by this time, siifficjeritjy un derstood that Iris Aglen professod to tcach-h it is an odd combination— mathematics ,and heraldry; she might also have taught equally well, had she chosen, sweotnosa of disposition, goodness of heart, the benefits conferred by pure and lofty thoughts on tho expression of a girl's face and tlio way to. acquire; other maidenly virtues ; but there oithor ia: too limited a market for these branches of culture or, which is perhaps tho' truo reason, thorc art so nftny English girls, not to speak of Amori- cans, who aro roady and competent to toach them. As for her heraldry it was natural that sho should acquire that science of hoc grandfather, who know as much as a pursuivant or a king at arms, and thought that by toaoli- ing the child a science which is nowadays cultivated by so few, Im was going to make : hor fortune. It was indeed, as you shall see, in this way that her fortune was made, but yet not quite iu tho way he thought. Nobody ovor makes a fortune quite in the way at first intended for him, , j As for mathematics, it is no wonder that she was good in this science because she was a pupil of Lola Boy.. . This learned Bengalee, condescended to acknowledge mathematics as worthy of even an Indian intellect;, and amused himself with them when lie w.aa not more worthily engaged at chess. He it was who, being a lodger in the house, taught -Iris almost as soon as she could read bow letters placed Bide, by side may be made to signify and to accomplish the most! stupendous things, and how they may disguise the most graceful and beautiful curves, and lion thev may evon open a way into boundless Bpaee and then disclose marvols. This. won drous world did the philosopher open to the ready and quick wittcd girl ;' nor did he over lead her to boliere that it was at all an un usual or an extraordinary thing for a girl id bo so quick and apt for scienco as hcrsolf, nor , did he tell her that if sho went to Neiynham or to Girton most extraordinary glories awaited.hor with the acclamations of tho Senate Hpuso and the praise of mo'aton!. Iris was not. proud of hor mathematics, which seemed, part of her vory nature. But of hor heraldry she was, I fear, extrcmoly proud — proud oron to sinfulness. Perhaps this was tho roason why, through her heraldry, the humiliation of this evening fell upon her. "If he is young," sho thought ; "if ho is young— and ho ia sure to he young— ho will be very angry at having oponed his mind to a girl." It will bo porceived that sho was really very ignorant not to know that a young man likos nothing so much as tlio opening of his mind to a young lady. " If he is old lie will be moro humiliated still" — as if any man at any age was over humiliated by confessing him self to a woman. " If he is ft proud man lie will never forgive mo, indeed — I am sure that he can nover forgive rao, whatever kind of mnn lie is. But I can do no more than tell liirn I am sorry. If ho will not forgive mo, what can 1 say ? Oh, if ho should be vindictive I" Iris lighted her candles before tho pulsation of the last Btroko of eight had died away. When tho clock bognu to strike tlio hour she heard the ringing of the house bell. The door wa3 opened by her grandfather himsolf, because she heard his voice. Ho said, "Yes, you will find your tutor, young gentleman, in the first floor front, alone. If you aro inclined to be vindictivo when you hear all, plcaso ring the bell for mo." Inclined to be vindictive ? What on cartli did ho mean ? Tho visitor mounted tile stairs, aud Iris, hoaring liis stop, began to tremblo and to shake for foar. When tlio door opened alio did not at Gist look up. But Bhe lenew that lier pupil wail tlicro, and that lie was looking for his tutor, j "Pardon mo." -The voice was not un pleasant. "Pardon me. -I was directed, to this room. I havo an appointment with cay- tutor." " If," said Iris, rising, the time for 'confes sion had orrivod, "It you ore Mr, Arnold Arbulhuot, your appointment is, - I boliovo, with mo." i ' 11 It is with my tutor," he said. ..-. ., - " I am your tutor. My initials iftre. I. A." Tho roopi was Only lighted by two cAndlos, but thoy showed liim tho face arid; fprm of a woman, and he thought she looked young, judging by tho outline. Her Voice .was swoel and clear. j "My tutor? You?" . , " If you roally aro Mr. Arnold Arbuthnot, tlio gentleman who has correspondod-with I, A. for tlio last two years on hornldryv'and — - ond other things, I am your tutor."-' ;S!lo had mado the dreaded confession. -Tho root would bo oa3y. She oven ventured to; raiso hoc oyes, and she perceived with a sinking of the heart that hor estimate of her -pupil's ago was tolerably correct. Ho was a yopng man, apparently not moro than five or; six and twenty, : .1; ;, It remained to be seen if he wasi vindio- five. . As for tlio pupil, who was as much cobfusod as his tutor, when ho recovered a little front the blow of this announcement, ho- saw .before him a girl, qaito young, dressod .in a -riimplo grey or drab- colored stuff — which! ,I; havo reason to beliovo is called Caruietito. , The dresB had a crimson kerchief arranged in folds over the front, and a lace collar ; and at firat night it made tlio beholder feol that,conaidorod merely ae a sotting of face and figure, it was remarkably effective. Surely this is tho truo end and aim of all feminine adornment, apart from the elementary object of kcoping ono warm. "I — I — did not know," the young manBaid, after a pauBo ; " I did not know at ail-that I was corresponding witli a lady." -. Iris dropped her eyes once more. , "I. assure you that I had no idea that I was correspond ing with a lady." . . ;. Hero sho raised her eye3 again, .and (ho ob served that tho eyes were very largo .and full of light — " oyos Like the fishpoolsof Heshbon," dovea' oyes. . , "lam very sorry," sho said meaktyj J',16 was my fault." ...t,-. - Ho observod other things now, having re gained the use of his senses, Thus lie. bajv, that she woro her liair, which was a. wonderful brown, parted at the eido liko a ..boy's,- and that sho had not committed tho horrible enor mity of cutting it short ; the lips were-qriiver- ing and her cheek wa3 blushing, but her look yvas. steadfast. Aro doves' eyes, lie Baid to himself stood- fast ? t "May I venture," he said, "to .nsje what fault?" ; "I onght to have told you long, ago, ' wlicn you began to write about other things, when I saw that you thought I was a man,, OhiJ; long ago I ought to havo told you the truth.!'' ,- ; " It is wonderful," said the young : man, fit ia truly wonderful." He was thiukirig ef. tha letters which she wrote in reply to iila owu, and comparing them with her youthful face as one compares a poet with his poetry. , "X am very sorry," she repealed. , "Have you many pupils liko myeojf.?'! he asked, meaning, I.think, to express .tho wonder in his mind that! one so yonug shoold have yfrittcn to him so wisely. V j "I have several pupils in mathematics, -.It does not matter to them whether they are taught by a man or a woman,. In iioraldryi I had only ono— you." . -. He looked round the room. One jmd.wos filled with books, in one of the windows.was a table covered with papers and adorned; with a type writer, by means of which Iris, carried on her correspondence. She spoke' the.;trntb without doubt, yet was it possible .that , a girl so young could be so wise and so roady. to un derstand? For a moment the unworthy thought crossed his mind that he had been perhaps artfully lured on by a Siron. for his destruction. Only for a moment, howqver, be cause she raised her face and met . his gazo again with oyes so frank and innocontihat ha could not doubt them. Besides, thore was tha clear outline, so truthful and so lioqcst, .Could ono doubt that outline of cheek and chin ? i "I have put together," she said, " ,aU;your .letters ; hero they are. Will you please tako them hack? I must not koep tljcm any longer." Ho took thein and bowed. -JfJ J made this appointment as I desired to tell', you tha truth, bocauso I have deceived you too t long, and to bog yon to forgive mo, and to say. that of course there is an end to oar corrfspon- dcaco." .! ' " Thank yon. It shall be as you,' desiro, Exactly," be repeated, " as you desiro. He ought to have gone at once. Thero' was nothing more to say, yet he lingered. ' " To writo these letters," he said,' "has, boots for a long time ono of my greatest pleasures, partly because I felt that I was writim to. a friend, and so wrote in trust and confidence psrtly because they procured a reply "jjji tho shape of your letters," - .! , She mado no answer. "It is hard, is it not, to loss a, friend so slowly acquired, thuB suddenly arid jjanex- poctodly?" " Yes," she said, "it is hard." . "Perhaps I have said something t in, my ignoranco which has lowered me ui'lj yo'uc esteem." . "Ohl no — no — said Iris quickly. "And if you youraolf found any pletisure in answering my letters ?" . " Yes," said Iris with frankness. " It gayo mo great pleaso to answer your lotters 'as/weU.aa I could. To be suro, they were often lame and foolish answers." "Tlion cannot we continue our correspon dence as bofore ?" But be did not speak con fidently. . "No," said Iris decidedly. "It can neverba continued, as before, How could it, Vvhen we have mot?" " Then," he continued, " if we canfiot write to each other any more, con wo not talk'?" She ought to have informed him on tho spot that tho thing was quite impossibly and not to be thought of for ono moment. She Bliould liavo said, coldly but firmly, '"'Sir, it is not right that you should como alono. to a young lady's Btudy. Such things are not por- initted. If wo meet in socioty, we may por haps renew our- acquaintance — " But girls do go on sometimes as If tcfo was no such thiug as propriety at all, arid' sucU cases aro Bald to be growing more freqhb'dt, so that wo shall probably end with tho latch hoy and any hour you pleaso aud whatever-" com- \- pany any girl chooses to select for -henriilf. " Can wo ? " She who hesitates is- lost, a maxim which cannot bo too often rend, said and sludiod. It is one of the vory few golden rules omitted from Solomon's Proverbs. -' " Can wo ? It would bo pleasant)". If yon will permit me," ho hluahed and- -tammeredj wondering at her' acquiescence, but ' > jnorant of the opinion tlio girl' had formed of ; ' xtim, " if you will' permit mo to call upon you- sometimes — horo, if you will allow mo, or any. . where else. You know my name. I am- by- profession an artist, and I havo a studio closo t>y in Tite-streot," "To call upon mo here?" sho repeated. A. Maw, when one is a tutor, and has had a pupil 'or two years, one regards that pupil with a f Opting: whioh may not be exactly parental, but ; .which is unconventional. If Arnold had said, "Behold- mo 1 May I, being a young man, call \- upon yon, a young woman? " she would have replied, "No, young man, that can novor be," But. when bo said, "May 1, your pnjiil, call .- .upon- you, my tutor?" a distinction was at onfio established hy which tho impossible be-- tame possible. 1 .-fYta," Bhesaid, " I think you may call My grandfather has his tea with mo every evoning at six. You m3y call then if it will give you any pleasure," "You really will let me ooino hero'" The y?aong man looked as if tho permission was likely to give him the greatest pleasure. "Yes; if you really do wish it." She \- npoko just exactly like an Oxford' Boil giving .in undergraduate permission to walk with him, or to como at certain times to Mb f oomB. Arnold noticed the mnnner and smiled. "Still," he said, " as yonr pupil 3" \- Ho meant to set her at her case concerning the propriety of these visits. She thought lie meant a continuation of a certain little arrange- ' inent as to fees, and blushed. "No," she said, " I must not con3ideryou aB a pupil any longer. You have put an end to that yourself." ... «i do not mind if only I continue ycur friend." . " Oh !" sho said, " bnt wo must not pledge ourselves to friendship. Perhaps you will not (ike me when yon come to know me." "Then I remain your disciple." ' "Oh no she Hushed again, "you must already think me presumptuous enough in ven turing to give you advice. I havo written so many foolish things — " " Indeed no," he interrupted, "a thousand times no. Let me tell you once for all, if .1 may, that' yon have taught mo a groat deal, rar moro than you can over understand or tliau ' f can explain. Why, I thought I was getting the advice of some kind hearted man who knew more about hooks than about men. He was old and a gentleman, and of such kindly heart and such quick sympathy that I was encouraged to tell him everything iu my mind. But it is, after all, a young lady . Is it possible? Where did you get your wisdom? Not from the book of human life. Of that you cannot know much as yet." "The wisdom is in your imagination, I think. You shall not be my pupil, nor my ' disciple, but — well — because you have told me ro much, and I seem to have known yoi so long, and besides, you must never feci ashamed nt having told me so much, you shall come, if yon please, as my brother." It was not till afterwards that she reflected on tho vast responsibilities she incurred iu making this proposal, and on the eagerness with vthich her pupil accepted it. " Ab your brother ? " he cried, offering her his hand, " why it is far, far moro than I could lavo ventured to hope. Yes, I will come, as yonr brother. And now, although yon know >«> much about me, you havo told me nothing about yourself — not even your name," " My name is Iris Aglon." " Iris. It is a pretty name." " It was, I believe, my grandmother's. But I never saw her, and I do not know who or what my father's relations arc." " Iris Aglen," he repeated ; 11 Iris was tho herald of the gods, and the rainbow was con structed on purpose to serve her for a way from heaven to the earth." " Mathematicians do not allow that," said the girl, smiling, "I don't know any mathematics. Bnt now 1 understand in what school yon learned! your '-' heraldry. You are Queen at Arms, the Pur- 'Uivanto to the gods of Olympus." He wished to add something about the loveliness- of Aphrodite and the uriBdom of Athene, bat he refrained, which was in good taste. \- " Thank you, Mr, Arbuthuot," Iris replied. " I learned my heraldry of my grandfather, who taught himself from the books he solle. And my mathematics I learned of Lala Boy, who is onr lodger, and a learned Hindoo gontlo- man. .My father is dead — he died in America 1 —and my mother as well — and I havo no friends in the world except those two old men, -who love me, and have done their best to spoil me." No other friends in the world — stvange to ray, the young man felt a Httlo sense of relief ; no other friends. Ho might have sympathised with the girl's loneliness ho might have raked her how sho could possibly enduro life without companionship but he did not. Ho nly felt that other friends might have been rough and ill bred. This girl derived her re finement not only from nature, bnt also from reparation from tho other girls who might hi tho ordinary courso havo been her friends and associates. And another thing : If no uther friends, then no lover. Arnold was only going to visit the young lady as her brother j hut lovers do not generally approve tho introduction of such novel effects as that caused hy the appearance of a brand new and previously unsuspected brother. Ho was glad, on tho whole, that there was no lover. Then he left her, and went home to tho studio, where he sat till midnight, sketching a thousand heads one after the other with rapid pencil. Thcy-were all girls' heads, and they all had hair parted at tho left sido with a broad eqnare forehead, full eyes and straight dear cut features. "No," he said at last; it is no good. I cannot catch the curve of her mouth ; nobody could. What a pretty girl, and I am to be her brother. What will Clara say ? And how — oh, how in the world can she he, all at the same time, so young, so pretty and so wise ? Chapter IV, — The Woj.f at Home. There Is a certain music hall in a certain street leading out of a certain road whoBO distinctive characteristic above any of its fellows is a vulgarity so profound that the ronnoisseur or student in that branch of . mental culture thinks that bore at last ho lias reached the lowest depths. For this reason me shrinks from naming it, because it might become fashionable, and then if it fondly tried lo change its character to suit its changed audience it might entirely lose its present harm and become simply commonplace. Be. Ides whioh, the taste for tho lowest doptha onco1 lost might novcr ho revived; like tho former fashions, once extremely popular, of sqnailing locks, deceiving badgers, baltmgbullo, i nnd looking on at hangings, pillories and flog at the cart tail, Joo Gallop stood in tho doorway of this hall a fow days after his tempting of James. It was about tcu o'clock, when tho entertain ments wcro in fail blast. Ho had n cigarette between his lips, aB becomes- a young man of fashion, but it had gono out, and ho was thinking of something. To judge. from tho cunning look in Mb eyas it was samothing not connected with tho good of his fellow creatures, Presently, the music oi tho orchestra ceased and tho female acrobats who had been " coutorting " themselves fear fully ami horribly for a quarter of an hour on tho stage, kissed their hands, which were as hard as ropee from tho nature of their exer tions, and smiled a fond farewell. There was some applause, hut not mncli, becansa noithor man nor woman oaros greatly for female acro bats, and the porformors themselves are with difficulty persuaded to lcr.rn their art and generally make haste to "go iu " again as soon as they can and try henceforward to forgot that tlicy have over dono things with ropes and bars, or, if it cannot ho concealed, they so magnify their dexterity and so nullify a thou sand fold the former enthusiasm of tho multi tude that their fame seems unto their friends to have been even as the fr.me of Leotard or Blondin, when thoy left tho stage. Joe left off thinking, tit a fresh cigarette and assumed an air o- great expectation, as if something really worth seeing and hearing was now about to appear. And whon the chairman brought down the hammer with tiio announcement that Miss Cur'otta G'laradinc, tire People's Favorite, would now oblige, it was Joe who loudly led tho way for a tnmultuous burst of applause. Then the band, which at this establishment and othors liko unto it only plays two tunes, ono for accohats and one for singcts, struck up the second air, and tho People's Favorite ap peared. Mm may havo had by nature a sweet and tunoiul voioo ; in ordor to please her friends alio converted it into a harsh nnd rasp ing voice, she delivered her words with abun dance of gestures and a kind of shrick-at tho beginning of every verse, which was not in tho music, but was thrown in to compel atten tion. Sho was dressed with groat simplicity in plain frock, aprou and whito cap, to repre sent a fair young quakercsa, and sho sang a song about her lover with much archness — a delightful quality iu woman, "Splendid! splendid ! bravo !" shouted Joseph at tho end of the first verse. " That fetches 'cm, don't it, Sir? Positively drags 'cm in, Sir." Ho addressed his words with out turning his head to a man who had just come in, and was gazing at him with un bounded astonishment. " You here, Joo 1" ho said. Joo started. " Why, Chalker, who'd haTe thought to meet you in this mnsic hall !" "It's a good step from Chelsea, isn't it? And what arc you doing, Joe ? I heard you'd left the P. and 0. Company." " Had to," said Joe. " A gentleman has no choice but to go. There's no position— no position at all in tho service. Besides, tho uniform for a man of my style is unbecoming, and the captain was a cad." " Humph ! and what arc you doing, then ? Living on the old man again ?" "Nover you mind, Chalker," replied Joe, with dignity. " I am not likely to trouble you any more," "Well Joe," said tho other, without taking offence, "it is not my business to get my clients to lend money without security, and nil you had to -ffcr was your chance of what your grandfather might leave you— or might not." " And a very good security, loo, if he does justice to his relations." "Yes, but how did I know that he is going to do justice? And now, you see, he isn't. Come, Joo, don't bo shirty with an old friend." There wa i a cordiality in the solicitor's manner which boded well. Joo was pretty certain from old experience that Mr. Chalker was not a man to cullivato friendship with any body, unless something was to 1-e got out of it. It is only the idle and ca-.eless who can waste time' OTcr unprofitable friendships. With pnost men friendship means assisting each 'other's tittle games, so that any man becomes on occasion bonnet, confederate and pal for his friend, and expects the same kindly office for himself. If Chalker wished to keop up Ms old acquaintance with Joo Gallup there must be some good reason. Now, the only reason which suggested itself to Joo at that moment, was that Chalker had lately drawn a new note for tho old man, and knew not < nly where his money was, but how it was to be disposed. Here he was wrong. Tho chief reason of Mr. Chalker's friendly attitude was his extraordin- ary curiosity to know what Joo was doing. "Look lure, Chalker," Joe whispered, " yon used to protend to be a pal. What's the use of being a pal, if yon won't help a fel low ? Ton sou my grandfather once a month or so ;you shut she door and have long tali s with him. Sometimes you sco Mm as often as onco a week. If yon know what he's going to do with his money, why not tell a fellow ? Let's make a business matter of it." " How much do you know, Joe " Nothing at all. That's tlio honest truth. The old man's as tight as wax. But there's other business besides his. Suppose I know of something a precious sight better than Ma in vestments, and wanted a lawyer to manage it for me— nndoi ray direction — you understand, Chalker my boy — under my own cyo." "Well, Joo? Mr. Chalker began to show a little interest. " Encore — Bravo ! Encore ! Bravo ! " Joe ban ;ed hit. stick on the floor, and shouted because tho singer ended her first song. He looked so fierce and big that all tl o bystand ers made hanto to follow his example. "Splendid, isn't sho ?" ho said. " Hang tlio singer ! What do you mean by other business ? " " Perhaps ids nothing. Perhaps there will bo thousands in it. Pcrhnps it is an heiress with a great fortune. Anil perhaps I can get on without you after all." " Very well, Joe. Get on without me if you tike." "Look heie, Chalker," Joe laid a persua sive hand on tho other's arm. " Can't wo two be friendly? Why don't you give a fellow a Hit? All I want to know is. where the old man's pnt his raonoy and how'u ho'a left it. If you'll tell me that, I'll aeo about letting you in tho other ioh." "Suppose I do know," Mr. Chalker rcpliod, wishing ardently that ho did, " do you think I am going to betray trust— a (solicitor botray ' trust — and1 for- nothing ? But if you want to ' talk real' business, Joe, come tb my office. You , know whore that is." Jog know very well. In fact there had been more than on a difficulty which had been adjusted through MV. Chalker's not wholly disinterested aid. Then tho singer appeared again attired in n new and startling drcsB, and Joe began onco moro to applaud again with voice and stick! Chalker, surprised at Joe's nowly. developed outhuaia'un for art, left him and walkod up tho hall an t sat down besido tho chairman, whom he scmcd to know. In fact tlio chairman was also tho proprietor of the 3how, and Mr. Chalker was acting for him in his professional capacity, mnch as he had acted for Mr. Emblem. " Who is your new Bingov 1" ho asked that functionary. " She calls herself Miss Carlotta Clavadine. And a woman, lot mo tell you, Mr. Chalker, who will get along. Fine figure, plenty of clieek, loud voice, flings herself about ami don't mind whou the word-pun: a little bit strong. That's flic kind of singer tho people like. That's her husband at the far end' of the room, the big, good looking chap with tho tight moustache aud the cigarette in his mouth." " Whew !" Mr. Challtcr whistled the low note which indicates surprise. " That's her husband, is it ? The husband of Miss Car- lotta Claradinc, is it, Oho, oho, her lius- ' hand." " Do yon know him then ?" " Yes, I know him. . What's the real name of the girl 5" " Charlotte k'mithcrs. This is her first stage, nnd we made up the name when we first put her in the posters.. I made it — Clnradine— out of clilorodync, yon know, which was in an ad- tiscment. Sounds well, don't it " Yery well, indeed. By Jove, her husband; is ho ?" _ . " And I suppose," said the chairman, "Uvea on his wits." "Bless you, Mr. Chalker, there's a whole gang about my tlieatro and music hall, trying to get hold ol" tho promising girls. Them as have nothing but. their good looks may do for the mashers, hut these chapB look out for tho girls who'll bring in the money, and" then they havo tho spending of it." "T'hnt will suit him, down to tho ground." " And joalous with it, if yoo please. Ho comes here every night to applaud aud take her home. Keeps himself sober op purpose." And then tho lady appeared .-.gain in a won derful custnme of bluo silk. and tights, per sonating tho masher idealised. It was her third and Ir.at tong. In tho applause which followed, Mr. Chalker thought he could discern p'ainly tho stick as well as the voice of his old friend. And ho thought how beautiful is the love of husband unto wife, and ho smiled, think, ing that when Joo came next to seo him he would hear truths which lie had thought Unknown. Presently he saw tho singer pass down tho hall and join her husband, who now his labor onded was seeking refreshment at the bar. Sho was a good looking girl— Btill only a girl, and apparently under twenty — quietly droased, yut looking anything hut quiet. Bu, that might hi.ve been duo to her friuge, which was, bo to Bpcak, a prominent feature in her face. Sho was tall and well made, with largo features, as for instance, an umple chock, a full eye, and a wide mouth. A good uatured lookiug girl, and though her mouth was wide it suggested smiles. , The husband was ox- changing a little graceful badinage with the barmaid when i-ho joined him, and perhaps this made her look a tittle cross. " She's jealous, too," said Mr. Chalker ; " all the bettor." Yet a face which on the whole was prepossessing and good natured, aud betokened a disposition t-i make the best of the world. " How long has she been married Mr. Chalker asked the proprietor, " Only about a month or so." " Ah 1" Mr. Chalker proceeded to talk busi ness, and gave no further hint of any interest in the newly married pair. " Now, Joe," said the Binger with a Leering glance at tho bar- mr.i-J, " arc you going to Btand here all night ?" Joo drank off ills glass nnd followed Mb wife into the street. They walked side by side in silence, until they reached their lodgings. Then sho threw off her hat and jacket, and sat down on tho horse hair sofa, and said abruptly, " I cau't do it, Joe, and I won't. So don't ask me.', c " Wait a bit, wait a hit, Lotty. Don't b0 in a hurry." Joo spoke quite softly, as if h 1 were not the least angry hut perhaps a littl hurt. " There's not a bit of a hurry. You needn't decide to-day nor yet to-morrow." " I couldn't do it," sho said. " Oil ! it's a dreadful wicked thing to do. Oh ! I nover thought I should marry a man who'd ask mo to Jo snoh a wicked thing. And only five weeks to-morrow since wc married." " Lotty, my dear, lot un he reasonable." He Btill spoke quite softly. " If wo are not to go on like other people, if we are to ho always bothering about honesty and that rubbish we shall he always down in tlio world. How do other people make money oi.J get on? By humbug, my dear, by humbug. As for you a tittle play acting is nothing. The lady expects to hand over somo day — at least I Bupposc so." " But I am not tho man's daughter, and my own father's alive and well." " Look hero, Lotty, you are always grum bling about the music halls." " Well, and good reason to grumble. If yon heard those ballet girls go on at the back you'd grumble. As for tho music" — she laughed, as if againBt her will. " If anybody had told me six months ago — me that used 1 1 go to tho Cathedral scrvico ever / afternoon regular — that I eh mid bo a lion masher at a hall, Loudon music hall, and go on in tights, I should havo laughed in his face, and boxed his ears for impudence." " Why, you don't moan to tell me, Lotty, that yon wish you had stuck to tile mouldy old place, and sold music over the counter." "Well then, perhaps I do." "No — no, Lotty. Your husband cannot let you say that." " My husband can laugh and talk with bar maids. That makes him happy." " Lotty," he said, "you r-'0 a little fool. Aud think of the glory ! P.-stcra with yonr name in letters a foot and a half long — ' The People's Favorite.' Why, don't tlicy applaud you till their hands drop off'/" Mie melted a tittle. "Applaud! As if that did any good. And mc iu tights !" "As for tho tights," Joe replied with dignity, " tho only person whom yon need con- sult is your husband. And since I do not ob ject, I should llko to sco the man who docs. Show me that man, 'Lotty, ami I'll straighten him. out for you. You havo my approval, my dear. honor you l'er the tights."' " M\ liusbaud'a approval," sho repeated his words again in a manner which had boon on other occasions most irritating to him, hut to night ho rofuacd to ho offended. " Of courso," ho wont or, " as soon as I get a berth- again I shall tako you off tho boards. It iB tho husband's greatest delight, especially if ho ia a jolly sailor, to bravo all dangers for Mo wife. Think, Lotty, how jolly it would be not to do any moro work." " I should liko to sing sometimes, to sing good music, at tho groat concert y That's what I thought I was going tr do." " You shall, you shall Bing as little or as often as you liko— a sailor's wife, a sailor's star should bo. You shall bo a groat lady, Lotty, and you shall juBt command your own line. Waits bit and you shall havo your own oarriago nnd your own beautiful liousp, and go to as many balls as you tike among the \- countesses and tho swells." " Oh, Joe !" she laughed, " why whatever wo did, if we were as rich as anything, I should nover got ladies to call upon mc, and aB for you, no ono would ever take yon to he a gentleman, yon know." " Why, what do yon call mo now ?" Ho laughed, but without much enjoyment. No one likes to bo told that ha is not n gentle man, whatever his own suspicions on. the sub- ' ject inay he. . " Never mind. I know a gonUeman when I seo one. Go on, with your nonsense about being rich."' . I shall make you rich, Lotty, whothcr yon 'liko it. or not;" ho said, still with unwonted sweetness. Sho shook her head. " Not by wickedness," she said stoutly. " Pvo got hero" — ho pulled a bundlo of papers out of his pocket — " all the documents to complete tho case. There's tho certificates of the marriages wanted ; tlie baptism wanted ; and tho death wanted. There's all tho cor respondence ; theie's the youthful portrait ; hang me, if the lady could ba more complete. All I wants is for the rightful heiress to step forward." " I'm not the woman to step forward) Joo ; so don't you think it." " I've been to-day," Joe continued, " to Doctor's Commons, nnd I've seen tho will. There's no manner of doubt in it and the money. Oh ! lord, Lotty, if you only knew how much it is !" " What does it matter,' Joe, how mueh it is, if it iB neither y omra nor mine . "It matters this : that it ought nil- to bo mine." "How can that ho, if it was not left to you?" Joo was nothing if not a man of resource. This means,, among other things, the cultiva tion of lying ns a fine art. He therefore re plied without hesitation or confaBion. " Tho monoy was left to a cortain man, and to his heirs. That man is dead. His heir should havo snccaedcd, but bIio wsb kept out oi her rights. Sho is dead, and I am her cousin, and entitled to nil her property, be cause sho mado no will," " Ia that gospel truth, Joo ? Is sho dead ? " " She is," ho replied. " 1s that tho way you got the papers ? " "That's the way, Lotty. How elso could I hare got them ? " " The a why not go to a lawyer and xnuko hua tako up the case?" ' You don't know law, or you wouldn't talk nonsense about lawyers, Lotty. There are two ways. One is to go .myself to tho present unlawful possessor and claim the whole. > It's a woman. She would ' bn certain to refuse, and then wc shonid go to lnw, and very likely lose it, although, the right is on our. side. . The other way is for someone — say you to go -to her and Bay, ' I am that man's daughter. Here are my proofs. Here are all his papers. Givo me back my own.' That you could do in the interests of justice,, though.I own it is not the exact truth." " And ii she refuses, then ?." " She can't refnso .with the mau's daughter . actually standing before her. She might make a fuss for a bit. But she would havo to givo in at last." "Joo, consider. You havo got some papers, whatever they may contain; Suppose that it is all true that you havo told me i" "Lotty, my dear, when did I ever tell you an untruth t" " When did you over tell mo the truth, my dear ? Don't talk wild. Suppose it is all true, how aro you going to make out whero your heiress has been nil this timo, and what she has been doing V "Trust me for that." "I trust you for making up sometMng or other, but, oh Joo, you tittle think, you clover pe ople, how seldom you succeed in deceiving anyone." " I've got such a story for you, Lotty, as would deceive anybody. Listen now. IFb part trntli and part tlio other thing. Your fntli :r — " " My father, poor dear man," 3 .otty inter rupted " in minding Ms music Hliop in Glouces ter ; and little thinking what wickedness his daughter is being naked to do." " Hang it— tlio girl's father, then. Ho died whon you wero a littlo thing. Ho died in America, where ho went under another name, and you were picked up by eti angora and reared under that name, in complete ignorance of yonr own family. AU that is true and can be proved." ' ' Whobrought her up ?' ' " People in America — I'm one of cm." "Who ir to prove that?" " I am, I am come to England en pu'rposo. I am her guardian." "Who is to prove that you aro tho girl'e guardian?" " I shall find somobody to provo that." His thoughts turned to Mi . Chalker, a gentleman whom ho judged capnilo of proving anything he was paid for. " And suppose thoy ask mo questions ?" " Answer 'em. Yon know very littlo. Tho papers were only found tho other day. You are not expected to know anything." " Whero was tho rcol girl ?" "With her grandfather." "Whero was tho grandfather'!" " What doeH that matter ?" ho replied ; I will t ill you afterwards." " When did tlio roal girl dio ?" " That, too, I will tell you afterwards." Lotty leaned her cheek upon lior hand and looked at her husband thoughtfully. J'Let us he plain, Joo," : " Yon can never bo plain, , phod with tho smilo of a Iovor, not a hURbanrf t Never m your husband's eyes; not But she was not to bo won by flattcrv 1' Ino words,'7 sho said « n,- , What do they amount to? oil, Joe littKT thought when you camo along wlthy0i ' beautiful promises, what sort of a man I going to marry. a waa "A) very good sort of a man," he 'said You ve got a jolly sailor— an officer aJ ' Bay to'thU ?" you gokto He drew himself up to Ms full height.. Wei! imMt 3 " fellow, there was no dcnyl " Cxx? uIooka. ani fiae wor<V' ids wife wait on. Woll, and now I've got to keop you,, if you could mako mo sing in a dozen halls every night yon would, and spend tho money hy yourself — joyfully you would," "Wo would spend it together, my dear Don't turn ru- >.y, Lotty." ' He was not a bad tempered man, and this Umd"i talk di l not anger him at all, Sob-m as lii i wifo worked hard and brought in th« com for him to -pond what mattered a few words. Besides Iiu wanted her assistance. " 'What arc you aiming at?" he went on I show you a bit of my hand, and you bean talking round nnd rouud. Look hi re, Lotty what signifies the fow littlo rows we've find? Here's a splendid chnnco for ns. I must havo a woman's help. If you can sec your way, whv I would, rathor have your help than any other woman a— yes, than any other woman's in tho world— I would, indeed. There now, I've novcr said sa mnch to any woman before. If you won't help mc, why then of conrse I must go to some other woman." : His wifo gapped and choked. The woman knew how bad a man he was, how nnscrnpn. Ions, false and treacherous, how lazy and selfish. But, after a fashion, she loved him after a woman's fashion, she was madly jealous of him. Another woman? Only tile other night sho had seen him giving "brandy and soda to ono of the music hall ballet girls— another woman ? - "If you do, Joo," she said, " Oh, if you do I will kill her — you too." 1 He laughed. " If I do, my dear, you don't think I shall bo such a fool as to .tell you who she is and where she lives. Do you suppose that no woman has over fallen in love with me before you ? But then, my pretty, you see I don't talk about them, aud do you suppose— oh, Lotty, do you suppoeo that you aro tho first girl- 1 ever fell'in love with J" ' "What do you want me to do? Tell' mo again." "I have tcld you already. I want you to . becomo for tho time the daughter of tho man who died in America ; you will claim your in heritance ; I. will provide you with all tho papers ; I will stand by you ; I will back you up with such a story as will disarm all sus picion. That is all." " Yes, I understand. Haven't people been sent to prison for less, Joe ?" ' " Foolish people have ; not people who are well advised and uadcr good management. Mind' yon, this business is under my direction, I am boss." She made no reply, but took her candle and went off to bed. In the dead of night sho awakened her husband, " Joe," Bhc said, " is it true that you know another girl who would do this for you " More -than one, Lotty," ho replied, this man of resources, although ho was only half awake! " More than one. Half a dozen I know, at least." She was silent. Half an hour afterwards she woke him up again. " Joe," she said, '.' I've made up my mind ; you shan't say that I refused to do for yea what nnothor girl would have done. Be true to : me, and there's nothing.in the wholo world I won't do for you." .As a tempter it will bo seen that Joe was unsurpassed. It was now a week sinco he had recoiveJ, carefully wrapped in wool and de posited in a wooden box despatched by post, a key, newly mado ; very nearly a week sinco he had used that key. It was during Mr. Emblem's honr for tea, wMIe James waited and watched outside in an agony of terror. But ho didu't find what he wanted. There were in the safe one or two ledgers, a banker's book, a cheque book, a smalt quantity :of money. But there wero not any records at all of moneys invested. There wore no rail way certificates, waterworks transfers or notes of Bharos and mortgages, loans or anything at all. Tlio only thing that he saw was a relief papers tied up with red tape. On the roll was written, "For Iris. To be given to her on her twenty-first Hrthday." "What the deuce id this, I wonder?" Joe took this out and looked at it auspiciously. " Can ho ho going to give her all his money before ho dies ? Is ho going to make her ia- horit at once?" The thought was so exas perating that lie slr.ppod tlio roll into his pocket. " At ail events," he said, "she slant havo tlum until I havo read them firs'. I dare say they won't he missed for a day or two." Ho calculated that ho could read and master tho contents that night, and put back the papcra in tho safo in the morning while Janus was opening tho shop. " There's nothing. James," he whispered, as ho went out, the safe being locked again; nothing at all. " L.-.k here, my lad, you miwt try another way of finding out where tho monoy ia." i "I wish I was sure that ho Iiaan t- carried off somo of it in his pocket," James mur mured. Joo spent the wholo morning alone, con trary to his usual practice, wMch was to spend it at a certain music hall, as will be presently Been. Ho real the papers over and over again. "I wish," ho said at length, 'I "J8® I had ki-vwr. this two months ago, I wisn I had paid moro attention to Iris, tv hat a tiling it is to havo a grandfather who keeps secrets from Ma grandson !_ What a game w might havo had over this job ! What a ca wo might have still if — " ... „ And hero he stopped, for the first germ.cc conception of a magnificent coup dnwnj-d ope him, and fairly dazzled him, so that his eyeii saw a bright light i.ud nothing vise, "It will do," lie said, presently, it will if tho old man docs not know tho ox.ict con tents of tlio papers. He road ovor ag. Eobort Aglcn'B lost letter, " If ho I,',a"u"Q moro wo should bo safe, Jio suidj « there would bo no public tnllc about ; J nothing sniil iu tho beastly nothing to conu set the woman who has got mo rtywith Hio girl who ought to have it. ffSds can only bo pulled oil— or only half, mjUoll off— I'm ma- mon" Ho was of sauguino temperament, and ho ' ,, wod bhnscif for tho next half hour or bo U tho pleaBUroB which the world lma to ®jrcr— in imagination. A good many ho knew ftromlv but somo of them only in their rougher shapes, What if by a bold and asnoe coup ho could mako himaelf master of afortuao and havo all within liia grasp? lV/iy it is tho commoncnt dream in tho world. .Thousands of men are always think- . j\ Iiow it would bo if they wero Buddonly and largely mado rich. To men of Jo'o Jtlmher'a temperament it is the ono dream which makes lifo endurable, which else would lc a long chain of disappointment. Then ho felt cold anil shivered because he would want a girl to help him. " If Lotty would," he said. " But I am afraid die won't hoar of it." H sprang to his feet, ,.nd" caught sight of hia own faco in the looking, class over tho fireplace. _ Ho smiled. " I Will try," bo said ; " I think I know by this llmo, how to git round most of 'em. Once lioy'get to fool there nro no other women in lha world bccMes thoinsclvea they're pretty cny worked. ' I will try." One has only to add to tho revolationa already made that Joo paid a visit to the shop I 'ly 'n hi10 morning. The shutters irore down, .Tames was going about witb that remarkable watering pot only used in shopB, pith n little stream running out of it, and Mr. Emblem was slowly . -having and dressing in lib bedroom. He walked in, nodded to his friend tho. assistant, oprned the safo and put Jack a roll. It was inscribed, " Tor Iris. To bo given her on hor twenty-first birthday." " Now," lie said to himself, " If the old man has really been such a dunder- headed pump as not to open tho paoket all these years, what the devil can he .know ? The name is different ho hasn't got any oluo to tho will ; ho hasn't got tho certificate of his danghtor's mftrrifgo or of tho child'B baptism— both in the real sumo. Tho only question is whether I shall bo the lady's consin, or her lover, or her guardian, Better hor guardian, I think ; it looks brotkorly. As for Iris having the right Christian name, that's nothing, I suppose there is more than ono woman with such tf fool of a nam o as that about in the world. 'Tory," he said cheerfully, " havo you found anything yet about tho investments ? Odd, isn't it ? Nothing in tho safe at all. You can havo your key back . ' He tossed him tho key carolessly and wont away. The question of his grandfather swing., was grown insignificant beside this grcafand splendid prize which lay waiting for him. What cou'd tho savings ho? At beat a tew thousand., ; tho slowly saved thrift of fifty years ; nobody knew better than Joo himself how much his own profligacies had cost his grandfather ; a few thousands and (hose settled on his consin Iris, so that, to got his Bliarc, ho would lmvo to try every kind of persuasion unless lit could get up a cms for law, bec..nse he knew very well Iris rcgardod him with prejudice inspired by her grandfather. Bnt tho other thing, why it was nil personal estate so far as ho could loam by the will, and ho had rend it over and over again in the room with tho long tablo in at Somerset Ilonse. What a shame, he thought, not to let wills bo copied. It was sworn tinder £120, vOO nil iu 3 per cents, and jvai devised t n certain young lady, tho testator's ward, in trnst for tho testator's Boa or Iiis heira when he or they should present themselves. Meantime, the ward was to receive for her own nso and benefit year by year tho whole income. " It Is .unfortunate," said Joe, "that wo can't Come down upon her for arrears. Still, there's an income, a steady income, of £.3000 a year iriion tho son's hcira present themselves. I should like to call myself the solicitor, but that kilo won't fly. Lotty must be the sclo hoireas, Dressed quietly, without any powder and her friuge brushed fiat, sho'd pass for a lady anywhere. Perhaps its lucky, nftor all, that I married hor, though if I had had the good sense to make up to Iris, who's a deuced sight prettier, she'd liavo kept mo going almost a well with licr pnpils and then this magnificent haul for tho finish. If only tho old man hasn't broken the seals and read tho papers ?" The old man had not, and Joo's fear's were, therefore . groundless. Chapter V, — As a Brother, Baring the next fortnight Arnold used the' privilege accorded to him- with a large and liberal interpretation. If, ho argned, a man Is heated aa a brother thoro shonld be 'tho ox- change of Christian names, and he shonld bo allowed to call often. Naturally bo began by jrymg to read the socrot of a lifo so strange to uis exporiencn, "Is this, Iria," he asked, "all- your life ? Is thorc nothing more ? ' "No," she said, " I think you havo seen all. In the morning I havo my correspondence ; in- the afternoon I do my sowing, I play, I read I walk, sometimes by myBelf and sometimes with Labi Hoy ; in the evening I play or read or work at mathematics, while my father and I.ala Roy have their chess ; and at ton I go to. bed. That is ail my lifo." " But, Iiis, have you no friends, no relations ? , r tucro no girls of your own age who come see you';" . 'No, not ono ; I havo a cousin, but be is not a good man. His father and mother are ju Australia. When ho comes horc, which a very seldom, my grandfather falls ill with inking about 'him. ButI havo no other rela tions because I do not know who my father's reoph were" I'"-". Iris," said Arnold, "you may bo a countess iu your own right ; you may havo y miuihor of rich people and nice people for that''"0111""9' you not S001et'mc3 think of n: "I novor think about turngs impossible," I were you I wonld go about thostroots j., , : "'"id tho picture galleries looking Inc. t .co my own. Lot mo draw your p ' 3| and then wo will send it to the IvVVCtlor.r'nJ 'nbol it, "Wanted, this young c.-mn C;P"1''' krou must liavo cousins, if you ® d o„ly find them out." .,-,7 "Tpnso I must. But what if they aro »J,ehnad disagreeable people?" j,. ol!.r cousins could not he disagreeable, said Arnold. a J? ahook her head, ii lnc?,i Vi'n® nhould like," she replied. "It clsve- i niy coll9ius, if I lir.vo any, wore IttsatVif0'' ' nstronomora, mathematicians, " v»t philosophers. But what nonsonsoltis e«entfimn l Meh «"»B» f I am quite alone, ?! C Vywudfather.Rnd Lain Hoy." ««n . ,y ?rc o'M,marmurcd Arnold. 'the Sri "" !« nt m? with ,!lloh pity," bb id I am very happy. I havo my co- SH» am independent j I have my .studies to fill.my mind ; and I have thoso two old gentlemen to care for. They have taken ko much care of me that I ought to think of nothing else, and then there aro all tho books downstairs— thousands of beautiful old books witlun my reach." "But you must havo somo companions, if only to talk and walk with." "Why thoy aro my companions. Lala Roy goes for walks with mo, and as for talkie », It Is much more pleasunt to think," " Whoro do you walk ?" Thoro is Battorsoa Bark ; there nro tho tquareB, and if you take an umnlbus, there aro tho Gardens and Hyde Park." " But novor alone, Iris ?'' " Oh 1 yes, I am often alone. Why, not?" I suppose," oaid Arnold, "that it is your, work which keeps you from feeling life dull and monotonous," "No life," aim snid, looking as wiso as Newton, if Newton wus over young, "No lifo can be dull when one is thinking about mathematics all day. Do yon study mathe- ' matic3 '.'m0' nevor . I was at Oxford, you know." " Then, perhnps, you profor metaphysics ?" I hough Lala Roy says that the truo meta physics, which he has tried to teach me, can only ho reached by tho Hindoo intel lect. "No, indeed, I havo never -read any meta physics whatever, I have only got the English intelioct." This he said with intent satirical, but Iris failed to understand it so, and thought It was meant in humility. " Physical seienoe, perhaps," "No, Iris. Philosophy, mathematics, physics, metaphysics or Bcience of any kind, liavo I never loarnod, oxcopt only tho Bcience of heraldry, which you have taught me, with a few other things," " Oh !" She wondered how a mail could exjst at all without learning some of tLaso things. " Not any science at all ? How can anyone live without some sclenco ?" "I knew very well," ho said, "that as soon as I was found out I should bo despised." " Oh, no — not despised. But it seems such a pity." "There is another kind of life, Iris, which yon do nut know. You must let me teach yon? it is the life of art. Thoro are many different kinds dflifojnnd all of them seem 'somewhow to satisfy poople. There is the kind whioh does nothing bnt seek amusement. It is a very hard lifo ; there are all the various forms of art, overy one of which has its fol lowers, who do nothing else ; thoro is the Ufa of philosophy and soience which you havo been taught to admire; there aro also the various ways of making monoy, or of getting the daily bread. If yon wouldonly condescend to show the least curiosity about me, Iris, I would try to show you something of tho art life." . "How can I show cariosity aboat you, Arnold .' I feel none." " No ; that is just tho thing which shames me. I havo felt the most lively curiosity about you, gnd I havo asked you thousands of impertinent questions." " Not impertinent, Arnold. If yon wish to ask any more, pray do. I dare say you cannot understand my B-'mple lifo," " And you ask me nothing at all about my self. It isn't fair, Iris." " Why should I ? I know yon already," " You know nothing at aU about me." " Oh, yes ; I know you very well indeed. I know you before you came hero. You showed me yoursolf in your lottera. You are exactly like the portrait I drow of you. I never though \ lot instance, that you wero an old gentleman, as you thought me." He laughed. It was no new thing to sec Iris using over so gently the weapons- of satire. " But you do not know what 1 am, or what is my profe -'-m or anything at all about me." " No, I do not care to know. AU that is not part of yourself ; it is outsido you." "And because you thought you knew mo from those letters, you suffer we to come here and bo your disciple still. You gave me hack my letters." " That was boeauso they wero written to me under a wrong impression." "WU1 you have tliom back again ?" She shook her head, "I know them all by heart," she said simply. There was not tho slightest sign of coquetry or flattery in hor Toico, or.in her eyes, which met his look with clear and steady gazo. "I cannot ask you to read my portrait to mo as you drew it from those pictures." "Why not?" She read him his portrait as readily as if bIic were stating tho conclusion of a problem, , ",I saw that you wero young and fuU of generous thoughts ; sometimes yon wero in dignant with things a3 thoy are, but generally you laughed at thorn and ncceptcu them, It is, it seems, "the nature of your friends to laugh a great deal at thing ' which they ought to remedy if thoy could, noi laugh at them. I perceived that you had a g.eat desire to know and understand, but I found that you wero disposed to bo indolent. I thought that you wanted somo strong stimnlua to work. Any body could see that you wore a men of kindly nature and good breeding. You were careful not'to offond by anything that yon wrote. And I was certain that you wero a mnn of honor— which decided mo when I invited yon to call. I trusted you, Arnold, before I saw your face, becausel knew yonr soul." . . " Trust mo Bllll, Iris," ho said, in rather a husky voice. . "Of course I did not know, and never thought, what sort of a man you wero to look at Yet I ought to havo known that you wrre handsome. iBhould havo .guessed that from the vory tone of yonr loltors. A hunch back or a cripplo uould not havo written in so light-hearted a strain and I should havo dis covered, if I had thought of such a thing, tlint vou wore very well satisfied with your per sonal appearance. Young men should always be that at least, if only to givo ono eonfi- d"COh ! Iria— eh I Do you really think iho concoitod!" » I did not say that. I only Bald that you were satisfied with yoursolf. That, I under stand now, was clear from many little natural touclio3 fn.your lottoru." " What elso did you learn r " Ob a great doal— much more than I can toll you. I know that yon go into society, and I lciirncd from you what poaoty means, and though you tneci to he sarcastic I -understood easily that yon like social pleasures." " tVac I sarcastic ?" " Wa i it not sarcastio to toll mo :how tho ladios wiio affect so tnuoh enthusiasm for art go to soe tho gallories on tho private .vlow day and aro never seen in them again ? Was it not sarcastio — " " Spare me, Iris. I will never do it again. And knowing su much, do you not desire to know more ?" " No, Arnold. I am not interested in any. thuig elae," "But my position, my profession, my people — are yon not curious to know them ?" "No ; thoy are not yon. They are acci dents of yourself." " Philosopher ! But you must know more about lac. I told you I was an artist ; but you have never inquired whether lam a great artist or a little one." "You ore a little artist," she said; "but perhaps you may become-great when you learn to work seriously." " I have boen lazy,' ho replied, with some thing like a blush. ' But that is all oyer now. I am going to work. I will givo up society. I will take my profession seriously —If only you will encourage me." Did ho moan what he said ? When he came away he used at this period to ask himself that question, and was astonished at the length he had gone. With any othor girl in the world ho would have been taken at his word, and cither encouraged to go on or snnbbod on the spot. But Iris received these advances as if they were a confession of weakness, " Why do you want me to encourage you?" she asked. "I know nothing about art. I nevor go to exhibitions, and I do not even know what goes to make a great artist, Can't you encourage youself, Arnold ?" "Do you never aBk yourself, Iris, or want to know, who I am ?" Thiu want of cariosity piqued him. Bvery other girl in the world that he had evor met proceeded on tho method of cantions reserve until it was clearly ascer tained Who and what he was and what were his prospects, "I have told you already. I know all I want to know." " But I want you to.know more. Will you listen if I tell you?" "If you wish to tell mo, yes." " Well then, .1 am the son of a clergyman who now holds a colonial appointment. I havo got tho usual number of brothers and slaters, who are doing the usual things. I will not bore you with dotails about them." " No," said Iris, " pleaso do not." "I am, howovor, more free to follow my owrffiievice3, because I nm the adopted son, or ward, or whatevor you pleaso, of a cortain cousin. Hor name is Clara Holland, and Bho iB a single lady with a groat income, which she promises to beqnenth to me in tho future. In the moantime I am to havo whatovor I want. Do you understand the position, Iris >" " Yos, I think so. It is interesting, because it shows why you will novor he a great artist. And it is vory sad." "A man may riso abovo tho conditions, v Iris," mid Arnold meekly. "No," she went on, "it iB only tho poor mon who do anything good, Lala Roy says so." " I will pretend to be poor. Indeed, I am poor. I have nothing. If it were not for my consin I would not oven profess to follow art, I should have boen oblighed to work for my living, like my brothers, I could not even have gone to Oxford ; 1 should, perhaps, have becomo a mere clerk." " What a pity," she said, " that you are rich. Lola Roy was rich osce." Arnold repressed an iuolination to desire that Lala Roy might be kept oat of tho con versation. " But he g&vo; up all his wealth and haB been happy, and a philosopher evorainco." "I can't give up my wealth, Irio, because I haven't got any. I owo my cousin everything. But for her I should never ovon havo known you, because I should novor have come to you for lessons in heraldry." Ho watched hor at hor work in the morning when she sat patiently answering questions, working out problems, and making papers. Sho showod him the letters of hor pupils, exact ing, excusing, petulant, sometimes dissatinllc-d and ovon ill tempered. Ho watched in the aftornoon while sbo sowed or read. In tho evening lie sat willi her, while tho tWo old men played their gnmo of chos3. Regularly every evening nt half-past nine the Bengalco checkmated Mr. Bmblom. ITp to that hour ho amused himsolf with his opponent, formed ingenious combinations, wntchod openings, and gradually cloared tho board until ho found himBelf, as tho hour of half-past nine drew near, able to propose a prublem to his own mind, "whito moves firat to mato iu threo, four or Ovo moves," thou ho proccoded to solve that problem and check mated his adversary. No one, not even Iris, know how Lala Roy lived or what ho did in tho daytimo. It was rumored that ho had bean seen at Simpson's in the Strand, but this report wanted confirmation. He had lived in Mr. Emblem's second iloor for twenty yoare, and had always paid his hills with regularity, and his long spare figure and white moustache and for. were as well known in Chelsea as any figure among the old vetorans of tho hospital. " It is quiet for you in the evenings," says Arnold. " I ploy to them sometimes. They liko to hoar me ploy during the gamo. Look at them." She sat down and played. She had a deli- cato touch, and played soft music ouch as soothes, not excites, tho soul. Arnold watched her, not tho old man. What did it mean ? How could sucli a girl have been produced from such a place ? How was it that refine ment, grace, self possession, manners -and the culture of a lady could ho found in ono who knew no ladic3 ? But then .Arnold did not know Lola Roy, nor did ho understand tho old bookseller. "You are always wondering about mo," she. said, talking while site played "I see it in yonr eyes. Can you not tako mo OS I am, without thinking why I am so difforent from othor girls V "I wish thoy wero all liko you," he said. "No— that would bo a great pity. You want the girls, who understand your own life, and can enter into your pursuits ; you want companions, who can talk to you. Go bark to thom, Arnold, a3 soon as you are tired of coming here." And yot his instinct was right, which told him that tho girl wa3 not a coquette. She hod rio' thought; not the least thought as yot, That any thing was possible, boyoud tho exist- ing friendship. It was pleasant she thought, ibut Arnold would get tired of hor, and go 'hack to his own poople. Ho would remain in hor memory as a study of character. Thiu olio did _ not exactly forinnlatc, but sho had .that feeling. Every woman makes a study of character about every man in whom she be comes a little interested. Wo must not got conceited, my brothers, over this faet. Tho converse dues not hold tree. Vory few men over study tho character of a woman at all. Hither tlicy fall in love with her bo- fore they have had timo to mako moro than a sketch, or they do not, and in tho latter case it hardly seems worth whilo to follow a first roagh draft. " Check mato," said Lala Roy. The gamo was finished and tho ovening over. " Would you liko," he said another ovening, " to see my studio; or do you consider my Btudio outsido myself ?" " I should very much liko to see an artisf s studio, " she replied with hor usual franlmoss, leaving it aa open question whethor sho would not be equally pleased to see any other E'.udio, Sho camo, however, accompanied by Lala Roy. who had novor boon in a studio before, nor indeed ever looked at a picture, oxcopt with tie contemptuous glanoo which tho philosopli si bestows upon tho follies of man kind. Yot he camo, because Iris asked him, Arnold's studio Is ono of tho emallost of thoco in the Btroet. Of courso it is bnilt of red brick, and of courso it lias a nobio otai-caso and a beautiful studio all sot about with bit3 of tapestry, armor, pictures and china, bo- sides tho tools and propertios of the croft, Ho had portfolics full of sketches, against tho wall Btood pictures finished nnd unfinished, and on ono easo' was a half painted picture representing a group taken from a modern novol. M .st paint: rs only know two novols, tho Yicar of Woliefiold and Don Quixote, but Arnold know moro. Tho central figure was a girl, quite unfinished, in fact, barely sketched in. Iris looked at everything witb tho into: ist whioh belongs to the now and ttnoxpoc ;od. "This is a studio," she said. "I thought a studio was a kind of skylight placo in tho roof." "Yet you soe," Baid A mold. Then lie began to show tho pictures iu tho portfolio. There werosketohes of poasai.tlifo in Norway, Ger many and the Tyrol ; thoro wero landiscnpos, qucint old houses and castles ; there woreships and port - ; there were bonds, caricatures and grotcsquis — Arnold drow everything. "I said you migl t be a gn at artist," sail Iris. " I am sure now that yon will bo." " Thank j ou, Irio. It is tho greatest com pliment you could pay me," " Aud what is this ?" Sho was hofore tho easel on which stood tile unfinished picture. " It is a stone from a novol, but I cannot got the principal faco. None of tho models ore good enough. I want a beautiful faco, a serious faco, a faco with deop truthful eyes, Iris " — it was a Buddou impnlsi , an inspiration — "Lot mo put your fao- there, Givo mo my first commissio:.,"' She blushed deeply. All tliooo .Ira wings, tho multitudinous faces and heads aud figures in tho portfolio, wore a revelation to her. And just at this vory moment, when sho discovered that Arnold was ono of till.... who worship beauty — a thing sho had nor or before under stood—ho told her this, almost in so many words, that hor faco was so beautiful that ho must put it in iiis picture. " Oli, Arnold," Bho eaid, " my face wonld he oat of placo in that pictnrs." " Would it ? Pleaso sit down and let me mako a Bkotch." Ho seized his crayons and began rapidly. "What do you say, Lala Roy?" he asked, by way of c: '.version. "Tho gifts of tho understanding," said the sage, "are tho treasures of tho Lord, and He appointoth to cvoryoue his portion." " Thank yon," replied Arnold. " Very truo and vory apt, I'm sure. Iris, pleaso, youv fact turnod just a littlo. So— ah 1 If I can but do somo measure of justice to your eyes." When Iris went away there was for tlie first time tlie least touch of restraint or self con sciousness in her. Arnold felt it. Sho showed it in her eyes and in tlie touch of her fingers when ho took hor hand at parting. It was then for tho first timo also that Arnold dis cover id a truth of overwhelming importance. Ever / new fact wliich cannot bo disputed or denied is, we all know, of tho most on, rmooa importance. Ho discovered no less a truth than that ho was in lovo with Iris. So im portant i3 this truth to a young man that it reduces tho countloss myriads of tho world to a ainglo pair, himself and anothor ; converts tho most arid waste of streets into an Edon ; destroys for tho time filial piuty, friendship and patriotism, and bliads tbo oyos to ambi tion, riches and success, Ho sat down and ronsonod it out. He said coldly aud "squarely," "this it a girl whom I have known only a fortnight ; i he is not a lady ; sho livos over a secondhand bookshop ; her people aro in small trado ; sho la a toacher by profession ; she knows none of tlie ways of society ; sho would doubtless bo guilty of all lands of qneer things ; probably slio would never learn our manners," with moro to tho same effect, equally prejudiced and unfair that may be' reasonably omitted, Than his conscience woko up and began to answer him, and oaid quite simply, " Arnold, you are a liar." Con science docs sometimes call hard namos. Sho is feminine and therefore privileged to call hard names. Elso we should sometimes kick and belabor conscience. "Arnold, don't tell morclios. Youliave been gradually learning to know Iris through tho wisest and sweetest letters that wero over written, for a wholo year. You did. iu fact, evor sinco you ber-au to interlard your letters witb conceited revelations abont yourself nnd would bo wise sayings about things in general. You know hor Is he sympathetic, quick, and of a most kind and tender heart. Y ou are quite sure, though you try to disguise the fact, that she is as .honest as tho day and as trno as steel. As for hor not being a lady, you ought to bo ashamed ,of yourself for even thinking such a thing. Has she not been tenderly brought up by two ohVmon who aro full of honor and truth and all the simple virtuoa? Is alio not instructed in the accomplishments and tho knowledge that go to mako a lady ? Does sho not look, move and speak liko the most gracious iady in the land ? " "Like a goddess," Arnold confessed. "As for the ways aud talk of society, what are these worth ? and cannot thoy he acquired ; aud what aro her manners save those of tho most perfect rofiuemont and purity ? " Thus far conscience, wlion Arnold or Arnold's secret advocatus diaboli began upon another and qnito different line, "Sho must havo sohomrd at tho ontcot to . got me into her not ; sho is a Biron ; sho as- . sumes innoccnco and igi.ornnco tho better to. beguilo and to dccoivo. Sho has gona homo to-day olatod because she thinks she bos landod a gcntlomau." Conscionco said nothing ; thoro aro some things to which conscience has no reply In . words to offer ; yot conscionco pointed to tbo protrait of tho girl, and I' ado tlie most un worthy of all lovers look upon even Ills own poor representation of hor eyes and faco and ask whether such blasphemies could evor be forgiven. After this self abasement, the young man felt happier. Henry the Second had mueb the same feeling f.ftor his scourging by tho monks, CiupTun "VX— Cotram CJlaba. That man who spends his days in painting a girl's portrait, in talking to hor, and in gat ing upon the unfinished portrait when she is not with him, and occupies his thoughts dar ing tho watohos of tho nigbt iu thinking about her, is perilously near to taking tbo last aud fatal step, Elight for Bach a man 1s tho only thing loft, and they i seldom think of flight until it is too late. Yet it is not only tho one oure ; it is t io infallible care. It is a grand elixir ; it is i: certain specific. Arnold was at this point. " I am possessed - by this girl," ho might havo said, bad ho put bis thoughts into words. " I am haunted by her eyes ; her voioo lingers on uiy oars ; I dream of her face ; tho touch of her fingers is liko the touch of an olectric battery.1' What B '.iptoms are those — so common that one b s hamed to write them — but the infallible symptoms of lovo ? .And yet bo hesitated, noi b icauso he doubtod himsolf any longer, but beciuso ho was not indopendont, and snob an engagement wonld deprive him at ono strain of all that lie possessed. Yes ; the now ana beautiful studio — all tbo things in it, all hia prospects for tho future— would have to bo givon up. " Sho is worth more than that, said Arnold- — " and I should find work some how — but jet, to plungo her into poverty, and to make Clara the mot unhappy of women !" Tho reason wliy CLra would bo mado the most unhappy of wo uen was that Clara was liiB cousin and his benofactor, guardian or patron, to whom ho owed everything. She was tb 3 kindest of patrons, nnd she liked no thing so much os the lavishing upon her ward O' ry thing that he could desire. But ahe also unfortunately illustrated tho truth of Chau cer's teaching in that sho loved power mer.a than anything elao, and had inappcil out .'Ar nold's lifo for him. I be knew what the plan was : nnd ho knew h - n she wonld resent ouy deviation from the path laid down for him. It was his custom to call upon her daily, tc use hor house as his own. Ho had a room in it called his own : wlion thoy were separated thoy wroto to each othi r every day -. the rela. tions between thom were of the most intimatis and affectionate kind : he advised in all has affairs, while she directed Ills : it was under stood that he was hor heir, and though Bhe was not more th;.-: fire nnd forty or so, and hod apparently t. Long life still before her, so that tho succession was distant, the prospect gave him importance. She was out of town, and perhaps tho fact of a now acquaintance with so obscure a person as a simple tutor by corres pondence seemed to Arnold not -worth men tioning. At aU events he had not montioned it in his daily letters. And now sire was coming home; sho was actually arrived, he would see l.cr that even ing. Her last letter was lying before him. "I parted from dear Stella yesterday, Sho goes to stay with the Essex Mainwaring3 for a month. Aftor tlia' I hope that sho will givo me a long visit. I u not know where one conld find a Bwceter girl, or ono moro eminently cal culated to mako a man happy. Beautiful, strictly speaking, Bhe is not, perhaps, bnt of excellent connections, not without a portion, young, clever and ambitious. With such a wife, my dear Arnold, a man may aspire to . anything." " To anything," repeated Arnold, " what is her notion of anything ? She has arrived by this timo," He looked at hia watch and found it was past five, " I ought to have been at the station -to meet her. I must go round and see her, nnd I must dino witb her to-night." Ho sighed heavily. "It would bo mach pleasant w to spend the evening witb Iris." Then a carriage stopped at hiB door. It was hie comin, and the next minute ho - was receiving and giving tho Has of wel come, For his own part he felt quito guilty because ho could put so little heart into that kiss compared witb all previous embraces, Sho was a stou'. hearty little woman, who could nover have been in the least beautiful,, even whon she was young. Now on the mid- - - die lino hotweon forty and fifty, sho looked aa if her face bad been ehoppod out of the marble by a rude bi t determined artist ; one w'to j knew what ho wanted and would tolerate no . conventional work. So that lior faco, at -aU - - events, was unique, and unlike any other face one had evor.seen. Most tsae3, we know, can bo reduced to certain general typos — ovan Iris's faco might he -classified — while of yours, . ' my brother, there are multitudes. Sho, how ever, had good. eyes, bright clear grey ; the ' eyes of a woman who knows what she wants . - - and means to get It if rehe can. "Woll,-my dear," sho said, taking the one. " comfortable chair. "I am back ngain and I havo enjoyed my journey vory mnch. Wo will have all tho travels this ovening, and you shall see all my photographs and sketches." "You are looking splendid, Arnold." " I am very woll indeed ; and you, CluraT Bet I need not ask." " No, I am always woll. I told you about dear Stella, did I not ? I never .had a moro j delightful companion." " So glad you liked her." " If only, Arnold, you would like her ioo, ' but I know" — for Arnold changed color— "I . know one must not interfere in these matters. But surely one may go so far with a young . . mnn ono loves as to say, 'Here is a girl of a million. Thoro is not her equal anywhere ;, a , clearer head I rover met, or a hotter educated girl, or ono who knows what a man can. do aud . how.ho can ho helped to do it'.'" " Thank you, Clara," Arnold said coldly, ','JC daresay I ahull discover tho young lady's perl,1' factions." . . . - ' "Not, I think, without somo iiolp.Slio is. not an ordinary girl, .Arnold, . Sho does not..- lay hersolf out to catch moil, .1 1 doubt . whethor marriage is . even contemplated by: SMI 1 1 lien' ' Certainly Bhe is not eager to bo married, 8hd 1b the last girl to parade her accomplish- xna'fits or to display her extraordinary genius, exdeptamong her intimate friends. Yon mast driivl her out, my dear boy." 1\. will," ho said listlessly. "I will try to ii&rf; ner but if you like." ",Wq talked a great doal of you, Arnold," Clara Went on. " I confided to her some of my' hopes and ambitious for you. And I aiiifreo to confess that sho has greatly modi fied all my calculations." '".Oh 1 " Arnold was interested in this. " But, my dear Clara, I havo my profession. I inn'at follow my profession 1" Surely— surely. Listen, Arnold, patiently. Anybody can become an artist— anybody of cojnfsb .who haB tho genius. And all kinds of pdoijld, "gutter peoplo, havo tho gonius." ""YHe sun," Baid Arnold, just as if he had been I-ala Hoy, " shines on all alike." '"Quite so. And thero is an immense en- thuBi/ism for art everywhere, and thero aro all kifid# of'art. But there is no art leader. There is no one man recognised as tho man moat, competent to speak on art of every kind,; That man, when ho is found, mpst go into the Houpo to begin with : he will sway enormous authority, ho will become, if lie has' a wife ablo to assist him, an immense social power " ' And you want me to hecomo that man." ." Yes, Arnold. I do not soo why you should not become that man. Cease to thiuk of j. becoming President of the Royal Academy, yet go on painting ; prove your genius so as to command respect ; cultivato the art of public speaking, and look about for a wife who will Ixx your right band. Think of this seriously. This, is only a rough sketch— we can fill in tho details'afterwards. But think of it. Oh ! my dear boy — if X wero only a man, and fivo awS twenty, with such a chance before mo 1 What a glorious career is yours if you chooso — Jut of course yon will choose— good gracious Arnold, who is that ?" Bhe pointed to the canvas on tho easel where Iris's face was like the tale of Cambriscan, half told. J' lt is no one you know, Clara." " One of your models ' She rose and ox' anginpd it more closely through her glasses, "The eyeB aro wonderful, Arnold. Thoy are eyes- 1 know — as if I could ever forget them — they are the same eyes — exactly tho samo eyes — >1 have ,npver met with any like them be fore— tliey are the eyes of my poor lost, be trayed .Wilfred. Whore did you pick up this girl, Arnold? Is she a common model '' Wjfoti. at all. Sho is a young lady who teaches by correspondence. She is my tutor— of course I have so often told you, who taught mo the sciqpce of heraldry, and wrote such charming letters." /your tutor 1 You said your tutor was an old gentleman." "So I thought, Clara. But I was wrong. Mv tutor is a young lady." ' A young lady ?' She looked snspicionsly at Arnold, whose tell tale check flushed. " A young lady, indeed ! And yon have made hit acquaintance ?" '"As you see, Clara — and she docs me tho honor to let me paint her portrait." What is her name, Arnold "She is a Miss Aglen." '."Strange, Tho Desorcts intermarried with the AglenB. But, a private tutor ! Who are her friends ?' ."She lives with her grandfather. I think her father was a tutor or journalist, but ho is dead ; and her grandfather keeps a second hand bookshop in the King's-road, close by." " A bookshop ! But you said Arnold that she" was a young lady." !'"So Bhe ia Clara," he replied, simply. ."Arnold." For tho first time in his lifo Arnold saw his cousin angry with him. Sho was constantly being angry with other people, but never before had Bhe been angry with him. " Arnold, spare me this nonsense. If yon have been playing with this shop girl I cannot bdp' it, . But do not, to my face, speak of hor asa lady." V I havo not been playing with her I think," Baid Arnold, " I have been very serious with her." 7. . /.'.Everybody nowadays is a young lady. Tho girl who gives you a cup of tea in a shop ; the girjr.wbo. dances, in tho ballet; tho girl who makes your dresses." ..".In. that case, Clara, you need not mind my lay calling Miss Aglen a young lady." " Thero is one word left at least, women of my.slafls.are gentlewomen." . .j'/.MUs Aglen io a gentlewoman." ./'Arnold look mo in the face. My dear bqy, toll me aro you mad ? Oh ) think of my poor. unhappy Wilfred, what be did, and what ho. must have suffered." I know what he did. I do not know what he-suffered. My case, however, is different from his, I am not engaged to anyone." : /'Arnold, think of the groat schemo of life I havamado.out for yon. My dear boy, would yon throw' that away." Sho laid hands upon his arm and looked in his eyes with a pitifnl gaze. He took her hands in his, ; . <"My.dear, every man must shape his life for himself, ior must live out the life shaped for him. by his fate. What if I seo a life moro delightful to mo thnu that of which you dream 5" :" You talk of a delightful lifo, Arnold, I spoke of an honorable career." ' Mino is a life of quiet work and love. Yours, Clara, is one of noisy and troublesome work without love." /'Without love I Arnold you are infatu ated." " She sank into the chair and buried her face in her bauds. First her lorer who had deserted her for the sake of a governess, tho daughter of some London tradesman, and now her adopted son, almoBt the only creature she loved, for whom she had Bchcmed and thought for nearly twenty years, v.-as going to give up everything for tho sake of another governess, also connected with tho commercial interests of the conntry. ," It is very hard, Arnold," the said. " No, don't try.to persuade me. I am getting an old oroman.now, and it is too Into for mc to loarn that' a gentleman can bo happy unless he marries alady. You might as well ask me to look for happiness with a grocer." , ".Not. quite," said Arnold. " It is the same thing. Pray, have yon pro posed to tin's— this young lady, of the second- Band bookshop -" No, I havo r.ot." " Yon are in love with her, however." . "J am, Clara." . ."And you intend to ask her— in the shop, I dare say — to become your wife ?" "That is my intention, Clara." "Wilfred did tho' samo thing. His father remonstrated with' him in Vain. He took his wife to London,' where for n timo ho livod in misery and self reproach—" ' "Do yon know that he reproached him self ?" " I know what must have happened when ho found out his mistako. Thou he went to America, whero ho died — no doubt in despair — although Mb fathor had forgiven him." "Tho esses aro hardly parallel," said Ar nold. " Still, will you permit mo to introduce Mi'sb Aglen to yon, if sho should do mo tho honor of accepting mo ? Be generous, Clara, Do not condemn tho poor girl without seeing her." " I condemn no ono, I judge no one, not even you, Arnold. But I will not receive that young woman." " Very well, Clara." " How shall you live, Arnold ? " she asked coldly. It was the finishing stroke, tho dis missal. "I snpposo wo shall not marry, but of course I am talking as if — " " As if alio was ready to jump into your arms. Go on." " Wo shall not marry until I have mado some kind of a beginning in my work. I have been an amateur too long. Henceforth I shall bo an artist by profession. ' Clara let us have no farther explanation. I understand per fectly well. I expected no less I assure you. But, my dear Clara," he laid his arm upon her nock and kissed her. " I Bhall not let you quarrel with mo. I owe you too much nnd I love you too well. It takes two to make a quarrel, does it not ? Well, I am not going to be one, I am always your most faithful of servants," " No, till you ore married, Then, oh ! Arnold, Arnold." A less strong minded woman would have burst into tears. ' Clara did not. She got into her carriage and drove home. Sho spent a mWorablo eveningahd a -sleepless night. But she did not cry. CHAPTER VTL— ON BArrERSEA-TERiucE. If a woman wore allowed, by great and special favor, to choose any period of her life which she pleased for indefinite prolongation, she would certainly select that period which Ues between tho first perception of the first symptoms when sho begins to understand that a man has begun to lovo hor and.thoday when he tells her so. Some would perhaps include the whole term of courtship up to tho very day. when tho wedding bells do ring— many wives have been heard, to confess , that their happiest time was tho time of courtship. In the ease of sailors, tho firet period is sometimes no more than a quarter of an hour ; nnd tho whole of their courting has been known to havo been accomplished in less than four nnd twenty hours. But landsmen are more de liberate. Yet they forget the little tremors and misgivings ; their self distrust, tho hopes and fears, the doubts and perplexities which trouble this time. For although it is acknow ledged, and had been taught by all philoso phers from King Lemuel and Lao- Iviun down wards, that no greater prizo can bo gained by any man than tho love of a good woman —which is better than a peerage, better than a Bonanza mine, or better than Name and Fame, Kudos and the newspaper paragraph, and Is arrived at by much less exertion, being indeed the special gift of tho gods to those they lovo; yet all women perfectly understand tho other side to this great truth, namely, that no greater happiness can fall to any woman than tho love of a good man. So that, in all the multidudinons and delightful courtships which go on around us and in onr midst, thero is, on both Bides, both with man and with maid, among those who truly reach to the right understanding of what this great thing may mean, a continual distrust of self humility, anxiety and fear.. Now, when, as somtiroes happens, a girl has been . brought np in entire ignorance of iove, so that the thought of it has never entered her head, tho thing itself, when it fails upon her, is overwhelming, and enfolds her as witii a garment from head to foot. Ex cept to her lover Bho becomes as a sealed foun tain. I know not how long tin's season of ex pectation would have lasted for Iris, hut for Arnold's conversation wilh his cousin, which persuaded him to speak and bring matters to a final issnc. . To this girl, living as Becluiicd us if sho was in an oriental Harem, who had never thought of love as a thiug possible for herself, tho consciousness that Arnold lovod her was bewildering and nBtOniehingand sbewaited, knowing that sooner or later something would bo sajd, but trembling for four that it should be said. And Lain Roy for tho first timo found his pupil stupid. Sho seemed to havo lost tho swiftness of intellect which lie had cultivated in her j and, which was another bad sign, sho had lost interest in his science. After all, it was Lala Hoy, and not Clara, who finally determined Arnold to wait no longer. Ho came every day to tho studio with Iris when she sat for her portrait. This was in tho afternoon. But he now got into tlio habit of coming in the morning, and would ait in eiienco looking on, while Arnold pafnted in his back grounds or worked at tho folds of tho dress from a lay model. He came partly because he liked the young man, and partly becauso tho painter b art was new to him, and it amused iiira to watoh a man giving his wbolo timo and intellect to the copying of faces nnd things in canvas. Also, he was well awaro by this timo that it waa not to Beo Mr. Emblem or himself that Arnold spent ovory evening at tho house, and ho was pleased to watch tho progress of an English courtship. In India, wo know they manago matters differently, and so as to give the bridegroom no more troubio than is neces sary, This young man, however, took wonder ful pains and extraordinary tronblc to ptoaso. Therefore, the philosopher sat and looked on, mostly in silence ; or If lie spoko at all, he spoke according to his custom, in maxims, " Do you know Lala Roy," Arnold said one morning after a silence of thrco hours or so, " do you know that this is going to be tho portrait of the most beautiful woman in the world, and tho bcBt " It is well," said the philosopher, " when a young man desires virtue as well as beauty." "You have known her all her life, Don't trouble yourself to speak, Lala. You can nod your head if thero isn't a maxim ready, liaudy. You began lo lodge in the house twenty years ago, and you havo seen her every- day since. If she is not tho best as well as tho most beau tiful girl in the world, you ought to know and can contradict me. Bnt you do know it." " Happy ia tho man," said the sago, " who 'shall call her wifo, happy tho children who gball call h«r mother.'1 " I supposo; Lala," Arnold went on with-an ingenuous blush, "I supposo that you Havo perceived that — that — in fact — I lovo her," Tho philosopher inclined his hoad. " Do yon think— you who know her so well ' — that she suspects or knows it ?" " Tho thoughto of a maiden aro secret thoughts. As well may ono search for the beginnings of a river as inquiro into tho mind of a woman. Their ways aro not our ways, nor are their thoughts ours, nor havo wo wit to understand, nor havo thoy tongno to uttor tho tilings thoy think, I know not whether sho suspects." "Yet. you have had experience Lala Roy." A smile stolo ovor tho Engo's features, " In tho old days, when I was young, I had experience, as all men havo. Yet to mo, as to all others, the thoughts of tho Harem are un known." "Yet, Iris, Bnrely yon know the thoughts of Iris, your pupil." ' - " I know only that her heart is tho abode! of goodness, and that she knows no evil thought.' Young man, beware. Troubio not tho Clear fountain." " Heaven knows," said Arnold, " I would not." And here he Btopped. "Youth," said the Sage presontly, "is the season for love. Enjoy the present happiness; Woman is mado to be loved. Rcceivewith gratitude what heaven gives. Tho present' moment is your own. Defer not until tho evening what you may accomplish at noon." With these words tho oraclo departed, and Arnold sat down and began to think it oil over again. An hour later ho presented himself at tho house in the King's-road. Iris was alono, hnd she was playing. ' "You, Arnold?" "Forgive me, Iris, for breaking in on your aftornoon, but I thought, as it is a fine after noon—I thought that perhaps— you have never taken a walk with me." Sho blushed; 1 think in sympathy with' Arnold, who lookod confused and stammered — and then she said Bhe would go with him. They loft, tho King's-road by the Royal Avenue, where the leaves aro thin and yellow, . and passed through tho hospital and tho great grounds to the river side, and then they turned to tho right and walked along the em bankment, where aro tho great red houses, to Cheyno Walk and tho Suspension Bridge. Arnold did not speak a word tho whole way. His heart was 'so full that ho could not triiBt himself to speak. Who would not ho fivo and twenty again, with all tho rinks and dangers of life before one, tho traps and holes and quicksands, if it were only to feel again tho overwhelming spirit of tho mystel rious goddeea of the golden cestus ? In silence they walked side by side over tho bridge. Halfway across they stopped and looked 'up the river. The tide was running np with a swift current, and the brond river was nearly at the full, Tho strong September suu fell upon tho water, which was broken into little waves under afresh breeze from tho north-east. Thero were lighters and barges majestically creeping up the etream, some with brown three cornered sails set in tho bows and stern, some slowly moving with the tide, their bows kept steady by long oars and some lashed ono to the other, forming a long train palled up to a noisy little tug, all paddlo wheel and engine ; there was a sculler practising for liio next race ; there were somo boys in a rowing boat, laughing and splashing ; on tile north bank there was the garden of the embank ment with its young trees still green, late as tho season was, and boyond, tho red brick' tower of tho old church with its flagpust on tho top; even the mean buildings on the south bnnk looking splendid in tho flood of sunshine. That timo when ono is anxious and fully absorbed in things of great importance is just the time when these details are most remarked. Perhaps Arnold had crossed this bridge a hundred times before, bnt to-day, for tho first time, he noticed these common things. One may be an artist and yet miss tho treasures that lie at tho very feet, With every tido the boats go lip and down with thoir brown oaija, and always tho tower of Chelsea ChurchTiiies above tho trees, and tho broad river never forgets to Bparkle and to glow in the sunshiho when it gets the chance. The common things aro for tho most part unheeded ; but' when tho mind Is anxious and full, tlioy force themsclvcB upon. enc. Arnold watahed boats and river and the sunshine on the sails with a Btrange interest as ono sees tilings in a dream. Ho hod seen all theso tilings before, yot ndw ho' noticed them for the first timo, and yet he was thihking what he should say to Iris, and how. he should approach tho subject. I know not whether Iris, iiko him, saw ono thing and noticed another. Tho thoughts of a maiden, as Lala Roy said, aro secret thoughts.' !Jhe looked npon tho river from tho bridgo 'with' Arnold. When ho turned she turned with hiin, and neither spoko. They left the bridge and passed through tho wooden gato at tho Battcrsoa end of it, and across tho corner whero tho stono columns lie, liko an artificial imitation of Tadmir in' tho Desert, nnd so to the broad tcrraco overlooking the river. Thero is not, nnywhorc, 3 more beflutiful terrace than this of Battcrsea Pnrk, especially when tho tido is high. Before it lies tho splendid river with the barges, which are broad and fiat, and sometimes go up and down side, waya in lubberly Dutch fashion, but are alwayp picturesque ; and boyond tho river tho em bankment with its young trees, which will before many years be great tall and Btutcly trees, and behind the trees the new red palaces which promise to mako London a city moro beautiful than any in tho world— if the fashion lasts; and above the houses at this time of tho year and day tho flying clouds already colored with the light of the sinking sun, for it wanted but half nn hour of sunset. Behind it arc the trees and lawn of the bes kept park in London. Tho squalid streets of Battersea stretch beyond to south and west, and our lovely Lambeth lies in tho east, yet they are forgotten and hidden out of sight. In tho afternoon of a late Sop tcmber duly thero are not many who walk in theso gnrdens.- Arnold and Iris hail tho terrace almost' to themselves, save for lir.lf a dozen girls with children, nnd two or three old men making the most oi the last summer they wero likely to see, ' "This is your favorite walk, Iris," qaid Arnold at last, breaking tho silence. ' . "Yes; I come hero very often, It'is.my; garden. Sometimes in the winter, and whetf tho east wind blows np the river, ! nave It nil- to myself." ' ' . " A quiet life, Iris," he said j "fnd a. happy lifo," . ! "lYos— a happy life," 1 "Iris, will you chnnge it for a lifo which will not be so quiet 2 " Ho took her hand, but sho modi) no reply. ; V I must tell you, Iris, becauso I cannot keep it from you any longer. I lovo you. Ok, my ifoar,1 1 cannot toll you how I lovo yon." ; i'Oli, Arnold," sho whispered. It had come, tho thiug she feared to hoar. , " May I go on ? I havo told you now the moat important thing, and tho rest matters little. Oh, Iris, may I go on and tell you all?" " Go on," she sail, " tell mo all." "As for telling you everything," ho said, with a little lough, "that is no now thing. I havo told you all that is in my mind for a year and more. It seems natural that I should tell you this too, even if it concerned qnother girl. I love you. Iris ; I lovo yon. I should like to say nothing more. But I must tell you as well that I am quite a poor man — a pauper; I havo nothing at all — no money, no work, nothing . My cousin on whom I have been dependent will help mo no longer, no matter why ; but indeed it is not for any thing with which I can ropronch myEolf, My studio and all must go back to her. And yet, IrjB, I am bo selfish as to tell you that I lovo yon. I would give yon if I could tho most delightful palaco in the world, and I offer you IV share in tho uncortain life of a third rato artist." Sho gavo him her hand with tho frankness which was her charm, and with a look in her 'cyoaso full of trust nnd truth that his heart sank within hiin for very fear that lie should prove unworthy of so much trust. . "Oh ! Arnold," sho said, "I havo loved yon all along ; and yet — oh ! I never thought that 'lovo would come to mo," Ho led her into that bosky grove, set with seats conveniently for lovers, which lies romantically closo to tlio Italian rcBtaurant. Theio was no one in the place, and hero among the fallen loaves and in a solicitude so profound as on tho top of a Darmoor Tor, Arnold told tho story of his ' lovo again, and with greater cohorenco and even more extravagance. '! Oh !" said Iris again, " how could you lovo me, Arnold ? How could you lovo any girl so i" Could any woman, she thought, bo vyortli the passion which her lover poured out for her? " My tutor," ho wont on, " If you only know what thing3 you ta.ught me — a man of experience ! If I admired you, when I thought you must bo a man, and pictured nn old scholar full of books and wisdom, what could I. do when I found that q.. young girl had. written, those letters ? You gavo mino back to mo j do you think that I would part with yours ? And yon owned — Oh! Iris, what would not tho finished woman of tho world givo to havo tho secret of your power? Yon owned, that you knew all my letters, everyone by heart. And, after all you will lovo mo, your disciplo nnd pupil, and a man who has his way to mako from tho very beginning and first. ronnd of the ladder. Think, Iris, first. Is it right to. throw away so much upon a man who is worth so little ?" ' " But I am glad that yon aro poor. If you wero rich I should havo been afraid — Oh ! not of you, Arnold— never of you— but of your people. Now your cousin will not mind whom you marry. And besides, it is good for a young man to be poor. Nobody ought to bo allowed to becomo rich before he is SO years of age at tlio very least, And now you will work in earnest, and become a great artist — not a third rate artist at all." "You shall mako of mo what yon ploaso, and what you can. For your Eako, Iris, . I wish I wore another Raphael. I will do what you command. You are my mistress and'my Queen." "Nay," she said, "but your servant always. Surely love cannot command ; but I think," sho addod softly, " I am sure that it can obey." Ho stooped and kissed her fingers. "My' lovo," ho murmured ; " my love, my love." ;Tjio shadows lengthened, and tho evening fell, bnt those two foolish peoplo sat side by sijlo and hand in hand, and what they said wo need not write down, because to tell too lhuch of what young lovers whisper to each other is a kind of sacrilege. 'At last Arnold becamo aware that tho sira was actually set, and ho sprang to his foot. Thoy walked homo over tho suspension bridge. In tho western sky a hugo bank of cloud, all bathed in purple, red and gold ; tho river was ablaze ; the barges floated in a golden haze ; tho light Bhono on their faces, and. made them all glorious like tho faco of Moses, for. they, too, now stood at the Tory gates of Heaven. '"Seo, Iris," Baid tlio happy lover, "tho. day is done. Your old lifo is finished ; tho new lifo begins in glory nnd splendor. It is a happy omen, no took her into his studio, and there in the Eoleran twilight held her in lits arms, and renewed tho vows of love with kisses and fond caress. " Iris, my dear, my dear ; you are mino, and I am yours. What havo I done to deserve this happy fato?" Chapter VIII. — The Discovert. ;At nine o'clock that evening, Mr. Emblem looked up from the chess board. " Where io Mr. Arbuthnot tills evening, my dear?" ho asked. 'It wouhl be significant in somo houses when a young man ia expected every ovoniiig. Iris blushed, and said that perhaps he would not come. But ho did, and his stop was on tlio stair as Bhe spoko. You aro late, Mr. Arbuthnot," said Mr. Emblem reproachfully. " You aro late, sir, and somehow wo get no ntnsic now until you come, l'lay us something, Iris. It is my move, Lala — Iris opened tho piano, and Arnold sat dnm beside her and their eyes mot— and there was in each tiie consciousness of what had passed — a guilty feeling. "I Bhall speak to him to-night, Iris," Arnold whispered. I havo already written to :my cousin. I told you sho is angry with mc. ; Do not bo hurt if sho does not call upon you." "Nothing of that sort will hurt mo," Iris, said, being ignorant of social ways and circles, and without tho lcpat exhibition to rice iu tlio world. " But I am sorry she is angry with you." "I havo disappointed and hurt her, not through my own fault, llowover, that docs not . concern you. If sho forgtveB mo, very well ; if sho docs not, yqu wlll'not tnako her acquaint-; qnce; and it will bo her loss, not yonrfl,:my I'lrie." Lala Roy just then found himself — ' of a .boautiful problom— whilo to movent checkmato in three moves. Mr. Emblem r tho meshes of fate, as usual cW rcm/iT11 earlier ti.an usual and ho h h2"\hT'T closely over the table. Clr " Checkmate," said Lala Roy. " Mv f,b„ x you havo played badly this evening," " I have played badly," Mr. F.mllcm renlk,?. becauso to-morrow will be nn important daw ' for Ins-and for myself. A day Iris havo been looking forward to for eighteen years, over sineo I got your father's lastlctU? written upon his deathbed eighteen years aeo' It seems a long timo, but liko alifotimf'? said tho old man of 75, " it is nothing when 'ie is gene Eighteen years and you were a liltla thui' of three, child,'1. ® "What is going to happen to mo, grand-.'' fathor, oxcept that I shall bo 21 ?" - "Wo shall sec io-morrow. Patience, u» dear, patience, ' xvw BPrcaa .oufc ll!a hands and hiiotud' fui elns t0,haPP himself was a small thing compared with the restoration of Ina to her own, " ¥,r: Emcb!ora." 8a'<l Arnold, « I also W floinothing of importance to say." , "You, too, Mr. Arbuthnot. Cannot voora wait also until to-morrow - hour""' St " t0 impotant 1 canno wait an" " Well, sir." , Mr, . Emblem pushed np hf» spectacles and lcanod back in his chair "Wrl» ' Mr. Arbuthnot, let ns liavo it." ' "I think you may guess what I hnvc.to sav" "fr- Emblem, I am sure that Lala Bov h as already guessod it." - " . Tho philosopher inclined liis hoad in asscnf ' "It is that I have, this afternoon asketi Ins to marry me, Mr.; Emblem, and sho has consented."' " Havo you oonsented, Iris, my dear !" said her grandfather, Sho placed herhand in Arnold's for replv' " Do you think you know him well enough, my dear ? Marriage is a serious thing ; it ia a partnership for life. Children, think well before you promise . what you may find it difficult to perform." " We have thought well," said Arnold, "Then, yonng man, I do not know who yea are, or what your means may be. Remombeu that I am poor — I am so poor— I can tell yea all now, because to-morrow we shall— well— patience— but J can tell you that to-morrow.' I ehall most llkoly. havo my very stock ecireil . and sold." . .. , . : J'Ericftdi!1 said Lala, ..'.'was it well to hido thisfrpmpiel". ' ; "EoolisU peoplo have spread reports that I " am rich, and I have money for Iris, It is not true, Mr.' Arbuthnot, lam not rich, Iris will : come to you, empty-handed," / "And I have, nothing,", added Arnold. . "You have yonr profession," said Iris, "and I have mino. '- . Grandfather do not fear, oven though we are all fonr poor togother." 16 seemed natural to includa Lala Roy, "As for Iris boing empty handod," said Arnold, she bears in her hands an inoxknuetlbla gasket full of precious things." - "My dear,"- said the old man, holding ent his arms to lier; "I conld not keep yoa always. " Borne day I know yon wonhl loava me, my dear.. It is. well that you should leave me when I ammo longer able to keep a roof over my head." "But we shall have a roof for you, grand father." . " Tho best of girls, always," said Mr. FntJ blen, " the be9t of girls. Mr, Arbuthnot, ;oU aro a happy man." . . Quoth tho sago, Oii her tongue dwelletft music, the sweetne33.of honey floweth from hen lips, humility is like a crown of glory about hen head, her eyo speaketh softness and love, hen husband pulteth hi3 heart in her bosom and findeth joy." " An old friend of mine " said Mr. Emblem? "now under the sod, used to say that a good marriage was the blending of the finest Wall send with the most delicate Bilk-atone, bnt ba was in tho coal trade. For my own part £ havo nlwnvs thought that it is like the binding of two scarce volumes into one," " Not second hand volumes, grandfather," said Iris, laughing, " I don't know j certainly not new ontfj Not volumes under one and twenty. Mr; Arbuthnot, I am glad — you will know why very soon — I am very glad .that Iris made hen choice bafore her twenty. fint birthday. What.' ever may happci; now, no one can say that you wero influenced by any expectations. £ aay nothing, .!. cause I kuow nothing. Bnt children, if e great thing happen to yon, ba prepared to receive it with moderate rejoicq. rag." , Arnold heard these words in vague a8tonloS«' mont ; they meant nothing but tho talk of an old man garrulous. . But Iris wondered what her grandfather kept secret. "To-morrow?" she asked, "why to-mor? row? why not to-night, if you have a eccret to, foil ns." " Your father enjoined in hie Ift9t letter to wait till yon wre twenty- one. This is the evo of yonr twenty -first birthday. Nothing can; bo dine, even if we knew all, until to-morrow. Come with mo ail of yon. What I havo to tell yon, Iris, ohall he told in the presence of yooa lover." , He led the way downstairs into tlielittla back shop, where Etood the safe. He lit tho gas and began slowly : " Eighteen years ago, Iris, I recoivcd yoms fatlier'a last letter written on, hies death bed; Ho told mo in that letter several tliinga which surprised me very much. We shall come to these presently. Healso laid down certain instructions for your bringing "Pi m3J dear. I was, first of all, to givo you as good education as I could afford. I was to beep you as much as possible soparatcd from tho companions wiio might not bo thought alters wards fit to bo tho friends of a young lady. You know, my dear, how I havo endeavored to obey your father. You have had as good an education as T.ala Roy nnd I could doviso bc« tween ns. Yon havo learnod mathematics from him and the eoienco of heraldry from mo, and yon have learned music. What moro can any girl want for any etation ? My de"r, 1 am happy to think that a gentleman.is yonc , lover. Let him toll me now it lie thinks wa liavohetweou us made you a lady." Arnold atooped and kisacd her hnnd. : Iris's father, Mr. Arbuthnot, was a gentle, man of ancient family. His coat boro, quartets , 1st and -1 til two roses andahoars head crcit.|. 2nd and 3rd guies.aad fosso between- btranga, I. havo forgot ton what it was between. Every., bodv calls himself: a gentleman nowadayfr— . ' cven Mr. Chalker, who ,i,s going to eih up I suppose ; but every body, if you phase, Mr Iris,' jour father was arniger. I sup- > I inn a gentleman on Sundays when I go tra'rCh with Iris and wear a black coat, if. f /rtur father, my dear, though ho married Slilauchtcr, was a gentleman by birth." He laid his hand on tho handle of the safe, ji il tho tlmo were nearly come, but not quito, , '"eHe'gtn't me with this last letter a small steel for you, my dear, not to be opened until leu reach the age of 21. As for tho person ilo had probably succeeded to his inheritance, ,K» was left in peaceful possession for a reason which he gave— quito a romantic story, which T will toll yoa presently— until you enmo of tic Ho w"3 TCry uniust on "lis P'nt- If, hbwever, any disaster of Bickness or misfor- inno fell upon mo, I was to not without wnit- «„ or ibat timo. Children," tho old man ailed, solemnly, " by the blessing of heaven— I cannot take it at anything less— I have hcc-n -t'reil in health and fortune until this day. Vo'a let mo depart in peace, for ray trust is cjpircd, ind my child is safe with a younger and bdttcr protector.'; ... He placed the key in tho door of tho safe. I do not know, mind," ho said hesitating lotiko tho final stop. "I do not know tho caluro of tho inheritance, which may bo little or may be great. Tho letter did not inform mo an thlB point. I do not oven know the name of tho testator, Nor do I know the" name of my daughter's husband. But it was not Ag'cn." "Then have I ;been going under a falso name all my. life ?" , " It was the name your father ohos'e to bear (or reasons which seemed good and sufficient for him. ' It f> part of tho story which I have to tell you) ''Will you havo.tho story first, or tkall wo first open tho safo and read tho con tents of tho parcel !" ' "First," said Arnold, " let us sit down and look in each other's faces." , Ttwas a'praoticalaucgcstio'n. "Iris,'" he"said,,'"thfa fa truly woudcrful." V Oh t'Airiold, /what have I to do with an Inheritance 5" . '."It 'depends on what It is. Perhaps it Is an, citato, perhaps there will bo horses ; perhaps thousands 'of pounds and perhaps hundreds. Shall we'bulld a castle in the' air to suit our inheritance i" . ' . " Yes— let us pretend. Our castle, Arnold, shall hb the most boatiful studio in the world for you, Arnold. You shall lave tapestry, blne'bhiri'a) armor! lovely' glass, soft carpets, carved doors and painted panels, a carvecl nahtleshblf, old woodcn:eablnets, silver cups, and— everything else that you like. You have'" toWme already which to like, and yon sliHll choose. evtrythiiig for yonrself, and never get tired of it. . But yon mast go cri painting, yon must nover stop working, because wo must ho proud of you as well as" love you, must we not? Oh ! but I have not done yet. My grandfather fa to havo two rooms for himself, which be can fill with the backs he will spend his timo in'' collecting. Lala Boy will havo two moro rooms quite separate, where he can sitbyhimself whenever lie does not choose to sit with me, I shall have my own stndy to myself," where -I'thall go on' reading mathematics, and we thai) 'have the most heahtiful dining room aod dfawing room and a garden and a foun tain add money to give to people srho are not 80' fortunato: as ourselves. Will that do, Arnold?" " '''Yes, but 'you have almost forgotten your- Klf. dear., There aro to be carriages for you, aid jewels, and dainty things all your own, and a'bbudolr'aiid nobody can do anything in the house except for your pleasure— will that do, irUr'" ; \ j" \Yo will not hove new servants, Arnold." Ybry Well, and wo will not give great din ner parties,-" " I iujipose we shall have to give parties of icrae kind, and to go to them. Perhaps one may get to like society. You will teach me lawii'faunis; Arnold, and I should like, I think, fa learh' 'dancing'. I suppose I must leave off msiih'g' my own drceses, though I know that I ehnll bearer be so well dressed if I do. But thtrif is;enough pretonding." ."It is difficult," said Lain Hoy, "to hear adversity, hut to bo temperate in prosperity is.tho height of wisdom," "And now suppose, Iris," said Arnold, "that the' inheritance, instead of being thou sands' a'year, is only a few hundreds." '" AhT thiriit will be ever so much simpler, 'have something to livo upon, until ybu begin to mako money for us, Arnold." "Yes, that is very simple. But suppose agaih that. the inhoritar.oo is nothing but a small sum of money, tho bequest of a few hendreds," . "Why, then," said Irfa, " wo will give it all tOgrandfather, who will pay off his creditors, yfa illgo on as if nothing had happened." "Child," said Mr. Emblem, "do you think J' b wou'd take your littlo all ?" .And suppose again," Arnold went on, thit the inheritance turns out a delusion, and that there is nothing at all." cannot bo supposed," said Mr, Em- -ifl' (lHic'f'y J " that is absurd," "H 'twere," said Iris, "we shall only bo to-morrow just exactly whore we aro to-day. l am a teacher by correapondcnco with five pu pils. . Arnold is looking for art work which jvul pay, and between us, my dear grand- lather and Lala Boy, wo are going to see that jou want nothing." if ba'a Hoy with her grandfather, as it their interests wero identical ; and indeed he bad lived so long with them that Iris could cot separate the two old men. ... ''9 wlllall livo together," Iris continued, 1 . "'® brightest faoo in the world, " and When oar fortuno is made wo will all livo in a Lu'i anJ now, grandfather, that wo havo cheved our feelings, shall wo havo tho Btory «hd the uafe'" " rvt''Cc W'H have first 5" I'.'ho safo," said Arnold. " Tho story life " e' Ua exam'no 'ho contents of tho till?1!0.'10'''" £aid hrr. Embloni," is noarly told in your father's letter, my dear. But V" a ,Uul that I would tell you first, bo- i f Mhri that letter. You know, Iris, that hecn rich ; my shop has kept rmt f. I1QW> hut I havo never been ablo to F. , y money, Thero aro men who think that . 9 3 contemptible unless you can save money L.J7 yc®r' I havo nover thought that. It 1 ),„"? sufficiont for mo to live by my work. ,. JC had most beautiful hooks pass through to'hJk boo'!3 that it was a pleasure oven In ' Sm«times I havo been tempted a ml! , ubout them, in order to keep thorn danohs 1"?er on my shelves. Well, my uln i ' — your poor mother, my dear, was as good and clever as you nio— was wcntnontC ast0nCarn hr Wn l'v!n? and 00 »Ila went out as a governess. And ono day she came homo with her husband-she Ld boon verv l'n1ay bofor-and she told me thev ftnhnl i mo"'y and her husband was "a scholar and a gentkman and wanted to got Mimmh nY'.a"8' Ho Bot 8'"no' but not and they wero always in a poor way until one day ho got a letter from Amorie.v- it was while tho civil war was raging— from Jmi i ,x/or, ,ri9n<1' invitinB him to emigrate anu try his fortuno as a journalist out thero. Ho went, and his wife was to join him. But she- died, my dear. Your mother died, and a year later I had your father's last letter, which I am going to read to you" " Ono momont, air," said Arnold, "before you open the safe and tnko ont tho papers, remember that Iris and I can take nothing- nothing at all for ourselves— until all jonr trouble aro tided over," " Children, children ! " cried Mr. Emblem. Uo, my son, to tho desort," observed : tho sago, standing solemnly upright, liko a prophet i i " Ohservo tho young stork of the wudernoss, how ho beareth on his wings his aged sire and supplieth him with food. The piety of a child is Bwecter than tho incense of Persia offered to tho sun ; yea, more delicious is it than tho' odors from a field of Arabian spice." ... „ ''Plank you,'. Xala," said Mr. Emblem. \- What A thing it in always to havo a hag of maxims at your fingers' endsjand now, childrori, we will discover tho mystery," .Ho unlocked tho safo and threw it open with somewhat ,of a theatrical air. " Tho roll of papers." Ho took it out. " For Iris ; to be opened on.hor twenty-first birthday." And this is the eve of it." But where is the letter-? I tied tho letter round it with n pioco of tape; Very strange. .1 am sure I tied tho letter with a piece of tape. ' Perhaps it was — where ; is tho letter?" I Ho peered about in tho safe— thero was nothing elso in it except n few ' old account ' books — hnt bo could not find the letter. Where co'uhl it bo? " I remember," he said, " most' distinctly -I remombor tying up tho letter with. the parcel. Where can it he gone to ? A feeling of trohhlo to come seized him. He was perfectly sure ho' had tied up tho letter with tho parcel, and hero was tho parcel without tho letter, and no ono- had opened the safe except himself. . . , ."Never mind about the letter, grandfather," aaid Iris, "we shall find that afterwards." " Well, then, let us'open tho parcel." \< It was a packet 'abduti -the size of a, crown' 'octavo volume'," In .brown paper, carefully fastened up with gum, .and on tho face of it' wis a whito label inscribed " For Iris. To bo oponed on her twenty-first birthday." Every body in turn took it, weighed it, so to speak, looked at it curiouBly, and read the 'legend.-' Thcn_ they returned it to Mr. Emblem, who- laid it before him and produced a penknife; With this, as carefully and solemnly as if. ho were offering; np a sacrlfice or performing a. religious function, ho out the parcel straight through. ! . " After ' eighteen years," he said, " after eighteen years the ink will be faded and tho paper yellow. But wo shall see tho certificates of tho marriago and of your baptism, Iris-; there will also he letters to different people, and a true account of the rupture with his father, snd tho cause, of which his letter spoke. And of course wo shall find out what was his real namo, and what is tbo kind of ' iulieritanco which has 'been waiting for you so long, my dear. Now then — The covering in case of the packet was a kind of stiff cardboard or millboard within brown papor. Mr. Emblem laid it open. It was full of folded papers. He took. up the first and oponed if. The paper was blaok. The next, it was blank ; the third, it whB blank ; the fourth and fifth and sixth, and so on throujghont the caso'which had been wait-' ing solong, watting for eighteen years, to be' opened on Iris's twenty-first birthday, was full of blank papers. They wero alt half sheets of note paper. Air. Emblem looked surprised at the first two or three papers ; then he turned pale ; then he - rushed at the rest. When ho liad opened all, he stared about him with bewilderment. "Where is the' letter?" ho asked again. Then he began with trembling bands to tear out tho contents of the safe and spread them upon the table. . The letter was nowhere. . " I ani certain," ho said for the tenth timo; " I am quite certain that I tied np tho letter with red tape, oritsido' tho packet. And no one has beeq at the safe except mo." : .''Tell ns," said Arnold,' "tho contents of the letter . as . weir as yon remember them. Your son-in-law was known to yon under tho name of . Aglien, which was not his real name. Bid he tell ycu hfa real name ?" : '« No."' : ; ' ! " " What did he tell you ? ' Bo you remember the letter,?!' V.I remember every word of theletter. : " If you dictate it; I will writo it down. That may be a help." Mr. Emblem began quiokly. . , " When yon read these lines I shall ho in that silent land whither Alico my wife has gone beforo mo. This would bo a strange thing to think upon hod I time left for think ing. But I havo not. I may last for a week or I may die in a few hours. Therefore to tho point." " To the point" repeated Arnold, who bvl written down the words so far. Then Mr. Emblem began to slammer. 'f In one small thing we deceived you, Alico and I. My name is not Aglien— is not Aglien." , . , .... And hero a strango thug happened. His memory failed him at this point- "Taito lime," said Arnold, .-"There is no hurry." , Mr. Emblem shook ins head. "I shall remombor tho rest tomiorrow perhaps," ho said. "To-morrow 1" At this fresh and unex pected blow dismay fell upon all. "I shall remember presently," tho old man repeated. "Presently I ahall remember." "Is there anything else you havo to help us ?" asked Arnold. " Never mind the letter, Mr. Emblem. No doubt that will come back presently. You soo wo want to find out first who Iris's father really was, and what is her real name. There was bis coat of arms. That will connect her with soma family, though it may ko a family with many branches." " Yes, oh, yes, his coat of arms. I havo Eeon his signet ring a dozen times. Yes, his coat, yen first ami fourth ; two roses and a hoar's hoail ereot. Second and third, I forget." ' numph I Is thorn anyone who used to \- know him beforo bo was married V' : "c8j yes, Mr. Emblem eat up qngcrly. "Yes, there is— thero ia— he is my oldest customer ; but I forgot Iris name. I havo forgotten overy thing. Perhaps I shall got back my momory to morrow. But I am old. Perhaps it will never get back." -Ho leaned his .head upon his. hand, and stared about him with bewildered eyes. "I i do. not know, young, man," ho said presently, addressing Arnold, "who you are. If you come from Mr. G'halkcr, lot mo tell you it is a day too soon. To-morrow wo will speak of busmose." Then ho sprang to his feet, sud denly struck with a thought which pierced him liko a dagger. " To-morrow ! It is the day when they will como to soil mo up.. Oh ! ipjf, what dnl that matter when, you wero safo?. Now wo aro all paupers together— all pnupera." - Ho fell back in his chair, white and trcmbl ing. Iris soothed him kissed his cheek and pressed his hand, but the terror and des pair of bankruptcy wero upon him. . This is an awfnl spectre, which is ever ready to ap- pcar before the man who has embarked his all In ouo venture— a disastrous season, two or throe unlucky ventures, succession of bad debts and tho grisly spectre stands before liirn. Ho had no terror for the old man so long as lie thought that Iris was safo. . But now 'Idle talk — Iris, idle talk, child,'? ho said when they tried to comfort him. " How can a girl make money . by teaching? Idle talk, young man. How can money bo made by painting? It's as had a trade as writing. How can money be made anyhow, bnt in an honest shop ? And to-morrow I shall have no Bhop, and we. shall all go into.the street to gether.'.' .,. ., . , - Presently when lamentations had yielded to despair they persuaded him to go to bed. . It was past midnight. Iris went upstairs with .mm while tala.Eoy and. Arnold waited'down .below., Arid. then. Arnold made a. great dis- covery. Ho bogan to examine .the folded papers' whiok weroa in ;.the Jacket; .1 think -hb'i bad: some; kind of . vague, . idea .that they . might, contain secret 'and. invisible-, writing. They wore ail sheets of note paper, of the same siio.'.'f'picle'd in the same way, namolyi.doubled. as if for n square envelope.' On holding one to the'Ught'ho read the ijv.ater mark— V ,V : \HIEEOGLYPHICA, ,/ ,;V,' . (A .Vogetablo ..jVelluml \- M S and Co. - v 7 ' ,-;7\ They- all had the same ..water mark. Ho showed the thing to, the Hindoo, who- did not- understood what it meant./..;' i,. -, u; :..c. \- Then -Iris came down .again. . Her grand- - father was sleeping,.: Like a child, ho. foll. asleep the.- moment)- his head- fell: upon the qillloW,-;.. "Iris," he said, "This is no delusion of yonr grandfather's, it haB been robbed." . . ( V liowdo yon know, Arnold ?" .- ' '! Tho stupid fcllow.who stole and opened the packet no doubt thought ho was wonderfully clever to fill it np again with paper ; hat' ho forgot.- that tho packet -has been lying for olghtoen years in the safe, and that this note -paper, was made the day beforo yesterday." : " How do you know that ?" -j ".Yon- can toll by tho look and feel of tho paper ; they did not.make paper- like this twenty years ago ; besides, look at the water iriark.,' He held it to the light, and Iris read the myBtic words. " That is the fashion of to-day. ;One house . issues a new kind of papor with a fancy. name, and' another imitates them, - To morrow- I- will ascertain exaotly when this paper- was made." '".But who would steal it, Arnold ? Who could steal- it?",., - : . "It would not probably bo of -tho least use to anyone. But it might be stolen in order to sell.it back. We may see an advertisement carefully worded, guarded, or porhnps — Iris, who had access to the place when your grand father was out ?" .- " No one but James, the shopman. He has been hero five and twenty years. He would not, sttrciy, rob his old master. No one elso comes here except tho customers and Cousin Joe." "Joe is not, I beliovo, so toBpeak, quite tho son of righteousness." " Joe is . a very bad man . He has done dread- fill, things. But thou, oven if Joe -wore hail enough to rob tho safe, how could ho get at it ? My grandfather never loaves it unlockod. Oh ! Arnold— Arnold— that all- this troublo should fall npoh us on the very day — " .. , " My dear, is it not better that it ahonld fall upon: you when lam hero,- one more added to yonr advisers ? If yon have lost a fortune, my dear, I have found one. . Think that yoa have givon.it to mo." "Oh! tho fortune may go," she said. "Tho future is ours and wo are yoaag, But who shall ;now- oonsolo my grandfather for tho chance of ; failure \- "As tho stream," aaid Lnla Boy, "which paasoth - from tho mountains to tho occau, kisses every meadow in its way, yet tarries not in any place, so fortune visits tho sons of man., Sho is unstable as the wiuJ. Who shall hold her ? Let not adversity tear off the wings of hope." Tlioy .could do nothing more. Arnold re placed tbc paper in the packot, and gave it to Iris. They put back the ledgers and account books in the safe and locked it np, and then they went upstairs. "You shall go to bed, Iris" said Arnold, "and you too, Lala Boy. I shall stay here, in case Mr. Emblem bIiouM want anything"' . Ho was in reality afraid that "something would happen " to tho old man. . His sudden loss of memory, his loss of self control when lie spoko of his bankruptcy, tho confusion of his words, told clearly of a mind unhinged; . Ho-couid not go away and leave Iris with nq hotter protection than ono other weak old man. He remained, but Iris sat with him and in the silent watches of tho night they talked about the future. Under every roof aro those who talk abont tho future, and those who think about tbo past. So the shadow of death . is always with us and the sunshine of life ; not without reason is tboBoman Catholic altar incomplete without tho form of somo dead mau. As for the thing which had been stolen that affected thorn but littlo. What does it matter — the loos of what was promised but five minutes since ? It was ono o'clock when Lala Boy left them: they eat at tho window hand in hnud and talked. Tho street below was very quiet ; now arid then a lato cab broke tho silence or the tramp- of a policeman ; but thero wero. no other, souqda ; tboy sat in darkness- becaiiso thpy' wanted no light. Tho hours, sped too swiftly for tliem. At five tho day began to dft(vn. ' . : ; ;' " friii," said Arnold, "leave mo now and try to sleep a littlo. Shall wo ever forgot this night of sweet and tender talk When she was gone he . began to bo aware of footsteps ovehoad in tho old man's room, was ho going to do ? Arnold waited at tho door. Presently, tiio door opened and he heard tho stops upon tbo stairs. They wero the steps of Mr, Emblcih himself. He was fully dressed with hie usual care and neatness, his black silk stock buckled behind and hie white hair brushed. , ' " Ah, Mr. Arbuthnot," ho said cheerfully,' " you aro early this morning"— as if it was quite a usual thing for his friends to look in at six in the morning. " You are going 'down' to tho shop, Mr. Emblem?" " Yes, cortainly, to tho Bhop, Pray come with me." Arnold followed him. "I have jost remembered," said tho old man, "that last night we did not look on the floor, I will have . one more search for the letter, and then, if I cannot find it, I will writo .it all ont, every word. There is not .ranch, - to bo sure, but tho ' story is" told without the names." . . . j ' ' " "Tell mc the story, Mr. Emblem, while you remember it." , " All in good time, young man. " Youth is so impatient. So." , . , He drew np the blind and let in : tho morn-, ing light. Then ho began, his search for the letter on .the floor, going on his hands and knees and peering under the ' table and chairs with, a candle. At .length ho desisted. "I tied it up," he said, with tho parcel with red tape. Very well, we must do without it. Now, Mr. Herapath, my plan is this. : First, I will dictate - the, letter; This' will give you the outlines of the etory. Next, Twill send you to— to my old customer, who can tell you my son-in-law's real name. And then I will describe his coat of arms. My memory was never so clear arid good 'as I feel it to-day. Strango that last night . I seemed, for tho moment to forget everything. , Ha 1 ha ! ridiculous, wasn't it ?" I siipposo— but, there is no accounting for those queer things. Perhaps I was disappointed to find nothing in the packet. Bo you think Mr; Arbuthnot that I—" here he began'to tremble—" do you think that I dreamed it all ? : Old irieri' think ' strange things. Perhaps — " » "Let us try to remember -the-' letter, Mr/ Emblem." - ' "Yes— yes— certainly — tho letter — why it zyent — ahem !- as follows— " . Arnold laid down the-pon in despair. -The ' poor old man wds mad. - Ho had poured" ont tho wildest farago'without sensv, cohereuco or story, ' '. "So much for tho letter, Mr. Herapath;" He was mad without doubt, yot he knew Arnold, and knew, too, why ho was in he was in the bouse. Aha ! I- knew ' it would come hack to me. Strango if it did not, Wily I read that letter once every quarter or so for eighteen years. It is- a part of myself, I conld not forget it." . ' "And the namo of your son-in-law's old' friend?" . , " Oh ! ye3, the name." It might have been his name, but as Air. Emblem changed it the next moment, and forgot again the moment after, it was doubtful certainly, not much to build upon. " And the coat of arms i" "We are_ getting on: famously, are wo not ? The coat, sir, was as follows. Ho proceeded to. describe an impossible coat. Yon might have known it, but the science wonld not nave al lowed it." All this took a conplc of hours. It was now eight o'clock. " Thank yon, Air. Emblem," said Arnold, " I have no donbt now that ' we shall bring Iris to her own again, iu-splte of your loss. Shall wo go upstairs and have some breakfast ?" " It is all right, Iris," cried the old man glee fully, "It fa all right. -I- /have remembered everything, and Mr. Arhathnot will go out presently and seoure your inheritance." ' Iris looked at Arnold. "Yes dear," she said, "you shall have yonr breakfast, and then yon shall tell me all about it, when Arnold goes ; and yon will take a holiday from tho shop, won't yon — because I am twenty-one," "Aha I" Ho was quite cheerful and mirth ful, becanse he had recovered his memory. "Aha, my dear, all is well; you aro twenty- one, and I am seventy-five ; and Mr. Arhnth- not will go and bring homo the — the inherit ance, and I shall sit here all day long. It was a' good dream that canio to mo this morning, was it not ? Quite a voice from heaven, which said " get np and write down the letter while you remember it. I got np; I found by the — by tho merest accident— Air. Arbuthnot on the stairs — and wo have arranged nrerything for you — everything." CiiArPEit IX.— Bn. Washinotok. ; Arnold returned to his stridio, since nothing' moro could be done, and tho old man, though ho might bo mad, was quite harmless,. Be sides, even at the age of five and twenty, and' though one fa in love, a' sleepless night .fa fatiguing. . He sat down, therefore, -and' fell' fast asleep. ' ' " He was awakened abont noon by his cousin' Clara. "Oh! Arnold," sho ' cried, shaking him wrathfully by the arm. " This is amomor.t of tho greatest excitement, and yon aro my only adviser and you are asleep." Ho sprang to his feet; , "I am awako qow, Clara."' Anxiety. arid troublo ? On account of our talk yesterday i" He saw that sho had been crying. "In her hands she had a packet of letters; ' . "Oh! no— no— it is far- moro iinpprtant than that. As for our talk— " " I am engaged to her, Clara." " "So I expected," she replied, coldly; "But I am not como here about.' your engagement. And yon do not want my congratulations, I suppose?" "I should like to havo yonr good wishes, Clara." " Oh, Arnold, that is what my poor Claudo said when ho deserted me and married tho governess. You men want, to havo your own way, and then expect us to be delighted with it, Of course you shall havo my good wishes. Wo wero a littlo on onr stilts yesterday, I thinlr. To bo sure you shall havo niy good wishes, if that is allyou want. Of conrse.I have no de sire to make, the acquaintance of' yonr bride. You do not expect that, and after what has happened to-day no one can expect anything at all of me." . ; , i " I expect nothing, Clara. Tray understand that." , . . ; "I told Claude, when ho .wrote' atkin'g for- giveness, that he had my good wishes, whatever ; ho chose to do, bnt that I would not . on any ao-,7 count receive his wife. Very well, Arnold,'" That is exactly whnt I say to you. . As for ,mo, '' as I told_ Claude, so I tell you, I have all my life associated with ladies, and I am not gbiDg ' now to mako friends with other persons. ' Thaft s all, Arnold." - . . . " Very well, Clara. I quite understand. Asi . for the studio and all the things that you hav'a given me, they are, of course, youre again. Let' mo restore what I can to you." , ' "No, Arnold, they aro yours, Let mo heari no more about things that are your own. Thfl past is past, ana you will — X hopo anti trust- go on liying here. At least you will have ft houso to offeryour brqjo." ".There will bo.no bride until there is Bomb- ' thing besides thehonso, Clara. But why ehoulcl ' you find this business of mine so exciting— or sd ' engrossing? Whiohfa.the right word?" "No— no— oh ! it isn't that at all Arnold-i only yon put it out of my head. Of coursd- your business, as you call it, is exciting'; tbq( :- fa, it fa grovious, But as for this it fa fad ' moro important. Something has happened i something I always expected ; something thai I looked forward to for years, although it baa . waited on tho way so long it lias actually come at last, when I had almost forgotten to look for it. So true it fa, Arnold, that, goo j fortuno and misfortune alike come when wft least expect them." . Arnold sat down. He knew his cousin tooj, well to interrupt her. . Sho had her own. way' of telling a story, and it was if roand aboufl -way. . ... .".I cannot complain, after twenty. years, " can I? I have, bad plenty of rope, ae. yoit 7 wonld say. . But still it has come at laBt ; ' an J naturally, when it does como, it is a shock," ' " It is hereditary gout, Clara ?" <" ' "Gout 1 nonsense, Arnold. When the will " was read I said to myself,.'.Claude; isl.certaia'7 to come back and claim his .own. It : is fcitf ' right, end I hope he will come. Brit fdrt zhy. - own part I have not the least 'intention of calV'1 ng up the governess.' Then three oV.foi®. ; years passed away and I heard, I do not "re ' member how,, that ha was dead. And thenl " waited for his heirs, 'hfa children or theig guardians. But they did not come." ' / "And novy they Have renlly come? Ob/;;. Clara ! this fa indeed a misfortune."' - ' "No, Arnold, call it'a restitution, 'not' ft'' misfortune. ' I have been living all thesis years ori'the money which belbngs to C'laulle'ri heir." "" '' " '' ' " There , was a: son, then. And noiv he ;ha5' dropped tiponus from the clouds ' "It fa. a daughter, not a son. But yori shall ' hear." ' . ' ;-. "I received a letter, this morning from If person called Air. Joseph Washington, stating; that he wrote to mo on account off.th'ei' '. only child arid heiress of the late ClandoBe seret." '. Y" " Who fa Air. Joseph Washington i" " He fa a physician, he says, and an Amerf? can." '. . " Yes— will you go on 5" " I do not mind it, Arnold ; I really do riotV : I must give up my house and put down' my' carriage) but it fa fori Claude's daughter.' £ rejoice to think that he ho9 left Borne one be hind him. Arnold, that face upon your, carivad really, has got eyes wonderfully liko his— if i : was. not. a mere fancy when I saw it jester.-, day. I am glad, I say, to give up every thing!' to tho child of Claude." "You think so kindly of him, Cfiara, who.; inflicted so much pain on you." V ? "I can never think bitterly of Claritfe# ,, We we brought up together; we were like brother and sister ; he never loved me In any, other way. . Oh I I understood it all years ago," To begin with, I was never beautiful ;' and if W8B his father's . mistake. Alt that misery)' hia . father's anger, their long estrangement anil his , death in a foreign country, away from hia ' friends,- were caused by one dreadful blunder, '' The old story. A boy and a girl ; one loved, and thought she was loved. But she. was riot.'. If we had 'married worse evils might have ' ' followed. , After all, whatever happened after wards, Arnold, I can coirifort myself with tho thought that Claude had hfa heart's desire, '. and married the woman he really loved, anil' : now) at lost I know, poor dear, that he love j her tenderly, and died because she died. X.r can never think bitterly, or even reproachfully,":, of Claude." — ' 1 - "Howdo'you know now, when yon did rio'fi know it before, that ho loved £fa .wife so well?" - "Because — you make me tell my etory upf'" side down — because this American followed uji hfa letter by a visit. In tho letter he merely ssid he hria come to London with the heiress." But he called an hour ago and brought me— oh, Arnold, he brought me one more letteri from Claude; It has been waiting for mo ids' eighteen1 years. After all that timo, often eighteen years; my poor dead Ciando speaks to ' me again; My dear, when I thought ho was miserable on account of his marriage I waa wrong. His' wife made him happy, and ho died because sbe died," Tho tears camo into ' her eves again, "Poor boy! Poor Claudo! The letter speaks of his child. It says—' 19 - She opened and read the letter. He nays, " Some day my child will, I hope, come to yon and say, 1 Cousin Clara, I am Irfa Beserot.'" : " Irfa ?" said Arnold. " It Is her name, Arnold, It was the child's grandmother's name," i ." A strange coincidence," ho said, pray go On." " She will say, 'Consin Clara, I 'am Trin Beserot.' Then you will ho kind to her, as yon would, to. me , if I. were to come home again. I, cannot 'read "any more my dear, even to yon." ""'i: ' ' ' " Bid this American give yoa any other proof of what he asserts ? " '"Ho gave' mo a portrait of Claude, takoa years' ago wlien he was a boy of sixteen; anil showed me tho certificate of marriage and tha child's certificate of baptism, and letters from hfa wife. I suppose nothing more can bo wanted." \- " I daresay it fa all right, Clara. But why. was not tlio child bronalit over before ? " " Because— this is tho really romantic parf. of the story — when her father died, leaving. | the child, she was adopted by those charitabla, | Americans, nnd no one ever thought of ex/ amining tlio papers,' which wero lying in a) desk, until" the other day." ) " You havo riot teen tho young lady ; "No, ho fa to bring her to-morrow." '. i "And what sort of a man is this American!. ) lis he a gentlemen F' ' ' ' | "AVcll,, I do not quito know. Perhaps- lAme'ricdifa are different from Englishmen. If jhe was an Englishman, I should -say without any hesitation that he is not a gentleman, an wo: count good breeding and good manners. He is a big man, handsome and burly, and lie sccni3 good tempered. V<henl toidbim what was tho full amount of Iris's inheritance — " <i Iris's inheritance, inheritance !" Arnold repented, " I beg 'our pardon Clara, Pray Voan, hut it seems liko n dream." : " Ho only laughed, and said that he wa3 glad Bh« would have so much. The utmost they hoped, ho said, wa3 that it might bo a farm or % Uou3e or two, or a few hundreds in tho 'stocks. He is to bring her to-morrow, and of Vottrse I shall make her Btay with mo. As fix himself, ho says that ho is only nuxinus to got tack homo to his wife and practice." f P He wonts nothing for himself then!" iChat seems a good sign." r- J asked him that question, and ho said thit ho could not possibly take money for Vrbat ho and his family had done for Iris, ! (the oducation and maintenance of Iris. This jwss Very generous of _ him, Perhips ueis really a gentleman by birth but lias provincial maunors. He said, however, that ho had uo pbtection to receiving tho small amount of Saanby spent on the voyage and on Iris'B out- Ifithecanse they were not rich people, and it %ah a serious thing to fit out a young lady suitably. So of course I gavo him what ha Suggested, a cheque for two hundred pounds, Sw one, ho added with feeling, would grudgo B riuglo dollar that had been spent upon tho ! education of the dear girl, which went to my Seart'." '"She is well educated then. Sho sings well, he says and has had a good plain education. He said I might rest 'assured that she was ladylike, because eho had hoiri brought up among his own friends," . : 'That is a very safe guarantee," said .Arnold, laughing. i " I wonder if she is pretty." 1 asked him that question, too, and hs Jretflied, very oddly, that she had a most splon- tlid figure, which'fotchrd everybody, I r.ot that rather a vulgar expression ?' ";It isiu England. Perhaps in America it bobmgs to tho first circles and is a sui rival of (He Pilgrim Fathers. So yon gave him a cheque for two hundred pounds." " Tea, eurely I w»3 not wrong, Arnold. Con- eider the oircumstanco3— the outfit and tho Vdyage and the man's reluctance nhd delicacy i>E feeling," "I-'daro say you were qnite right, but— well —I think I "should have seen t'.c young lady 'Arit. Remember, you have given the money to a stranger, on his bare word," "Oh 1 Arnold, this man is perfectly honest I would answer for his truth and honesty, Ho_ has frank, honest eyes. Besides, he brought me' all thoeo letters, Well, dear, you are not going, to desert me because you are engaged, aroyou, Arnold? I want yon to bo present when she cotes to-morrow morning." "Certainly I will, with the greatest— no — not the greatest pleasure. But I ivill be present ; I will come to luncheon, Clara," When she was gone he thought again of the jtrsnge coincidoncc both of the name and of the inheritance. Vet what had his Iris in com mon with a girl who had been brought np in America ? Besides, she had lost her Inherit- | nee, and this other iiis had crossed the ocean to receive hcr3. Yet a very strange coincidenceo. It \v: s so Btr inge that he told It to Iris, and to Lala Roy. Iris langhed and paid she did not know she had a single name- sake. Lata did not laugh. But he sat think ing in silence. There was no chess for him that night, and Mr. Emblem in his chair nghed and chncklcd at what, to Arnold, was titer a ghastly way, ' Citapiep. V, — This is Mr Cousnr, "Well, Joo !" said his wife, "And howls it going to finish ? It looks to me as if there was a prison van and r. police court at tho end. Han't you think wo had better back out of it while- there's timet" " Y ou' re a fool," her husband replied— it was the morning afi r bis visit to Clara — "You know nothing about it, Now listen," " I do nothing but listen; You've told mo the f tory till I knniv it by heart, Do you think anybody in the world will bo so green as to believe such a clumsy plot as that 3" " Kow look hero, Lotty ; if there's another word said — mind now — yon shall have nothing 'more to do with the business at oil, I'll give it to a girl I know— a clever girl who will Wry it through with flying colors." ' he set her lip3 hard and drummed her lingers on tho table. He knew how to rale ilia.. wife. - '/Co on," she said, "since wo 1 can't be honest — " . "Be reasonable then : that's all I ask yon. Hq'nest ! who is honest ? Ain't we everyone engaged in getting round onrneichbors? Isn't the, whole game all the world over, lying and deceit ? Honest ! you might a3 well go on the hoards without faking np yonr face as try to liyp honest. Hold yonr tongue ti.cn." Ho growled, and swore, and after his faslu'on called on the heavens to witness and express their as- koqishment. The girl bin. her head and made no reply, Iowa apace. She was cowed and afraid. Pre sently she looked up and langhed, but with a forced laugh. . "Don't he cross, Joe, I'll do whatever yon want me to and. cheerfully too, if it will do yoif-any good. What is a woman good for but to help her husband, Only don't he cross, Joq. They had been married little morn than a month. She knew what her .husband was by this time, a false, had. and unscrupulous man. Yet she loved 1dm. The case is not rare, by any means, so that there is hope for all of us, from the meanest . and most wriggling worm among us to the most hectoring ruffian. " Why there, Dotty," he said, ."That is what I like. .Now listen. The old lady is a cake, do jyou understand 1 She is : a sponge ; she swallows everything; and ahe'sready to fall on Jyour niiok and.cry oyer you for joy. ' As for dopbt or suspicion, not a word. I don't think thore will be a single question asked, No', it's all,' my poor dear, ptaude,' that's your father; . Lotty'; and iny poor dear Iris,' ; that's yon, Lotty" ; " All right, Joe; goMon. . I. ran, Iris— I i»in anybody youlike— go on," ".The more I, think ahont it,' the, more "Pm certain we shall do the trick. ' Only, keep cool . ovSr tho job, and forget tho music-hall,. Toil are Iris D'eseret, and you are' daughter of \ Claude Deseret deceased, I am Dr. Washing. \iajf,tiaoot thoAmeriean family who brought >ouiip. ' You're grateful,. mind.. ;' Nothing can Nmore .lively (than; your grptituda. ' We've Njrothcr: and ster,' you and iho,'' arid 'I've Nfo' api ypnag' family /and, a rijing ,prao , \ cC lice at home in the State oi Maine. And I am only come over here to see you into yonr rights at great perianal expense — paid a substitute, ami — ye3, actually paid a substitute. Wc only found the papers the other day, which is the reason '.vliy we did not come over before, and I'm going home again directly. "You are not really going away, Joe, are '' « No, I am going to stay near, but I shall pretend to be away. Now remember, we'vo | got no suspicion onrselvoB, and wo don't expert ; to meet any. If there fa any w© arc surprised and sorry. Wo don't come to tho lady with n lawyer or a blunderbus ; we come os frionds, and wo shall arrange thi; li-. tlo business be tween ourselves. Oh, ue -r you fear, we shall | arrange it qnito comfortable without iawyors." I " How much do you think wo shall got ou! of it, Joe?" . | " Listen, and open your eyes. Thore a i seventy-fivo thousand pounds and a small estate in tlie country. Don't lot us trouble about the estate more than wo can help. Estates mean lawyers. Money doesn't." He Bpoko as if small sums like aei'cnty-fivo thousand pounds arc carried about in the pocket, "Good gracious! And you'vo got two hundred of it already, haven't yon ?" " Yos, but v.bat 13 two hundred out oi seventy-five thousand ? Seventy — five — thousand — There's spending in it, isn't there, Lotty ? Gad ! we'll make too money 3pui, i. calculate, Lotty ; it may bo a few wooks before tho old lady transfers tho money— I don't qnite know whoro it is— hut in stocks or something — to yonr name. An soon as it is in your name I've got a plan. We'll remember that you'vo got a sweetheart or something in America, and you'll break your koart for wanting to see him. And tbua nothing will do but you must run across for a trip. Oh ! I'll manage, and we'll mako tho money spin." Ho wa3 always adding new details to his atory, finding something to embellish it and heighten tho offer; ; and cow, having suc ceeded as he thought, in getting the false Iris into the house, he began to deviso schemes to get hor out. again. " Sovenly-five thousand pounds ! Why, Joo, it is a terrible great sum of nioney. Good gracious ! What shall we do with it when .wo gat it." "111 show yon what .to . do ..with it, -my girl." , . ... . . . .. .. ' "And yon said,- Joe, yon declared, '.that it is your own by rights." '.'Certainly .it is my own. It was bequeathed to my own consin. But she didn't know.it, and .she died without knowing it, and I -am her heir.' < Lotty wondered vaguely and rather sadly, how much of this statemoat was true. But rhe did .not daro to ask. She had .promised her assistance ; every night she woko with a dreadful dream of a policeman knocking at the door ; whenever she saw a man in blue sho trembled ; and ahe saw perfectly well that if the plot failed it was she herself, in nil pr iba- bllity, and not her husband at all, who would I be put in the dock. She did not believe a i word about the cousin — sho knew Bbe was i going to do avtlo.f.nd dieadful wickedness, but ! she was ready to go through with it, or with I anything else to pleasure a husband who already, the honeymoon hardly finished, showed the propensities of a rover. " Very well, Lotty, we are going there at once. You need take nothing with yon, but you won't come back here for o good spell. In fact I shall give up these lodgings for fear of accidents. I shall leave you with your consin." "Yes, and I'm to bo quiet and behave pretty, I suppose." " You'll be just quiet and demure, as yoa used to be when you were Bewing in the music Bhop. No lond laughing , no capers, no comic songs, and no dancing." "And am -I to begin at onoe by asking for the money to bo— what do you call it ? — trans ferred?" "No, yon are not on any account to say a word about the money ; yon are to go on living thero without hinting at .the money— without showing any desire to' dismiss the subject — perhapB for months, until there can't -be the Bhadow of a doubt that yon are tho old woman's, cousin. - Yon are to mako much of ber, flatter her; cocker her up, find ont all tho family secrets, get the length of her foot, hut yon are not to say one single word about the money. As for yonr' manners, I'm not afraid of them, because, when you like, you can look and talk like a countess." "I know now." Sho got up and changed her face, bo that it became at onco subdued and qniet, like a quiet sewing girl behind a counter. " So, is that modest enough? and as for singing, I shall sing for hor, bnt not music hall trash. This kind of thing. Listen," There was a piano in the. room, -and she sat down and Bi.ng to her own accompaniment, with a sweet low voice, one of the soft sad German songs. " That'll do," cried Joo. " Hang me, whata clever girl yon are, Lotty ! That's the kind of thing tho swells like. Ab for me, giro me ten minutes of Jolly Nash. But you know how to | pull 'em in Lotty." | It was approaching twelve, the hour when they were due. Lotty retired and -arrayed her self in her quietest and most sober dross, a costume in some brown Btnff, with a bonnet to ' match. She pat on her best gloves and hoots, having herself felt tho inferiority of the Bhop girl to the lady in those minor points ; and she modified and mitigated her fringe, wkioh she knew was rathor more exaggerated than young ladies generally wear, " You sure not afraid, Lotty," said Joe, whon at last she was ready to start. . "Afraid! Not I, Joe. ' Come along; I couldn't look quieter no t if I was to make np as I do in the evening: as a Quakeress, Dome along. Oh !Joo, it will be awfullydalk Don't forget'to send word to tho hall that I am ill. There would, however, sho secretly considered, come excitement >when- it came to the finding ont, which' wonld-liappen she was convinced in a very few hours. In fact ahe had no faith at alMntbe stoty being accepted and believed by anybody : to bo sure sho herself had been trained as Indies in shops generally are, to mistrust all mankind, and she could not under stand at all the kind ojconfidenoo whioh comes of having a thing presented to yonr consideration which you ardently desire. When they arrived In Chester-square she found -wait-' ling for her a lady who was certainly not beau-' tfful, -'hut ahe had kind eyes whioh looked; I eagerly at the slrango face and with an ex- pression of disappointment, "II can't l-s the fringe," thought Lotty. "Cou rin Clara," she said softly and sweetly as her husband had taught hor; "I am Iris De.sercl , tho daughter of yonr old playfellow, Claude." " Oh ! my dear, my near," cried Clara with enthusiasm, "corao to my arms. Welcome home again." Sho kissed and embraced her. Then sho held her by both hand3 and looked at her Face again. "My dear," nho Baid, " yon havo beon a long time comiug. I had nlmo3t given up hoping that Clande had any children. But you aro welcoino after all— vory welcome. Y'ou are in your own house remember, my dear. This house is yours, and the plate and furni ture and everything, and 1 am or ly your tenaut." " Oh ! " said Lotty overwhelmed. Why ilio had actually been taken on her word or rather the word of Joe. " Lot mo kiB3 you again. Your face doe3 not remind mo as yet, in a single thing, of your father's. But I daresay I Bhall fin! re semblance presently. And indeed your voice does remind me of his already. I Co had a singularly swcot and delicate voice." "Iris has a remarkably '.wet and delicato voice,'' said .Too. " No doubt sho got it from hor father. Yoa. vT! hear hor sing presently." Lotty hard!v knew her husband. His faca was preterna! urally solemn, and he looked as if he was engaged in the most s-rious busmess of his life. "All lier father's ways wore gentle and deli cato," said Clara. "Just liko Iter's," said Joo; "when all of is — American boys and girls, pretty rough at '.imcs — were playing nnd larking about, Iris would bo just sitting about like a cat in a carpet, quiet nnd demuro — I suppose Bhe got that way, too, from her father." " No doubt ; and as for yonr faco, my dear, I dare say I Bhall find a likeness presently. But just now I see none. Will you take off your bonnet ? " When the girl's honnot was off, Clara looked at her again cnriotialy bnt kindly. " 1 suppose I can't holp looking for a likeness, my dear. But you must take after yonr mother, whom I novor saw. Your father's oyos vera full and limpid ; yours are large- and clear and bright — very good eyes, my dear — but they are not limpid. His mouth was flexible and mobile, but yours is firm. Yonr Imir, however, re minds mo somewhat of his, which was much y our light slmdc of brown wlicn he wa3 young. And now, sir " — she addrc3sod Joe — " now yon. have brought this dear girl nil tho way across the Atlantic, what are you going to do?" " Well, I don't exactly know that there's anything to keep mo," said Joe. " You seo 1'vo got my practice to look after at homo — I am a physician, as I told yon — and my wife and children — and the sooner I get back tho better, now that I can leavo Iris with hor friends, safe and comfortablo." "Ye3; it is very natural that yoi shonld want to go homo again : and you will bo con tent to stay with mc, my dear, won't you ? Y'ou need not be afraid, sir, I assure you, thnt her interests will in any way suffer. Toll her to write and let you know exactly what is done. Let her, however, since she is ou Eng. lisli girl, remain with English friends, and get to know her cousins and relations. Yon can safely trust her with rue, Dr. Washington." "Thank you," said Joe ; "you know that when one has known a girl all her life, ono is naturally anxious about her lrippiness. Wc are almost brother and Bister." "I know ; and I am sure, Dr. Washington, wo onght to bo most gratofnl to yon. As for the money yon have expended upon her, let mo once more beg of you — " Joo waved his hand majestically. " As for thnt," he said, " the money ie spent. Iris is welcome to it if it were ten time/ ns much. Now, madam, you treated me the v cry first day that you saw me with two hundred pounds sterling ; only an English lady would have dono that. You trusted rue without asking me who or what I was, or doubting my -word. I assure you, madam, I felt that kind ness nnd that trust very much indeed, and in return I have brought you Iris herself. After all expenses paid of coming over nnd getting back, buying a few thing3 for Iris it I find that there's anything over I shall ask you j to take back tho balance. Madam, I thank j you for the money, but I am sure I have repaid you — with Iris." This was it very clever spco.eh. If ihoro had been a shadow of a doubt about it, in Clara's heart (which there was not) it wonid vanish now. She cordially and joyfully ac- copted her newly found cousin. "And now, Iris," ho said, with a manly tremor in lib voice, "I do not know If I shall seo yon again before I go away. If not, I shall take -your fond love to nil oi 'them at home, Tom nnd Dith nnd Harry and Har riet ©ml Prissy and all of them"— Joe really was carrying the thing through splendidly — 'and perhaps, my dear, when you are a grand lady in England you will give n thought — e thought now and again— to your old friends across the water," " " Oh, J oe," cried- Lotty really carried away with, admiration, and ashamed of her scepti cal spirit, "Oh!" sho whispered, "ain't you splendid," "But.you'must not go, Dr. "Washington," said Clara, " without coming again to say fare well. Will you not dine with us to-night? Will you stay and have luucli ( "No, madam, I thank you, It will bo best for mo' to leave Iris niono with you. Tho sooner she learns your English ways and for gets American ways the better." " But yon are not going to start away for Liverpool at onoo ? You will stay a day or two in London." The American physician said that perhaps he might stay a week longer for scientific pur poses. " Havoyou got enough money, Joo?" asked the now Iris, thoughtfully, Joe gave her a glaneo of infinite admira tion. "Well," he said, "tho fact is that I Bbouldlike to buy a few hooks, and tilings, per haps." "Cousin," said Iris,' eagerly, " pie: so givo him a cheque lor a hundred pounds, make it n hundred, ' You said everything was raino. No, Jos, I won't hear a word about repayment. As if a little thing liko City pounds should want to bo repaid! As if yon and f conld ever talk ' about repayment !" . ! Ciiira did' as siib was aske 1, readily and agorjy,' Than Joe doparted, promising to call and say h-rowcll before ho left Englaud- and resolving thnt in his -next vicit, his last visit, thoroebc i'u be another cheque. "And now, my dear," naid Olaia warmly, "sit down and let us talk. Arnold is coming to lunch with us nnd to make yonr acquaint ance." When Arnold cjmo a Ccw miuutos lator ho was astonished to find his cousin already on the m03t affectionate terms with tho nowly arrived Iris De.-xrct. Slio wn3 walking about tho room showing licr the pi Cures oi bcr grandfather and other ancestors, and thoy were hand in hand, "Arnold," said Clara, " Hub is Iris, and I hope you will both ho great friends, Iris. This in my cousin, but lie is not yours." " 1 don't pretend to know how that may be," Baid the young lady, "but then I am glad to know all your cousins, whethor they aro mine or not, only don't bother me with questions, because I don't remember anything, anil I don't know anything. Why, until tho other day I did not oven know that I was an Eng lish lady— not in til thoy found thoBO papers." A rtrange accent for an Ame -ienn, nnd aha certainly Baid "laidy" for "lady" anil "pafi'.i" for "paper " like a cockney. Alas! this course of London Music Halls, even to country bred damsels. Arnold took her hand, but observed im ir dintoly thnr. Ihu new comer might bo called anything in the world, hilt could not bo called a lady. She was handsome certainly, but bow could Claude Deseret's daughter have grown into so .mmon a type of beauty ? Where was the d -licacy of feature an ; man ner which Clara had never ceased to commend in speaking of hex lost cousin? " Iris," said Clara, "is our little savage from t'nc American forest. Sho is queen 1'ocahontas, who has come over to England to win all our hearts. My dear, my cousin Arnold Ar- buthnot will help mo to make you an English girl, n.y dear. ' Sho spoke as if tho State of Maino was still the hunting ground of tho Sioux. Arnold thought that a lesa American looking girl ho had never soon ; that she did not speak, that she did not look a lady was to be oxpccted, Tierhaps, if sho had, as was nrobablo, been brought up. by rongh and unpolished people. But ho had no doubt any more than CInrn her self as to the -dentity of the girl. Tim question asyet'md not entered into his head; nobody ever doubts a claimant. Every impi stor from Demetrius downwards, has gained his sup porters and pari; ,aus hy_oiinply living among them, and keeping up ttuTimpc ilioiu Itis so cosy, in fact, to be a claimant, that it is won derful there are not more of them. Thou luncheon was served, and the young- lady not only showed a noble appetite, but, to Arnold's a< touiahment, confessed to an ardent love for bottled stout. " Most American ladies," he Baid, " only drink water, do they not?'" Lotty perceived that she hod made a mis take. "I only drink stout," she Ba'd "when tho doctor Ullr mc. But I lit e it all tho same." Sho certainly had no American accent ; but she would not talk ; she was perhaps shy. After luncheon, however, Clara asked her if sho would sing, and she complied, showing considerable skill with her accom- pauimcut, ar.d singing a simplo song in good taste and with a sweet voice. Arnold ob served, however, that thero was some weak ness about tho lottcr II less common among Americans than nmong tho English. Pro- sently ho went away, and the girl, who had been anxious that ho was watching hor, breathed more easily. " Who is your cousin Arnold 5" she asked. " My dear, ho is my consin, but not youra. Yon will not see him often bccauso ho u going to bo married, I am sorry to say, and to bo married beneath him — soma tradesman's girl, my dear." " Dreadful," said Iris, with a queer look in her eyes. " Woll, cousin, I don't want tc seo muoh of him. He's a good looking chap, too. though rather too finicking for my tajte. I liko ' a man who looks as if ho conld knock another man down. Besides, he looks at me as if I wn- a riddle, and ho wanted to find out the answer." In the evening Arnold found that no change had come over tho old man. Ho was qnite un conscious of tho man in possession, and was coi tinnally congratulating him-.elf on his cleverness in remembering tho lost bits of evi dence wanted to establish Iri3 in her rights. He was, however, perfectly happy, so thnt, con- eidcring tho rain of his worldly prospects, it was perhaps ns well that he had parted for a time with his wits, " Yon told me," said Lala Roy, " that another Iris had just come from America to claim an inheritance oi yonr cousin. Did any body come with her ?" " Yes ! Sho was brought over by a young American physician, one of tho family who adopted and brought her up." " What is ho liko, this young American ?' "I havo not soon him." " Go, my yoncg friend, to-morrow morning, and ask your cousin if this photograph resem bles the American physician." Itwn3 tho photograph of a liandsomo yonng follow with' strongly marked features, appar ently tall and well Bet np." "Lala — you don't suspect — you don't think — " " Hush 1 I know tho thief. I have found tho man who has tho papers." " And you think — yoa havo reason to be lieve — that the man who stolo the papers is connected witli — but then thoso papers -must lie — oh 1 it cannot bo. T'x then Iris would bo Clara's cousin — and the other an impoetor." Everything is possible ; bnt silenco before everything. Do not speak a word even to Iris. If tho papers are lost, they aro IoBt. Better say nothing to hor, and find out if that photograph resembles the American phvsl- ciaa." Ch.vptkix XI.— The Atonehext. . Jamos arrived as usual in tho morning at nine o'clock in order to take down tho shutters. Ho found Lala Roy and Iria waiting for htm with grave faces. "James," she satu quietly, "your master has suffered a great shook, and is not himself this morning, His safo has bcca opened by soma ons, and papers havo been taken out." " l'apora. Miss ? Papers ? out of tho Bafo ?" ,rYos. Thoy are papers of no value what ever to tho thtof, whoever ho may he. But tliay are of tho groatost importance to us. Your, master eeoms to have lost |us m emery I for n while, and cannot help us in finding out . who has done this wicked thin", Yoi. h. 8 been a faithful servant for so long : «,at I W ® H sure you will do what you can form? B forua Try to remember if' anvbodv W? B yourself has had access to the safe" B James sat down Ho felt that' he'must 8it B down, though Lala Roy was looking at him B suspiciously, Tho whole enormity of his guit B fell upon lum, Ho had got tho key. He had B given it to Mr. Joseph nnd he had ! got it back fl again. It was at that vory moment in his H pocket. Ha was struck with a horrible dread H and a luarfnl looking forward to judmnc-t and condemnation. 3 B to'J mc," ho murmured. "Oh the H villain ! H swore to me that hi had taken B nothing from the sate. He said ho (rely 100£" in anil read tho contents. Tho scoundrel ! Ha I lias stolm tho papers ! Ho must Lave known 8 they were there. And then to eavo himself B ho put me on to tho job." I Ho grasped tho paste brush nnd sat down to 1 his work, but his heart Was .not in it and B presently a thought pierced his brain as an B arrow j icrcolh the heart, and under tho nam? B mid agony of it his faco turned ashy pale and I the big drops stood upon his brow. I " Eor," he thought, " auppoSe the ihing wti I i broad ; suppose they ndvortiso a reward I supposa tho ma-, who made tho key see3 tho' I odvertiacmont, cr hears about it, and ho knows ' I my name nnd m V busincss,anil he'll let out for I a reward— I know ho wiil— who ordered that I key of him." 1 Already he saw himself examined before a 1 magistrato; already ho saw 'in' imagination I that locksmith's man who made thokey kis-.lng I tho Testament and giving his testimony clow I and distinct, which could not be'shaken. i "Oh Lord! oh Lord!" ho groaned." "No ono will boliove :ao oven if I do confess tho truth, and as for him, I know him well ; he'll only laugh at mc. Ho was so goaded by this terror that ho loft tho shop unprotected, a thing lio had never thought to do, and ran as fast as ho could to Joe's lodgings. But ho was no longer there ho had not been thore for six weeks. Tho' landlady did not know .his address, or would not give it. Then Jamos felt sick nnd dizzy, and.wonld have sat down on the- doorstep and cried but for the look of tho thing. Be sides, lie remomhered tho unprotected shop. So lio turned awny eadly and walked back to Emblem's, understanding now that ho had been not only fooled but that he had fallen into a trap artfully sot to fasten suspicion and guilt upon himself. V. hen he returned he found the place fuUof -people. "Mr. Emblem sat in his: chair in'tfio .bick shon as usual, and ho was smiling. Ho did not look in tlie least like a mail who had been robbed. Ho was smiling; pleasantly and cheerfully. Mr. Chalkcr was- thore, with: whom no ono ever smiled ; end Lala Roy, solemn and digniGed, and a Man— an unknown man — who sat in tho onter shop and oe'emed to take no interest at all in tho proceedings. IVcrc thoy, then, going to arrest him' on tin spot? Apparently thoy were not, for-no ono took tho least notico of him, and thoy wero occupied with something else. How' conld they think of anything elso? Aid Mr. Chalker, standing at the table, was making a speech. "Y'ou seo, Mr. Emblem," he aatd, " I havo told you already that I don't want to do anything to worry you. Let us he friends all round. This gentleman, your friend from India, will adviso yon I am enrc, for yonr own good, not to bo obstinate. Lord, what is the amount r:'ter all to a substantial man like yon? Granted that it was borrowed to get yonr grandson out of a scrape. Supposing he pro mised to pay it back and l.asn't done so, ratting tlie case that it has grown and de veloped ns bills will do, and can't holp doing, it isn't tlie Fault of the lawyer, but tho very nature of a hill to go on growing. Why, after all, you were your grandson1' -security, and when I wonld no longer renew you gave of your own accord a bill of sale on goods and furniture. Come now, didn't yon ? Don't lot ns linvo any bitterness or quarrelling. Let's befriends. "V'r. Emblem sm'tlo-l pleasantly, buCdid not reply. " " "A bill of salo it was, dated January the l. th, 18B3, before that cussed act of Parlia ment granted tho five days' notice, , Here is tho bailiff's man in possession. Yon can pay the amount, which ie, with costs, £351 13e, 4d., c.t once, or you may pay- it four daya hence, Otherwise tho shop nnd furniture and all will bo sold off in sevon daye." . "Oh, Lord ! oh, Lord," James gasped, "We're going to bo sold up." . . " Three hundred and fifty pounds," said Mr, Emblem. " My friends, let us ratlier Speak of thousands. This is n happy day for ail oi us. Sit down, Mr. Chalkor, ray dear friend, sit down. A happy morning." . : . "What the devil is the matter withiim? , asked tho money lender. ' " There was something, Chalkcr, about mjr grands' n. Joo wa3 always a bad lot ; lucky his father and mother are out of tho way ia Australia. You came to mo abont that busi ness, didn't you " He's mad," groaned James ; "he's gons stark etaring rand." _ ' " You don't seem qnite yourself this morn ing, Mr. Emblem," said Mr. Chalkei1. " Per haps this gentleman, yoiir friend i from India, will adviso you when I lim gone, / You don t understand, Mister" — ho addressed 'Lata Roy — "the natureof a bill, one p you start a bill, it's like planting a troo,for It grows and groWB of its own accord, and by Act of Parliament, too ( though t'uoy do try to hack and cut it down in the moBt crncl way. You see, Mr. Emblem is obstinate. He's got to pay' off that b'ifr" which is a bill of sale, and ho won t do it, Make him writo tho cheque and. havo doao with it." , "This Is tho best day's :work I ever did, said Mr. Emblem. "To remember the letter and ovciything. Mr. Arbuthnot has very likoly finishod tho wholo business by now. Thousands — thonsands — and all for Iris ! "Look iiore, Mr, Emblem," said the lawyer an"rilv, " you'll not only be a bankrupt if you go on' like this, but you'll bo a fraudulent bankrupt as well. Is it honest, I want to know, to rcfuso your just debts when you ve pat by thousands os you boast— you actually boast —for your granddaughter. "Yes." said tho old man, "Ins will havs thousan s." , „ „ . " I th.nk, sir," said Lala Rov, "that yoa ore under an illusion, Mr. Emblem has no irach savings os you imagine." ' , , ' ? "Then why does he go on about tbou . sands?" ' "He has had a shock; he cannot quiW understand what 1ms happened, l ou ' better Ieavo him for the present." ' . ' j "Loavo liim? And nothing but thcso tnouldy old books, Here you, air, yon— James V-come hero— what i» tho stock worth ?" ' "It deponda npon whothor you aro buying or soiling," eald James, "If you were to 6oli (t under tho hammer in lota, it wouldn't fotoh 0 hundrod pouuda." "There— you hoar. ' "Pray, »ir," oaid Lain Hoy, " who told you that Mr. Emblem waa eo wealthy J" « Hla grandson," "Thon, air, perhaps it would bo well to question the grandeon further. Ho mavkuow things of. which wo havo heard nothing. ' ' '"The Act of olghtoon hundred and eighty- two whiok camo into oporation tho following January, la cruel to those who advanced money on bills of salo boforo that date ; for it allows, it aotually allows the debtor five clear days during which ho may, it he can, without being caught, make away with portions of his furni- turo and belongings— the smaller and the mcro precious portions— or ho may find some one else to lond him the money, and so get off clear and save his Bticks. It ia as Shylock declares, a most wickod and iniquitous act, by which the money lender I3 robbed, and many an honest tradesman, svlio would otherwise havo boon most justly ruined, is enabled to save hisatock, and loft to worry along until the tlme3 become Bioro.prcspcrous, To n man liko Mr. Chalker such an net of Parliament Is most revolting. Ho went away at length leaving the man, the professional porson, behind, Lnla Eoy persuaded Mr. Emblem to go upstairs, Ifo did 60 without any apparent consciousness that there was n man in possession, " James," raid Lala Eoy," "you know that your master has been robbed, That is ono thing t another tiling is that a creditor has liireatcned to sell olf everything for a debt. Most likely everything will be said and tho shop closed. You will lose the place you havo had f or five and twenty years. That is n bad business for you. Besides, the robbery. That is also a a bad bnslnoss." " It is," said James, with a hollow groan. "It is, Mister Lala Eoy." " Pray, Jamc3," continued this man, with grave searching eyes, which made sinners shske in their shoes, " pray why did yon run away, and where did you go, after you opened the shop this morning ? You wont to ecc Mr. Emblem's grandson, did you not ? Why ?" "I w— w— wont— oh ! Lord— I went to tell him what bad happened because lie is \- master's grandson," said James. " PiJ you toll him . "No ; he has left his lodgings, and ho always told me the shop was his— settled on him, he said," " He is the Father of Lies ; his end will It confusion, and confusion shall wait upon ail who listen to him, until they repent and make atonement." " Pen't— mister Lala Eoy — don't— you frighten me," Baid James. "Oh ! what a dreadful liar ho is !" ' All that morning tho Philosopher sat in the bookseller's chair, and Jamos in tho onter shop felt those deep eyes upon him and knew that hit by bit liis socret would bo dragged from him, If he could get up and run away —if a customer would come — if tho Hindoo gentleman would go upstairs — if lie could think of something else. But nono of those things happened, and James at his table, with paslo before him, passed a morning compau-' 1 which any scat anywhere ' la Purgatory svoh'id llr've been comfortable, Presently a strange feeling came oyer him as If some Invisible toree was pushing anil dragging him and forcing him to ' leave his chair and throwbimsolf at tho pliil- osofiher'a feet and confess ovorythiug. And ' fclfffrja those reproachful «ve3 fixed upon him. : And like a figure in a nightmare, a figure in. congrous, ont of place, tho man in possession tilting passive and unconcerned with one eyo 'en the street and the other on the shop.' Up- Stairs Mr. Emblem was sitting fast asleep ; joy bad made him sleepy, and Iris was at worn among her pupils' letters, compiling sums for ' the fruiterer, making a paper on conio sections for the Ciunbridgo man and working out tri gonometrical equationB for tho young school master, and her mind full of a solemn exulta tion and glory, for she was a woman who was loved. The other things troubled her but little. Her grandfather would soon get back his equilibrium of mind j tho shop mht he shut up, but that uiattercdlitllc. Arnold and Lain Eoy and her grandfather and herself would all live together, and she and Arnold would work. Tho selfishness of vonth Is really astonishing. I Nothing— exceptperbaps toothache— can mako I a gill unhappy who is loved and nowly ue- I trothed. Sho may say what she pleases ana I her face may ho a yard long when she speaks J of the misfortunes of others, hut all the timo I her h»r.rt ia dancing. . I To Lala Eoy, the situation presented a I p:o!dem within sufficient data, some of which I would hive to bo guessed. A letter, now lost, I 6»id that a certain case contained papers neccs- I 6iry to obtain nn unknown inheritance tor 9 Iris, How then to ascertain whether nnybo y 1 was expecting or looking for a girl to claim an I inheritance 1 Then there was half a ooat o i anas, and lastly there was a certain customer, a but of unknown name, who had been ac- 9 quainted with Iris's father before his marriage. I Kotar for Iris. As for tho thief, Lala ltoy I had no doubt at all. It waa, lie was quito cer- I lain, the grandson whoso career ho had watc le | with great interest and curiosity. 'Y"-? 0 I would steal it ! Also ho suspected that James I WS3 ia some way cognisant of the deed, w y a else did Ue turu bo pale ? Why did ho rush 0 | to Joe's lodgings! Why did ho sit tcemb- 1 big!" 1 At half-past twelvo, Lala Eoy rose. :| "Itiayour dinner hour," he said to James, ;| and it seemed to the unhappy man aB if no wa !s aaymj, " I know all, , , ,, i! "It L your dinner hour." Go, cat, refres j the body. Whom should suspicion aurigu S oicept tho guilty 1" James put on his hat anu « sueaked-he felt that lio was sneaking— out S Ot tho shop, During hla dinner hour, tuc honorable Jo30>li colled. It was ail unuBua thing to net him at any timo, as ho seldom came j Unless l,o was in a scrape and wanted money , bo one ever nude him welcome or begged turn tocimo more often. . . But this morning, ho walked upstairs an tproirod so cheerful, so entirely free from any Bill reproach for rait sins and so eaay in " mind, without the least toucli of the old hang do; look, that Iris began to reproach hcracii 'ot thinking badly of her cou-in. . r When lie wa3 told about tho robbery, 1 ' Oiprrraed tho greatest surpriso that any on opald ho no wioked as to rob an old man, I ' "'del hia general abhorrenco of crime in l ftwtraet, ho said that tho robbery ol ft «"e II -m60'08 ? v,llwny for which hanging was too mild, much too mild a punishment. He then asked his grandfather what were the con- touts of the pocket Btolen, and when he re- ccivcd no answer except a pleasant and choory augh, he asked Iris, and learned to his sorrow that the contents were unknown, and could not therefore he identified. This, he said, waa a thousand pitios, because, if they lmd boon known, a reward might havo boen offered, i'or his own part, he would advise tho greatest caution. Nothing at alt should be done at first ; no step should be taken which might awaken suspicion ; they should go on as if the papers were without value. As for that, they had no real proof that there was any robbery, Iris thought of telling him about 'the water- mark of the blank pages, but refrained. Per haps there was no robbery after all — who was to prove what had been inside tho packet? But if there had been papers, and if tliey wero valueless oxeopt to the rightful owners, they would porhap3 be sent back voluntarily ; or aftor a timo, say a year or two, tliey might bo advertised for, not as if tho owners were very nnxioiiB to get them, and not revealing the nnitire of tho papers, but cautiously, and pre sently, if tliey had not been destroyed, the holders of the papers would answer tho adver tisement, and then a moderate reward might after a while be offered, and ho on, giving ex cellent advice. While bo was Bpeaklng, Lala Eoy entered the room in his noiseless manner, and took his accustomed chair, "And what do you think, Sir ?" said Jo- soph, when he had fin'shed. " You havo heard my advico; You are not an Englishman, hut I suppose you've got some Intelligence." Lala bowod and spread his hands, but re plied not. "Your opinion should be asked," Joseph went on, " because you see, as tho only other person besides my grandfather and cousin in the house, you might yourself be suspectc-d. Indood," ho added, " I liavo no doubt you will be suspected when I take over the conduct of the oase. It will perhaps bo my duty to sus pect you." Lala bowed again and again spread his bands, but did not speak. In fact Joseph now perceived that he was having the conversation wholly to himself. His grandfather snt passive, listening as one who in a dream hears voices, but doeB not heed what thoy are saying, yet smiling politely. Iris listened bnt paid no heed. She thought that a great deal of fuss was being made about papers, which perhaps wore worth nothing. And as for hor inheritance, why as she never oxpectod to get any, ehe was not going. to mourn the loss of what perhaps was worllv nothing. " Very well then" said Joseph. " That's all I've got to say. I've given you the best advico lean, and I suppose may go. Have you lost your voice Iris !" . 1 " No, but I think you had better go Joseph, My grandfather is not able to talk this morn ing and I dare say your advice is very good— but we have other advisers.". . . - " As for you, Mr. Lala Eoy or whatever you call yourself" said Joe roughly, " I've warned you, Suspiolou will certainly fall npon. you and what I say is 'Take care.' Well I never did believe in niggers, and I wouldn't bnvo one in the house." Lala Eoy . again bowed and spread bis fingerB. Then Joseph went away. The door betwocn the shop and the hall was half open and ho looked in. A strange man was Bitting In the onter. shop, a pipe in his month, ana James was leaning his head upon his bands with wild and haggard eyes gazing straight before him. . V Poor, devil," murmured Joseph. "I feel for him I do indeed. - He bad tho key made — for himself ; he certainly let me use it once, bnt only once, and who's to prove it ? and he's bad the opportunity every day of using itliim- self. That's very awkward, Foxy, my boy, now if I were Foxy I should ho In a funk my self." He strolled away, thinking that all pro- mind well. Lottv most favorably and unsua- picioialy received ia hor new, character ; no one'rpowing tho contents of the .packet ; his granifather gone silly ; and for himself, bo had had tie opportunity of advising exactly what lie wifliod to bo done, namely ,"? that silence. and i taction should be observed, for a space, K order to give the thieves a'ohahce of offering Norms. -What better advice eonld he givo? Ant what lino of action would be bettor or safer foihimself ? If Jame3 Yd known who waa in the house paBsage the ow side of the door, there would I think, haveUkjj a collision. But lie did not know, and presYiy Eoy came back and the torturobegaify-jd,,. James took down book3 and put them uVat;a'n. He moved about feverishly, doing "Hring, with a dustc-r in his hand ; hut all the \e u, f,.; those deep ac cusing oyes npon hi. wjth a silence worne than a thousand ffUVoqa, He knew— he was perfectly c.cl \tl,at hs should bo found out He longeitL rllu amy; which would be tho same thing \ confC5S;on And all the trouhlo for nothin„x.nj (i10 bailiff's man' in possession, ana '\f0 robbed and those eye3 upon him, B,! J= \pla!n as eyes could speak, " Tliou art the mat "And .Too is tho man, 6ald\ne5 "pot mo at all. What I did I Z tempted. Oh . ho s a p far and Bi n wlbv this time listened to reason. It£ tho business of him who makes plead, T -r ..I... men's distress— a3 the isckal fcei „ tho offal and the putrid carcass— to know "P voetlv as ho can how hia follow . creaturos aB 1 ml For tliin roason each an one dotli oro situat . 1!stcni p;ck up secrets, put fwo and two together, and pry curiously into I n.lv 'a affairs, boing novcr fio happy as 6\er i e ects"n opportunity of going to the when g mau qquw nmong those rescue of ."repute about the lower cr.d haa a bcttcr.rnii ! xri vi.iblein and no one was considered tha? Mr'b? ' ":c of bis chances. Tlras .it to have m Clialkcr received J\e was with jo) that MJ m he (li,tot, oue evening, and heaid £,q T story that if iccouia £,0 few hours 1 lie flr_ Emblem's nanie-J wTt was presontod, howevor, and the cir- ? oxulaiued, the old gentleman, who oumstance onj oWQ tho ,,gtrature. bad at first told no ono that his I grandson had written ft without the imal formality of consulting him. In other words, J osoph Was a forgor, and Mr, Chalkor know it, and this made him tho moro astonished when Mr. Emblem did not take up tho bill, but got it renowod quarter aftor quarter, sub stituting at length a bill of sale as if he was determined to pay as much as posaiblo for his grandson's sins. "Whore is ho?" askod tho monoy lender angrily, " why don't ho como down and face his Creditors ? " " Master's upstairs," said James, " and you've seen yourself, Mr. Chalkor, that he is off his chump. Aud oh t Bir, who would have thought that Emblem's would have come to ruin?'' "But thoro's something, James. Come, think ; there must bo something." " Mr, - Joseph said thero were thousands. But he's a terrible liar, Oil ! Mr. Chalkor, he's a terrible liar and villain, Why, lie's evon decoivod me." " What ?" Has ho borrowod your monoy ?" " Worso, worse ; do you know where I could find him, air." " Well, I don't know." Mr, Chalker was not in ths habit of giving addresses, but in tills case, perhaps Joe might bo squeezed as woll nihil grandfather. Unfortunately, that bill with the signature had been destroyed. "I don't' know. Perhaps if I find out I may tell you. _ And Jamos, if you can learn any- thing, this rubbish won't fetch half the money, I'll mako it worth your while, James, I will indeed," " I'll make him tako his share," said James to himself. " If I have to go to prison bo shall go too. They shan't Baud me without Bonding him." He looked round. The watchful eyes wore gone. ' The Hindoo had gone away noiselessly. James breathed again. "After all," ho said, "how are they to find out? How are they .to provo anything? Mr. Joseph took the things, and I helped him to, and ho won't Split, and, oh Lord ! if thoy were to find it," For at that moment he felt the duplicate key In his waistcoat pocket. "If they wero to find it !" He took the key ont ana looked at it, as a murderer might look at his blood stained weapons. And just then one hand was laid upon' his shoulder, and another quickly took the key from between his fingers. He turned quiokly, and his kness gave way and he 6ank upon the floor, crying, " Oh ! Mr. Lala Eoy, Mr. Lala Eoy. I am not the thief. I am innocent. I will tell you all about it. I will confess all, I will indeed." . "On the heels of Folly," said the sage, "trcadeth Shamo. You will now be able to understand the words of wisdom which say of the wicked man, ' the curse of iniquity pursueth him ; he livcth in continual fear : the anxiety of his mind taketh vengeance upon him.' Stand up and speak." The. Man in Possession looked on as if this incident was too common in families, for him to tako. any notico of it. Nothing) in fact, is able to touch the heart of tho Man iu Possession, bocauso nothing is sacred to him except the "sticks" he has to guard. Chapter XII.— Is This iuh Phoioouaph? Arnold thought the best way to get a little talk with his cousin and to watch Miss Deseret was to dine with her. He therefore went to Chester-square noxt day with the photagraph in his pocket. It was half au hour before dinner, and sho was alone, " My dear," she cried, " I am delighted with Iris." " I am glad," said Arnold, mendaciously. " I am delighted with her ; she is more tlinn I could havo expected, far moro, A few Ameri canisms, of course." "No doubt. When I saw her yesterday I thought they were Anglicisms rather but you have had better opportunities of judging." "You liavo in your own possession," said Arnold —"have you not? — all tho papers which establish her identity ?" " Oh '. yea ; they arc are all tn my safe. I slinll be very careful of them, though, of course, there is no one to satisfy except myself ; and I am perfectly satisfied. But, then, I never had any doubt from tho begenning." "No, you'nover did." " Truth, honor, loyalty and candor, as well 03 gentle descent, arc written in that girl's noble brow, Arnold, It is truly wonder ful," she went on, "how the old, gentle blood shows itself, and breaks out in the most unexpected conditions. In her face she is not much like her father, that is true, though sometimes I catch a momentary ro- somblance, which instantly disappears again. Her eyes are not in the least like his, nor has she his manner or carriage or any of his little tricks and peculiarities, though, perhaps, I Bhall observe some in time, But especially she resembles him in her voice. Tho tone, tho timbre, remind mo every moment of poor Claudo." "1 suppose," said Arnold, "that one must inherit eomothing, if It is only a voice, from one's fathor. Have you said anything to her yet about money matters and a settle ment of her claim?" "No, not yet. I ventnrod to approach the subject, bnt she would not hear of it, Bo I droppod ft, I call that truo delicacy, Arnold — native, instinctive, hereditary deli cacy." "Have you given any more money to the American gontloman who brought her ?'' "Iris made him take £50 against his will. Poop follow ! It went rather against tho grain, bnt hIic made him tako it. She said ho wanted books and instruments, and in sisted on his taking the money. It was 1 -onerous of hor, Yes, she is, I am convinced, ruly generous girl, and open hauded as the Now, would a common girl, a girl of descent, have shown so much delicacy aud Vaity?" Deo,1'10 "'".V. clarR- here is a photograph, jf|>clong to you?" I — I picked it up." had Rpved tlie photographs which Laia Eoy » oithiin. adapted'! !t !s Dr> Washington, Iris's di-nnned iher and guardian; sho must have year? bacahould think it was taken a few A handscmi" » !'tlU a very- good likeness. one rather. > 13 !c ,lot ' . uPon terday wero iW>nfr words with Iris yes- " I will t-ivjhg'iraod and tonching. without further?'101' Peutly," he replied, 1 There was tlierf 011'' n„ han impostor, and "'n s. \tlic pipers were ffan was the tine and Lien from the safety"? lv'"ch ',ad be.c.n V-n Iris. But ho V"3 W! I W of suspicion) W sh»w tUo loa9t "What aro you thinking about, Arnold t Yonr face !b as black as thundor." "I- was thinking of my engagement, Clara." "Why, you are not tired of it already. An engaged man, Arnold, ought not to look so gloomy as that." " I am not tired of it yot. Bat I am un happy as regards your disploasure, My dear cousin, I owe so much to you that I want to owe you more, I am so sure that you will want me to marry Miss Aglicn when you know her that I cngago not to marry her unloBS you entirely approvo. Let me owe my wife to you as well as everything else." " Arnold, you aro not iu earnest ?" " Quite in earnest." " But I ohail nover approve. Never — nover — nover. I could not bring myself under any circumstances to approvo of a m'.mUiance," " My dear cousin, I am now certain that you will approve. If I wore not quito certain I would not have mado this promise. But to re turn to your newly found cousin, Tell me more about her." " Well — I have discovered that she is a really very clever and gifted girl. She can imitate people in tho most wonderful way, especially aotresses, thougli sho has only been to a theatre once or twice in her life. At Liverpool alio heard aomo one sing what sho calls a topical Bong, and this sho actually remembers, and car ried it away in her head — every word — and can sing it jnet as they Ring it on the stago — with all the vulgarity and tho gesturos imitated to theverylifo. Of course I should not likelier to do thiR before anybody else, but it Is really wonderful," "Indeed !" said Arnold, " It must ha very clevor and amusing." " Of course," said Clara, with colossal igusr- ance, " an American lady cannot be expected to understand Euglish vulgarities." Arnold thought that a vulgar song could be proporly valuod by any lady, either American or English, but ho Said nothing. And thon the young lady liorsclf appeared. She had been with Clara to several ehops already, and now bore upon her person tho charming result of these journoys in tho shape of a garment that was rich in the texture and splendid in the making. But Arnold was now more than suspicious, and only considered how his cousin could for a moment imagine this person to be a lady. " Clara's cousin," she said ; " I don't know your.name. How do you do, again?" And then they went in to dinner, " You have learned, I suppose," said Arnold, " something about the Deseret family by this time," . . " Oil ! yes, I have hoard all about tho family tree.' -But I don't care much for it." "Little Eepublican !" said Clara, "She actually does not care about belonging to a good old family." Tho girl made a little move. " Your family can't do much for you that I eau see, except to make you proud nnd pretend not to see other women in tho shop. That is what the county ladicB do." "Why, my dear; what on earth do you know of the county ladies ?" " Only what I've read, cousin. But that's enough, I'm sure. Stuck up things." If she showed a liking for stout at lunch she manifested a positive passion for champagne at dinner. " I do like the English custom," she said, " of having two dinners in the day." "Ladies in America, I suppose," said Clara, !' dine in the middle of the day." "Always)" . "But I- have visited. families fn New York and Boston who dined late." "Daresay,"' she replied carelessly. "I'm going to have some more of that curry stuff, please. . And don't ask any more questions." " She likes England, Arnold. She like the country very much." ; " At all events," she said, " I like this honae, which is fine— proper. And the furniture and pictures and all — tip top. But I'm afraid it is going to be awful dull, except at meals, and when the fizz is going." "My dear child," said Clara, "you have only just come. You must take a little time." "I want to go about and see things— theatrcs 'and music hails." "Ladies do not go to music halls," said Arnold, . . ,.- . " Gentlemen do ; why not ladies, then ? I want to go solhewhere every night, I want to see everything there is to see, and to hear all that thore is to hear." "We shall go— a good deal into society," said Clara, timidly, " Society will come back to town very soon now — at least, some of it." " Oh ! yes, I daresay. Society I No thank yon, with company manners. Iwantto laugh and talk and enjoy myself." Perhaps tho champagne had made hor forget the instructions of her tutor. At all events, she looked an j tiling liut " quiet," then, with her face flushed and her oyes bright. Suddenly she caught Arnold's oxprcsaion of suspicion and watch fulness, and subdued hor in clination to get up from tho tabic and dance. "Forgive me, Clara," alio murmured in her swectc3t lono, " forgive me cousin. Let me atay quiet withyou for a while. You know the thought of stiff London quito frightens me. I am not uicd to anything stiff. Let mo atay quiot witli yon." " Dear girl," cried Clara, tier eyes fillingwith tears, "bIio has all Claude's affectionate soft ness of heart." " I believe," said Arnold, afterwards, "that bIic must have boon a circus rider or something of that sort, What on oarth does Clara moan by the gentle blood breaking out ? Wo nearly had a breaking out at diuner, but it waau't tho ccutlo blood." After dinner Arnold found her Bitting on a sofa with Clara, who was telling hor something about the glories of tho Deserot family. He was half inclined to pity the girl or to laugh—lie was not certain which— for the patience with which sho listened, iu order to make amends for any bad impressions produced at dinner. He asked hor presently if alio would play. She might be, and cortainly was, vulgar, but sho could play well, and sho knew good music. People generally think that good music softens , manners, and does not permit those who play and practice it to lie vulgar. But concerning this young person so much could not bo said with any truth, "You play very woll, When did you learn? Who was your master?" Arnold asked. She began to reply, but stopped Bhort. Ho had vory noarly caught hor. "Don't ask questions," she Baid, " I tokl you not to before. Look here," she glanced at iier cousin ; "do you always spend your even ings UUothU?1' " How like this?" "Why, in a swallow tail going ronnd a' drawingroom with the women like ft tamo cat." " Generally I do." " Oh, Lord ! Do all yonng Englishmen" carry on in tho same way?" || Why not?" "Don't tliey go to music halls, and dancing cribs, and such 1 " ' Perhaps. But what doos it concern u3 to know what other men do ?" " O I not much, Only if I were a man liko' you I wouldn't consent to he a tame cat liko you. That is all." She meant to inauit and offeud him so that he should not come any more. But she did not sucoood. He only laughed and sat down beside tho piano. "You amuse me," he said; "and you a(- tonlsli mo. You aro the most astonishing per son I over met. For instance, yon como from America and you talk London slang. How did it get thero J" " I don't know. I nover asked. Camo wrapped up in brown paper, perhaps, with ft striug round it." " You liavo lived in Amorica all your life,' and you look more liko an Englishwoman than any other girl I have over seen." 11 Do I ? So much the better for mo, and so much the worse for tho other girls. Did you think American girls, all squint, perhaps, or havo got hump backs ? Anything else ?" _ " You were brought up in a little American village, and yet you play with tho style of ft girl who has had the best masters." She did not explain — it wai not necessary to explain that ner master had been her father, who was a teacher of music. "I can't help it, can I?" sho asked, "I can't help it, if I turned out different to what yon expected, Peoplo sometimes do, yon know. If you don't approve of me, its man ners, I suppose, to tell a girl that you don't, bo that there shall bo no mistake made after wards. I say, aro you going to como here oftoa ? Because, if you are, I shall atay up stairs in my own room. You and mo won't get on very well together, I am afraid." " I don't think you wiil see mo very often," he replied. "That is improbable. Yet I daresay I shall come hero as often as I usually do." " What do you mean by that ?" She lookod sharply and suspiciously at him. He repeatod hia words, and she perceived that there was meaning in them, and sho felt uneasy. , "I don't understand at all," olie said " Clara tells me that this house is mine. Now, don't you know, I shall only havo my own friends in my own house." h " That seems reasonable, No ono can ex pect anything else." " Well, I am not going to talk riddles any more. Is there anything else you want to say?" ' " Nothing more I think at present, thank vou." " Oli ! if there is, you know, don't mind me." I'm nobody, of coarse. I'm not expected to have any manners, I'm only a Yankee. You can say what you please to me, and bo an rude as you please, Englishmen always aro ai rude as they can be to Amorican girls, I've always heard that," Arnold laughed. " At all events," he said, "you have charmed Clara, which is the only really important thing. Good night, Miss Deseret." "Good night, old man," she said, laughing and showing her white teeth, " I daresay when you've got rid of your company manners that you're not a bad sort. Perhaps, after ail, you are as fond of a kick up ou your way homo as anybody. Trust you qnlet chaps." Clara had not heard much of this conversa tion, because the girl was playing ail the tima some waltz music which enabled her to talk and play without being heard at tho other euA of the room. Well, there was now no doubt. The American doctor and the subject of tho photograph were certainly the same. And this samo man was the thief of the safe and the packet. And Iris Aglcn was Iris Deseret Of that, too, Arnold had no longer any doubt. There was, however, ono thing more. He looked up the Desoret arms. Tho quartcrings were so far what Mr. Emblem re collected. "It is," said Lala Eoy, " exactly what I thought. But, as yet, not a word to Iris." He then proceeded to explain the repent ance and confession of the remorseful James. Bat he did not toll all. For the wise man never tolls all. What happened was this. When James had made a clean breast and con fessed his enormous share in tho villainy, Lala Eoy bound him over to secrecy under pain of Law — Law the Rigorous, pointing out that, although tliey do not, in England, exhibit tho Kourbash or bastinado the soles of tho foot, they make the prisoner sleep on a hard beard, starve him on skilly, set him to work which tears his nails from his Angers, kcop him from conversation, tobacco and drink, and whon ho comes out eo hedge liim around with prejn- | dice, and so clothe him with shame that no ono will ever mploy liim again, and ho is, thoro- | foro, doomed to go hack again lo the English hell. Lala Eoy, though a man of few words, drew so vivid a description of tho punishment which awaitodhis penitent, that James, foxejt as I10 was by nature, felt constrained to resolra that, henceforth happen what might, then and for all future, ho would rango himself on tiio. side of virtua, and as a beginning ho promlaod to do evorything that ho could for the con founding of Joseph and the bringing ot thft guilty to justice, Chaweb XIII.— His Last Chamce. Tliroo days elapsed, during which nothing was done. That cause is strougest which can afford to wait. But iu those three days several things happened. 1 First of all, Mr. Chalker made up his rnind to losing most of his money nnd cursed Joa continually for having led him to build upon, liis grandfather's supposed wealth. Yot ha, ought to have known. Tradesmen do not lock up their savings in investments for thoic grandchildren, nor do they borrow In small sums at ruinous interest; nor do they gtv«, bills of sale. These general ruios Mr. Chalkoe knew. Yet lie did not apply them to thisi particular case. Thus it ia that tho moat as tute of makind may he led into tho ways 61 foolishness. Jame3, stimulated perpetually by fear ot prison or loss of character, Bliowed himself thft most repentant of mortals, Dr, Joseph Washington was lulled into tho m03t pcrfeot security ; nobody know where ho was or what ho was doing ; his Lotty had established hBx I Ml! firmly in Chester-square. Cousin Clara daily found eut new proofs of the gentle blood > breaking out ; Mr. Emblem laughed and smiled in unbroken serenity of spirit, and Iris went on with her pursuits . onconscioDB of what awaited her and careless of what had been loBt. Thoro was, in fact, no occasion for hurry of any kind, , twd no danger, save that in Cbcstcr-squnic ' Clara might bo urged to liasteu iho final step, .and even then — this Joseph, imperfectly understood — though slm might draw cheques , and give away largo sums of money, ... the estate could not he transferred without the consent and help of solicitors. On tko fourth morning Lala Boy sallied forth. Ho was proposing to try a great moral experiment-, the. nature of which you shall im- 'mediately nnderstand. ., 3?ir»t, howoTer, he raid a yisit to Mr. Chalker. . - The offico was on the ground floor, front . room in one of the small streets north of tho King's Bond. It was not an imposing office, Itor did it seem as if much business was dona there ; one clerk of tender years sufficed for Mr. C'halkor's wants. " Ob," bo said, "it's our friend the Hindoo. 1 Year a lodger of Mr. Emblem's, ain't yon i" " I am his friend. I am here on his behalf." ; .- Very well. I doro say wo shall come to ; terms if he'acomo to his senses. Just talie a .chair. : How is the old man ?' _ ' " He has not yet recovered tho uso of hi3 (intellect," . "Oh ! Then, how can you act far him if ho's off his head 1" "I cams to see if an English creditor will how mercy.!' " Mercy ? What is tho man talking about? (Mercy ? I want my money. What has money . gotto do with zncrey 2" : "1 will give you vonr money. You lent \- him fifty pounds. Will you take back your fifty pounds and leave us in peaco 2" < He drew a bog out of his poekot— a brown -banker's bag — in which Mr. Chalker distinctly beatd the rustling of note. This Is a sound which to some cars is more delightful than the fiucst music in the world, because it awakens the pleasurable emotions which belong to desiro and hankering after -possession and tho imaginary enjoyment of wealth. " Certainly not," said Mr, Chalker, confident that better terms than those wonld bo offcreJ. ' If that in all you hare to ray you may go away again." " But the rest is usury. Think. To give fifty and ask three hundred and fifty is tho part of a usurer." " Call it what you please. The bill of sale Is for three hundred and fifty pounds. Pay that three hundred and fifty and I take away my man. If you don't pay it then tho books on the shelves and tho furniture of the house go to the hammer." " The bouts, I am informed," Eaid Lala Roy, " will not bring so much as fifty pounds jftliey are sold at auction. As for the furni ture, some of is is mine." \- "It is a swindle," said Air. Chalker angrily. .-"It is nothing more nor loss than a swindle. \- That old man ought to be prosecuted. And mind you, I'll prosecute him, and you, too. for conspiring with him." ' "A prosecution," eaid the Hindoo, " would not hurt him, but might hurt you. l-'or it Would show how you lent him fifty pounds five years ago ; how you made him give you a bill for a hundred ; how you did not press bhn to pay that bill, but you continually offered to . renew it for him, increasing the amount on 'txch t'me of renewal ; how at last yon made him give you a bill of sale for three hundred and fifty. That is, I suppose, one of many ways in which Englishmen grow rich. There pre also usurers in India, bnt thoy do not in ; my country call themselves lawyers. A prose- Neutron wonld show that yon have done tho ' lame thing with many tradesmen who baTo infftred_ grcvious losses by you and your fellows in the samo profession. You are well known in the neighborhood, Mr. Chalker, and ' you are so much beloved that there are many ' -who would be delighted to relate their ex- perienccs and dealings with so clever a man. Have you ever studied, one asks with wonder, Ihe precepts of the groat sage who founded your religion ! " "Oh, como; don t let us have any religious nonsense." "I assure you they aro worth studying. I am myself a humble follower of Gautama, but' I have read thoso precepts with profit. In tho kingdom imagined by that preacher, there is no ' room for usurers, Mr. Chalker. Where, then, will be your kingdom ? E very man must' be iomewhere." " This is foolery." Mr, Chalker turned red and looked very uncomfortable. " Let us stick \- to business-" 11 L ou think then that the precepts of your age are only intended for men while they sit in tho church ? Many Englishmen think so, I ' tun told," ' "Payment in full, mister. That's wlut I want." He banged his fiat on tho table. "No abatement. No mercy shown to an nld man on tho edge of the grave. Think Mr. Chalker, you will soon be as old as Mr. Emblem — your hair as white, your reason as unsteady — " "Payrficnt in full," that ia what I want." .< "It ia well. Now Mr. Chalkerv I have therefore another proposal to make to you." '"I thought we should come to something more. Out with it." "I believe you are a friend of Mr.Emblem'a ' grandson." "Joe. Oh, yes. I know Joe." \- " You know him intimately," "Yes, I may say so, I believe-" \- ' " Yon know that ho forged hia grandfather's 'name, that he is a profligate and a spendthrift, and that he has taken or borrowed from hia grandfather whatever money he conld got, and that-tin short lie fs a friend of yours," Xt was not until after hia client had gone ' that Mr. Chalker understood and began to re lent thin last observation. "Go on," he ' Mid1." ' "If you can tell me anything about him " which may bo of use to mo I will do this. I wilt pay you double tho valuation of Mr. " Emblem's shop in return for a receipt in fhJI.' Mr. Challcer hesitated. A valuation would ' certainty give a higher figuro than a forced "sale, and- then that valuation doubled 1 '\V« n," he said, " I don't know. How am 'X tot find out'whether anything I tell you would ' ttib et uso' to you or hot t What kind of thing idb jou want ? How do I know that you won't £«t what you wanf.aad thta skcm it is of no 'MO TO JOB 7 _ " , " You have tho word of ono who never broke hia word." Mr. Chalker laoghod derisively. "Why," he said, " I wouldn't takn tho word oi an Eng lish nobleman where .money is concerned. What is it— what is the kind of thing you want to know " It is concerned with a woman." " Oh .' well, if it is only a woman. I thought it might be something about money. You soo Joe has got bis own ideas about mouoy, and perhaps he isn't so strict as might bo, and I should not like to let out one or two tbingo that only him and mo know." In fact, Mr. Chalker saw in imagination tho burly form of Joo in hia office brandishing a stick and accusing him of slander, "But as it is only a woman, which of 'em is it ?" "This i3 a young woman, said to be hand some, tall and finely made, with light brown hair and large eyes. That i.i her description." " Oh, I know tho girl ; splendid figure and goes well in tights." " I have not been informed on that subjoct. Can you tell mo any more about ker i" "I easpcct,Mister" said Joe's friend, "that you've made the acquaintance of a certain widow that was — married woman that is. I remember now that I'vo seen Hindoos in her lodgings, living down Poplar way," " Perhaps," said Lala, " and perhaps not." Hia face showed not tho least sign which could he read. " Well then, Joe thinks I do not know it, but ho is married to her as wol). I advised him about tho property. I can tell you that, be cause ho docs not suspect that I know it." " He is married to liar as well. Ho lias, then, two wives. The wife of tho splendid figure wiio goes well in tights, and the wife of the lodging house at Poplar, where Hindoos arc sometimes seen, Very good, what is the address of this woman 1" Mr. Chalker looked puzzled. " Don t you know it then 2 ; " What aro you driving at " What is her address 2" "Well, then," ho wrote an address and handed it over. "Lock here, whatever happens don't say I told you." "It shall bo a secret," said Lala, taking out the bag of notes. "Let us complete the business at once, Mr. Cbalker. I will givo you two bundled pouuds in discharge of your wliola claim, or you shall have double tlio valuation, whichever you Ilka." Mr. Chalker chose the former promptly, and in a few moments liandud over tho necessary receipts and sent his clerk to recall the mau in possession. " What are you going to do with Joe he asked. "No good turn I'll awear. And a more unforgiving face than yours I never sot eyes on. It isn't my business, but I givo you one warning. If you make Joo desperate he'll turn on you, and Lord help your slender ribs if Joo ouco begins. Don't mako him desper ate. And now I'll tell you another thing. That wife of his, that sings in a music hall, is desperately in love with Joe, moro than he ia with her, and if a woman's in love with a man there's ono thing she never forgives. You understand what tiiat is." " I do. I have had wives myself." " Oh ! Lord, he says he's had wives. How many?" Lala Boy read the receipt and put it iu his pocket. Then ho rose and remarked, with a emile of tho most lordly superiority, " It is a pleasure to give money to you, and to such as you, Mr. Chalker." " Is it ?'" he replied, " Givo mo some more, then." "You aro one of those, who, tho richer thoy become, tho less harm they do. Many Englishmen aro of this disposition. When they are poor they aro jackals, hyenas, wolves, and man eating tigers ; whon thsy are rich they bacomo benevolent and charitable, and show mercy unto tlio wtetcbed and tile poor. So that, ia thoir case, the words of the Wise Man are naught when ho saith, that the earth is barren of good things whero 3he hoardcth treasure, and that when gold la in her bowels no herb growth. Pray, air. Chalker, pray earnestly for gold in order that you may becorno virtuous." Mr. Chalker grinned but looked uncom fortable. il Inn ho grinned again, anil said, "I will, Mister, I will pray with all my might." Nevertheless, he remained for the space of the whole morning in uneasiness. The words of the Philosopher troubled him. I do not say that his mind went back to the days when he was young and innocent, because he was Etill young and lie never had been innocent : nor do I say that a tear ro:;e to bis eyes anil trickled down his cheek ; or that he resolved to confine himself for the future to legiti mate lawyers' work, not at all : I onlycay that lie felt uncomfortable and humiliated, and chiefly so because an old man with white hair and a brown skin —hang it ! a common Nigger— had been able to cause this discord in the Bwcct harmony of bis thoughts. Lnla Itoy then befook himself to Joe's former lodgings and asked for that gentle- man's present address. The landlady professed to know nothing. "You do know, however," ho persisted, reading tho. knowledge iu her eyes. "Is it tronblo you mean for him':" asked the woman, "and him snch a fine well net up young man too .' Is it tronble ? Oh J dear; I always thought he got his money oil the cross. Look here. I ain't going to round on him, So there — And you may go-" Lala Pioy opened his hand. There were at least five golden sovereigns glorifying his dingy palm. " Can gold," tho Moralist asked, " ever in- crcaso the virtue oi man '! Woman, how much "Is it trouble V she repeated, looking greedily at tho money. "Will the young man get copped ?" Lala understood no London slang. But he Bhowcd Iris hand again. "How much? Yet whoso is covetous, know tliat his heart is poor. How much _ " Pooryotmg man ! I'll take them all, please sir. What's he done " Where docs ho live 5" "I know where he lives," she said, "because our Bill rode away with him at tho back of bis cab, and saw where ho got out. He's married now and his wife sings at tlio Music Hall, and ho lives on her earnings. Quito tho gentleman he is now, and smokes cigars all day long. There's his address, and thank you for the money. Oh ! Lord" she said with a gocp, " to think that people cad tarn £to pounds so «#y»" "May tho gold procure you happiness— such happiness as you desire,1 said Lala Boy. " It will nearly pay ,tho quarter's rent. And that's about happiness enough for one morn ing." Joe was sitting in his room alone, and half nsleop. In fact be had a head upon him, lie jumped to his feet when lie saw Lala Boy. " Halloo !'' ho cried, " Yon hero Nig 2 How the devil did you find out my address There was not only astonishment hut node alarm upon his countenance. " Never mind. I want a littlo conversation with you, Mr. Joseph." "Well— sit down and lot. us liauo it out. I say, have you come to tell mo thnt you did sneak those papers after all ? What did you get for them 2 And where aro thoy i" " I have not come to tell you that. I dare say, however, wo shall bo able some day to tell you who did steal the papers — if any were stolon that is." "Quite so, my jolly mariner. If any were stolon. Ho 1 Ho I You' to got to provo that first, lmven't you ? How's the old man ?" " Ho is ill ; ho ia feeble with ago ; ho is weighed down with misfortune, I am come, Mr. Joseph, to ask your help for him." "My help for him? Why, can't ho help himself?" " Four years ago he incurred a debt for one who forgod hia nakne. Ho needed not to havo paid that money. But ho saved a man from prison." " Who was that ? Who forged his namo 2" I do nut name that man, whoso end will be miserable nnloss ho ropeut. This debt has grown until it is too largo for him to pay it. Perhaps his whole proporty will be sold by tho creditor." "How can I pay liim back? It isthreo hundred and fifty pounds now," eaid Joseph. " Man, thou hast named thyoelf." Joseph stammered bnt blnstored still. " Well, thon, what the devil do you mean— you and your forgery 2" "Forgery is one crime; theft is another. Think. You have boen saved once from prison. How liavo you shown your gratitude ? And what, now, will you do for your bene factor 2" " What do you mean, X say ? What do you mean with your forgery and prison? What has that got to do with mo ? Hang mo if X oughtn't to kick yon out of the room. I would, too, if you were ten years younger. Do you know, sir, that you aro addressing an officer and a gcntlemnn':" " There is sometimes even at tlio end a door for repentance. Young man, onco moro— con sider. Your grandfather is old and destitute; will you holp him J" Joseph hesitated. " I don't believe ho is poor at all. Ho has saved up all his money for the girl. Let her help him." " You are wrong ; he hs3 saved nothing. His granddaughter maintains herself by teach ing, ne lias not a penny. Yon have got frmn him, and you have spent, all tho money ho might'havo saved." " Then bo ought to have saved." " Ke could at least have paid his way but for you, and for this debt which was incurred for you. He is ruined by it. What will yon do for him?' " I am not going to do anything for him," said Joseph. "Is it likely? Did ho ever havo anything but n scowl for me ?" " Ho who injnrca another is always in tho wrong. You will tben do nothing ? Think. Ho is your grandfather. Ho kept you from starvation when you were turned out of offico for drink and dishonesty. I hear that you have money, I havo been told that yon havo been scon to show a largo sum of money. Will you givo him some As a matter of fact, Jo a had been tho night before at tho music hall, from which his wife was absent owiug to temporary indisposition, whilo tboro he took just enough Scotch whisky and water to loosen his tongue and make him boastful, and that to so foolish an extent that he actually brandished in tho oyea of the multitude a whole handrul of bank notes. He remembered this, and v.as greatly struck by tho carious fact that Lala Boy should seem to know it. " I haven't got nuy money. It was all brag last night. 1 couldn't help my grandfather if I wanted to." " Yon havo £250, " said Lala Roy. " If I said that last night," lie replied," "I mu't have been drunkcrthan I thought You i old fool the flimties were duffers. Where do I you think I could raise £'250 ? No, no. I am j sorry for the old mau, but I can't help him, I'm going to sua again in a day or two, Wc jolly sailors don't make much money, but if a pound or two wheu I come barrel will be of any use to hint ho's only got to say tho word. After all, I beliovo it is a kid got np between you. The old man must have saved something." " You will suffer him then to bo taken to the work bouse '"Why, I can't help it, and I suppose you'll have to go there too. Ho ! Ho 1 I say Nig," he began to langb. "Ho 1 Ho ! They wou't lot you wear that old fez of yoors at the work house. How pretty you'll look— beautiful iu tho uniform, won't you ? I'll coma home and bring you some baccy. Now, you can cheese it, old 'mi, and vamose." " I will go if that is what you mean. It is the last time that you will be asked to help your grandfather. What will happen next you have brought upon your own head. You have had one moro chance, and you have thrown it away." So ho departed, but Joe, who was of a sc reliaut and sanguine disposition, tboughty thing of the warning. Aa for Lala, ho qn a cab and drove to i'oplar. And ii anr ,Q ever felt he was an instrument set jg00 carry out a scheme of vengeanco thajjOI;to philosopher felt like one, Tho Counf., lj1(J Christo himself waa not more filledjt;0D faith and conviction of hia Divine In tho afternoon ho retnrne£jabt and perhaps one who know h';u a „cam remarked upon hia face aomotijujy> VYa_ of satisfaction. Ho had ilonoiii;ov' ' . now five days since the fa ;n b£ 'ch Emblem at.ll remained uA Heremem-: But ho was slowly reeftrobbcd a tho bored now that he had WX1 hia Kral con. principal sign of the Exercise of memory viction that by Ins oter into possess. Iris bad been enablcr of her own. sale, he had olean fr- Au regards the b\j,oriljng tbere haninfcd gotten .t. Now fnjBeJ Ja ta vcry..b. a tiling which r?,B;oa wa_s recalled, lie wcntTway. V#t tbslnoa<,> been paid. He was so natonishcil that ho son upstairs to tell Iris. "Then," said tho girl, "wo shall not bo turned out after all. But who has paid tho money ?" It could havo been no other than Arnold. Yet whon later iu tho day ho was taxed with having committed tho good action Arnold stoutly domed ik Ho hail not so much monoy in the world, he said ; iu fact, lie had no luonoy at all. Quoth the Sago, who was now present, " The good mau has friends of whom lie kuoweth not. As tho river returns its waters to tlio sea, so the heart rojoiccth in returning benefits received." " Oh, Lala," said Iris, " But on whom havo wo conferred any bcnoGts ?" " The moon sliinos upon all alike," said Lala, " and knows not what she illumines." "Thank you, Lnla. And now wc shall all go on living hero as before." " I think not," he replied. " In tho genera tions of man nil tho seasons live together, but spring does not always contiuuo with winter." " I know," said Mr. Emblem, suddenly ; " I could not remember at first. Now 1 know very well, hut I cannot tell how, that tho tliiof of the papers ia my grandson. James would not staal. Ho is curious ; ha wants to read over my shoulders what I am writing. But he would not steal. Xt mattcre littlo einco I waa ablo to repair tho loss, and Xris has now received her inheritance, hut it is hu_wlio has stolen tho papers. My daughter's sou carna to me from Australia, but Hub, I learned after wards, he had disgraced liimsclf. He ran into debt, and I paid his debts ; he forged my name, and X accepted tho bill ; ho has taken all tho money X could let him hare, and still asked for more. 1 here is no ono in the world who would rob me of thoso papers except , Joseph, because ho was jealous of Iris." I Tlio door was open to the staircase, and tlio door of communicatiou bctwccn tho shop and housn passage was also open. This seems n detail hardly worth notiug ; yet it proved of tbo greatest importance. From such small trifles follow great events. Observe that ns yet no positive proof was in tho hands of tho two conspirators to connect Iris with Claude Dcscret. The proofs were in the stolon papers, and who was to show that tbeso papers were actually those in the sealod packet ? There was also the evidence of the signet ring anil tho coat of arms — but that was only half a coat. When Mr. Emblem finished speaking no one replied, because Arnold and Lain know the fact already, but did not wish to spread it abroad ; aud next because to Iris it was nothing now that her cousin was a had man, and because she thought, now that the man in possession was gone they might just as well forget the papers and try to go on as before all this fuss began. In the silence then they heard tho voice of James saying, " I am very sorry, sir, Mr. Emblem's ill and upstairs. You cannot see him to-day," ' III Is lie ? I am very sorry. Take him my compliments James, -Mr. Frank I'nrrar's compliments and toll him — " And then Mr. Emblem sprang to his feet crying, " Stop him ! go down stairs and stop him! I don't know where he lives. Stop him 1 Stop him 1" Arnold rushed down the stairs. He found in tho shop an elderly gentleman carrying a handle of booko. It was, in fact, Mr. Earrar come to negotiato the sale of another work from Ins library, 'I beg your pardon, sir," said Arnold, " Mr. Emblem is most anxious to see yon. Would you step upstairs 1 " Quick Mr. Earrar, quick," the old man hold him tight by the hand. " Before my memory runs away with mo again, toll mo — listen Iris ! Yet it ought not to muttor, because you havo already — tell me — " he seemed about to wander again, but ho pulled himself together with a great effort, " You knew my son-in- law before liis marriogc." "Surely Mr. Emblem I knew his father and alt liio people." " And his name was not Aden at all ? asked Arnold. " No, ho took tho name of A;tvn from a fnncied feeling of pride wlicu Id quarrelled with Iris father about— wol), it was plout his marriage, as you know, Sir. Emh'cm ; be cama to London and tried to mako lis way by writing, and thought to do it and ohcr to hide a failure or brighteu a eaccee/ by using a pseudonym, lie had better," a-'cd tho unsuc cessful veteran, "ho had far b''cr have made his living as a — as a " ho loo-1' about him for a fitting simile — "a3 a— sts- carpeater." "Then, sir, what was lijamo '" "nis name was CIaud eaarc'i f course." "Iris," said Arnoh reking lior baud. "This is the last pre' "e have known it four or fire days, lr -|vc tvanted tho final proof, and now wc h e '' 0"!. my dear, you are the coutin of 15? Vi Y'vrlr'u-k all her fortune by your g„__ct " wiu " Jour?-" CHAriF.n J" — L,,1£ Uano i' Eatf. At the firi . Y ?f nao? "est 'lay Arnold arrived at i cu!me house in Chester-squaro. Ho was f.JjnPaaiccJ by Iris, by Lala ltoy, and bvIJCr MTar. io meant by all thiH will explain all in » fcw minutes, ray /prom?s'c,iriam' ' haVe5'0U d0D0 What "Yes ; I wrolo to Dr. Washington. He !( v "ffcc'i i" afow minutes." You wrote exactly in tlm fn-.,, ... — i . ' you promised to me "Yes; I asked him to meet me here this morning a. a quarter past twelve, in order to discuss a fewpmnts connected with Iris's future arrangements before he left for America, and I poriLnk"' ' P' and im- think " PA6"' H "IU be Buro t0 o". I think. Perhaps yonr consin will insist upon another cheque locSiO being given to him," Arnold, you aro extremely suspicious ami most ungenerous about Dr. Washington, on thoroughly ely" bonesty I to e0<?' bleanwhile, Clara, I desiro hivn nl« 1 a lttdy«f whom wo h d l ? T ' 'f 1 !a M!e3 Aglcu who I'a.rd.,y "ay. deeply anxious to win your good opimon. And thin is Lnla Boy, on Indian gentleman who knew her father, and rf , ei' m tbo eama house with bar for en y years. Our debt— I sbnilsooi be ablo to cay your debt of gratitude to this gentlo- man for his long kindness to Miss Aglen is ono which cau never be repaid." and LrlBBoy!h bB to botb "Really Arnold you aro tailing in cniemav this mornng. What anr I to. Sudor standi What las tins gout.omau to do .with tho an. pomtmont with Dr. Washington 5" 1 . " llc'1r cousin, I am so happy thia mom- ing that I wonder I do not talk in conun drums, or rondeaux, or terza rima. It is a mere chance, I assure you. Perhaps I may break out iu rhymes presently. This evening Wo will havo fireworks in tho (quire, roast a wholo ox, and dance. You shall dance the first Clara." Pray go on, Arnold. Ail tills , is very in.' explicable." " This gentleman, however, is a vory old friend of yours, Clara. Da you not recognise Mr, Frank Earrar who used to stay at tlio hall in tho old days?" " I remetnbor Mr. Earrar vory well." Clara gave him her liand. " Why havo wo nover mot in society during all these years, Mr, Earrar ¥' "I suppose because _ I have been out of socioty, SlisB Mainwariug," said tho scholar, " When a man marries and lias a largo family and ft small inoomo, and grows old, and has to eeo tho young follows shoving him outotcvery point, ho doesn't caro much about socioty, x hope you aro well and liappy," " X nm very well, and I ought to ho happy, because I hnvo recovered Claude's lost heiress, my cousin, Iris Deaerot, andidio is thobeBtand most delightful of girls, with tho warmest heart and tho swootcat instincts of a lady by descent and birth." Sho looked severely at Arnold, who said nothing, but smiled incredulously. Mr. Earrar looked from Iris to .\lis3 Main- waring, bewildered. " And why uo you come to seo ma to-day, Mr. Earrar':" " Because I have undertaken to answer ono question presently, which Mr. Arhnthnot is to ask me. That is why I am hare. Not hut what it gives mo the greatest pleasure to see you again, Miss Maimvaring, after so many years." " Our poor Claude died in America, you know, Mr. Earrar." " So I havo recontly heard," " And left one daughter," " That also I hove learned," He looked at Iris. " She is with mo here iu this house, and has been with mo for a week. "Yon may under stand, Mr. E'arrar, the happiness I feel ia having with me CInudo's only daughter.'! Mr, Earrar looked from her to Arnold with in. creasing amazement. But lie said nothing, " I have appointed this morning, at Arnold's request," Clara went on, "to have an inter view, perhaps the last, with the gentleman who brought my dear Iris from America. I say, at Arnold's request, becauso ho did ask me, and I havo always trusted biln implicitly, audi hopo he is not going to bring trouble upon us, although I do not, I confoss, under stand tho presence of Ills friends with him or their connection with my cousin." "My dear Clara," said Arnold again, "I ask for nothing but patience. And that ouly for a few moments. As for tho papers, you have them all ill yourpos,ession?" "Yes, they arc looked up in my strong box." " Do not on ony account givo them f »r- body. However, after this ' wf„ not bo asked, Havo j0u taken as yet any stops at all for th,-0 transference of your pro. party to — to tho rightful liair >" . "Not yot," " Thank goodnoeg. And now, Clara, I will ask you, as noou as Dr. Washington and— your cousin— arc 111 the drawingroom to ring tho bell. You did not explain why. Wo will answer the summons, and giro all thoexplana. aioua that may bo required/' a ' \ iY/' k kaT0 uiy cousin rexctf, Arnold," 1 Vou shall aofc. Your oouain aball never bo vexed by mo «a long as I live." And I)r, Washington must not be in any way ohonded. Consider tho feelings of an Americau gentlemen, Arnold. He is mv guest." J . " You may thoroughly rely upon my con Biderotion, Clam. Go ; there is a knock at the door. Go to rcceivo him, and when both are m the room riu, the bell." Joe was in eicolleut spirits that morning. JXis interview with .Lata lioy convinced him that nothing whatever was kuowu o£ tlio p.ipera, therefore nothing could be suspected as to what ho waa doing. " What a fool," ho thought, " must be bis grandfather, to havo bau these papers in hia hands for eighteen ycair, and nover to havo opened the packst, in j obedienco to the injunction of a dsad man. iiAit it been his own case ho would have opened tile papers, mastered tho content sand instantly claimed tho property. Ife would ; have gone 011 to use it for Ins own purposes and ' J\rlyae an(l with an uninterrupted run of j eighteen yenrsi ho would moat cort&infy; hYC made a very protty thiog out of it. I Howovcr, everything worlca well for him ? who greatly dares. Hrs wife wonld work tlio thing for him now, better than ho could do it " for himself. Yet a foiv wceko and tho great fortuno would fall into life hand. Ho walked all tho way to Chester-square considering how ho enould spend the money, Thorc were ; fiomo forms of fooHahnccs such as say tko.-:o connected with art, charity and work for others which attract some rich iucn2 but which he was not at all tempted to commit. There wcro others, however, coimcctod with horse?, raoing, hotting and gambling which tempted him strongly. In fact Josopli contemplated spcuding this money wholly on his own plea. Bnreo. Probably it would be a part of lite pleasure to toss a for/ cruwba to bis wife. It is sad to reCviLii that Lotty, finding bor« Bolf received with so much enthusiasm, bad already fallen off sadly in her behavior. J£veit Clara thought sho discovered overy hour some now point of rcsomblanco to tho girl to her father, was fain to admit that the "American iynis " wero rouah too pronounced for genera! uucloty. Her laugh wau louder nud more frc qucnt ; her jestn wcro rough and common ; cho need mangy words froely ; her gcntnrca wero extravagant, and sho walked in tho streets 11 if sho wished ovcryono to notice her. It is tho walk of the musio hall stage, and consists of giving, go to speak, prominence to the f shoulders and oscillation tbo skirts. In fact i> she was ono of those Indico who ardently desire that all tlio world should notice them. Farther, In her conversation she showed an ncquaintanco with certain phases of the English lower life, which woo astonishing in an American girl but yot Clara had no 000 j| picion— none whatever. f| Ono thing tho girl did which pleased her "iiho'was nover tired of hearing about her father, and hia way of looking, standing, walk ing, folding liis hands, and holding himself. Constantly more and more Clara detected iheso little tricks in his daughter. " My dear," she said, "to think that I over thought you un- liko your dear father 1" So that it inado her very uncomfortable first fo detect a certain reserve in Arnold towards tho girl, and thon a disliko of Arnold in tho girl herself; and, finally, to ho asked to ar- rango so that Arnold might meot Dr. Washington, as if nnythiug that so much as looked liked suspicion could ho thought of for a moment. But the hell rang, and Arnold, followed by his party, led tho way from tho morning room to the ilin'ng room. Dr. Washington was standing with his back to tho door. Tho girl was drosscd as if oho had just corns from a walk, and was holding Clara'o hand. " Yes, Madam,' ho said; " I return to-mor row to America, and my wifo and my chil dren, I leave our dear girl with tho greatest confidenco in your hands. I could only ad vise .that, to avoid lawyers' expenses, you should simply instruct somebody— tlio right person — to transfer tho property from your name to tbo namo of Iris. Then you will be saved troublo and formalities of every kind. As for mo, my homo is in America—" "No, Joseph," said Lala Boy, gently. "It is in I'oplar." "It is a lio," he said, turning horribly pale. " It la an infernal lie," " Iris," eaid Arnold, "lift your veil, my dear. Mr. Farrar, who is thifl young lady? Look upon this face, Clara." "This is tlio daughter of Claude Dcaerot," laid Mr. Farrar; "if she is the daughter of tho man who married Ahco Emblem, and went by the namo of Agien." Clara turned a torrified face to Arnold, "Arnold, help mo!" "Whoso face is this?" lie repeated. "It- is— Good lioavens? It is tho face of your portrait. It is Claude's face again. Tlisy are his very eyes—" Sho covered her face with Iter hand, " But who is this other, Arnnld "The other lady, Clara, is a music hall singer, wifo of this man, who is not an American at all, but grandson of Mr. Emblem, tho bookseller, and thorcfore cousin of Iris. It is ho who robbod the safo of tho papers which you have in your possession, Clara. It is an audacious conspiracy, which we havo been so lortnnato as to unearth and detect step by step." " Can such wicked men be said Clara ; " and in my house." Joo," said Lotty, " tho game is up." " Lot them prove it," said Joo. " Let them prove it. I defy you to prove it," " .Won't ha a fool, Joe," said his wife. "Ecmemher," alio whispered, "you've- got a pocketful el money. Let -us go peaceably." '' As for you, nigger," said Joe, "I'll break every bono in your body," "Not here," said Arnold, "wo will have no breaking of bones in this house." Lotty began to laugh. "The gentle blood- always shows itself, daesn't iti" she said. " I've got the real in stincts of a lady, haven't I? Ohl it was ''TcautiVui-'Mo it lasted. And every day more and more v father." _ "Arnold," cried poor Clira, crushed, "help 81 "Come," said Arnold, "you had better go "'"Iwon't laugh at you," said Lotty, "you're » good old thing. But it did mo good to hear all about the gentle blood. Come, Joe, Ictus co ftnay quietly »n Sho took her husband a arm Joe was standing sullen and desperate. Mr. Chalker was right. It wanted my little to prevent him from falling upon Lala Xvoy "Young woman," allied LalaEoy. £?£ not go outside the house with him » ait until ho has gone." "Why? He is my husband, whatever we have done, and I'm not ashamed of him. "Is ho? Ask him what I meant when I said his homo was at Poplar," "Como, Lotty," said Joo, with a curious cbango of manner, " let us go at once. "Wait," said Lala ; " wait, lot him go first, pray— pray, let him go first." "Why should I wait? I go with my bus tS" I thought to savo you from shame. Bnt if yon will go with him, first ask him why ho left his first wife." . , ,.i,. .v-v " Oh 1" said Clara, " it is incredible that such men can live 1" , . Lotty sprang upon her lmshand and ca g hiswrists with both bauds. _ "Joo, what does bemoan? Tell mo ho is a liar.' _ " That would bo useless, Baid Lala Hoy, "because a very fow minutes vvdl provo contrary. Botter, however, that ho should go to prison for marrying two wives than for robbing bis grandfather's safe." "It is a lie," said Joe, looking as dangerous M a wild boar brought to bay. "There was a Joseph Gallop, purser in tho sorvico of tho Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Cotnpanv, con tinued tho man of fate, " who ma"" £ t . months ago a certain widow who k P 1—1.-! i TTfl was turned out of tlio service, aud has since desortcdhiswife. "Oh-h," said Lotty; "OU wllnin, >m. thought to livo upon my earnings, did >ou . You put mo up to pretend to bo so y else. Miss Mainwanng"— Bho foil up knees, literally and simply, and without any theatrical pretcuoo — "forgivo me, 1 p petty punished. Oh 1 ho is mado of n told mo that tho real Iris was d-.-ad and and ho tlio rightful lioir ; and ob or J , she sprang to her feet, and turned upon iier husband. " I know it is true ; I kn T pjm tirtfl it ill voup cfcl'. " If yon havo nny doubt," eaid La'a' et0 Is a copy of tho marriage certificito. Sho took it, road it, ond put it « "her pocWj Then sho went out of the room without another word, hut with rage and rovengo In ?J Joseph followed liar, saying no more, lost moro than he thonght to looe. B w«S Btill timo to escape, and ho had th in his pocket. , , . . But another surprise awaited Inra. Tlio lady from Poph wa 0U,tsI<1' of With hor wero n few |ait. Ike seafaring profession, como play. It was a disgraceful cpIc tho history of Cbester-squarc, but aftci f I toinutea or so, during wbich no mllco I racecourse was more hardly UBid, two p I men interfered eo rescue tho man of two I wives, and thero was a procctsi«u 1 ' to the police court, where, after several charges of assault had been proferred and proved against half a dozen mariners, Joseph was himself charged with bigamy, and com mitted for trial. His old friend, Mr. Chalker, one is sorry to add, refused to give bail, so that he remained in custody. sa Arnold, "Iris will stay with yon, Wo shall not marry, ray dear, without your permission, I have promised that already, haveX-not?" . 