x Intelligence. VICTORIA. ARCHDIOCESE OP MELBOURNE. FA8T DAYS. Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday next, being Ember Days, will be fast days. DAY OF DEVOTION. Saturday, being the Feast of St. Andrew the Apostle, will be a Day of Devotion. ADVENT SERMON AT THE CARMELITE CHUB OH, PORT MELBOURNE. The third sermon in the course of Advent conferences was delivered at the last Maes on Sunday, by the Rev. P. F. Sbaffrey. The subject was "The Church founded by Christ." He began by explaining the different senses in which the word " eccleeia" is used in the Sacred Scriptures, aud showed that the essential notion of the true Church of Christ is that of a society. The first proposition proved was that Christ founded a Church; the second, that unity, sanctity, catholicity, and apqstolicityare marks of that Church; the third, that these were found in that I Church which has ever been in union with ] the See of Peter; and the fourth, that none other, save the Roman Catholic, has or can have these notes. In the evening Prior Butler delivered the fourth conference on " The Infallibility of the Church." Following the line of argument in the morning's discourse, it was shown that grace in this life and glory hereafter came to men from the merits of Christ, but through the ministry of the Church, for which, as St. Paul says, " Christ died cleansing her in the laver of regeneration. . . that He might present her to Himself a glorious Church without spot or wrinkle." She is the light of the world, the city seated on a high mountain, the teacher with whom abides for ever the Holy Spirit, guiding and preserving her holy and true. If such be the Church, the work of Christ, He has impressed on her marks indelible, so that men might know her and rest secure in her teaching. She ought, then, to be infallible. First, because the things men are called on to beUeve are above reason, and many propositions in morals are difficult to understand. We are called upon at our peril to believe in the one case, and to act in the other Unless, then, the Church were infallible, man could have no firm faith, but be tossed about with every wind of doctrine. But the Church ought to be, as she is, "The pillar and the ground of truth." The frail judgment of men 'can rest securely in her, for she is taught of God. Secondly, her founder is God, who is essential truth and holiness. She therefore ought to be unfailing in her teaching, dlreoted as she is by the God of all truth. Thirdly, either the truths of Christianity and the moral law are necessary, or they are not. If they are, then the Church that commands the one and directs the other ought to be infallible. Take the 87 propositions in the celebrated Syllabus of the Immortal Pius IX.—these traverse the whole ground of Pantheism, Naturalism, Rationalism, Indifferentism Latltudinarlanlsm, Socialism, Commu i]Ism, Natural Descent, errors regarding Matrimony, Liberalism, Rights of the Civil Power—and say Is it of small importance not to have some authority whose voice is certain and whose judgment is irreformable in leading men aright through so tangled a maze of errors. The Church, then, ought to be infallible, was the conclusion arrived at. The preacher then proceeded to treat the de facto argument, "Is she infallible?" Clearly explaining what is inoluded under the infallibility of the Church in doctrine established that as a witness, a judge, and a teouher the Church was infallible. As a witness, she knew the truth, and she testified to this. When the Holy Ghost descended on the Apostles, they beoame illumined with all truth, and, as faithful witnesses who could not err in teaching what they had received, they testified even to the shedding of their blood to the doctrine delivered. And such has ever been the history of the Catholic Church—the only faithful witness whose word is ever the same for the last nineteen centuries. As a judge she hears and decides—" He who hears you hears me, "He who despises yon despises me, and " He that will not hear the Church, let him be to thee as the heathen and the publican." It has ever been the same with theOhnrcb—" Rome has spoken. the cause is finished." She is £e intslUble teacher-" Teach all nations," " Teaching them to observe all things whatevMl have commanded you." By her . Infallible head die feeds the sheep andkmba with sound doctrine, speaking « KSng authority, filled with the H«y Ghost, and in her councils saying, with .her fint infallible head, Pe^-""^ ^med good tons and the Holy GhOrt," The majestic bark of Peter ever steered amidst the storms and waves of errors and passions and prejudice, and hostility; proudly she rises above the waves; with unerring light the helmsman directs her course amidst the warring elements. The Holy Spirit dwells with her and animates her to defy the tempest and the very gates of hell itself. Other Churches boast of their fallibility, and we fully admit their claim to the distinction—fallible in their human founders, kings, or parliaments, or heretics; fallible in their doctrines, which are variable as the clouds driven before the wind. All these sects rejoice in the names of their founders— Arianr, Nee torians, Lutherans, Calvioiste, Methodists. Only one is the Holy Catholic Church. She Is one in faith, one in sacraments, one in her head, and infallible because her founder is Christ, the Son of God. The church, morning and evening, was crowded by a most select_ and appreciative audience, who evinced by their breathless attention during the long and masterful discourses the keenest interest. It has come to our knowledge that already these discourses [ have produced a profound impression on I listeners not belonging to the Catholic Church. On next Sunday morning the Prior treats of " Eternal Punishment is Just;" and in the evening the Rev. P. F Sbaffrey on the "Forgiveness of Sin." PRESENTATION TO THE BEV. H. O'CALLA- GHAN. A meeting of the parishioners of the Brunswick and Coburg districts was held in the Mechanics' Institute, Brunswick, on Thursday night, 4th instant, for the purpose of presenting the Rev. H O'Callaghan with an address and testi monial on his removal to Brighton. The following clergymen were present:— Revs. M. Carey (Brighton), T. Lynch and P. M'Gee (Hotham). Mr. Rose, who occupied the chair, said that, in the three years he had known Fr. O'Callaghan intimately, he had seen many good reasons for holding him in high esteem for bis many good and noble qualities. The testimonial they were about to present was but a very small token of the great respect they had for him. Mr. Walsh then read an address to the reverend gentlemen, from which we select the following paragraph:— Daring your time amongst us your pious and praiseworthy efforts to edify all by word and example, to instruot us in the great truths Of our holy religion, and to counteract the evil effects of torpidity and indifference so common at the present time, thereby promoting the eternal welfare of those committed to your care, have been attended with a sucoess of which you have reason to be >rond. These traits in your character have >een at all times the subject for favourable comment, and have had an irresistible influence for the better on those with whom you have associated, whether in a sooial or official capacity; and, therefore, we cannot but oongratnlate those in whose spiritual concerns you have been called upon to share the responsibility in having your servioes, which in the past have been so zealously performed, and so productive of happiness to our souls. The address bore the following signatures :—William Rose, chairman; W. Forster, treasurer; M. Walsh, secretary; T. Tierney, P. Connelly, L. Doyle, W. M'Cann, J. Connelly, aud H. Doyle. In acknowledging the presentation, Fr. O'Collaghan said:— My Dear Friends,—It is difficult for me to express my sincere gratitude at this manifestation of your affectionate regard and esteem. Being only a few years among you, I did not expeot this expression of your goodwill. You have kindly referred to my punctuality and attention to duties. I assure you nothing could afford me greater consolation than to do my best for you, who always set me the example by your attendance in church, attention to religious duties, and pious demeanour in the house of God. Moreover, I always found you ready and willing to co-operate in anything I considered neoessary for the advancement or good of religion. Ton have kindly made mention of my attention to the schools. This, I oonsider, is a very essential part of a priest's duty, and one whioh he cannot negleot in justice to those who are committed to his charge.' I need pot tdlyon how much depends on the education of children, and especially on their religious education, If this be neglected, vain will be the secular knowledge they may have acquired, and es peoially in those sceptical days when faith and morals are regarded by some as only secondary considerations. It must be a matter of regret to any person having thesalvation of souls at-heartto oonieMphAe the system of 4doo*tum ganstaaneft by the legislators of'these ooioutss, "We must, therefore; ^' in earn ert, and show them that mermteji*- nared to ®sice* any sacrifice rather 'roan neglect oar 'most essential duty la this ^tatter. : We almost always find that y*rlA nea oc -women, who lovethsir country preserve their faith pure and unsullied, and would be prepared to make any sacrifice rather than relinquish that precious gut handed down to them by their ancestors. My removal from a district whose people I so much esteem woultt, naturally have caused me much gnei were I not convinced that my Archbishop, whose commands I obey, knows far better than I do the holy will of God in my regard. I beg of you to convey my thanks to all those who have so generously contributed to this testimonial, and to assure them that I will never forget their great kindness. I beg also to thank the gentlemen of this committee who, notwithstanding their many and various duties, have exerted themselves to make this testimonial a success. Fr. O'Callaghan, in proposing a vote of thanks to Mr. Rose, said that no words of his could adequately express the esteem in which that gentleman is held by the people of Brunswick. Tbey naturally looked up to him for advice, and it was a consolation to find that his counsel and assistance were always at their disposal. Fortune occasionally spoiled the characters of those on whom she smiled, but Mr. Rose was always the same upright and straightforward gentleman—always the same thorough un- swerving Catholic. . Frs. Carey, M'Gee, and Lynch, in appropriate and felicitous speeches, eulogised the people of Brunswick for their attachment to the cause of religion and their generosity to their priests. SACKED HEART CHURCH. On Tuesday afternoon next a bazaar will be opened in the Prabran Town Hall, as a means of liquidating, or at least reducing the debt incurred in the erection of the Church of the Sacred Heart, Grey-street, St. Eilda West, which was recently dedicated. As the stalls will be well furnished with a variety of goods to suit the wants or tastes of all classes, and church accommodation will be a great convenience to the Catholics in the locality, it may be reasonably expected that a vigorous effort will be made to realise the purpose the zealous ladies conducting; the bazaar have in view. 8T. GEORGE'S SCHOOLS. By special request the third grand annual concert and elocutionary entertainment, in aid of the school prize fund, was repeated by the pupils of St. George's Schools on Tuesday evening. The attendance was not commensurate with the merits of the entertainment, for the pupils again acquitted themselves very creditably indeed. And this is an acknowledgment which refers in a special degree to Miss Florence Buokley, the pianiste, who for a student of her age gave evidence of remarkable proficiency. Priests, teachers, pupils, and congregation may be justlyj congratulated on the efficiency of the schools as illustrated by thu and the preceding entertainment. OHUBOH OF THE SACRED HEART, 8T. KILDA. The opening of the new Church of the Sacred Heart of Jesus, Grey-street, St. Eilda, took place on Sunday last. The edifice is in the mission of the Yery Rev. Dr. Corbett, Y.F., and will prove of immense convenience to the residents of West St. Eilda, who hitherto bave bad to go to St. Mary's Church, Dandenongroad, East St. Eilda. The style of architecture of the new church is novel in this country, and the edifice at once attracts the eye of the passer- by. The style is said, however, to be common enough in Italy. The church fronts Grey-street, and one side is in Neptunestreet. It is only a few minutes walk . from the St. Eilda railway station. The structure was fully described in these columns a few months ago, when the foundation-stone was laid by his Grace the Archbishop, and the occasional sermon was preached by the Rev. Edward Murphy, S.J. It is 'composed of briok, aud has a rather tall, square bell-to wpr. When the design is fully carried out : there will be two aisles, but at presentonly the nave is completed, and the arches of the future aisles are temporarily filled in. The church, as it stands at present, is spacious and lofty, and well lighted by clerestory and lower rows of windows, furnished with cathedral glass. The roof is lined in the form of the arcof a circle, a style which is known to greatly contribute to the good aoonstio properties ol buildings. The church is lighted at night by "sun-lights" In ih» roof. A large and beautiful oil painting of the Saomd Heart Is hnng^ovev the alter. The blessing of the ©huroh waa performed on Saturday last by his Grace the Archbishop. The Maw on Sunday celebrated atll o'clock by the Rev. W. H. <Jolrk, who w*a the celebrant of the Maw when the foundation-**** wis laid. The choir of St. MwyVOhW* tendtted tte mwdo em-^ ttos i 4 - 5 — Miss Wilkinson pressing M monram. "fflw uougregatw^slM » large oub,va&tnito;\ilrA ummj |si unlaw* Catholics, amongst whom were Viscount Oastlerosse, Lord Neville, the Hon. J. G. Duffy, M L.A., the Hon. N. Fitzgerald, M.L.C., C.O.P., and bis Honour Judge Casey, etc. Immediately after the first Gospel, an eloquent and forcible sermon, suitable to the ocoasion, was preached by the Very Bev. Dr. Corbett. A collection was then made in aid of the building fund, when a sum of £160 was subscribed. Maes is to be celebrated in the new church at ten o'clock every Sunday morning. 80DAXHT OF THE BLESSED VXEGDf. The ordinary weekly service for the members of the Sodality of the Blessed Virgin attaohed to St. Patrick's College was held in the College chapel on the evening of yesterday week. After the recital of the office, a spiritual leoture was delivered by the Bev. E. Murphy, S.J. Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament, given by the Very Bev. 0. Nolty, S.J., the spiritual director, brought the service to a close. ST. geobge's, cabiton. Active measures are being taken to establish a branch of the Hibernian Australasian Catholic Benefit Society in connection with St. George's Church, Carlton. sr. bkigid's, north fitzroy. A beautiful new altar is being prepared for St. Brlgld's Church, North Fitzroy, The wood work has been done by Mr. Curtln, and the deoorations are being executed by a clever young Italian artist recently arrived in the colony. THE CATHEDRAL HALL. It will be observed from an advertisement which appears elsewhere that the Bev. E. Murphy, S.J., will preach in the Cathedral to-morrow, at the last Mass, on a subject of much interest, and that the object of the reverend gentleman's discourse will be to obtain funds for liquidating a heavy debt whloh has been In purred in the erection of the fine hall in "Victoria- parade. It is hoped that the congregation will respond liberally to the appeal, as the burden is a heavy one to the committee on whom It weighs. A PARISH DEBT. A large and influential meeting of ladies and gentlemen was held on Monday evening in St. George's Hall, Carlton, in furtherance of the Gipsy Encampment, which will be opened in the Exhibition Building on Easter Monday next. The Bev. J. H. O'Connell was in the chair. A number of sub-committees were appointed, under the following headings:—Amusement ; Constructing, Furnishing, and Decorating ; Literary and Advertising; Refreshment ; Admission. Messrs. F. Gavan Duffy, W. H. Gunson, C. J. Potts, J. M'Donald, Councillor levers, Messrs. W. Quirk, G. O'Hea, M. M Donald, F. C. Mason, M.P., and Fr. Neylan, of Colac, addressed the meeting. It is ex- pected that the encampment will be one of the greatest, novelties ever introduced to the colony, and the various committees are already Working hard to carry out that end. The following gentlemen, with power to add to their number, were elected to the committees as under: — Amusement — Messrs. J, M'Guigan, G. H. levers, M. St J. Kennedy, F. Edwards, W. Quirk, Geo. Bullen Hess, P. J. Duggan, and B. Donovan. Constructing, Furnishing, and Decorating—Messrs. M. Hoarey, J. Glennon, P. Fagan, Hurley, Tappin, Dennehy and Co., W. H. Gunson, J. M'Mahon, M. Larkin, and Alderman O Grady. Advcrtisiiig—Messrs. W. Quirk, B. L. levers, T. K.Knowles, and P. J. B. Clinch. Literary—Dr. Moloney, Professor Elkington, Messrs. Garnet Walch, H. Aytoun, F. G. Duffy, Geo. O'Hea, J. Thomas, and C. J. Potts. Refreshment—Messrs. J. Boland, J. Curtain, M. M'Donald, M. Burke, S. J. Allen, J. Phtpps, R. D -novan, J. M'Inerney, J. Casey, and F. C. Mason. Admission—Messrs, P. E »ton, W. levers, inn., P. Fagan, J. Hickey, T. B. M'Gowan, R. Glennon, J. M'Donald, and. J. M'Guigan. Mr. B. L. levers and Mr. P. J. B. Clinch are the indefatigable hon. secretaries. CATHOLIC SOCIETIES. The weekly meeting of St. Patrick's Branch of the V.C.Y.M. Society was held on the 4th inst.; the procidentia the chair. The following articles in the monthly Magazine were read by the editor:— Editorial on "Chinese Gordon;" "A Plea for Dumb Animals," by Bro. Daffy; "Mental Culture;" and "lnter-society Gossip." * rThe usual weekly meeting of St Mary's C»thoUoYonngMen'sSocit|y,jaotham, was held OQ the ith inBk; B«o.^Bajcter in i O^BlTe Bro. Rwh St Bain bin rea<l Magazine, which contained—Editorial <ra " literature;" "History,and Sconce," byHistorious; and "Oriokiet," by Australian, • B^>,Cassidy reaa~an t-ssay on *' Inielligerm-". JBeoeii^ of^he^piqg,^! 4* 