IN THE BUSH. ' ' " I ain but a jnspper-up of ancongtdered tvifles." I'— Shakespeare. - "The whirligig or time brings about I its revenges, " and If w© may credit all the surprising "items, of English Society possib. the ladies of dramatic fame are taking theirs with .a vengeance Any one who notes the- facility with wbich they appear to entangle noble, putterflies in their seductive- meshes, wonld . scarcely believe that in Shakespeare's time, actresses, then a startling innovation on on stage traditions,, were. 'looked upon with an aversion and contempt generally I reserved for the most abandoned of their sex. One writer of the period- very, ungallantly denounced thqm as " Vene tian harlots." Plain speaking truly, but I In that age men" ' had' not learned to shroud foul abuse in elegant language land pleasant enphuismq ; bat called a spade a spade, and no't an .agricultural 1 implement.. Even whn the second Charles ascended the throne and in augurated a regime .Of free and easy manners, they were '- not treated with much mora consideration. . Noble lords and gentlemen thought themselves entitled to the free entry behind the scenes, even ddring'jhe progress of the drama,, arid quaint, old Pepysin his amusing " Diary," gives us a good idea of. the tone of society, when he seriously make an entry to the effi et that he was Iso enraptured with! the acting or the charms of - Mistres Gwynne that he could not refrain fr&m; kissing the merry I actreBs, --and as he, previously concludes I — < < For which V myself' ask pardon of Z v: Z.. : ; Heaven — and Mrs Pepys." This was' the same Nell Gwynne who caught the fancy of the Merry Monarch and added one more star to the brilliant, but dis- repntable, galaxy o'f the. most dissolute court in Europe. With a reservation : For if history is anyway trustworthy, we mast believe that the court of the French monarch was in no better case ; for, as-Ihgoldsby tells'us':— ' . Louis Qa&torzs; Kept Rbouthitn in scores, ' What the noblesse, in courtesy' called his Jane Shores; ; They were called by a much coarser name out of doore. . And with bis customary atfcmtiou to drawing a moral, o.bserves , '? This we all must admit, in \- A Kintr'a not- hefittino- For suoli courses, when followed by persons of quality Are apt to detract on the eoore ot morality. But two hundred years have passed, and iioiis avous change tout cela. ' Our theatrical stare shine with unexampled lustre in the social firmament, and we are getting accustomed to see the actress of to-day blossom into the Countess ef to-morrow. In fact, if this sort of thing goes on much longer, wo shall take iu sober earnest, what was said in jest by the anxious mnterfamilius who foresaw that "The only way to make good matches for her girls was to bring them up to the stage." And it says but little for the intellectual refinement of oar aristocracy, those nrond seieneurs of whom a modern poet wrote — Let art and science, trade nn-1 commerce die. But leave us still oiir old nubility. That it is' not tile great tragediennes of the modern stage, that they favor with a matrimonial alliance,- but burlesque and opera-bouffe actresses, and ladies of the ballet, whose chief attractions lie in a lavish display of personal charms or the vigor with which they can do a flip- flap or a breakdown. Not bat what our modern Aristos have the example of antiquity to justify them; for did not Justinian, the Emperor of the Eastern Roman Empire, take as liis consort, Theodora, an actress who passed her youth in the theatre of Constantinople and in a more questionable profession, and his great general, Belissrius, took to wife Antoniua, whose mother wrs an actress and. whose father and grandfather were charioteers in the circus. So that we may see the truth of the axiom that " History repeats itself," or' rather we may rest assured t hat 'in spite of our boasted advance in civilisation, human nature is much the same now as it was in the earlier ages of our era. It is humiliating to r, fleet that meretricious attractions can thus, overshadow in tellectual proficiency ; but, as the Im mortal Bard says— 'Tis true, 'tis pity ; and pity 'tis 'tis true. And it is saddening to think that with all our professed enthusiasm for the works of that remarkable genius, to whom we may well apply his own words — Take him for all in -all. We ne'er shall look upon hie like again, his beautiful creations . are relegated to the shelf; that managers declare that " Shakespeare spells ruin" ; and that his finest dramas would resnU in " a beggarly account .of empty boxes" unless produced with the adveutitions aids of splenaid seenery, gorgeous costumes, and hundreds of well-drilled supernumeraries. How the modest William would stare if he could see one of bis historical plays reproduced in its modern completeness of spectacular display. Those plays which have /attracted many a youth to the study . of tbe chronicles of his valorous forefathers, and to which tbe great Duke of Marlborough owned he was indebted for all be kuew of English History. When Shakespeare presented his Henry Y. in the Globe Theatre, of which tfe was part owner, his audience had, to draw npon their imaginations to a considerable extant. Scenery was as yet unknown, and mov able placards ,ii. formed the audience, " This is a for&ft;" or the like, and as there were no " flats" to close in upon a death, a corpse had in every instance, to be removed, on some pretence, as. any reader of bis plays may note with some amusement. The great playwright thus allude to . these imperfections and humbly craves indulgence — ! Pardon, centles all. The fl&fc; unraisod spirit that hath dared Ou this unworthy scaffold, to bring foith So great an object. Can this cockpit hold Within this wooden G, tli6 vary casques ! That did affright the air of Agineourf? Inr my young days I have seea the Ro man and Ydlscian armies represented by half-a-dozen " snpes" ou each side, mak ing as much of a battle as possible with i the traditionary "one, two, three and under," and Macbeth retnrniug victorious with an army of three warriora, a miserable substitute which seems also to have troubled Shakespeare, who begs his audience to— Into a theusand parte divide one man, And make imaginary puiesAnce ; Think when we talk of horses, that you see tbem Printing iheir proud- hoofs in the receiv ing earth. Certainly an immense effort for the imagination, bat no doubt the plty- goers of Elizabeth's age were easily satisfied, and felt as li tie surprise at seeing .Mark Antony in .the doublet. and hose of that period aB did the . Lon doners of the last century/when Garrick appeared as Julius Lassar in a scarl-t coat with military cocked hat and sword and a fall-bottomed wig. " But' Shakes peare's apology is no longer needed. Both scenery ..and coBtames are his torically accurate.; hundreds of . assis tants "sheathed in complete gteei" simulate all the uproar and coufasion of a deadly, melee ; and King Henry on a richly-caparisoned charger " witches the world wilh noble' horsemanship." There is'.. one .. small .. crumb of , comfort.": to' be nau. mi uuia uuveuMbious epienoour may' arouse -'ai new interest : in the works of onr: graAt dramatist/ and Many of those who go to feast the eye maj. be mdncea- no cultivate toe intellect by a private study, of his writings. He haa fallen indeed in tbe -estimation of his countrymen when some "even exprese'a doubt, as to his being really the author, of those wondrous emanations of genius ; but we can afford te smile when some blase yonth conceitedly declaresas did one to Douglas Jerrold, that " He con sidered. Shakespeare a very mneh jover- rafced man," and that "he conld write ns -well if he had a mind/' " Just so !" snapped Jerrold, " that's iL All. yon want is the mind."- And I am grieved to find tbnt is 'not odIj by these " curled i darlings" that our immortal bard is depreciated. It is not very long since that a young minister happened in npon ray Jowly hermitage, rand affably en gaged in social and spiritual converse. As he professed an interest in my means of intellectual recrealiou, I'produced my limited library, and- above all, extolled tbe Swan of Avon. He viewed the volume with a lofty air of indifference, and remarked, " Ab, yes; I have read some of -his works, but I was too dis gusted to continue them." Fact, I assure you ! I am a moral man, and a man that don't swear, so I did not- ex press the workings of my smothered emotions; bnt I certainly did not urge a repetition of his visit. ".Disgusted with Shakespeare." Great/ Gresar's ghost ! In the language of the bard— Can each things bp, And overcome ns like s summer clond, Without our special wonder ? . BILLY NUTTS. 