ECHOES OF MELBOURNE. t (By Tam Guosi.) e Every one who has watphed the de parture of a railway train must have observed the difficulty the engine-driver at times experiences at starting. The ?bco& motive refuses to budge uitil 'the pjisti valves are opened, and the first revolutions of the" driving wheel take place amid a cloud of waste steam,', which 'continies .,t be blown off until tlic engine begins'toper form its proper, work.' Much the samd takes place befbro our legislativeg mai chinery' at the initiation of each session commences to' rtn ,smoothly. ': A'"lirkd iamounit 'of waste steam has' 'to' be 'got .rid of before honourable members settle 'dowiitobusiness. The noisy iiseless vapour, 'assuines'the form of long, purpdseless and wearisomie speeches in reply to the address which time-honoured customi . 'ompels Ministers to place before' Parliameintjus as the half-dozen oysters are set before' each guest at.a grand dinner, in order to: whet the appetite for the. good things, coming. "Priming"-as iiieechlianical en gineers techniically term it---is not, how ever, confined to steam engines. Honour abld members are subject to the same con tingeney,' and also require -a certain amount of " blowing 'off" before thdy, are' "ready to perform their. funetions in the Legislature:: 'Major Smith and Mr.J Mirams, forlinstance, who, 'in addition to. tho "priming" consequent, on a'someivhat lengthened 'period of inaction, doubtless stiffer'from' a waht of the lubricating bil `attaching: to Ministerial positions, 'were unable to make any inove towards forward ing the Parliamentary work of :the session; -until a: large 'amount' of "latent' power"; had been expended. The gallant: membe; for-Balalat, ah becomes' aveteran -warrior, sought to annihilate the enemy bythe' force- 'and :suddenness of his attack; launching at'the foeehis oratorical " horse, foot" 'and dragoois," determined apparently; 'to;let;,tlheworld sde' how nobly 'he could: sacrifice private friendship to political! exigency, and thiis stea 'noble 'example to his whilom 'chief and: itime,' the Chief Secretary. Mr.'Mirams,,on, the contrary,! proceeded to conduct his operations against the Ministry'according, to the old strategic rules. He knows the Government positioni is not.to be taken by storm,, but must, be! approached cautiously by sap and parallel,? -until the proper moment comes for deliver-' ing the final assault. His attack was merely, a kind of .reconlaissance ea force, intended. tomakehisopponentsshow their.hand; For!. tfive mortal hours, by. the Assembly clock, did the honourable member who wields at, will the- fierce democracy of Collingwood' ;eilarge on the shortcomings of the Minis try, and.their faults of omission. - Accord-' ing to their critic, the Government had not: made the Acting-Governor half loquacious' enough, and-horror of horrors-had not odvotedeven the smallest of paragraphs to' the report of the.. Tariff Commission,' evolved,.if rumour be not sadly at fault, entirely'out of the depths of Mr. Mirams's individual consciousness. Looking at Mr.. Mirams, and. listening to him, it was diffi cult to' avoid speculating as : to .when the debate would terminate, if only' one: .half of the people's represeritatives suffered from Jf?i'de couche iii aii equal' degree with that honourable gentleminan. All thinks,. however,. must. sooner or later come to an end, and so' little niatter-was left for suc ceeding speakers, that.it is not much to be wondered 'at that'th`' frditless debate on the reply, to the'. address terminated on Wedinesday; The" discussidn only'served to,show that thi Government is quite as strong as during last session,'and that the gentloenin anxious, to depose them, and reign in their stead; must for some time to comie continue to,;possess" their isouls 'in peace, and enjoy the ,doubtful pleasuretof hope deferred. , From the manner in which the statement made by- the,Premier on Thursday, in rela tion to the federation, annexation, and recidiviste questions was received, there can be little doubt that the resolutions arrived, at by? the Sydney Convention in 'regard to' these matters will be fully endorsed by the VYiotorian Parliament. ; With, the:. excep-' -tion-of one-er'two"honourable members, whose special business it appears to be to carp._at evercthing the Ministry pro poses, there :is a unanimity 'of'feeling shown by the Assembly that, despite the cold water showered over the movement by our New. South Wales neighbours, will induce the other 'colonies to take up the agitation with warmth; and ensure its ultimate. success. The Victorian public owe a debt of gratitude to their honours the judges of. the Supreme Court for re sisting the effort of the solicitors to frus .trate the main objectof the Judicature Act, which is to render the administration of the law both cheap and.expeditious. The "lower'branch of the profession " are far from .'pleasd. at the prospect. of their profits suffering a diminution, and strongly object to the rule which fixes costs on the "lower scale"-as if there were such a thing as low law .charges-unless the judge before whom any. case is tried makes a special order to the contrary. They desired to be entitled to levy the highest rate in all instances, leaving it discretion ary with the Court to order the costs to be on.tho lower scale. How many barristers wosild have the courage, as.a rule, to make this application ?. By doing so they would be diminishing, their own fees, and in curring the ill-will. of the attorneys into t the bargain,; and no mal, in these en- 1 lightened. days, who .owes .a hundred guineas, will be found ready voluntarily to take his bill quickly and write four score. Preachers of the Strong type have cured tliein of 'any such little' weaknesses, and their honors have 'shown themselves wise in not subjugating the virtue of our legal I advocates to' such a severe strain as it Would. have had to siustain had the "solicitors, proctors, and 'conveyancers" i been successful in their appeal to the judges. Was it wivant of savsir vivre, 'or a delibe rate intention to take the ''upper tens" of Victorian 'society "down a peg or two,'" that:induced Mrs. 'Brownrigg, the wife of I one 'of' tli' recently ..arrived Imperial officers of the militib staff, to' send her fesmms de clhamb're to the Cinderblla' ball? lMelbourne society, 'or at least its creme'do to creme, is :ina' ferment of indignation at the affront 'put upon it, and the Ladies' Comniittdee who managed the. affair on be half of the .Work Association talk loudly bf ostradising the peocant mimber of ComMiittee who, unable to be pre sent herself, sent her ladies' maid as her substitute. - Apart, however, from the offended susceptibilityof the aristocracy of Toorak and St. Kilda;: who: were un wittingly compelled for a few hours todrub shoulders with "a domestic servant," no great harm can have accrued from this perpetrated piece of snobbery. The Abignil was far 'younger a'nd prettier than her mistress, and during the time she assum?d; to' bdh a "real lady" belihaved herself "as sich '-which is more than many of'her own sex who look' down upon her can at all times do;: Indeed, were it not that some' few of the gentle men at 'the Cinderella' dance-so-called I because" 'at" the stroke of'twelve the fes tivities are brought to a summary 'end-- I have be'en "sworn at Highgate,'! and 'thus made oath "never to kiss' the maid' when they could kiss the mistress," the episode which has "stirred socihty to .its depths" might never have been heard of. As'it' is ' large' proportion' of tihe young moi present do not feelat all disposed to be too severe on conduct which gave them 'a decidedly handsome partner, who, if she did address them as "sir," and checked their tob fervid attentions with "Oh, don't, now " conducted herself quite as well 'as her "siuperiors" 'in a gathering .i"heio "antecedents" are a tendor subject, and in which the less said about " relatives" the better. Numerous instances besides the. well knownione of the old lady who kissed her cow,' could be given of the queer taste at times shown by members of the fair sex. The most recent one, however, is that of the "sweet girl graduate," who has led a medical student to commit a breach of the university regulations by admitting her to the dissecting room, where six bodiep lay in grim array, ready for the anatomist's scalpel. After this last developnlent of feminine curiosity and morbid taste for the horrible, it is nolonger permitted to doubt the historical truth of the opisode of Fatima, Blue Beard, and the forbidden chamber. The wet weather, which has gladdened the hearts of the farmers and gradziers, has not been equally pleasing to theatrical entrepreneurs, but the various places of amusement have nevertheless been fairly patronised during the week. At the Royal, Notre Dame, with Miss Jeffreys Lewis as Esmeralda;! still holds the boards. Thi Princess opens to-night with " She Stoops to Conuquer," performed by Miss Do Grey's Losdon Comedy Company, who make-their. flrst?,appearance before :,. a- Mell~ourne audienge:.The Majeroni season at the Opera; House .,.closed. yesterday, ,and. to-night' 'The Blue Ribbon of the ,Turf,'? withl real horses and a real steeplechase, is to be produced. "La Fille,.du,. Madame Angot " still runs at the;Bijou, where Miss Emelie Melville has .evidently ,,entered upon an era of prosperity. The Montaguo' Turner Operatic Company are starring it in the provinces, and, delighting large audiences in Saindhurst, Ballarat, Geeloung and.,some ..of the less important country to;wns.'. TheVictor? Hall is still tenrianted by ts Hiblernici and. a troupe of sabld minetreld. : 