A CASTLE IN SPAIN. CH PTRR LVIII. IN WHICH THE KING COMES TO CLAIM HIS OWN. The party of prisoners waz conducted by " his Majctly " to that upper room which had formerly bteo occupied by the ladieA Mrs Russell clung j to the > oval person as fondly as ever. It was a critical hour in the dean'niee of Spain. I 'White's Bite," eritd "his Majesty," "th v. ' took of cooks? It's starvin' we iub. I haven't I eien her annywheres. I'll go an' hunt her up." ! With theBe words he hurrie i our, followed by j Mrs Rurseli. They de canded ti e stiire, and their footsteps died away in tbe distan;-. No one was now with the prisoners except toe wounded Re publicans. "Lit ub fly I" said Harry, in u quick, sharp wbispvr. He hurried Katie to "the chimney, and clamber ing up, drew her after him. The others followed at once. Colore" came next to Harry. "I know aiecrei w-y out," s-idsh. "I will show ti e way. Lo' me go ahead. I know it in the daik " " Do you t" said Harry. "Oh, then go ahead." Upon this Dolo'cs took tho lead along with Ashby ; Harry and Katie came next, while Brooke and Ta'irot brought up tbe Tear, these last wonder ing at this unexpected revelation of the passage way. By this time each member of th) party had gained a full and complete comprehension as well as appreciation of the present state of things, both with reference io ihe old lover and also the new " one. Embarrassment haa now passed away, and all were full of hope, joy, and enthusiasm. Suddenly a hollow groan sounded through tho dark t ess. " Who's there ?" cried Ashby, in Spanish. " Help I help 1" said a'faint voice, in English. " An Englishman I" cried Ashby, speaking in Engli-h. " Who aie yen?" " Ob, kelp I help ! I'm a prisoner. A fiand has me in I or power. ' Once I was named Hosseli, but new — oh ! oh 1 my n»me is Rita !" Foil of wonder, Ashby felt his way forward, and found h man on the floor. His legs and arms were tied. He was almost opeechlefs, parriv from terror and pRrr.ly trom joy. In a few words he told his story, which need not be repeated her-. Rita ba 1 bound him, and had only left him a short time before, at tbe sadden noise of their approach. I; was cot until afterwards that they understood the whole story, for just then thoy wer.- in too great a hurry to ask questions. A pull from Ashby 'h brandy flesk pai'ly restored Russell's strength, but more was accomplished by bia joy at this unexpected deliverance. Terror also came lo his aid and lens him sircngth, and lie was now mors anxious than any of tlism to fly from this awful prisoc-houie. Dolores now led the way as before, and they all followed down long tt"ps and crooked passage ways until at R.st they reached the outlet. Here they found themselves in the chasm. A hzsty ctnsult-iiion ended in ihe decision not to goto the tower for fear lett Cariis'.s might be thera. They conclui ed, therefor--, to go along the chasm for seme oi .'uDCe, and then ascend to tbe open country, above, and after this to go forward as far as pofsikia that seme mgtit. 1 hey traversed tho chasm in this way, and at lost react ed the top, where they found themselves lobe about a mile avray from the castle. Here the grcund slc.ped gentiv, descending into a broad valley, to which they deu.d d to go. In tk:s di rection ihey therefore piocoedud as carefully a) possible, and had gone about two milts in safety, when suddenly they became aware of a great noieo like the quick trol of numerous horses. It wa9ad- voncing so ifapidly that tbey had no time to take measures for escape, and before they could consult together, a tioop of horsemen came over a rising ground in front and galloped straight towards them, A wild look all nronnd showed them tbe hopeleesnsss of their situation. The coun try was open. There was not a house, or a fence, or a tree, or a hush, that might afford a hiding place. Flight was uselejo, 1'ney eouid do notbiDg now but trust to ths faint hope that they might he deemed unworthy of attention. But toon thiB hope proved vain — they were seen — thoy were surrounded — they were again prisoners. They soon learned that this new bind consisted of Oarliats ; that they were on the way to the castle lo join the King, who had gone on before. Tbe King I Kntie knew who that was. Harry was puzzled, as he always had bpen, ahont " bi9 Majesty." Dolores also" was mystified, Bince the had never believed that " hie MajtBty" was what be pretended lo he, Ashby also had not believed it, and now was more puzzled than any of them. Brooke and Talbot, however, w.-re str»ngers to the pretensions of that singular being who called himself King, and therefore hoped th"t this would turn out for the bent. As for Russell, ho was in despair, for to him " his Majesty" was more dread than any other human being, with the single and terrible exception of Sita. And now he felt himself dragged back to meet him — worse, to meet Rita. Despair took full possession of him. All his strength left him, aud one of the troupers had to give up his borse to tho world-worn captive. It whs with such fe lings as these that the party reached tbe castio, :-nd were led upstairs into the presence of the King. The firs! glance which they gave around showed them that there had betn a slight mistake some where. Down below, the court-yard and the lower hill were full of men. Hare there were twenty or thirty, all in tho uniform of officers ; all men of distinguished air and good breeding ; all gentle- meD, aud far different from the ragged gang whom they had last encountered here. In the centre of this company stood a man who at once attracted to himself the eyes of tho. party of prisoners, He was of medium size, with heavy black moustache, and dark penetrating eye3. He had the air of one who hud always bean aoeus- tomcd to the respectful obedience of others ; au zir of command which rtstrd well upon his bold and resolute face, it was tbe face of one whr lived in the consciousnesa that he was the centre and strength and hope of a gailmt party ; of one who believed himself to hold a divine commission to regenerate a fallen country j of one who knew tbat be alone in ail the world held up aloft at the head of an a:my the proud banner of Con servatism j cf one who, for tnis mission, had given up ease and luxury and reif-indulgenco, had entered upon a life of d inger, hardship, and cease less toil, and every day lived in the very presence of death ; in Bhort, they saw before them the idol of the Soanish Legitimists — the high-souled, tbe chivalrous Don Carles. The ouiek, penetrating glance which he threw upon the party soon faded into a pleasant smile. " Welcome, ladies," said he ; " welcome, gentle men. Some one rpoke of a party of prisoners ; I had no hope of such gooii fortune as to meet with guestB. But you must have met with some misfor tune, in which C3se, let u«s help you." Ho spoke in Spunith, of course— a language which is mually spoken in Spain : and a very pretty language it is, roo, and one which I Bhould advise all ray readers to learu ; for they would find it uncommonly useful in case they should ever find themselves in a castle in Spain. It was Harry who replied. He told the whole story, as far as it was known to himself, dwelling especially upon the character and actions of that sti≱ being who had played the role of monarch. Harry's light and playful nature throw a tinge of comicality around the whole storr, which wbs highly appreciated by his hearers. And so it was that a smile began to go round, until at length it deepened and duveloped into laughter, and so went on deepening and broadening and intensifying, until nt last the laughter grevr, if not Homeric, at least loud enough and long enough for a castle in Spaio. "It's tho Irishman!" cried Don Carlos — "it's the Irish guerrilla 1 It's O'Totle I Tho villain 1 he shall hang for this, Harry was too good-natured to feel revengeful, and was just beginning to beg for O'TodIo's life, when suddenly thero arose behind them the sound of hurried footsteps, followed by wild cries. All turned, and a strange figure met their eyes. It was a woman. She wore a military cloak and an officer's kepi. Sho looked wildly around, ""Where is he? Where is my own one?" she cried — "his Majesty? Whore is the hope of Spain?" Russell saw her. He threw out wide his manly arras — he opened his mouth : "Jew — li — a-r-r-r-r-r 1 " With a long, loud cry ho shouted this name, and rushed toward her. Mrs Rusicll bsw him coming — her lost, lamented lord ! the one whom she had mourned as dead ! Wsb this his ghost ? or was he indeed alive ? In any ease, the shock was awiul f -r a woman of delicate ricrveB ; and Mrs Russell priil ,d h-raelf on beiug a woman of very delicate ner . -, . So sbo did what a worn- oi delicate nerves ought to do— she gave a loud, up, piercing shriek, and fainted dead away in her ron.l husband's aims. Don Carlos gave a grin, and ih-n pulled at his , moui'.zche. ! " Another victim," said he to the laughing com- I pany. " Oh yes ; O' Toole shall certainly swing for ibis. Disciplines must and shall be maintain ed. 3end out aud catch .the fellow. Have him up here at once." | Th-y sent out and they hunted everywhere, but i nowhere could they discover any traces of ths brilliant, the festive, the imaginative, the mimetic, j ihp Ingenious O'Toole. Be was Dever seen again. Some say that in the dead of Dight two figures might have -been eeen slowly wondiog their way up tha path toward tbe tower ; that the ooe looked like O'Toole and the other looked like Ri'a. It may haTe been so ; many thing3 are possible in this evil world ; and if so, we must suppose that these two gradually faded away among tha mists of cloud-land ihat always surround a cattle in Spain. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 