j - SPORTING "1NTBLMGJDNGE. ~ ^ VICTORIA AMATEUR TURF CLUB RACES. |BY TELEGRAPH.] (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT. MELBOURNE, SUNDAY. The weather on Saturday was everything that could be desired. The V. A. T. C. committee had put forward an exceedingly good programme for the afternoon's racing, and the owners of racehorses had responded so liberally that a large attendance at the Caulfield course was the natural result. 'The course was in. admirable order and the racing good. The Victoria Gold Cup brought out the very small field of three horses, and Fickle, who started at even money, had a very easy victory, ne Black Jacket stopped in front of the grand stand, and Gilderoy baulked persistently on the hill past the stand, and though eventually he got round he was never within half a mile of the winner. For the Ladies' 'Trophy the large field of 31 horses started, and The Ghost Biutrlcd out when they had travelled about one third of the distance, and led home a winner by a length. Primus came With a fast rush at the last moment, but it was too late to be effective. had he got through the horses a little earlier he would have troubled The Ghost. It is a somewhat odd coincidence that this race was won last year by a horse named The Ghost. The following are the particulars of the racing : HANDICAP HURDLE RACE. Mr. T. Jones' Meiti, lust. (Kinn) .... ... 1 Mr. P. KC'IIV'G Connors d, 9st. 8lb. (Itoidv) ... £2 Mr. A. Taylor's MtiBidora, 10st. 8lb. (McGowan)... as Blazoaway, Discount, Tontalieer, Footman, and Midnight (late Napoleon) also started. Betting : 6 to 2 against Merri, 3 to 1 against. Musidora, 4 to 1 against Discount. Merri was backed strongly by the stable, and the public followed suit, the result being that he started at the short odds of 5 to 2. The favourite went to the front at the start, and leading all the way, won very easily, nothing being able to pace with him at any part of the journey. Time, 3 minutes 34 seconds, THE vrcTonrA GOLD CUP. ! Mr. G. Gio-coo-'Al'ioklc, ltM. All; (Mr. Glasscock) 1 Mr. J. Fitriov'i, Mock.locket, levels. (Mr. W. S. Cox) 2.. 2 Mr. J. B. Gill F Gilderoy, list. did. (Mr. M'Culloch) 0 Betting: Even on Fickle ; 6 to against Black Jacket 3 2 to 1 against Gilderoy. Fickle lead away, Gilderoy taking second place, and Black Jacket was loitering behind. Rising the hill, at the far end of the course, Gilderoy went to the front and lead till reach- ing the fences in front of the stand, where Fickle was loved M i(h him. Here Black Jacket baulked and got no further. At the hill past the stand Gilderoy baulked, and remained a long time, and Ficklo cantered the rest of the distance and won by half-a-mile. i Gilderoy, after a deal of persuasion, ( was induced to go over the course. I i THE LADIES'' TROPHY. Miss Er-ld's The Ghost. 8st. 'Mrs. (J. W Umuna) or. 1 Mrs. W. I'uarwn's Primus, spells. (Power) 2 Mrs. D. S. Wallace's Diicnnn, 8st. bill. (O'Brien). BttBRnnio, Squireen, Countryman, St. Lawrence, Stafford,, Mistake, Fleurette, Precious" Stone, Tumult, 'Regulator, Planning], Liberator, Pailleroo, Black Diamond, Middle- ' march, Polly, Impulse, Leporello. Cupidon, Manfred, Caller On, times, Honors, Wotonga, 'Uppity Witches, > Yellowhnmmcr, Brimstone, and Berkely also started. Betting: 6 to 1 against St. Lawrance, 100 to 12 against Middlemarch, 100 to 10 each against the Ghost and Duenna, 100 to 8 against Cupid on, 100 to 7 against Countryman. The horses seemed to be all on their legs at once, and at the start Duonna, Mistake, and Manfred were showing prominently among the lenders. The Ghost came up the straight with a good land. Duenna made a strong effort, but could not get on equal terms with the London. Primus was late in getting through his horses, and he came with a fine rush, but was too late to be effective and was beaten by a length. Donna was beaten by a neck for second place ; Middlemarch was not. at the head of a rbiKter. among whom were Stullord, Liberator, Leporello, and Impulse. Time, 1 nun. 20 ice. 21-13 S'HJ'.rl.ECliABE. Mr. A. Itarpoi's Stnnipeiic, first HMS. (Maloney Mr. L. UlnsbOck'sricUe. lOst. Gib. (MsLeodl 2 Mr. T. Jones's Australian JCouit.lO-t. 10lb. (Butler) 3 Katunga, Fame, Pride, Deceiver, "-Yanco, Banyenong, Starlight, Pilot, Holyrood, Helpmate, Doris, and Hands' Down also started. Betting : 2 to 1 against Fame, 4 to, 4 against Ficklo, 5 to 1 register stampede. As the the horses were sent away Ficklo was showing in front, but was almost immediately passed by Pride, who in turn was passed by Pilot. Ruling the bill for the first fence I once went to the front and baulked at the fence causing Fame to stop. Pilot ran off, and Holyrood baulked and got rid of his lictor. Fame took the fence on the second time of asking, and did not lose much ground. Pride fell lit the fact fears, and Stampede came away in front. I'ickle then made a good effort, and passing Stampede led into the straight, where Australian Court was ft close third. In the run home Stampede came up very gamely, and Ficklo tiring, a fine finish was won by-tnmpcdo by a neck, Australian Court being third about four lengths off ; Fumo warmth, and Riitunctit, Stnrliglil, Hands Down, Banyenong, and Helpmate finished in that order and well spread out. Time, 4 minutes 39 seconds. THE RICHMOND HANDICAP, Of 50 SOMBRE mile. Mr. J. Paterson E Black Diamond, 7st. 5lb. (Hobson) 1 Hon. W. Pearson's remains!., 7st. lib. (I;. Powers Mr. 8. Gardiner. Lyons Lady. Gal. 10h (F. Barr) 8 Boolka, Bnssanfo, Duonno, Lesbia, Norfolk, Regulator, Uproarious, Kohinoor, Impulse, Cupidon, Yellowhammer, and Pinto also started. Betting: 3 to 1 against Primus, 6 to 1 against Up carious, 8 to 1 each against Biessauio and Boolka, 10 to 1 against Norfolk. Lyons Lady, Gordon, and Black Diamond were showing prominently in front as the horses went away, and Donna and Impulse were last Riorag the star turn, Plate look the lead, and Yellowhnmmcr and Uproarioiifa were next. Pluto hold his lead over the far hill, when Boolka was seen going upon the outside, and before long he was in the front. Hear the sodwall Him he Diamond caught and passed Boolka. Approaching the turn for home Duenna fell, and Lesbia fell over her. Black Diamond led up the straight and won easily by four lengths, Primus being second. ' Time, 1 minute 47 seconds. I - 