A GLORIOUS FORTUIj. iBY WALTER BESANT, Author of "All Sorts and Conditions of Men," and joint author of "Thq Golden Butterfly," etc. (Continued.) George sought Milly, whowas,if one iay confess a thing which should not be a cause of shame, in the kitchen making goose berry jam. This is a conserve favour, ably regarded by the youthful palate, and is cheap. To the adult who is pick-. some, the jelly of Siberian crab, which ie soft and silky to the palate-as they say of claret and of tea-if preferable, 'as so is the preserve made of blackberries4. which is full-flavoured and fragrant, yet fresh from the wood. - "Milly, my dear," he said cheerfully, though he was oppressed with the thinig he had to face, "you look delightful iq a white apron, and your fingers are so sticky that you are defenceless." "George," she said demuerly, :. dicl you stay away from business on purpose to kiss me 1" "Not quite, dear child. On the con trary, I have a great deal to. say to you. Firstof all, I have made my cousin Reginald miserable, and Copernipa aq well." "Oh! But why?" "Next, I am going to make youi not miserable, but full of wonder. "My ndear Milly, a very strange and mbst: une expected thing has happened. I do not think I ought to tell you to.day what that is. Indeed, .you must not hint op let fall the slightest suspicion 'that any, thing at all has happened." " Has it anything to do, George, With with-with my father 1" :: " A good deal, Milly. But ask nie no more. "Yes, tell me; is it anythinig agains him? 1 told you, George, that I do not love him as I ought to love myjr father, but--" "But his honour is a sacred .thing, Milly. There is nothing against your father's honour that I know of. Yet re member that Mr. Montoro does not knior that, and must not be told or allowed for a moment to suspect, until to-morrow." " t looks like conspiring against one's own father ; but I do not expect that ho. will come here to-day." " it is not that, Milly, as you will see to-morrow. It is conspiring for hiq.". "George, I do not understand in the least. To-morrow I Why, he is coming lhere to-morrow, to meet Mr. Richard' abouts the sale of the houses. Oh, my :poor houses ! I am so sorry they are to be sold." "I don't think they will be sold," said George. "And to.morrow I am to drive 'abltou London, to buy fine things for my oitfit." " Perhaps you will not take that drive." said George mysteriously. "And [ had a letter to.day from iny aunt Paulina. She has not aseen' me for four years, but I told her, when I' wrote last, that my father had returned and she is coming here to-morrow to see 'him. 'Congratulate him,' she says, 'on'his splendid success, and we shall always;ba pleased to see him, and you with him, at Wimbledon.' " George laughed. " I am glad your aunt is coming. .It will be another agreeable surprise for yogr father. Does he know 1" " No, he does not, I only got the letter this morning. He has always declared that he does not desire to see any .of. }ia relations." " Shall you send him the letter ? " "Why," said Milly, " my father has neveroven told me where he is staying." "Ican tell you that, if you want" to know. Stay, T will tell you to-morrow.;" "George, you are most mysterious. Tell me, is this a bad thing that has---" " No, not a bad thing. It is sucb a food thing, Milly, that had it not hap, poned"-his face darkened-"?1 would have wished you lying dead and burled in the graveyard, and myself beside you. Oh, my dear," again he clenched his fist, 4nd looked like one who thirsts for another man's blood, "it is such a good thing that we shall have to go in hqmblo grgti tude for it all the rest of our lives." "And I shall leave it to morrowl Wl.y, ,eorge, what can it bel It is not money nothing to do with money would make you wish me dead. And you say that it does not affect my father's honour. Why, what can it be?" t "You shall learn it to.morrow. But for to-day, Milly, can you trust me?l "Why, George dear," she said, throw ing her arm round his neck-it was not true that her fingers were sticky "George, if Icannot trust you, whon, am 1 to trust?" "Then, my darling, obey me for exactly four-and-twenty hours, and I will obey you for all my life to come. Listen, my dear." - He whispered. The effect of that whisper could not be equalled oven by the gallery' in St. Paul's Cathedral. Milly blushed, and then turned pale; first her eyes looked startled and frightened; next, they became soft first she opened her mouth, and gasped ; then her lips trembled, and gradually settled into a smile. " George," she said, "do you, mean this ? " For reply he drew out a document and showed it to her. She read it through and blushed again. It was a formal'doou ment, the nature of which becameevident to her after the first few words, of preamble. "But I sail the day after to.morrow." " Do you think, my dear, that-. I am going to let you go ?" " But what am I to say ? Oh, George, what will my father say I" ' He will approve-he will consent ;and yeet you will not go to America with him." " Oh, I am ina dream !" "Do you consent, then,my dear 1" She gavehim both her hands. : "Yes, George, only tell me what to do." "You have only to come to my rooms to-morrow morning at ten. Bring Coper nicea-poor little maid !--with you, and say nothing-not one word-to any one, my dear. I cannot rest for thinking that you are not yet under my protection. Only one day more to wait. You cannat be carried off in one day." "Who is to carry me off, George " "There is only one man, my dear, who would try, but he is possessed of many devils. Kiss me, and trust me, and say nothing." All that day there was a restraint at Voritas Villa, and an uneasy feoling'that something or other would happen. Copernica went on with her task of cats loguing, but without heart; the Dia coverer continued to sit before the notes of his inaugural lecture, but somehow his enthusiasm was, for the moment, quenched. He even fell into one of those fits of despondency which sometimes, but; rarely, filled his mind with the blackness of despair, because .at those times a mocking voice asked him how it was that he could never account for a lunar eclipse. What should he say, when his class asked him how, on his system, he could produce an eclipse of the moon "Father," said Copernica at length, ",It is no use trying to work. George meant something-he never talks idly; but lot us put the things away and go for a walk." She took her father to the banks of the river, where they wanidereod in a settled gloom. The child tried to raiso her father's spirits by pointing out the many proofs of the earth's flatnoss which could be gathered from the pros peat around them. ' In fact anyone who contemplates the Wanstead Marshes long enough cannot fail at arriving at the conclusion that the earth is as flat as a paticake. But the Discoverer remained dejected. Was the cup to be dashed away fromrhis lips at the moment of fruitionl? Was he really to go on in the old half-hearted way, making a Recruit now and-then, courting contempt, being held -.updto:ridicule ? And then-the recollec ":tioiof'that cheque lay at his heart. Yet ifionde could' not trust Milly's father,lifi whom was trust to be placed ? ,:To-morrow-to-morrow he was to One person remained to be pre piarecd?; .This was the unfortunate Johnny, :George took him in the after noon to see his old. haunts. Theyvisited together the places they had known in the old days: the cottage where he ;brought home his.young wife, and was hiappy before the sistermarried into carriage company, and the baneful passion of envy was aroused ; the church where he once held part of a pew; the tavern, where :there had once been a club, to which he 'ent- once a week, when there was a sing-song., Johnny-whom it is im ,:possible:to call Mr. Montoro-shed tears intithinking of .that weekly sing-song. Then they took train-in the old days it was an omnibus- to the city, and Sgazed at the exterior of the house .where he hatid once been a clerk. .When the lani's heart was thus softened with the paet,George began to prepare him for the morrow. "i'I kept"you aprisoner all this time," he said, partly for your own sake. Tell me,what would haphenif you had met the Colonel in America? , ."I should have shot him," he replied. ' bh'yes ! I know I should have shot ihini; ,1 felt exactly like shooting him." "; If you were to meet him here in Eng. Iland,,what would you do ' ? " ,'There . would be a fight," he said -courageously. "Yes, I think-I'm most sure there'd be a fight, because I bound to cill him a thief, and the Colonel is not a man likely to stand that- you lay. your last dollar he isn't, So.there must beho. a fight, you see., " It would be a poor sort of a fight," said G?eorge.. "Well, suppose you heard that 'the Colonel was calling himself by your name--" ,, What'd he do that for ?" " Suppose he went to Mr. 'Ambler's :house and said he was Mr. Montoro, and. ,that,Millywas his daughter, and sold hler hiouses, and told her to go over to America with him. "W.ith him I Go with him I" The man became pale, and trembling in all his limbs. "The little maid go with himl" "That is exactly what he has done. "' ,Then Johnny began to swear. Mild as he was, he had learned to swear after the manner of the American rough and rowdy. 1ie swore at the Colonel so terribly that George thought he would have some kind ;of.fit.;. He swore so long that George thought he would never finish. "Come," he said at length, '!if you hadn't already sworn enough for ten men, I?w'ould ask you to say it all over again for me., Now, I warn yon, to-morrow you will meet that identical villain. What are you going to do ?" ". Vthy," Johnny replied slowly, "he bhasn'tgot thelittle maid, has he ? 'Twould bie very different if he had. And he hasn't got thi money for them houses, has he ? So, mnister, I think,. as I'm a peaceful 'maii, Ishall kind o' let him go. The Colonel's a terrible man to fight. It's a gieat thing to be peaceful-kind o' gets a man on in the world." " Yes," said George, "you are 'a beautiful example, are you not ? " "But,"' said Johnny, "about them iiotes; .Yes, I am afraid there may be :a fight 'Podr Milly ! . Her luck in fathers was very lbad. George wondered which of the twain, on the whole, was the most 'un desirable.' Difficult to honour either of thenimand there is an old world prejudice that it is better to be a sturdy rogue than a coward. If the Colonel was a rogue he ?was sturdy. If Johnny was indifferent honest, he was a most dreadful coward. ;OuI'ATER VIII. WHO GIVETH AWAY THIS wonras 1 ' IIknew," said Copornica when Milly asked her to put on her hat and go for a walk with her, ",I knew that something wioiild happen to day, and I knew it would be something to do with you, because Geofge was in it. And it will be some thing to do with Mr. IMontoro, because papa is in it. Yes, Milly dear, I will be ready ina minute. As for poor papa, lie has not slept a wink all night, but walked aboiit groaning, and this morning he is sitting all of a heap-like among the boxes. Aiid; oh, good gracious, Milly ! you've got on your white frock and white gloves. What in the world-" '"Come," said Milly,smiling; "you shall know in half an hour as much as I know mysolf. Why, dear, as to what it iillmeans, I know no more than you. Buit something has happened-something which is to make us grateful all our days, GCeorge says, and to-day we shall learn what it is." "But, why white flock and white gloves I" Copernica persists. " It is like a wedding." "Yes, dear," Milly blushed, "itis i terribly like a wedding, is it not ? " First, they went to George's lodgings. This was in itself a remarkable thing, becardio George should hlave been at his businesis. But he was not, he was stand ing:at the garden -gate waiting for them. I With him wore two gentlemen-one of tkheni Copernica's cousin, Mr. Richard; the other, a strange man-not a gentle men, exactly, to judge by his look, which was" downcast and shy, as if he was diresed in a suit of clothes too good for iiii; and really, when Copernica, who wes sharp of observation, brought her eyes to bear upon that stranger's dress, ihe.became conscious that he was dressed i in!Georgo's clothes, which made her feel as if shelo was in a dream. She was certain of it-quite certain of it-she knew the pattern and recognised the cut. Who was this strange man, who must needs borrow a suit of George's clothes ? I Had he turned up with nothing to wiea And when he lifted his head and.looked round him-in a furtive, a;shaaioedkind of way-the child's brain became suddenly troubled, because he re miiided her of somebody-she knew not, fortlhe momoet, who it could be. This :more than ever made her feel like being in a dream. , This uncanny ghost-like feeling may be arrived at any day by walking about the st eetsof London at twilight, when yon jiust catch a glimpse-no more-of the faces ase they pass, and find your mind Ipresently filled with old fancies and vague, sorrowful suggestions. You have seen you remember when they have passed yot--faces which reminded you of dead friends., The procession of London faces is-endless; as one grows older the streets besome more and more filled with the faces of: the dead ; so that one thinks sometimes that this marching in procession' beside the living may be one form of pur gatory; and one trembles to think that if welwore to grow very old indeed, the pro eci~sion of faces in a crowded street would obe-wholly composed of dead men. To this girl;:the face of the strange man suggested •likneoss to some one, a feeling of having seen it before somewhere; and it made her uncomfortable. George did not iin troduce him to them; took no notice of him i and merely nodded to him when he said that it was time to be moving. :, Thoy fdrmed a little procession. George aid Milly went first; Hr. Richard and GOoperiica came next; .and the stranger foll0owod behind, saying nothing, but hanging his head with every appearance of great dejection. It was onlya part of the general mys fery and strangeness, and, therefore, it did not in the least surpriso Copernica that they walked all the way to Hackney Churclh and wentiup the steps, observing the same order.; But in-the'porchlof 'that great - quare Saratoga,' or travelling-trunk which does duty for a parish church, George stopped and said : ": .Milly dear, I thobgiitlyoiu"wodild;like to be married in the same church as your father and mother." "Aye," said the strangerin a low voice, "~.It was in this very same church twenty one years ago. And Matilda iiin 'pink." Then Miliy was going to be' married. That was one of. the things. 'But why 1 'And where washer father Aiid George looking as' serious as if he was going to a funeral..'. At weddings people ought to laugh and be happy, she thought, beingla! yet young and ignorant, and not thinking that from weddings spring most of the ills:which do afflict humanity; such as a lean purse, a nagging tongue, household troubles, sick 'children, bad sons, disap pointing daughters, distraction of peace, abolition of comfort, and many others. It is true that there is the chance of great blhesings'; such as- But they are knowin to everybody, and at the outset we all expect them, and mean to have them, and shape our course accordingly. But what, Copernica wondered, what in the world did this mysterious person mean by saying ," Matilda in pink 1" Who was Matilda 1 . Then they went into the church. There were already assembled the People, repre sented-as is the'way with the People on state occasions, because they are all busy outside, toiling and moiling-by' their elected and trusted functionaries, the verger and the pew-opener. And a curate was in the vestry putting on his robes of office. They walked up the aisle and stood before the altar, and presently the clergy. man came out of the vestry, and took his place, book in hand, and began the service. The words echoed siiockingly in the great emipty church.. Copernica would have cried had not at the very beginning the stranger dressed in. George's clothes begun. to snuffle and to shed tears, which made her ashamed of being in his company. Why shoild he cry 1 What business had he with.the wedding at all ? She would have liked to whisper her opinion of this con 'duct to her cousin Dick Ambler, but he looked as serious as George, and bdre himself as if weeping strangers in other people's clothes belonged to every wed cling, like the dreadful old skeleton whi'eh 'wts always present at the feast, though it was good manners to take no manner of notice of it. Another wonderful thing: When the clergyman asked, " Who giveth away this woman I" the stranger it was who oflici ously stepped forward and performed this duty which Cousin Dick should have don , and he did it, too, with a most indecent choke and gulp, murmuring irreverently, "You bet I do," which is not in 'the Prayer-book. And then to the end of the service he never took his' eyes from' the bride, who regarded him' not it' all, and seemed not to know that he was present, being wholly occupied with the over wholmning ,fact that she was being swiftly converted into a wife. She had her heart's .desire-not quite in the way she had expected, which was a way of festivity and good wishes, but she had her desire. Therefore she ought to have been happy. But, oh; what would her father say? And what about that promise to go with him for two years 1 Yet George assured her that her father would actually consent. Why, how could that be ? But she was married, the ring was on her finger, and the words were said; yet she was afraid-a girl on such an occasion wants to have her spirits kept upl by the gathering of her friends; no' one likes to be married in an abso lutely empty church; it was like some uncared-for creature to be married with no one 'to support her except Copernica, and even:her own father not present. 'When they went to the vestry to sign the strange man came with' them, and signed his name after the bride, but she did not read his signature. .Then the ceremony was complete, and Copernica fell into the bride's, arms and kissed and hugged her. "Oh, Milly, Milly," she said, "what des it mean ? Are you to stay while we go away without you? And what will your father say, and what will he do ? Will he take you away with him just the same ?" " What should he do ?" interposed the stranger huskily. "It isn't for the likes of him to carry sweet maids away to America. Don't you take on, miss. He never meant it. Not for one minute did he think of doing such a thing." "Come, Milly dear," said George; "you have got to listen to a little story before you go home-I moan, before you go back to your oldhomeo. Your home is with me now, thank heaven ! You will come too, Copernica. It is a strange story, not very terrible, but it might have been." So they all went back again. There was no wedding breakfast prepared, no champagne or drinking of healths, or wishing of joy, or throwing of rice, or looking up of old shoes-not at all. They went silently into George's room, and stood looking at each other, and especially at the stranger, whose face betokened the most painful shame and confusion. "Now," Mr. Richard said to him, "'you have got something to tell us and some thing to confess. Try to tell your story traight through if you can. You' had better beginat once. Milly, sit down and isten. Wev will all sit down." They did so, leaving the unfortunate msan standing before them just like a cul ?rit schoolboy. "' I s'poso I must begin somewheres," he said feebly. Wihen this man was a clerk in the City ie used not to say" somewheres," but "somewhere." -He had lost, amonig thler things, the art of speaking cor. rectly, and now spoke as his companions for so manyyears 'habitually spoke. It s terrifying to think that any one of us, under similar conditions, would probably oxpoerience the same losses, and come, in time, to speak like a Cockney coster or a Dalifornian rough. In spiteof the respectable clothes he wore-Milly herself now perceived with wonder that they were borrowed plumes -the poor man had so dejected and hang-dog alook that one fele sorry for him. But by this time ahoel quite under stood tbhabt something more unexpected oven thitan her own wedding was to happen, and now she connected this wallk. ing mystery in George's tweeds with the un expected, than which, as we know, nothing is nmoro certain. "When I went away," this mysterious person began slowly, and as if feeling for his facts, "I thoughlt, being a fool and in oxperienced, that if you wanted money all you had to do was to go to America, whore you would be sqre to find it. Every body, 1 thought, got rich in the States. It was 'only the trouble of going thoro and pielkin' up the dollars. Lord i what a fool I was i Don't none of you believe it. America's the biggest fraud out. If anybodygets richit'sthle Americans themiselves. You've got to work there harder tlian at home. If there'sany easy places they're grabbed by the natives. Look at me. I gave up three pound a week togo out and make a fortune. Did I ever get that three pound a weeook again 1 Did I ever get another easy place? Don't you think it." "Isn't this," asked Mr. Richard un feelingly, " rather a roundabout way of begirining ? " Copornica looked from Milly to the speaker, and back again. Strange, he was like Milly I "Thank you, sir," the man replied humbly. "I'm comin' round to what I want to say. Lemme go my own way, if you please. Though if your've a better way, tell me thait way, and I will go that way." "You shall go any . way you please," asdid George, "if only you get to the end' sonsehow." S" 2hank you, sir",'he replie, d" you are the only ian as has said a kind -word to me-for twenty years, and I'm .bound to please that man if I can "-he kept look ing at Milly furtively-" especially since he's husband of the little maid." Milly started.- "~ery well, then. :Hard berths I got, not easy at all." Sometimes it would be porter's work at a store.. Did I expect when I gave up a most gentle manly desk'to go rolling casks of treacle ? Did I-expct-to l loathe steaiim? ats with wood? Did Igo out there to do odd chores around, a day's work here, and another there, with a spade and a hoe,.or a crowbar and a hammer? I've been. a navvy, on a railway; I've dug graves for a cemetery i I've cut wood and stacked it. All the hard jobs I had to do, while' the natives spread themselves out around the stoves and put up their feet. That's the way.they. reward a man who gives- up. three pound a week.to go out to them ; that's the kind of Fortune they let him make ; that's the kind of friend America is-a dollar and a hef a day and leave it if you don't like it; there's plenty ,of tramps on' the road will take it; that's what 1 gave up my 'berth for:; that's what, Matilda"'-Milly started-" my wife, Matilda, sent me out for-said I was bound tobe ambitious. Told me I oiight to soar." "George," said Milly quickly, " who is this man " F. " Wait a moment, dear. Go on, if you, can," he said to the speaker. " I sup pose 'we shall get to something in time. Patience, Milly dear." - "I know .who he is,".said Copernica, nodding her head. "'I am suire I know. He gave her away. ' Oh, I see now !" " Well,"- he continued, "at. first I thought this- was. only the beginning kind of a rough, hearty, free and ;easy welcome to .now comerse; presently I should get the hang of things, and then I should begin to nike that Fortune. ' By this time I was as ambitious as Matilda could ha' wished, because I wanted badly to got back that three pound a week with store clothes and a stove-pipe hat. Then, I concluded she'd be the least mite anxious about me, and so I wrote her a letter. And just to make her mind easy and to prevent her from- falling into one of her tempers, which she certainly would have done -if she'd knowni was just then rollin' molasses, tyin'.up sugar, hoavin' logs, and countin' candles, I just told her I was soarin', already to unex pected heights, and the dollars.comin' in wonderful.- No country, I .wrote, like America. She wrote back, by return post, that I was to send all the money home as fast as I made it.. I said 'twas all wanted for the big :business I was carrying on, and bounced the more be cause I saw she was -ashamed of- having thought me such a poor weak creature. The more I bounced the more she was ashamed, and kept a wantin' to come out and bring the little maid with her." "George," cried Milly again, " Who is this man?" But George 'made no reply. ' I know who he is," repeated Coper nica; ".Iam certain I-know. ' Matilda was in pink.' Oh, I know." "When a man begins -to lie it seems kind of impossible to go back on himself ; so I kept it up, and when Matilda died, I carried on the same tale -with the little maid, who 1 can't believe to be grown up so tall and handsome, and married before my very eyes." " George," cried Milly for the' third time, and springing to her feet, "tell me, who is he ?" "My dear, he is your father-not the other man at all. This is your, father." " Yes, my dear," the man repeated humbly, "your father, and you are the little maid asI've written so many letters to, and told so many lies about the glorious Fortune." "I said I knew," Copernica murmured. ":Her father; - but" I wonder who the other is-you can't have'two fatherss ?" " "My father !" - A month before Milly would have. jumped into his arms first, and remarked his hang-dog look and poverty stricken appearance afterwards. But "I suppose there is only a limited amount of what may be called the im pulse of affection in the human heart. At all events, her own did not leap up at all, nor did she show any signs of joy,but held her husband's hand more tightly, looking at this colossal American failure, the, man who had been twenty years wriggling at the lowest depths, and could never wriggle any higher, and she re peated with more wonder than joy-- 'My father !" "I am, indeed," he said. "I would have liked to come home in silks and ;atins and gold rings, but I never had any luck. I would have sent the little naid all the money she could wish if I'd hald it; but I hadn't got any to send." "George," cried Milly, " if this is my father, who is-the other ?" "The other," my dear, is a - what you shall presently learn." "But-but I have kissed him, and I was going away with him-" "You were," replied -Mr. Richard, who, to his honor be it said, had been witnessing the proceedings with more .han professional inferest, though the norning's work would certainly be charged in the bill. "If it had not een for this discovery you would have gone with him. Fortunately we are in timo to save not only you from this manger, but also your fortune from de; :truction." "He must be a rogue and a cheat," Copernica said in a low voice. "Then all he told us and all hle promised us were ies. O-h h But I knew who this one vas directly he began to speak. And his is what we were to learn this norning. And George knew it yester " Mly darling,'l said George, takling his a vife's hind, "you understand now why I wanted to marry you at once. If it rains athers they cannot harm you now or take you from me. As for this one I think he will not try to harm you. He is very dilferent from the other. To begin with, I ho quite underatands"-George shook his eft forefinger in the direction of the man s if hlie were a lecturer in a show and pronouncing a discourse upon a giant, dwarf, or a monster - "he luite understands that, after the ife he has led the way he :ame home, the habits-the habits, I say t the stranger groaned and nodded gloom ly) he has contracted, the companions he has been among, the very language he Ias learned, and-and-and everything, t can no longer be considered reasonable .hat you either owe him any obedience or hat he has any claim upon your affec .ion. Besides, he has practised a most i cruel and heartless deception upon you." Irhe returned fortune hunter shook his hend in the deepest self-reproach. The nest he can ask of you will be your for givoness. As for staying on here, that of course is out of the question " "Quite," said Johnny. "Oh, quite; know it." " He has been among rough and com non people so long that hlie would feel unhappy in a respectable English house." "That is so," said Johnny. " He has got, he tells me, a very cOm ortable clearing out in the Western tates somewhere, with a house upon it, ind-and, I suppose, what is wanted to ive comfortably." . "Don't forget there's a whisky bottle,". :aid Johnny, not boastfully, but as one who .wishes to make a completely clean breast. - "You see," George went on, that one act illusurating the manner-and customs I of the man, without need of further reve ations, " he has a whiskey- bottle." S"When you've got that," said Johnny, : you don't want anything else," again, lot boastfully or ostentatiously, but noaning to deliver himself of his own sontiments, and show himself to his laughter, in one full confession, the man ihe really was. " Oh, good gracious i " said Copernica; : nothineg el i " " So that,". Geoirge continued, "he has agreed and promised me, in point of fact, to go away at once-this very day - and get back to his cabin and his clearing in Oregon, as fast as he can. I do not think he can get away much farther from us than Oregon, which is on the other side of the Rooky Mountains. And when he is really back again in his own clear ing; we shall be very glad to hear from' him-occasionally." But Milly's heart softened. "If you are really my father,"L she said, holding out both her hands,- "whlo used to write me such loving letters, you should have something more to say. tomrhe now, but farewell? "' He then. took her hand, and .then' timidly bent and kissed her forehead.,. !' My pretty,.. he miurniured, .'.ini' not fit to be your father. I doubt whaetlie you ought, to ha'.;:let me, ,kissed , yqu. I'm only what :.yourhusband says I1 aRP But I meant well:. I'did. indeed. Aipdi they were a great comfort to:; mel-them letters. .. . : He said no morei; blt his eyes-those; foolish, helpless, and wandering, eyes filled' with tears 'and ran over. Tl~is nritural emotion wasi sufficient ,excusesto' his .daughter for'; his shamibliiigL spech' 'and ungrammatical expressions.'? "Whhn had 'the other- man shown: the least oimotion '? ' ' Milly," ,,said Oopernica in hder' 4uickl 'way,"',I suppose you will, come. home with me;if it,is,only to' breaklthe news ;and ,help unpack2/the maps again. ,Hbow my., poor father will ever. get over it; I. don't know. IMother will, be pleased,! I think..' She. never greatly took the plan, and: I think" she'll be: pleased to stay. But there, mother, you see, doesn't much believe 'in niy father's wonderful die. coveries. As for,,the boys,- they must just stay where they are-poor fellows I Well;- I should' be' sorry-to think that poor Tycho was going out to roll molasses tubs, and Kepler to' load 'up' 'a steamboat with wood. As4ito the people," she added vindictively, turning her glasses full on the people referred to, " who go abroad and come home again without the coinmon decency of being :rich"-the rettired pauper blushed-' "all 1 can say is' that they're quite as bad"' as other people'who come home and pretend to have colleges, and not half so pleasrnt, while they last. What,". she' snapped, at him so fiercely thathe'jnmped, "what did you go away at all for, then " ." ' . (To ibe cotinltd.) IT appears that the Roman bridal wreath was ofrverbena, plucked by the bride hbr self. " Holly wreaths were sent as tokens, of congratilations,' and' wreaths of parsley and rue were given under a belief that they were effectual preservatives against evil spirits. The hawthorn was the floier which formed the wreath of Athenian' brides. At the present day, in our own country, the bridal-wreath is almost en tirely composed of orange blossoms, on a background of maidenhair fern, a sprig her' and there of stephanotis blending its exquisite fragrance.' Much uncertainity exists as to why this blossom has beeniso much worn by .brides, but the general opinion seems to be that it was adopted as an emblem of fruitfulness. According to a correspondent of Notes and Queries, the practice 'has been derived from the Saracens, amongst whom the orange blossom was regarded as a symbol of a pros perous marriage, a circumstance which, is partly to be accounted 'for by the fact that, in the East, the orange tree bears ripe fruit and blossoms at the same time.' It has also been suggested that this flower was introduced' into our wedding custopns' by French milliners, having been selected for its beauty rather than for any sym bolical reason.-CGasiells. An aged Hebrew went to the opEra the other evening to witness "Les Huguenots." Suddenly he burst into a guffaw, as if. an idea had struck him. " Why doyou laugh?" inquiredhis Gentile companion. " Laugh! the bgthgame I everthaw. Abloomin'.lot o' Prothethanthan an Catholict a- killingof eachother to music ivritten by a Jew. Ha I ha l" In the course of alterations 'which were recently being .made in a building at Sunderland, it was found necessary to oe move a flight of stairs. A person who hap pened to pass tlirough the roomjust after the stairs had been removed was thus accosted by a workman: "A, say mister, when thli opens that door, mind thoo dissent faall doon the stairs, 'cas thor's nyon thor." One Sunday, as acertain Scottish minister was retuning homewards he was accosted by an old woman, who said, • "Oh sir, well do I like the day when you preach!" The minister was aware that he was not very popular, and 'ho answered, " My good woman, I am glad to hear it! There are too few like you, And why do you like when I preach P" "Oh, sir, " she .replied, "when you preacl r'always get a goodlseat!" "Now Children," she continued, "what is the nical you eat in the morning called ?" " Oatmeal," promptly replied a member of the class. "And what is this animal called?" asked the teacher of the class in natural history, as he pointed to the picture of a sloth. And the 'class all shouted at once, "A messenger boy !" "Have you confidence in me for a sovereign?" asked a fellow-journalist of Douglas Jorrold, when Mrs. Caudle was still in embryo. "I have all the confidence, but I haven't the sbvereign." was the reply. If you want athing well done, do it your self; therefore always laugh at your own jokes. Never doubt a musician's word when he says hlie cannot play. Ten chances to one he cannot. If there is any good in a man it is bound to come out; but it should not come out all at once and leave the man empty. Society is composed of two great classes -those who have more oppetite than dinner and those who have more dinner than appe tite. " What would our wives say if the lmniew where we re ?P" said the captain of a schlooner, wlhen they were beating about in a thick fog, fearful of going ashore. "Hunih I should'nt mind that, " 'replied the mate, "if we only know where we were ourselves." A wit will have his joke even at the ex pense of his gallantry. It was Lord Hough ton who, when a lady, more beautifiul in her own eyes than in those of the world, was boasting that she had had hundreds of men at her feoot, remarked in a undertone, " Chiropodists." The French speak in the nose, the Ger mans in the throat, andthe English through the teeooth, either of which is more agreeable than spcnaking throgh the tolephsnoe . 