I - THE CONTRIBUTOR. I '"MOTES yOW AND THEN. Br J. I f EARLY MELBOURNE The ieff me the pleasantest ot memo flonntry ate seldom that they never g They come bo se go ^ ^ ^ eye 5 tlieelfplSon9 wheAmy soul goes out been to me Be^s°"ionate intensity, to com 5^n-f Te m? eryand beautyV nature mane with the mi1 ^arofthe city is around ^metime9,\vhe» tl flence by BUminon. ,,liere l,iere aune jug irom r t»met .1 m rout tlie brood of aires, " Sound to rou ^ jn m0niingdew. Tlic s« eep 0 J n(1 Uie garden flew ' JjtumUcd half the mellowing peam. ^ . " A'nd ^^ingaukle ^cp * flowej*, ^mlk ihatb'ibblod in thepa« »3l buzzing of the honeyed hours. .]] lam a child of the city, and M Snk of a time when its gaslights, jcaunottuni murmur3 aud crowded al,if;Cfeno"been as familiar to me as a 6trce(a have' T)]u3 i(. )3j t BUppose, that I imagine myself a permanent can,1"e in tl e S>untry. Voo cannot stay d* / ti e woods and fields with any profit Pleasure unless you go to bed earlyand orr ?MHhe«un,andasl am a night-bird, r:se W'th tue. would be a burden too th- to be borne. I have repeatedly p uliobean early riser, but always 111 gjnjgglidI to ](,ate for castIng my lot in tiie to^D, where early hours don't matter '""i'nJt Saturday morning, for instance, I was Last T ;ul(j jt j3 with pain 1 record J? Store luncheon hour I had an idea that .1? tn be at least 4 m the afternoon, and !!:;& a p'le, haggard wretch who lok gloomy views of things and felt pre Irplv a'ed. !<ut it was with a plow of S merit, and with brisk elastic steps, Xtl went abroad into the morning air- tbe ?net mm un in our street And it was limilitle'ss under the influence of the self Station thus induced that I conceived the S of writing a series of papers de ceptive of some of the phases of Melbourne street lite. I .am aware that the richer and fuller life of other cities has ten described by more brilliant pens than Se and the task 1 have set myself is per haps one quite beyond my powers but it is at least a congenial one, aud the results achieved may not be without interest or instruction to ut readers. lieel it is early Melbourne as I pass city ward along the eastern boundary of the ceme tcry, for the street lamps are still alight, and Mink feebly in the morning air like night re vellers surnrised by the dawn or ghosts which ' vl tarried after cock-crow. The morning " stormy and pale, No Ell 11, noelotiil, but a wamiish tflaro In fold upon fold of a hiicleaa cloud, Aral the budded |ieaks of the wood are bow'd Ouujlit and cuffed by the gale." The north wind drives the dust before it in; tierce gusts, and it moves through the cemc-i tery tree-tops with the sound of the surf on a rock-bound coast But the dead within the pale sleep their unbroken sleep, and the white tombstones speak of a world which has no tinsliip with the morivng of this earth, or the throbbings of its restless life. _ Here and there 1 encounter workmen with billies ind breakfasts tied up in handkerchiefs, one or two of the more youthful wearing flannel cricketing trousers, and sug gesting Saturday half-holiday engagements. A solitary policcman stands at a street corner and whiles away the time till the "relief is dee by cultivating friendly relations with a vajrant dog. Now and again a milk-cart dashes past in the state of hurry which seems chronic witli 6uch vehicles. I pass a Servant-girl with dishevelled locks sweeping 1 verandah,'and yawning as if she were only kali awake, and a trim old dame with trowel w hand tending her little front plot of pinks tad pelargoniums. It strikes C when I »ss ltcilly-street, and 1 notice that the pub lic-houses are already open. A sweep, with Brashes perched on shoulder, is drinking 4 one bar, and a poor little barefooted girl is coming oat of the place with some rum in a j&edicine; bottle. At the news agent's the toysare playing cricket in the middle of the sreet, the wickets being a kerosene tin, and Hie bat a piece of batten. They seem nappy «ora this morning, but I think of the bitter W? winter time, when the hoar frost lies tnite on grass and roof, and the youthful Pgueof chilblained hands and feet is at its J®st,and I wish they were Btill in bed. Pre SK 1 1}ews-carts drive up, laden with .jwiies ot the morning and weekly papers, u, T one. °f them is perched my friend ZZ? w';o has been at work since 4 last IiXv seems rather tired and jaded. u2g^tosaylhat 'ie appears to doubt my bL^»u't FUl?K UP to do "Early Mel UenT'i j* evidently thinks I have not Somm 5* fl- . Ca,JS pass me laden with md TcfTrr,"S empty bags and baskets, tiirifir im ne^r *he $a°l I have to avoid UtoM S?seJ!lvC8 Pfsuing empty perambu fihssnA e.trearaof tendency' of both ia towards theQueeu loAdS^-!? ^ ictoria-street, and, as I Hat the Si ue hdl towards Hothom, I notice '8 black with busy traffic. Wme.' Tim ltself U 18 still "early Mel Ion havB 1 P^ements, on which at noon arepmntl W.iyour, way through the tod thus it 80 conspicuous; iKSr£XiJS^BS; 3Z we even now inbilec of the Jonrhite mia i« 4 yeBrs a80and A,u.8trft,ia Felix-and the jfocej wherp t^bK I118 ?Ky *n the solitary ^HwrTe^ft?6!8^^ 8treets now stand, ^teffi3drock8p?ke800th when he L^Jor Were it not won Wt4e walAW^ ®rplieufl or Ainphion dif* lyre' vif ,1^ the mere sound 2Sf o£ Weiaaninti me' wbo these Stone rocks tn ii ' sunuaomng the gfinhruch TCA8 to dance along from the ^onic piiS ^Pe themselves into Doric disturbed by the Sgfe,<5,4xSf®«'WW'Si; .°tt aud Collins streeta. before ^l.£nwhad an?^her week's journey ffii site sasrsr. ;s«? e^sSr-i»T may nave in the long ages to come vet tn hi^i^ ^ tyranny over the inferior races of his animal brethren. A race of bcinca mav tooth eflVniV^ by ibe 8?tvival of the strongest tooth and claw to whom we, desnite our S?y m thi.0 «h k-8peare' may be M neces ^as the aheep is to us, and for the same fmy way down Swanston-street, I and^tir a ^® w- efc n ?^lie of much life f"r.v® lr; A thick fringe of fishmongers' and mZaZSTS aU£, <**tTnKers' barrows S j . A1,e PubIic-house at the £2T UBt ^'ng a, g0od trade> and busi fhA !h 1 nt the coffee-stall opposite nS»i . mSrgu.e- ^Vithin the market «A^iJn<r n61gn ' e auctioneers were ?n iiff m?e Yarea at the Bame time, and m the Bame loud tones. Most auctioneers a ® ,.n ? hurry, but these gentlemen were much ahead of the average Bpeed, and they SJi, 1 '? at per,fect.d,eli»um of celerity. I was too late for the fish Bales, and the only trace Snfri I?-?8))111 t le heaps lying in a corner iuhlch > 1? purchases of the Chinamen «,ol ir subdivided. The speedy auctioneers were selhngrabbits, and tliey appeared to me to be disposing of them in thousands. There were hooded carts filled with them,,they were packed in baskets, they were stowed in boxes and hampers. There were black rabbits and grey, rabbits small as -kittertB, and rabbits ,lW «» large as hares. The air ttas dark with them as they were Hung down with a dull thud on the boards at the foot of the auctioneers rostra, and they seemed to have in their death the same fatal inexhaustibility which distinguished them when living. They were,, so'd in lots of half-a-dozen pairs, o «,u Pr,cea rea'i6cd varied from Is. 6d. to , .* he crowd around the rostra was noisy, but good-humoured. There were the usual bits of rough horse-play, as shown in tipping the hat over one man's eyes, and getting him to blame the quiet man next him. The wit of the place wasa little fatman,aud his bright est stroke of humour was thus stigmatising .. j**8,0" who had jostled him as he passeS \- Look 'ere. 'Ere's the cove that stole the rabbits from his pardner, and swore it was Ins granny." It is about a Quarter to 7 o'clock now, and passengers with rugs and great coats over their arms are hurrying to the Prince's bridge station to catch the early trains for Sale and Frankston; cab-loads of luggage are deposited on the pavement, and the gun cases and fishing-rods bring back to me the pleasant trip I had down the lakes a couple of years ago. The Hobson's Hay station is a solitary place, and the solitary porter awakes hollow echoes as hf slowly paces down the platform. J lie Richmond train isleaving, butonly abouta dozen second-clnss passengers are in it, three of them being girls laden with (lowers and fruit purchased at the Queen Victoria Market. \\\ hen it leaves quiet again settles over the place, and the bars of the popular tune which the porter whistles softly come to me with startling distinctness. "Presently the Brighton train is due, but it also bears few passengers, and I again notice that the first-class carriages are nearly empty. The bulk of the people who come towards me appear to be storeuien or shopmen, and the few young women among them have the air of waitresses. The wharves are deserted, and at the Falls-bridge the seagulls are circling lazily in wide graceful sweeps, as if they were sailingover the sand hummocks of the Ninety mile Beach. Down at the customs sheds, however, the rival Geelong boats are aetir getting in cargo. The operations at one of the vessels are superin tended by a shaggy little Scotch terrier, who objects to me as a landsman, and keeps nagging at my heels till I beat an igno minious retreat. Groups of stalwart men are hanging round the wharf boarding-houses, but the shops with the mysterious slop clothing, the vivid handkerchiefs and neck ties, the pocket telescopes and accordeons, and other nondescript gear so dear to seamen, are still closed. Over one shop door and across its shatters are printed "Old Fluflfem," and I think of old Krook, the marine store dealer in Bleak House. The huge pile of buildings in Market square is tenantless, Queen-street and William- street are ejill asleep, it is stiJl early Melbourne in Collins - street, and the woman who is dusting the oflice mats against a lamp-post, and the man who is taking down the shutters at a stationer's, are quite striking features of the scene. It is half-past 7 now, and Bourke street is awaking. The coffee- stall men are cleaning ap and preparing to strike their encampments, here and there a shop is open. In the sixpenny restaurants a few men are eating an early breakfast, and the pavements, which an hour ago were blank and white under the grey morning sky, are getting dotted with the growing foot traffic. But the arcades still give no signs of life, and though it is Saturday morning the Eastern Market is still half asleep, and the people who have opened their stalls are rubbing their oranges and polishing their apples in the leisurely way of those to whom time is no object I pass down Little Bourkc-street and find groups of China men smoking at their doors, and a barefooted one coming out of a carpenter's shop'carry ing a table, and a woman who would be pretty but for the livid mark of an old knife-wound over her cheek bone and nose, nursing a chubby half-castc child, and two drunken Europeans at a public house corner sparring at and hugging each other in a maudlin, helpless way. As 1 emerge into Klizabcth-street the Post-oflice clock strikes 8, and the life of the city is quickening. About half of the shops are now open, the omnibuses and cabs are bringing into the city its toilers by hundreds, and the streets resound with the hurrying feet of other hundreds. The smoke of the factory chimneys is making the dark grey morning still darker, and as I listen at St. Francis s I found that there is already in the air, feeble yet, but waxing stronger every minute, the dull roar of the city life which is so familiar to me. I notice a few women pass into the chapel, and I uncover my head and look in. A few bowed heads, and, by the dim altar lights, a priest Baying puma, and the silence of the place but little broken by his low tones. As I turn out of the chapel-yard I think, by contrast, of the lost woman with the livid knife- cut across her cheek, and I feel Badly what little affinity or kinship I have with the spirit which fills the worshippers within. " For what mfcn hotter than eheep or goats, . That nourish a blind life wltWn the bratn, If. knowing God, they lilt not hinde of praypr , Both for themselves and those who call tlicm friends." The Queen Victoria Market i3 the inheritor of; the bustle and life of the old Paddy a Market I .of Bourke-street, and its roomy aisles were filled with the busy crowd ot buyers and eel- i lera. There was nothing special about the crowd or the merchandise, for there were the same piles of cabbages and potatoes, the same boxes of cherries and strawberries, the same rows of fragrant pot plants and gay bouquets, the same sun-browned men and boys with wide-brimmed felt hats as Bellers, and the same matrons with perambulators and girls carrying babies, and boys watching same of the candles oi purchases while the mother is collecting the others. There were the same stands of strong cheese and brown bacon, and the same trays laden with cheap drapery and perfumery, and the same old man standing over the same collection of old tools and broken locks and rasty chains. I again see the old gronp of children gloating over the the lolly stands, and the Bame youth ful Sybarite consuming, with the old relish, the ]>enny plate of hot peas. After I have inspected the market 1 feel that my morning's work is done, for it is 9 o'clock, and it is now no longer "early Mel bourne." I feel tired and hungry, and as I pass a brick building fronting the eastern side of the market, 1 am arrested by a sweet savour, and I turn into a place of refreshment, much affected by the traiiickers. I notice that all eat with their hats on, and when the young woman brings me a three-pronged iron fork, and an iron knife with the point broken off, and a dirty little boy hands me a cup of sonic thing, regarding which even now I cannot determine Whether it was tea or cofl'ee, I feci that I am not half so hungry as I thought. So, when some fried sausages are laid before me, 1 toy with them in a half-hearted way, and wonder when the table-cloth was washed last, and regret the days when I was poorer and less fastidious, and when I enjoyed a sixpenny dinner with the gusto of youth ana flavoured by the prince of sauces hunger. ? Elizabeth-street is filled with the ordinary day's traffic; and so are lionrkeand Swanston .streets ; and Collins-street has shook off its slumbers, and at the station the firet-class carriages are crowded ; and the wharves are covered with busy workers, and the early Melbourne of this day has now become^ as much a thing of the past as yesterday. Yes, the day has come, and the river of life is again tlowing full and strong. As I stand at the head of the slope which leads up to the Sandridge ticket-window, I look up Eliza beth-street and watch The great humanity which beits _ Its life along the Btony streets, Like a strong and unsunnwJ'rivcr, In a self-made course. - . .. J I stand and hearken, while it jrtlls r Very sad and very house Certei is the Bow of Btrala. lnfinitesttendendes ??- ? By the finite prest and pfcift, In the finite turbulent 