diuw.g « p/xTir.irie' r - n i" " f. ' ."."f «i "t > idle t-riJ !!BfeN«wakMMCB.'J .-. >.<i i. -:/ »<SOf byiaJ ,o».w7l .' >.» VjO OoliBidsriog tbei littibedim allowBdlor the Rwakpnisg ' of public interest inthe Dadies' Abe'i mating at ; Oaalfield oa Sator . dey aia - wHtflerfmlY aocfeBstal, abd ttiMin|he?8Atten5brahe:WM7SomeB&BEt; leer, than was" anticipated, Mr. Bond hseievery reason to fell saUsfiuJ with , the resale. M«fsBs m b% ijaprfi;i»(MM am- ' i»Brf«Sl3kvtsldJjb Fife Jllsrawi i(pr lA 530?e?€fl8y win bm\ eWDmrifeWBslW. 0l3fijg»ve. m pppe kwnre tp watchi uqm>l#l <1 thought, tlubcM NtM pne ol: them was r not doiog his "level beat" and .fezji /to he hoped f lhal hi the T Victoria faooiilowed Gilderoy to keep with him for a part of the journey, it was obvious that he cnald have Lft him when he liked. Everybody was glad IP hail the success of The Ghost, who was pot io excellent condition, and was jdden most artistically by yoong Wilhama. he iiaish hetween Rtanipede and Ficki8 iq he 0 pen Steepledia8e was well-worth seeing, apd inngh the latter wos tha first to enter t)ift gtoii, and , M'Leod polled him out to ootnpsl Stampede to go as far round as poe- tuhle, . , .the Panio horee cams with the amenees nt the .family, and gained the ; victory by a neck. An un fortunate accident happened in the Rich- mond Handicap through. Duenna ranning Into the rails ax the turn and falling, causing T .aqVfa to fall over her. O'Brien, who roue the former .fortunately escaped unhurt, but Burton, the rider of liesbia, received a very hard fall, and was t&ken; to the Alfred Hos pital, where he is at present an inmate, and though he is not progressing favourably, be has passed through a very critical stage, as it was feared that it would be necessary to per form the operation of trepanning on him. _ Owners and trainers who intend trying their luck st Elsternwick Park on Saturday weak are. reminded that nomina tions for the Victorian Trotting Clab Meeting will be due with Mr. H&ydoni; the secretary, on Monday neat, the 30th iust., aud as the programme is a fairly liberal one, there should be a numerous entry for the different events. Capital entries have been received for the meeting tp be run at Moonee Valley on Tuesday next. The Maiden. Plate has the large held of -nineteen engaged, the June Handicap, sweaty -five; Steeplechase, four teen ; Selling Race, fourteen ; while fiwensy- two. capable horses have been nominated for the Goronation Handicap. Those having horaee engaged in the Mel bourne Cup will he relievea of a considerable amount of their anxiety on Monday next, when Mr. Barnard will post the weights for the Melbourne Cup. On the same day the handicaps for the V.B.C. winter meeting will also be issued, so . that students of the turf will have a busy time of it next week. Simultaneous with the publication of the weights tor the Melbourne Cup, Mr. Scarr will make known his adjustment for the Ha wkesbury Handicap and County Purse. As' the birthday of the Panes of Wales falls ona Sunday this year, the Willi arast own Racing .CIub has choeen Monday, the 10th November, for the date of its next meeting. The authorities at Elsternwjck Park notify by advertisement, that , only those bookmakers iioensed by the V.R.C. will be permitted to ply their vocation in the saddling paddock or .reserves of that club. The union of Hermit with Stockwell mares always produces a successful result, the latest instance being that, of Lord Csdogan's filly Lonely, whdlwon the ; Breeders' Plate at the Newmarket second spring meeting. Grecian Bride, another daughter of Hermit, was second. ; , After the Steeplechase at Caul field on Saturday, Batty, the jockey,. , purchased Deceiver, the price stated being 150. He is a useful sort of a horee, and no doubt would ; have made £ better display !had be not struck the fenfeejppposite . the stand very heavily. . . An appeal over the betting action of Reed v. Anderson. which was tried, as far- back as lthf!:l$oVemb,.'X.<»me before the Mas ter cif ;|he Rolls and Lord Justices of Appeal in November fast. Particulars of the base' appeared in the. Ttfcekly Times last year ; but; pethaps. It would be ad well -to again tefresh . the minds of my readers. The pripoipalB concerned were a turf com mission agent, named -Reed, a member of Tattersall's Subsoript ion-rooms, and J. An derson, a sporting publican, of good finan cial standing, engaged in basihess at Sonch Shields. The evidence went to show that the plaintiff, according to custom, had beep in the habit of backing horses for the defendant, and receiving and paying bets for him. At Ascot Meeting, in June, C1881, the defendant telegraphed to Reed to the following effect;-—" Put me 50 on Limestone, ; first race ; -pony all Archer's mounts, 50 Sword Dance, 100 Elf King, Workingham ; 100" Red-Rag Filly Castle Stakes. Reply." Reed asserted that he did not receive the7 telegram until after the race ha J been ran in wbieh Anderson bad asked him to took Limestone, bat he carried out the instructions witH "regard to the other horses, but riotie of them won. Reed telegraphed Anderson the wagers he had made, but his message) was not received by the latter until niter toe races had been ran, and Anderson, believing that be was being " got at," de clined to acknowledge his liability. The case was : tried before Judge Hawkins, who gave a verdict in favour bf Reed. ;As already stated, Anderson appealed against this de cision, and his Honour reserved judgment. It will be interesting to learn Whether the contention of Jndge Hawkins'wili be Upheld. From the Sporting Life I observe that Jonesand Fitiny, two celebrated swimmers, met ht Leeds hist month for the quarter of a mile championship of England. The wager - log at the start was '7 to 4 on Jones, who 800 drew a way, and though Finny struggled hard, he conid not get oh terms with his opponent, who won easily by 30 yards. The American trotting gelding Oliver has been told to go to New Zealand, and if ho can to 'induced to settle down -to his work, he should be able to hold his own in Maori- land'.-'- ' GalopinSs eon, St. Simon, most be a pretty good colt, for- 1 see from bar English files that he recently defeated the champior, Tristan, over thelast half bf tbe Geearewitcfa Slakes last month at Newinarktt. The distance is slightly over ode mile and a furlong, and the winner Carried; Sat. to Triatan's 8si. 91b. s Iambic and Credo were pat in by tb - owners of -the contending pair, the Dake of Portland and Mr.'D. J. Leferi'e, to make pace, but their; mission wai a ho; d ss one; Both Were dobe with after gblng a quarter of a mile, and at Bimon took tbe lead ; gradually increasiDg his advantage, he rfin home a winner by half- : a-doeen tongths. - » - A French obrtespondent of Truth sends the , following :'«In -alt' the accounts I have >sesn" in ;£he English sporting papers Of the French IT wo Thousand, run on Sunday last 4 in thoBois de B julongne, there has not been a word eaWnanoarning the reception Archer, the-rider of Archiduc,; met with as he passed thb p«id ma»y ie»gth« ! in Advance of the other horses. He was hissed, groaned, .whistled, and yelled at, had tufts of grass thrown at him, and was followed by a mob, I four or five of which shook lsrge sticks at bim, far no earthly reason except, perhaps, i because he was clever enough joi i twenty lengths start, and mostwisei y p f it. Many things connected with the race ! been reported, but, somehow, this eeuliar | item has not " t„«,m Tt The American sportsman, Mr. Ja®e « ! Keenb (owner of Foxhall, etc. , one of the most i prominent members on the New xor I ohange). has publicly announced his intention ! to suspend, pro tern , farther payment in order ! to protect bi6 creditors, this action having I been necessitated through the falling of c ! etock market. It is stated that, in order to keep up margins, be bad deP0Slt!dJ S1 oonrse of a few weeks no lees than 2,uuu,uw dollars. , . The jockey, George Burton who met witq an accident when riding Lesbia in the last race of the day at Caulfield, on Saturday, was more "iseriously injured than was ex pected. The animal, it will be remembered, fell, and it is probable that it rolled oyer hjnq, as he is suffering from internal injuries. Burton was taken to the Alfred Hospital, where, up to a late hour last night, he is reported to be progressing favourably, but it is improbable that he will be seen in the saddle for some time. The London World states that the present Earl of Bantry, who used to race under the name of " Mr. Hare,"' has become a resident of New Zealand, having bought some land and built a house in Akaroa, Canterbury. _ _ A great deal of interest is being taken by " wheelmen" in the forthcoming champion ship race meeting, which is to take place on the Melbourne Gricket-ground, under the anspices of the Melbourne Cyclists' Union, on the 1st of next month. The programme of events is a varied and comprehensive one, including a race for the amateur champion ship of Victoria, a grand parade of clubs, etc. A large number of entries have been received, and some very fine contests are expected. In a billiard match of 1,000 op, played re cently at the Westminster Aquarium, between the celebrated players, Mitchell and Peall, the latter ,in three breaks, viz., 325 (106 spots), 289 (nineteen and seventy-four spots), and 274 (unfinished) (eighty six'spotp), totalled 8S8, and scared game, whilst Mitchell scored 26\. It was announced that the game only occupied 44 rain., but the accuracy of the time is doubted. The Bracelet Meeting being disposed of, the Victoria Amateur Turf Clab ha-! lost no time in putting forward the programme of the Grand National Meeting to be held at Caulfield on the 6th A&gust; next. The bill of fare is framed on the same liberal scale which has characterised the " gentlemen's club," and includes the Sapling Stakes, of 75 govs., for two -year -olds, three furlongs ; Handicap Hurdle Race, of 75 sovs., two miles ; Selling Race, of oO sovs , four furlongs ; and the Caulfield Grand National Steeplechase, of 200 sovs. added to a sweep stakes of 7 sovs., 40 sovs. to go to the second, and 20 sovs, to the third horse, about two miles and a half. The conoinding item will be the Balaclava Stakes, of 100 bovs., seven furlongs. Nominations will be due on the 28th July. Steadman, who for a long time has held the position of Champion wrestler of Eng land, was defeated recently by Lowden, a new aspirant for champion honours. Stead- man weighs about 18st, and his vanquisher, though yoanger, is almost as burly. Mr. W. H. Elwis, who attempted to commit suicide oq Monday, by shooting himself with a revolver, at one time held the position of secretary to the' Wilcannia Jockey Club. He is at present in the Melbourne Hospital, where he lies in a critical state. At the London Athletic Club meeting, held at Stamford Bridge grounds recently, Mr. W. G. George has again been catting record and beating himself. In a two-mile handicap, starting from scratch, he compassed lap after lap in beautiful style, and passing his opponents one by one, came home alone in 9min. 17aec. 2-5ths, beating his last essay two years ago by Siec. This feat was accom plished under conditions the reverse of favourable, as there was a strong wind blowing and the track was "dead," on account of the heavy rain which fell on the previous day, while the fact of his having to pass twenty- five runners renders the 'feat the more meritorious. Mr. George has only recently beaten the best record, amateur or professional, at ten miles, viz , 51min. 20aec., or 6sec. better than Deerfoot's time. The Bendigo Spring Meeting has been fixed for Wednesday and Thursday, the 26th and 27th November. Messrs. W. G. Yuille and Go. report having sold the hurdle race mare Musidora, to go to India. Uproarious, who was thought to be a good thing for the Richmond Handicap at Caul field on Saturdayby followers of the Williams- town stable, split his hoof during the race. The imported sire Scamp, lor whom Mr. John Lee only recently paid 1,500 guineas, unfortunately died a few days ago. Scamp was & fairly good psrformer in the old country, and, being a tolerably well-bred horse, he would doubtless have proved an acquisition to the stud of New South Wales. The Bairnsdale Winter Meeting has been fixed for Thursday, the 31st July. A neat little programme has been decided upon, which includes the Winter Handicap of 25 sovs., and a Handicap Hurdle Race of 20 sovs. Entries for the handicaps will be dne on 18th July. We have been shown by Messrs. Altson and Co'., the well-known saddlers, of Bourke street, an ingenious contrivance known as Minor's patent throat chain, for use in cart, van, omnibus, cab, and other harness. The invention takes the place of the lower hame strap, and being very - strong, is capable of standing any ordinary strain, while the tension caused -by the upper fcatne strap keeps the fastening secure. The main advantage, however, claimed for this new hame strap—or chain, rather— is that in case of a horse falling, the hames can imme diately be opened below, thus setting the animal at liberty before he has had time to rause any damage, or even injure himself in the struggle - that frequently ensues. This result is attained by means of a neatly placed " clip," fitting closely on the chain in use, but readily springing back when the necessary pressure is applied in openiog the hames. The chains are made in three different sizes, are light, yet strongly "cmSructed, and judging will doubtless become extensively uaea. The abovenamed firm have been appointed sole agents in Melbourne. 