Brave Waiting. Br the Ret. C. H. Speegeox. Wait on the Lord j be of good courage, end he shall strengthen thine heart j wait, I say, on the Lord.— ! Psalm axrii., 14. fContinwd from our last.) I have not yet exhausted the word 1 wait:' for we ought to wait upon God as a child waits upon its parent. Our children can seldom be • accused of having assail expectations with re ference to us. They havedesires and wants almost countless, and they always expect their parents readily to supply them, in which reckoning I have no doubt they hare been strongly con- i firmed . by their past experience. No* little I child thinks of providing for himself, nor does j he dream of directing his own coarse in life. Ton cannot get that little head to be thoughtful about to-morrow*s food; you $annot force that little heart to be anxious about the next suit of clothe*. To all suggested doubt the little lips yeply, *3£y father knows what I have need of, a~tui"l sxn sure he will give it to me.' Such is the restful life of a loving child, and this is' ^ be s^th us. It is my "FitWa to provide fop me: his name is Jchovah-S^- tJt H,m-V ^H3 hushlT to preserve m".- he gwu W m,gds chmU to keep » is my Father's bu,""15" future for me. I cau*0^. ^ e^en To-morrow, my eyes are v P1? - f. ^r knows all about what shall be',* ***** ,.W f ready for whatever shall hap'252? jhtrewTe would I wait-upon him, raise no q^iesfaons, and expect great mercies. Blessed are fbey "who are thus found waiting. And then, perhaps, I may add one thing more, we should wait on the Lord as a courier waits upon his prince. He that is at court, and seeks to rise in favour, waits upon his prime; with the desire to be employed^in the royal service, that he may prove his loyal zeaL He counts any sort of employment at court to be a great honour; he tells his friends, -and they accept it as a subject of con gratulation, that he has obtained such-and such work to do for the king. He de lights to increase the honour and dignity of his prince's court, ior he shares in it himself. Brethren, how carefully should you and I endear I vour to show forth the honour of our Lord ! Jesus among the sons of men, for has he not made us kings and priests, and should we not' c-xnlfc his glorious, name for ever? We should seek to ' make our Lord | Jesus famous to the world's end; our daily conversation, and our current character, our private and public behaviour should all tend to increase our Muster* s honour among the sons of men. We must be ready for any thing for Jesus, and 'everything for Jesus, counting that we ourselves are honoured by disgrace if we bring honour to him. Sir Walter Raleigh was wise in his generation when he took off liis richly embroidered cloak to spread it over a miry place, that Queen Elizabeth's feet might not be damped: the courtier knew how to smooth his own road by caring for his queen: and thus, with unselfish motives, out of pure reverence for our Lord, let us be willing to be made as the street .to be walked over if Jesus can thcrebybe honoured. Let us lay out for our Lord the best that we have, even to the character which is dear to us as life itself, if by so doing we may bring glory to the holy and blessed name of our Redeemer. Henceforth it is ours to live unto and die unto: the Lotd. We will wait on the Lord and keep ' hit* way, andynayliis grace enable us daily to say, ' I wait for .ihe Lord, my soul doth wait, :and in his word do I hope.' H. Secondly, Courage is i# bo maintained, •fjte of good courage/ Oar good J/rcd and Master ought not to be followed by. cowards. Be of good courago, you that wait'on tlie Lord. Have the courage of hope concerning the faith which you are exercising upon Christ. You aro just beginning, some of you, to believe in Jesus, aud you are afraid that lie will east you ; nwav, or fearful that you will not obtain full sal vation from"sin. X have already told you.to con tinue to knock at inercv*s door; do so, but be of good courage, for that door will certainly open to you. He that asketh receivetli, he thateeeketli iindcth, and to him that knockctli it sludl.be opened. Take licart, poor fainting one, tlie Lord hath' a tender eye towards mourning souls: he is very good to those . who seek him. Though thou be like poor trembling Mercy who fainted outside the door of the interpreter's house, yet thy Lord thinketh'upbn thee, and he says, 'Come in thou blessed of the Lord, wherefore standest thou withoutV He'will not suffer those to perish who humbly wait < him; the light of his countenance shall yet be I thine. Be of good courage, O seeker! Be, also, of .good courage you . who have I newly found him. Be bold to avow your faith. I Remember that tlie trust which you repose in Jesus is a justifiable one, and can be vindicated against all comers, therefore do not hide it. I hate to seo a Christian act like a rat behind a wainscot, who comes peeping out when every thing is still to sec if anybody is about, so that he may get his crumbs, but if there is half a sound of a foot anywhere away he slips and hides himself in his hole. Xay, if you belong to Christ, avow it. "What is there to he ashamed of ? To believe the truth—shall a man blush at thatr To follow infinite purity and holiness incarnate in Christ Jesus, is there anything to be ashamed of in that? Nay, rather let us wear our colours before the face of all men, and lift lugli our banner in all companies, for it is rather a cause for glorifying than for blushing that we are on tlie Lord's side. It is the best tiling about us, it is the greatest mercy we have ever received, why should wo conceal it? Wait on the Lord, be of good courage, and confess your faith before men, you that have newly been brought to Jesus. Then go further. Be-of good courage endeavouring to spread the faith which you have received. When you go to spade to others about the great salvation, be not afraid. If it be new work to you I dare say you will tremble, but still do it, and ask the Lord to give you greater confidence in proclaiming tlie tidings of "FTis grace. If you speak with infidels, be of good courage, though for a while you cannot lead them to believe. If you speak to those who are incensed against the truth, be of good courage: what harm can they do to you that shall be equal to the harm you will suffer by becoming a coward? Be of good courage, and undertake great things for Christ; do not expect a defeat, hut dare and venture all for Him. Do something more than you are able to do, expecting strength beyond your own to be afforded you, and it will. certainly come. 'Wait on tlie Lord: be of good cour age. and he shall strengthen thine heart.' Be of good courage, then, in the way of practical energy for the advancement of your Redeemer's cause. Be of good courage when you pray for others. Wait on the Lord about your children, and be of good courage and expect to see them saved. "Wait on the Lord about your servants, about your brothers and sisters, about your neighbours ; be of good courage about them, believe that God bears prayer and that your intercessions will bless those for whom you prav. Intercession lias great influence with God; it is no vain tiling to wait upon the Lord for the souls of others. Thousands now. in heaven owe their conversion to the prayers of the saints, and therefore plead with great cour age. Never cease to pray, and when you pray, pray not as though you spoke to a tyrant re luctant to hear, or to a forgetful God, who would fail to answer, but wait on liini with quiet confidence and you shall not come empty away. Be of good courage, too, a Up in making self sacrifices for the cause of Chrisi. If you lose a situation because you are honest, be of good courage, you will be no loser in the long-run. Are t&ero; some who despise you because you are a Christian? Be of good courage, their opinion is of very little worth, and in the judg ment oi angels and good men vou stand very hfvh. Arc you like Moses when he refund the treasures of Egypt, with all the honours of the court? Be of good courage, the Lord will give you, even in this life a recompense, and in the world to come life everlasting. If it should, come to losing all vou have for Jesus' fiuke, be of good courage, for he that loseth his life for Christ & sake shall find it, and he that bcconioth poor for the cause of Christ shall be rich ctcniailj. Be of good courage! Once again, if you are called to endure great affliction, sharp pain, frequent sickness; if business goes amiss, if riches take to them selves wings aud.Jlyaway, if friends forsake you and foes surround you, bcof good courage, for the God upon whom you wait ".rill not forsake you. Never let it be said that a soldier of the cross flinched in the day of battle. Bear your Father's will, glad to have such a Father's will to bear. If grace cannot enable us endure all that nature can heap upon us, what is grace worth? Now is the time, my dear brother, in tlie floods of adversity to seo whether your faith is real faith or not. Jlere sunshine faith is not worth tlie having; we want that which will ojit liye the most terrible storm that over beclouded tlie heavens. Wait on the Lord, he of good courage, though heart and tlesli should fail you. Though eves grow dill) ?nd the light of day, should be "quite shutout, though hearing should fail and the daughters of music be silent, though all the doors of the senses should lie closed, though tlie hearers of tlie body should totter and the keepers of the house should tremble, yea," though death itself should'remove this feeble body, yet there is no cause for fear, but we may exclaim with dying Jacob, ' I have waited for thy salvation, O Lord.' Let not your hearts he faquhlad, wuiton the Lord, and courage shall revive, ' III. Our third point is, that waiting upon God sustains courage. Beloved, if over you begin to grow wenTy in tlio good ways of God, wait upon him with doublo earnestness. You have heard of the famous giant whom Hercules could not kill, because the earth was his mother, ami oven- time Hercules dashed him dewu he obtained fresh strength by touching his parent, uud rose again to the fight;. "Wo are of like nature, and every time,we are driven I to our God; though we he dashed upon him by defeat, wo grow strong again, and our adver sary's attempt is foiled. Our foe will.novor sary's attempt destroy us unless he can separate us from the love of God which is in Christ Jesus our Lord, and that is impossible. Waiting upon God is the way to renew our strength until wc mount up with eagle's wings and leave the world below. In the first place, our heart is strengthened by waiting upon God, because we thus receive n'mysterlous strength through the incoming of the Eternal Spirit into our souls. No mnn can explain tliis, but many of us know what it is. We do notkno w ho w the Holy Ghost operates, but we are conscious that after a season of prayer we are often much refreshed, and feel as if wo had been ground young again. We have gone | in before the Lord haggard and worn, despond ing, and (shame upon us, we must add) ready to give up, turn tail, mid run away. Wo have not long drawn near to God before we bavefolt our spirit revive. Though our approach was mostly a groan, yet we did wait upon the Lord, and the Eternal strength cumc into us. How wonderfully do the secret springs of omnipot ence break into the feeble soul and fill it with might in the iimer man. Through the sacred anointing of the Holy Ghost wo have been made to shout for joy, we have been so glad in the Lord that we could not contain our joy. He that made us lias put his hand a second time to the work, and restored unto us the joy of his salvation, filled bur emptiness, removed our weakness, and triumphed in us gloriously. The poor harp which hud long been played upon could not at length yield music to its owner's hand; in vain the. bardic fingers roamed over tlie strings, the more heavily they were struck the more discordant were the sounds. The harp was takcu from the hall and laid aside in a quiet chamber, and there its Maker came to deal with it. He knew its frame, and understood the art of tuning it.: He put new strings in here and there, and set the rest aright, and the next time the harper laid his fingers among the strings pure music floated forth, and flooded the palace with melody. Where discord had peopled the air with evil sprites all was changed, and it seems as though angels leaped forth with silver .wings from every chord. Ay, go thou to thv God, poor soul, when thou art out of order; wait on the Lord, and he will strengthen thine heart by his mysterious power. Besides this, waiting upon the Lord has an effect upon tlie mind, which in the natural courseof thingstendstoetrengtlienourcourage; for waiting upon God makes men grow small, and dwarfs the world and all its affairs, till we see their real littleness. Poor David sat fret ting about the ungodly, as he saw them pros pering in their way, while as for himself he was plagued all the day and chastened every morn ing. Foolishly and ignorantly he complained of the Lord and questioned his justice, * until,' saithhc, * I went into the sanctuary of God, then understood I their end.' Set your great troubles before the infinite God, and they will dwarf' into such little tilings that you will never notice them again. He taketn up the isles as a very little tiling, and the nations are as a drop in the bucket; and this great God will teach you to look at eartlily things in the same light as he docs, till, though the whole world should be against you, you would smile at its rage, and though all tlie devils in hell should rise against you you would defy their fury. Our worst ills are'utterly despised when we learn to measure them by the line of the Eternal: thus you see that waiting upon God strengthens tlie heart by lessening the causes of fear. And then it inflames the heart with love. Nothing can give us greater courage than a sincere affection for our Lord and his work. Courage is sure to abound where love is fervent. Look among the mild and gentle creatures of the brute creation, and see now bold they are when once the}* become mothers and have to defend their offspring. A hen will, fight for her chicks, though at anothor time she is one of the most timid of birds. Mr. "White, in liis book on Selborne, tells of a raven that was hatching her young in a tree. Tlie wood man began to fell it, but there she sat; tho blows of tbe axe shook the tree, but she never moved, and when it fell she was still upon her nest. Love will make the most timid creature strong; and, oh, beloved, if you love Clirist you will defy all fear, and count all hazurds undergone for him to be your joy. In this sense, also, perfect love custoth out fear, it hopeth all things, cnduretli all tilings, nnd con tinues still to wait upon the Lord. To have more love we must moro continually wait upon the Lord, and this will mightily renew the strength of our heart. And, beloved, this waiting upon the Lord produces the effect of increasing our courago, because it gives us often a sight of the eternal reward, and if a man gcttcth a glimpse of the crown of glory, the crown of thorns will no more prick his temples. He that seeth what ho shall be in the day when Christ shall bo revealed, mourneth nQt because Qf what ho now is while he beareth the reproach of Christ. In fact,/waiting upon God makes us see that we are in fellowship .with Christ, and causes us to know flint the load we curry is n cross of which he always Wus the heaviest end: it lets us see that his heart is fdll of sensitive sympathy towards us, uud so it makes us suffer without complaining. Is it not sweet to sing Thus waiting upon the Lord pours power into | the central reservoir of our strength. The total number of medical students regis tered in Groat Britain during tho ninetoonyears I from 180.5 to 1883, lias been 26,098; of this I number England has furnished 48*2, Scotland 28* X, and Iceland 23* T per cent. 