and TY YEARS "HENCE A PASTORAL VISTA. ' I Pow men who have travelled the drought-stricke territory of New South Wales in this year, or whose practical experience enables them to realise or even to understand the descriptions published, believe that all the trouble is simply the result of squeezing by the iron hand of fate. Generally they will believe that a good deal of it need not be and looking to the future, if at all of a sanguine disposition, they will foresee a time when it will not be but do they ever try to reckon what changes must take place before the bulk of the misery will cease? The present things will pass away, but the great pastoral industry will mature as surely as the plant will grow out of his present party condition. And to what shape will it grow ? It is easy to foresee the future of the infant, we have been familiar with such a lot of them. It is tolerably easy to foresee the future of a Rising city. If brains, luck, and resources are all forthcoming we can, without much fear of error, prophesy about the future of the farmer and his farm ; but a station, a pastoral district, or a pastoral country, who has seen the maturity of either of them The steppes of Asia should have seen the limit of development attained, and probably they have of Tartar development. South. Africa has had a tolerably long period of the pastoral life, but it has been Dutch life. South America then; the Argentine Republic, Bolivia? Yes, but all in the hands of Spaniards or half- breeds. In Australia the Anglo Saxon first took this Oriental trade of wholesale stock keeping practically in hand, and worked in his own way and with his own appliances. Very marvellous results he has already achieved. Thirty years ago he was in much the same condition as the Boer of South Africa or the ranch owner of the Argentine. At what an inconceivable distances has he left them nowt Take a glance at a Hut-class station of Australia, with its huge fenced paddocks,, each controlled by a single man ; its sheepwash supplied with elaborate appliances of hot and cold water services, pressure boxes, and patent jets, races, crush pene, drying yards a hundred men may be at work, and 1000 fleeces entering grey and greasy at the one end, and emerging at the other white as snow; its woolshed, where a similar number of snowy fleeces paler day by day, and pass from the shearers' bonds to the tables, thence to the presses where, packed and dumped and hooped by steam or hydraulic power, they are prepared for easy transit to the railway hard by, and thence to the ships. Compare it all with anything that South Africa or North America or Asia has to show, and confess that in pastoral work, as in ironclad building or constitutional government, Anglo-Saxon dom is supreme. confess that we have done more in SO years than Asia in 3000 or than Africa is 100 or America in 300 years) and so justify yourself in predicting the possibility of the next half-century. But before proceeding to prophesy, halt for a painful present comparison. Imagine the drought which has already gripped hard enough to hold for another three months, till the season of shearing 'Upon the same magnificent station, and where then will be the use of all the appliances The boundary rider's hut will be empty for his horse like his stock will be dead. The crows will Uno fences and roofs about the sheepwash and woolshed. The squatter may roll beneath his verandah, looking out upon a dead garden and a dusty waste, striving to gain surcease of sorrow by whisky, holding on because he has nowhere to go, and it will not pay either bank or nor 'chair to put him out. A something is upon him for which he has never reckoned she is in the grip of a disaster against which he had provided no bulwarks. Despite all his "improve- ments," he is helpless as the Tartar, as the rancher, the Boer. Surely, then, it may be said that he has so far made a one-sided progress that in some directions the is woefully in [arrears that even if he calls a halt in one way, he must go ahead in another. Of What use are the; shed and the wash, the yards, the stores, the presses, when all the fleeces are wasting upon the rotting carcases out in the horrid howling wilderness ? He has laboured to make money so far, and for his pockets sake he must do now what humanity should have taught him to do long ago-plan to save life. And he will so plan. The lesson of this year, taken with the strong hints of previous seasons, will be something more than rods to fools' backs. The men who have been instrumental in forcing Australian wool into the first place in all the markets of the world will not see their sheep desiccating in debert paddocks without a strong effort for their saving, Genius and enterprise and capital will be turned into another channel, and the result will be-what? Can we venture on a forward slight ? Chu wo presto ivor BO vaguely the flf ty- years-henuo condition of that station we have been full of blossoms«ndhori/ago, grand wool, plenty and toys unless it Ihe^cod^soaBoii-of hunger and thirst, and want and waste and misery, in the bad ? Fifty years hence and to be rid of the blame of fore- telling evil things, lot of any in incarnation, not pro- press. many years hence and a bad season, and some man of the preBem who has endured a Hip-Van-Winkle Sleep awakes on a station midway between the Lachlan and the Dirrung, gets up and looks at the sun, already a tolerable height in the sky, and says outwardly or inwardly, " The Lord be praised, I have slept out the cold, but the man put the fire out I'll have a cold drink out of the billy, and make along till I cadge a pipe of tobacco." The rolls up his swag, picks up his billy, and travels. He is a chain or two off the road, he remember- that, and strikes right out for it. But what is wrong ? Here is a level track, concrete, or asphalt, or wooden block, or something smooth as a billiuru-board. " The old man will surely give me a night's camp," says he, when he can make a buggy-track like that. And what is this Squatters are getting flash now with waterworks on their runs and, sheep mo 1 never a railway !" Yes, a railway or a tramway runs along the centre of the narrow paved way, at whose outer edge is a deep water channel, along which course a rapid stream. " Suppose I'll «.0 a herd of elephants or a theatre on the plum ; but this is good walking ; couldn't easy kill a day with five miles over this. Just like them, always putting it 03 to a travelling cove." So onward. The notes that the ridges are bare of feed that the leaves turned edgewise to the sun have a drier look than is usual, He sees no horseman approaching, he hears no croak of crow over dying shop, two pulls along to the dip of the hills, where he knows the curriers used to camp on the Sandy Creek Flat. "If any of their horses have travelled, they'll not have yoked up yet, and I'll loaf on them for a day or two." He is looking eagerly for the flat, and at length he i!ee«''.ir, but no teams. No teaniB ! only, only-what ? The swag falls from his shoulder ; the very billy goes clattering to the ground, to utter something stronger than "help me," and sits down upon the swag. '. I've got 'em on," he says, " but I havn't, tor I didn't earn the price or 'em since um surrenders' spree. I'm mad, that's it. I'll travel. IIillo, thered Iii, you, I say. What's up ?" It is a man riding, a working man on a groomed horse. Working man stops. '' Why, what's the matter, and what's that?" He points to the swag. "What's that? What's this, I want to know ? Where's old Brigalow Station, and where's the men's hut ?" " This is Brigalow," says the horse- man, " but the men's hut I know nothing about. What's the matter ? Who are you?" "Who are? What are I ? How long is it since you carried the drum, and who groomed your horse last year ? Have you a pipe of tobacco on you, or a pinch of tea in your bare ?" Horseman looks still more bewildered, go there his reins, and backs away a pace or two. "I can give you a pipe of tobacco, but as for tea, who ever carries tea ?" " Now, the Lord-.-- " People familiar with bush talk may fill in the blanks; to others the hollow trunk of the course will be at least as edifying, The last word gasped out WEST mopoke," where at the horseman made a right-about, and sailed along the track towards all the buildings in the centre of the flat, only stopping at one or two cottages, telling the mothers to keep the children in and shut the door, for a madman was coming down. Eight onward rode the bold horseman to the big block of buildings that seemed to denote the owner's quarters, and there he met the owner, comfort able, intelligent, but full of surprise at the sun wanted pace, for the man who approaches is cautious by nature, and steadied by matrimony ; moreover, he is not devoid of that righteousness which regarded the life of the best. " What's up, land pipes burst, dam gone wrong, engine blown up?" "No,'' replies the lad, still aghast, but a madman, terrible mad, sir, and with a bundle that may be dynamite ; knows the places too. and. noises like a Queenslander." " no worse than that," replies the master ; " where is he, the madman ? Get me a horse, and we will go out to him, and send two of the lads with a truck along the line ; we may have to carry him home." The horse was brought the two boys placed the truck upon the line, master and man rode along together, and the truck came behind, It was not a long journey. Upon the rising of the hill sat the traveller on his swag, still dazed-looking and undecided. He rose as the horsemen approached, and looked by instinct at the master. " Well, my man, what game is this ?" " No game at all, sir, so far as I know; I made over from Wintle., coming up from the i river toward shearing, thinking I might get a job of work by the way, and I camped at the two-mile ridge at night, because I wouldn't loaf upon no man and coming down this morning I met Billy there, who gammoned groan, or mad, and bolted," " But why do you walk, why not telephone, and what have you there r " " It ain't a very good 'no, sir, but the weather's hot, and I thought to make it carry me through the season." " What is it " " You're very tight on a cove, sir. I'll allow I rolled up in a hurry this morning." The master approached a place nearer, leaned forward, and looked the traveller in the eyes. " You do not look mad, but it beats me to understand you ; where are you going, and what do you propose to do f" " If, you could give me a job of work, sir." "What work? What are you?" "Not much to boast about, perhaps, but still pretty fair at a chock and log fence, and middling at rolling or with a crutch at the washpool." " Are you married f" " Well, you likes to have your joke, sir ; might I ask you for a pipe of tobacco P" " Certainly ; but now try and talk sense. Where do you live? what is your trade r" Traveller became irate at this, and, moreover, the tobacco was not immediately forthcoming. " Where do I live, and what is my trade P I live here, and this is my trade, and there used to be gentlemen for squatters out here who wouldn't BOO a traveller hard up for a pipe, nor yet bait him and badger him with rotten questions." Mumbling and muttering thus he hoisted his swag on his back, horse collar fashion, gathered up his billy and pannikin, and stood in the track, fully armed and defiant. " Bless my soul, Well," said the master, "it's a swagsman, the sort of man I remember when I was a boy. I haven't seen one for forty years, He is dirty, too, you see, and he carries a battered billy, And his trousers have never been washed ; but look at his hair, it is halfway down his back ; and look at his nails, they are as long as fingers j and mortal man since the days of Rip van Winkle never wore such a beard." Down went the swag again, out streamed the curses. " Look at his nail., And look at his beard, and look at his hair. Oh,-" We can't follow him. in his words, but at the end of them he flung down his hat and carried upon it, through the course of which after some of the long back hair lapped round upon his face, and hair blinded him. This completed the madness. He fell upon the ground, | writhing and groaning, .' I've got 'em, I've got 'em, and undeserved I swear it, undeserved." The pastor dismounted and put a hand upon him, " Stand up, lad, and got in the truck ; we'll wash you and feed you and make you decent, but mad or sane I can't understand your hair and nails." " No understanding anything," said the traveller, " and needs must when the devil drives, with which he once more gathered his wardrobe and kitchen utensils and mounted the truck. The men on board headed homeward, master and men followed, and the quaint procession moved along. Half-a-dozen cottage doors opened as they passed, and women with children came out to stare at the wonder. Pleasant as strange looked the cottages to him, near places with verandahs and vines, and vegetable and flowers in the gardens ; a pipe running from the main water channel to the door, and everything fresh and bright as the children's faces. At length they reached the terminus, alongside the main entrance to the house. The master bade the traveller dismount, and led him in, then went to the telephone, and rung up in haste the town of Copper. " Tell Dr. Brown to come down here in a hurry, and he can bring down the newspaper man if he likes ; there is a case for both of them. Dr. Brown arrived in due course, and with him the newspaper man. The former was puzzled, the latter simply true to his trade, in evidence of which we here publish a special report which appeared in the Copper Times upon the 29th May, 203 : A REMARKABLE DISCOVERY. (BY OUR SPECIAL CO___S1>0___XT.) We were summoned by telephone yesterday to the station of Mr. Andrew James at Brigalow, and taking a special electric train in company with Dr. Brown hurried down. It was a little past noon when we arrived, but Mr. James, expecting us, had refreshment ready, and insisted upon our partaking before consider- ing the case. He said it was rather interesting than dangerous, and so it proved. strengthened and refreshed by the generously prepared and courteously bestowed refreshment, we shortly proceeded to an out-building, where, guarded by two gardeners and a homestead man, was the strangest being it has ever been our lot to behold. A man with hair fully two foot long, with nails extending at least an inch beyond the extremities of his Augers, not particularly old, but sunburnt and careworn and horribly dirty. His clothes, as his body, seemed strange to any proper process of ablution. Questioning him, he seemed rational after a sort, peacably disposed, and contented with a good supply of food and tobacco. The doctor made a somewhat minute examination, but could discover no pronounced symptom of madness. He was simply labouring under the remarkable hallucination that he was living in a remote ago. In answer to a straightforward question be said he believed the year to be 188-1, and, singularly enough, the madness so far restored him that he realised fully and graphically what may be termed the general historical facts of 1881. We tried him about the house first, and found telephones, electric force, and all our modern appliances were things of which he had but the most rudimentary knowledge. We bade him call through the telephone to Copper, and when, in usual course, the answer was made he was utterly incredulous, nor did our efforts at persuasion have a good effect. " Try yourself," said Mr. James, and he tried in this style-" Know Ben Johnson " Where?" was the answer. "At the Travellers' Best," "Not known." "Who has got it then?" " Don't know." " Where is the best place to get a cheap night's close ''The lockup." He showed symptoms of madness at that reply in an outburst of mediaeval blasphemy, which I fear will lower the good repute of the people of Brigalow. Not caring to experiment further with the telephone, Mr. James proposed a ride around the place; and anticipating some entertainment from our original but plain- speaking friend, we agreed. It is always pleasant to pass an afternoon at Brigalow, for despite the intensely dry season, things are so ordered that not the faintest trace or distress is seen. It is not necessary to waste space with the well-known features of the homestead, of the splondidly-cultiratod paddocks immediately surrounding it. Our long-haired friend said he supposed "some small must have started a stud farm, but he must be leagued with the old follow to make greenstuff grow that way in the back blocks." The sorghum and lucerne and Bokhara clover are, indeed, enough to provoke wonder ment, particularly when it is remembered that the latest rain fell in October last but green crops in small paddocks are small marvels by comparison with these which follow. We crossed a couple of miles of bare country, eaton down at the last shearing, and never started since, and upon the Now Hope riBO came to the Currajong plantation, now for the first time coming into use. At a cost of 15 per acre Mr. James put down three 100 more plantations of these trees, thirteen, ten and nine years ago. He is now making an inroad upon the splendid beauty of the first under pressure of what we trust may be temporary need. This plantation is two miles long, and fringes three paddocks. There are about 100 trees to the acre, and it is calculated that each tree top contains at least 10dwt. of good nutritious food, half of which may be cut without damaging the trees. Thus each | acre contains 25 tons of available food, and the single I plantation 2500 tons, sufficient feed for 5000 sheep for 1 four months ; but as the boughs rapidly sprout again this cannot be taken up their maximum capability. It is probable that the one plantation would feed 10,000 sleep till the raine which, whatever the winter may bring forth, will surely fall in the spring. Sheep, however, do not live well on Currajong alone, and so after three or four days about the plantation they are crossed over to the carrot paddocks, a subdivided block of 2000 acres, over which Mr. James has succeeded in acclimatising the native carrot. This useful root makes very little show above ground, but a few inches down pro- ducts an iron-ore era of succulent tubes The air face is broken by a power cultivator, and the sheep, taught by necessity, do the rest for themselves. Our wild man was, as may be supposed, much astonished at all those things. of the Currajong, he said it reminded him of an easy time he had come on the creek country above Brewarrina, cutting mulga, and furthermore declared that there was nothing like a dry time to bring squatters to their bearings, He remembered in '66 making the " biggest cheque he over busted," picking wool from dead sheep. 1800, we need not remind our readers is either 32 years ahead or 78 years behind. We progressed, however, and, after another mile or two of wilderness, came upon the euphoniously-uaniod Dead Dog Flat-the one vantage ground whereon Mr. James does equally well, however the rain falls or the wind blows. Upon this Hat a dead level of GOO acres, have been discovered 20 artesian wells, each yielding not less than a thousand gallons of water per hour. Every drop of this is, by a splendid system of reticulation, spread upon the surface of the ground, not an acre but gets a soak- ing at least once a week, and thus not an acre but 80yds up its green growth of lucerne with such magical rapidity as to keep at least a dozen sheep, And just on the rising ground all about this flat, securely fenced and protected from fire, and so raised on iron piles us to be clear of all vermin, are a hundred stacks of hay, taken off the flat two years ago, when all the stock were rolling fat upon the native pastures. That may come in through the winter, or may be used for fattening, or even held for another drought. It is as charming a scene as could be imagined. Rivers of running water in a green place and all around a horrible desert; for circling this Hat are about 10,000 acres of ridges and scrub lands, good grass country in wet weather, but absolutely worthless now. But water is not a scarce commodity anywhere. There are upon the station upwards of DOG wells a fourth of them overflows. And also Mr. James has shares in the various great reservoirs, and one race from the fresh water canal brought in by the Irrigation Company, from the Darling, We had a tolerably long ride from the Dead Dog and the live lucerne to the silos, where Mr. James is now fattening the bulk of his store stock. Splendid management has been shown in the filling of those BOB, and they are all crowded on three meagre plots of ground threE successive flats, besides an old sandy creek, each with an unlimited depth of good black soil, and convenient for irrigation. The three together are not more than CO addresses! from them, within three years, 200 tons of green feed have been taken and stored in the silos. The air is filled with a pleasant fragrance about the two or three silos opened, and in a small paddock adjoining a hundred bullocks are putting on beef space. They come in in fair condition, but in a month are topped for and will top the Sydney market. Mr. James has expended money over these silos, but it is all coming back to him. He will station a thousand bullocks before spring, and he will draw ten thousand cash for them. Our long-haired friend tells of a time when ten thousand dead bullocks were counted on the Namoi between Pilliga and Walgett, and the towns were decimated by typhoid fever, caused by foul air and putrid water. Of course our readers have read of those things, but this strange follow speaks as from personal experience, and as if they were matters of yesterday. We left the silos for the reserve paddocks, a well-fenced and well-watered 10,000 acres with a three years growth of saltbush, cotton-bush, kangaroo and mulga grass topping the of shoes. A ridge divides the reserve, and on one side is chiefly herbage and the various nutritious bushes, on the other grass. About a thousand cattle are browsing on the former of these reserves, and all the spare station horses. The Other is as yet untouched, and as a source of some anxiety to the proprietor. Our friend of the marvellous memories puts a finger alongside his nose she sees this terribly combustible paddock, and says " rations must be good for travellers at the home station, or that would go to render shortly," and then he goes on to tell a tale of how " one-eyed Scotty clewed up old Billy Budge on the Murrumbidgee in the years" wall what year ? He will not say what year, but asks curiously enough if we take him for a "square-head or a fool." This dead food contains but little nutrition in its' present state, it is dry as dust from crown to earth sole. Mr. James says it will come right with only a little shower of rain, green feed will spring up through it, and the cattle will eat it all down. At present he heiress patrol about to warn all people off. It would burn like gunpowder if touched by the flame of a single match. He is not in love with this system of storage, and purposes to extend the silo system, cutting and stowing even the coarse native grasses, which experience has told him will stand the former and turn out good feed. The length of time the fodder will keep if hermetically sealed has not yet been ascertained, but trials in more eastern countries have found ten-year-old stuff good enough and a ten years' store is sufficient surely for the outer district of Copper county. It is pleasant enough to state of course that Mr. James, though a right worthy example, is by no means an exception among the long leaseholders of the Copper county. He may be an honourable exception in one respect, which is his singular openness upon what some men of a more churlish disposition regard as close business secrets. He tells us that of his 35 years' lease he has yet 50 to run that good year with bad year, he can carry 30,000 sheep and 2000 cattle that from them he can make a clear profit, after liberal allowances for improvements, of £8000 per annum is that the half this sum pays all bills, and the balance will portion all his children, and perform those duties of charity which fall to every man's share. It was pleasant to mark his grand face "glow as we rode side by side in the evening light, even to burn as he denounced the cruel and wicked lie that Australian pastoral land would under any circumstances, yield great surplus ages that it was against God, and murder to the brute creation for any many to roll in luxury in Europe, or for the matter of that in any of our own great cities, leaving his stock to accumulate in good seasons and perish miserably in the had. " And we know, he says, that cases though rare now were frequent enough in the old days, whereof that poor wretch jabbering behind seems an actual ghost, demure, horrid phantom, or shade. Oer namely the G government was bad, bad or mad, I know not which. They seemed to lack everything that goes to make legislators. As I read their history I really cannot see that they were much better than the black race they donoued or slow. They asked me to honour race they departed or Blow, They asked me to honour some amongst their pioneers, and amongst the actual founders of the State some I see worthy of honour, but it immediately following them came many in whom the natural savagedom the land seemed dominant-but I brought you to see my wild man, not to preach and, more, we are home." "And now, mister, I have followed you up and down this new fangled run for the best of the day, and I reckon I'm shipped, and if I might make so bold, would you order me some rations, and put me on the track of a hat. By the time I've baked a johnny cake, it will be well dark." Thus our wild man, We looked at him, his hair, his beard, his nails; we listened to his voice ; we tried to make some sense out of his words ; the doctor asked to see his tongue, whereupon he expressed intentions upon the doctor liver, but was appeased when told that he might get food from the kitchen and sleep in the coach- house that night. When we last saw him he was most uncomfortably bestowed in an old red blanket, but sleeping the sleep of the innocent, and apparently reconciled to fate. It's very difficult to account for him to determine if he is some cunning rogue or possibly some lunatic escaped from a distant asylum, who has been in hiding for a long time in some of the unused country. But how could he obtain water? Had he shown near any of the walls he must have been seen, and people are living adjacent to all the greater reservoirs. And then, even if he had been in hiding for many months, could he have developed such an enormous growth of hair and beard and finger nails? The finger-nails seam the one impenetrable mystery; they appear to indicate a long period of perfect quiescence-a Rip-Van-WinklB sleep. But where P Common sense revolts at such an absurd hypotheses. In a later edition we will present our readers with an accurate portrait of the creature and his strange belongings ; also, if he be talkative, with the results of a second interview. I F. M. 