CRUMBS AND, CRUST. (Bj A TBAHP.) I CANNOT let a portion of an article that appeared in thc OBSERVER of the 18th October pass me without a few remarks. It pertains to that very much vexed question, the description of labor for the Northern Territory. Most of us are already sick and tired of thc subject ; but that does not settle the thing for us. These are two distinct sides-one for the European and the other for cheap coloured labourers. Those who have been herc for the last twelve or thirteen years say-" We have had quite enough of the Chinese ; let us now have a change, or else quit the scene !" The change is not forthcoming, not even looming in the distance ; therefore they leave the country. Our legislators say -"The Territory would not continue to exist if the Chinese left it !" And they turn a deaf ear to all our entreaties to stop the flow of Chinese and encour- age the settlement of Europeans. This is what the OBSERVER says:-"Next, touching the labour question. In the Territory the high price of labour tends to make all enterprise unsuccessful. How is this to be remedied ? Chinese labour is cheap, and it is almost the only kind of labour which is suited to the climate. But throughout the Terri- tory the strangest antipathy prevails against Chinese. Europeans cannot work in the Territory, the Coolies, about whom so much was said some time ago, seemed to have passed outside the range of practical politics. We cannot afford to emulate Queensland in the procuring of Pacific islanders for "labourers: and yet the Chinese, who are sufficiently numerous to supply white labour, and yet few enough to be under control, will not bc allowed to work in the Territory, simply because, of prejudice. We fully agree with those who prophesy a 'bril liant future for the Northern Territory. But we are yet in the day of small things and over-speculation, hasty legis- lation, and class or national prejudice may do much to hinder the material growth and prosperity of the Territory." Climatic influence is, according to the article quoted, the key that has admitted and should retain Chinese in the Terri- tory. I should like to know what class of labour it is that the OBSERVER thinks Europeans cannot do, and Chinese can. Surely, the whites who work from week to week here in blacksmith's shops, on the goldfields, lumping cargo on the boats, and loading and unloading drays in the hot sun-surely, I say, the writers in the metropolis must imagine that these men melt away gradually, and disappear after a short period like a burning candle. But the fact remains that the contrary has been proved, and a willing European can get through twice as much work in a week as any Chinaman in the country, and the harder the work the more sure is the result. Let the OBSERVER look at home, and consent to acknowledge that the Chinese poll-tax was not made law in South Australia proper merely through any outcries engendered by national prejudice ; but that there was some far more weighty reason to back them up. And this colony of ours is in precisely the same predicament as its foster parent was before bringing the poll-tax into operation ; therefore the same remedy is wanting. I am a religious man ! in fact all our family were blessed that way, MATER most partitularly so, and the PATER well, a sort of half-and-half, something like the head of a family I once knew, who, might have been constantly among the flock of the parson if it had offered the same inducement as the flock of the publican. This would-be good man paid a visit to church whenever he had a son or daughter to give way in mar- riage, and the rest of his life he passed serenely at the pub. But my wish is not to follow in a similar path to this old crotchet, but to be a useful and pushing member of religious circles, and rest happy in thc conviction that I am bound to arrive at one of two destin- ations when Ï shall have "given up the ghost." I have been asked by a friend for my impressions of the Salvation Army as a useful religious institution. Perhaps the best way to class it would be by saying that it is a good introduc- tion and at the same time a bad one. "With proper modifications it might be brought on a par with any other religion of the present day ; but as it is now the chief aim of the Army seems to be to drive the devil out of men and women by noises that would do credit to the most infernally eloquent " city " of cats. About the best feature in the whole combination is the amount. Of saintly perseverance displayed by the members when rounding up strayed sheep. This is very often taxed pretty severely by the larrikin element ; but I have seen no instance so demonstrative as that recorded from Clare, in South Australia. The Army have a barracks there, and, as is customary, sallies forth on given occasions to pick up subjects for reform- ation. On these occasions thc larrikins fill their pockets with eggs that had once seen better clays, with stones hard and large enough to cause mischief, with decayed fruit, and, I blush (being so religious) to tell it, they do not even "pass" on night-soil and offal. All these are given to the Army GRATIS by way of testifying in some small degree to the esteem in which it is held by the lower orders of a modern, though not model, community. Moreover, they are given with the blessing of the donors, which adds to the effect very materially. The " soldiers" go home sometimes in a fearfully sorry plight, though they never practically declare war ; such a-proceed- ing would take the colour off their re- ligious purposes, and might possibly put a little more on themselves. The streets, too, in some places become, as it were, unrefined scent shops. You can hardly wonder, then, that the Mayor of the aiistocratic Corporation of Clare refused the use of the Town Hall for General Booth's reception. I reckon receptions on the above principle are, in a great measure, brought on by the Army itself, for I cannot believe that Christ ever intended the conversion of sinners to be worked after the plan adopted by thc Salvation Army. Here is another little" religious item. ThePt^v. Dr. Bromley, of Melbourne, who has existed considerably longei than the allotted span of three scow years and ten, took unto himself, on the 29th ultimo, a blushing bride of 17 .summers. So far the thing sounds very good; but that part of the announce ment showing that Bishop Moorhouse and other friends of the bridegroom did their utmost to dissuade him fron taking the step strikes me as proving what I have for a long time thought namely, that even a Bishop can some times put a fine edge, on religion. It may be that the doctor's friends con sidered him extremely unchristianly and rash in entering the bonds of matrimony at his advanced age; but the giddy ole bridegroom ought to have sufficient knowledge "of the ways of the world a tb know what suits himself, or how h should act, without having tb ask fo advice and consent from his friends Probably if he had chosen some ol crone about his own age to cheer- hi;: to the grave his. friends would, hav exulted in what they would term hi cood sense and judgment ; but becaus he prefers to act contrary to this pr< cèdent and chooses a lass of 17 they tr to dampen his ardour. The girl wa born of uoor but respectable parents. You have now, I see, a Good Tem] lar's institution to help keep you straigf and provide you with a par ever Thursday. You might consider it moi useful on this latter account than in an other way ; but tastes diffei*, and son prefer one thing to another, lt seems fashionable for a rising township now-a tlays to sport it:» G.W.C.T.'s and the thousand and one other titles which go towards making a teetotal lodge ; there- fore, knowing that it is as well to be out of the world as out of the fashion, we should in a measure feel thankful to the promoters for their share in the in- troduction. There is a difference of opinion, and always will be, as to the amount of genuine benefit which the public derive from the existence of a lodge. A good deal depends upon how the nets are cast, and what kind of fish are drawn in. It sometimes happens that even the publicans are obliged to the advocates of temperance for having taken off their hands human barrels of alcohol whose only ambition seems to be to drink at the expense of others, get fighting drunk, and kick up enough row to place the landlord tinder the guiding wing of the police court. But it's not VERY often that thc hotel-keeper thanks anyone for taking his customers from him. When he does, then you may be sure that he is pretty high up on the "stool of repentance," and entertains very serious thoughts of quickly going to fathom the mysterious uncertainty of the dim hereafter. Again RE temperance, I must own that absolute teetotalism is good where a man makes a beast of himself regularly about five times a week ; but not when a person feels better after a moderate nip, and knows when to let it alone. If you have no correspondence next week please imagine I've turned over the proverbial " new leaf," but for the present I remain, yours temperately, as above. 