. WE WILL NEVER GIVE THEE UP ! .Wis .will '-never give thee up ! 0 thou sadly. erring one ! . i . Though faster . in the : downward- path: thy. -. wayward footsteps run.;,:-.. : . .. Though harder.than an adamant thy steadfast brow bp. set . .... In proud rebellion Igainst thy. God, thou'lt. ,. come to Jesus yet,!,, :.. ........ We .will. never give 'thee, up! .though each- -...passingflay ..and- hour,,. j . .... , Find thee a ..still. liioro yyilling slave ,to Satan's, deadly. power ...j. '.Though" closer '.round;, ,,tliy heart and .life sin's-; '.!( (irbt chain; bo(' bound,, 7,. 7 y ' v, 7 Thpugh, -darker .! grow (thy, deeds' . and'., words', thpu,,lpst;6ne,- .Shalt. bp found 1.7, , . ' 7 , We, ''will, .never give,, . thee /up ! ;, though r. thou ! ; -! ("; 'haye.'no heart' nor f eye,.; '. ' j .( , ' ( 7 Npr; ear ; but f or.'tiie 'reckless .mirth of godless ! 'revblry-;;i''y'.'i.:,if .'A. ...'. V- . .; r,"".! Though : deeper, in (each :',yice.. thou plunge,, i though 'thinp.he 'scoffer's p :r., ... The" drunk'arcTsj swearer's,' prpfligate's,, Christ yet'shiflrhayejto . We .wili' neyer giye thee up! from! thee tiiqu'lslf.ctistjj' ' jsn£;. ' ,, 7 777., 7 , All good'though.j nature's,'! graces, all' shall' V ; froni: thine5 heart. biayq paBt,; 7,,77<7": Thpugh '..man, Shan,'; look 'with, pitying i scorn, 7 sh all ; tel 1 .us j o £ - despaifi'", ( Oail.'tliee hhelp!.Q8s,'rWrech-;--e!en £Ae»7our/Gbd-7 for tlico shall care 1 !, 7.7 : . 7-7 . i We wilhhoyeh givc thee, .up ! though the 7 .heavonhaboye like brass Seemed stretched, we, know that through them' r j' e'en', our- feeble' prayer shall pass ; .... Though' earth-bora clouds Jiang, dark between,, '.-'s ;! w,e( kno,hf(hh/iB'thea-'. .. . .. That ' it'.. will ' pass ' them" through . .anon-— our | (God will answer prayer ! , . W®; will never' giye fhee up ! God's sure word '.'-.shall-. be'purptJay ;':'.,.. : Though ' heaven and, earth shall be removed, it cannot pas's'away ! Has He! 'hot . said,. " !A.sk what thou wilt,- -the answer l .will give ?'' : And think'st thou that he bids us ask, and will'.no't let thee live ? . We will never give thee up !., we know the " day must come' When' thou, a lowly prodigal, wilt seek thy: ' Father's homo. - We know not wAca'that day may, be ; but as- our God is true, , ;. ........ Whate'or we ask in Jesus' name, that will the Father do ! , >.i .v . Wo will never give thee up 1 0 thou sadly .. erring one ! ... ; . Mornj noon, and eve, and night. we!ll . pray,. . -y. until the prize -bo won. . Dear wanderer ! sadly yearn our hearts ; . but. there's-aheart above That yearns with deeper tenderness— thou yet . " :8halt know its love ! ' Annie Lucas. THE BISHOP OF BATH AND WELLS ON THE; i RITUALISTS.— It is . notorious that -.there. ; are those in the Church at the prosont day who have deliberately and avowedly undertaken the task of revol ution- ising the Church of England as to her doctrine and her ritual, and; of effecting her- re-union with the Church of Rome: There; is scarcely a. single doctrine: of that corrupt: communion which -it has not been attempted of lato to bring back among us.> The deprc- \- ciation of the Bible as .the -rule -of : faith, and' the exaltation of .the Church as a fountain of . revelation ; The MaB8 as a ; propitiatory sacri-! fico for the sins of the quick and -the dead ; solitary masses; as: sacrifices by which non- communicants are benefited ; -suclin a ilocal presence of the "Lord : Jesus in; the conse crated : elements to be a proper object of worship, a worship directed to the elements; as containing Him'; the invocation and wor ship of the Virgin Mary, and prayers for her intercession ; auricular confession and priestly absolution ; penance, purgatory, and so on, not one of which was taught or practised in the ante-Nicene Church. And, together with these, have been introduced a whole host of practises of a minor kind, all savouring of 'Romanism, and intending to familiarise the .Angelican worshipper with Roman ways. The English priests and deacons are to be dressed as like as possible to Romish priests and deaconB ; the church choristers are to bo as like as possible to the acolytes and choristers in a Romish church ; the Lord's -table is to be made and dressed as like aB .possiblo to the altar of a Romish church ; the chants and music to be as like as ipossible to those in the Church of Rome ; the processions, banners, crosses, and cruci- fixes of Romanish ceremonials are to be exactly imiated ; the Roman use of incense and wafer bread is to be adopted ; in short, in everything Anglican worship is to be assimilated as closely as possilbe to the wor ship in Belgian, Italian, and other Roman Churches. Then, again, we are introduced to a variety of supplements to the Prayer Book. Offices are provided for the consecra tion of portable altars, for tho benediction of church bells, for the consecration of chrism and holy oil with which to anoint the sick, for the blessing . of altar cloths, corporals, patens, pyxes, albs, chasubles, &c.; We.have offices, too, for the admission of novices, male and female ; for the- profession of brothers and sisters ; for the installation of superiors of. brotherhoods, rind mother superiors of / sisterhppds ; and we have a great variety of litaniesifor the dead as well as for the diving, all as unlike the Litany, of the Church as it is possible to conceive. There are offices, too, for the blessing of salt and water ; and the. priest (i.e., the English clorgyriiah) is to throw the salt into the water in the form of a crosB, saying, " Let this mixture be made in the name of the Father, and of tho Son, and of tho Holy Ghost.". And there are offices for blessing candles for Candlemas day, and for blessing ashes for Ash Wednesday, and for blessing palms and flowers for Palm Sunday and there are benedictions of ser vice- books, of thuribles, of incense, Cof; tapers, of .crucifixes, .of medals, of church banners, &c.; \- We ' are : also favoured -with works which pass through two or more edi tions, in -.which, among other things, the clefgy'afo instructed as' to what is necessary to a devout celebration and . communion. Among them T' find that lie ought riot to wash his teeth in the morning before he com municates,. 'for fear; of drinking, a drop of water, and so breaking his fast ; nor to cough afterwards ; and that it is the celebrant's duty to rinse out the chalice after celebration, and to pour water over 'his/fingers into the chalice, and then to drink the water, with much more of the., same kind which it is sickening to mention. Another method largely used for familiarising the English church man's! mind with Roman Catholic doctrine, .is -the introduction and recommendation on a large scale of Roman Catholic books of devo tion, and especially books connected " with Confession, and with the (so-called) sacrifice of the altar. The mind is thus familiarised with the teaching of Liguori and Ignatius Loyola, and with brevaries and missals, and alienated from the language of the Anglican : Prayer Book and the doctrines of the Angli can Church. All this, together with the 'tone used by certain writers, and the endeavour to hoot down those who resist the attempt to Roman ise the Church of England, as if they were not true Churchmen, but ignorant, uncatholic Dissenters, corivinces me that there is a deliberate conspiracy on foot somewhere to bring back the Church of England to com munion with, and obedience to, the, Pope of , Rome. Indeed, if all these doctrines and practices which I have detailed are and ought to be the practices and doctrines of the Eng lish Church, I am at a loss to know on what grounds our. separation from Rome can be justified. The question of the precise degree of authority to be exercised by the Bishop of of Rome over the Western Churches is hardly one of sufficient importance to create a great- schism ; the difference between the doctrine of transubstantirition and that taught by the newt school is absolutely insignificant in the region of religion ; and there is no other important question at issue that I am aware of, between' Rome and England. So that we are brought face to face with the question, , Shall the Church of England return to Her allegiance to the Church of Rome ? Shall; the mighty Revolution of the sixteenth century be undone, and shall we have a Restoration ? A restoration of Popedom on British soil ? A restoration of all those corruptions, those follies, those idolatries, those perversions of the truth, those wretched debasing super stitions, and that priestly tyranny, which for so many centuries almost quenched the light of Christianity, and annihilated the liberties of the laity ? Shall we exchange our Prayer Books for breviaries and missals ; close our Bibles and take up with the lives of Saints, or the " Garden of the Soul ; " in a word, submit to tho decrees of the Council of Trent, and the last (Ecumenical Council of Rome ? ... If we are not prepared to this, if we are determined; by God's grace, to stand to the Reformation, and if we are satisfied that such tenching as that of which I have given speci mens, iB not in harmony with the teaching of our Lord Jesus Christ; and with the doctrine which the Apostles, illuminated by the Holy Ghost, delivered to the Churches all over the world, nor with the doctrine for which the fathers of tho English Reformation laid down their liveB, and which they have handed down to us, then it is timefor ub to make a stand against the attempt to reimposo Popery upon the English Church. We must not allow ourselves to drift gradually and uncon sciously into the communion of Rome. We must hot - be like the silly daughters of Pellias, and allow our Church to be dismem bered, limb by limb, in the vain hope that in the hands of our modern Medeas she will come forth in renewed youth and beauty. And I appeal to you, my brethren of the clergy, and to you, my brethren of tho laity, to help in withstanding the astounding growth of that spirit which gives birth to the kind of religion I have described. — From Charge of the Bishop of Bath and Wells , 1873. Christ and Shakespeare. Some time ago the attention of our readers was directed to a lecture entitled — "Christ and Shakespeare as Moralists,'' delivered at Mittagong, by Mr. W. D. Villiers Reid. This lecture was re-delivered in the Pro testant Hall on Monday night, before a large and influential audienco. The chair was occupied by Tlios. Jessep, Esq. Amongst those on the platform were R. L. Murray, Esq., M.P., F. Abigail, Esq., M.P., Rev. .Pastor Allen, G. H. Picton, Esq., and Thomas But ton, Esq. Tho chairman, before introducing the lec turer, expressed a hope that all present would conduct themselves with ' that;decorum".;'clfa- racteristic of ladies arid gontlemen, and not interrupt the lecturer. ' ; The necessity for these remarks was called forth by the fact that at a sories of lectures delivered some time ago by G.-H. Picton, Esq., several securalists interrupted repeatedly. After the lecture several questions were asked by members of the secular association, which received very able and satisfactory replies from the lecturer. Some exception . being taken by some present at a gentleman who styled himself tlie representative 1 of the N.-S.-W.- Branch of -the Australasian Secular Association, ;:not. .being allowed -to. .make . ,a', running ' speech; ' The lecturer 'cliallbriged this gentleman pr ,hny .other ; member tof ? the., secular association to meet him in public, debate on .this or ariy kindred subject, which; waB declined. V" ' :' A vote of thririks!was;tlicn proposed to the lecturer by 'R.-' L. ' Murray; Esq.; M.P.,' and seconded by the Rov/'Paritor Allen.,, After, which the:meeting wa8 brought t'o'; a close , by the audience'singing ":God Save the Queen." 