THE ZIG ZAG TELEGRAPH. A TALE OF A MIND DISEASED. By Lzioxs G. [?] ' waary messages alone went oreepingover the I wires ; that its faitmul, patient eervices were given to me only .?- If so, upon me olearly devolves the task of writing its history. And yet, to own the truth, this task is not an easy one. The Zig,Zag was suoh an anomaly among telegraphs, such a bizarre affair alto gether, -that it sets at defiahoe. all ordinary methods^ of description. It was behind the times; it was slow with its messages; it: oarried them a long way around, and stopped, with them in., unexpected places; there was an air of mistiness about it that made me sometimes suspect that it was only the ghost of a telegraph— the phantom, perhaps, of some uncompleted, early invention loft an orphan by'. the death ofjthe inventor. But stay — I must be more explioit. This telegraph was not composed of solid material substance;- it did not conaiat of actual poata and wirea. It waa a phenomenon of an ex ceptional oondition of body or mihd, a phase of mental aotion in a given direotion, a aystem of exploration in the realms of msmory, a— well, I will admit it at once, a' something that I nover quite understood ; a problem',' the solution of whioh I. have 'many times almost reaohed, but whioh has always eluded me by -dodging around nnexpected cbrnera and disappearing when, I thought I had forced' it into a cul Ae sac. I will there fore make publio my exporierioe with thia. line, and transfer to others the solution of the' problem ; and, aa the oondition of body and mind waB doubtlesa a .faotor neoessary to the solution, I will make known this condition by briefly telling a small portion of my life's histoty. ; On the 6th of Maroh, a.d. 1865, with. other poroled prisoners, I crossed Broad Biver,' twelva miles from Wilmington, N.C., and stood once more, with bared head and thank ful heart, beneath the flag of our country.. The emotions' awakened by tho sight o! thia emblem of all we held dear, I shall not' venture ta_ describe. I should blush to bring the poor tribute of words to the flag aanotiiied by bap tism, in the tears of our tendereat. and the blood of our bravest.. For more, than ten months I had been a prisoner at Anderson ville and Florence. In this artiole I shall make no attempt to portray the horrors of Andersonvillo. The evidence under seal fur nished by those thirteen thousand graves needs no corroboration by parole testimony. When the storm haa passed, tho wreoks on the beaoh are surer recerds of the force of the tempest than all the 'figures at the signal stations. I had fought the battle for life for more than ten months in those prison pens, and I was consoious that I had fought it well. I had lost ground daily, it is true, but I had contested it by foot by foot and inoh by inch. My resistance had been steady, unfaltering, systematic.- At the time I was paroled I was suffering from sourvy and general debility, and bad also endured most of tho minor sick nesses of the camp ; but' thus far I had escaped those fearful fevera that had wreoked so many of my companions. Shortly after I reaohed Wilmington a strange dullness took possession of me. My mind refused to aot with'its acoustomed vigor. Owing to the ravenous appetites bf some of the' men, orders had been given to issue extra rations to all who. required them ; and, al though the regular daily' ration waa more than sufficient for me, I fell into the line with the others and drew the extra. This L took to my tent-mate, for safekeeping, and again fell in and repeated the procesa, over and ?over, as long as the drawing lasted. About this time, too, raoking pains assailed me, and I longed inexpressibly for home.. Then the vessel came to take us to Annapolis, and we -struggled, and puahed,and joatled each other, in our eagerness to get on board ; and at last I was fortunate enough to get tumbled onto , the deok just aa the captain announced that' he had a load, and oould take no more. My reoollectiona of the voyage are confused. I remember being rolled about, and crowded, nn/l Inin M Iitt nfViar T member staggering up to draw rations, al though. I could not eat. Then I was helped off the vessel, and some one took me by the arm and led me away. Then we stopped, and and a voice said, ' WaBh him.' And then— - blankneaa. .. How long the blank lasted I do not know. When my consciousness retumed-I was in a olean bed with white sheets. A light b'urned in the room, but:I saw no one. I closed my eyes, and was lost again. When I- awoke it was broad day, and a young man, dressed In a fresh suit of army blue, was standing by the bed-side. Ha expressed no surprise as hia glance met mine.- 1 lifted my right hand, and was astonished at tho effort so slight an action required. I gazed at the skeleton fingers, and vaguely wondered where I: had been while that'hand was growing so thin. I -caid, '.What's the matter ? ' He said, ' You have 'hatT'tEe; fever.1 -Ipn're aU right now. Don't talk.': His voice was Tow and -svfin ; it . expressed, no sympathy, no'anxiety ; he' moved away, and I slept again. My reoovery was rapid. The hospital surgeon visited me at intervals ; he asked me' no questions; he merely looked at me and passed on. I had a ravenous appetite; and, with the regularity of clookwork, a tray was placed before me on whioh. was a oup of tea and a delioate pieoe of toast orowned' with .poaohed egg. As I gazed at this dainty repast, I thought it a meal fit for- a god— that ia, for a very, email god. After a few days the pyramid on the plate was increased in altitude by the inser tion of another slice of toaat under the ovari ous crown, and flanked by a bottle of porter. Next came the order for admission to the full diet table, and. soon after the certificate en titling me to . a furlough; During all 'this period of convalescence I was consoious of no derangement of the mind's aotion. My main- interest in. life centred in the present, or reaohed' forward to: the future; but still memories of the past,' mostly of hope and early life, came to mo naturally. ; I had, however,, made no attempt ^ to' recall past ; events, as the ' admirable sy8tem of unqueationing treatment practised at- St. Mary's College Green Hospital had' sug gested no Buoh effort ; ; and it was only when oalled upon to answer questions,' at the time I applied for'a furlough; that I discovered tho singular phase of ; mental aberration whioh forms the subjeot of this narrative. I have said that my reoovery , was rapid ; 'perhapa I ought to add.that as I threw .off. the fever I began to suffer with a diffioulty in my feet, probably sourvy— a diffioulty that increased daily, until : eaoh foot felt; like an immense bruise. ; But as this disease did not trouble me seriously while I was in the hospital, I did not mention the matter to any one, foaring that to do so would 'delay my departure for home. This brief . portion of personal history is, I believe, all that is neoessary to put the publio .in possession of faots that have any oearing'on the problem tinder disousBion; And now I oome to tho most diffibult part of my task, .the portrayal on paper bf this' abnormal action of the mind ;' and in order successfully to do thia, I muBt'des'cribe the; normal'action in-tho same direotion in suoh a way that it will be dearly recognised by all; and yet in such, a way as will enable the reader to comprehend the abnormal. Hold I i have it I I will materialise-1 this ^tion ;* and if the materialisation laoks an or even a leg to- stand on— as is not un ^BkUy the case — if it but serve my purpose ^R-re vanishing in thin air, I shall be con ?j^IwUl reprosent memoiy .as a network ^^???ijiwircs, the main line : connecting : ^^^^^^?jjMtho beginning of conscious connecting this line eaoh order, iv- ? information can .be obtikined instantly from any of the outlying stations. Tbe question is flashed over the wires, and the answer is re? turned, and the combined messages constitute a thought. In many instances, however, no perceptible action of the mind is required, and the mind is unquestioning and at rest ; and yet, from: the various depflts in which our experiences of the past are stored, -the: messages .oome trooping' in, and we call them ' memorien These are phases of the. normal aotion of the intelleot and the undisturbed working of the lines. But I am also familiar with many phases of abnormal aotion, and various phases of wreck in the lines of com munication: * : . ' First, the poor wretch with the wire all down behind him, and the past a blank. Seaond, where the main line isodtatagiven point, in the past. Back to thid point the communications,, are perfeot and the sido. lines complete, . hut beyond — nothingness. Third; where the main line is complete and the side lines are in order near the farther end, but mostly broken or impaired from ohildhood to the present; This is a common case. Tho gray- haired' man' prattles of the scenes of his youth, but does , not recall tbe events, of his manhood. Every word of tho prayer his mother taught him is familiar, but he cannot remember a sentence of the speech that made him famous ten years 'ago. He does not recognise an acquaintance of yester day, but the faces of the friends of his boy hood stand out olear and dis tinct. I need not particularise further; every one- is familiar with the gaps in sections, where the storms of life have beaten dow- the side lines, and with the downfall of individual, wires. -Neither will.it be worth while to call attention to the slight derangement of a particular wire that does not respond as promptly as we wish, but leaves our question, unanswered, while the operator at the other terminus apparently takes a short nap, and we scratch our heads in vexation. -My object in writing'thia ar ticle ia to desoribe this well-known system of oommunioation only so far as may bo neces sary to explain the working of the other line, which no one but myself appears to have used ; and as I'made use of both, I will designate the former as the Direot line, and the latter as the Zig- Zag. The Direot line was always at my. service one way— it would bring messages, but could not bo relied on to oarry them; it would transmitone, and refuse thenext in what I then thought a most captious manner ; and some times it would apparently grow sulky and re fuse, them altogether. ' But the patient Zig Zag was not captious ; it did. not sulk when called upon to do the work, refused by its rival ; it went steadily, ploddingly, at its task,, and. never rested till- its work was done. These two lines were distinot in almost every respeot/and in order to make the distinction plain I will describe as concisely as possible; the peculiarities of the' Zig Zag. , First, it never took a despatch straight to its destination; but went zigzagging through the past* making short flights from point to point, and sending baok messages from every station.! These messages were dim piotures of familiar scenes, 'that approached slowly and grew plainer until they reaohed a certain uniform point of distinctness, when they vanished instantly. . , .Second, theao return messages never con tained the information I was seeking, . and some of them appeared to have no possible , connection with it ; 'and yet I was conscious that each of these dissolving views,.brought me nearer the objeot of my search. Third, no communication came baok over the Zig Zag from the station where it finally delivered my despatoh, but 'instead theanswer oame flashing over the Direot Line. Thia was the most perplexing part of the whole' trans action; for, although assured that, eaoh' re turning message by the Zig Zag .brought me one station nearer the station containing the object sought, I never knew, how many, still intervened, and the answer, by . the Direct Line invariably caught me puzzling over the. last message by the Zig Zag, and gave mo a little shock, like that experienced by a person when another jumps out {suddenly behind him and cries, ' Boo.' Fourth, the number of stations stopped at varied, and this variation appeared to have no relation with the remoteness or. nearness of the intelligence desired. To make this dear, suppose A and B to be stations on the Direot Line— A containing stores deposited five years and B-thoae depoaited six months before ; messages to B would sometimes be carried farther around and Btop at more Bta tions than messages to A. ? Fifth, to eaoh despatoh the return messages oame at regular intervals after, the first, whioh took' about twice the time of eaoh ot the others. * .... ...- - ... Sixth, the length of the- intervals varied with the varying despatohes ; the slnswers to some coming very slowly, and to others quite rapidly. ? ; .' S:.ii'^;.'-°flijding_and receiving messages by this line produoed',~';9J'tain strain on mind and body that was not felt when nsirig the. Direot Lino. '. And now, having partially described the working of this' line, I will go baok to the time when I discovered it. I had been: noti fied that a furlough would be given me by ap plying at a certain office, to whioh. I waa direoted,;and, with visions of home floating before my mind, I walked into the room and stopped at the deak. A grave, eterh-looking officer, with a pen in his hand and a book before him, sat by the table. He looked up and said: 'Your name.'- -I gave it, .and tnen supposed he wouia nil out my furlougn; but instead he recorded my ' name in the book, and then inquired : 'What, regiment do you belong to? '. Of oourae'I know per fectly well that the information sought was among' my stores, but when I turned- to. the post with the question, .1'. What ^regiment do I belong to !'.I' w£a amazed to find that the Direot Line did not respond. My despatch was off on the Zig Zag, and soon the misty messages, oame.baok : First message by Zig Zag. A bleak field,; with a. swamp extending from side to aide near the : centre ; . the ' field - enolosed with a. Btookade, a'nd crowded with wretched, dirty, ragged men; outside the' dead-line, a long row of skeleton forms, with dead faoeB turned to the sky. ' Second message by Zig Zag. A long line' of Union soldiers oharging throngh an open field,' with a forest before them ; : the.' line is broken and jagged, as if it had met.a blizzard of lead ; there are empty, saddles, and fallen' flags, and a blue- and-red windrow of dead. Third message by Zig Zag. A regiment of soldiers on dress parade ; the soldiers wear blue coats ; there are.figures on the fronts of their caps. ' . - ? :,1- - .. By tho Direot Line, Seventy -sixth New York. . - : ' . I gave the name of my regiment, and the offioerdashed it down, and. asked, brusquely ; 'What company?' I ought' to have been preparod for this qnestion, but I was. not/ My mind. was so dazed with 'the strange workings of the two lines that I thought of nothing elso until the 'question . was put. Again I turned to tho past, and inquired: ' What oompany ?' Bnd again the ;Zig'Zag tookiho question. First message by Zig Zag. A river spanned by a bridge ; beyond the oridge an . aroh of evergreens and flags; a throng of men hunt ing over the'bridge and under the aroh ; the men are emaoiated and- half- naked, but their faoeB glow with joy. — ' Seaond message by -Zig Zag. A forest; Union soldiers grouped round a dead cavalry man ; a sergeant with faoe turned toward th^ group, as if abont to give an order ; . ;By theDireot Line, Company F. _ I named'the company, and the officer jolted - it4own, and said : Your captain's name? '. And the Zig Zag took the question. 'First message hy Zig Zag.. Along line ot Union, soldiers, with a group of officers on j horseback in front; the officers with field-' glasses to their eyes; tho ground in front descending to a small stream, then ascending . to a ridge ; the ridge crowned with a lino of Confederate earth- works and batteries ; sharp shooters 'deployed as skirmishers between the . lines, , - - ' ;. ? . ' Second -message by Zig Zag. A prison . ^en; a scaffold; six men with ropes around their-neoks and meal-sacks drawn over their heads ; a sea of faces turned up toward the scaffold. . Third message by Zig Zag.-' A brigade drawn up in.hollow squaro ; a man kneeling ; on a coffin, with a file of soldiers before him; ah officor Btanding stern and pale, his ex tended right hand holding a white handker chief. ? . By the Direct Line, Captain Goddard. The officer took, down tho name, and in quired, impatiently,' When did you enlist ?'- I had noted his growing irritability, and it in creased my distress. Other patients were waiting to be questioned. The fear that my mind was hopelessly shattered was growing into certainty. The strain on my mind and body incident to sending and receiving mes- - sages was intense. My knees shook under : : me, and great drops of sweat stood on my forehead ; but I turned doggedly to the past with the inquiry, ' When did I enlist ?' The Direct Line rejeoted the message, aa ithad the othera,.but tbe faithful Zig Zag did not desert ine ; although evidently, over-worked, 1 it oame. bravely- to the rescue, and took my - ? message. The first response waa longer than UBUslin coming, but it came at last. Message by Zig Zag. A large sheet ;of water with a river emptying into it ; a snug harbor; a grove of oaks with a speaker's stand - in the centre; tho grove aud stand covered with people. ' - - ' At this point the .officer repeated the queB- ? tion,1' When did you onlist?' The inter ruption' broke the connection on the Zig Zag. : : The tone of the question demanded: an im mediate' answer of. some sort. - 1 made cne desperate effort to force the answer from the Direot Line, then I said sadly, 'I oan't tell.': The officer laid down his^tei, and said . petulantly,- ' I pat-.!t give yoi^Mrlough if you can't tell, me when' . agony of that moment4^^^B^^^^^H^H . _ after -Was it in body the from a to a super^^^^^^^^^^^^H injustice of fiite. The vation asserted itself^^^^^^^^^^^^^^H blazed you see what protest cried like a ehi^pi^^^moinen^^^^^^^^H ot the room was broken only by gentle voice said : I oan make d^^^^^^H don't distress yourself.' Could thifl^^^^^H voice of that.stern official? I-gliuiced afl^^^H through my tears, and . from .that insta^^^^H have had a truer understanding - of ':the 'of tlie transfiguration. Hisfsce was as as a. woman's. .With the utmost- gentl^^^^H he assured me that the matter could ranged, that I must take time, and gi^^^^^J date as nearly as possible. Thus enco^^^^^H I commenced again on the Zig Zag, an^^^^^H the year, and then the. month, but day. The furlough waa granted, and, storing the paper safely in -took the first train for homo. : : At first I w pi a good' deal trou^^^^^^H the ; peculiarities made a discovery that I proved Jt to be : friend, and also showed that the Direat Line^^H in rotusing some'of my messages and taldi^^H others, was aoting according to law instead^^^H in a spirit of caprice, as I at first suppoi^^^H The work of .the Zig Zag waa to open coa^^p munioations with the stations on the Dire^l^^^ Line, :and it had only to convey one message to each station to accomplish this. When the tnesBoge waa received and the answer sent, - back by the Direct Line', the conheotion with ? that station by the Direct Line was estab lished, and messages flatbed baok and forth with their former regularity! : I ' have before; spoken of .the messages that icame unbidden ; . these also opened communication on the Direct tiine, and to these two sets of stations . my .messages went; straight*. :' Stimulated by- -; : this discovery, I operated the Zig iiag.oheer- . - fully, for l knew that each returning message - . .enlarged the area'of the reconquered territory. : By means of the voluntary messages and the efforts of . the Zig Zag, I was nrin in ^f[}[jtj and the %^ of~the Z^lpa^^oama the ex ception. : ; At ' this time^I -^sJd .tov ponder a good deal on. the. subject, and strive 'to comprehend the working'of these lineB. One thing that perplexed me greatly was the gap - between the last messagif by .t he Zig Mag and the -return message by the Direct Lino. . On exploring these stations after direat comma-'; nication had been established, I: found that somo' of the Zig Zig.. messages approached .- very- nearly the information required ; for example, the one in regard , to the company. : It will bo recolleoted.that, in the last picture - presented by the' Zig Zag, a.Bergeant stood as -if ,al)out- to give an order. .Now, the order -; really given waB: ^'.Company F, into line;'. - but; as ho.'inkling! of what this* order .was reaohed mo at the time, by either line, the gap, though apparently small, could not be filled up. At other times/ I could' not, by the most careful examination, .find the least con neotibn between the last message by the Zig Zag and tho anawer by the Direct Line. :This . puzzled me, and I imagined that some of the messages by the Zig-Zag had miscarried, and had found their way to Bome unknown dead letter office ; but I finally became satisfied that the gap, in each instance,- extended- only from the last station on the Zig Zag to the station on the Direot Lino containing the in formation Bought,.. I now-givo the course ot reasoning by., wlu^h, this conclusion was reaohed. - Since thSvJnossiges by the Zig Zag ' . came at regular intervals after tho fkstj and - the first took double the time of eaoh of the others, I concluded that the despatch I sent : travelled at.exactly the same rate of speed aa the return -messages. Thus, if A, B and C ' represent stations on the Zig Zag, and D: the , desired pojht oh the Direct Line, and tlie in- - terval; of time ' between messages was five soconds later, or at the exact time that my despatoh reaohed B ; while the message from B would reach me at the same instant that my despatoh reached C, ^nd consequently the message from C would reach me at the sqme time that my despatch reaohed D, the point on the Direot Line; and as tho transmission^^f ot messages on the Direct Lino occupied appreciable time, this' view, of the caseu^^^H sustained by the faot that the answer. Direot Line always came to me whij^^^^^H examining the last message by the . ' And now the history of this finished, at least ^styfar as niy extends., I b^iHSrewcll is it twilight ;:snd think 