A HOTEL MYSTERY. I in the latter part of April, 13/3, 1 went to the Metropolitan hotel in New York, which is situated at the corner of Broadway and Prince street, and was assigned to room '242.' This room ftoutea on Jfnnce street, sua was about 10ft. wide by 15ft. long, with an alcove for the bed adjoining the main hall, while a narrow hall led from the main hail to the room by the side of the alcove. I am thus particular in describing the room, because it has a direct bearing upon the story I shall relate. The room has bat one window, and beside that is the fireplace, and both together take up the entire wall space. An old-fashioned bureau stood by the window on the left hand on entering the room. A stationary wash- stand, with a movable gas burner above, was placed between the bureau and the door lead ing into the little hall. A rather faded Brussels carpet covered the floor, and a small oval marble-topped table stood in the centre of the room. A couple of easy chairs and two plain chairs also stood about. On tho right-hand side of the room waa a wardrobe near the foot ot the bed, just Gutside tae alcove, and between that and the fireplace was a lounge. This completed the furnish ing of the room. I had arrived from a railroad journey and was very tired, but in superb health. I never it distinctly understood that I am not a was one likely to indulge in visions, and wish j spiritualist and do not believe ia spiritual manifestations in any way. I relate what I have to say just as it happened, leaving the explanation to anyone who can explain it. I arrived, as I say, and was given this room. I bad my dinner served in the room, and sat | there until nearly midnight writing letters, and than callisg the bcli-boy and giving him j the letters, I closed and locked the outer hall j door, and then the inner cue, ar.d then look- j ing at several photographs of friends, I left them and my writing materials on the table and went to bsd, first assuring myself that there was no possibility of anyone entering thfi rbofm by th'e window. There were no transoms, only a sort of window-blind si at work over the head of the bed for air. I left the gas turned up slightly, and the little table by the side of the stationary w&shstand;, where I had drawn it firths sake of light, there being no other burner in the room. Being very healthy, tired, and not troubled by a bad oouscienci-jr indica tion, I went to sleep almost as s»oa as I was comfortably j 8nttS«;dia bsJ. I do not know how lung I ' slept. Suddenly I awoke and sat bolt \ upright ia b-d, and saw two men in the room. The light was bright, and tbey were seated at the right-hand- side of the room at the foot of my bed. One on the sof , ad the other on a chair, and tae Utile marble-top table was between tfcera, and on this table they .were playing euchre, i hea rd no words, but knew is wag euchre, because I uoaerstan i that game famy tnyseU He who was eittiog, or rather leaiining. n ! the of del&'e-lookiog man, like one ia poor health, and he was dressed in a iigat suit of clothes. Ha had thin reddish hair and straggling beard. His forehead was unusually broad and high, and the rest of his face was so thin that the pointed beard gava him a peculiar look. His hands were long and thin, aad his left wrist was misshapen, as if it j had once been broken and badly set. The other man was stout, dark, with piercing black eyes, and eyebrows which seemed to stand oat straight. Hie hair was straight and thick and very black aai shining. His moustache was thick and drooping. At one corner of the month — I can't remember which — was a little scar like the latter Y ia shape, and his face and chin had that peculiar blue tinge that soma dark men have when newly shaved. He was handsome withal. Hs was dressed in dark clothing. They played out one hand, and had played cue trick on the next, when I noticed they I seemed angry and quarrelling, though I heard no sound, and in an instant the dark man drew a knife and stabbed the other in the left breast. The knife penetrated to the very hilt. He shivered a little, his eyes closed, and he was dead. Then the other one r03e and lifted up the Inert right arm and drew it forward and clasped the hand around the handle cf the knife, and pushed the table closer until it held the elbow cf the dead man in such a position as would keep the arm from falling again. Then ho gathered up his cards, put them into his pocket, took up his hat, and in an instant the whole scene had disappeared, and I fell back in bed and knew no more until morning. I might give a long description of my terrors and work up a thrilling tale, but as I am simply narrating facts, I must say that I was not frightened; I was more surprised than anything else, and the whole took place so suddenly that I had not tirna to get frightened, until it was all over, and when I awoke in the morning it was almost passed fro:n my mind, as I thought It was but a I dream. But when I rose and went into the room I saw that the table stood by the side J of the lounge and all my photographs and j papers were on the bureau. Still I did not attach great importance to that even, as I had walked iu my sleep some when I I was young, and in the press of business tha next day it went entirely out of my mind. That night I was roused in precisely the same manner as before, -and I saw the same thing precisely. In the morning the table stood by the sofa again, and all the things that had been on it were on the bureau. This surprised me a good deal, and I must confess to feeling a little 4 crawly ' about it ; still, much occupation during the day almost effaced the impression before night. The third evening I spent with some friends, and 1 relumed at about 11 o'clock, and almost immediately retired, to go through exactly tha same experience ; and then in reality i | began to feel uncomfortable, and not to care I about going to bed. I determined to fix things so that nobody -could move that table. I I did not believe in supernatural agency, and I took a rope that had In en arouod my trunk, and tied thai table fast to the legs of the bureau, and tied more knots than I could have untied in half an hour, piled some things en the top, and went to bed leaving the j gas fully turned on. I awoke next morning after having been the unwilling witness of it all again, and tha rope lay on the floor and all the things with it.. I declared to inyBelf that I would not sleep in that room another night, though I did not think spirits had anything to do with it. I called a chambermaid and asked her if she could not sleep in the room with me. She said that was against the rules, but that she would sneak to the housekeeper.. So Kafcy did, and the housekeeper came down. I had a conver sation with her, and aslpd her if anyone had j ever complained in any way of that room. She hesitated, and finally said that a sick lady once had insisted on being changed to another room, but did net offer an explana tion. I did not either, but decided not to | aive up without one more trial, and this night I determined not to fall aslec-p at all, and so I sat up reading, or rather trying to read, until nearly .12, and then I did not feel quite as though I wanted to remain in the same room, and I desired as much pro tection as the alcove room would give, though there were but ourtains to separate the rooms. j So I Bat up in bed there for about half an | hour. Ail ia ari instant the old thing was I before me again, and I did feel somewhat | queer and chilly, bub I watched the progress ! of the whole tragedy again, and, as I decided, ! - Al 1 I. lor me ia time. ii. As soon as wa,3 feasible in the morning I j sent for Mr. Adams, the clerk, to coma up, and asked him if he -would tall ma whether j any murder had ever been committed ia that | room, and he declared there had not ; but | when I insisted on finding out whether a tragedy of any kiud had been enacted there, he admitted that once a man had committed suicide in that room. He had been sick and i was despondent, and so had taken his life. I felt sure, then, and told him so, that that man had been murdered, and under just such circumstances as I had seen. Mr. Adams could not give the details cf the position of the body of the supposed suicide.. I was then assigned to another room, and ; as long as I remained I saw no more of my ghostly vision. I promised Mr. Adams to | say nothing about it — not that we believed in ' ghost, either of us— hut for the hotel's sake ; aod I weut my way to Europe after a few days, and remained there some years On my return I simoly passed through New York, and had almost forgotten the whole affair. After several years' residence in America again, and after travelling Ibe whole length and breadth of our country twice, it is quite natural to suppose that I should have forgotten all about it. One day I was writing a very lively, sprightly letter and feeling ia particularly good spirits, when all at once I pushed aside that lette , and drawing other paper toward me, wrote out a simple history of that affair, just as it waa, and maile i it to the New York Sun They took only time to verify what they could of the story, and published it. It made eousiderable stir, and leporters visited the room aild interviewed I Mr. Adams, who admitted all that" is here told, and also adued that he felt positive tnac I was perfectly sincete and honest, and ft pat- ticula: iy leve-headed person,8 and hot "Oife given to any of the fallacies ot IpiritUalifem, and that he did not doubV'thatl saw every thing I said. He had had onepytnvo persona who desired to leave that roodfj" bift ue'md not know why. He would not ne afraid to i sleep there, but never had done so. Then j several persons who had occupied ikafcroom began to be heard from, all relating different experiences, though none had seen what I had. A Catholic priest published an article relating to it, and accounting for it all by saying that he believed that the man had been murdered, and that the assassin waa still living ; and that, as a punishment for bis crime, he was obliged to enact it every night in spirit while asleep, and that it was a well-known fact that one mind had in fiuenoe over another to a certain extent, and that his mind during its free moments had forced mine to behold the trageiy. An English sea-captain also published his experience while occupying that room. He had been playing cards with a friend, and while at the little table there came an invisible shower of apparently heavy articles down on the table, scattering the cards right and left. Another man had had a peculiar, but not startling, experience there. Several years have passed since that time, and I had almost forgotten that I had ever written or seen anything, when about two months since the whole was brought to my mind by a strange and shocking incident. I was walking along one of the busiest streets in New York, and it was very hot, and I did not wish to get unnecessarily heated, when I became aware of an uncomfortable sensation, as if a cold hand was touching me and leading me forward. A few steps farther took me toward a ladv of graceful mien and figure, who wa3 standing by ths side of a gentleman whose face and figure seemed strangely familiar to mo. I caught his look, which was fixed upon me, and he drew his lips back in an attempt to smile, which was so ghastly a sight that all who saw it shud dered, and then he fell to the ground dead. Of course everything was done that eoul$ | be done to restore him, but uselessly, and this doctor said he died in a fit. I was the only other woman present, and as such I felt it a duty to stay by the woman, who seemed to j be stricken with a pallor of death, though sho did not faint or cry when they said he wai j dead. I took her hand and asked her if she waB able to give orders, and asked what coul be done for her. She replied wearily but simply, Nothing.' She would have the body J taken to an undertaker's and buried from there, and then she would go home. I turned to go, and gave her my car3, Baying that I should be but too happy to be of service, and started out ; but as my eyee fell opon the face of the dead man, I saw, with a shock that I fear I shall never forget, - that it was the murderer of my vision without any shadow of doubt. The next day brought me a package by post, in which were a pack of cards and a bwj of paper on which was written :— 4 It is all I over now, and the unhappy sight you wdre forced to witness has wrought its result The man you eaw die yesterday slew his half- brother for a fancied wrong, the pretext of ft quarrel at cards being a subterfuge. As so0|t as my husband knew that his brother haft j not supplanted him in his father's affection#, I be became the viotim of a remorse as terrible I as imagination could paint. His father 1 became almost a maniac when he heard qf hia younger son's supposed suioide, and as | my husband dared not own himself a mur derer to that poor old father, he suffered sodh tortures as you can imagine. He was a map I of powerful will, and could control hims&f; 1 « i _ . „ LaX n „ maam n » Ka n?nlllf4 flIAAfi wnne awaae ; uusi awi t»a ri it seamed a3 if his will escaped from his body aod seemed to fly through space, and no j matter where we were — and we traveller I everywhere—he would return in spirit to that I fatal room. He told me all, and I loved him well enough to love him still and to pity him infinitely ; and of all he ever b»w, you and. I on8 other womato were all to whom he could ever sho v the tragedy plainly. He has told j me that sometimes in his baffled rage toe would long to be there in body to be able t»- kill the sleeper. This other woman died, and- j at last you mads public what convinced tha father that his beloved ron had mot been guilty of self-destruction, bat he never 1 dreamed of suspecting his elder son, bo thai he died content. We were on our way ta\ j Savannah, where we both were born. I soil - you this to thank you, and ask yon to publish j it as a true story, which may work good', among passionate ones who let unreaso9lP8 .auger and suspicion have their sway. Yolt will not sea me again. Before yon reoMvp. this I shall have joined my dear husbaads Perhaps God will be merciful to him in pity for his suffering. Good-bye.' That was all ; no address, no name. The papers next day recorded the death of ail unknown woman at a lodging-house. She was buried from the money found on bar - person. At the same tiine the corpse-of the strange man was also buried by the under . taker. It was a sad and unsatisfaotmy Aa Alt a flinmilov mtrfifarV. in trhlfUl T CUUlUg W tuw ouigww l U t — M— was unwillingly made an actor. If anyone can explain bow each & thing could be, I should be glad to know It. In meantime, I assure such persons as mayread thU thai- every ward written in this story ia acta ally true, as far as I am concerned and as for the rest, I believe it, though I cadol.. understand if, — OLIVE HABPEB, 1U I/CTfOW 