A GHOST MYSTERY SOLVED. State schools and Y.M.O.A. lootaros have cauiodthevery general adoption of oldMarley's assertion that a spectre " may be merely a bit of undigested potato." Still, though the white-sheeted bogie is laughed to scorn in tho daytime, there are many impressionable people, mostly women, who expxrienoe a "creepy" eensation at any unwonted apparition in tbo lonely night hoars. Even when a dog howle " there may bo something in it," remarks these nltra-spiritualistio individuals. Within tbe past few weeks several young ladies have boon considerably atartUd, when walking along tba streets of an intensoiy respectable eastern suburb at night time, by suddenly encountering tbe figure of a man wearing a slouch bat and lout? blaok overoowt, with tbo oollar turnod up. Tbe figure would appear suddenly, cross their path noiselessly, and before tbe girls had recovered from their first alarm, it bad become lost in tho shadows of trees and shrubs of tho ffardonsio front of tbo houoes in tbe street. Perhaps the fact of a cemetery being not far away gavo rise ti the rumor that the figure was pjasibly a ghost, Tbe girls who saw it doolared that the figure would either overtake them noiselessly, or else dart out of a right-of way, gaze Uto thtir faoos for a moment, tbon disappear. It never spoke, never baited, and its movemonts were bo swift and silent that tbe stoutest disbeliever in spiritualism folt a trauior when brought sud denly faoa to faoo wlttnt. Oao improBoion&blo; young lady in partioabr had been tho objact of the apparition's scrutiny 10 many timoi tnat at last she was afraid to go out after dark by heroolf. One evening this young lady was being ac companied home from the theatre by the gen tleman to whom she wosengsged to be married. It was about half post oioven when they left the railway station and pro ceeded to walk brUkly along the deserted slreeti homowards. Suddenly tbe lady seiztd hor ecoort's arm tightly, ex claiming " Look, thera it ia I" The gontleman jnst saw a shadowy figuro disappearing noise leariy an a right-of-way. Ho noted tbe spot, and as tbey were only a fow yards from homo, be determined to plaoo tho laly node shelter boforo unearthing the wonld-be ghost. The irtey roused her father from his slumbers, and induced Mm to go to the assistance of h«r champion, Tbo two gontlemen searched tbe right-of-way unsuccessfully, for it was very dark. Still they decided to wait a low minutes at the oorner, as tbe young man was oonfidont that tbe figaro bad not quitted tho plnco. Meanwhile, with that confidence in tbo police wbiob every householder has when ao emer gency oiiaos, no matter how ho may abuso the torco at other times, tbe lady waa on the look out for a constable. After a fawimioutoa watching the gentlemen wero almost ran into by tbo mysterious figure rapidly emerging from tho right-of- way. Tho younger seized him. and straggle ensued, daring which the myaterioas individual used bis etiok pietty freely. Even tually be was overpowered, and the polios- man arriving, the gootlsmoa wished togivo their captive in choree as a loiterer of felonious intent. Bat tbe pris&nor; then gave his name and address, from which It waa discovered that bo woe a Government employe, His explana tion of being loitering about at that hour of the night, with bin hoots thiokly padded with folt, was very confused, but as h» waa sober, and tbore was no ovidenoe of bis taaviog bur glarious implements about him, the polios- man judged it inadvisable to look him np. . ' .. The whole story has b00 abroad, aud tne young gentleman to to indignant that ue threatens summary punishment If tbe law will not aid him. 