IN A HAUNTED HOUSE Spring was coming in early. In our close Iiondon home Hilda, Gervase, and I longed for a change to the country. We chidied lone lists of advertisements daily in vain ; they were all too dear ; till one morning my brother looked np from his paper at the breakfast-table, and ex claimed : ' Here it is, girls ! An earthly paradisa And for three months rent free f He read ont the description. 'The Glass House, in Midlandahire, the property of a gentleman resident on the Contineut.' The hooBe would be let, or rather the left wing of the home would be let, rent free, for three months, to any respectable tenant whowonld undertake to care for the shnt-up rooms, reserved by the family. Rent free !' said Hilda, who, though an artist bv nrofession. like our brother Gervase, is a practical little body. ' There must be something very wrong about the place.' Shall we go to it and find ont what it is, and earn the lifelong gratitude of the gentleman on the Continent by puttingit to rights V asked Gervase. Yes, Hilda and I were wild to go. And we gave Gervase no peace until he set ont for the officeof the solicitor, whose address appeared in the advertise ment. 1 He came back in time for luncheon. 'Itisa case of ghosts,' be declared solemnly. < Ghosts ! What nonsense,' exclaimed Hilda. 'I am sure of it, by the way in which the lawyer stammered and hesitated over the business. The house belongs to Sir RufusSaxon and beam a queer name: is said, in short, to be haunted. When the lawyer heard there was ladies in the case, his long face grew longer still. He thought we onght to have a man-servant with us, as it is a very lonely place Where are we to find one ? ' I can do that,' eaid I. ' We will take nr. ..J u» U..L i _ j i -V— jni. 0— uuu. oiu uijr mw> and sister laughed at the names. That evening I paid a visit to a small house in a smaller terrace, in the vicinity of the King's Road, Chelsea. There lodged in it a working builder's foreman aod bis second wife, who had been cook iu a gentleman's family. The man, im provident, like too many of his class, had made no provision for the 'rainy day,' which had lately come upon him in the shape of a severe injury to Ins right hand. The woman, who had bestowed herself and her savings upon him in the hour of infatuation, was infatuated still, and was secretly jealous of him, of his daughter, and of all the relatives of his deceased wife. Possibly her jealousy was not always un founded, for he was good-looking, and made much of by the damsels of their acquaintance. They gladly accepted the temporary situation I had come to offer. Mrs. Mark detained me in the passage when I was leaving. ' I'm sure, Miss A., I shall be for ever gratef nl to you for thinking of us,' die said, with an apprehensive glance at the parlonr door. ' Words can't express how I'm worrited between him being out of work and them hussies that are always running after a handsome man like him. Not to speak of his sisters and his yonng married daughter who are always drop ping iu promiscns juBt to pick holes in the way I manBge. We will be at the station any day yon name, Misb, and glad and thankful shall I be to go.' Poor Eliza Mark I It really seemed cruel to smile over her troubles, as I made my wav home. Her husband who was about forty, slightly younger than she was, and gay in manner, might try her. But she had a warm, true heart, and all the elements of tragedy as well as of comedy were sheltered in that homble home at Chelsea. Some days later, onr party --of five alighted at Dnlworth station beneath a cold grey sky. The station was an un covered platform, with a box at one end where lamps and stray luggage were kept in company with a melancholy porter : who opened his eyes to stare at us, when we inquired how we were to reach The Glass House.' The station-master emerged from a small room at the other end of the plat form. He, too, seemed struck dumb by the question. x uu suouia nave oooKea xor uuixonx instead of Dulworth,' he said, at last ' The Glass House is three miles from here hy road, less than two by the field path. But, if you'll excuse me, sir,' he added, turning to Gervase, ' I wouldn't take ladies there with the' night coming on ; I wouldn't indeed. It is not a fit place for Christians to go to"; that's the truth about the house.' ' We have come down tolive In it and make it fit for Christians,' replied Gervase suppressing a laugh. If yon can get a cart for the servants and the luggage, we will walk the field way.' The station-ma8ter possessed a cart and a pony : but there was nobody to drive it, he said, except his brother. And bis brother was afflicted — in fact, was deaf and dumb; 'The very thing,' said Gervase aside to us. 'He cannot frighten John Mark and his wife by telling tales on the way.' We waited to see them of£ and then started ourselves. In the short lane after emerging from the last field, we met the cart returning. The deaf and dumb driver pointed back to the tall iron-gates of the park, and shook his head frowu- ingly. Taming batik to look, we saw him standing np in the cart to watch na M we entered. Gervase locked the gates behind us and pocketed the key. Then hestiebhea np hia long arm— he was unusually tall and thin — and unhung the hngfrrdsnging bell, setting it down under the high hedge where it would not be uaem 'We have a hamper of provisions with-&, girls,' he said ; ' for a day or two ws will .'shut out the world and its gossips, and find out the bearings of theploceforoiitselves. Eh, Kate!' 'Yes,' I answered, approvingly, 'It Would not do to let Wm M«it ' be frightened at the onset ;she might be more scared than che is at her husband's admirers,' We passed up a long end wide avenue shaded by a doable cow ofspleodid tilmu.. At its end the roadowept rounds apMlons fawn to a terrace with marble vases ; and marble steps. The vasee, tfae steps, «nd the second Eight leading to the double- maved hail door tfSfe thicldyjovmgwiwn j J »««. Biaiha, lai fit; right a dark Jafcextended into b Srood j utadaAsrutiBju 5 i The house looked like \- X'-i- J- V \- .' 'v'v; with its thick grey stone walla and its arched doors and windows. Most of the rooms were closed with shutters. A gleam ol light through the lower casement of the left wing, was the one only dement of cheerfulness in the scene. As we stood on the terrace, with the grey dusk shotting down around as, and about to turn to the honse, the gate bell (which GervaBe had silenced) rang out londly. We looked at each other. An eerie feeling crept over ma I gazed at the black lake and forest, and began to wish that Sir Bufns Saxon had never advertised for tenants for The Glass House. John Mark and hia wife came together to the door, in answer to its small bell, which we rang. They looked puzzled at seeing ns eo soon after the londsnmmonB, knowing that the great bell hnng at the park gate, Gervase detained Mrs. Mark tfl ftfinor tiai ifia Irarr in hva liand ' I have locked the gate yon see. The country lasses down here are very hand-, some : I don't think we want them in here.' 'Oh, air! No, indeed P Bald she. ' Then let them ring till they are tired.' The bell bad not rung again ; only that one mysterious peat : and we heard no more of it." Mrs. Mark soon sent in an excellent supper, and onr rooms were thoroughly well warmed by the good fires her husband made. At tea o'clock we retired ; and onr first night in a haunted honae was a night of serene and undis turbed repose. The following day was again grey and gloomy, bnt we managed to get ont be tween its showers and look about us. It was a beautiful place, in aplte of the dol- neaa and silence that overshadowed It. Towards evening the clonds cleared away giving place to a lovely moonlit night. Nothing uncanny disturbed ns through that day or through the night Gervase locked hia revolver away. Hilda laughed the ghosts to scorn. -nnxipK hi yn, piease, aw Katef It was on the second morning after breakfaet that this request came to me from Mrs. Mark. I followed her to the kitchen. Mark was in the garden digging np vegetables. She wanted to complain to me that some one had entered the previous evening, in spite of the locked gates. ' There were two of them, MIsb Kate,' sbessid, half monrnfally, half wrathfnlly, ' wrapt in long disguising cloaks, and 1 pacing np and down yonder, outside this : window. Wicked, designing creatures 1 Pounds and pounds of my savings have I i lost thro ugh Johnny'ebnsinesa misfortunes, : and I forgave it; bnt to stand by and i aee him run after 10m this la more than! a poor woman can-stand.' 'Bnt I flunk yon must be mistaken,' I returned, revolving possibilities and im possibilities. ' Nobody conld get in.' 'Miss Kate, I saw them ; I watched; them,' said she, impressively : ' the night was as light as day. When young women are that forward that they'll come dang-' ling after a handsome man at any price, it's not a locked gate that will keep 'em away. I did hope for peace here : bnt jruu dov uvn owu wicjr ubtu iuuuu win ; -ont! Two cnriona lookiog fignres it was, mincing about on the lawn there in the moonlight; the one taller than the other; and their ngly black cloakB and hoods covering their shawls and petticoats from head to heels.' I did not like it Johnny's charnu would never induce previously unknown girls to pace the damp grass on a cold spring night, however bright might be the moonbeams. Besides, how conld they get in 1 The large gates were fast, and there was absolutely no other way of entrance whatever. Evening came. I determined to watch; saying nothing, > and stole ont to the terrace. Who were thesedisguisedpeeplel The moon again shone foil In a dark bins sky, the stars were bright ; but a chili wind blew over the gloomy lake, presag ing a storm. The light from the parlour windows streamed across my path as I paced round to the sides and up and down; and, as I cameand went, I saw Gervase and Hilda reading in the warmth of the fire.. Through the uncurtained casement of the kitchen I conld see also onr ser vants : Eliza Marie was doing something ttb UK UUIIS y vUliU nmi tuuuu w ut» from a weekly newspaper they had brought from London. Suddenly I saw in the kitchen a tall, indistinct figure mnffled completely in a long black cloak. Its face was hidden under the hood. It stood behind Eliza. She started, and looked over shoulder. Then it glided towards her husband. The paper dropped from hia hand, and with an uneasy glance around he drew Ins chair nearer to hia wife, and to the fire, picked up the paper, and went on leading The figure disappeared. 'My abort-sighted eyes have played me another trick,' I said to myself, trying to reassure my beating heart. Bat, as I tarried to resume my walk, the figure stood betide me 1 Ones; In mid- ocean, the ship in which I sailed wes enveloped by an intense and terrible cold, and the sailora eaid (with truth) that an iceberg-was drawing near. Just each a mortal chill, like tike cold of the dead in their lonely graves, emanated from the object at my side ! A vault- like odonr filled theeir. I stood motion less — unable to cry, or call for Gervase— feeling only that my heart would certain ly stop beating If the figure stirred. Arid, while £ gazed, helpfesdy. the thing ins gone! . I Mandjr knew how I'gained the' home.- Ifonried something cotered with me «nd passed in as lopened the parlonr door. Bnt I said nothing to Gervase and Great gusts <of vrindfiegan to wail and moan aoroesdhe lake. Thehisnohesof die trees help w -the tenwfdiffiBd to- getter in -a fury, The alejpwet windows of onr tting-toom shookdn their frames us H an 'tmMen hqnd'weretiyiug to drive themih. - .' / . Butthe rootnwMVBtyoheerful. Sir Jtufos -Baxmiliad loftgood etoree of fad for his tenants/ Dry clnrape -of wood xnixedkri&hlbckBof; r biitat upon the hearth; anaeflamreblafodliBlf-ivqy np Ihs'daiimlmjDot1 fc Shaded flAfifc'IrtD .. j oftnjstorg As he spoke I saw the dark, shrouded figure standing behind his chair. The air became laden with that strange odour, and the deathly chill seemed to fill the room. Gervase'e eyes went round nervously, as if he expected to see something. Shuddering all over, he pulled his chair sharply farther away from the wall, and looked behind it before be Bat down again. 'How horribly cold this room has grown since -the wind rose, exclaimed Hilda. ' And what a peculiar smell ! Gervase, what, can it be 1' A second figure, draped in black, was now standing at her ads, invisible to them, bnt plainly evident to me. ' Something is wrong,' began Gervase, in a sort of perplexity. And he stopped short to heap more fnel on the fire. ' I feel as if the North Pole had come fit new no a «1«f ' InnofiAi) W1WPN W yraj uu w 1 over the blaze ' I hope the drainage is all right' ' John Mark and I will look to that to morrow,' concluded Gervase, glancing ronnd the room again. The fignres had vanished. The oppres sive odonr and the deathly chill were gona Gervase and Hilda, recovering their equanimity, began to discuss their Isketches for the Christmas book. Bnt I noticed that my brother made no farther allusion to the ' ghost.' We retired at our osual time. I expected to lie awake for hoars. Yet the moment my head touched the pillow I wbb sound asleep. In the middle of the night 1 woke suddenly as if a hand had touched me. Hilda was sleeping: onr room was a double-bedded one. I conld see her quiet face by the light of the moon as it came from behind a cloud. In the silent honse — in the shnt-np rooms of the Saxon family — I plainly heard footsteps walking to and fro. A woman's voice, low and sweet, spoke A man's deeper tones answered. Then iminn Mia ouuuu vs mum wauuig oajva weeping. And the footsteps went wear ily np and down, np and -down, until the morning dawned. And still- I said nothing of what I had seen and heard. I wanted to be more certain ; I wanted to find things out Hilda was not strong in health, either, and should not be needlessly alarmed. Iri the afternoon, while my brother and eiBter were bnsy with their pencils, I went into the dosed rooms to look about ma The walls were mostly of black oak, exquisitely carved. Some of the npper chambers had tapestry hang ings ; in the lower apartments were spindle-legged chairs, tables, and sofas ; with Japanese cabinets of cations china, worth lis weight in gold in these aesthetic days. No tenant, as we afterwards heard, no csrotafcer, no servant conld be induced to i remain there. And so the tapestry . hangings, the velvet curtains, the em- ; broidered covering of chairs, tables and \ sofas, were slowly fading and mouldering away -for want of care. I crossed s great banqueting hall, with a punted ceiling and a musician's gallery suspended from the walL Open- ing tan arched door, beneath this -gallery, I found myself in a vaulted corridor, lighted from above by -skylights, and hnng with the portraits -of the Saxon- family ; from the Sir RibhardLof Henry the Seventh's day < (who bnilt the grand 'glass staircase,' that gave the honBe- its name), down to the Sir Rufns of onr' presrtitrfeme: They were a handsome, statffiy race ; fur, withblae eyes and gold&hairv; as beseemed their name. Bnt at the lower end- of thfe' corridor; faring the door, I came npon two por traits in a double frame, placed quite apart from the rest, and utterly unlike them. A lovely woman attired in the garb of a nun, with sorrow and heart-, break looking out from her beantifnl dark grey eyes. And a tall, stalwart man of thirty, dark as a Spaniard, wear ing the armour of a knight. His large dark eyes were bent upon the lady, his face was sad and a tern, clouded with the disappointment of a restless and unsatis fied heart. On. a double shield above the portraits were carved the names, < Sir Raphael and Lady Aloysia Saxon.' While a single shield below the frame bore, in raised black letters, the strange and terrible legend : ' Doomed, but Together.' I conld hear tbe roar of the wind among the trees beyond the lake. A heavy tain came beating down npon the skylight roof Yet still I stood there, gazing at the picture. The gallery dark ened, and the colouring of the pictures grew obscure. Suddenly a sensation as of great fear came over me, and I made haste to depart. In crossing the ban queting hall, on my way back to the western wing, I turned to glance np at the music gallery, though I knew not why. It was no longer empty. The two figures stood there, a doll, strange light shining around them. In its gleam aa the long dark garments floated aside, I tbought 1 saw the-dmaing of armour, and the white wimple and- bfack vril af a inun. Dinner was ready -frrthe pariomr And" jafter dinner,G«rvase and Hilda, wishing, theycotdd tirown the' arise of the storm tthat was raog' ontride, again opened : their beloved 'sketchbooks. I left them .to"itL' Mrs." Mark' passed me in the hall, with abeamiug face. ' No-fear'of them hnsmesthis evening; I'm glad to say, Miss Sate;'- she remark- ed.. 'Even for my Johnny, they'd not come rtoqiering about here znch night as this,' when the wind's howling like mad. - I can-give my mind-to his reading without vrottiting myself about them.' . ' 'Of conrsEyou can.' UnabliTio rest, I had 'come out to wander uneasily xabout the spacious hall, wondering what ought to be done; and at birid obme of it By> an d by, I took Gerva8e'a thick plaid from the tand, and potting it on, over my own waterproof, let myself silently ont at the porch door, which , was not the large 'entrance door; and Btood on the terrace, in the storm. The sweep of cold freah : air aod the steady rainfall calmed my nerves andcooled .my brain. I began'to hope, almost to think, that thehriftifjrha) Ihadseen wasbut im agination ; I felt glad that I had kept my own counsel 4hbs fan If these were really only foolish and superstitious finch jakGemse" and Hlldawere hfenlngto do,and ImBant' %a jBiMaflsff mwM fagBafliy Jilt! S!> ys..i;.v -.'I \- My -eyas were bent npon the ground as bating this question. On the very first step of the porch, the Icy cold, the death ly odonr enveloped me like a garment Looking np, I saw the two dark figures facing me, within reach of my.hand ; and I knew them for the doomed pair. Tbe cloaks seemed to fall back. I saw the glistening armonr of the knight ; I saw the pmple robe of the nnn, a bleeding heart; surrounded by golden rays, em broidered on its breast £ saw them by the palest, strangest light that ever shone on mortal eyes. The porch was dark. No ray from kitchen or parlonr. windows could shine npon this part of tbe terrace. Those un earthly faces ware revealed at last; and were those I had admired in the painting, the stem, brave, handsome knightfa, the sweet and lovely one of the nnn ; bnt alas ! as they looked at me here they were the faces of the dead. Bnt a RBpnn/1 me if. nAQmnd and thev were gone;. the fignres and the pale light had vanished. How I got in I know not. I managed to open the par lonr door quietly, and beckon to Gervase. He came ont, one of the wax lights in his hand. ' Why, what is the matter with yon, Katef he asked. ' Yon look white and scared. Yon are trembling. ' Gervase ! Come with me, before Hilda misses us. I want yon to tell me whether I am awake or dreaming, mad or sane.' Grasping his arm for protection, I led him to the picture gallery, and held the candle up in silence before the two por traits. ' Sir Raphael and lady Aloysia, Saxon,' read GervaBe. ' And what iB this below! "Doomed, bnt Together." What on earth can that mean, Kate f 'I know not. I dare not attempt to gness,' I answered. And there, standing before the picture, I told him all Of conme no one will be surprised to hear that he heard it with the most entire and mortifying incrednlity. We went back to -the banqueting hail ; uivu iw VHI ouvuii) vjim opotin. A pun light; the light I had' seen before, shone in the mnmc gallery. ' Hallo! what's that f cried Gervase. ' A light, np there 1' What is the light; Gervase ! What iait likef ' I don't know ; I never saw anything the least like it,' he answered with, hesi tation. ' Come awBy, come away, Kate !' he went on in an1 altered tone. ' For heaven'e sake don't look up there 1' I did look; I was already looking. The two figures stood there with their dead facee. 'Come away !' repeated Gervase, throwing his arm around my waist. The candle dropped from my trembling hand, and was extinguished in the fall ; the terror, suppressed before, was shaking me now. In an agony I clang to him and hid my eyes upon his arm. ' Bear np, Katie ; don't faint ; I can find the door !' he eaid, bravely. Bat I conld hear the beating of hia heart, as he felt his way through the black darkness of the room. 'Kate! Gervase !' cried Hilda's voice outride, as he laid his hand npon the door. 1 Why do yon not answer me ! Yon must know £ am frightened, knock- ing for yon here in the dark.' We are here, all right : the candle is out,' Bald Gervase, nn&stening; the door, and throwing it open. ' There's no thing to be frightened at, Hilda. Don't look up.1 ' In his agitation he spoke the warning unthinkingly, as Hilda pushed past ns into the room. ' Don't look np !' she repeated in a puzzled tone ; and naturally, woman-like, the veryinjanction caused her to look. Hie next instant she ecreamed, and fell fainting into Gervase 'a arms. The scream brought forward Mrs Mark. Her voice was heard, energetically asking it any thing was amiss. 'No,' shouted .Gervase. 'Keep the door open We are coming.' fiat Mrs. Mark; influenced by her ruling passion, conld only come to one conclusion — that some of her husband's new admirers had gained entrance to the closed apartments. Nothing would have kept her back. As she came cashing through the long drawing-room with her candle, and we walked forward, a cold wind seemed to press ns from the open door of the banqueting hall. And be- tween ns and onr irate housekeeper appeared the two dark, shrouded forms. ' ' Why, there they are, ma'am ! There they are, sir, just aa I saw 'em, the two together, strolling afore onr window on the grass-plat Well, if this don't beat all for impudence that I ever did aee ! Miss Kate——' The dark figures tamed to her, no longer dark. The ghastly light was shining around them, illuminating the steel of ihe armonr, the robes of the nnn, and the too deadfaces. With a more terrible scream than Hilda had given, Mrs. Mark backed a pace ; fascinated by the eight; she was unable to torn and flee. Her rnbicnnd face became deadly white, then changed to a dull yellow. '-What doesit mean f rim-gasped. The "taller of the figures stretched forth -his mailed-- arm, bis. skeleton hand, . towards the doorWith a commanding ges ture. ' Depart; and trouble us no more.' Any way Gervase eo nnderatood it. ' Yea, and'withont delay,' he said as we got back, all ilfehfeap. to the parlour. Nobody thought of sleep that, night. -By; eight o'clockrthe next morning all things were packed, and Mrs; Mark look ing very- pale and 'enbdnfed -made coffee for-us in the honse for the last time. -Her husband had gone betimes to bring a cart and a fly to cany ns away. ' I knew you'd not stay there long, sir,' observed the station-master to GervaBe, when hB was totting the tickets to return to-town. ' Lots of people have tried it, bat they-- aU . fly -awey again.' I was with GervH8e when he went to deliver np the key to the solicitor who had let him the honse. .That gentleman listened to oor report in rilence. \- 'Well,' said heat last, 1 am glad yon are safely out of it' ' Why do yon let -it to anybody!' asked Gervase. By direction of Sir Rufns Saxon. He.has an idea— it is a tradition; I be lieve1 — that a stranger can, and some time will, break the spell that lies over |ti; I am fold riso; I expect with tenth, 'that for montbB together nothing wrong the figures— jnst ns on describe them — appMr fom-timewgain/ ;> . : ' Whait was ths erime— if it -was crime — that doomed them to walk in this way, rir !' I put in. The lawyer shook his head. ' I do not righly know, yonng lady. Rnmonre have certainly reached me : in fact, Sir RufuB has said a word or two In confi dence; bnt the hononr of a noble knightly family, otherwise irreproachable, seals my lips.' 