HERBERT SPENCER'S 'ECCLE- SIASTICAL INSTITUTIONS.' RELIGIOUS RETROSPECT AND PROSPECT* Unlike the ordinary consciousness, the religious consciousness is concerned with that which lies beyond the sphere of sense. A brute thinks only of things which can be touched, seen, heard, tasted, &c.; ; and the like is true of the untaught child, the deaf mute, and the lowest savage. But the developing man has thoughts about exis tences which he regards as usually inaudible, intangible, invisible, and yet which he regards as operative upon him. What sug gests this notion of agencies transcending perception ? How do these ideas concerning the supernatural evolve out of ideas con cernint; the natural ? The transition cannot be sudden ; and an account of the genesis of religion must begin by describing the steps through which the transition takes place. The ghost theory exhibits these steps quite clearly. We are shown that the mental dif ferentiation of invisible and intangible beings from visible and tangible beings progresses slowly and unobtrusively. In the fact that the other-self, supposed to wander in dreams, is believed to have actually done and seen whatever was dreamed — in the fact that the other-self when going away a death, but expected presently to return, is conceived as a double equally material with the original, we see that the supernatural agent in its primi tive form diverges very little from the natural agent — is simply the original man with some added powers of going about secretly and doing good or evil. And the fact that when the double of the dead man ceases to be dreamed about by those who knew him — his non-appearance in dreams is held to imply that he is finally dead— shows that these earliest supernatural agents have but a tem porary existence ; the first tendencies to a permanent consciousness of the supernatural prove abortive. In many cases no higher degree of differen tiation is reached. The ghost population, recruited by deaths on the one side, but o n the other side losing its members as they cease to be recollected and dreamed about, does not increase, and no individuals in cluded in it come to be recognised through successive generations as established super natural powers. Thus the Unkulunkulu, or old-old one, of the Zulus, the father of the race, is regarded as finally or completely dead, and there is propitiation only of ghosts of more recent date. But where circumstances favour the continuance of sacrifices at graves, witnessed by members of each new genera tion, who are told about the dead, and transmit the tradition, there eventually arises the conception of a permanently existing ghost or spirit. A more marked contrast in thought between supernatural beings and natural beings is thus established. There simultaneously results a great increase in the number of these supposed supernatural beings, since the aggregate of them is now continually added to, and there is a strengthening tendency to think of them as everywhere around, and as causing all un usual occurrences. Differences among the ascribed powers of ghosts soon arise. They naturally follow from the observed differences among the powers of the living individuals. Hence it results that while the propitiations of ordi nary ghosts are made only by their descen dants, it comes occasionally to be thought prudent to propitiate also the ghosts of the more dreaded individuals, even though they have 'no claims of blood. Quite early there thus begin those grades . of supernatural beings which eventually become so strongly marked. Habitual wars, which more than all other causes initiate these first differentiations, so on to initiate further and more decided ones. For with those compoundings of small social aggregates into greater ones, and recom pounding of these into still greater, which war effects, there, of course, with the multi plying gradations of power among living men, arises the conception of multiplying gradations of power among their ghosts. Thus in course of time are formed the con ceptions of the great ghosts or gods, the more numerous secondary ghosts or demi gods, and so on) downwards— a pantheon there being still, however, no essential dis tinction of kind, as we see in the calling of ordinary ghosts manes-gods by the Romans and elohim by the Hebrews. Moreover, re peating as the other life in the other world does, the life in this world, in its needs, occu pations, and social organization, there arises not only a differentiation of grades among supernatural beings in respect of their powers, but also in respect of their sharacters and kinds of activity. There come to be local gods, and gods reigning over this or that order of phenomena ; there come to be good and evil spirits of various qualities; and where there has been by conquest a superposing of societies one upon another, each having its own system of ghost-derived beliefs, there results an involved combina tion of such beliefs, constituting a mythology. Of course ghosts primarily being doubles like the originals in all things, and gods (when not the living members of a conquer ing race) being doubles of the more powerful men, it results 'that they, too, are originally no less human than ordinary ghosts in their physical characters, their passions, and their intelligences. like the donbles of the ordinary dead, they are supposed to con sume the flesh, blood, bread, wine given to them— at first literally, and later in a more spiritual way by consuming the essences of them. They not only appear as visible and tangible persons, but they enter into con flicts with men, are wounded, suffer pain, the sole distinction being that they have miraculous powers of healing and conse quent immortality. Here, indeed, there needs a qualification ; for not only do various peoples hold that the gods die a first death (as naturally happens where they are the members of a conquering race, called gods because of their superiority), but, as in the case of Pan, it is supposed, even among the cultured, that there is a second and final death of a god, like that second and final death of a ghost supposed among existing savages. With advancing civilization the divergence; of the supernatural being from the natnral being becomes more decided. There is nothing to check the gradual dematerialization of the ghost and of the god ; and this dematerialization ia insensibly furthered in the effort to reach consistent ideas of supernatural action— the god ceases to be tangible, and later he ceases to be visible or audible. Along with this differentiation of physical attri butes from those of humanity, there goes on more slowly the differentiation of mental attributes. The god of the savage, represented as having intelligence scarcely if at all greater than that of the living man, is deluded with ease. Even the gods of the semi-civilized are deceived, make mistakes, repent of their plans, and only in course of time does there arise the conception of unlimited vision and universal know ledge. The emotional nature simultaneously undergoes a parallel transformation. The grosser passions, originally conspicuous and carefully ministered to by devotees, gradually fade, leaving only the passions less related to corporeal satisfactions ; and eventually these, too, become partially de humanised* These ascribed characters of deities are continually adapted and readapted to the needs of the social state. Daring the mili tant phase of activity the chief god is con ceived as holding insubordination the greatest crime, as implacable in anger, as merciless in punishment; and any alleged attributes of a milder kind occupy but small space in the social consciousness. But where militancy declines and the harsh despotic form of government appropriate to it is gradually qualified by the form appropriate to indus trialism, the foreground of the religions con sciousness is increasingly filled with those ascribed traits of the divine nature which are congruous with the ethics of peace— divine love, divine forgiveness, divine mercy, are now .the. characteristics enlarged upon. To perceive clearly the effects of mental progress and changing social life, thus stated in the abstract, we must glance at them in ihe concrete. If, without foregone conclu sions, we contemplate the traditions, records and monuments of the Egyptians, we see that out of their primitive ideas of gods, brute or human, there were evolved spiritua lized ideas of gods, and finally of a god until the priesthoods of later times, repudiating the earlier ideas, described them as corrup tions, being swayed by the universal ten dency to regard the first state as the highest —a tendency traceable down to the theories of existing theologians and mythologists. Again, if putting aside speculations and not asking what historical value the ' Iliad' may have, we take it simply as indicating the early Greek notion of Zeus, and compare this with the notion contained in the Platonic dialogues, we see that Greek civili zation had greatly modified (in the better minds at least) the purely anthropomorphic conception of him, the lower human attri butes being dropped and the higher ones transfigured. Similarly, if we contrast the Hebrew God described in primitive tradi tions, manlike in appearance, appetites, and emotions, with the Hebrew God as charac terized by the prophets, there is shown a widening range of power along with a nature increasingly remote from that of man. And on passing to the conceptions of him which are now entertained, we are made aware of an extreme transfiguration. By a convenient obliviousness, a deity who in early times is represented as hardening men's hearts so that they may commit punishable acts, and as employing a lying spirit to deceive them, comes to be mostly thought of as an embody ment of virtues transcending the highest w can imagine. Thus, recognising the fact that in the primitive human mind there exists neither religious idea nor religious sentiment, we find that in the course of social evolution and the evolution of intelligence accompanying it, there are generated both the ideas and sentiments which we distinguish as religious ; and that through a process of causation clearly traceable they traverse those stages which have brought them among civilized races to their present forms. And now what may we infer will be the evolution of religious ideas and sentiments throughout the future ? On the one hand, it is irrational to suppose that the changes which have brought the religious conscious ness to its present form will suddenly cease. On the other hand, it is irrational to suppose that the religious consciousness, naturally generated as we have seen, will disappear, and leave an unfilled gap. Manifestly it must undergo further changes ; and, however much changed, it must continue to exist. What, then, are the transformations to be expected ? If we reduce the process above delineated to its lowest terms we shall sea our way to an answer. As pointed out in 'First Principles,' sec tion 96, evolution is throughout its course habitually modified by that dissolution which eventually undoes it, the changes which become manifest being usually but the diffe rential results of opposing tendencies towards integration and disintegration. Rightly to understand the genesis and decay of religious systems, and the probable future of those now existing, we must take this truth into account. During those earlier changes by which there is created a hierarchy of gods, demi gods, manes gods, and spirits of various kinds and ranks, evolution goes on with but little qualification. The consolidated mytho logy produced, while growing in the mass of supernatural beings composing it, assumes increased definiteness in the arrange ment of its parts and the attributes of its members. But the antagonist Disso lution eventually gains predominance. The spreading recognition of natural causation conflicts with this mythological evolution, and insensibly weakens those of its beliefs which are most at variance with advancing knowledge. Demons and the secondary divinities presiding over divisions of nature become less thought of as the phenomena ascribed to them are more commonly ob served to follow a constant order, and hence these minor components of the mythology slowly dissolve away. At the same time, with growing supremacy of the great god heading the hierarchy, there goes increasing ascription to him of actions which were before distributed among numerous super natural beings : there is integration of power. While in proportion as there arises the con sequent conception of an omnipotent and omnipresent deity, there is a gradual fading of his alleged human attributes ; dissolution begins to affect the supreme personality in respect of ascribed form and nature. Already, as we have seen, this process has in the more advanced Societies, and especially among their higher members, gone to the ex tent of merging all minor supernatural powers in one supernatural power; and already this one supernatural power has, by what Mr. Fiske aptly calls deanthropomor- phization, lost the grosser attributes of humanity. If things hereafter are to follow the same, general course as heretofore, we must infer that this dropping of human attri bute will continue. Let us ask what positive changes are hence to be expected. Two factors must unite in producing them. There is the development of those higher sentiments which no longer tolerate the ascription of inferior sentiments to a divinity; and there is the intellectual development which causes dissatisfaction with the crude interpretations previously accepted. Of course, in pointing out the effects of these factors, I must name some which are fami liar ; but it is needful to glance at these along with others. The cruelty of a Fijian god who, repre sented as devouring the souls of the dead, may be supposed to inflict torture during the process, is small compared with the cruelty of a god who condemns men to tortures which are eternal ; and the ascription of this cruelty, though habitual in ecclesiastical formulas, occasionally occurring in sermons, and still sometimes pictorially illustrated, is becoming so intolerable to the better-natured that while some theologians distinctly deny it, others quietly drop it out of their teach ings. Clearly this change cannot cease until the beliefs in hell and damnation disappear. Disappearance of them will be aided by an increasing repugnance to injustice. The visiting on Adam's descendants through hun dreds of generations dreadful penalties for a small transgression which they did not com mit, the damning of all men who do not avail themselves of an alleged mode of ob taining forgiveness which most men have never heard of, and the effecting a recon ciliation by sacrifice of one who waa perfectly innocent are modes of action which, ascribed to a human ruler, would call forth expres sions of abhorrence ; and the ascription of them to the ultimate cause of things, even now felt to be full of difficulties, must become impossible. So, too, must die out the belief that a power present in innume rable worlds throughout infinite space, and who during millions of years of the earth's earlier existence needed no honouring by its inhabitants, should be seized with a craving for praise ; and having created mankind, shonld be angry with them if they do not per petually tell him how great he i8. Men will by-and-by refuse to imply a taait of character which is the reverse of worshipful. Similarly with the logical incongruities more and more conspicuous to growing intel ligence, passing over the familiar difficulties that sundry of the implied divine traits are in contradiction with the divine attributes otherwise ascribed — that a god who repents of what he has done must be lacking either in power or in foresight ; that his anger presupposes an occurrence which nas been contrary to intention, and so indi cates defect of means, we come to the deeper difficulty that such emotions, in com mon with all emotions, can exist only in a consciousness which is limited. Every emotion has its antecedent ideas, and ante cedent ideas are habitually supposed to occur in God. He is represented as seeing and bearing this or the other, and as being emotionally affected thereby, lhat is to say, the conception of a divinity possessing these traits of character necessarily continues anthropomorphic, not only in the sense that the emotions ascribed are like those of human beings, but also in the sense that they form parts of a consciousness which, like the human consciousness, is formed of successive states. And snch a conception of the divine consciousness is irreconcilable both with the nnchangeableness otherwise alleged, and with the omniscience otherwise alleged. For a consciousness constituted of ideas and feelings caused by objects and occurrences cannot be simultaneously occupied with all objectB and all occurrences throughout the universe. To believe in a divine conscious ness, men must refrain from thinking what is meant by consciousness— must stop short with verbal propositions ; and propositions which they are debarred from rendering into thoughts will more and more fail to satisfy them. Of course like difficulties present themselves when the Will of God is spoken of. So long as we refrain from giving a definite meaning to the word Will we may say that it is possessed by the Cause of All Things as readily as we may say that love of approbation is possessed by a circle ; but when from the words we pass to the thoughts they stand for we find that we can no more unite in consciousness the terms of the one proposition than we can those of the other. Whoever conceives any other will than hi3 own must do so in terms of his own will, which is the sole will directly known to him, all other wills being only inferred. But will as each is conscious of it presupposes a motive, a prompting desire of some kind — absolute indifference excludes the conception of will. Moreover, will, as implying a prompting desire, connotes some end con templated as one to be achieved, and ceases with the achievement of it, some other will, referring to some other end, taking its place. That is to say, will, like emotion, necessarily supposes a series of states of consciousness. The conception of a divine will, derived from that of the human will, involves, like it, localization in space and time : the willing of each end, excluding from consciousness for an interval the willing of other ends, and therefore being inconsistent with that omnipresent activity which simultaneously works out an infinity of ends. It is the same with the ascription of intelligence. Not to dwell on the seriality and limitation implied as before we may note that intelligence, as alone conceivable by us, presupposes existences independent of it and obvective to it It is carried on in terms of changes primarily wrought by alien activities— the impressions generated by things beyond con sciousness, and the ideas derived from such impressions. To speak of an intelligence which exists in the absence of all such alien activi ties is to use a meaningless word. If to the corollary that the First Cause, considered as intelligent, must be continually affected by independent objective activities, it is replied that these have become such by act of crea tion, and were previously included in the First Cause ; then the reply is that in such case the First Cause could, before this 'crea tion, have had nothing to generate in it such changes' as those constituting what we call intelligence, and must therefore have been unintelligent at the time when intelligence was most called for. Hence it is clear that the intelligence ascribed answers in no re spect to that which we know by the name. Itfla intelligence out of which all the charac ters constituting it have vanished. These and other difficulties, some of which are often discussed but never disposed of, must force men hereafter to drop the higher anthropomorphic characters given to the First Cause, as they have long since dropped the lower. The conception which has been enlarging from the beginning must go on enlarging, until by disappearance of its limits it becomes a consciousness which transcends the forms of distinct thought, though it for ever remains a consciousness. 'But how can such a final consciousness of the Unknowable, thus tacitly alleged to be true, be reached by successive modifications of a conception which was utterly untrue? The ghost theory of the savage is baseless. The material double of a dead man in which he believes never had any existence. And if, by gradpal derinaterialisation of this doubla waa produced the conception of the super natural agent in general — if the conception of a deity, formed by the dropping of some human attributes and transfiguration of others, resulted from continuance of this process— is not the developed and purified conception reached by pushing the process to its limit, a fiction also ? Surely if the primi tive belief was absolutely false, all derived beliefs must be absolutely false.' This objection looks fatal ; and it would be fatal were its premiss valid. Unexpected as it will be to most readers, the answer here to be made is that at the outset a germ of truth waa contained in the primitive conception — the truth, namely, that the power which manifests itself in consciousness is but a . differently-conditioned form cf the power which manifests itself beyond conscious ness. Every voluntary act yields to the primitive man proof of a source of energy within him. Not that he thinks about his internal ex periences ; but in these experiences this notion lies latent. When producing motion in his limbs, and through them motion in other things, he is aware of the accompany ing feeling of effort. And this sense of effort which is the antecedent of changes directly produced by him, becomes the con ceived antecedent of changes not produced by him — furnishes him with a term of thought by which to represent the genesis of these objective changes. At first this idea of muscular force a3 antecedjng unusual events around him carries witn it the whole assem blage of associated ideas. He thinks of the implied effort as an effort exercised by a being wholly like himself. In course of time these doubles of the dead, supposed to be workers of all but the most familiar changes, are modified in conception. Besides becom ing less grossly material, some of them are developed into larger personalities presiding over classes of phenomena which, being com paratively regular in their order, foster the idea of beings who, while far more powerful than men, are less variable in their modes of action ; so that the idea of force as exercised by such beings comes to be less associated with the idea of a human ghost. Farther advances, by which minor supernatural agents become merged in one general agent, and by which the personality of this general agent is rendered vague while becoming widelyextended, tend still furtherto dissociate the notion of objective force from the force known as such in- consciousness ; and the dissociation reaches its extreme in the thoughts oi the man of science, who inter prets in terms of force not only the visible changes of sensible bodies, but; all physical changes whatever, even up to the undula tions of the ethereal medium. Nevertheless, this force (be it force under that statical form by which : matter resists, or under that dynamical form distinguished as energy) .is to the List thought of in terms of that internal energy which- he is conscious of as muscular effort. He is compelled to symbolize objective force in terms of subjective force from lack of any other symbol. See now_ the implications. That interna energy which in tin experiences of the primi tive man waa always the immediate antece dent of changes wrought by him— that energy which, when interpreting external changes, he thought of along with those attributes of a human personality connected with it in himself— is the same energy which, freed from anthropomorphic accompaniments, is now figured as the cause of all external pheno mena. The last stage reached is recognition of the truth that force, as it exists beyond consciousness, cannot be like what we know as force within conscionsness, and that yet, as either is capable of generating the other, they nmpt Iw different modes of the same. Consequently the final outcome of that speculation commenced by the primitive man is that the power manifested through put the universe, distinguished as material, is the same power which in ourselves wells up under the form of consciousness. It is untrue, then, that the foregoing argu ment proposes to evolve a true belief from a belief which was wholly false. Contrariwise, the ultimate form of the religious conscious ness is the final development of a conscious ness which at the outset contained a germ of truth obscured by multitudinous errors. Those who think that science is dissipating religions beliefs and sentiments seem un aware that whatever of mystery is taken from the old interpretation is added to the new; or rather, we may say that trans ference from the one to the other is accom panied by increase, since, for an explanation which has a seeming feasibility, it substitutes an explanation which, carrying us back only a certain distance, there leaves us in pre sence of the avowedly inexplicable. Under one of its aspects scientific progress is a gradual transfiguration of nature. Where ordinary perception saw perfect simplicity it reveals great complexity; where there seemed absolute inertness it discloses intense activity, and in what appears mere vacancy it finds a marvellous play of forces. Each generation of physicists discovers in so called 'brute matter' powers which but a few years before the most instructed physi cists would, have thought incredible; as instance the ability of a mere iron plate to take up the complicated serial vibrations produced by articulate speech, which, all translated into multitudinous and varied electrical pulses, are retranslated a thousand miles off by another iron-plate and again heard as articulate speech. When the explorer of niture sees that, quiescent as they appear, surrounding solid bodies are thus sensitive to forces which are infinitesimal in their amonsts — when the spectroscope proves to him that molecules on the earth pulsate in ' harmony with molecules in the stars — when there is forced on him the inference that every point in space thrills with an infinity of vibrations passing through it in all direc tions ; the conception to which he tends is much less that of a universe of dead matter than that of a universe everywhere alive ; alive if not in the restricted sense, still in a general sense. Thistransfiguration, which the enquiries of physicists continually increase, is aided by that other transfiguration resulting from metaphysical enquiries. Subjective analysis compels us to admit that our scientific inter pretations of the phenomena which objects present are expressed in terms of our own variously-combined sensations and ideas — are expressed, that is, in elements belonging to consciousness, which are but symbols of the something beyond consciousness. Though analvsis afterwards reinstates our primitive beliefs, to the extent of showing that behind every group of phenomenal manifestations there is always a ntxus which is the reality that remains fixed amid appearances which are variable ; yet we are shown that this nexus of reality is for ever inaccessible to consciousness. And when, once more, we remember that the activities constituting consciousness, being rigorously bounded, cannot bring in among themselves the activi ties beyond the bounds, which therefore seem unconscious, though production of either by the other seems to imply that theyare of the same essential nature ; this necessity^ we are under to think of the external energy in terms of the internal energy, gives rather a spiri tualistic than ' a materialistic aspect to the universe ; further thought, however, obliging us to recognise the truth that a conception given in phenomenal manifestations of this ultimate energy, can in no wise show us what it is. While the beliefs to which analytic science thus leads are such as do not destroy the object-matter of religion, bat simply trans figure it, science under its concrete forms enlarges the sphere for religious sentiment, from the very beginning the progress of knowledge has been accompanied by an in creasing capacity for wonder. Among savages, the lowest are the least surprised when shown remarkable products of civilized art, ceive in the grandest phenomena of Nature, that any enqairies concerning them they regard as childish trifling. This contrast in mental attitude between the lowest human beings and the higher human beings around us is paralleled by the contrasts among the grades of these higher human beings them selves. It is not the rustic, nor the artisan, nor the trader, who sees something more than a matter of course in the hatching of a chick ? but it is the biologist, who, pushing to the uttermost his analysis of vital phenomena, reaches his greatest perplexity when a speck of protoplasm under the microscope shows him life in its simplest form, and makes him feel that however he formulates its processes the actual play of forces remains unimagin able. Is either in the ordinary tourist nor in the deer-stalker climbing the mountains above him does a Highland glen arouse ideas beyond those of sport or of the picturesque, but it may, and often does, in the geologist. He, observing that the glacier-rounded rock he sits on has lost by weathering but half an inch of its surface since a- time far more remote than the beginnings of human civili zation, and then trying to conceive the slow denudation which has cut out the whole valley, has thoughts of time and of power to which they are strangers— thoughts which, already utterly inadequate to their objects, he feels to be still more futile on noting the contorted beds of gneiss around, which tell him' of a time, immeasu rably more remote, when -far-beneath the- earths surface they were in a half-melted state, and again tell him of a time, immensely exceeding this in remoteness, when their components were sand and mud on the shores of an ancient sea/ Nor is it in the primitive peoples who- suppose that the heavens rested on the mountain tops any more than in the modern inheritors of their cosmogony, who repeat that 'the heavens declare the glory of God,' that we fnnd the largest conceptions- of the universe, or the greatest amount of wonder excited by contemplation of it. Rather, it is in the astronomer, who sees in the sun a mass so vast that even into one of his spots our- earth might be plunged, without touching its edges; and who by every finer telescope is shown an increased multitude of such suns, many of them far larger. Hereafter, as heretofore, higher faculty and deeper insight will raise 'rather than lower this sentiment. At present the most power ful and most instructed intellect has neither the knowledge nor the capacity required for symbolising in thought the totality of things. Occupied with one or other. division of Nature, the man of science usually does not know enough of the other ' divisions even to rudely conceive the extent and complexity of their phenomena; and sup posing him to have adequate knowledge of each, yet he is unable to think of them as a whole. Wider and more complex intellect may hereafter help him to form a vague con sciousness of them in their totality. We may say that just as an undeveloped musical faculty, able only to appreciate a simple melody, cannot grasp the variously entangled passages and harmonies of a symphony, which in the minds of composer and con ductor are unified into involved musical effects awakening far greater feeling than is possible to the musically uncultured ; so by future more evolved intelligences the course of things now apprehensible only in parts may be apprehensible all together, with an accom panying feeling as much beyond that of the present cultured man as his feeling is beyond that of the savage. And this feeling is not likely to be de creased, but increased, by that analysis of knowledge which, while forcing him to Agnosticism, yet continually prompts him to imagine some eolation of the Great Enigma, which he knows cannot be solved. Espe cially mnst this be so when he remembers that the very notions, beginning and end, cause and purpose,- are- relative notions belonging to human thoughts, which are probably inapplicable to the Ultimate Reality transcending human thought; and when, though suspecting that Explanation is a word without meaning when applied to this Ulti mate Reality, he yet feels compelled to think there must be an explanation. But amid the mysteries which become the more mysterious the more they are thought about there will remain the one absolute certainty, that he is ever in presence of an Infinite and Eternal Energy, from which all things proceed. Herbert Spencer, 