AOTA POPTJLL ? «— ? #~ ? . . ,; .„ ? . By VKE FliANBTJB. ' To vivatl ; More joy for the favoured land % Two more distinguished arrivals havo ' arrived.' 3ir 'Enry Parkes and the small-pox are with us again. Fo? the latter, wo have buckets of car bolic and a lovely patch of quarantine ground ? for the former, a spontaneous banquet, and a very cool seat in a back pew in tho dazzling halls of our Legislative Chambers. Of fcho two, I really believe Sir 'Bnry is the more welcome, but this, of course, is a mere matter of taste. Somo persons delight in poofcry, and these will naturally hail the, arrival of Tennyson's ' pal,' the im mortal author of ' Murmurs by Shea's Creek,' with the moBt vocirerons cheers that a diet of broken pastry and tan-water tea will allow them bo fire off ; whilst, on the other hand; those who prefer pustuleB to politics (and their name is legion) will welcome the variola as a sort of eot-off to the legislator, Touching the humorous vieitor, it is a matter of congratulation to find that the authorities in power at present have profited by the stupidity and oriminal ignorance of their predecessors, and as a natural result, innfcoad of there being a univeraal scare throughout the land to-day, the plain fact is that many, perhaps over faotidiouo persons, look with more dismay on tho arrival of the hon. member for Whereat than they do of the opening of the festive small-pox season. People who sneer at tho 'faculty ' — as fcho gay young masher of his day, Mr. Petroniuo Arbiter did t?hen he declared, ' Doctors are good for nothing, but are a slight , satisfaction to the mind'— and v,'ho deprocatingly declare that the medical has made leaa strides of late than any other profession, would do well to rein up just now, and carefully take stock of the real doings of the aforesaid ' faculty' at the present moment. When thia ia done, they will suddenly wake up to the fact that they don't know anything, and after a litfclo experience they will listen more attentively to the great Preacher's wordB — '' Honor the physician for the need thou hast of him ; let him not depart from thee, for his works are necessary.' The medicine men who physicked Charles II« prescribed burnt toads, powdered worms, and divers other abominations too filthy to be even mentioned, for their King ; but I fancy the Court physician of to-day is very much in advance of the age of the Merry Monarch. Stepping over to the legal faculty, however, we find that the lead ing Solons of the present date still fall back on laws which were formed under kings who could barely make their ' mark,' and in whoso reign every man who could raiBe a clean slurb and a pair of boots was dubbed a Chief Juotice. JSrrjo : iBBCulapius is far away ahead of Lycurgus at the present juncture. The only drawback to our serene bliss just now is tho fact that nearly three weeks has been allowed to elapoe before the dread disease has boon reported. To make tho matter still worso, it bus opened up in a public house, and rumour caya a barmaid in another temple of Bacchua has, ia all probability, eerried the germB along with her to come other portion of tho doomed city. Thio, of courno, will bo nuts to that smail-beoi' Senator, Mr. Abigail, who with his customary logical roaooning will at once declare, that if there were no hotels., there would be no barmaids, and if there wora no barmaids, there couldn't possibly bo any signs of variola. However, it is highly ontisfac fcory to find that tho authorities know a trifle hotter than to attempt to wipe out the small-pox germs by boiling gold watches in car* bolio acid soup, whitfi-waBhing grand pianos, and carting patients about the city through a night air cold enough to freeze tho leg off a Solomon Islander's wooden god ; and so we'll pasB over tho pustular trouble now, and turn to the poetical, a3 represented by the crow poefe of Shea's Creek, our own divine Sir 'Enry. , JEcee itertwi Crispinus .'Again Sir 'Enry cornea as a philosopher, guide, and friend to his dear, adopted land, and already, has the fatted calf been knocked on tho head, the mustard-colourad flags sent to the steam laundry, and tho sponge ' set' for the stomach-cramping buns to be used in hon our of our doughty KnighVs arrival. Already has tho bagpipo aoundod the marshalling of the elans, and already have the faithful, shoop headed followers of Jannery John rallied round obodient to tho Grand Master's oall, and on bended knees exclaimed, 'Lord, what wouldst thou have us do to please thoe ?' And John, making answer, said, — (C Behold I come to prepare the way for my ohief, the Great Panjandrum, Sir Hal. Go, make ready a ' spontaneous banquet feast/ search the highways, and the by-ways, and the Soup Kitchen, and bring in bhe lame, and the blind, and all who are in want of a free feed, that wo may give a fitting welcome to our mighty king, for mark you, tho d'aj will come whoa ha will scatter road contracts, poet-office billets, and divoro other fat appointments throughout ths land. Then will your reward bo exceeding great, and-don't-you-xorget-it.' And the tuft-hunters, back-stair trotters, and other deadboats, making answer, said, ' Good boy, John. An old dog for a hard road. Wo will bo on hand, and the anquetfcing bis will boom, for arc we not thy creatures, humbly depending upon thy omni potent influence, and marvellous knowledge of how many boans moke five, and which way the proverbial cat cloth perform her saltatory exer cises/' 'Put it there, my free and independent electors/' cried John; 'I will bo a cabinet-maker once again, and then you shall see what you shall see — each ono for himself, and Lucifer take the hindmost.' ' It has therefore been decided by -f we,' the three Tooley-stroot tailors of this city, that Sir 'Enry be welcomed with yet another ' spontaneous banquet.' Forty-seven 'gentlemen with power to add to their number' (if they can) form the com mittee, but with the exception of Sir John Robertson's there's not a single name of impor tance amongst the whole crowd. Parliamentary know-nothings j teetotal twaddlers, calico jimmies ct lioc genus oninet and a man and architect of the name of Ryan, compose the noble band of dis eriminating patriots who arc now buoying them selves to wolcomo back as a long-looked-for saviour tho man who knows of no Q-od but Self ; whose friendship in the hour of need is the friendship of rats who clear out from a house when they find it beginning to fall ; and whose wisdom ia the wisdom of the fox who thrusts out tho unsuspecting badger who dug a hole of retreat and made room for him therein — and to make a hero of the mau who has done more to degrade the dignity of a legislator than any one else who has ever lived since the shameless days of Oleon, the tanner-demagogue of Athens. One Mr. Munro took tho chair at the ParkeB reception 'colloguing' meeting, and a very nice obedient sort of chairman he made for that particular sort of business. With a little more practice ho wouldn't make u bad interlocutor for a third-rate Christy minstrel company, especially if he had enough rehearsals to make him thoroughly acquainted with the nature of tho . questions and answers he was expected to fire of? in public. Mr. Munro was of opinion that the proposed banquet ' should have no political signi ficance whatever,' and this would havo been a most suitable proposal indeed had the word ' politioal' been omitted. The thing was far too thin, however, to fool the crafty old Knight of Olovely, who in his own rough and ready style of expression wanted to know what in thunder they wanted to banquet Sir '.Enry for at all, if it were not for political cervicos rendered to the colony, Shis rather crumpled the meeting up for a time, and tho trouble was further increased by tho jackass offioiousness of the Hon. Bob Smith, who rushed to the rescue (as ho thought), and almoBt caused tho principal oonapiratora to blush by declaring thero was nothing to fear, because, u instead of losing friends by his absence, Sir Henry Parkes had gained them.' This sounded so very like saying that ^ho farther the ox-Premier was away from us- and the longer he kept away, the better we liked him, that a very young Boyne- Water brother snickered out a big ' Ha! Ha!' and thereby thoroughly capsized any chahoe he ever had of getting a postman's billet, or a now haton next electioneering day. ? Several other apologies for daring to insult the intollingonco of tho people by in any way recognizing our great political aharlataa's arrival were then thrust forward, and finally/ the little good sense the meeting had was ' Shanghaibd,' and the motion to feed tho ghost-raiser, and damn hiai with undeserved praise' and slimy eulogy, was carried nem con. therefore, we are to have the 'spontaneous banquet racket all over again, and I am now liv ing on burgoo and ualb fish, in order to work up j an appetite aoda driulietite, that will do honour ''. to this great, this glorious occasion. Mr. Davies, I'll trouble you to paBB tho mustard. Beyond the social peace which tho country naturally onjoyod by reason of Sir 'JSnry's ad vantageous absonce, it would puzzle any ono Bxcept tho professional wire-pullers to know why the slightest notice should be taken of the politi 3al fraud's return. Ho deserted his legislative post at the most critical part of the country's 3anger, and whon the all-important question of ihe Land Bill came on, he coolly put hia parlia mentary seat into his pocket, and wont acooting liome until the trouble v/aa thoroughly settled We are told that the crafty Knight lies succeeded ;n floating a company with a large capital for the purpose of lending money on mortgage of rca estate in this oolony. With the exception )f the trifling matter of putting up Lho money, no one could bo better idapted for this high-toned pawubroking busi ness. At tho start, no one, excepting those in ihe secret, knew the real reason of Sir 'Enry's yolunlavy exile, for it is peculiar to tho ex Premier that all ho does is done with a spiral jorkgerew sort of motion which inclines one to thiak that if he ovor does enter heaven he will prefer to wriggle in by the back gate in preference bo walking through the front door. Speaking of tho Australian G.O.M., 'brilliant litlle Dan Dfiniehey' observed nearly a quarter of acontury ago, that of all tho toys kept in his (G.O.M/s) aid shop, Mr. Parkes loved most a Chinese puzzle in ivory. And then Dan rubbed hid caustic in by remarking that ' as no ono evor appreciated Mr. Parkes as a man for a Ministry, perhaps, to beguile time, ho now takes to old fancios, and indulges in a loye for politioal puzzles. But his puzzles are not aa white or as clean, though they are almost as polished, as the old toys in 'labori ous orient ivory/' How truly and keenly the little master of satire described tho character of the Groat Panjandrum of tho future. It io by no meana certain, however, that Sir 'Enry io com pletely squelchod in the world of politics yet, for he has aa many lives as a cat, and as many shifts and dodges as the craftiest dog-fox that ever fooled a hound. One might almost say of him — as Deniohey did of Slippery Oharloy — that the coffin must be well nailed, the pit sufficiently deep, and the superimposed tombstone — no matter what weight of lies are ongrayed upon io — pretty heavy that will ensure the satisfactory political sepulture of Sir 'Enry Parkes. Strange to say, tho H-less Knight's arrival has been heralded by a strange victory over tho letter H. gained by a Mr. W. Mattieu Williams, who in an article printed in the Gentleman's Maga zine haa fully proved to the satisfaction of the Oockney world that this miserable outcast oE a letter has no right in the pure English alphabet at all. Patting the matter philosophically, Mr. Williams asks— 'What is the aspirate ; is it a consonant ; iB it a vowel j is it a lottor at all properly bo called ? I maintain that it is not ; that tho let ter ' H' when usod simply to express the aspirate, has no independent existence aB a letter or vocal representative ; that tho phonetic difference be tWeen air and hair, between Arry and Harry, is merely due to a difference in tho amount of force with which the vowel sound 15 projected from the mouth, and therefore tho aspirate, or rather the degree of aspiration of the initial vowel, should bo graduatod according to the force of expression demanded ; that genteel peoplo are all wrong, and vulgar people generally are rationally and classically right.' Sir 'Enry's baneful influonco has evidently seri ously affocted the thoughtful minds of London, and, not content with easing the people of Soot land of their braw bawbees, he has actually filohed one of the letters of tho English Iangunge, Certainly no one needed the unfortunate letter more than the knight himself, but considering the hospitality with which he has been treated, he might have acted with a little more generosity to hia misguided ontertamars. Mr. Williams fur thermore remarks that tho prefixing of the lotter H is purely arbitrary, as indioatod by tho suivi' val of Buch spelling as that of ' hour, herb, honour &u.;/' and that the oxisting vulgar practice of aBpirating every vowel which requires a ' hom pbasis' was the original praotice, peculiar, per haps, to old Gave politicians, while the modern unago io a feoblo perversion of energetic English, and fit for nothing Btrongor than drawing-room dudes' vapidi ties. D'ye hear that, you scoffing scribes who when Sir 'Enry delivered his celobrated ' hora fcion' at hio last' spontaneous banquet' catno out next day, and chuckling at your own foolishness 5 observed that the fragmentary H's dropped during that memorable speech filled twelve baskets? It's tho Gr^nd Old Man's turn to place his thumb to his claBsio noao and ' windmill ' hia fingers ia derision at you now 5 and who (knows but that the day is oloao at hand when even our immortal O.M.G. will riso up in the judgment seat and cover you with , confusion by pointing out that there are 4 n's, 3 r's, and 2 e's in tho name of the first month of the year — tho month so appropriately dedicated to the two-faced god Janus, alias Patulcus or the ' opener' and Olasius or the ' shutter.' This week we'll throw Alderman John Douglas's gold-top fizz where Macbeth used to throw hia physic, viz., to the dogs, and in tin-pannikins borrowed from the Soup Kitchen for the occasion and filled to tho brim with Wosoby's ' unfermented,' drink long life to the great Sir Hal and his man Friday, ubiquitous John of spelling-bee notoriety. JE-we ! — ' Tho 'orn of tho 'untor is 'card on the 'ill, And Sir Al is the nian for old Galway still.' Wow, I go to put an edge on my teeth at the grindstone of Angus ; then to tho bloody banquet board, and, if I don't turn up next week, kindly remember that I died nobly, knife and fork in hand, with my back to the field, and my foet to the foe, and enough dried apples and buns planted behind my ' pinny' to stock the whole of the Haymarket stalls till Christmas. 