iafes aud Sketches. BOSALD WALTOS. A T'-' OF EABLY SQDATTISG LlTE IS Q0ZEK4UXD BY THE ' AUTBOB OP ADVENTURES IN QDZEKS LAKB.' Chaptee XVI. {continued.) Bonald was the first to speak. '? I thought yon said. Pet, that the tdnic bad passed this year without anything con nected with tJie horrible mystery occur ring?' *\So it has. sir— just a week. It always came at midnight ou the first of September, and this is the eighth. 1 can't wake it out.' ** Your are oi:t in you reckoning, Pet — thy* is the night of the first of September.' 'Well, I'm Mowed! I've got a week a-head, somehow. We does get out sometimes in these out-of-the-way places. Why, I've often worked a Sundays and spelled a Mondays afore this, in the bosh. P'r'aps he, jerking his head towards the corpse, '* knowed it, and that's why be set up. Dou't yon believe it now, sir ?' ** I most think over it s bit- I am un willing to believe in the supernatural. I will tell you what I think. Poor Billy committed the id order— or knew all abont it. It has preyed npon his mind till he became queer. Such terrible secrete will tell that way, you know. We talked of digging to see if we could discover anything at the foot of that tree, and his terror at the certainty of our fjnfifr^jr what the elements have revealed, may hive quite unhinged \\\\\t-, mind. \Vben the door blew open, bis fears so acted on a diseased ini™^ that he mentally saw the very man he so mnch dreaded, beckoning to liim. His running three tunes round the hat, and then towards the tree, may have been sugges ted by what we were saying not so many hours before. Then we know that both high trees and iron attract lightning, so that there is nothing wonderful in that tree being struck — as many trees are on every run in Aus tralia every year.' ?* What about tie skeleton, sir?' 'There is nothing very wonderful, either, in a skeleton being turned to the surface when such a root as that was split, and the earth heaved over by it ! The presence of the chain no doubt had a good deal to do with that particular root being split. If the chain had oeea there without the skeleton, the result would have been precisely the same.' ' Well, sir, I ain't agoing to argiefy with a scholard the likes of you, as knows such a lot about them thinga ; but I think it's true as * Murder will out —I mean,' he said, correct ing tiimagif, «* wilful murder.' At daylight they all proceeded to the fatal spot. It was a ghastly sight. The proud spreading branches of the tree were scattered over an area of fully a hundred yards in diameter. The trunk was rent and splintered to the roots ; and the skeleton, was the still fettered leg-bones, and a ballet-hole through tie left temple, lay almongst entire, on the freahly-tnrned mound of earth. Bonald picked up the decayed flint-lock pistol, and on comparing it with one belonging to poor Billy, its length, mountings, and other features corresponded. The corpse of Billy was examined next. One stream of electric fluid had entered the head at the Left temple, leaving a mark like that produced by a bullet, while others had scorched the flesh down the whole length of the body. ** We cannot do the dead any good, so we had better be stirring, and cut down some breakfast. It is not raining so hard now, and the sun is struggling to shine. I think the storm has caused a, break, and it may clear up some time to-day,*' said Ronald. They all chopped away till about ten o'clock ; let the sheep out to feed, and then went to breakfast, which consisted of very lean mutton, damper, and tea. No matter who dies, -workers nmst be fed. The large flat in front of the hut M-as a perfect Bea- A few of the wretched sheep had died in the night ; and, to add to the troubles, the ewes had begun to lamb. None of the early lambs could possibly be reared, so they were killed as soon aa they came. Ronald had faint hopes of being able to save some of the later ones, if the grass sprung sufficiently to give the mothers a little condi tion and strength to support them. One consolation remained, and that was, that with the exception of the oldest, and the weakest of the young sheep, there would be no great losses from starvation, for there would be an abundance of grass in a week, and the sbeep could be kept alive on apple trees fur that length of time. After breakfast — which was certainly not to say a hearty or comfortable one, for the terrible events »{ the previous night had spoilt naturally good appetites, and the meal was taken uudur the little open kitchen, for the rain was again falling— they dug two graves. The ground was hard and stony two feet below the surface, and the tools not being very good, it was Lite in the day ere their task was completed. Ronald had intended to leave the burials till the next day, but the remains of poor Billy Cantwell were decomposing so rapidly, that he tloemetl it necessary to hasten the last rites. Guise* qucntly, the body was decently wrapped in the blankets upon ,whieb it lay ' then placed in a Large sheet of bark stripped for the pnrpose, and lowered into the jrrave. The skeleton was also sewn up in a Man Let, and r put into its grave, minus the rust-eaten chains, which Ronald determined to keep as u. momento of the tragic occurence. A prayer book was searched for. and found where the Pet had stuck it mouths before, in a ctwicc between two of the sheets of bark coverinc the roof of the hut ; for Ada had supplied all the out-etatuma with both serions and light literature, as eooa «s she h^mm* mi****^ «s BooFooma. The former was either stowed away quietly, or converted into pipe- lights ; and the latter, after it had been thumbed over for a time, was either pasted on the walls of the huts, or jammed between the slabs to keep the cold winds out during the winter. Ronald read the burial service between the two graves, which were then filled in. One of the men caught his hot-Be and he rode towards home, carrying the chain with him. That evening, when all the men were as sembled in thehut after tea, the conversation naturally turned on the sad events that had so recently transpired. 'The master wasn't convinced,' said the Pet, ' with all the proof he had. Hell try and find out all about it though.' 41 Hell never find it out then ! and he must be a thunderin unbelieving Jew, if he don't lielieve !' exclaimed one of tbe men. ' I'm glad he took them chains away. I wonder how the missus H like 'em at head station ?' said the Pet. //«? ain't afraid of ' I shouldn't wonder if they rattled every firet of September. The missus 11 Boon get rid of 'em if they do,' said Hal. 14 No, I don't Uiink they'll rattle no more,' replied the Pet, with an authorative air. ' 'Cause why, when a murder's found out, and the murderer's dead, and prayers is read over and the murdered man's bones, the ghost doesn't show up again. Fve beard of man sich stories, and they all ended the same way. Murder will out — leastways, wilful murder— and when there's no chance of the Law a takin bolt of the murderer, why tbe ghost just takes the th*ng into its own hands and worries the cove to death, like a bull -dog.' 'Well,' objected Hal, 'but you don't mean for to say as the ghost brought the light ning to kill poor BiUy T' ?? P'r'aps I don't,' said the Pet, slightly nettled at Hal's doubt, and thumping his knee with his big fist ; «? bat the ghost might have knowM just the time when the lightning was coming — migbtnt he ? Some ghosts is precious knowin', and knows more than they let on. That's my belief, HaL' Hal thought a bit, and as the Pet was con siderable '* knowledgeable' on such knotty points, he dropped that jiart of the subject, ' Don't you think it was ttad burying the two so close together? Don't believe they'll agree there, nohow.' He delivered the above very seriously, and Looked troubled. The Pet replied authorita tively^ *' ^o, Hal. They're down for good now. Yon see prayers was read — between the two graves, too.' ' WeLL, may be you're right, Pet, replied Hal, somewhat re-assured, 'but if they do have a go in, I hope they'll have it out under 