WINNING A WIFE AND A STEEPLECHASE. (Continued.) Shortly after-beakfast the.naxt morning I accompanied'my host rounidhis very ex tensive block of buildings, whilst he pointed out the improvements made since he had becominthe posessor of theproperty. Our last visit was to the stable, and after I had admired his stud, which consisted of three useful looking homes of a racing appearance, two of which were entered for some local events, I asked my host to finish his story. Having lit our pipes we found a seat and he commenced "'I stayed at Tambo about a fortnight, said he, 'before I had the ghost of aline fromLiazie, and I was beginning to think I had better clear out when one day, one of the boundary riders rode into Tambo, found me out, and handed me a note in writing.' I am almost ashamed to say how many times I kissed it before I opened it, because it sounds stupid to anybody that wasn't as far gone as I.was. When I read' it, I found it simply directed me to come back to the station and ask for a settlement, when further instruction as to my behavior would be given me. I told the stockman it was nothing very important, shbouted for him, and he departed. The next morning I rode over to Mutalla' and went into the house as bold as brass-? may as well mention that a certain young lady had met me on the road, and had told me what to do and say. It appears the old man had been very miser able since I had been away; he had missed his usual game of cribbage very much since my depature; and his daughter, who used to go about the house singing like a nightin gale, had .confined herself to' her room as much as she could ever since my absence. The hands on the station must have had a very rough time of it for a fortnight, and everything seemed to go wrong, the usual result when a man is continually out of tem per. Matters having attained a certain pitch, my dear girl had thought it advisable for me to appear, under the impression that I should be asked to resume my duties under certain restrictions. 'Good morning,' said old Warley as 'I entered-'spent all your money. I suppose, and want a cheque, eh i' ' 'I don't think "you have any right to make such a remark,' replied I quietly. ' You at least have no reason to complain, -I earned it-nor to question my right to spend it how 1 like.' The old fellow looked at me very hard, drew a chair to his desk, and pulled out his cheque book. 'There is sixty-two pounds due you,' he said; 'shall I make the cheque an opon one?' 'If yon please,' said I, and filling up the cheque he handed it to me, leaned back in his chair, and said in' a slightly sarcastic tone, 'I suppose you will be ;atarting for Brisbane to see some of' your old acquain tances; eh' ' " ' SMy movements are at present very uncer tain,' I remarked; a I pocketed the cheque, ' but I have worked too hard' for my money to fool it away; of that.I can assure you. 'I like to'hear'yon say that,' exclaimed old Warley, and I am' sorry 'that'cirom stances make it necessary that" we should' part. Stay to dinner, my lad-in fact, stay for a day .or two,. if yon like-there is a horse of yours inthe paddock, is there not'? I saw him the other day-not a bad sort of animal-I'll buy' him if you don't want him.' I declined to sell him for the preseil, as I wanted to' have a look at him, and after a few common-place remarks, 1 strolled out to look at my charger. 'Not much chance of the old gentleman changing his mind, I sollioquised; as I went towards the paddock, ' I'm afraid my little girl hasn't grasped the situation yet. It isn't likely he is going to give his daughter to a poor fellow like I am.' I asked ode of the stockmen to run in my rdcent purchasc,'and I had a good survey of him as he stood in 'the stock-yard. There was no mistake he had greatly improved with a fortnight's grassand rest, and I could see that I had purchased a really first-class animal at about a tenth, of his value. S' He's a good 'in, Mr. George,' remarked the stockman, as he'slipped a bridle over his head previous to leading him to the stable; 'helocks almbit abgood a bred'un as Don Pedro.' 'A little explanation is: necessary here.' Don ledro was a blood horse which was being trained on Mutalla station by a man from Brisbane, who was to train and 'ride him at the forthboming Tambo steeplechase. He had been purchased by Mr. Warley at a good figure for station purposes, but the temptation to beat all his.neighbors had been too strong for the old' gentleman, and he intended entering him for the steeple, for which he was sare to be a favorite. He was a dark brown stallion of immense power, and judging from theborse about thedistrict, he was the only one likely to be in it. The old gentleman was very proud of him, and I beleve he entertained the idea that he was good enough' to beat anything this 'ide of the line. This is a weakness amongst coon tiy horse owners, and it takes a long series of losses to convince them of their mistake -but togo on with my story \- 'Thereisno doubt about his being a good one, Tom,' I replied.' 'It is quite likely he has been stolen from somewhere on the Nerw South :Wales side.: However, they are not: likely to look for him here, so I shall keep him tll. somebody that has a better right to him than myself claims him. Take him up to the stable,.give.him a rub and a feed :of maize; I may want hinm in the morning. I then returned to the house, where dinner was already. waiting.' A smile was my. greeting from Miss Warley, who met me at the' door .and' whispered. 'Whatever father asks you' to 'do, consent like a dear fellow--it'will all come out right some day -don't forget, ' and preceding me into the. dining room where the old gentleman had already seated himself, ' we conimen ed dinner. , It wasn't a particularly lively one,' but I consoled'myself by a few stolen klances at Lizmie; who returned tient, ith 'interest whenevrer, ihe 'got the'dhibce.' The old' fellow appeared'to be' qite absorbed ini soinething that dfdn't'evon 'allow.him tiine to look at us,'and when at list dinner was finished $Id cleird away, he got 'up, stood in front of' the fireplace, and looking, the pair of uas'in theasee said,.' Yi?u'rd a pair of fools, and nI'm a bigger one for liateniag to that hnasyof mnine; bhittl've promisedto make'yoa in offer, and I'll keep maiy word. You ay you love my daughter. 'Ndw; don't go away' (this was to Limie, who iattepted to leave the ioom) ' fIjwant you to listen as well as him, and I want you both to pedsta .t-id by"whatever I propose-that is, ifyou acept the terms. You lovemydaughtter; el?" f': ' Better. than anything in the world,' I answired, fervently. SAll you fellows say and think the same thing when you see anybody that catches your pauinsg fancic,' said the old man,. grimly. 'Now, what are you prepared to do to prove this disinterested attachment?i!-all msanner of.impoeaible things, I suppose.' (I' was about to speak, but he stopped me.) ',Well, I'll give you the chance of some' thing, not only possible, but profitable, to ee what you're made of. Willyou do it ' ?.'Ti~jr me,'I answered, firmly; 'your good sense will not let you ask for imposi ili. ties.' ..Certainly not,' said he. Listen. I have a large block of country.taken up on the iitIh?ll,.about 400 miles from here.. It is unstocked at present.. If you like to take up the stdck and carry onthe statioiifo'r two years to my satisfsction,'and without seeing Lizzie here but one"a year- Cihilst m-I'll give her to yon. and you shall have a half share in the oew country and stock. What do you say ? No hesitation yes or no I' . I looked at Lizie..whose dear little mouth ihipaed itself into' Yes,' and replied- c r 'I agree to your terms, sir, unless cir cumstance. should arise that may lead you to'ehorten the time.' Not much fear,' said the old gentleman, laughing; 'and I rely on your word not to ind uce my daughter to enter into any other terms than what I have proposed. I have her promise to abide by the result of your future exertion. Now you two can go for a ride together. I am going to have a short ie didn't require to tell os twice. In about five minutes we were galloping over the plains as happy as two children, the two years appearing to me but a abort, time to wait for such happiness, for I had never, dreamt of attaining it. In three months I was to start, and.my. daily work went on with the same regularity as it had done before. A fortnight after my return, the traisner to. whom I had lent Bayard as a stable. com,-. panion for Don Pedro, called me on.one, side very mysteriously one day, and .led me into the stable. ' That 'ere -horse o' yonrn, Mr.. George,' said he, .' is a plum. Why, 'it takes the. Don all he knows to lead .him over ,a mile., Of course it can't last.with him, 'cos.the' Don'; been .in training these six months, but if I ,was you I'd enter him foir: t.ie Hurdles. ie's bound to make 'em go for it.. ,It's only two miles, and we can get him in pretty good form in six weeks, agin the races come off., The entries close next week.. :If you don't'care about entering him, let.me havea flutter, will you?' I laughed, and told him I'd consider about it, and.promised to. come over one morning and give hima spin. The fact was, all my epare moments had been so much ooe copied with other matters (I needn't tell you what they were)'that'I had- not tought mach about my purchase. True, I had taken a few canters on him, and' found him' a verypleasant mount' and an easy mover, but so far a.!'noticing' his racing powers it had never entered my mind. A day'or two afterwards, however, 'I de termined to give him a breather with Mr. Warley'as crack; and, having artanged' with the 'trainer, we started out one morn ing to"an extempore racecouse,"'adorned inth' the same number of good stiff hurdles' nd'timber jump as Don Pedro would have to negotiate at Tambo. ' ' L'I wouldn't try him 't the big timber, ,' said Jem Walsh, the trainer,' as he stripped the Don, who looked'a picture, a'nd mounted him'; 'Idon't think 'your borse is' up to'the big jumps yet.' I ain't' tried 'im, but Iwouldn' t chance it if I was you. " Come along, air.' ' ".'" And 'the two of us started 'at a suiart 'ter round the course previous to sending em at the jumps. There is' nothing nore inspiriting than being mounted on a good horse, galloping over the green turf side by aide with }pother one, both eager to beat 'each other. e horses seem to like 'it as imuch as the' ders and as they crane their necks and gull at :the reins, mn eager desire to make the pace faster,' both riders and horses seem to be animated with a spirit of emulatien Fnd enjoyment that no other exercise can give, and as we gradually increased 'the pace I began .to_feeL theblood bound through my veins. - S'I'll give you a lead,' said Jim, as we itarted to take the hurdles, ' let 'im 'ave his 'Ied just before he jumps and then lift 'im,' had Jim popped over the first hurdle like a bird, Bayard'following'with scarcely an ef fort. Eight hurdles were negotiated safely it'a fair pace, and then Jim pulled up,' do. claringit was quilte enough lor my green 'n.' ' Jumps welt, don't he?" said Jim, as we valked the horses home. 'Splendidly,' I replied; 1 why he took' Ihem in his stride as if they were nothing. I have 'a good mind to enter him for the steeplechase.' ' I wouldn't if I was you,' remarked Jim, ~'the'distanco is too long-three miles, and there ain't time to train him. He'd do the jumps, but he'd be nowhere at the finish.' ! ' Well, I should be able'to give you a good lead for a couple of miles,' said I, ' ahd it inight help youc to win it.' i 'There ain't nothing in it but the Don,' said Jim, sententiously, and, having stabled our horpes, I had my breakfast, and went on with my'uual dties. , Before the end of the week, however, and before the entries closed, we'receivedintelli ggnce that a well known cross country horse from Brisbane was likely to be entered, and even the confident Jim, when he heard the name of the probable competitor, shook his head as he said-' I' know that 'ere 'orse, air; he belongs to a bookmaker, and he jumps like a cat.. They won't bring him up here unless they are pretty sure of winning, you bet.' So, after a few consultations, it was decided that Bayard should be nomi nated for the steeple, so is to force the run. ising for the stranger, and, if posshible. bring him to grief., Three days afterwards, the ndminations' appeared, and amongst thlem the. name of Bayard and the formidable stranger, whose name was Comet. 'I see,' remarked old Warley, the following evening, after my beating him five games of crib, an operation that hadn't improved his temper; 'I see that you have nominated' that old crockof yours for the steeple.' Pity you couldn't find something better to do with your money? "--' ' You may feel very glad I have. dones.o,' replied?I;'.*heis very fist, and'will be' of good help, so Jim says, in forcing the pace for our friend from Brisbane.' . "' Bs,', said old Warley, contemptuously ; 'he is about as fast as acow. .I could run faster than him myself.' : "' Iwould like to bet you twenty pounds I leasd the Don over two miles,' said I quietly. : ' . " ' " : ,- . 'I'll bet you a thousand he never sees his tail after they start,' said the old man, get.. tiog veryred in the face; ' a' lot youn know ahoetpace.'... S'About as much as you do about 'crib bage,' said I, for I was getting vexed.'i The old gentleman really played 'an excellenit game, but I could not resist the temptation of saying something nasty. But it hurt the old chap in his weak point, for he really fancied himself the best player 'for miles ' That is your opinion,' he said, wth .a sneer, and his face white with p3ssion; 'ha I now listen to me: "Yod wanted to make a wager with me. I'll lay you one, and what is more, youwillhavi-to talde' it.' You are to marry my daughterin twoyears if all goes welL VWell, if you wiia'that 'race with your old crook, you shall marry her the day after you get the stakes, and if you don't win yeou shan 't have her for five years. It's a wager, and I shan't scratch it,' and,. slammig the door, he disappeared 'for '.thes night, whilst I went tomy bed in a state of mind far from pleasant, at having let my: temper get the better of my dicretlon. I may men tion that Lizzieo was on a viait to aneighbort. ing station about twenty'five miles away. [To 'be'concluded in our next.); The author of th "Ingollsby nds" used to tell a story of the complete 'Siom fiture of. witof no inferior order by a nomes. sage, politel~y delivered ata snpper y by sid the !ld, ",~mamma sends bhr omph 'bein to be funny." 