BUDDHISM IN RELATION' TO OC RISTIANITY. \--- /ACt. theo last .large meetinig held in l"ebiruary, by the Victoria (Philosophi cal) Institute, 7, Adolphi Terrace, Lon don, a piper was read by the Rev. R. C. Collius, M.A., on Buddhism in re lotion to Christianity. Referring to tli 'jiartillcls' between the porsons and 'cliiilretdr' of Buddha and .Jesus Christ, he said :--Take, asnprominent instance, the birth stdries. ': I need not here give details, which are to he found in any 'work on?' Buddhism. .The supposed minraculous: cosoption ;, the bringing down' of Buddha from the Tusita hoiveis tho;Dbvas acknowledging his supremacy; the presentation in the Temple, when the intage'i of Iidia aind other godsthrow tihemselves at his feet; the 'tooleptationl' bly. bidr--which le gends are embhollished by the modern writer I' hlave' alriuly quoted, under such phrases; ns ,"Conceived by the Holy Ghost," " Born of the Virgin Maya," "Song of: tli ieaveonly host," " Presentation in.theTeonploand temp tation in thtl, wildernesy"-noine of tlhose is fondl in tlhe early Pali texts. The simple storyp of ancienit Buddhisin is that alo nscitib;i, whosedfamily nam, was Gautama, prachedri a now doctrine of Iumna suffering, and a) new way of deliverance fromn it...There is no thought in tlib' eily' I1iudhi?rib; of which we read in the P]ili'"tit',' 'of deolivorance at the hands of a godl; iut the man Ganltaoun Buddha stands alone in his "stiiving 'hafter1 the true. omnticipation frolm sorrow annd ignorance. The ac counts of his dscendling from heaveih, drid beihig"concoied "in thle '.iwrld of ineoio when a proterorotural light shoine over tihe worlds, the blind' received sighllt tih douili saun, the- lanio dnooccd, the sick weore cl?d, togetlher? with rall si;ch'l 'ietibellishmoets, tore certainly addled by later hands; and if lhero we ?hecois~se diiio'iatlher roemarkablo like nues<es in thought or expression to things familiar to us in our bibles wti need nlot lii astonished il li w rioleint how great Inust have been the influence, as lihaveloforo hinted, of the Christian story iid India' in the early centuries of the Cohristina.eroa ainld, -pnrlolps, longi snubs?quentlyt Tlois iis a' pdint whiolh hioe" beenlruio h b0ive'lookid , iltt it. is nboinidatintly.'videt frhin, amongC olther proofs, the story of the god Krishna, whloih is i :omanifest. parody of the, his. torti of Olrist. : Tha'lBhajgaat-Uita, a tlheosophical poem put into the mouth of Krishlo, is something, unique among the production of the East, contailing manll ' goims of "?vliant :vo should call Christian truth wrested front their pro pib? setting, to, id'ooi1 rthis creation of tlhol ralunan ·o~jl and indicaiting as plaiilty thoiir'origin ia'dol the 'itoriot of his.lfoe in the llahno1iio.'I i iti sob tlhat it hbasI not' tnino'asoirithly Lboti`conclu;led tlhia tlih story of KICislhrii wris inserted in thle Marlo-e.Blhitai to furnish a di vine sanction to the B1oa!ecat-Gita. If, tiheo, ias tliereo i the strongest ren sonl 'to 'lbrlieve, '"tio:' Cln'is!ian story, somowhere betweeil the first and tentlh criuturies of tihe Christian era, forced it snlf ionto the great Hliindu'opic, and was at't?dsfisuridatiod of the most resonitrk ahlo poem that ever saw .tloe light in Indli, ClniW beie;oisurpiiscd if we find similarly borrowed nd imnitated won dors in tie lanter;Buddhist stories also' 1 Slveral Hlome and Colonial applica tions to join -tlhe Institute.is guinea Subscrilbers were received, and its oh jeoothlirig to investigate all philosophi- 1 cal etnd scientific qouestionls, especially any said to militate against the truth e of the, lbibloe,-a discussion ensued ini which Mr.i Hormnuzd Rassam, Profes sor Loitnor, from Lahore, MrI. Coles, nu earllliststildent of the question during 25 years' residence ill Ceylon, profos sor Ithoys Davids, and others took part. I All agreeing and confirming thie state moents of ur. Collins' paper. Dr. Loit toer broughtla large numbeor of photo graphs of eaorly Indian andu Tartar culptSureos, showing the. first introduc tion of the Christian 'story .inito those monumlents between about the 'second snid tenthl ceotoiiries, nidllie poiitedl out the vialie of such adllitional confirima tioi of Mr. Collins' siateoinots. *' . *. * 'j "Wlihit is true bravery I" 'asks is papilr.It is going'te sleep while your wife sits up in bed to listen for burg la o's. * An' obituiry notice contains tlih touching intoligenose that thloe decesed " had accumulated a little moloy 'and 1 'clhild'ren." There are two classes of dlisnppointerl lovers-thoso who are ilisappointcd he fore marriago sund the more unhllappy onies who are disappoiinted after it. IlBachelors are not entirely lost to the refinement of senOtiment, for the follow ing was given by oel of theon at a pub- t lie dinner, ' 'Thl ladies, sweethriars i I the garden of life." Tloiro are only two cinlasses of unlllar-r rield womien in society, "scrawny old maids" inid young "chits of girls." 'Ynl lerns' this by licearing oach of thlese classes descrio thn other. A uirin lro was ile iimoonstinting to a crowd that tlhros w'a no selch thinig as iydrolrlihobia, was tihe first to climnlb u011 \- larber's pole when a Ismiall yellow dog rane ruslingdown the street. They say tlhre lis a lanl in Gunnli son (:ontty ooly 20I years old, who Ihas killed o7 oen aleroudy. It is very rare tlhat a young ophysician attrains a prso tice like that t tCli age of thi. " Il'w camo that eoat slhevewi Iih such a big hole in it ', indignantr'ly lskedil a mother, of Iher tei-year-oIlI buy. SW'oll, mur," li repliedl, " lhe fact is,, lirisghed in lly sIii svei till I u'steid Ilihirli Irldo in erloro sail: " All hfalthy thiirgs iitrle wiit tsrillirree'i. Iperfeetly hlo'ilrhy red-healold wOllllln i hlo is---wll, Sll, l jsit is, rulld no iils- 1 take about It. 