B A UNSGHEIDT1SM ; OB THE i^SIF GEliMAN IIÉALim METHOD. \ Tho following lecture was dolivored by Mr. S. Kisclior 011 20th March:— Ladies and Uontlemen,—Having boon honored with an invitation from a limnbor of your leading fellow-ciLizims to deliver a lecture on the system known as Baunschoidtism, tho new and highly successful system of healing, I accepted tho in vitation with very great pleasure, and yet I .Ap pear before you nut for niy own benefit, but foryours, and that of'suffering humanity. ; As advertised' ill tho papers, tho profits arising from tho lecture will be given as a donation to thu funds, of tho Bendigo Benevolent Asylum, nothing being deducted from thn proceeds excepting the actual expenses for which I have advanced the money. You aro, I havo lift ioubt, fl.ll aware that X aiu a GorinnUj and not ablo to pronounce tho .English lanfjuagei so perfectly as an Englishman, <ir as is desirablo a public speaker should do. I have therefore to ask; your kind indulgence. However, I am so per fectly acquainted with my subject, having actively practised Baunchoidtisiu, tlie grand now method of healing, for a period of over six years ; with tho most wonderful results, that I ;uu confident if you will but give mo your closo attention for a short time, I will both instruct and interest you. If I do sneak bad English, I guarantee that in my bad English you will, if you listen, find good, sound common sense. My object is not to aniuso you, and in my remarks yon will discover neither comicalities or fun of any kind ; nor will there bo anything to provoke laughter. If you desire mora amusement, then I advise you " to go to Potts, where you will doubtless find, what you want in great abimdanco. But I want you to understand I jvt tlio very commencement, that I havo not come hero to amusoyon, but to give instruction in the most useful, effective, and blessed motliod of lioal I ing that has ovor yet been discovered and mado I known to mankind, and consequently I intend doing to-night what every'doctor should do—viz., to teach. Doctor, you 110 doubt know, is a Latin word which «i^nitios teaehor, ho it should be a part of the doctor's fluty to teach, but thin duty is one which .they very seldom per form. A groat many havo asked, me—wliat is Bauncheidtism ? This question I will , endeavor to answer this evening, as briefly as possible, so as not to task your patience unduly, and yot so fully that you will gain an insight into the system, and bo ablo to follow it up, and ti) proyofor yourselvos the very groat benolits which' it is calculated to • bestow upon the sick aud_ suffering. TI10 system, I may inform you, owos its title to the fact that it was first discovered and practised by a. Mr. Carl Baunchoidt, and it was in honor of the discoverer, that tlie science was originally called Bauucheidr tism by. which name it I lis ovor since boon des; cribed anil is now known throughout the world. It is purely an oxantheiiiatic method of healing sickness, that is to say, the principio of tho system is to draw out by means 'of1 ctrtain appliances, which 1 will presently exhibit and explain to you, tlio seeds or germs of tho particular diseaiu from which a patient may bo suffering, and tho channel through, which thedUtnw© is oxpclled arc external uruntions or pustules called into existence, liiarll you, by the appliances which wore discovered by Baunchoidt. Now, ladies and gentlemen,! c:tn tell you. and am prepared to prove to yoii, that Baanselieidtisin, simplo and natural" as. are its principles, has overthrown and surpassed the wholo mateiia medica. I will first of all givo you the view expressed by rt very eminent liYoneh scientist, regarding the system. Profossor Dr. Scliauenbung sent to tho famous Doctor Dela Roi a lebens wecker and oil, in order to elect an opinion on the system. The learned Frenchman replied—"les resultats 1110 paraissent tres ¡¡atisfaisaiits, inais cela lions niettrait sur les sabio puisguo lo inalado 011 so servant iío cette methodo n'a pas besoin de nous." That is in effect,'tlio results seems so very satisfactory.'that this system will bring us to tho ground, for when the patients begins to use this method, they'do not require us any inore." Iii every hospital aud by every doctor in Germany it is practised. But before proceeding to explain tho different ways in which this system may be used, an explanation which by the way itwonld.be utterly impossible to give in one short lecture, as it would require at least four or live to enable yon to comprehend the sy&tom;, I .will tirst direct your attention to the older motliod with which you are all more or less familiar. You have often heard the wonderful merits of anatomy and medicine vaunted by their professors, and 110 doubt anatomy is a very hue study, but it has nothing whatever to do with healing. By it we may learn it is true tho .various chemical and other ¡ substances from which bone is made, but 1 am quite sure 110'doctor c:in make a bone however ; great his knowlodge of the science of anatomy may be. The same science also teaches how the ' various joints are combined together, aud how a broken bono should be set, but there are many I who kuow nothing at all about anatomy, shep herds', or cattle tenders for instance who can set a broken bono just as well as any doctor could. _1 know a great many surgeons who with all their anatomical and 'medical knowledge, skill, and practice havo made helpless crippled out of the un fortunate men they havo been called upon to cure. Most of you are no doubt aware of the fact 1 stated some timo ago that an ordinary bono setter could -have done very much better. The only practical use of anatomy is when amputation is necessary, but the knife and the lancet should only be resorted to in tho most extreme cases, and only when all other means havo failed. _My maxim is to avoid the knife as much as possible. Then imagine what a chamber of horrors wo Inn 0 presented'to us sometimes 111 tlie display of a skeleton perhaps of a noted murderer with a deli cate lady beside it. Would it not be far better if after the culprit had suffered the extreme pc- nalty if his bones were allowed to rest quietly in the (u-'i'-c What mav be remarked is that it could 11.it have besn Adam's skeleton as it had all the ribs. Is this (lisjil.iv not disgusting, monst'-nus, and abominable'; The n¡.\i pmnt I wis!; to direct your attention to is tho titlo M. D., about which you have hoard so much lately. _ What does ir, show that So and so lias been trained at a University— has learned a great deal about medicine—can make a "reat noise ¡11 boasting-and then tell you the los-Tmedicine von take tlie better it will bo for vou. In effect this very Docto;- told you that medicine is 110 good at all—is a failure ; then why .'11 the name of justice and common sense do they make the profession they do. On tho other hand, tho'doctor will prescribo tincture of- iron for his patieni—»>a»K pois.gn, u I will explain presently when I come to deal with Bauncheidtiem. If it necessary for you to take a little iron, take .1 red hot ivou, cool it in clean cold wator and then drink the water, and you have a natural mineral water, and no physic. The best .irticlo 111 food is, for instance, starch, but you can by a chemical process convert starch into a deadly poison, viz., i iodite of starch. As I have told you, I will give yon facts and convince youhy mason. i do nut • wiali to force you to believe me without facts. But I will show that the doctors not only do not n-rae, but actually condemn thoir own system. TjOt me read to you a few extracts from Alcdical lectures of groat fame. ... , Dr. D. W. Fail-child, 111 his medical lecture says" No man has a higher regard or inoro thorough veneration for tin', conscientious family physician than I. Such a man is entirely void, of seliishness and prejudice. lie is a constant student. Mo keeps [ace with every frosli thought advancod ; puts into practice most willingly as nil auxiliary anything that proves itself butter than hs has yet known. At least, lie never condemns without a thorough investigation. Such inen aro sometimes found. They deserve the confidence, love and respect of all who know them. Such a man will tell you thntthebestofthemarogropihgin the dark ; that it is one continuous round of ex periments. The principio of autidoteu has proved unsatisfactory—yea, a failnro." A. H. Stevens, M.D., says " the older physicians grow, the moro sceptical they become in tins virtuo of their o\vn medicine." William Parker, iM. 0., nays "of all •scionees medicino is the most uncertain." K 1L. Davis, M. 1)., "the vital elVecta of medicino aro little understood." 'Í. MasonOood,31.1)., "thescienco of medicine is a barbarous jargon." Dr. liostwiek, author of the History of Medicine, "ovovy dose of medicine isa blindoxperinient," Professor ]!)vans, M.D., "the medical practice of tlio present day is neither philosophy nor common sense." Professor Gregory, M.Í).: " Gentlemen, ninety-nine medical facts are medical lies." Dr. McLinlock, "mercury lias made more cripples than all wars com bined." And ho should have added that the pres. ent abuse of soda and potassi in their presont various forms is destnVyhig myriads of stomachs beyond redemption. Sir Astley Cooper, "thescienco of medicine is founded on conjecture and im proved by murder." Oliver Wendoll Holmes said before a medical class in the year 1801, "the dis grace of medicine, has been that colossal system of self-deception, in obedience to which mines have been emptied of their cankering materials, the vegetable kingdom robbed of all its growth, tho entrails of animals taxed for their impurities, tlio poison-bags of reptiles drained of their venom, and all the conceivable abomination thus obtained thrust down tho throats of hmnan beings suffering from some fault of organisation, nourishment or vita! stimulation." Thus I might enlarge to tlio extent of volumes in quoting the long list of physicians' strictures on themsolvos, in which they tell you that medical science thus far, is not only not beneficial, but absolutely injurious and killing in its effects. Notwithstanding all this, custom and early education ever hold a wondoi ful power oyor us; and it matters not how unreasonable and how absurd any teachings and customs or habits may seom to us,and how plainly it may have been proved to us that thoy aro injurious and fallacious, yet it would seom that nothing short of long years of bittor oxperieiicoorsomo sudden might}'power will ever change tho course of most of us from im pressions mado through oarly education and ox ample. Yes, wo aro slaves to habit, custom, aiid fashion. There is usually a wonderful lack of in dividuality. 1'Vjr example, we are used to onr doctor, we see him daily, wo rely upon him, take his medicines, poison, and otherwise pay his bills; gradually grow worse, do not think or act for ourselves, finally die, and tlie friends charge it to a dispensation of Providence. Less than thirty five years ago, millions up to that period had gono down to their graves bogging for one swallow of cold wator. Mother, sister, brother and tho fond lover, had. oach in turn withhold from the dear one this precious and most natural antidote. This, too, when it was apparent that life could hold 011 but a few hours at most. Doctors said in fchoso days "cold wator is death." Give thuin calomel and a spoonful of warm wator instead. Those loving friends were made the willing instruments, through early education, to obey literally the doctor's command. Not only was tlio fever patient deniod water, but was drugged, physicked, bled, and starved, until all reactivo power was lost, ami ho gave up tho ghost to tho treatment instead of tho disease. Can any stronger.evidence than this be required? Reniomber, ladies and gentlemen, that tlieso are not the opinions of enemies to tlio doctors, but of tho doctors thomeelves. If you know that they thus exposo the fallacy of their own system, what can men think who liavo read and studied it and have learned a mora excellent way of healing? I put the question to you as to men and women of reason, and I ask you for a just and true vordict. I have 110 ill feeling against any doctor, nor have I any desire to quarrel with them ; but I do pro test that thoir system is wrong—radically wrong, even if we take their own views. Then tho noxt subject to which I will ask your , attention is that all groat reforms and improve ments have boon originated by laymen. Who, I ask, for example, created tho first doctor? Cer tainly it must have been a layman. ' Now, wo have Wator doctors, Allopathic doctors, Homeo pathic doctors, Diathetic,!! doctors, and lastly you have doctors of tho Ijaunscheidt system. Again I ask who discovered all tho methods of healing ? Was it not laymen ? T'risuit/, tho discoverer of the wator cure, was a Gorman fanner. Schrod, who cured the Prince of Wiirtouberg, when a doctor wanted to amputate his le », was a farmer, but tho Prince in crratitudo for his cure conferred upon him the title of doctor. Lampo was first a shoe maker imGosbar, Hanover, but also received the title doctor from a • Prince. Napoleon HI. was one of his patients. But now I come to the chief, tho vory king amongst discoverers of tho best methods of healing— Carl Baunscheidt. Ask Dr. Baumgaertnor, and I am certain he will testify that all I say is simple truth. Again I say I liavo nothing to ad vanco against the doctors; they aro my fefiow-men, my confreres, but I know and repoat that their ; system is bad, and it is my duty to conflict and oppose it, knowing as I do a better system. 1 can prove by my own experience and practice, and satisfy you, by written and vorbal testimonials, that it is so. I will explain a few of my cases and show the succoss X have had, before proceeding to deal with tho system itself. Most of the cases I have had sinco I commenced to practico weru such as had been given up by doctors >s chronic and incurable. Now, if with such cases I manage to cure, say only one out of every two, I contend I have proved myself, or rather my system, far superior to the doctors. Hut what will yon think when I assure you positively that tho por centage of deaths which have takou place under my treatment " would not amount to ^ por cent, of tho total caaes I trealed. I liavo now J been over 2S years a resident of Sandhurst. Dur ing that time I have heard a great many im I postura here. Thoy have mado plenty of money by imposing on credulous and good-natured pcoplo, and when such Tndian, Yankee or French professed doctors return to tlicirown country, what will they think and say of tho people of Australia? i Thoy simply laugh at them as evidently being possossed of moro money than souse. I am glad to say I was liovor imposed on in this way. A com I plimontary ticket was presented to me, and here it is. My long practical experience teaches me that neither phronology, physiognomy, or any kindred science can be relied 011 without tho knowledgo of i tho principles' of Baunschoidtism. The practical Baunscheidtist will toll you that the form of man is often deformed by sickness, for which the un j fortunate individual has to thaiilc the 'system of treatment he had been subjected to by tho doctors. Spoaking of those impostors who have visited us, I ask havowe not enough supposed learned im postors hero without tho people listening to strangors. Look at the value of tho pills and i nostrums daily advertised to deceivo and defraud; what good are thoy ? But by tho system I practice , I am proud to say, I can save life when doctors' skill and medicine have utterly failed. I have done so in many cases and will do so again. There are hundrods here in ¡Sandhurst, and the district who have been benefited by my treatment >iid I think such evidence should sccuro for 1110 appreciation. I have lived hore, as 1 have} said, for .many years and my homo is still amongst you. When Pro fessor Gilbert delineated my character from my ! bumps, he said I was fond of good livincr, of beor and such thiugs, but he w.'is altogether wm.ig, for I liavo always lived frugally, and I hato b-jer, and have never beon drunk in my life. I thank you for tho honor you have done mo in giving me this opportunity of addressing you, which, 1 am sura, mil bo a benefit to you, as my objoct is to explain a method of healing that will bo a blessing to all who suffer from sickness or pain of any kind what ever. I must, however, proceed to speak of this grand system—Baunschoidtism. Whon an ex perienced professor of tho system looks at tlio color of a patient's skin, eyes, lips, etc, he can at ouca tell 111 must discs, what, sort of sickness there is. But oven this visual examination is not absolutely necessary. It is enough for tho Baunscheidtist to know that thoro is any sickness, and if he cannot cure that sickness,ho is fully satisfied medicine or mcdical skill cannot do it. Xn all acute sickneus one or two appliances will prove quite suflieiont to accomplish a cure. Bamischeidtisiii follows tJi-i laws of nature, and nature is at once sublime and omnipotent. It uoes not require art, but a deep and practical knowledgo of nature's laws, and this knowledge, as I will presently explain more fully I possess, as the result of years of patient investi gation, reading, and study. Here let me give you an idea of the loss which various parts of an ani ilia! sustain in starvation, tho percentage in tho respectivo portions of tlio system, viz.—Kat M per cent; blood, 75; spleen, 71; liver, 52: heart) 1Í; biain and muscles, 42; .stomach, throat and gullet, 3-1; skin, kidneys, oí; lungs, 22; bones, lb; eye, 10; and tho nervous system, 1 por cent! xou *!wy have observed that when an animal has been killed, the last movement that can be noticed is the twitching of the nerves. The reason is that nii the organic structure is contained tiie material life power which is in all animals nourished by the blood; on this Mien depen s all, and h.-neo the principal point is to have tlio blood, clear, pure and healthy, so that the ijervos <jo not become sluggish and torpid. The nervous system will always draw oil everyi impurity so long as it is properly aided u M i • kut this will not be done if tho blood is not pure. The consequence will bo pain and suffering. 2so\yyou may, I admit, obtain tern poraiy relief by the use of laudanum, or othur narcotics, but these will not effect a cure. On the contrary if their uso is continued thoy will, and very often do, produce paralysis. Instead of curing the\ thus convert what would perhaps have been only .i teiuporary attack into a confirmed chivsic and probably fatal malady. Thi* will apply equally to all opiates. Mineral stimulants are just as bad, ami so are tho astringents and the tonics so frequently resorted to. All th.it is required to ensure goad Health is that theru should always be a normal state. Man, 1 may tell you, is like a thermometer. \ou know I am here to give you facts not theories. If it is too hot you wish it a little cooler, if it is too cold you wish it a little wanner. ¿Now 1 ask you can a man or woman who Is obliged to work hard for a living to earn their bread bv the sweat of thoir brow, observe all the maxims anu^ precepts waich aregiveu as necessary in a hygienic sense, by ^ some lecturers on medical science, v/hoso principal object is to extract mono}' ¡ from j ou, and then, as J said beforo, enjoy a laugh at your oxponse. I'will answer tlio question de cisively ¡me) promptly, by declaring that it would be perfectly impossible for men aud women who arc situated as 1 h.ive described to pay attention to such a crowd of regulations. Health depends very largely on the habits and custom» of the person. For instance, a dandy or ft delicate and tender woman is afraid to put even a Unirer in cold water for_ fear of catching cold. But a woman who is obliged to faco all kinds of weather, cold or hot, just the same as waggoners in the old country, ami to stand in snow and ico, can bear up against all kinds of hardship much better. But then the question arises, what is tobe done sup posing a parson does take cold, or become sick from any other causo, and by what means is he to be restored to a normal state of health ? liauii scheidtism will give the best answer to this in throe words namely reception, assimilation,excretion. This is the very essence of Bauiisuheiditism, and no doctor, 110 apothecary's shop can excel or equal this, nor can any science overcome it. I will ex plain this in a natural and practical way, and leave the scientific aspect of tho subject for a future occasion a.* I think tho subjects [ have to speak of will fully occupy the wholo of the time remaining this evening. J must, however, remark here, that in dealing with Baunscheidtisiu and the method it has adopted to do battle with disease, we have to give great attention to tho cellular and germinal system, for it comes very extensively into this subject, Because a germ often, when it is poisonous, causes instant death, and by reducing the poison death may be, it is true, averted .but the normal functions of our nature are seriouHly interfered with, and system disturbed all the same. Assimilation and excrotion are both essential. If you are hungry you wish to eat, and you will agree with mo that food is then the best medicine. 1 have no doubt your noble Queen Victoria, who is a sensible lady, has many times eaten 3c itch porridge, especially when sho Was young and had whetted her appetite by rambling through the mountains of bcotland. Although oatmeal is only a vory frugal and ordinary food it is vory healthy, and the laws of nature are fixed, simple and sublime, therefore, we should submit to them and hunger is at oiico the beat indication as to when you should oat, and the boat cook. If you have lost your appetite you may look upon it as certain that you are sick. When, in obedience to the call of nature, you take food, yon assimilate, that is to say, you make fresh substances to in vigorate the body, which is done by making fresh blood. This is necessary, as tliero is a constant, waste, and a portion of the vital force is being continually used up. As it is necessary to assimilate it becomes also necessary to excreto. According £o an unvaiying law of nature, about § of all the excreta must pis's through the skin of a man in-a normal state :of health. If this is by any means stopped, tho slcin becomes dry and the suppuration is more pro dominant inwardly than outwardly. ' The old Hgyptians were wiser than our grand modern doctors. For their customary salutation was Hinv did you sweat?" Tho ISnglish say simply, " Good morning to you." The Gorman, "'We haben Sio geschlafcn" (How did you sleep?). In Romo there woro onco a sort of doctors callcd ,'Augurs," thoy did euro by. the flight of birds. But in the moantimo, when ail Augur met another thoy smiled because they knew how to swindle and cheat tho public. Our noble doctors uso dog Latin ' terms like morbus cordis, hydro tlwrax, supei'a orbital, intcrmtcncc pedes, and God knows what besides in order.to pacify and mislead their stupid clients. But tho latter are satisfied so long as the doctor has a fino Latin name for his sickness, and the doctor is thought to1 be clever when ho evi dently knows so miicli Latin. Tho doctor, how over, knows well tlmt Latin will not cure. As soon as the body becomos ill, aud the oxcrota re mains, instead of-being discharged, • it becomes morbid matter, and the sooner it is romovod the better it is for the patient. Bauuscheidtism nt once does this, it opens the poros, tho bad gases evaporate and warmth is spread over tho wholo body, and warmth you know, means life, but cold death. Pain is at once relieved, and the curing; process begins as soon as tho body receives vital power; this is what wo call reception. Hero i I will show tho instrument wo use for tho purposo, and if any one wishes to try it ho is quito welcome, especially if tliero is any person with an licute toothache or headache, which I guarantee will bo removed and cured in two minutes/ Now I find my tiino lias nearly gone, aud I cannot enter minutely into tho details of the system, but I will again repeat, in the sciencoof Baunschoidtism, thiit the grand fedturo is the recognition of tho laws of nature, and its principal aim in nil its appli ances, is to assist nature in her wise, simple, and effective methods of- restoration. Those methods are, as I will indisputably prove to you on another occasion, should opportunity occur—Reception, Assimilation, Kxcretion. Beyond these we do not attompt or profess to go, and boyond it, J as sure you, none can go with success. Ladies and gentlemen, I wih occupied for over six years in acquiring what I now know of this systom, and you will, I am quito sure, see thaf it would be ut terly impossible for mo, in the limits of one lecture, or in on evening, to impart to you a perfect know ledge of the grand discoveries inado by the immor tal Gorman layman, Carl Bannscheidt. Indeed, to tell the truth, I was at a loss to know whore to begin to-night, but I luive succeeded, I think, in presenting to you an instructive and interesting; outline, and a comprehensive^ idea- of its great principles. Baunscheidtisin, in my honest opinion, is the most effective and certain mode of healing that has ever been brought forward, and I main tain that it is destined to bocome tho most popu lar, as it is tho most natural remedy for sickness and pain of all kinds. It will eventually free man kind from tho tyranny and thraldom undor which tho old msdical'systonis held it. Let me say here that diseases which liavo hitherto been looked npoii as wholly incurable, liavo yielded to tho potent influence wielded by Baunsclieid, tisra. That frightful and painful malady, cancer, I have myself removed after the pationt hid been given up by doctors, and I may add that tho remedies adopted by the latter for this terrible disorder are often calculated to inflict more suffering rather .than to give ease. I have in my possession i mixturo prescribed by an ominent doctor and niado up at his order by a chemist for this disease, tho ingredients in which are rank poisons. Is it likoly that a man can bo both killed and cured at the same time, and by the saine agency ? Tho proposition is absurd, monstrous, and unreasonable. But I concludo with ail earnest appeal to you, ladies and gentlemen, as reasonable people, to investigate and judge for yourselves as to tile truth of my assertions. If you desire full and complete instruction in this sublime system, I am quite prepared to give it on the conditio^ that ' ft lecture committee is formed, the theatre or other suitable placo secured for a course of lectures, and tho profits to be de voted to tho expenses, including my remuneration for the labor which would be imposed on me. I am but a poor man, and as I have before told you, liavo spoilt ;i long timo in acquiring tho knowledge and skill I possess. Another step you could take would be to petition tho Government for the recognition of the system I advocate in .the public hospitals, and I will undertake to act us operator for a period of threo months freo of all cost. You should bear in mind the numbers there are soaking to euro by false methods, counter acting tho laws of naturo by putting into the blood of the sufferer earthy and mineral in,attor, making it thick and sluggish, and many medical lhcn show that that they have no idea of acnto sickness at all. I am fighting against error, and doing what I can to relieve suffering—will you help ine? by refusing to bolieve tho cruel lies and tho vile alandora that have, and are still being written and spoken about me by bad, unprincipled and ill-feeling peoplo. I commend my appeal oii behalf of this blessed system to you, as honest, true, and just; and, ladies and gentlomen, I, for the pressnt, leavo luysolf and my remarks to your own judgment and reason, confident, if you give a truo verdict, it .will be in favor of Baunscheidtisin as a victorious healing method. A1JVICE FOH THK PUBLIC. All acute sickness instantly cured and relieved : such as hcadache, toothache, rheumatic foyer, or any other fovor. Chronic sickness must be continued, but will bo cured also especially if the patient is under 50 years of ago ; if ho is 50.'or. oyer' 50 years of age, and there is yet natural vigor in the body, he will be cured also. The worst cases are whon a man lias swallowed n. lot of poisanoua medicines. It is moro difficult to extract the medical poison, than tho original sickness. Mark you, by medicine you grow gradually worse; by my treatmont tho relieving and curing pro cess begins instantly. All venereal diseases radically cured. Come in time, strictly con fidential. A warning I give you. Baware of a cetain speciality who boasts aud blows so much about his curing. I had a patient under my hands nine months before I could extract all the mercury out of him. " Throw physic to tho dogs," but my advice is throw it on tho dung-heap, and havo mercy on the dogs. VACCINATION". Doctor Rittinger has a book written; its titlo is " Tho 50 years poisoning of the people of Wiir tenberg, Germany." Snake bite is easily cured, even if it is tho bite of the surticucu or j'araeaca. Cancer is easily cured, as soon as tho person comes to mo directly. All female complaints quickly cured; and, lastly, let me inform you, I have a remedy for the prevention of contagious diseases, and the doctors have none. PROCESSOR SAMUEL FISCHER. Queen-street, Sandhurst.—[Advt.] 