O?HUnIOCH OF?? ENGLAND SYNOD. TncH following is the ad lrses delivered by the light, Rov. the President at the opening of the Synod: Mr REV. BRETIHREIs AND BnrTnRE" OF THE LAITIY, We meet at an unusual season under special cicumstances, and are called together at a new epoch in our diocesan history, to consider important questions relating to the welfare of the diocese and to the coinstitution of our cathedral church. For more than twenty years we have been working without i?uch notoriety, yet steadily in construct ing ouC diocese nod parochial machinery. And hithertoI havo segarded the management of our affairs as being of ai mixed charactor, partly fixed aod parochial, and partly missionary and variable. Under thig impression I have closed my eyes to mouch that was apparently irregular-not unwill ingly allonwsg more or less laxity to pass unheeded, benause of thq peculiar difficulties of our missionary condition. But now that the diocese is to bhe reduced to more mangeable dimensions-by the formation of the noe diocese -and that our beautiful cathedral presents a new centre, around which we may all rally for more systematic work under a more realiaing senee of dur living corporate unity, the time has arrived for combined action on the part of all the parishes for the common good and for greater loyalty to. the laws and regulations of our church. It is my earnest desire to make the cathedral a centrenof living unity, a model to the diocese in all tbhatpertaina to its spiritual lifo and prosperity, in the increased beautfof our services and the higher standard of our serdane as to their substance and power, seo that the Church of England in the diocese may more arnd more become, by divine aid, a mighty engine for the evangelizing of the people and the building up the body of Christ in the ifaith and hope of the Gopel. Church Society.--T re are parishes which, in past years, obtained laroe grants frorn the Diocesasn General Fund, and fror other sources through the Bishop, as vell as fror. the Bishop's osn iuade. quate i come, to ensble them to buif, their churches sod parsonage and to maintain \their clergy. Snme of thesd have been too apt, or.be. coming financially independent, to isolate them selves from their neighbouro, to withdraw from the diocesan brotherhood, and to withhold their aid from the fund by means of which they suceeoded in organising themselves into a self-supporting position. Will they net now ses the prropriety of maiutaing thant Common :lDiocr.san Fund to which they were so much indebtce ? Mlosot sincerely I trust that each clergyman anud eaucr parrishl will make it a print of consoirence gratefully to work in behalf of tihe fuel; rtherrwiae the comrittee of the Churobh Society will be unable to couti ce the pcy. ,mont of grants, many of which are I ag overldue, to the lees wealthy districts. Nothing has sur. prised me more than to observe the facile manner in which some parishes have pernsuaded tlemsolves to forget their Christian duty, to neglect the General Fund when no lotigr requiriug assistance froi'it, and to grow careless othq welfare of their strsrigling brethren in wealker placen, which cannot maintifn their operations without subsidy grants. It ir'impossible for the0Church Society to make grants out of "a Commmon Fund,:' unless all the parishes ihake adequate "effrts to sustain that fund, -In'this matter the city of Goulburn tar nobly donise its duty, ndswithatandling ihe hosevy burdensi which it has sustained for so many years. 'ThiaNew Diocese, the Endowment of -the See, and Conecoration of the Bishop -I desire to lay beforeothe Synod information of an encouragiog characteorrespenting the new see of Itivorina. The sum of £'1000 -has been secured for its. endow. ment, consistine of the noble gift of £10,000 from the 'Hon. Johi- Campbell, MI L.C., and grants of £2000 each from the Colonial Bishoprics Council and the Christian Knowledge Society, and about £1000 from miqcutumulated interest up to the first of May last. .Of that day Dr Sydney Linton was 0noisreoltit-lu St. Paul's Cathedral by the Arch bishop ofCanterbuiry, under royal lioenso from Her Majesty,the Queen, as a' Bishop for the colonies, and from .that day he will receive his episcopal income from the above endowment. On his ex. pected arrival in the beginning of next year, nearly half iftbeh area of the diocease of Goulburn will be transfirred't6 that of Biverina by a legal docunient as arranged-by a determination of the General Svtiod. The Bishop was selected for the See by the Archbishops of Canriterb try and York and. the Bishop of London, and by them heartily recom mended to the Bishodp of Goulburn, and was then conaecratfid after- the full approval of the four nominatorp. The above Endowment Fund has been safety invested on mortgages upon freehold securities byMessrs;F. C. mpbell, A. S. Chisholm, and G. Mair, the trustees named in the Hon. J. Campbell's declaration of trust at interest for the benefit of the Bishop of Riverina; 'By the cession of all that.portion of the diocese of Goulburn which lies weait of the parishes of Temora, Junee, Wagga Wagga,'Germanton, and Albury, I shall be relieved of a very large but important section of my exton eive charge, in the welfare of which I have.always felt; very, great spiritual interest. My earnest prayer is that the Church in the west may, under this new development, make vigorous strides, and become a stimulus to us and a pattern to all the dioceaes. EnIowmeent of the eeo of Goulburn.--Tha found ing of th".new'diocese leads me - very naturally to apeiak of or own case. The circumstances of that of Riverina tesembles 'very- closely those of our own iocese when I began my work more than tweifitycars ago, with the exception indeed of one important particular, which presents a contrast greatly in' favour.of the former. I was consecrated on the 25th-Marob, 1863, on the assurance that £12,000 had been then nsbscribed; yet, as I afterwards learoed, all the money which had been calleoted and paid into the.baink at the above date for .the endowment of the see was only £1450. Through God's goodness,; this sum grew in the course of two or three years to £:8301,' and this being further augmented) by English contributions to £10,300 was safely invested on mortgages upon freehold securities at interest for the benefit of the Bishop of Goulburn ; and on the 21st of February, 1874, the deeds at.d securities for the investment of the fund were duly inspected and examined in ,the presence of eaoh other by myself, the Hoo. James Chisatolm, M:.L.C., F. R. L. Rossi, 0. E. rewoombe, 'ad AM. lBette, Isq.'s, in the office iof the list, and all tfiel.documents .:wer placed for custody by, Mr. 'Bettas rodr my seat in the Com mercil Bilnc, Gotilburn, during 'my absence in England., Between that date and the present time the' fnnr' has been further augmeorted, by fresh coutiibutions Xand the payment of subscriptions previouely promised, to tbohe sum of £13,000, a sum whioh is nbowsi ouroly invested for the endowment of ;the iee. of Goulburn, as shown by certificates and deolaratioh of trust. But besides the subscriptions to thefund ohhre is a farmh of 100 acres at Collector, the gift of the late Mr. Joseph Bull; and the Taradale 'property, the gift of Mosers. John and Robert Campbell; and a?10.payable annhally from the Sydney Biothopthorpeestate (thbhgh the'nannuity has not been paid for two years'aud a half since the death of the late Metropolitan); together with £50 a year from W. P. Faithfull, Esq. SProvinoial Synod.- Frbm a.n intimation recently received from Sydney, I think it probable that'the Provinoial Synod of the church in this colony may be convenled for the month of October. We shall therefore be required to elect clerical and lay ro* presentatlves.. according to regulations iu that behalf aready-anade. -. General Synod.-.-Tlough the tine for onvoking a General.Synod has not ye?narr'ived, it may be prddent to' eleot representativesl- that we may not be taken unawares incase obf anyPemergency. Warangesda Mission. -'The Mission to theo Aborigines at Warangoeada o the Murrumbidgee, near Darlington, h ? n steadily ad ancing under the rilev J. I..ft j ntwithst ijg:many trials nud dircflio ,?ael the funds 'ee'dd for its support are obt?ned with very great struggles; but we are encoura~gedtl to persevere by the pro. mise. mado iy the Government that for each pound collected for the mission they will ad two pounds for the temporal wants of the misasiona, while we are to provide for the salary of the Roev J. I. Gribble as euperintendent. The Metropolitan Biehp of Sydney.--Having, in virtue of my po ition as senlorBishop in this colony, had theprivilege of toking an active part in the ar raogemensots which led to the most happy selection of Dr. Alfred Barry to be the Lord Ilishop of Sydney, Mletropolitan of the province of New South WYales, and Primate in Australia and Tasmania, I feel profound thankfulness to God for his appointment. I am persuaded that it will be an incalculable blessing to our church and a great bulwark of our common christianity against the varied assaults of the riemies of revealed religion; and I would re. ebho the thoughts of my Right Reverend Brother the Bishopof Northern Queensland, that his position in Englud in the foremost rank of the clergy, his varied and high soolarship, general and theological, and his direction of it toward the ever.changing attitude of freethought, his comprehensive mind and aount judgment, united with the largest cpatiity for pra ical work, invest the chair of our metropolitan witW peonlar lustre. Religious Instruction in Public Schools -Con. curring ueos eartily in the desire expressed by the metropolitan nd leading representative men of several denominations, th@ all the provisions of the Publio Instruction Ac . l1r the general religious instruction of the yo g, according to its sevdnth clause, and in the case of our own children for their. systematio teaching in the doctrines of our holy re ligion, and the tenets of otr own ohuroh,.according to-its seventeenth cilause, may be fully oarried into effect, I would publicly express my sympathy with the movement, and wish it God speed. We cannot expect, nor do we now ask, the government to do anything in contravention of the law, but, we do demand that all the privileges granted under the act may be allowed to us, so that the rising genera tion may, through the agency of the public school itself, Ibe brought up in the fear of God, and by the knowledge of hIislaws be led to obey lis command. ments, special distinctive instruction being left to the voluntary agency of the church, andt of others wvho may be authorised andI willing to c mvey it. St. h~aviour's Cathedral Church. -Tho Constita tion of the Cathedral will form an important topic for our consideration, and you will be asked to pass a cathedral ordnance embodying that censti. tutioa. The proposition is, that the cathedral shall be governed by a chapter consisting of the Bishop, Dean, and Canons, in all mlatters relating to its services and its religious and ecclesiaotio arrange ments; while its financial and temporal affairs shall be managedl by a council consisting of the above chbapter and a certain number of lay members of the church, who shall be elected by the synodpf the diocesea. All fnrthel details wrill be contained in the dranght ordnance, which will no doubt he placed in the hands of members without delay. It may be needful to give a concise account of the history and progress of the cathedral, the original idea of which was seriously entertained by the gentlemen of Goulburu before my arrival in the colony. But first of all, I would invite your attention to general principles on the subject of the.oathodrals of the OChurch of England. The cathedral system isof great antiquity, andt the lirat establishment of cathedral churches may be traced back to the fourth century, after the conversion of the Emperor Con. stantine to Christianity. These buildings were called "oathedrTo)," as the "seats"2of the Bishops and Clorgy. In England also cathedral churches are of very ancient date, with establishmnerts consisting of Ilishops, Deans, and Canons, all living together in one cathedral city, maintaining and diffusing the principles of Christianity throughout the diocese, of which the cathedral was the mother church. 'To this class belong all the old dcathedral fouundations in England. The admirablo English parochial system grow up nas the result of tbis. diocesan activity, and thus each parish had its own pastor, and each dioceseits own cathedral with its Bishop, Dean, and Canons; The chapter was the Bishop's. council, to be consulted in cases of difficulty, and to aid himnin' promoting the public worship of God, and in propagating the Christian faith. The eminent Lord' Cke, the very greatest authority on questions of-law, informs hse that' in oathedral churches all thirigs:were so ordered as might tend to the public worship of God, which was one of the ends of their institution, and an argument for their usefulness. Parochial. hurches were to the cathedrals as the synagogues to the'Temple at Jerusalem-being built for those who could. not attend the solemn worship of God in the Temple. So it was in the Christian Church ; every cathedral in its first institution was as,the Temple to the whole diocese-where the worshi of God`was.to be perforrmed in the most decent, constatit, and solemn manner. For' which and it was necessary to have such a number. of Ecclesiastical persons there attending, as might be ready for all the offices of the Christian Church, such as constant prayers and hymns, preaching, celebration of Sacraments, andd 6s forth Ugion this ground the institution of cathedral ohuirobes among Christians was a very reasonable thing. The principle thus enunciated by Lord Coke (viz., that the cathedral was as the temple to the whole diocese) is an understood axiom in tho Church of England, and is clearly stated in all books of. authority in' the; following form -- "That the Cathedral Churoh is the Parish' Church of the whole diocese.". Thus Bishop Gibson in his Codex; a learned' commentary upoh the-Catnons and Laws of the Church of England,: publisherld'in 1713, makes the following statement-" The Cathedral Church is tho Parish Church of the whole diocese; and it hath, been affirmed that if one resort to the Cathedral Church it i' a resorting' to liis Parish Church within the natural sense and meaning'of the stiaute."' This definitidn 'is uniformly reaffirmed in the shme' language in Dr. Burns'" Ecolesiastical LawI i Sir Robert Phillimore's "Laws of the Church " Crippe' "Law of the Church and Clery ;" and Dr. Archibald Stephens' "Laws relating to the Clergy,'" &o.;, &o.; A Cathedral Church, as was stated by me some years ago at one of our public meetings, differs from a Parish ChOnrch in this respect, that wvhereas the Church of a Parish belongs exclusively to the members of the lchurch resident within the limits of' that parish,,the Cathedral Church belongs equally to all 'members of the Church resident within the limits of the whole dioceso. Its uses and advan tages must not therefore be restricted to any one parish; Nevertheless though it is the property of the whole diooese, and its privileges may be claimed by all Church members within the diocese, it will of necessity. be chiefly used by those who reside in its vicinity, and praotically be under their care, while its solemn services will;be regulated and con ducted by those who represent the whole diocese, viz., theBishop and Cathedral authorities. Fromithis statement of g~neral principles I pro. ceed to codnsider those whichli relate to St. Saviour's Cathedral.\ In the lirst place, every town which has the cathedral or neof of a bishop .becomes thereby entitled to the hdnor of a "city," in pur. suance of which ancient plan, Ber'Mlnjesty the Queen raised the town of Goulburn to the rank of a city in Marcb, 1863, by the following document: -" We do, by these presents, ordain and consti ntou the town of Goulburn to be a Bishop's see, and the seat of the Lord Bishop of Oonlhurn. And we do ordain that the said town of Ooulburn shall h-ncsforth be a city, and be called 'the city o?t ouliurn,' And we do hereby further ordain and declare that the church called St. Saviour's, in the said city of Goulbern, shall heneforth he the cathedral church and see of the said Mesao Thomas and his successors Bishops of Ooulburn. More over, we will, and grant by these presents that the said Bishop of Goulburn shall be a body corporate, and do ordain, mako, and constitute him to be a perpetual corporation, and to have perpetual suc. cession." This building was, however, notoriously ioade. quite to the requirements of the case, and ,ven before the appintment and arrival of the Bishop a premium of £50 was given for a .design for a Cathedral Church upn a large and comprehensive scale But, on the suggestion of the late Bishop of Sydney, this pro ject was for the time abandoned, though the old building was insufficient in accommodation for the idea of a cathedral, and unsafe in structure. Nevertheless,'on my arrival, finding that the diocese was very insufficientiy provided with clergy and churches, I determined again to post pone the scheme for?..a cathedral and for an episcopal residence. -B ,??o the arrangements for the erection of a bir an parsonages in all the important par ~of the diocese were It a for. ward astate, steps ,vero e nnce taken for the erection of Bishopthcrpe, and asaq otlas this was completed I initiated a scheme at thAdAi of 1870 for the collecti?Wt?of funds for the ing of a cathedral on a large and handsome scale-a daign which has been carried into effect up to our highest expectations. The land (three acres and a half in extent) upon part of which the cathedral stands was granted by the crown in 1842 for the erection thereon of a church in connection with the Church of England under the provisions of the Church Temporalities Act. In 1812, the date of the grant there was only one parish in Goulbirn--indeed, most of the county of Argyle was in the parish of St. Saviour. In 181,4 the city of Goulburn was divided into the two parishes of St. Saviour and St. Nicholas, and in 1873, under au.n impression entertained by many, though erroneously, that the above grant of three acres and a half was made for. the separate purposes of a church, a parsonage, and a achool.room, steps were taken witth the cone saet of the trustees to erect a building on the southern portion of it. But before it could be em. ployed for school purposes it was used as a church for St. Saviour's parish; and, on the removal of the old building, all its internal fittings (pulpit, benches, communion~vessels, table and chairs, service and registration books, &e.;) were transferred to the new building, as well as the materials of the old chaccel, which were turned into a large vestry room attached to the same, and from that time, 1875, this building was practically the Parochial Church of St. Saviour's Parish. In the subsequent year, 1876, the present Incumbent was appointed and licensed, and as iconmbeUt he has never known any other parish church of St. Saviour's. And inasmuch as we have high authority 'Ayliff's Parlegon Commentary on the Laws and Constitu. tisnes of the Church of I?ogland] for stating that though a church was not consecrated, yet if Divine service was performed therein; it injoyed the same immunities as a consecrated church. To guard the building fromn all profane nand common usee, I have licensed the same.r It can therefore atill be used for services, sermons to Sundays.eohnol children, and sunch legitimiate religious objects as may oniduce to the instruction and edificotioniu of the parishioners. The first appeal (1870) for funds for the.ereotion of the cabthedral was issued under the conspicuonu heading of " a Cathedral Church. for the Dioceseoi Goulburn," and upon the building committee to show its general charactr were the names of eight or ten of the clergy of the diocese. It contains a statement that "the new building will be a'cathe dral churbch for tire diocese and at the same time a Parochial Church for Goulburn," and that the committee "conli'eotly looked to all members of the church in the diocese in the first instance for self denying contributions; in the assurance that they who make the greatest efforts to help them selves will receive most sympathy and support from without," and theyspecially stated that they "felt that it would be hopeless to attempt anything upon a worthy scale without a large measure of external help from the colony and from England.'! Will anyone assert that this language bore aify reference to tho building of a mere Parochial Church in, St. 'Saviour's parish ? Does it not in the outset plainly declare that it was to be a cathedral, and'that nothing less, was contemplated ? But'it mentioned "a Parocbial Church for Goulburnu" it will be said.', Yes- but Goulburn at that time and six yeara prdviously pdsessed tw6 parishes. When a proof copy was issued,of the first dppeal, it an nounced nine cantribritions of £100 eachin 1871, and those whdse letters 'were printed thereon, said that they premised the money for the erection "of a Cathedral ChOburch for Goulburn." 1.: Again, in January 1874, the corner stone was laid of a church, to be called " St. Saviour's Cathedral," and ' to be the' Paroobial Church of the city, and the' Cathe dral Church of. the' Diocese of Goulburn." Of the £18,700 obtained for' the Cathedral, I cano Ibe. live, correctly state that the :£1S,000: either passed through my hands or were obtained through :my exertions. 'Not one single subscription was oy me either solicited or obtained for any other than for a Cathedral. But as the 'land was granted uinder the provisions of the Church Temporalities Act, it was always contemplated td' apply'to par liament for hn act for two objecta--first, to trans. far the 'siteto other conditions for cathedral pur. 'poses, and to provide the requisite funds for, the organisatian of the Cathedral establishment'on the one side; and on the other to conserve'the financial and other' parochial rigbte of St. Saviour's Parish, within' the limits of which the caotbedral stands With this view it was suggested;, and thb sugges tion was adopted, that' a portion of the Globe lands 'in' St.' Saviolir'es :Parish, granted' for the Church of England :by the Crown" in':1843, might be let on. remunerative leases ~that firat of 'all the; claims. of the: incumbent?, might, be satisfactorily"' met - and that the, balance of the'rents'and pIrofits of the Glebe'.might be made available for the above o ?urpose ' TI?hi might' have been done'someo time ago;" b'ut the tristees required the consent'of the' ionbumbent! and of the Biehop:in writing, and it ,was desirable and proper that the trustees should secure to the inoumbeot of the parish ,for the time being a larger annual sum from the,Glabe than th'e £150 provided by the Church Act. 'For this purpose also a special Act of Parliament' has becaime necessary, and I sug. geasted that £300 a year should be secured t~ him in lieu of the £150. Accordingly the trustees and the incumbent agreed by a .legal document signed by them and him 'severally in the presence of witnesses that in consideration of the sum of £300 a yoai being securee from the Glebe revenues to him and his successors as Incuinbents of St. Saviour's'Parih,; he and they would unler take to use their best endeavours to obtain an act of parliament embodying the above agreement." And on a subsequebt occasion in the beginning of last April in the presence of three gentlemen-two of them elected members of this, synod, the lscinmbent of St, Saviour's 'Parish 'signed a further document withdrawing his application to be made Dean of St. Saviour's Cathedral, and undertaking not to oppose the paessing of the oathedral act through parliament, on the understanding that he may have the privilege conceded to him of prenach ing once a Sunday in the cathedral, and be allowed to perform suchb surplice duties withiu the cathedral as he may be requested so to perform by any parishioner or parithioners; and that, iu addition to the £300 a year named above, and the occupancy of St, Saviour's old paraonage 'with eight cores of Glebeo, he shall, in lieu of surplice fees, and of offertory alms.. receive from the cathedral revenue the sum of £100 a year besildea £ 100 a year from other sources--mraking altogether 8500 a year with the parsonage anrc eight acres ,f Glebe, And thus the whole question now stands, awaiting thire action of he Sy?oed and the passing of the act of parliament. I conclude in the words publicly used wher, the toprtone was placed on the catledrmal--" ;errin may ttl true faith ever abide and brotherly I've remain; anl bohere may prayer and praise be offered continually in the . name of our Lord Jesus Chri't, who ever liveth vwjth the Father and the Holy Ghost, one God, world with. out end." 