WHEEL NOTES. By Roadster. A meeting of the Australian Cyclists' Union was held at the Oriental Hotel on Monday, the 19th inst. Present—Messrs. Bagot, Bale, Boyle, Daugans, Dick inson, Geddes, HoIIoway, Einpson, Handford, IV. H. Lends, Shackelford, Rowell, Tygoch, and Wood. The minutes of the previous meeting were read and con firmed, and the correspondence received. An in teresting report from the judges of the monster meet was received, and appears below. The matter of changing the name from " Australian C. U." to " Vic toria C. U." was then considered, and after a lengthy discussion the change was unanimously agreed upon. Mr. T. J. Empson was nominated to the offices of secretary and treasurer, and a notice of motion was tabled that the capitation fee be reduced to 1-. The meeting then terminated. The annual gold medal race of the Victoria B.C. will be run off at the Warehouseman's Cricket ground on the 31st inst. Very fair entries have been received, and the race is confined to amateurs. The handicaps are as follow:— F. H. Shackelford, scratch ; W. Woolf, 125 yards; G. Spicer, 135 yards; W. Battling, 155 yards; G. Cresswell, 170 yards; J. M'Dougall, 175 yards; H. Merritt, 185 yordB; R. Stewart, 185 yards; C. Greenwood, 190 yards; H. Munday, 205yards; F. J. Donaghan, 205yards; J. Argall, 230 yards; A. Kair, 230 yards; B. Donaghan, 235 yards; H. Bassett, 260 yards; W. Ward, 315 yards. At the meeting of the Australian Cyclists' Union council the official report of the judges appointed to decide on the merits of the clubs at the monster meet was read by Mr. Bale. It is as follows;—"In accordance with our expressed intention at the termi nation of the recent monster meet of cyclists, we, the judges on that occasion, now present to you our report. The points upon which we judged were—1. The largest muster in proportion to membership roll. 2\. Uniform appearance. 3. Excellence of tiding. The first time the riders passed the saluting-poiut was in single file, • and therefore they had but little difficulty in riding well, but here the Melbourne, the Femside, and the University showed to advantage, the attention to details be stowed by the members of the Femside being specially noticeable. The saluting of the Melbourne Club was specially good, each member waiting till fully up to the post before raising his hand. The second round was two deep, and here the Mel bourne showed to special advantage, the execution of the change of time being specially good, the steadi ness of riding and the equal distance kept by the various riders being excellent. The Fernside ana VIo toria clubs rode very well in this round, but did not give such careful attention to the saluting as they should have done. The Normanby club in this round seriously injured their chances by riding for too quickly, and paying no attention to the distance be tween each machine. The third and final round was four deep, and as this was by far the most difficult mancBurre special note was taken of the manner in which it was carried out, the more especially as this would be a more difficult task for the larger clubs. The Melbourne club showed out to. greater advan tage in this round than in any other. The very steady manner in which the manoeuvre was carried out was noticeable from the front rank to the back, and as they rode past the saluting post the best pos sible order was kept, steadiness and dressing being alike good. The Pilot club were noticeable in this round for steady and compact riding, and the Fernside deserved equal notice. The appearance of the Normanby club was certainly better than in either of the other rounds, but in their endeavours to make a special feature of the saluting, the riding was rather unsteady. We cannot help thinking that the action of this club in preceding their bicyclists with tricycles was an unwise one, as, whilst it broke the line between this and other clubs, it certainly did not help the appearance of the tricyles, as might have been done had the whole of the tricyclists of all clnbs joined in the run in a compact body. Finally the trophy presented by Mr. Bale is awarded to tire Melbourne Club, who, taking into consideration the conditions of the donor, and all the varied and changing aspects of the ride past, obtained the largest number of points, but we certainly regret that in the absence of a second prize we are unable to award more than a special meed of praise to the Fernside Club, who obtained the next laiigest number of points to the winners." The twenty-five miles amateur bicycle race of the Melbourne B.C. was held on Saturday last at the Warehousemen's Cricket • ground. The attendance was a very good one, the members of the other clnbs assembling in large numbers. The first prize was a handsome trophy valued at ten guineas, presented by Dr. Bone of Castlcinaine, and the second and third prizes were trophies presented by the blub. Out of the eighteen competitors announced to take part in the event, White, Bloomfic'd, Geddes, Carter, Lang, and Scbnitzler withdrew, leaving the race to 0. R. Stokes (M.B.C.) soratch; F. Stokes (M.B.O.) lm. 20s.; F. H. Shackelford (V.B.C.) lrn. 23s.; H. C. Bagot (M.B.C.) 5m. 5s.; J. Foulkes (N.B.C.) 5m. 15s.; J. T. Smith (Ballarat B.C.) 5m. 45s.; S. J. Anderson (M.B.C.) 5m. 47s.; G. Spicer (V.B.O.) Cm ; Dr. H, Stewart (M.B.C. j 6m 80s.; R. Norfolk, 8m.25s.; W. Scudamore (P.B.C. 9m.; F. i. Empson. The men were dospatcued by three minutes to 4, and though a stiff wind from the north was blowing, a fair pace was kept up, the soratch man knocking off his first mile in Sm. 22 l-5s. The limit man retired after doing two miles, and at five miles Scudamore led, followed by Norfolk, 8inlth, Bogot, Foulkes, Anderson, Stewart, Shackelford, F. Stokes, and the soratch man in that order. ' For the next four miles the positions did not vary much, with the exception of the scratch man gaining on the others. Norfolk gave up the ghost at nine miles, and at fourteen Anderson withdrew, H. Stokes just previously making a capital spurt and' improving the paoe considerably. Foulkes all this time had been riding remarkably well, maintaining a very steady paoe with much judgment. The BaUarat rider, Smith, led at the fifteenth mile, followed by Bogot, Scudamore, Shackelford, and the Stokoses in that order, Spioer being hopelessly last. In the next mile, to the'surprise of everyone, F. Stokes retired when his chance of winning lookoa exceedingly good. From the twentieth mile the race lay between Foulkes, Bagot, and Shackelford, the latter of whom was gaining on the scratch man. The three named kept stoadily together until the last lap, when Bagot was left behind, and the other two raced together till 200 yards from the post. Foulkes then made his final effort, and, leaving Shackelford, won by about 10 yards, Bagot third, 85 yards away. Time, In. 23m. Ss. Tho Mile Handioap Raoe of the Victoria B.C., to be held on the Warehousemen's Cricket-ground, on the 81st hist., will be contested for In beats, as follows:-First Heat—F. H. Shackelford,Scratch; W. Bartllng,155 yards; B. Stewart, 16ft yards \ V.J. Donaghaa, 205 yards; A. Malr, 230 yards. Second Heat—W. wolf, 125 yards; 3. M'Dougai, 176 yards; 0, H. Qreenwood, 190 yards; 3. Annul, 280 yards: H, Basso ttpWO yards. Xhird Heat-Geo. Bploek.185 yards; O. Cresswcll, 170 yards; H. Munday, 205 yards; H. Donaghon, 285 yards; W. Ward, 816 yards. Mr. Geo. Irish, vioe:president of the club, will aot as judge; and Messrs Burston and Hozelton, ol the Melbourne B.C., have been requested to act as starter and timekeeper respectively. The Uace Committee of the Victorian Cyclists' Union will meet on Monday evening; next, and as the date of the race meeting is rapidly approaching, im portant business has to be transacted. The trophies presented to the union ore of a very superior kind, and are numerous as well as costly. At the meeting of the Union Council on Monday last, an important matter was dealt with in changing the designation of the union from Australian to Vic torian, and with it the scope of several of its objects. Among the objects of the union were two dealing with the settlement of disputes and handicapping of the cyclists of Australia. The New South wales men objected to these and the title, as they have a union of their own and of course prefer home rule. It is in accordance with their wishes that the changes have takeu place. 