BROADBRIM'S NEW YORK LETTER, " How shall I pass the Sabbath?" I said to myself last Sunday. If I go to hear the music at Central Park, they will say I am a heathen, and if I go to Coney Island they may think I am a publican. I will hie mo to Greenwood, and there commune with the spirits of the departed. Here repose hun dreds of thousands of those who were once themovingspiritsofthe two great citiesuear it. As you enter the stately gate, before you is the tribute which the trustees of Greenwood have raised to the memory of tho late treasurer of the corporation, and who may be said to have guided its destiny for over forty years. Much of the beauty and order that glorifies this City of the Dead is due to him, who now reposes peacefully in its bosom. A few yards to the left is a rich cross which tho Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals have raised to tho memory of Louis Bonnard. Louis Bonnard was a Frenchman, who came to New York many years ago, and engaged in the manufacture of scientific in struments ; ho lived in two wretched rooms in the most disreputable part of tho city ; he denied himself the commonest necessaries of life, and was found dead in his wretched apartments. To tho great astonishment of the few who knew him, a will was discovered leaving §200,000 to tho Society for the Pre vention of Cruelty to Animals ; and the secret of tho bequest was supposed to lie in the fact that Louis Bonnard believed in me tempsechosis, and thought that when his spirit left his body, it might be transferred to a horse or a dog, and he did not want it to be abused. At all events the breath was scarcely out of his body when an army of relations, who never knew or cared for him in his life, appeared to contest tho will—they fought Henry Bergh in all the courts—and the case was finally decided in favor of the Society. Thousands pass the Frenchman's grave with out stopping to take a second look, but if the dumb brutes of the land could sing or speak not one in this vast assemblage of ghosts would have a grander peau or a louder praise than Louis Bonnard. Facing his tomb on the hillside to the cast is a beautiful littlo Grecian Temple, beneath which lies all that was mortal of John Ander son, the inventor of Solace tobacco. John Anderson may not have been the greatest man whose remains repose in Greenwood, but in his day and generation he brought much consolation and comfort to the chowers of the cud. As great a man as General Scott sent all the way from Mexico for a 101b. bos of John Anderson's Solace ; and an emi nent Presbyterian divine, whoso eloquence electrified New York 40 years ago, seldom went into his pulpit of a Sunday without a paper of Anderson's tine cut in his pocket. John Anderson's shop stood on Broadway at the corner of the City hospital grounds, and almost opposite to Pearl-street; and it was at his store that the young dudes of a couple of generations ago used to buy their cigars of tho pretty cigar girl, who was murdered at Elysian Fields, The girl was the great at traction of John Anderson's store, and he never fully recovered the shock of her loss. He retired trom business many years since, and dying loft a fortune estimated at two or three millions of dollars. Tho Anti-Tobacco League may have but little reverence or re spect for this dead benefactor of his race; but the soldier on the march, the hunter in the forest, the sailor called out of his warm bunk of a stormy night to clew up and clew down, tho hou-carrier staggering under his tremen dous load, and the ragged homeless tramp without a roof to cover him, will with kind ness remember John Andorson. A few yards from John Anderson's im posing mausoleum—a magnificent granite shaft—perpetuates the fame of Mrs. Oswald Ottendofier, the publisher of tho greatest German newspaper in the United States, the Staat;i Zutunij. This great paper was started by Mrs. Ottendofler's first husband, Mr. Ule, who died some years ago, leaving his widow with a large family, and tho control of a great city journal. Mrs. Ule was equal to the task; she not only qualified herself to perform and understand tho minutest detail of her exacting business, but she guided it on to a course of prosperity, which it had never known in her husband's life. But neither the management of her great busi ness, nor the care of her family were enough to occupy her capacious heart and brain. The cry of want and the demands of charity over found a response in her sympathetic soul ; and no worthy poor over left her door un satisfied. New York has many noble women whose lives have been beautified and glorified by every good and gracious deed, and yet among them all it would bo difficult to find a match for this dead saint. Her loving benefactions were of themselves a colossal fortune ; and dying—she did not forget in her bounty the humblest workman who was associated with her in her life. She lies be side her first husband, Mr. Ule, who helped to found the great fortune >vhich she used so wisely and so well ; and as I passed their graves, which a wild briar now unites, I reverently uncovered, remembering tho gracious promise, " Blessed are tho merci ful for they shall receive mercy," and few on this earth were more merciful and charit able than she of whom I write. In a little dale a hundred and fifty yards to the south, Lola Montez, the Countess of Landsfeldt, quietly sleeps after a boisterous and stormy life. She was an extraordinary woman. She spoke, with the fluency of a native, every language of Europe, and while there was a slight foreign accent in her Eng lish, her French, German, Italian, Spanish and Russian were so perfect that natives of the different countries insisted that she was a countrywoman. She was born in Hindo stan and spoke Hindostanee as her native tongue. She saw every phase of life from the slums of Paris to the finest palaces in Europe. One of the handsomest women in Europe, tho favored mistress of a king, a woman who went decked with jewels that would have paid a Prince's ransom, she who spent millions in her time died in this city in tho extremest poverty ; and charity, which weeps at the sins of the Magdalene gave a few feet of earth in Greenwood to Eliza Gilbert, Countess of Landsfeldt. But I feel that I must hurry away. The city is greatly exercised, that is to say the pious portion of it, at the Sunday music in Central Park. Petitions are being circu lated in all the churches against it. That is to say that the million of people in New York are to have no voice as to how they shall pass their Sabbath, but they are to be controlled by the 300,000 nominal church members, the greater part of whom aro now enjoying them selves in tho mountains or by- the seaside. The absurdity of the demand i3 more ap parent when you reflect that there is not a church in the city of any consequence which is now ministered to by its regular pastor. The great majority of theso christian shep herds have gone to Europe,—foreign air and foreign travel being absolutely necessary for them to recuperate from the dreadful mental strain of getting up one sermon a week, on a salary of from §5,000 to §20,000 per annum. Does it occur to these saints that there are 400,000 people in this city who daily toil for ten hours ; but to reach that daily toil they have to rise at five in the morning, and some of them walk miles to work, and miles homo again at night. During six days they are penned up in close factories where hundreds work in a room, and where a breath of pure air never comes. No wonder they seek the Park on Sunday and listen to the sweet strains of music and breathe the fresh air and smell the grass and tho flowers, and thank God for oven these blessings, brief though they be. One-half of our churches are closed ; pastors and people could not en dure the air of the city. Let tho poor people enjoy what God and the corporation give them—green fields, fresh air, and music. It will do them more good than all tho orthodox sermons that were ever preached, and bring them " Nearer, my God, to Thee." The running down of old Mother Mandel bautu, the notorious receiver of stolen goods, by Pinkerton's detectives, has been one of the marned events of the week. The as sociate and protector of thieves for a gener ation, she has accumulated over a million of dollars. The police are said to havo pro tected her—at any rate, she has continued for twenty years to slip through the meshes of the law. Should justice fail this time it would be a public calamity. I don't know that it has any reference to the election, but the Brooklyn Common Council, this week, advanced tho salaries of the city officials 20 to 25 percent. Politicial bannors must be paid for, and provision made for soap, and as tho day has long since gone by when we may look for flights of quails aud showers of manna, we have to take our chance, milking the city cow. Tho weather has been intolerable, Thurs day being away up among the nineties. To cap the climax, stocks took an upward turn, aud for a day or two the market was at fever heat. The election, too, is firing our blood, and it must bo gratifying to the country to know that both parties are going to bo successful, and consequently everybody satisfied. Yours truly, Broadbrim. 