AMALGAMATED SOCIETY OF ENGINEERS. Last night the annual celebration of this flourishing society was held at the Duke of Wellington hoteL Host Heritage catering excellently for a very large and representative company. Mr. T- R. Kneebone, president of the Branch, efficiently occupied the chair ; Mr. J. Clegg the vice-chair. There were also present as guests the two exmembers for the district, Messrs. Bower and Mattinson, the Mayor of Port Adelaide (Mr. J. T. King, J.P.), Messrs. Christie, Campbell, W. Stephens, and others. Substantial justice was done to the excellent table-garnish, ?nd then came on the serious duty of toasting and speech. At the appropriate time the CHAIRMAN called ' the Queen ;" and His WORSHIP the MAYOR gave "The Parliament of South Australia." Commencing with a compliment to the Society, he referred to the man ellous progress of the world during the last half-century, due largely to the inventions of the engineer. Going on with his toast, he referred to the absence of political definition in this colony, and showed that the electorates in the absence of Tory and Whig politics, should try to get representatives who had quick perceptions and large and intelligent sympathies. (Applause.) Mr. BOWER and Mr. MATTINSON rose in response; the" former remarking that he was glad that the Rev. Canon Green was not present, or himself and liis colleague would have been dubbed the ghosts of members of Parliament. (Laughter) He believed Parliament he had been connected with had ready to hear the representations and claims of the people, and to give fair and careful consideration to them. Sometimesmembersof Parliament had been accused of selfishness, but hebelie ved that nine-tenths of them were sincerely desirous of doing their duty. There was of course a great deal of ambition, and a man was not worth much without it; but he honestly believed that the representatives as a rule were anxious to advance in a legitimate way themselves and the colony. The growing intelligence of tha day gave great promise for the future, and the boys now growing up were becoming fitted to perform public duties even to representation in Parliament. The people of the Port would presently have to exercise their elective rights, and though t*.at was not a political meeting he would venture to say, that having received so large a requisition he had made up his mind to rely upon his old supporters. At the present there was no Parliament in existence, and the only person of power was the Governor and his Executive. On the followingeveningthey would hear himself and hiscolleagne and he could say they had done their best. If they had promised to do a thing they had done it. If the people of Port Adelaide would libe another person in his place he would be glad to retire, as he had before told them. But he took their requisition as a honest expression of desire that he should come forward again. He should be sorry to refuse to act for his old friends and associates in the Port. He was an engineer himself, brought up to the business, and had worked at the vice and the lathe; and he could say as a person who had worked his way up to the top of the ladder he would always strive to make it easy for others to follow. He felt thoroughly that he was one of themselves. (Loud applause.) Mr. MATTINSON said considering that he was not a member of Parliament perhaps he ought not to respond to the toast; but he felt inclined to offer a criticism on the action of the members of the Upper House. He thought the electors should be very careful in the coming elections to ascertain exactly what were the candidates' views on the taxation question, because it must occupy the attention of the Legislature, particularly that of the Council. It would be remembered that they had rejected the taxation proposals carried by the House of Assembly previous to his (Mr. Mattinson) being a member, on the ground that taxation was not necessary. But it had been clearly shown during the last three years that it was, and although he did not agree with the Bill sent up from the Assembly, still the Upper House should discuss the merits of the policy before throwing it out and saying they would allow the people to express an opinion on it. It was almost impossible for them to express an opinion on the taxation question, because there were so many questions besides. If theydidnot speak out plainly on the taxation question tbey would not impress the Upper House with the fact that it did not represent the people. They had asked him to try and get an alteration of the Marine Board so that it would have a marine engineer as one of its members to overlook practical work done by the Government. (Hear, hear.) It was impossible for his colleague or himself to work it into the Act, but the Government gave a distinct promise that on the first vacancy they would appoint an engineer to fill it. He would not say the Government would do it as they had promised so much and performed so little ; but they would shortly have an opportunity of redeeming the promise, and he thought the time was not far distant when they would see a member of the Marine Board one of their engineers. (Hear, hear.) Four names were submitted. He was not acquainted with two of them, though he thought they were competent; but from his personal knowledge of the other two he thought they would be a credit to the Marine Board and to the Engineers' Society. He referred to Messrs. Christie and (Smith, and would reccommend either to the first appointment. He was pleased the Marine Board dicl not send to England for the Governor Musgrave's engines. He did not know whether they had passed the last test, bnt he believed they had satisfied the Board and had shown to the world what Port Adelaide could do. (Applause.) He hoped they would in future keep more work in the colony ani give employment to the colonists, rather than sending work and money away. (Applause.) (Hear, hear.) Mr. Mattinson also added a few other remarks relating to his candidature at this election which were well received. Song—Mr. Carr, "Blow high, blow low." Mr. G. L. BARROW propo»ed in a thoughtful speech " The Amalgamated Society of Engineers." They were all aware it was constructed on principles of justice and right, and for tke protection of the interests of its members, without infringement upon the rights of others. Employers they saw attended heartily on these occasions, evidencing that they recognised that the Society was not in antagonism in its motif to them. The advantages of the Society to individual members were large, and were now becoming well understood ; and from the review of these the speaker branched off to the general question of co-operation as leading to a fair division of profits between the employer and employed. The whole of labor's earnings should come to the laborer, and this society by its existence and properly organized co- operation should bring this to pass. He referred to the abseuce of Mr. Smyth on that occasion, and considered that his removal was a loss to the community. He also referred to the feet that three years ago Mr Mattinson had promised to introduce a bill to make the eight hours' organization legal throughout the colony. This he had not done, and there was really little credit due to men who fought only on easily-won questions. The speaker also refernd to the fact that there were r.-forms still possible in relation to the tariff, and these, he urged, should be based upon the principle that all it was possible to manufacture in the colony should be kept in the hands of the artizau classes, so that those who were attracted to this colony should not lack a fair day's work or a fair day's wage. (Applause.) Mr. W. BERRY responded in suitable terms, furnishing a speech worthy the occasion. He said they were there to represent a society which had exhibited real steady development; and then proceeded to give a history of its establishment up to its position in 1851. In that year it experienced a time of trial, but from 1852 it contended succesfully with the obstacles to its usefulness and expansion, and had made splendid progress since. The day had gone by when it was necessary to apologise for the existence of such societies as that; trade societies to-day were a power in our midst. Their numbers were a wonder; their power of combination for good was such as to excite admiration. Those who had watched over the progress of trade societies could say—" God speed the working man." This society offered an easement and guarantee of and against the various difficulties and precarious employment of workmen, and he gave some substantial proofs of his assertion in a mass of facts and figures. They were particular who they admitted, requiring proof of. apprenticeship, and after that refusing to admit any who were not skilled and of good moral character. He thus claimed a high ground for it, and that it stood Becond to none in the world in all the departments of its operations: sick benefits, superannuations, accident-aid, financial benefits^ benevolent grants to those in distress, and in generous support to those who were out of employment, In these colonies there were fonrteen branches, with large membership and ample reserve funds. He concluded a well-prepared and eloquent speech by urging that those who were qualified should join to make the Society still stronger and more useful, and to participate in its greats benefits. (Applause.) Song—Mr. Mardon, " Red, white, and blue." Mr. GROSSE proposed "The Port Adelaide Branch, stating that from the growth and value of the Society he felt he had no cause for regret for the small share he had in forming that section in Port Adelaide. Mr. SYMES, the Secretary, responded, giving some interesting information. He stated that the income for the year had amounted to £19417s. 5d., and the expenditure to £82 4s. 7d.; the latter sum made up as follows:—Sick pay £12, donations £15 3s., benevolent grants £6 15s. funeral expenses £29, and working expenses £19 6s. 7d. The year's transactions had left them a balance to the good of £112 12s. 10d., which added to the balance in hand in March, 1883, made a total of £500 2s. lOd. Of this sum, £130 had been forwarded to England to assist other branches of the Society which were not in such a flourishing financial condition as their own, and the sum then in the bank was £370 2s. 10d., or £5 Is. 5d. per member. During the past twelve months the branch had added twelve new members, aud had lost two by death, and several by clearances. The number then on the roll was seventy- three, of whom six were out of employment. He thought it -spas bad on the p-rt oi tEf- o£ worh Government to seni IT™ out of the colony, and yet to entice workmen by means of emigration. The benefit to the country would be much greater if the Government would endeavour to keep those already in it employed by sending Government work to local firms—(Hear, hear)—than by the few pounds saved by sending it to the old country, and keeping any persons in the colony in a state of pauperism. (Applause.) Song—Mr. McFarlane, '-The Village Blacksmith." Mr. AKED propose ! " Our guests," and this was responded to by Mr. DERRINGTON. Mr. MATTINSON (replying to Mr. Barrow) took the opportunity to explain that he had not neglected the endeavor to carry out his promise in relation to the Bight Hours' Movement, but he found it simply impossible, and that Mr. Bower and himself would have been alone on the question. Mr. W. CHRISTIE proposed " The Town and Trade of Port Adelaide," giving his experiences of 2*5 years ago, and the difficulties of that day in a very amusing fashion. He expressed gratification at th» progress made, and pressed the conviction that the great present want of Port Adelaide was a gravingdock. There were in existence all other appliance? necessary for repairs of large vessels. He hoped the members who would be shortly elected would push this matter forward : it was of vast importance to the colony and to the Port and the interests of all wno were in it. Private enterprise had done a good deal, but when private enterprise failed, then Government should step in and supply that which might be necessary. Mr. MATTINSON—The Government promised one three years ago at Hawker's Creek. Mr. CHRISTIE—But there was Hawker's Creek to-day just as it was then, and what was now wanted was that the promise should be carried our. (Applause.) His WORSHIP the Mayor responded, bearing testimony to the great progress the community had made within his experience. Song—Mr. Pollard, "The Midshipmite." Mr. PETBIE peoposed " The Ladies." and this was responded to by Mr. HAMLYN, J. P. Mr, POLLARD proposed " The Press'' in a really excellent and intelligent revie .v of the position and fauctions of the Fourth Estate. Mr. DEBEINGTON responded ; and the final toast of "The Host and Hostess" was proposed by Mr. CLEGG, and duly acknowledged. The order of the evening was then " A little more harmony, gentlemen," and a most successful gathering closed. 