CAULFIELD TRAINING NOTES. YesterJay was a dull gloomy morning, and it looked very much as if rain would fall before the horsos would hnvo had time to bo put through tbe work allotted to them. Fortunately the threat- ening aspect of the weather changed, and there now appears overy indication of its being fine for to-day's racos. Although one of tho off days, the course limited to tho outside running was thrown open to trainers, but moat of them proferred the middle and inner tracks on Which to exercise. The morning's work was early over, and no-hing-of a sensational oharaclor took place. Connelly aent Angler cud Friendless on tho Band usoful work. Veritas and Orlando on tho inner track woro cantering. Iiiginbotbam treated Capri and Logrand to a mile and quarter on tin grass— a good working gallop— both striding along at a good bat. Don Quixote was given a round, galloping strongly. Tissue and Eglinton were stretched for half a mile. Darojiu's filly, Umbra, did a slow round. Gray's team 'worked woll ; all strode along at a good pace, Gasalicr being the pick of the basket as far as condition went. Yately got over a mile and a distance alone ; the grey looks in blooming condition. Batty also gave Deceiver woiking exercise on the sand, and Umberto per formed on the grass. Jrnes appeared with The Bohemian, Violet and First Pop. Starting oppo site the stand Violet bolted snd went through the gate, which was open, subsequently return- ing to the course without having sustained any injury. The three then cantered on the gran. Melodious went a slew round. £u>id wis girqa a ewLgeUw a half, bat ha was lahorin? at tho finish. Tand- ' sticker, with Mistake, "were trotting on Band. Graco Darling and Burra Hurra cantered and spirted on tho grass. Tho Ghost/Spartan, Gildcroy, Canute and Tippity YFitchett worked on tho inner track. Kingfisher and Nuncio, on , tho course, tiotted and cantered, as also did Cupola. Keho, the Tasmunian steeplechaser, was doing walking exercise. DavU trotted David, Dargo, Ditto nnd Camorine, and rattled homo tho last half mile. On Thursday afternoon, King on Hazard, and Batty on Ontario, wont two rounds over tho hurdle, Ontario jumping splendidly, Hazard being allowed to lead at the finish. Yately cantered two rounds, spirting and canter ing another round. 