THE ORIENTAL BANK. (FROM OCR MELBOURNE CORRESPONDENT.) The associated banks held their pro jected meeting to-day, and had the affairs of the Oriental bank under consideration, but no decision was announced in refe rence to the burning question of taking up the notes, and the meeting was further adjourned. Owing to the almost impene trable mystery with which the bank managers see fit to surround their pro ceedings, it is not easy to get at the exact result of their deliberations, and it is scarcely to be wondered at if the different reports as to what has taken place diverge considerably. One thing is apparent, and that is that the feeling is not quite as hopeful to-day as it was yesterday. The employees of the post and telegraph department which was the only one that paid salaries with Oriental Sank notes, have been somewhat comforted by the announce ment that the Premier has decided to give favorable consideration to any applica tion made by Government servants who were paid in Oriental notes before the 3rd inst. for the exchange of their notes for gold, but precautions in the shape of a sworn declaration, will be taken to prevent the State from being swindled by unscru pulous persons who may endeavor to palm off on the Government notes which were not received from it at all. In connection with the stoppage of the Oriental Bank, there seems to be a good deal of difference of opinion here as i regards the legality of the course pursued I by many holders of the notes of that institution, who passed them off to [ persons ignorant of the suspension, between twelve o'clock on Saturday, when the doors of the Melbourne and I suburban offices closed at the ordinary hour, and 10 o'clock on Monday morning, when the first official intimation of the state of affairs was posted outside the bank premises. There can, of course, be no doubt as to the immorality of the conduct of those persons who passed the notes during that interval, knowing that the bank had stopped, but the question which appeara to be open to discussion is as to the dry legality of the proceedings, and thi3 is a point on which it is ex tremely probably that will in more cases than one be remitted to a legal tribunal. In the meantime curious stories are told of the different ways in which owners of the notes, not troubled with too many conscientious scruples, carried out their determination to get rid of them, if pos sible, at all hazards. Not the least amus ing of these anecdotes is one to the effect that, shortly after the publication of the Herald on Saturday afternoon, an elderly female was standing behind the counter of her fruit shop in Swanston-street with that paper in her hand, reading the re port of the stoppage, when two young men entered and made a purchase, in payment for which one of them laid down a £1 note. "Ah ! " remarked the old lady, " people must mind what notes they take now, for I see the Oriental Bank has stopped." " Oh, yes ma'am," was the ready answer, " but thin one is all right as you see," whereupon Mrs —-—, taken aback, or as our Yankee friends would Say, "bluffed" by the bold front put upon the situation by the customer, gave him the change, and allowed the pair to take their departure in peace. It was not until a few minutes afterwards that she thought it worth while to go into the back room to fetch | her spectacles for the purpose of making a more careful examination of the note. The reader will already have guessed the sequel—the "promise to pay" was no other than that of the bank of whose fail ure she had just been reading, and when she closed her shop that night, she was both a wiser and a sadder woman than when she had opened it in the morning. "With reference to the case of those public I servants in the Postal and other depart- | ments, who were paid their salaries for last month in notes on the Oriental Bank, and who were still the holders of such notes when the suspension of payment was announced, I hear that the Govern ment are disposed to give every consider ation to any representations that may be I made in reference to the matter through ' the heads of the respective departments | in which the recipients of the notes may be emyloyed. In taking back the Oriental notes, and giving either gold or the notes of other banks in exchange, the Government will be doing no more than has, in many cases, already been done by private individuals in regard to those of their employes whom they may have paid in a kind of paper which has now ceased to have any currency as the representa tive of its full original value. M. de Fouvielle has suggested the follow iug method of deteciiug infernal machines:— | All luggage to be placed on wooden tables supported by iron feet, but not nailed to j them. A microphone to be placed on each of j the tables, when any ticking or other noise j proceeding from the luggage would at once become audible. The great domestic invention of the day llappy release from elbow grease. Kennedy's Stab BkaNd Stabch Gloss—the laundress, true friend. Gives extra stiffness and gloss to ail starched goods. For collars, 6liirt fronts, cuffs, ladies' skirts, lace curtains, etc. The secret of the good laundress. Sold by all chemists and grocers. Packets, 3d. ■ Prepared byJjM. Kennedy, 95 Toorak road. Ghosts.—An attempt is bein made in the old country to revive the belief in visitants from another world, and many are the won- [ derful stories that fill some of the journals. The sceptical mind is, however, inclined to adopt Scrooge's remark to Marley's ghost: " How do I know that you are not a bit of undigested bread ?" for, of all the ghost pro ducers, a bit of "heavy" bread is the most potent. It is a wonder, therefore, that people do not adopt the surest spell against ghosts by using Borwick's Gold Medal Baking Powder in making bread; for, although it won't "raise ghosts," it will raise bread in the mo3t admirable fashion. Every wise store keeper has it by him, and every fgood house wife buys it. ■ A Peabl-like Whiteness of the teet , healthy gums_, and fragrant breath, are ob tained by using Bowhmds' Odonto, proved during the last seventy-tax years to be the best dentifrice ever used ; and far superior to all other pastes, washes, or tooth powders. Bow lands' Macassar Oil preserves, strengthens, and beautifies the human hair, prevents it falling off or turning grey, and eradicates scurf, dand riff, &c.; Soldby all chemists, druggists,stores, etc. "Wholesal Agents, Victoria, Felton, Griin w da & Co. Melbourne.—I Ar>v A DELioioca treat. It's just lovely; Ken nedy's Keal Genuine Cubby Powdeb unsur passed for flavor, strength, and piquancy, One trial asked for. Used now in most of the best houses. M. Kennedy challenges the world for parity, strength, and flavor. Same price as curries of an inferior quality Tins, 3d, fid, la, 5s, 10s each. Sold by all I grocers. Prepared only by M. Kennedy 27 [ Chapel-street, Prahipp 