THE SKETCHER. LONDON LANDMARKS. No. L " Cursed be he who removes the old land marks." This solemn warning, given in ancient days by the great Hebrew legislator, was necessarily oi vast importance, as map making and surveying [were then unknown arts. Nothing but the stone he had set np divided one man's province from another, and marked the scene of some great event, a well-spring of water, or a birthright. This was all, together with the stars of heaven, which they had to guide them. The changes of time, the destructions of improvement, and the necessities inevitably brought by modern civilization are rapidly remodelling London, and with every passing year a land mark is lost. Soon the birthplaces and tombs of great men, the battle-fields of old factions, and the thousand and one places { which form the greatest charm of London I will be totally effaced. Sentiment cannot stand in the way of an ever-increasing popu lation. "To many people London is—London. They see it as it is now, and have a vague in distinct idea, that thus it has always been the greatest city in the world." It is almost impossible to realize that what is now known as London with its acres of acres of graud buildings and terraces, vast palaces and cathedrals, traffic so immense that to facili tate it roads are burrowed underground, and subterranean railways honeycomb it, and flying bridges are thrown over its main thoroughfares, was once a little tVehh village. It is difficult to accept this fact, looking now upon its many wonders, vast 1 tributary fleets, beautiful Parks, quiet squares, making patches of vivid green amongst their smoky surroundings; and above all, its population of over three million souls, hurrying and jostling each other in the crowded streets. High born and low, rich and poor,constantly introducing new customs, new manners, diseases, follies, aud amuse ments. Yet once all that made London was comprised in a few huts clustered round Ludgate Hill, crowned on the top by its fort or dun. King Lud, from whom the Hill was namedj is traditionally Bupposed to have raised it sixty-five years before the birth of Christ. In the time of Queen Elizabeth there were six gates running along the wall, and opening into Ludgate-Btreet, Paul's-allev, Canon-alley, Washing-street, Cheapside, and Paul's Chain. The one opening into Lud gate-street was adorned by effigies of King Lud and his sons, and a statue of Elizabeth stood in the niche at the western side. At the Great Fire the gate was destroyed, but the statue was preserved. A prison set apart for free men and persons in Orders, . stood close to this gate in the days of Richard II. It is said that the prisoners were obliged to buy everything bat water, and many of them were starved. It was no uncommon thing for a passer-by to be solicited for alms by some unhappy man behind the barred windows. From the stones of this building Newgate arose. It was rebuilt after the Great Fire by Wren, end after the Gordon riots by George Dance, R.A. Since then the whole of the interior has been remodelled, nothing remaining of Dance's work but the gloomy solid walls. Formerly the prisoners were huddled together, and frightful diseases arose, the prin- ' cipal one beiugjknown as " gaol distemper." | TortureB were inflicted, the custom of press ing to death continuing until 1734. Every onejs familiar with the atrocities committed during the Gordon Riots. How the gutters were rivers of blazing spirits and blood 1 How the rioters burnt down the prison and set the prisoners free! The great bell of St. Giles tolled solemnly as prisoners were taken from Newgate to Tyburn, where the condemned was hanged on a beam placed above the oart. Bunches of rosemary and rue were sprinkled round them; the Courts wherein they were tried were strewn with aromatic herbs, and bou quets were also placed before the Judges. Mint and thyme, rosemary and rue. "Rue is for remembrance." This custom was ' thought to purify the atmosphere, which, through defective ventilation, was often noisome. Close to Newgate street stood the Church of St. Michael, which was built in the reign of Edward the Second. At the east end of the building stood the old Cross, which was destroyed by the Great Fire, and at the north- west corner of the Cathedral stood the Bishop's Palu e, - or , Town Inn. After the splendid tournament at Smithfield, where, Phili.) de Co nfines tells us, "the Burgadean knights were mightily overthrown, Edward the Third and his Queen were royally enter tained in the Palace. Edward the Fifth lodged there, we are told, before his corona tion. This palace was destroyed in the middle of the seventeenth century, as was also the parish church of St. Gregory, which stood where Qaeen Anne's statue now is—at the north-west end of the CathedraL The cross, which is so famed, was used for pro clamations, public and ecclesiastical ceremo nies, and oftentimes civil. A pulpit was at tached to it, which was surmounted by a cross, covered with lead and approached by a flight of steps. Every Sunday morning a celebrated divine preached from this pulpit, the congregation sitting in the open air, or in bad weather in the shrowds, which Strype tells us was a covered enclosure by the side of the Cathedral. DeanMilman said—"As preaching became more and more popular, and began more and more to rule the public mind, the cross became not only the pulpit of the Cathedral, but that of the Church of England." There it was that preachers displayed their powers of ^oratory, and here it was that many scenes were enacted. The ill-fated Jane Shore, unhappy enough to please a monarch, did public penance here; Dr. Kid ley publicly branded the sisters Mary and Elizabeth as bastards; Elizabeth, in her royal coach, listened to the sermon of Dr. Fierce, Bishop of Salisbury. Stormy scenes were witnessed here, famous among them the thundering de nunciation of Bishop Stobely and his impera tive order to cast Tyndall's Testament into the flames. On this side, when excavations were being made prior to the erection of a new Cathedral, the remains of a Roman ceme tery were discovered. Concerning this the following passage is found among Sir Chris topher Wren's notes:—"Under the later graves were the burial-places of the Saxon times. They lined their graves with chalk stones, though some had coffins ot solid stone. Below these were British graves, where were found ivory and boxwood pins, about six inches long, in great abundance. The bodies were wrapped and iiinned in woollen shrouds, which soon decayed. This was at a depth of eighteen feet, and be longed to the colony when Romans and Britcns lived together. The most remarkable urns, lamps, lachrymatories, and sacrificial | vessels were found aeep in the ground towards the north-east corner of Cheapside. They were in general of admirable workmanship. A vessel like a basin, whereon was depicted Charon with hie oar receiving a naked ghost, with the inscription ' Pater Czo.'" Fancy a graveyard in the heart of London in which lie literally layers of Britons, Saxons, and Normans, or rather their bones and dust. Could there be a better commen tary on the text "Vanity, vanity, all is vanity!" Perhaps, by- and-by, in centuries to come, some antiquarian prowling amongst graves may gloat over relics of Queen Vic toria's age. In the crypt of the vast Cathe dral those heroes, Wellington and Nelson, lie buried, and git is full of the monuments and statues of great men. Hero worshippers spend many an hour in the dim mysterious light of this place, poring over inscriptions and recalling the mighty deeds and prowess of those wno now lie there in their last resting - place. ... In the olden times the churchyard was surrounded by celebrated coffee - houses, and a lot ot booksellers' shops fronted it. known as Paternoster-row, probably from the circumstance that at first very few books beyond. Paternosters and other Church services' were sold there, This street was afterwards taken up by mercers, and was the fashionable shopping place of the nobility, the upper end of it being still retained by booksellers. Amongst them the well-known firm of Longman, Hurst, Green, Orme, and Brown, the first publishers of Sir waiter Scott's works. It is stated on good authority that this firm paid Sir Walter, in less than fifteen years, a sum of £20,000; whilst they gave Moore 3,000 guineas for the copyright of " Lalla Kookh." The most celebrated coffee houses in this quarter were the "Chapter," built in the reign of William IH., and which has only been closed within comparatively late years. The rooms, lit by small, thick-glassed win dows , were low and dark, but possessed a certain air of comfort. It was chiefly fre quented by the booksellers and professional men. An old chronicler tells us that for the sum of fivepence an excellent cup ol coffee could be procured, the waiter always expect ing and always receiving a penny. Teupence was charged for "four delicate ham sand wiches and a glass of sherry," the two pence out of tbe shilling being generally handed to the waiter. The same sum was charged for " a pot of excellent tea, six thin slices of bread and butter, or toasted muffins." Near the Cathedral also was the Queen's Arms, where Garrick usually met and conversed with his colleagues on theatri cal affairs. Here also Dr. Johnson started a Club, making the condition that "patriots should be excluded," which exception was, no doubt, a sly thrust at Wilkes. Here, also, Goldsmith and Chatterton often came. In fact the Queen's Arms may be described as the principal resort of all the leading men of genius in London. An old house famed as the abode of Chatterton, situated in Brooke street, Holborn, has lately been destroyed : as also the house in Fox-court leading oat of Gray's Inn-lane into Brooke-street, where Savage was born. Next perhaps in importance as a coffee house comes Dolly's,' where George For dyce, the great epicurean doctor of the eighteenth century, dined daily for twenty years, taking.with Ms dinner "a tankard of strong ale, a quarter of a pint of brandy, and a bottle of port." That these potations did not affect him much is proved by the fact that he received and taught his pupils alter dining at "Dolly's." Addison in one of .his tSpectators says that a gentleman whom he knew, and whose annual income was only £40, managed to eke it out and live very well by almost living in these coffee-houses, where he was always oordially received by reason of his never failing to rive the expected penny to the waiter. The coffee-houses in this neighbourhood were too numerous to mention in detail. There were the Mitre, St. Paul's, and many others, all famed in their several ways. Near Ludgate Hill, St. Martin's Church, one of Sir Christopher Wren's greatest masterpieces, rears its huge tower and spire in calm sere nity amidst the roar of traffic that surrounds it. Between the street and the body of the church is an ambulatory, which almost deadens the mighty pulse of London. Could old King Lud but near it throbbing in its great vitality! Entering the church the eye is at once canght by the beautifully-carved roof, supported on four massive Corinthian pillars. The gallery, which runs round the northern side and terminates at the organ loft is also carved superbly. Tbe beautiful font, has a Greek inscription on it, and in the vestry is a very ancient carved bench, Emerging from this sanctuary into the glare and flare of noon-day t into the deafen ing uproar of traffic, the extent of which may be judged from Timb's assertion in his " Cariosities of London":—"Through Ludgate-hill and street there have passed in twelve hours 8,752 vehicles, 13,025 horses, and 105,352 persons." Probably it was oa the summit of this hill that Haydon and Fuseli stood watching the sublime canopy that shrouds the city of the world; and as for a brief space the cloud of brown smoke ro21ed away, disclosing St. Paul's and all the mighty buildings, the streets teeming with life, Fuseli exclaimed—"By George, Sir, it's like the smoke of the Israelites making bricks for the Egyptians!" to which Haydon responded—"it is grander, Fuseli 1 for it is the smoke of a people who would have made the Egyptians make bricks for them." 