BUDDHTSM AND CHRISTIANITY. At the last meeting held in February, by the Victoria (Philosophical) Institute, 7, Adelphi Ter race, London, a paper was read by the Rev. R. C. Coilins, M.A., on Buddhism hi relation to Chris tianity. Referring to the parallels between the ' persons and characters of Buddha and Jesus Christ, he saicl : — lake, as a prominent instance, the birth stories. I need not here give details, which are to be found in any modern work on Buddhism. The supposed miraculous conception ; the bringing down of Buddha from the Tusita heaven ; the Devas acknowledging his supremacy; the presentation in the Temple, when the images of Iudra and other gods threw themselves at his feet ; the temptation of Mara — which legends are embellished by the modern writer I have already quoted, under such phrases as "Conceived by the Holy Ghost," " Born of the Virgin Maya," " Song of the heavenly host," "Presentation in the Temple and temptation in the wilderness " — none of these is found in the early Ptli texts. The simple story of ancient Buddhism is that an ascetic, whose family name was Gautama, preached a new doe- trine of human suffering and a new way of deliver ance from it. There is no thought in the early Buddhism, of which we read in the Pali texts, of deliverance at the hands of a god ; but the man Gautama Buddha stands alone in his striving after the true emancipation from sorrow and ignorance. The accounts of his descending from heaven, and being conceived in the world of men, when a pre ternatural light shone over the worlds, the blind received sight, the dumb sang, the lame danced, the sick were cured, together with all such embel lishments, are certainly added by later hands ; and if here we recognise some rather remarkable like nesses in thought or expression to things familiar to us in our Bibles we need not be astonished, when we reflect how great must have been the influence, as I have before hinted, of the Christian story in India in the earlv centuries of the Christian era, and, perhaps, long subsequently. This is a point which has been much overlooked ; but it is abun dantly evident from, among other proofs, the story of the god Krishna, which is a manifest parody of the history of Christ. The Bhagavat-Gita, a theosophical poem put into the mouth of Krishna, is something among the productions of the East, containing many gems of what we should call Christian truth wrested from their proper setting, to adorn this creation of the Brahman poet and in dicating as plainly their origin as do the stories of his life in the Maha-Bharata ; so that it has not unreasonably been concluded that the story of Krishna was inserted in the Maha-Bharata to fur nish a divine sanction to the Bhagavat-Gita. _ If, then, as there is the strongest reason to believe, the Christian story, somewhere between the first and tenth centnries of the Christian era, forced it self into the great Hindu epic, and was at the foun dation of the most remarkable poem that ever saw the light in India, can we be surprised if we find similarly borrowed and imitated wonders in the later Buddhist stories also ? Several Home and Colonial applications to join the Institute as guinea subscribers were received, and its object being to investigate all philosophical and scientific ques tions, especially any said to militate against the truth of the Bible, — a discussion ensued in which Mr. Hormuzd Rassam, Professor Lietner, froni Lahore, Mr. Coles, an earnest student" of the ques tion during 25 years' resideuce in Ceylon, Professor Rhys Davids, and others took part, all agreeing in and confixming the statements of Mr. Collins' paper. Di\ Leitner brought a large number of photographs of early Indian and Tatar sculptui'es, showing the first introduction of the Christian story into those monuments between about the second and tenth centuries, and he pointed out the value of such additional eonfii'mation of Mr. Collins' statements. It is a generally accepted theory (say? an American paper), that quartz, sandstone, and slate are formations which require thousands of years to form. Some time ago, in Vir ginia City, conductor Havenor showed a pressman a specimen of quartz which never could have existed over 15 years ago. The quartz in question was taken out of the Yel low Jacket mine, from between the timbers. The timbers were put in 15 years ago, and the matter forming the quartz had appa rently oozed through a crack and adhered to it like a cauliflower. There was a mass rather soft and crumbling to the touch, and in some places woven together like threads ; and in this mass, and a part of it, were three distinct and perfectly-formed quartz crystals. The mass had been pushed through the crack while in a plastic state, and then formed in the bunch described. The specimen in the possession of Mr. Havenor shows where it adhered to the timber. He also has a piece of sandstone taken from the creek at Stevens mill, near Dayton. The mill was built 12 years ago, and a portion of a wooden stake driven into the ground at the time is solidly embedded in the sandstone, which is as firm and hard as any sandstone of the old sand stone period. There is a rusty nail in the wedge. 