IF the Land Bill were lost through any adverse action taken with reference to it by the Legislative Council, we do not think the Liberal party would feel called upon to saturate their pocket-handkerchiefs with tears. The bill was certainly a safer measure for the country when it left the Legislative Assembly than when it was originally introduced into thatChamber, especially with the redaction made in the gross area to be sold by auction, and the safeguards introduced as a means of facilitating the development of mining. Nevertheless, the bill was a hazardous one when it was sent to the Upper House:—hazardous, not so much for what it proposed to do, as for what its effects may be expected to be — and, therefore, if it was strangled by any mutilation of it, or by any addition made to it, by the Council, no " weeps" would be indulged in by those who have no sympathy with land rackets and land monopoly, but have the real welfare of all classes of the community at heart. But- if the bill is bound to go through in spite of any -alterations which may be made in its provisions by the Council, then there is real cause for alarm over what that Souse did with it on Tuesday evening; and if the Government and the Assembly should assent to the changes then made, they will show a sad disregard of their duty to the people. The Council then struck out the clause which provided that where there was more than one applicant for a pastoral area, who should obtain the lease should be decided by a board to be appointed by the Minister, and resolved that tenants should be at liberty to mortgage their leases without first obtaining tbe consent of the Minister for the purpose. What ' the Council intends to substitute for the board in the first case, haB not so far been explained. But judging by the speeches delivered, when there is more than one applicant the Council will provide, that the right to a lease shall be determined by auction, as the "bill when originally introduced roposed, although the board was subequently substituted for this provision n deference to public feeling. Now, ll must know by this time what the esult of auctions would be in such C cases. As we have pointed ont before, so we repeat now, the man of moderate means would never have the " ghost of a show, 1 ' under such -scheme,- - of—getting« pastoralallotment worth having, as money bags would be too much for him in the contest. The syndicates which aria known to be forming, would get all the areas worth appropriating, as witbvthe' brute force of capital at their command thiey could keep out all applicants who sought to get an area anywhere between the aggregation of areas which each syndicate will reBplve to take up. Therefore, if auction should be fixed upon by-the Council, that Chamber will simply play: into the hands of the syndicates, the end of it being that comparatively; small number of capitalists will get hold of: the whole of the pastoral areas worth, absorbing,- no one outside of them, having the least .chance of . getting in between; so that the upshot will be that nearly the whole, of the pastoral country "will be held in fewer,, hands than is, the case ..even now. ; The board appointed ; by the /Minister would have; spoiled this little game, as it would no doubt have . occasionally'given men of small means areas intersecting the compact amalgamated areas .which the syndicates intend to absorb, or the lot system, which we suggested when the bifl was before; the Assembly, would have leen.. still ' ore effective In - spoiling the monoolies 1 which; are: being matured. ut the auction-system would give theyndicates the* whip-hand of the «ituaion.completely,espe,cially,vasthereis o "limit -to • the" number: of »allot-: ents eaoi, w Y i o a n t m a y teke „p; i t nd, the-^^^f the auction ay8tem c e - the, s^titute which - the Council t there is good reason to jolteVe it will—then will a state of htngs be-introduced of a most mis- 'cMeVous and unfair character, and' one witch, if the Government and tUe •Assembly should endorse, will make the present Land Bill one of the most iniquitous and. damaging measures of the kind yet carried. Especially wil\ this' be the esse if, as we and others fear, the fee-simple should be "ultimately secared j for t&en; larger estates will be created' in -a few hands by, the bill than has ever before happaned here, not omitting even what occurred. under the ©affy Act, which, m ibis respect, did a heap of dam which centuries will hardly uffice to repair. As reganSs the other change made by the Council on TAFSday evening, it is equally objectionable, wit& « return to the. .-auction system, to create a few of the most gigantic lajsd monopolies which this part of the world has ever seen. There would be bogus mortgages drawn up as well as (legitimate mortgages, and the leases would be so steeped in claims, that it would be impossible for the Srate to do Anything in the -shape of taking away the holdings from the present lessees when the leases, expired. The " vested interest" business and the " no repudiation" business would be so great that the Legislature would be» prevented from acting justly to the. whole public with these areas, as it has been prevented before; and so heavy would be the handicap on the leases that a pretext would be given for asking for the fee- simple to be issued at a price—an appeal which, judging by the past, >would not be made in vain. As the bill stood in this regard when it left the Assembly, a mortgage could not have been given on a lease without it had been reviewed and sanctioned by the Minister; and this would have been a great safeguard against any of those dodges which our Land Acts have so disastrously developed. But if leases should be mortgaged under the sanction of the law, just as the new holders of the land think fit, then we may be sure the scheming which will go on will be something prodigious, not only to tie up the hands of the Government and the Legislature when the leases run out, but also to have a cogent argument in favor of the fee-simple being'allowed, when the time is ripe for getting up a political agitation'to effect this object. The two alterations in the bill, therefore, which the Council made on Tuesday evening, may well excite alarm in the minds of those persons who want to see land monopoly kept down, and the country saved from any more additions being made to the number of the present large estates, the existence of which all ontside their possessors deplore. Hence,' the Government and the Assembly may well be asked by ourselves and others not to agree to these alterations being incorporated with the bill; for more damaging moves in favor of the syndicates, which are preparing to rush the land when the bill becomes law, could not be designed or effected. The bill was risky enough when it left the Assembly; but with the changes just made by the Council affirmed by the Governu ent and the Lower House, a more disastrous Land Bill to the com- munity could not be easily imagined or constructed. IF it be true what was stated in yesterday's Courier, that, the two lepers in Ballarat East are allowed to remain here, because legal advice has declared leprosy not to be contagious, then very little, can be said for the legal advice, and quite as little of those authorities who allow themselves to be influenced by it. That leprosy is contagious is now placed beyond all doubt; and to show the value of the legal advice, and the mistake of the authorities in allowing themselves to be i by it, we • will- proceed to give some very tangible facts ton the subject. Oar amhorities are the Medical_ Record and the New York Morning Journal, although additional authorities could -be quoied were this necessary for our object, .or if we had space enough for the purpose. The Medical Journal says " there iB little doubt that leprosy, just as syphilis, is contagious, i.e., through the secretions and blood," so that those persons who reside within reachof the effluvia arising from such outhouses as the two lepers in Ballarat East use, are always in danger of being impregnated with the disorder. The only thing ; that saves Europeans .is being of cleanly habits; but where these cleanly habits are not shown, or observed, the risk of "taking" the terrible complaint is B present. Bnt the New York Morning Journal puts the case in a more concrete form, gives actual instances of impregnation from the most ordinary kind of contact, and thus places the matter beyond all possible question. This journal says— Here are photographs of four white men with leproey. The first is a rich farmer near San Jose. He hired .twelve or thirteen hinamen to pick fruit for him. He. sup- po6es that he contracted, leprosy from them. The second is an engTneer''m"Sah''T , ranci8co.. He believes that he- got the leprosy through shirts washed at a Chinese laundry. The next is xa American -printer,: who was iniected with, leprosy by smoking cigarettes made by Chinamen. Hie Sogers have dropped off. The fourth photograph-is that of a sheep-farmer, near San Francisco, who hired Chinese, herdsmen,' from whom he contracted the horrible disease. Here is a picture of a young woman with,,a. black mantle thrown over her head whohas this leprosy so terribly. She is a young woman of one of the wealthiest families in California. She iB highly educated, and only twenty-six years old. The whole family have leprosy, three daughters, two sons, father and mother. They live in a fine house in Wan Francisco, and' never go out of it. They contracted leprosy from Chinese servants employed in the house. Only two weeks ago a beautiful- and educated English girl was arrested on a steamer which had arrived ai San Francisco f from' Honolulu,- because she had leprosy, which ehe had contracted from Chinese. The Chinese at the Sandwich Islands and the Philipine Islands, have impregnated those placea with leprosy, ' and nearly annihilated the whole people. . If, . after : reading.. these - extracts, any lawyer advises that leprosy is not contagious, what can be said of-him, except that-he does not know what he is talking about,, or quibbles with the law in a manner worthy of a DODSOJ*", or & FOGG, but not of any respectable practitioner. ~ It - is quite -certain that leprosy Is a contagious disorder; and it is equally certain that, if the authorities remdVed-the' two lepers in Ballarat East to the- sanatorium at Point Ifepean, there would be no damages, obtained. On the contrary, «rary, a . proper and judicious.Btejft in the inte^tB —'—® of a he Euro^u eection of the Victorian ^ ommnuity, wouM be taken, without ^ he laaat danger of legal proceedings " springing "u"p7or ® "^"wS^natfan i: . being v/Qn, as the lepers, and any J legal; ' - •• ' ' practitioner who could L take up their cases, would not ne m corlrt a moment before the judge would crJI them that thev bad no case, and tr.ll them tnat iney , that the sooner they — „ aU cleareS out or hiB presence the better he wouia : like it. Let the Ballarat EaBt Board U of Health, then, go to work to transfer the two lepers to Point Nepean without anyjmore| delay. Ballarat public opinion desires 1 this - to be • done; ' and it = iB quite sure that no legal complications would be entailed upon the board by sonecesBary and .warrantable a proceeding! Tbe whole population here is in danger while the lepers remain, aa the above extracts confirm; and surely this fact ought to be ample "to stimulate their speedy removal to where they would be well fed, clothed and housed, but where they could do no harm to anybody by their unhappy existence, little more local vigor is required in thi& case; and it is to be hoped this vigor, will appear and make itself felf before any European has been infected, The railway-gate obstruction in Lydiard street was again the cause of the greatest annoyance, to pedestrians and drivers of vehicles yesterday, .and it is very certain that if not soon removed. serious accident will result. Having reduoed the street to leas than half its proper width, the swing gates for pedestrians are only sufficiently large to allow a moderate-sized man to squeeze through. The force with which the gate springs back also is a source of danger, and yesterday a lady with a child in her arms was thrown violently to the ground, while nurses with perambulators were compelled to take the middle of the road at the risk of being run over by passing vehicles, A block occurred during the day at the eastern aide of the gates, two or three perambulators being unable to get through, white a number of mqn, women, and boys were cooped up in the small recess serving as, a gateway. An indignation meeting of ratepayers is called for Friday evening* next at the North Star hotel, to protest against the bungling made by the department, and against the action in closing up the public highway. Yesterday Mr Philpot, of the engineering branch, was inspecting the work for the purpose of reporting thereon to the commissioners, and it is to be hoped that the laBt named will see at once the necessity of clearing, away the obstruction for a more enitable passage way. An important conference of representatives of Kingston mining companies was held yesterday afternoon at Craig's hotel to consider the question of assisting the Lord Harry Company in pumping operations. Mr Batttn, chairman of the Lord Harry directors presided^ and pointed out the benefits derived by the neighboring companies in having the water drained by the Lord Harry machinery. The meeting was rather lengthy, and at times a little lively. On behalf of the Lord Harry Company it was stated that the expenses .of pumping were about £150 per week, and if the 'five neighboring companies paid two-thirds of that amount, the Lord Harry would pay one-third and continue work. Otherwise operations would be suspended, in which event tho water .would rise and inconvenience the adjoining companies. It waB suggested by Mr Kandail, for the Madame Berry Company, that the five companies contribute £10 each per week, but this was rejected by the Lord Harry directors, and ultimately an adjournment was .made to enable the matter to be reconsidered by the directors of the companies interested. A report appears elsewhere, An exciting chase after a lunatic interested the people who thronged the Western railway station yesterday afternoon, about the time of starting the Ararat train. The lunatic, a young man named JohnVining, having given the police some trouble, waB placed in a straight-jacket, and driven in a cab to the station, under the care of Constables Egan and Trainor. Vining, it ap- pears, is a very smart runner, and while Sergeant Carden was getting the tickets, he took advantage of an opportune moment, and bolted.' Egan and Trainor were soon after him, but he raced over to the goods sheds ahead of them, travelling like a deer, in spite of the straight-jackot. Egan, who is also pretty fleet of foot, overtook him, but the stiff canvas of tho runaway's dress presented nothing to grasp, and the lunatic doubling, got away again. In and out between the trucks, at a-rare pace, he rattled about and Egan, in his eagerness, got a very nasty fall. Constable O'Orady guarded the Lydiard street crossing, and Sergeant Carden, making a detour round the shed;\camesnddenly upon the escapee, and pinioned him. The chase was viewed by a crowd of spectators, some of whom nearly lost their train through watching it. The lunatic was hurried into a cab, and to the station, just in time to catch the train, The City Fire Brigade completes the twenty-fifth year of its existence next month, and to celebrate the close of the quarter of a century—its silver wedding iB the oolloquial expression for the festivity—will hold a picnic at Dowling Forest. The picnic, we understand, is to be conducted on a grand scale, and a special train will convey the picnickers to the conrse. Sports are to be held on the ground, and the occasion is to be made one for unusual festivities. A monster picnic under the auspices of tbe Maryborough Church of England management, took place yesterday, at the Ballarat. Botanic Gardens, the visitors having arrived by two special trains shortly after ten o'clock. At the gardens variouB kinds of out-door amoBementB were indulged in, and the lake was also dotted with sailing and rowing boatB full of holiday-makers. The visitors numbered about 1100, including the Maryborough" brass'band, and the'' weather was all that oould be desired. A return was made about seven o'clock. The monthly shooting matches by the Ballarat Gun'.Club: took place yesterday on the common, and- some most extraordinary scores were made by some of the competitors, it being questionable whether the shooting haa been equalled in the colonies. The first event was the second competition for Mr Robertson's trophies, for which there was a full number nf entries. Mr Wright (assumed name), at 31i yards, killed 14 birds in suc- cession; Mr John Robertson, 31 yde. 13 of 14; Mr T..W Purdue, 24 yds, 13 of 14; Mr Allender, 31$ yds, 10 of 11. In the tenth competition for the president's trophy, Messrs AUender J. Robertson, and T. W. Purdue each .killed 18 birds in succession, when the supply-.became.exhausted, and the shootingoff had to be adjourned. It will be eeec, therefore, that the three. gentlemen named killed 103 birdB.of. lp6 set free, and it waB a noticeable circnmBtanbe "that all the birds were very.Btrong on the wing, only one call off having been'made during the day. The hospital cplleotflr desires to thankfully acknowledge receipt, from MrA. B' Munro, of £8 14s, donated by . the employes of the tr'usteea of the late Mr 6. Munro, of Alfredton. The uBual mohthly meeting of the trustees of . the Ballarat iutaneral Cemetery was' held on Tuesday evening" last. Present— Mr Christopher Bailey, chairman; and Messrs X. J? Jones, J.P.; Daniel Brophy, J P.; James Nicol, and E. - ' Ballhausen. The monthly reports of the sextons were read. The report of the secretary showed that the following interments Had taken place during, the: month ending 31st October — namely, twenty-nine, in the old ground,'and thirtyfive in the new—the fees amounting to £117 lis. 6d. An allowance/of £12 was made in eight instances: in which-the trustees;w,ere advised that the friends of the deceased were unable to pay the burial fees. The improvements at both the cemeteries are for tbe present completes.' : The architect certified that the work is faithfully/done. .Five applications were made to the trustees for permission, as reqnired by law, to ereot monuments. Plana were appro ved and permission given aooordingly. Fourteen Irarial rights having ibeen, signed.for issue to pnr-. chasers of private graveB, *the truBtees adjourned. : . ; . " A middle-aged man, name unknown, createdjt disturbance in Bridge >strBet: yesterday afternoon,«n3 GonBtabTe Porter, who atiemptBd to:arreat the fellow,*! had a severe tussle with bim.' The prisoner resisted most violently, and conducted himself more like R brute thanatuan. UltimatyyVMesBrsFitzgeratd and Collins came to ^PorterVassistonce, j3 ^naj i cab laving been piwured, tiib pri- 13, 1884. h h Z 3 e , ^ X r ^ o t t : : ^ : ^ ^ and B inBnUing behaviour, a ere entered against him. The prisoner !B c . £ t o Bffiarat, and en/I refund r&fnfif; rt to to give ev his name. TTOB„;tal com- A letter was received at the.HoBpita^com ^^ingtatnighTfrom Cadet Wray. th<J Sairatjon Army, complaining that ^heB Siting the Hospital with Captair, Phillips to see soma Bick soldiers He £aa been refused admission. The cadet - wished « nave a similar privilege to ministereof -- vi3iting on any day. The matter Was left in he president's hands, A meeting of tbe Ballarat Caledonian I Z t l Z ^ J evenrag, ^ ^ ^ ^ and BnninyoDg J Unite§ Caledonian Society. It was unanimously agreed that this meeting stand adjourned until Saturday evening, the 15th instant, at eight o'clock, to allow the thirty new members from Buninyong and Ballarat an opportunity of attending the same, to exchange views, and fix time and place for holding annual sports. The twenty-fourth show of the Smcaton, Spring Hill, and Bullarook Agricultural Sooiety will commence to-day, when the hunters, trotting horses, Bingle-buggy horses, pairs of carriage horsi-B, sheep, dogs, machinery. and implements will be on exhibition. The entries, altogether, are very satisfactory. numbering 1504; the blood and draught Btock being especially well represented. The general committee of the Blue Ribbon mission held their usual monthly meeting in the Prince's-room of the Alfred Hall on Tuesday evening; the Rev. J. Walker, vicepresident, in the chair. The reports from pledge stations showed seventy-three new pledg-8 for the month, making a total from this source to date of 251S pledges The balance-sheet from the soiree committee showed a profit of a little over £6. Tne treasurer's report gave a credit balance of over £35. The thanks of the general committee were warmly tendered to Mr R, Inglis and tho soiree committee for. the exceedingly hearty and spirited manner in which they had worked to bring the tea meeting to so successful an issue. At the request of Mr Booth, the contem plated mission to have been held here about the end of January, 1SS5,' was postponed until after that gentleman's return from New Zealand. "Hie secretary tendered his resignation, owing to the many_ other similar appointments held by him in kindred associations, which prevented his giving the necessary time and attention to the position. The resignation was received -with regret, and the thanks of the committee tendered to Mr M'Calluni for his past services. Mr C. Morris was requested to act as secretary pro tern. A unanimous request was made to Mr T. -Pope to accept the vacant office. The Bev. J. Walker and Mr Turton were appointed to Interview that gentlemen on behalf of the committee. A pilot engine shunting at the Ararat Railway station on Tuesday sent half-adozen trucks over the end of the siding, injuring them considerably. MesBrs Shoppee and Fitzpatrick, J P., attended at the City Police Court yesterday. Three drunkards were dealt with; and John Reilly, from the Redan police station, was fined 20s, in default six days' imprisonment, for using obscene language in a public place. We have been requested to ask any old identities of 1853 to forward particulars to this office of the fate of Dr George Cobban, native of Forgue, Banffshire, who was in Ballarat about the time mentioned above, A pnblic meeting will be held in the shire hall, Linton, this evening, at eight o'clock, to take steps to form a local fire brigade. The Ballarat Coursing Club has applied to the Government for a lease of portion of the town common to construct a plumpton. A lad named Alexander Gover was arrested yesterday, by Constable Stallard, on a charge of stealing two brass bearings, valued at £2, from the machinery-yard of Mr Henry Costin. Constables Stallard and Smith went in search of Gover, and came in sight of him at Black Hill The boy made off, and he gave the ifficers a smart chase. Constable Stallard called to a passing civilian to intercept Gover, but tue boy, drawing a pistol, presented it at the civilian, who gave him his way. When at last the .boy was arrested and searched, a pistol loaded with slugs was found on him. He was lodged at the City lock-up and will to-day be brought up at the City Police Court. John Vining, the young man who some time since was arrested for lunacy, and discharged, was re-arrested again early yesterday morning by Senior-constable Johnston. Early in the evening he had been haranguing a crowd at the Galloway monument for about two hourB. At the City lock-up, Vining sprang out of the receiving office, banged the door behind him, and escaped, but was ultimately captured. Yesterday morning he became very violent, and had to be placed in astraight-jacket. He waB committed to the Ararat Lunatic Asylum on the certificates of Drs Bradford, and Jordan. A lecture will be given to-morrow evening in St John's school, Soldiers' Hill, by the Rev. Canon Potter, of Melbourne, on "Some thoughts on the forthcoming revision of tho Old Testament." The well-known ability of Canon Potter is a guarantee that an important snbject will be treated in an interesting and able manner. Tbe secretary of the Ballarat Fire Brigade deBires to acknowledge, with thanks, the receipt of £5 5s from the Liverpool and London and Globe Insurance Company, per Mr J. Noble Wilson, local agent. The 21st anniversary of the Pleasant Street Wesleyan Sunday Sohool waa celebrated on Sunday.and Monday last. On Sunday the church waB crowded to excess, numbers not being able to. get inside. On Monday there was a public tea, preslded.over by the following ladies in a most enjoyable manner:— Mesdames "Gawne, Jewkes, Thomas, Pasco, Uren; Misses Dawson,''Dyson, M. Dyson, Clemence, Eva, Tonkin, Veal, Simmons, Jewkes, Williams, Reynolds, Bullie, Carrie. After wbioh there was a "Musical festival" held in tlie church; the Rev. W. L". Binks in the chair. The singing was rendered by the scholars, under the conduotorship of Mr W. Clarke, Mias V. Spear acting as organist. Speeches were given by the Rev, M. Dyson and other gentlemen. We understand that Dr Bradford haB taken up his residence permanently at South Yarra, and commenced the practice of his Some particulars with regard to the annual exhibition of the Geelong and Western District Agricultural and Horticultural Society will be found ' in our advertising columns to-day. Prizes to the value of £900 are offered for competition, and his Excellency the Governor has promised to be present. Holiday excursion fares will be charged from Ballarat and intermediate stations on the 13tfai instant, and on the 14th passengers from- Ballarat fay-the-6.35 .and 11.30 a.m. trains will be carried at the same fares. The tickets will be available for return up to the '15th iuBtant. Ah unpleasant occurrence took place yesterday in Ballarat EaBt, whilst a funeral procession was oo its way- to .the. oemetery. Tbe horses attached to the hearse were ascending a steep hill, when they jibbed, and backed-down, the hill, whilst the jolting of the coffin could.be heard by those persons in the mouriiing.coach, who, of course, were unpleasantly affected at. the circumstance. After a little trouble the horses "became quiet, and were induoed to ascend the hill. A middle-aged woman complained to the Ballarat East police .yesterday that she had been assaulted by a Salvation Army officer at the Little Bridge street barracks. She wanted to take out a summons against the alleged culprit, but as she had not ascertained his name, her request could not be complied with nntil Bhe had obtained the required information. We take the following from the. report of the annual meeting of the. Baptist .Association, held in the church, Collins, street, on Tuesday evening. It 1B a part of a Bpeech by .Mr-W' M'I<ean, and appears nnder the head of " A munificent gift;"—-" A few. weeks ago he was in conversation with a friend, and they agreed that to advance the denomination in.Victoria these four essential points must-form part of any -soheme for assisting the progress of the .Baptist Church of this colony:—<L)A college with,- endowment; (2.);a^hstentation fond; <3.) a loan building fund; (4.) an aged and -infirm ministers'- fund. On bis hinting that to overtake all these pbinte a very large aum would he required, hiB -friend then made the following offer ..to- the vBaptist ,Church of Victoria: through him, viz., that he would contribute £25,000 to a epecial fund to meet the aforesaid .cases, provided a similar «un-was raised by the Baptist Churah of Viotoria,. Five >eu8 would be gir&ated; to the denomination In which to accomplish the object,:«n3 tbe would be placed in .the ^e only oonditione ttached > thS6 glft « any attempt be made to reveai ount ab 4nW any Lame attempt; until after be made MB death, to and ^ d ^ u a m ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ vested in nine trustees, four of them to be nr<miMted by the donor and fonr elected by Vie church, with the Eev. S Chapman aa chairman of tbe committee, . The fpeater was not an over-sanguine man. but he felt certain such an opportunity would not be let slip by the church." The annual Wesleyan foreign Missionary meeting waB held in the Wesleyan Church, Barkly street, LABT evening; and waB well attended. Mr John Lstcher presided, and gave an interesting a-idress, as did aloo the Kev. E. p. Vnnnnmon Youngman (Chinese mieBionary of Victoria) and J. White, which were well received. The collections on Sunday and last nigbt, with donation, amounted to £14 Ss 3d. Vote of thanks were paBBed to the speakers and chairman. The meeting closed with the benediction. Meetings will bo held to-night at Golden Point and Brown Hill churches Particulars will be found in our advertising columns, Messrs l.lowellyn and Edwards are the successful tenderers for the new St. Andrews' Sunday school building. The fifth contest for the Stoddart trophy will take place on Saturday next at Lake Wendonree, We have received from Messrs Boyle and Scott a copy Of a publication, price one shilling, giving details of the tour of the Australian Eleven in Eugland. Tho contents are of a most readable nature, and the book should have a large sale. Nothing (says an Adelaide telegram in the Telegraph) has been discovered as to tbe whereabouts of the villain who assaulted Miss R Be and fired at Mr Lines, her brotherin-law on Saturday night, but tho polioe are still engaged in close iDquiries. Miss Rose is still very ill, but, if anything, has improved a little. It is confidently anticipated that the. man will be caught. Immigration (Bays the Argus) has been virtually stopped to Tasmania as all the applications mode were refuBed. Two hundred. and seventy-eight peraons have already been nominated in England alone. Two hundred more will be sent, and then the services of Mr Humphries, tbe immigration lecturer, will be dispensed with, Owing to the prevalence of measles and whooping cough at Williamstown, the local board of advice (says the Telegraph) has determined to advise the Minister of Education to close the school for a few weeks. A largely-attended meeting of the Victorian Saddle, Harness, and Collar Makers' Society waB held (says the Argus) on Tuesday evening, at the TradeB' Hall; the president, Mr Topp, occupying the chair.' It was resolved to- call all hands, both piece and day-workers, out of those shopB which had refused to consent to the introduction of the eight hours system into the trade without a reduction in the rate of wages, as several employers had expressed their willingness to comply to the demand on condition that it was adopted in all the principal factories in the metropolis, it was decided that tbe men engaged at Mr Altson's establishment, which is the largest one in the colony, should strike work at once unless the request made for shorter hours of labor, without a diminution of pay, was acceded to. A correspondent, to perform a service to his fellow vine-growers, writes to the Mary borough Advertiser urging, our contemporary to request all yignerons to search their vines at once for a caterpillar which has made its appearance in some of the vineyards, and which, if left undisturbed, will do a vast amount of injury to foliage and fruit, The Railway Commissioners (says the Argus) have under consideration a second scheme for. providing better facilities for holiday excursionists It will be connected with the scheme for offering cheap return tickets to the popular holiday resorts on the Victorian coast. For those who prefer to make tours to some interesting parts of the interior Mr Speight and his colleagues purpose issuing tourist tickets, offering Bpecial facilities for travelling to such pi aces. Although all the accounts in connection with the late meeting of the Victoria Racing Club have not yet been closed, it IB certain (says the Herald.) that the financial results were the most satisfactory yet attained. The receipts were about £3000 greater than at any previouB meeting. The question as to whether or not Sir Andrew Clarke has any legal claim to the pension he receives from the Victorian Treasury was submitted (says the Argus) for the opinion of the Attorney-General and Solicitor-General of the 'Imperial Government by the Agent-General. The papers in connection with the case were laid before Parliament on Tuesday, from which it appears that the opinion was sought on the following point:—Wfts tbe office of director of works under the Admiralty, held by Sir A. Clarke from 1SG4 to 1873, or were those of .commandant of the Bchool of military engineering or inspector-general of fortifications, held by him between 1SS1 and the present time, or any or either of them, a new appointment or new appointments under the Crown within the meaning of the 50th section of IS and 19 Victoria, c. 55? The Attorney- General and Solicitor-General replied:—"Having carefully considered the facts laid before us with reference to the nature of the offioes of director of works, commandant of the sohool of military engineering, and inspector-general of fortifications whiclrhave been held by Sir A. Clarke, we are of opinion that neither of them was a new appointment under the Crown within the meaning of the 50th section of the ISth and 19ih Victoria, chapter 55.—HEXEV JAMES and FABEER HEESCBELL " The following is from the Jewish World-.— "At Ginabnmora, in the Bukowina, livt-B a Jew named Feival Meidler, who has already attained the patriarchal age of 117 years. Meidler enjoys vigorous health and a splendid appetite. As late as two years ago, he was in the habit of taking exercise on horseback, and to-day his spirits are still good and his memory unimpaired. Meidler has had seven children, four of whom, two eons and two daughters, are still living. These children have presented him with a total of eightytwo grandchildren. The number of his great grandchildren cannot be ascertained, as they are distributed all over the Bukowina and Roumanla. Some idea of the number of his descendants may be formed when it is stated that one of his eons, who to-day iB eightyseven years of age, has seven children, thirty grandchildren, and fourteen great grandchildren all living. Others of his children have aleo great grandohildreu, and in one case the aged paterfamilias finds himself at the head of five generations." The Australasian Sl-etchcr tor tbis month is a real horsey number, tbe !*[. races monopolising a large portion of tbe illustrations. A meeting o( ibe stewards of the Lai Lai Falls Tort Club will be held at Bagtr's Criterion hotel, Doveton street, next Saturday afternoon, at two 'clock. A meeting of the "Pigeon Honvng Club" TTili be held a r Mr ErbB', near the Ii-eworfcB, this evening, at eight.. St. John's M.I. A., Peel street, will meet this eveniog, which will be " ladies' night." The UBUEI monthly meeting of tbeX O.T,. Star, of, the Bast, No. 53, will be held this evening, at a quarter tn eight t'he regular monthly meeting of St. John's £odge, 427 I.e., will be hold at the Masonic Hall, Camp street, thia evening, at ht.li.pnat seven. The Owen Challenge Cap committee will meet pt the Buck's Head hotel on Friday evening, at eight . The monthly meeting of rhe Trade*' H 11 committee will be held In the hall. Camp itreet, on Friday evening, at eight. A rebearsi? for the drum- head servioe to be beld i the Eastern Oval next Sunday afternoon will tafce piece this evening, at half-past peven, in tbe Alfred Hall All the children are revested to be punctual to time. Members of church choirs are invited to assist. Music and words will be pro- 