S. ANACLETUS' MISSION CHURCH, PETERSBURG, NORTH. Sunday, November 23, was a day of peculiar interest amongst the Catholics of Petersburg. Dr. Reynolds, the Bishop of Adelaide, arrived by the afternoon train from Adelaide, and was met at the station by the Rev. J. H. Norton, the pastor of the district, and the Rev. A. Kreiasl, S. J., of Jamestown. On Sunday a vast concourse of people congregated from all parts around to witness the opening, dedication and blessing of the Mission Charch of S. Anacletus, Petersburg. The ceremony began at U a.m. in a very imposing manner, and consisted chiefly of appropriate invocations, prayers, and psalms being solenuily recited by the Bishop and clergy walking, in procession with acolytes ana cross-bearer round the entire building, whilst theBishop sprinkled the walls and foundations. The Litanies of the Saints were then recited at the altar, concluding with several beautiful psalms. Mass was then celebrated by the Rev. Edward O'Brien; after which the Bishop preached the dedication sermon, taking as the basis of his discourse the words of 2 Paralipomenon vii., 12, 15, 16— "Auid the Lord appeared to him (Solomon) by night and said: I have heard thy prayer, and I have chosen this place to myself for a hooae of sacrifice. _ My eyes shall be open, and ' my ears attentive " to ' the prayer of nim that si pray in this place. F( I ha chosen ana and have sanctified this place that My name may be there for ever, ana My ears and My heart remain there perpetually. His Lordship said it was a day of great rejoicing forthe Charch of God, inasmuch as they had assembled to witnesBthededicationof a temple to Him in honour of one of His chosen servants, S. Anacletus, the third of the illastrioas line of popes and martyrs of the early Church. He then made a comparison between the dedication of Solomon's majestic temple and God's acceptance of it as a house of sacrifice on the one hand and the dedication of Christian Catholic temples in the new law on the other, showing that all the glory and majesty of the old dispensation were as nothing compared with the reality of the presence of God with them in their Catholic Churches. The one was bat a type or shadow, the other the reality. Their fanes, however humble or poor, were greater than Solomon's temple with all its grandeur on account of the real presence of Jesus Christ with them in the holy sacrifice of the Mass, in which they received not the blood of goats or of oxen bat the traG body and blood of Jesns Christ, which were truly and really sacrificed upon the Catholic altar dail; He referred to the altars found in the tombs of the martyrs in the catacombs of Rome, and concluded by saying that it was truly a day of rejoicing that they had another temple in which this Holy Mass would in future be offered, and the Words of God wonld more than ever be verified that He had chosen it as a house of sacrifice. The Bishop then made an appeal in aid of the building, and £81 was subscribed. The choir, which was very kindly assisted by Mr. and Mrs. Milner, of Jamestown, rendered Webbe'e Mass in G daring the service. The building, which was tastefully decorated, was lately purchased from the Weeleyana, but numerous additions and alterations nave been effected, the' principal of which are a pretty sanctuary and sacristy 14 feet by 12 feet in the form of a pentagonal apse, with corniced and coved ceiling stained and decorated in imitation of hnon pine and cedar. An elliptic arch crowns the sanctuary and separates it from the old building with a neat communion-rail and chastely designed altar. Coloured glass has been used in the windows, crosses erected on the gables, together with a nicely toned Church bell, whilst the entrance has been covered with a {torch. More ventilation has been provided in the building, making it in every way suitable for divine worship. The works have been carried out by Mr. Jabez Wright and the decorations effected by Mr. William Moore, both of Petersburg, under the direction of the Rev. Father Norton. In the evening the building was again crowded. Rosary was recited, and the Bishop again preached on the Holy Sacrament of Confession, taking as his text the words from the epistle of the day—"In whom we have redemption through His blood, the remission of sins"—Coloss. L 14. He stated that this power to forgive sins was in the Church, and described its institution and divine origin from the words of Jesus Christ, "Receive ye the Holy Ghost; whose sins you shall forgive they are forgiven them, and whose sins you shall retain, they are retained." His Lordship concluded with a most fervent and impressive exhortation to his hearers to love that holy sacrament, and to seek it always with the proper dispositions, inasmuch as it is the only ordinary remedy of blotting out our sins committed after the grace of baptism has been lost. The Bishop was listened to with great attention. POET ADELAIDE CORPORATION;—At the conclusion of the meeting of the Port Adelaide Corporation on Thursday the members of the Council, at the invitation of His Worship, remained in the Chamber and partook of some light refreshment. The Mayor proposed " The Old Council." Councillor Beattie, as the eenior Councillor present, responded, and in a felicitous speech gave " The Health of the Mayor," whom he congratulated on his reelection without opposition. His Worship, in responding, bore testimony to the valuable aid he had received from the rest of the Council, and ascribed any success that had attended his presidency to his desire to succeed in what be undertook. The next toast was " The Architect of the New Building," Mr. J. Reed, who in responding testified to the aid he received from the contractor. Other toasts, including "The Press" and "Officers of the Corporation," were also honoured. THE TENDEB FOR THE PORT DARWIS JETTY. —The Commissioner of Pablic Works takes exception to the statements contained in the letter signed "Local Tender," which appeared in the Register on Thursday. In tins letter it was stated that the Commissioner was "playing into the hands of Melbourne contractors." The Commissioner gives an emphatic denial to this allegation. He states that the course he has adopted will be of advantage to the local tenderer. When the tenders were received they were forwarded as usual to the Commissioner of Audit for examination and report. The choice lay between Nos. 1 and 2 tenders, sent in by Messrs. Wishart & Davies, Adelaide, and Messrs. McNeil & Bath, of Melbourne, respectively. The Commissioner reported that both these tenders were irregular, but that " under all the circumstances he considered " No. 2 to be the lowest tender." It was under these circumstances that the Commissioner of Public Works decided to re-advertise. <3T For variety in Buttons, Dress Trimmings, &c.;, you cannot do better than go to Hay & Compy., of King William-street. 2dlfc WHAT SHALL I DRINK F The Lancet says, " We have tested the Montserrat Lime-Fruit Juice and found it sound and free from adulteration. It Is a far more wholesome drisk thas any other form of alcohol." Montserrat Lime-Fruit Juice and Cordials, Limetta, or Pure Lime Juice Cordial, Aromatic, Clove, Strawberry, Baspberry, Pineapple, Sareapariila, Jargonelle, Quinine, Peppermint. Annual Importation over 109,000 gallons, sold retail everywhere by all storekeepers. Adelaide: J. Holman, 6, Grenfell Chambers 333k eST Ladies requiring Pretty Washing Costumes are recommended to visit Hay & Ccmpy., they having a variety from 16s. 6d. 2Slfc tS' To endeavour to please generally gives satisfaction, and we can confidently recommend to try the Glasgow House for Clothing and Oatfittings for Men, Boys, and Youths. The Proprietors always aim to please customers. G. ds W. Shierlaw, II, Hindiey-atreet. S60cvd 