Marjorie Vane. B? Agnes Neai/e. ? Aunt Marjone. Aunt Marjorie, where are you?' Marjone 'Vane the younger called out, in her sweet, clear voice, that harmonised so perfectly with the rich summer moonlight. ' I am here, Madge/ responded her aunt's soft tones, and the young girl turned aside to the spot whence came the reply. ' Oh ! here you are, dear/ she added ; 'I have been looking for you all over the place.' They wete not at all alike, these tiro who bore the same name and claimed Mildred with each other. The one was fair and stately as a lily, the other was a simple rosebud of English beauty. Mar jorie Vane stood by a little gate that opened on a bioad roadway cut through the thick scrubland. On either Bide rose the dense walls of the forest trees, tall, dark, and wniBpermg ; ana ngni aioDgit, ior a matter of some two hundred yards or so, the white moonlight lay radiantly, making a path of light. Away at the end of the scrub the road turned sharply, and the forest walls rose up again, giving a weird impression of a sudden plunge into darkness and mystery. Just so had she stood there on an evening1 fifteen yeaisago, and had watched a figure ride away clown that path of light, up which he had never come again. They had said good bye here under the branches of the tall, old gum trees, while the moonbeams lay white on the broad leaves of the mountain laurel, and kissed tenderly the sweet blossoms of the flowering myrtle. Once he had turned before the dark shadows at the end of that path of light had drawn him in to their mysterious depths and hidden him from her sight forever — turned and kissed his hand to her in the moonlight. ' My dar ling/ he had whispered to her at parting, 'only one short week, and no power on earth can part us any moie. That was fifteen years ago ; and to-night Marjone Vane stood at the little gate, as she had done every year since, looking down that path of light. It might have been a path to the unknown regions, so mysteriously, so irrevocably had her past been swallowed up in those unspeatdng depths beyond. Her whole life seemed lost in the unknown depths of the dark forest. And it all hap pened in this way. At eighteen Marjorie Vane was more than ordinarily beautiful. She was tall and slender and lovely, with the gold and snowy loveliness of a fail, imperial lily ; and she was sweet and gracious as the flower she so much resembled. Little wondei was it that she turned the heads of half the men in the place. Men wiil go road for beauty any day, and when beauty and goodness are combined they aie scarcely to be blamed; though, to be sure, the goodness is a drawback generally. And so it came to pass with Marjorie Vane, also, that ' the wind and the beam loved the rose, but the rose loved one/ Gradually one by one they dropped away from her and chose brides that were Ies3 fair, till only two remained as rivals for her band. Arnold Ljal deemed himself the happiest of men, foi he never once doubted that to him would fall the wondrous prize of Marjorie's love and Marjorie's hand. He was handsome, in telligent, and wealthy; what more could a girl in her senses possibly require ? True, his temper was dark, sullen, and vindictive. But of that Marjorie knew nothing — in her company he was always blight and gay. So he never gave a second thonght to Clyve Thornleigh. Why should he ? A poor beggar with hardly a penny to blees himself, as he contemptuously phrased it. Suppose Marjorie had enough for both ? what then ? Girls who have money mostly like to marry men who have it also, and Marjorie had as much sense as most. And suppose he was intellectual ? Wasn't Marjorie a girl P and didn't all girls prefer a handsome face to a few ounces of brain, one way or the other ?' And Clyve Thorn leigh was net a bit handsome, as the judges would count being eo at least. Sams people might admire his p&lehigh-bredface;, with its eloquent grey eyes (they were cer tainly Clyve Thornleigh's one beauty), his white forehead, and clustering masses of dark curly hair; and the delicate re fined mouth, that knew how to be stem and angry as well as street and tender, and was never anything but firm. But for his part Arnold Lyal did not admire him at all; and he was perfectly certain that Marjorie and he were of. one mind in. the matter. So, one evening, with all the confidence and none of the bashf ulness of a lover, he told his love to Marjorie. So con fident was he, so sure of success, that when Marjorie looked np and said softly and sadly, ? I am very sorry, Mr. Lyal ; I thought you knew,' the blow was a terrible one indeed. There was a long silence between them as they walked on in the moonlight. At length he mastered his burning rage enough to ask quietly — ' Who is it, Marjorie ? Who has stolen you away from me ?' He spoke quietly, and she could not see the volcano that was raging in him. She was sorry for him, too, as every true woman murt he for a man in his position ; and so she did not notice the form of his speech. Otherwise, she would have told him that she had not been stolen at all, but that she bad given herself with a woman's free grand right to give. As it was, she answered simply that she was engaged to Clyve Thomleigh. That was piling Pelion on Ossft with a vengeance. To loseher — the girl he had made so sure of winning — was bad enough ; but to lese her .to the rival he had despised too much to fear was worse s thousandfold. He thought that he could have borne it better if it had been any other man. Bat it is likely that he would have thought the same whoever it had been. In that moment Arnold Lyal hated Clyve Thoinleigh. He hated him with the same sort of hate that Cain felt for Abel; and for very much the same cause — Clyve had succeeded where he had failed. It was September when the lovers were engaged ; Marjorie was twenty now, and they were to be married on Christmas Day. It was Marjorie's birthday, and for that reason it had been chosen. So the months sped by ; and Marjorie, busy and happy in her preparations, never noticed Arnold Ljal's dark, angxy looks. She had refused him— she was sorry to have had to do it — but she had done it kindly — and there was no room for thoughts of him in her busy, happy life. She always spoke to him gently and kindly when they met; and she forgave him that he rarely answered her greeting. It was natural he should feel sore, she thought, and she was eorry; but it would be all right by-and-bye — at 'any rate, she hoped it would. And in any case she had nothing to blame herself for. She had Beyer encouraged Arnold Lyal's preten sions. She had' never given him the . smallest Teaeon to think they would be successful. So, with a sigh of regret tot the pain she was powerless to remove, ah© dkmksed her rejected lover from her mind and was happy. But Arnold Lyal's wounded vanity turned to deep and bitter anger and a sullen longing for revenge. But the time slipped past and no opportunity for revenge occurred; and though Arnold Lyal had taken a solemn oath with himself that his hated rival should never wed the girl he loved he began to fear that he would be foresworn. Then all at once he disappeared from the neighborhood, and nothing was heard of him. It was stated that he had gone bock to New Sooth Wale*, whon a great pert of bis property was known to lie, there to bury hit disappointment on an up-country cattle station. At all events, lie was missing, and Marjorie was glad; for his angry looks had spoilt her pleasure, whether the would or not. The week before the wedding. It wae te be a pietty wedding, for Marjorie mi young and fair. There was to be an abundance of flower* and fair bridesmaids, lovelier even than the flowen; bat chief of them was to be the bride's niece and name sake, pretty little Marjorie Vane, just fire years old on the intended wedding-day, f--r it was her birthday as well as the bride's. With her was to stand her brother, her senior by two and a half years; and there was some fun in drilling the eager children in their pane. Well, the week before tha weddifiK Cljve Thornl»-gh found himself compelled to go to the city on some business that had unexpectedly cropped np. It was sudden and urgent ; 'and he called in the evening and spent an hour or two with Marjorie, intending to ride to the city during the night, get his business done the following day, and return to her as soon as possible. At the little gate they stood to bid each other farewell. ?I shall only be gone for a little while, Marjorie,' he said in tender comforting accents, for Marjorie, usually so strong and brave, had broken down utterly, and was weeping uncontrollably; 'and in less than a week, my darling, you will be mine, and no power on earth will be able to separate us then. One smile, my beauty, just to think of till I come back.' She gave him the smile he craved, and then, kissing her over and over again, he sprang into the saddle and rode away. The night was bright with glorious summer moonlight ; and she stood watching him as he rode down the broad white pathway between the forest trees. Once at the end of it he turned and kissed his hand to her. Then he disappeared, swallowed up in the darkness. Tores or fonr days pasted, and they began to wonder why he did not return, or send some reason for his prolonged absence. And then one evening a note, brought by no one knew who, was left for Marjorie. It contained only a few -words, but they blasted all her hopes and laid her future in ruins about her. * Harjorie, forgive me,' it said, ' I can never eee you again. From henceforth I am a wanderer bearing the brand of Cain.' For weeks Marjorie hung between life and death, and when at last she began to be about again rammer was fast fading into autumn. But all the pain was not ever even yet. One day she took up an old newspaper, and, glancing listlessly over its columns, came upon a piece of informa tion which well nigh startled her back into illness again. It stated that one day during the week then current (the month was December) the body of a gentleman had been found hidden under some brush wood. He was quite insensible, and indeed nearly lifeless from the effect of a blow on the head. Various papers found on his person proved him to be a Mr. Arnold Lyall, of whom, however, nothing further was known. He was probably only a visitor to the colony. It was thought that the assault was not committed for the purpose of robbery, as the unfortunate gentleman's watch and a large sum of money were on him -when found. On the watch was engiavedacuriousmono^ram and the initials A. L. ; and so far nothing had appeared to show why the crime had been committed. The sufferer had been conveyed to the hospital. The paper dropped fromMaTJorie'snerve* less hands. This then was the reason for Cly re's sudden flight. But in her heart she thanked God that he was not a murderer in act, as she felt sure he was not in intent. Three months had passed since that parapraphhad been printed; but for all that Mr. Vane and Marjorie determined to find out as much as possible concerning the matter. With that intent Mr. Vane went fii6t to the hospital. The house-surgeon was very kind and courteous, and gave all information. He remembered the case perfectly, he said ; Mr. Ljall had recovered his physical health, but it had been feared that the brain was permanently injured, He bad been passed* on to the Lunatic Asylum. To that institution Mr. Vane accordingly repaired, and received the in formation that the surgeon's statement was comet. Mr. Lyall was hopelessly mad. Ilia next vieit waB to his lawyer, to whom he gare instructions to have Mr. Lyall re moved from the asylum and placed in private lodgings under the care of a reliable medical man. 'Mr. Ljall is a man of property, I know,' coccluded Mr. Vane, ' but I do not know where that property lies, nor even the name of liis lawyer.* ? Perhaps he has no name,' returned the nan o( tape. ' The property itself may be a nijth, Mr. Vane.' Mr. Vane laughed. ' It may,' he replied ; * but be it so or not, while he lives and I have the means he shall want for nothing.' The lawyer was a discreet man, and while he had very little faith in Mr. Arnold Ljall he carried out his client's instructions to the letter. Mr. Vane went home and told his daughter what he had done, and she approved. As far as the power in them lay they had repaired the wrong Clyve Tnornleigh had done to Arnold Lyall. Life had been very sad to poor Marjorie after that, but the years would go no faster for her sorrow. One by one they had crept by, until fifteen of them had passed away for ever, and Marjorie was thirty- five; and the tiny namesake niece and her brother, who were to have officiated at her bridal had grown into man and womanhood. And each year of that fif teen.'in December, when the moon was bright, Marjorie had stood at the little gate thinking of that farewell, and trying to read the mystery aha could not comprehend. For that there was a mystery she felt quite sure. But so voice came to her out of the past, and so her future lay before her blank and hopeless. * I would never have forsaken him/ she had sobbed in her anguish. ' A murderer in thought he never could have been, and I would have been faithful to him through all. Why did he not come back to me f So she had stood this evening of which we are writing, thinking, wondering. Bat never any more dreaming sweet dreams of a bright future. And then, through the white moonlight that streamed up tha forest road and lay silvery on the broad leaves of the mountain laurel her niece and namesake, Marjorie Vane, the younger, came calling — * Aunt Marjorie — Aunt Marjorie, whereare you dear P' and Mar joriehad replied—' I am here Madge.' She turned 88 the girl came to her sid«s and linking her arm in her aunt's said lovingly — ' I hare been looking for you everywhere, dear. Someone wants you, Aunt Marjorie.' The girl went on, as they turned away together; 'such a queer looking man. I dct't like him at all, auntie. I wish grandpa was home.' 'No danger, dear,' Marjorie answered cheerily' ' There are plenty of folks about the house, and he can't eat aa 70a know.' But when she went into the dining-room where the man sat waiting for her, aha put out her hands with a sudden grasping cry as if to ward off a blow. Was this ghost or human that rose up to meet her as she enterod ? Had he come back to tell her of ClyTc Thornleigh'a sin ? Oh ! why had he come back at all? The first tones of the nan's voice relieved her. Weak and SuWering they certainly were, bat for all 3Rt, beyond doubt, those of a creature still in the flesh. Yet, oh ! why had he come to her? ' Miss Vane,' the man said tremulously, arid holding on to a chair back for support, 'if you can pardon my intrusion I pray you do so.' Marjorie bowed her hrad, she could not speak. 'I could not die without coming back to you — without teltirg you all ' Then be wssgoincto die! Clyvo would be a murderer after all. Marjorie looked at him with eyes full of horror. Still she only bowed her head: her lips were dry and parched and would utter no sound. ♦Marjorfe,' be went on, and his voice shook in his strong agitation, ' I tried to stay awsy, but I could not die till I had heard you say that you forgive me.' ' Forgive you,' she sobbed, ' oh ! Armld, what have I to forgive ?' 'The crueilegt wrong man ever did to woman yet,' Arnold returned slowly; and Marjorie stared at him in wild wonder. 'Wrong?' she repeated faintly, 'what wrong?' Arnold paused a moment and then spoke resolutely. It was a hard thing even after the lapse of fifteen yean to blacken him self in the eyes of the woman he loved. But for this purpose had he coma, and he would not turn coward at the last. * Listen, Marjorie Vane/ he said, and he spoke low, with eyes that did not dare to meet her eyes; ' I met your lover the night he left you fifteen years ago. I had vowed thst yon should never be his wife, swid I meant to keep that row. I meant to keep it at whatever cost. We had high words. He was unarmed, and I had him at a dis advantage. I told him that he might choose between bis life and you, but that both he should not have, and he answered bravely that he would die a thousand times but never give you up. Then we closed in a deadly struggle. He was compellad to fight in self defence, but unarmed as he was he was no match for me.' AH this Marjorie thought she could have done without knowing. She had pictured the scene to herself over and over again; but she felt a thrill of pride even now in the thought that Clvve had held her dearer than life. 'lie fought bravely/ Arnold went on, after a pause to recover strength, ' for he was fighting far life — and you. But it was useless. I carried a loaded stockwhip, and one blow with that (it was an unusually heavy one) ended the contest. Then my senses came back to me. I leaned over him where he lay with his face up-turned to the moonlight, and a great horror filled my scuL I had meant to kill him ; and I was not sorry for my act— not then; but I fell in that moment that if he had lost you I had done so doubly. And that he was nearer to you dead than I could ever ba in this world or the next. Marjorie, in that moment I knew what it was to despair. With the blind instinct of self-preservation, for I was scarcely conscious of what I was doing, I stooped down and rifled the dead man's pockets. I exchanged watches, pocket books, and everything that could be used for identification in cass he should ba found, dragged the body off the road, and mount ing his horse, tied from the hateful spot. Bemorse filled my soul with the very blackness of darkness, but I did not repent; otherwise I should never have written that note to you — that note which deceived you into believing that Clyve Thornleigh was a murderer. But the years dragged on so slowly I 1 never ceaaed to love you, Mar jorie, and I longed to see your face again. By- and-bye, I came to long that you might forgive me, and that I might hear you asy so. And the longing grew to be a passion that would not be repressed. 8a at last, when the doctors told me that a fatal disease had fastened upon me, I thought I would come back to you.* There was silence for a little when he ceased speaking. Marjorie eat with downcast face and thoughtful eyes, into which a new light of hope -was softly stealing. Once more the weak voice broke the silence. * Marjorie,' he wailed pitifully, « have I come back in vain. Oh, Marjorie, won't you say you forgive me ?' Heavy, tearless sob3 shook the poor weak frame ; and the dark head, once so proud and handsome, sank on the folded arms. Then Marjorie came and laid her soft white hands on the bowed bead. 4 1 do forgive you,' sbe said gently, 'all the wrong that you have done, and all the wrong you meant to do. For, Arnold, oh ! thank God, you did not do all that you intended to do.' ' Not all ?' he repeated wearily. ? What do you mean ?' * The worst ainiappared you/ she replied, 'in act, if not intent. Clyve Tho rnleigh is not dead.' ?Not dead?' he repeated dreamily, 'I don't understand.' Then she told Mm about it, and where Clyve Thornleigh was even at that moment, and under what name. The man's hands dropped and a glare of despairing rage crossed his face as he listened. « Lost J' he cried wildly. ' Ail lose ! All those years of remorse and misery, and he living still 1' \- Hushl' Marjorie said softly, but sternly too, ' oughtyounot rather to thank God that you do not wear the brand of .Cain ? Ought you sot to thank God with all your heart and soul that the confession of your miser able sin has not come too late ? If Clyve Thornleigh were dead I might forgive you, and he might, and more than all, God might ; but you never could make atone ment 01 reparation. Thank God that your confession does not come too late !' There was a moment's silence, and then the man lifted his face, over which a change had passed. ' iou are right, Marjorie/ he said sadly. ' May God forgive me for this sin also.' He was very ill, but they got him to bed without causing much additional suffering. And then the doctor came, but he shook bis head significantly. He would give him something to relieve him, he told Marjorie, when she asked what hope there was, but the poor weak threads of a mis used lif e were almost frayed out. A week or two at the outside would see the end of this world for Arnold Lyal. As he had sown, so he had reaped, and the end was death. It was late that night, or rather early the following morning when Mr. Vane returned ; but Marjorie was waiting for him. The story of that night fifteen years ago was soon told, though Marjorie's tears fell fast in the telling. But the tears relieved her over-strung nerves and excited brain. The early morning was dawning faintly when Mr. Vane and bis daughter left home for the city. 'Take care of poor Arnold/ Marjorie whispered, bending down to say a last good-bye to her mother. ' Think what it would have been if he had died without coming back.' It was still early morning when they reached the house in which Clyve Thorn leigh had spent these fifteen years of mental darkness. The man in charge, a good-natured, kindly-looking fellow shook his head when they asked to see the patient. 'I don't know/ he said slowly, ' the doctors performed an operation yesterday, and they have notallowed him tospeaksince. You see, sir, we've just changed doctors. This is a young one, just out from England, and he would have it to be the case wasn't hopeless, and he wanted to try anyway. So the old one said he would help him, and, sure enough, yesterday they did it. And sow they think it will be successful as far as the brain is concerned, but they fear he is not strong enough to rally. You see it was the blow that did it. I can't let you see him to-day, at any rate without the doctor's orders.' Mr. Vane wrote 8 few words on his card. 'Give that to Dr. Luff,' he said, 'and ask him to see me, if possible.' How strsage were those long hours of waiting that Marjorie Vase spent, sitting at the window of her hotel and idly watch ing the passers-by. Now she was on the very mountain top of de lighted exultation. Clyve— her Clyve— unstained by the terrible guilt that had shadowed her thought of him for fifteen years, would be restored to her, clothed in khis right mind. Then she was over whelmed in the depths of profoundest desolation and despair. Clyve might be rebtored to her, but for what ? — only to die end leave her as desolate as ever. At length suspense was at an end, Dr. Luff sent up his card and immediately himself followed it. Mariorie put herself in the corner, and let her father do all the talking. Dr. Loff was a kind, gentlemanly young fellow, though, withal, a thorough man of business. £0 he did not trouble himself to talk learnedly oa the matter, bat, instead, straightforwardly gave tha anxious visitors all the information they could possibly re* quire. In return Mr. Vane gave the doctor all the particulars of the strange mistake in the indentity of his patient. 'Never mind/ he said cheerily; 'all's well that ends veil; and I verily before oar patient will pull through after all, though yesterday I had grave doubts of it. I think 111 let you see him this afternoon, if you promise to be very quiet,' he added, glanc ing laughingly at Marjorie. She only bowed her head ; her heart was too glad for words. In the afternoon, according to arrange ment, Ms-rjorie and her father stood by Clyve Thomleigh's bed. 'You must be prepared to find your friend greatly changed, Miss Vane,' the doctor had said kindly. ' Fifteen years of any sort of living does not leave a man exactly where the first of them found him, you know.' And it was well that she was prepared , for the change in him was very great in deed. Yet, at the first glance, she would have been puzzled to say in what the change consisted. Looking closer, she saw wheresome of it at least lay — in the frost that had fallen on the thick curling hair orce black as a raven's wing. In almost ludicrous contrast to that was the face of unlinedyouthfulness. The manifest sign that in all those fifteen years the brain had been nearlyasquiescentasit waspossiblefor it to have been. His madness had been of a peculiarly simple and childlike'.kind, the doctor had told them ; his brain had lain dormant. That was owing to the injury inflicted by the blow, and which he hoped was now removed. But as yet the patient had not been fully conscious since the operation, so he could not tell. Now he was sleeping naturally, and he hoped everything from thai. While he was yet speaking Clyve stirred un easily, and the beautiful grey eyes looked full up at his visitors. « Marjorie !' Le said, in slow, wondering accents, ? Marjorie 1' A glad light sprang into the doctor's eyes; Marjorie's throat swelled to burst ing. She bent over him and touched his bands. ' Marjorie, is it really you r' he repeated. ' Yes, darling, it is really Marjorie,' she answered, and the doctor was delighted to hear that her voice was cool and sweet as a spring morning. ' I have dreamed it so often/ he went on weakly, clasping her hands in his ; ' but it has never come true till now. Have I been ill, dear?' ' Yes, very ill,' she answered softly. All at once a sudden light of remembrance flashed over his face. * I remember/ he said. ' Was it last nightP' ?Oh, no, dear/ she returned tenderly, ' longer apo than that' 'Ah, yes. How did you find me, Marjories' I thought maybe you never ?would.' Marjorie glanced slightly at the doctor. He nodded. ' Arnold came and told us/ she answered, telling the simple downright truth for policy's sake. He was content with her reply, and soon dropped into quiet sleep again. ? Yes, he will do now !' Dr. Lout ortoa exultisgly, when they were all down stairs 'This is the best thing I ever did in my life. It's worth living a lifetime for. Miss Vane, your friend will be all right in two or three weeks time.' In two or three days Marjorie went home to renew those preparations that had been so rudely interrupted fifteen yeara before. They -were to be married as soon as Clyve was strong enough. ' It was all no use, after all/ Arnold Lyall ssid to her despondingly one evening ae he -watched her busy fingers and knew ?what she was doing. ' Even the restitution £ tried to make was in vain. You would have known it all without me. I might ju6t as well have died and made no sign.' 'I think you are mistaken/ Marjorie replied gently ; ' it never is the same. You did all you could. No man is required to do more. Because it was in your heart to make restitution God let you come to us before we knew any other way. It might so easily have been different then, but God did not let it be. And, after all, you can never know how much good you may have done. The doctor says my being there was everything1 in his favor. You may have saved his life this time, you know.' He was silent a minute, then he said slowly — 'Thank you, Marjorie. Your comfort has the ring of truth in it too.' The eyes he turned on the sunset were full of deep feeling. ' Marjorie/ he resumed presently, ' I sheuld like it to be complete. I want to see you Clyve Thornleigh'a wife before I die' Marjorie hesitated with a wistful, uncertain look. He answered it, smiling sadly. ' Marjorie, dear friend, it is kind of you to think of me, and after all, too; but it will not hurt me now. I love you as well as ever, dear, and shall do so till I die — and after perhaps. But between us the gulf of an intended murder is fixed. You never could be mine, even if you were not his. I knew it that night when I had struck the blow ; I know it better than ever now. Marjorie, I shall know that you have f oTgiven me utterly— you and Clyve, if you grant me this last wish.' Put so, how could she deny him P Clyve Thornleigh recovered rapidly when once fairly started on the road to health, and Dr. Luff gave his gracious permission for the ceremony to take place on Christmas Day. ' I am only a year worse oS than Jacob/ Clyve said -with a happy little laugh. 'And a wife, retorted Dr. Luff. 'He had two you know.' 'But he only served for one,' Clyve persisted. 'It does seem so strange/ Madge said, as on the morning of Christmas Day she helped to deck her aunt in her bridal finery. She was to be bridesmaid after all, though fifteen years had been added to the five she had numbered when the cere mony should have taken place. ' It seems so strange, Aunt Majorie. It's all like a dream.' ' It is a very beautiful dream to me, Madge/ aunt Majorie said softly, 'and it holds all the real of my life in it.' Dr. Luff, who had petitioned for an invitation, and would have got it without, standing grave and quiet, during the soarraige service, thought he had never seen anything half so fair and winning as the lovely little bridesmaid. And he resolved then and there, that there should be another bridal next Christmas Day, with another Marjorie Vane for bride. And the sly fellow hid his way. Bat Arnold Lyall lay at rest beneath the summer flowers. 'How glorious it is to be encaged In a purely intellectual occupation,' murmured ? Boston maiden, suing raptaioatly Into the admiring eyes of a country editor; 'your own mental *»*«t.itw for tools, and the whole nnivene for ? workshop. Now tell me.' cba added, 'what do you find the laoct dtfftoalt thing connected with your noble protMdoBT' 'faring the haad*1n*ald the editor. 'Has he gone, dear?' 'Yea, grandma.' 'And what was that sound in the hall, Jessie V ' Why, it mart have been the door shutting, grandma.' 'Your grandma may be old and deaf, Jessie, but docn did not ?hut with a sound like that when she was a girl,' ' Did the men wear moustaches then, grandma?' 'No, say dear.' 'Well, that make* the difference, probably.' 'Mister Schmidt,' mid ? German re* otntiy, a* b« entered * Pitteborg merohsntV office. 'Ibaf 4ertohm»Upox ? .' 'Great heaven, Mr. Schneider,' m the harried reply, 'don't come here !'— and the clerk* disappeared in Tsriooi directions. 'Vot'« «Jet madder nit 70a feUers?' panned Schneider. '1 hs£ der schnull pox fall of butter ©ad is mine vagon rot Mrs. Schmidt cttntd last wick aliaadr !' Bride* art Btidttnttldt1 Dimm a. spadslifac. Sttimatas given udtMctly adhered to. Add/an, JO, 18, King ViUiam- ttKst. Adelaide. 