WARRKAMBOOL. FROM OUR OWN OORB1S PO KDENT, ) March 10. The question of dividing the town into wards is being vigorously pursued by those who set the agitation afloat. They are bent upon having a division of four, and have a large number of supporters, the petition being numerously signed. I pity toe ward thathas to keep the Belfast or Bennington road in repair. It will swallow up tbe whole of its income to do it effectually. There seems to be a great deal of apathy on this ward question, for the Bimple reason that numbers do not think it is so near bring con summated as it is. The customary harvest thanksgiving ser vice was relinquished at Christ Church this year in consequence of the Lenten period intervening. By permission of the Arch deacon, they held such a service at Allans- ford on Sunday, which was a great success. But this little village church has been a suc- cess since it was bolt, and that is only a short time ago. The congregation is, how ever, out of debt, and there is some talk of getting a resident minister, who will officiate op the line as far as Terang. That is a plan which certainly should work, for in the Terang district, I believe, they only get a service once a fortnight. The vestry of Christ Church, Warrnambool, would be glad to be relieved of the liability of partially supporting the curate. Each year the church shows a balance on the wrong side, which is attributed to having to pay a portion of the Curate's salary. The Uhnst Church people do not sufficiently appreciate the privilege accorded them of being able to shed the light of the Gospel in country districts by means of tbe Curate. They cannot even discriminate the honour conferred upon them by their ven. incumbent bring made an Archdeacon. It does not help them pay his stipend easier or face the expenses of the church with less trepidation. By which, I am inclined to think they would fain be without these doubtful honours and the ever-recurring overdraft. Our Volunteer Militia responded to the roll call this evening for the nrsttime. The men mustered well and looked the makings of a smart and effective company. Two statural forms I missed from the ranks, the most noticeable being the drum-major of the old corps, 44 Charley" Scoborio. Charley has passed into tbe sere and yellow of the new order of soldierism being over 45 years of age. He is as straight as a dart, and is the beau ideal of a soldier in his harness, but he must now doff his trappings of war tor a younger man to get into. We are also to lose the services of Sergeant Hick- ling, the best 41 drill " who has ever been in in the Western District, if, indeed, he has his superior as au artillery instructor in the colonies. Hickliog is to go to Footscray, where a former Wazmambooiian, Captain J. R. Y. Goldstein is located, and who, on doubt, baa secured the services of Sergeant HicklingforhiBown corps. Sergeant-Major Fryer succeeds Sergeant Hickling here. The new instrnctor was lately of the Royal Ar tillery, and was brought here with tbe other non-commissioned officers who have obtained service in our colonial forces. The corps is to be visited by Colonel Walker to-morrow (Tuesday). The claims of our learned Clerk -of-tbe- Peace, Chief-Clerk-in -Insolvency, Registrar- of-the-County-Court, Clerk-of Petty -Sessions, Commisrioner-for-taking- Affidavits, Dr. Gib- ton, LLuD., have once more been overlooked by his ungrateful country, which country Victoria is. Tbe vacant magistrateship ban been conferred upon Mr. W. E. Wheeler, formerly Clerk of Court, Ac., at Belfast, and lately of Geelong. Mr. Wheeler's claims were based upon seniority, and presumably fitness, for the honorable office. Mr. Wheel er's claims were, unfortunately, stumbling- blocks in the way of our own excellantclerk, who we would all like so have advanced another rung or two up the official ladder. So long aa there were ao many seniora whose constitutions precluded ' the possibility of their dying before him, Dr. Gibton had a show. I am told the doctor will wait no longer, hot take his place at the bar, where his undoubted legal knowledge, his ready wit, and genial Irish countenance should open op for him an arena of success, which he ftonldhare entered long ago. Since the advent of the Redmond Bros, to Warrnambool, tbe Orangemen have been abnormally active, with the result that 0 ranee Lodges are being founded all over the district. As I once before remarked with reference thereto, I sra nogood In this, but rather a premonition of evil in the lime to come. A lodge was recently opened down to the eastward of the town some miles, and it was looked upon as being what is generally termed a " carious coincidence " that in the very room in which some 20 stalwart Orange men took the vows of allegiance, the Red mond Bros, had held forth upon the Irish grievances a few weeks previously. Another _ somewhat cations incident disclosed itself daring the loyal Orangemen's visits bat I am not going to make the Red mond Bros responsible for it. Lnthe room where the Orangemen and Ribbon Men or PeeD o Dav Bova. or what.... h. designated, had met at different times, was a trap-door. On raising it, steps were dis closed which led into a cellar; search in the cellar revealed an -aperture which cave access to a subterraneous passage leading tome distance to an ont office, the cesspit of which disposed of the lees of the whidry mill, and means of escape were thns pro vided for the illicit distillers, if need be. _ There is some fear that the Lombardian sign in Timor-street will be lowered. Our pawnbroker did sot live long to dunk the toed purists, as represented by Cr. Thomas' King. Poor Nybmg ahnffled off to the' cemetery m a great hurry the other day, and ao one has been found ho take his place as yet. 1 don't think the pawnbrrikihg -in- dnstry was a success, though the bill bdrineSs ' which he did is raid tT have been mnnerative one. Nybeigwasthetfnt' Jew buried inpnr. GHy.of the Dead attheSop- kiuvhnt as ho -Rabbi conld eome doroto give him consecrated interment, it is prob- mble the frirads villlmvo lus bodyjemoved to Geelong.-'lran whMilocdityita; Nyberg The Mnm«l collection for the rapport of the day schools was made at the Catholic Church on Sunday, when the people re sponded as liberally as is their wont. The Catholics of this district bear their self- imposed burden of taxation with great eqna- ffinutyaod patience, which forces belief in their claims. St Joseph's flock certainly deserve thepiaise given them by their pastor, the Rev. Father Shanahan, who besrmght them on Sunday last to continue contributing to the "good and charitable work of main- tsining schools, where not only the ordinary secular training was given, but also a sound religions instruction imparted." And so the fond is kept up. Foor old Dan Looney has just given np the ghost. Dan belonged to the ancient days of Warrnambool, and in tbe palmy days : of Samnel Macgregor be need to ring np the auction sales with a stentorian voice and an expressive halt between each syllable of every word be altered. Dan was well on towards ninety before he cried a go. 