AN OCEAN WAIF. BY, A SEAFARER. ? ' I was second mate at the time,' began Mr. Huriiphrey Roband, who related to us the fol lowing story, ' and our vessel was a bark, named the Eagle. We were bound from -New- port, in Monmouthshire, to Cape Town, with a cargo of iron, and then we were to go on to Melbourne, and thence to Callao. Beside me, there were Captain Blackett, the_master, and Josiah Bitting, the chief matej along with fifteen or sixteen hands forward; including the idlers; and, taking us all round, I don't think that ever a better ship's' company sailed out of an English port. There wasn't a foreigner among us; there was no growling, no loafing ; everything was done quickly arid with a will, and it was not only a pleasure to give an order, but a happinessto watch the exeoution of it. Well, we left Newport on a Monday afternoon, and went away down tho Bristol Channel into the Atlantic Ocean, under all plain sail, in the finest of weathers. For near upon a fortnight there was nothing but bright ness overhead and blue water under us, made feathery by the whipping of the breezes which blew, soriietimes nor' east and sometimes nor' west, coming now and again a trifle fresh, but never so strong as to cause us once to furl the mainroyal day or night. We saw nothing of the trade wind till wo were in about latitude 20 degrees north, and then, after blowing us along for a spell, it failed us one morning with slowly falling glass and a long, ugly grey swell coming out of the sou' west, and a sort of dirty blue sky filmed o'er with haze that might have passed ? for the draininga from smelters' ohimneys. . Amid this the sun hung like a huge jelly-fish, a shapeless oozing of brightness, with scarce enough of power in him to put a streak of light -into the brow of the swell that swung heaving up tall out of the near horizon, with summits that seemed to be trying to wash. the yellow stain he made out of the vault of the sky. There was a queer smell of deoayed marine vegetable mat ter about, whioh oame up in whiffs when the rolling of the bark made white water along side, and, spite of the sky being thin enough to let the. ghost of the sun show through, there was a look overhead that made you think that, if it waB 'night, you'd see-green lightning playing about over the mastheads, like the dartings-of the phosphorus from the - ship's side in blaok water when you're in the tropies and 'the night lies dead upon. tho breathless bosom of the ocean. 'Well, what these plain signs betokened came to pass right enough. The glass went oh. dropping, and ' the swell oame along in a wilder arid angrier roll, until at three o'olook that afterrioon there was search moro daylight visible than you'll find in the last lingerings of twilight ashore.' We were snugged down to lovrer top-sails, the yards square, for there was no call to brace them one way or another when for hours there hadn't been a breath of wind, no, air, not so much as to give a flutter, to the vane at the royal masthead, saving what the barque gave herself by the sweep of her spars. All hands were on deck, standing' by, knowing that something was bound to happen, but incapable of guessing from what quarter it meant to come. It was as much as we could do 'to see one another's faces. The strain on tho spars' arid digging was something fearful with the rolling, and in the gloom overhead yoU could hear' the creaking, 'and complaining, the squealing of sheavos, the groaning of parrals and trusses. At four o'olook, or thereabouts, the wind swept down upon us in a body, right in the wake ot the swell. It was wind at first, but it became a moving wall in a short time, and- before the olewlines could be manned the foretopsail blew up and burst into smithereens, just like one of those elastic air-balls when filled too full. It was a terrible tempest. . I, who have seen some fearful weather in my time, will take my affidavit that a worse Btorm of wind never raged than that. It pioked the sea up :and inade wheels of the waves that looked—! don't say they wero— but that looked to be forty or- fifty feet high. The Eagle.'was full of ifon, very deep, and labored heavily, taking in tons of water forward, so that the under dock foreoastlo was scarcely, to be come at by the men through the Bouttle. In the troughs, during the weather rolls, the : barque would lay, so- far -over to windward .that it was -enough to mako tho oldest seaman iliold his breath to look at. tho curl, of tho oncomiag sea,, and spcoulate; whether (It waa possible that she could .hoist herself out clear of that terrific, white, roaring, flashing aroh boforo it rolled its enormous volume dear over her. But tho Eagle was a good sea-boat, having a flaring bow that forced the head surges to throw her up, and a swell of the sides that made her eork-like on the lean of, a twenty foot hill of water. Had she been of the ordinary tank-shape it must havo been all froth to ten feet above the mast-coats, with tho watch on deok in tho weather-rigging, and the master and mates keeping a look out in the cabin and conning hor by the tell tale. v 'For three days we had terrible weather; then it broke, the wind veered to due east, and after blowing a double-reefed topsail breeze for twenty-four hours settled away into the north east and blow along steady and bright again into the trade wind. It was a Wednesday, the riiorning watch and I had charge of.th&deak.; Daybreak found us under a foretopmast stun' sail, the- sky dear, and the east as green as moonlight with the dawn. The sea was calm, the trade olouds rolling in puffs of vapor athwart the stars overhead andinthowest, and the horizon a line as black.as you could pro duce by the sweep of a pair of compasses dipped in India ink. I stepped ovei; to leeward to have a look at the sea under the foot of the mainsail, and just then the arch of the sun jutted up and^ent a long beam of silver light flashing across tho ocean, tho extremity of whioh sparkled upon an object that appeared white and glistening in tho radiance. It bore about four points on tho lee bow. I fetched the glass and took a look. She was a vessel, of what rig I could not distinguish, but apparently under small sail. I put down tho glass and waited a bit and then had another look. I now fancied I could detect signs of confusion aloft, but of this I could not yet be sure, though tho small canvas she Bhowed made her appearance singular considering the fine weather. Just then Captain Blackett came on deck, and I re ported the sail to him. Hb pointed the tele scope . at her and said : 1 It seems a case of distress. Tour sight's better than mine ; have you made out anything resembling a color? ' ' No, sir.' 1 Well, wo will bear down and see what's the matter. Keep her away,' he called out to the fellow at the wheel ; and at the same time I sung out to the watch to lay aft and brace the yards in a trifle. This was done, and thevessel brought about a point on our lee bow. It was not long before wo were able to mak6 her out very plainly with the glass. It was now seen that she was a small, full-rigged ship, of about eight hundred tons ; her three lower top sails and topmost staysail had been blown away, and her wheel and all boats were gone. She had black bulwarks, and lay very deep, aa though full of water. In tho lower mizzen rig ging theEnglish ensign had been seized, union down, and there it blew, fliokering like a flame, making as strong an appeal for. assistance as ever a man could by waving his hands. Well, we shortened sail, and approached her, keeping a sharp lookoutfor anything that should resem ble a human being ; but there was nothing in that way to be seen. There was a longish deok house aft, and the remains of another one for ward. There was not muoh swell on, and she lay pretty, quiet, giving herself a slow slant now andagain that hove a space of her wet side into the sun and made her flash out like a beacon. ' She looks to be abandoned, sir,' says I to the captain. ' Why, yes, ithat'sherappearanco, cer tainly,' s ays he. ' But it's afine morning ; no harm can be done by your stepping aboard and giving her a brief overhaul.' So tho bark's maintopsail was laid to the mast, a boat low ered, and three hands pulled me aboard the wreck. Two mpn clambcred over tho rail after mo leaving one in charge of the boat. We stood a moment looking around. Her deoks wore full of raffle, ropes, staves, arid casks, and the like, the main hatches were off, as if the crew had been jettisoning her oargo, her port bulwarks forward of the main rigging were smashed flush with the. deck; and altogether she had the 'most wreoked and strained appearance that amost ever I saw in a vessel afloat. I put my hand to my mouth arid sang out ' Anybody aboard here ?' but the only answer thai came was-the sound of the streaming of the wind through the rigging, and the bubbling and washing noise of the water over the side. ' No fear aa to her not being abandoned, sir,' said one of the men. ' An empty coffin oould'nt be more destitute' of life.' I stepped to the door of the deck house and looked in. There was no appearance of. injury hero. A table went down it, with^fixed chairs on one side and a locker on tho other, and on the port Bide was a row of oabins, five or six, I'think. The door of this deck-house swung open,, and I and the two men peered in, and then says I, 1 I'll just step in and see if I can come across any papers belonging to her,' fori must tell you there was rio name on her bows, and whatever might have been written on her stern was under water;. but scaroe had I uttered the above observation when a sort of thin, wailing cry came from one of the oabins. ' Hello 1 ' says one of the men, ' the crow has gone and left poor pussy behind. ' Pussy I ' says I, who had caught the cry very clearly, and heard a note in it there was no mistak ing ; 'that's no oat, lads. Follow me.' And I walked straight to the cabin, from , which the sound appeared to come, and opening the door, saw juBt the kind of sight my mind seemed to havo been prepared, by the: ory we had heard, to witness. The oabinwas abit of box with a souttle.over the topmost of a couple of bunks. Thore were , Some female garments on tho deck, along with an infant's feeding bottle, broken, and a few other domestio odds and ends only met -with at. sea when -there are women aboard. -As wo entered a second small, wailing cry came from tho upper bunk, and, looking, we spied a dead woman in it, with her right arm oast round a baby nine or ten months' old. It was impossible to tell that she was dead till we drew close and saw the signs,, plain. She 'waB a young woman, not more than twenty -six or twenty seven, the hair yellow, and in life I don't doubt she had been , pretty enough, but now her face was so strangely white that she might have passed for a figure, worked in plaster of Paris. Tho baby was too young to ait up; ho lay— it was a boy, sir— he lay in hiB dead mother'a arm, giving.npw and again ' the queer ory we had heard, the wail an infant uttera after it has exhausted itself in. orying for hours. I pioked him up out of the bunk, and found him wet' through,- and his flesh like stone for the cold. His mother's clothes— if ? tho woman wero hia mother, whioh I don't doubt— wero streaming wet, too, and this made us suppose that she had been driven from the deck by. the washing water, arid had entered hor cabin and lain down to die there. 'The men spoke hurriedly about how it came to pass that these two should have been loft alone in the wreck. . Who was she?' I; said there was no accounting for what hap pened at sea. She might havo been the wife of the master, who was drowned in the storm, and left no one to look after her ; or all hands might have perished in getting the boats over, or the crew might have forgotten her when they put off ; .there was no -telling.- !There lay the woman dead, I said ; and I gave the baby to ono of themennamodNipperto hold whilst I pulled off my ooat to wrap tho little ohap up in, for he trembled like a shivering bird with' the cold, and kept on wailing, as if our handl- . ing him and tho sound of our voioes had ' put a bit of - Ufo into him,. We looked hurriedly . into tho other cabins, but thoy were empty, and we could find no papers. . There was no good bringing the dead mother along with us :,tor bury ; , tho' ship she wasiin was her rightful : coffin, arid being .vory-deep, with-.her5.mairi hatoh open, I rightly reckoned that 'tho rioxt bit of sea that got up would sink the wreck faBt enough. I dori't say as I didn't mumble a prayer as I oame away holding the little ohap. It was, an affecting sight to see that young woman lying there so lonely— quite recently, dead, as we might suppose by her little one being alive ; and when I took a last peep at her I almost felt as if she know that I was taking her baby away from hor. We handed the infant into the boat, and shoved off for the barque that lay hove to waiting for us about half a mile to leeward. ' What have you there, Mr. Roband?' sings out Capt. Blackett, lean ing .over the rail. 'A baby, sir,' I answers, and I pulled my coat a bit open, to let him see the little face inside. ' Well, well,' ories he, tossing his hands. ' Look sharp and get aboard.' All hands were looking over the side when I handed tho baby up, and there went a deal of hoarse whispering among the men as they pressed forward to see the waif. I carried him to the captain — the worthiest man, sir, with tho tenderest heart that ever sailed a ship ; ho pulled off his cap as if awed by the misery and ' suffering that was typified by the bairn, and his eyes filled with tears as ho gazed down upon it.' 'And the mother lies dead yon der, Mr. Roband ? ' Bays he, pointing to the wreck. ^ Ay, bit,' says I. 'God receive her 1 ' Bays he. ' ' D'ye understand the management of babies, Mr. Roband ? ' ' Why, I have two of my own,' I answered ; ' but I was so much away at sea when they were little ones that I can't say I ever had a chance of watching what my wife diJ to 'em to keep 'em healthy. But what we have to do with the baby,' says I, 'is to feed him and get him warm at once.' 'Then take him below — take him below, Mr. Roband,' cries tbe captain in a tremulous voice. ' Give him your attention, sir, and never mind about your duties until you've got this poor little creature into shipshape condition.' Well, I carried him to my cabin, and sung out to the steward to help me un dress him, for the thought of handling this frail and delicate objeot alone unnerved me. I'd any day rather have the job of taking in the masts of a. two-thousand-ton ship than the handling of a baby for ten minutes. Both the steward's and: my fingers were square edged, and we had to be very careful in haul ing out the safety pinB and clearing the little chap of tho things he was dressed in. He oried so that I was in agony, making sure we were hurting him; but the steward said: 'No, I know the nature of infants; it would be unnatural if they didn't cry; it's a fashiori their lungs havo of growing.' ' Are you sure ? ' says I. ' Cocksure,' Bays he ; ' haven't I seven of my own, Mr. Roband 1 ' Then the baby was wrapped up in one of my flannel shirts, that being softer than any blanket we had aboard, the steward went and warmed some SwisB milk at the galley fire ; and whUe I was sitting waiting for the Btoward, with the' baby lying on my knees, tho captain comes in. ' God help this pOor little one I ' says he ; ' what age would you take him to be, Mr. Roband ? ' ' Not a year old,' says I. ' Not a year old 1 ' he cried ; ' how wonderful aro the ways of Providence that a tiny bubble of humanity like this should be left unharmed by a storm that, maybe, has drowned all the rough and sturdy fellows who filled that vessel. It's like seeing an iron ship beaten to pieces by seas amid whose hollows you observe the little stormy petrel securely fly ing.' The steward arrived with the warm milk and a spoon, and wo turned to feed the baby. - 1 tried my hand, but it was no good ; I couldn't get the milk down his .throat ; it capBized down his neck, and his being ravenous and orying ' made the job more difficult. ' Here, give me hold, sir,' said the steward; so I put the baby on his knee. Well, he knew more about it than I, and got a fair caulker of milk into the little 'un, and after a bit the little chap fell asleep, where upon he was laid down iiv my bunk, and there he was, quiet enough. ' Sir, \?o had Bome hopes of his 'thriving after this. He was a. sort of a trial in his way, for he wanted washing and dressing and feeding and looking after, and it came hard upon us who hadn't the fingers nor the understanding . for suoh work. He was a beautiful boy. 'I never Baw finer eyes in an infant ; blue as the heavens under whioh we were sailing, and lovely a little figure, Bir. Sometimes when it would come to my turn to undress him I'd let him lie naked on a flannel shirt stretched aoross my knees, and tickle him and make him laugh, until the dropping of a tear, like a parohed pea, down my cheek, would make me feel that I was acting the fool, and allowing thoughts of my home and this bairn's loneliness :to trouble me too muoh. He had but the clothes we found him in ; bo the Captain and I gave eaoh of us a soft calico shirt to one of the men forward, a neat hand with the needle, a chap named Claw, to make into a couple, of suits of linen for the baby; and this and a knitted waist coat and a swathing of flannel round his little starn and legs kept him tidy and warm and oomfortable. 'We all got mighty fond of him. We'd bring him on deck and lay him in the fold of a sail or on the ensign when tbe weather was fine and warm, and then you'd bcb him kicking up his legs in the sunshine, toasting his tiny toes in it, and looking at bis fingers and talking to himself. He made the bark more human than ever I thought a vessel could be rendered. He begot a strong home feeling in us. all, and you'd see the moving fanoies he'd put into the men as they'd oreep aft— and I never pretended to notice them— to have a look at the little 'un. Many a stream of tobacco juice I've Been them squirt overboard from the quarterdeck after watch ing the baby, as it thoir hearts wore too -full to suffer 'em to wait until they got forward to expectorate; Butione day, sir, there came an end to this. It must havo been tho cut ting of a tooth, I think. He had a fit, but pulled through it, and we thought him all right, and I . left: him sleeping and looking comfortable enough in my bunk while I went on deok. We were then in latitude 28 degrees south, in the tail of tho trade wind. I'had been on deok two hours, when: the steward came up through the companion, and, ! ap proaohing: me slowly and speaking 'very solemnly, . he says : ' Mr. Roband,' he says, ' little Jimmy,' that was the name he went by. ' Little Jimmyj' he says,' has gone to jine his mother.' I started and said': ' Wnat's that you say?' He answered : 'Our little un's dead; sir.' I ran below and found the captain in my cabin looking at the baby that lay a corpse in my bunk. I had grown wonderfully fond of tho bairn, sir, '-.and the sight- broke me down, and one or two heaving sobs came from me, no more to be helped by me thah' tho tightness in my throat. ' Ob, sir, it wasas if a beautiful little Indian bird that, you had oherished and Rooked after had died of tho Cape cold in . spite of your love. Only this' was an immortal being, a fellow oreature, a little baby that we had plucked frem the very brink of an.ocean graveinto whioh his mother's dead embraoe waa dragging him ; and we had learned to love him.' 'He is gone!!, said Captain Blaokett ;. ' 'tis God's will, |Mr. Ro band. We 'did our duty by him— we could: 'not havo done more,' ' Wo may take it, sir, that his mother wanted him,' says the steward. ' Ay, steward, and her entreaty has been answered,' says theoaptain, with aglance, aloft. 'I- could not take any hand in equipping the little mite for. his funeral.' I was -too muoh upset, .sir. The sailmaker made a tiny hammock for hiiri, and they!, put his hands together, and smoothed, the little wreaths of yellow hair upon his head, and dressed him in clean things, and, before' lie was stitched up, all handa ; lay . aft to say good-bye, and rie'or a man among thom that ..entered the cabin but Btopped-to givo tho little cold face a kiss before leaving. We kept him till next day , and buried him after eight bells had been made. It was a green, windy,' glistening morning ; the emerald Beas ran at ua, melting in froth as they came, and the shadowa of the men gathered around the gangway swayed at our feet aa tho bark rolled over - the surges and the dancing sun darted beams like spears ~ of light from the clouds through whichhe swung. Oh, sir ! the . contrast of that little hammock upon the grating with the huge grave that was to receive it 1 The service was almost more than some of us could bear ; I'd see tho men turn their heads away and look down, and when at last it came to the passage that's a signal at sea for the tilting of the body into- the water, we all let our breath out ina sob as the tiny hammock sped like a snowflako over tho side and vanished in the slant of a sea whose breaking summit flashed a rainbow over tho spot.' — LondonTclegraph. 