THE ESSAYIST. THE REVENANT. " They die. The dead return not."-SHELLEY. ' Each in his narroir bed, {or ever laid, The rude forefathers of Uic hauilut sleep." -GRAT. . A sort of weird fascination seems to have kept alive the curiosity of nations touching the state of the departed, and the chances of their occasionally possessing the desire, combined with the power, of revisiting the planet where they formerly sinned and suf fered. 8 Insufficient seems the authoritative voice of orthodoxy or convention, whether academic, theological, or physiological, against the traditions and instincts of the peasantry, nay even against the refined culture of scholarship, or t!ie blunting realities of com merce. People trill have their ghosts. 1 see in a recent magazine a sort of plea or apology for them from the pen of an Anglican bishop in the nineteenth century. I have purposely rejected the oldfashioned word ghost (gust, grist) as well as the tarnished and prosti tuted word "spirit" Both have too inti mate a connexion with blowing-practically no less than etymological ly. I beg leave to borrow the French word ricenant or coming-back, as simpler and clearer, for the "ego'.'-the person, in his entire individuality, is supposed to return. The spell of the revetuint lurked in the nervous system of Walter Scott, and its re curring shadows darkened the gloomy hours of Samuel Johnson, despite the strong com mon sense of both, which enabled them to keep reason on his throne and to preserve mental equilibrium. The mathematician begins by clearing his equation of co-efficients. In stating the case for the revenani, are you basing it upon LAW or upon PBIVILEGB ? Is the power of revisiting a common property of all the departed or a remedial measure applied, on rare emergencies, by superior powers, si digitus vindice nodus! The first, I submit, must be peremptorily rejected. Were rivenans as common as rabbits, rats, or mosquitoes, and not, like them, destroyable by terrier, cat, mongoose, insecticide, poison, or rifle, life would indeed be a very sad lunatic hell. The gallows would become a superfluity. Imagine Ned Kelly still abroad or around the ranges, and roaming, occa sionally, over Melbourne, impervious to powder and shot! We cannot concede such revisiting to be the licence, the birthright of the departed, and dependent solely on their volition or caprice. We are thus driven to the other alternative. Hector, in Virgil, is permitted to urge the flight of jEneas; Her cules, in " Philoctetes," settles the wrangles of Neoptolemus and Ulysses, and pacifies the anger of his friend; and our old acquain tance the " Ghost," in Hamlet, revisits the glimpses of the moon, to awaken the dor mant energies of his vacillating, effeminate, and lethargic son. I cannot, then, believe the licence to exist among all as a common property; as little can I believe that any power or gift exists among mortals to "call' or " compel" by any (quasi) dynamical force the departed back to this planet No! the return can take place only by the permission, and perhaps com mand, of a superhuman power, beyond oar ken or foresight There is no such supre macy among mortals. In mesmerism, the patient always does the larger share; if he yield not, the operator is. baffled, nay (I have seen him), painfully disconcerted. In music, painting, poetry, oratory, even land scape, ' whatever is received " (that is, what ever effect is produced)" is received by the re cipient" Canova, Titian, Guido, Reynolds, Mendelssohn, Tennyson, Wordsworth,Shelley, &c.;, awaken no sympathy in some natures, which, nevertheless, nave their uses. There is no " calling spirits, kc." The inferior can not command the superior. Unknown must ever remain the laws beyond the grave. If a rtvenant could appear, he most be sent, and commissioned by a power greater than him self, and, for a purpose he could never have originated. We thus gain some definite conception of the venenata. As the idea and the tradition are both so ancient , and deep-seated, let us inquire whether the reality be possible. Nothing that we can distinctly conceive in volves a contradiction, and therefore does not approach to an absurdity. A quest may be childish, silly, unreasonable, or even per nicious, but antil proved to involve a contra-1 diction it cannot be pronounced to be an absurdity. I do not address those who can hesitate to contemptuously reject the idiotic galima tias of the audacious spiritists. They who can tolerate Byron writing bad grammar and kakography, and Bacon inditing drivelling nonsense, can, no doubt, see nothing absurd1 in the visit of the late Sir Robert Peel to an apostate bosh-parson, or in the return* to earth of the Rev. Peter Menzies (a cultured, well-trained Scot), for no other purpose thin : that of teaching pharmacy to an enthusiastic young;" Jew who had recently embraced Spiritism. To snch staunch spirits, perhaps, not even the confessions of Katie King coma impart light; they must have eyes " Not dim, but of i healthy stare, . Proclaiming boldly that they never knew One look or motion of istelligeooe." We may thus approach the subject with impartiality, bat not with irreverence. The Most High may (and can) use (or permit) uus method of instruction or warning, but Jet w use our reason in testing and analy^ng the fads. All things certainly are possible to God, but that gives not authority coherence, or value to the nonsense of a fool. . The wise and candid respect every probable inlet of knowledge-nay, every seeming att* thority not jwring with reason. The parables ol tbeSon of Mary always have relation to something real in actual ordinary life, and which might be positively taking place St the moment T>ut never to aught erroneous or merely fanciful. A nch man died; also a beggar not unknown to him. Beyond the grave the rich toan could not take a stiver of his wealth, but he could Mid did take with himjpossessions farmore precious and far more noble, viz.-(l) fraternal affection and sense of domestic duty: (2) memory, and belief in the erafatude of the beggar; (i) the poWer to exchange ideas with a superior, and to accept with docility xxw ideas from him. Of such new ideas I note and prize two. <1») "It is an imnossibility for Lazarus to come to yon and shew his gratitude," is the jeply of Abraham, " or for you to come to ok" (2.) "As to your five brothers, at your father's house, natural is your wish. t Thie request I do not say is (like the first] impos sible. But it is useless, barren, and ineffica cious. It would do them no good." " Nay, but," persists the poor fellow, still urgent in his aomcstic love ; " if one rose from the dead they would repent" " They have, " says Abraham, " ample means of self-improvement. If they can not, or will not, use them, neither will they be persuaded though one rose from the dead." On these last words of Abraham, 2,000 years of experience suggest their pungent commen- j tary. But such were a digression from our present theme. My point is that Abraham j assigns two answers wholly different from each other. To the first petition he states " it is an impossibility." To the second, " it would be utterly and hopelessly useless." We have then that the rdvenatit is practi cally possible, as he is theoretically con ceivable ; it then remains to test whether he would prove so hopeless a b'anc-bfc as it seems to have pleased the son of Mary to pronounce him. Let us, then, shortly and concisely, pray in aid our old friend Ilamlet The ghost lacks no element of majesty. His disclosures har monise with his son's previous instincts, with his " prophetic souL '. Yet he left the regions of the departed to no purpose: he could not rouse the WILT, of his vacillating son, but he could awaken his philosophic scepticism. He was not even believed, but tested, and even then not obeyed. His aon knew all perhaps that cloister or saloon could teach, but no practical life had trained his powers of volition, and he was ignorant even of his own popularity, so well known to, and so dreaded by, his keen, observant, and ready witted uncle, Claudius. Not until he has exhausted every pretext of procrastination, not till his mother lies dead trom poison meant for him, and not till he himself has scarcely a minute's life remaining in his veins, does he, in a sort of despairing frenzy, avenge his father, the manner of whose death he independently had long sus pected. What good, then, did the ghost do, what deficiency in his son did he supply, and what motives did he impart that did not previously exist? Hamlet's father "rose from the dead," but Hamlet was not " persuaded" thereby. " Jesus and Shakspeare," writes Emerson. " are fragments of the soul." The words of Emerson, perhaps, may jar discordantly on orthodox ears, but we must take Emerson as we find him. He was an honest thinker, free from coarse malignity, and above vulgar ribaldry. Pardon, then, his calm, cold tribute, and permit him not to transcend your own reverence for an authority you profess to adore without question or even limit. We have, then, two authorities converg ing to one and the same point One of two propositions we must cnoose. Either Shaks pea re's keen observation guided him to an unconscious coincidence and confirma tion, or, Shakspeare, being an earnest, medi tative, and discriminating Biblical student, based his drama upon St Luke xvL 19-31 inclusive. If the *Grat, what a tribute to Christianity; if the second, what a pregnant fact that he, whom we admire, cherished our faith. Of Shakspeare's B'.ble-knowledge take the following:-Hamlet, in his first agonies of discovery of his uncle's guilt and concentration of purpose, breaks off sud denly with " For me- I wiVgo pray." Turn to Psalm cix. " The mouth of the wicked and deceitful are opened: they fought against me, rewarding evil for good. But 1 give myself unto prayer." This is a very peculiar and original idea, He will deepen his sense of superiority over hiB hated foes by persis tent communing with the Most High. This Hamlet adopts and emulates. Our conclusion then is-(1). That the de parted cannot possess inherently any faculty of hit own to revisit earth at his pleasure; and (2). That wispoM and BENEVOLENCE would never permit, direct, or sanction a return certainly barren of all utility, and probably confusing or even mischievous to its immediate object Death exercises a refining power over even the coarsest of the rugged and the most defiant of the reckless. When we lose a true friend we feel, in the fitst hour of sad ness, that "all his good rises and all his evil's lost" We sigh for one-but one-short hour of the enlivening intercourse we could once so freely command. We seem, at such moments, to be unusually scornful of vulgar superstitions and traditions. " Come, wear the form by which I know Thy spirit in tiuie among tliy peera; The hope of unaooompluh'd yean Be large and lucid round thy brow. " Come: not in watches ot the night But where the sunbeam brooaetb worm, Come ! beauteous in thine after-form, And like a finer li^ht in light" These exquisite lines (to me original and unique) give balm to sorrow, refinement to friendship, and purity to affection. Yet, even could so welcome a vision give radiance to " summer's hourly mellowing change/' Its impression would fade within a month. The routine of business, and life's prose realities, would blur it, till, like Hamlet, you might even become sceptical. Woe to you if you disclose it to your best surviving friend,, be will calmly descant on the virtues of podo phyllin, and of the dear streams and cool groves of FernBhaw and the Blade Spur.&c.; And, during the remaining yens of your natural life, a. mildly patronising air of superiority will seem to overshadow his futures, suggestive of bis regarding you as I what BaUantine pronounces Wanen to have been-vix., "a clever lunatic.'' . Impart then to your friend, while he lives, all the kind help and sytUDftthr that you can command,andtnathecannesenre. So shall the sour of death bringno hittefcxexnym brances, no wish that he would retnrafor butan hour to accept your , regrets now.un availing. Memory and conscience are the best embalmera.. " J leave- you." ones a dying wife, V but not forTong. not Jong. Should you ever be conscious of: a, sweet influence think that I aim neartoyoiL"W . Blessed voids; and would, > «h' would, indeed, that they were not wholly 'erTDn&us.; Such thoughts apd- memories, site the best ghosts. The heart is made by them.not a tomb, but a shrine; and joy s recollection becomes joy's faintreflex.like thatvftefijteen bjMw within a rainbOw'srch." ""?:?'. of the nttrtery, Bhe ^to^\h^i^ ^j«lr8 tojore gentle, more teBned, le;. persuaded; tlmtthedenarted would revisit you, if only pe^ittM, ;wiiafc this but the most cheering of 411 aptaftritlons ? To feel a "present sweet inflneiroe," ihjit asks no aid from sense, whs£- is it bfat to be joyously ^conscious or tteljjtfiWMrtr.i of the departed, and, like^^ bf yoor own? ; ' ? , -? ^ .. "BOOM OK Cowm> "RoughOD Oomk" Qoiok r^ieL oomitfoU/lttSi* enteurt. Oonu, wiur&.bunlw^^ADttd- ' - 