MODERN JOURNALISMi jttriDB fob LnERABT Begihnbbs : By John Oldcastle. 'Scehes' ix the Commons. By David . ' Anderson. Times have very mucn cnangea wren journalism since the days of George III. In the eighteenth century the Lords would not allow their names to be even mentioned, and the Bishops disliked publicity as much 03 they are supposed to dislike their office— both, perhaps, on account of their unworthi ness. Even the puissant 'Thunderer' contri buted ita martyrs to the ferocious shyness of the tnin-Bkinned, and a century has not passed since a Walter found himself in the pillory. We, wiser than our fathers, have changed all that It may be that great men have less to hide ; or, indeed, it may be that they are indifferent to public censure. For some reason or another we do not find that journalists nowadays run the same risks as their predecessors. For instance, we do not hear of any Bishop in our time bringing a journalist to the bar of the House of Lords for reflect ing on a speech delivered by him, as a Bishop of Llandaff once brought the printer of the Cambridge Intelligence, and procured hia committal to Newgate. Another case touches ns more nearly. One Thomas Spence ad vocated the abolition of private property in land, n.nfl the sentence on this abandoned criminal was the abalieuation of part of his own property to the extent of £50, together with imprisonment for twelve months. It would have been hard for Henry George to have lived in those times. So changed indeed has become the status of journalism that we find that two successful nOVeilBLS Uia I1UI- UlaUiUU wu icuuuuucuu in w a profession. Anthony Trollope said—' It is . a business which has its ..llurements. It requires no capital, no special education, and may be taken up at any time with out a moment's delay. If a man can command a table, a chair, pen, ink, and paper, he can commence his trade as a literary man. It is thus that aspirants generally do commence it' We cannot say that we are personally acquainted with many journalists whose whole stock-in-trade might be summed up in Buch words as these. Be sides the instruments of penmanship, it is desirable that the would- be Pressman should have some modicum of common sense and general information, and perhaps it might be as well if he added to these some faculty of turning what he thinks or knows into plain English. And, again, it is not quite correct to say that journalism requires no special education. Charles Dickens made David Copperfield take great pains in his prepara tion, and there are very few writers who have jumped into journalism or literature without having first made some unsuccessful attempts.. It 1b not long ago Bince Mr. James Payn also gave, a great deal of good, advice .von this subject. 'There are,' he. .says, M hundreds ; of clever young men ;who -are now living ; at home 'and doing; nothing, who might be., earning very tolerable incomes Dy xneir pens niney only knew how.' Yes, there's the difficulty ! — ' if they only knew how.' ' Clever young men' are a drug .in the market. Their cleverness has .been so impressed upon them that they would like to live on the mere reputation of it. They are too, clever to farm» *°° clever to stand be hind counters, and the learned professions are too much beneath their splendid capa bilities. We often wonder what becomes of 'clever young men.' One never hears of clever old men^ and it would seem somehow that there was a limbo where tHese ghosts of brilliancy wander and shine. They are too clever for this world. By some strange mis chance the good things here mostly fall to honest workers ; and your ' clever young man' does not care about work. To have written a great poem, to have painted the picture of the day, to have been the author of themostpopularnovel— all thesese2m pleasant things enough, and ' clever young men' like to think of themselves as figuring in suoh enviable notoriety. But, unfortunately, the best novel, the greatest picture, the grandest poem are each of them the result of hard work, and there's the rub. If only one could lisp in numbers now as Pope did, we might expect to hear from our 'clever young men.' A good reputation covering emptiness Jis the worst possession a man can'^have, and, depend upon it, there is more^of vacuum than of anything else in the brains of these 'hundreds of clever young men' whom Mr. James Payn speaks of as 'living at home and doing nothing.' Possibly they may have tried some path of life and failed, or the mere drudgery of work may have given them a distaste for entering really into the business of busv men. but surely neither of these is a reason wny tney wouia succeea w urcravure or journalism. Mr. John Oldcastle in the first-named volume at the head of this article lays down some useful . rules to be observed by those who wish to make journalism or litera ture their profession—' trade' Mr. Trollope would call it. He places the advantages and disadvantages of it clearly enough before the reader. There is this distinction between journalismand literature proper, that every body can be somehow connected with a paper, whilst it is only the few who can be writers of plays, poems, and novels. It must not be omitted here, however, that journalism in its higher branches is literature, and thai it is as difficult to write a good leader as it is 'to write a good poem. Somebody says— was it Moseley ?— that ' to write a leading article may take only from two hours to two hours and a half, but then all the rest of your time you are a crouching tiger, waiting, waiting to make your spring.' But, leaving editorial work on one side, there is nothing in journalism, given a common intelligence and the ordinary capacity for hard work, whioh cannot be achieved. Not but that some shine above their fellows in even the most mechanical parts of their duty, and bring them to a rare degree of perfection, To few journalists, however, is it granted to achieve fame. A man may have written a splendid article, and only a select few know who the writer was. He may have been the cause of public attention being directed -a a crying evil, or it may have been through him that relief was distributed to the starviag— but he still remains inglorious. £. few weeks pass and bis article is forgotten, tad, living vividly for a short time, it compensates for its ephemeral splendour by the gloom of early oblivion. For all this, the life of a journalist ia enviable ; in some respite. It is something for a man to know that he has done his work to the beat of his ability, something to fee* that in his small way he has done good, something even in his very incognito which smacks of the happiness of those ^ho reap their reward in the bettering of the condition of those for whom they plead. And again, 'By an apt compensation,' Eay3 bhe little book before us, 'the impersonality adds so much to. the influence of the work done that few who are journalists at biart are found to lament it. A newspaper on the Continent, for instance, with its acknowledged articles, has never had and can never hive the weight in public opinion which an English newspaper possesses. The unrivalled position of the English Press is due fully as much to its anonymity as to it3 comparative freedom.' We cannot precisely foretell what effect Mr. Oldcastle's ugly but handy little vokme will have upon those for whom it Tas written. Possibly it will deter as many as it will encourage, for the. drawbacks are painted a3 vividly as the advantages. The ''clever young men,' of whom Mr. James Payn writes will probably awaken from the dream into which his words lulled them, and they will recognise the fact that journalism is not the quiet, genteel profes sion which their fancy painted it But we believe that to others, who are not clever, perhaps, but ^ho have something in them for all that, this ' Guide for Literary Beginners' will be useful and instructive. And to such as enter the profession Mr. Oldcastle repeats Thackeray's golden rule—' Ah ! ye knights of the pen, may honour be your shield, and truth tip your lances ! Be gentle to all gentle people. Be modest to women. Be tender to children. And as for the ogre Humbug, out sword, and have at him.' The second book on our list ia a series of sketches by Mr. David Anderson, of the DaUy Telegraph We have placed the two works in juxtaposition, not because 'Scenes in 'the Commons' -is- ia^type'- of ?- Ideal journalism, but because it is~ a very fair Bample of a style of journalism which is very fashionable just now. We do not make this a reproach against it, for even fashions have their value. And indeed the introduction of the personal element into the criticism of public men has many advantages and ha* often been beneficial. Not long ago two public men debated this question. One of them said that he was entirely impervious to criticism, and that he did not in the least cars for the opinions of the public Press. Now, everybody knows what this statement means and can pretty accurately gauge it3 truth. The other man took & totally different Btand, ' I do care what the Press says about me. The newspaper, as representing thepublio, has a right to give its opinion on a public man ; but this opinion should not be couched in such language as to make my children sorry that they ever had a father, and it is my duty to see that no action of mine Bhould give occasion for a censure which would cause my children to blush for me.' Now, there is no hiding the fact that the introduction of personal allusions might be a temptation to some writers to use their power wrongly. One of the safeguards against this is the force of public opinion, which will not sanction condemnation of an individual unless that condemnation is deserved. There are other safeguards, too, but this and the characters of the journal and the journalist are the chief. The writer of such sketches as these of Mr. Anderson is a miniature combination of a ?Macaulay and a Pepys. He must make his work chatty and sociable ; it must be as entertaining reading as a novel. It naturally nas unis aavancage over a novei, that its readers are assured that the heroes are real men, and that what is recorded did actually take piace. Everybody likes to know something about great men. Some trick of speech, a little mannerism, or it may be a foible or so, brings them somewhat nearer to us. What would we not have given if a dramatic critic had left upon record his impressions of Shakspeare as Adam, or if somebody in the Press Gallery had told us all about Oliver Cromwell when he was ex pellin? honourable members and jeering at baubles I And so who can estimate the value which may be placed in after days upon the pen-portraits of Gladstone and Bright, of Parnell and Bradlaugh? Nay, even our local statesmen may have a securer niche in the Temple of Fame by aid of the ' quill-drivers' to whom the present Premier alluded so sarcastically the other day. Those who take up their paper and laugh cocsumedly .over the portraits therein con tained generally think that anybody could write like that This mistake is as great as it is. common. Let anybody who ha3 been present at the sittings of the House of Com mons get his pen and write out an account of what he has seen. Let him show this sketch to an unbiassed judge and hear his opinion. The chances are all aeainst a favourable verdict, ana no wonaer. jjut, -tuiuersoia uaeu his eyes, but he used his brains as well. The pen was his weapon, but it was wielded with judgment, His style is light, airy, and at tractive; his book is very pleasant reading, and we watch all through the famous forty one and a half hours' sitting with unflagging watchfulness. There is a touch of the dramatic about him too. With a quick eye he catches the points of the man and makes him move and speak in our presence. Very few men could see so much in a short time as Mr. Anderson did on the occasion of Mr. Bradlaugh's administering the oath to himself. As this man is still exciting a share of the public attention, induced by the unwise conduct of those who have made a martyr of an atheistical demagogue, we give the passage verbatim :— 'Mr. Bradlaugh was pale, excited, and restless, in dread of % repetition of the scene when he fought with the officials of the House, and— so he says— nearly lost his life in the encounter. Looking now to this side, now to that, and anon in front of him, he wiped his hot and fevered lips and brow with a large white handker chief, played nervously with his eyeglasses, took from his pocket the certificate of his return for Northampton, passed it from one hand to the'other again and again, and stood, as the slow minutes lagged, straining for the opportune moment to make a dart forward to the table. At exactly six minutes to 6, seizing he instant when the questions had come to an end, he ran up to the mace, bending from the middle, in obeisance to the Chair, his large black coat-skirts flapping outwards, Messrs. Burt and Labouchere doing their best to keep up with his long, hurried strides. Then his companions retired, leaving him alone — 'the observed of all observers.' First of all Mr. Bradlaugh deliberately took from the left breast-pocket of his coat a small, thin volume, bound in dark leather, and, reaching across the crown of the mace, laid it down lengthwise upon the despatch box. He then more hurriedly took from the same pocket a small white paper, on which were written the words of the oath, and the blue foolscap sheet of his return. Holding the papers in hi3 right hand, with his left he then took the book from the table, recited the ^Yords of the oath— in a voice inaudible only a few yards off— put back the little book in its place, felt in his waist coat pocket for what appeared to be . a stylographic pen, signed the white slip, unfolded the blue one, which he laid, with the other atop, upon the despatch-box, waited while the Speaker addressed him, and then making a hasty retreat backward, scurried up to his place undsr the gallery, and, having put his hat on, .smiled upon the ahouting and groaning;assembly.' We have given this passage as an example, not because it is the best in the book,, but because the copy opened at it Let the reader imagine himself a witness of this scene. How much of it could he transcribe when it was over? Would not his attention be so distracted by the thing itself that he could tell hardly anything of its manner? True, they are petty details which Mr. Anderson has given, but it is such petty details that make the picture . complete. Why, we can see the man rushing up to the table and going through the formula, and can hear, though the writer only alludes to it, the deafening tumult of the assembly. This is where the Pepys-partof the combination comes in — the ingredient of triviality, which is as necessary as the attractive style to make a good descriptive writer. : . There are blots and ' blemishes in Mr. Anderson's work. For instance, he is not so correct as he Bhould be. The Home Secre tary (Sir William V. Harcourt) is the grand son of an Archbishop— not the son of a Dean. There is no such person in the House as the Colonel Stanhope whom he inakea a Con servative leader, and a Knight Grand Cross is a very different personage from a Companion of the Bath. But, all thinga considered, 'Scenes in the Commons' ia a very interest ing book, and must have its readers in an age when the public takes an interest in the man and; bis surroundings as well as in the politician. ? ^ ? . The Eight-houes Celebration Com MiTTiE. — The weekly meeting of the Eight hours Celebration Committee was held at ' the Bristol Tavern, Franklin-street, on Wed nesday evening. The sub-committees brought up their report. The officers of the . Sports Committee are — Chairman, Mr. J. [.Salmon Secretary, Mr. D. Jonea ; Handicappers, ' Messrs. J. Salmon, W. B. Donnan, and W. Stanton ; Starter, Mr. H. Henty ; Judges, Messrs. J. Spence and G. Clark ; Referee, Mr. Sparshott ; Judges of Quoit Match, Messrs. M. Horan, . J. Miller, J. Colman, and H. Banhester. Band and Banner Committee— Chairman, Mr. P. Stokes ; Secretary, Mr. H. E. Davis. A very long discussion took place on a com munication from the Trades and Labour Conncil inviting the committee to co- operate with them in asking the Government to set aside a piece of land for the purpose of building a Trades Hall and Institute. Ulti mately it was decided that the question should stand adjourned. 