Sfcetcber. Black Bess. Bx Mas. M. L. Rayne. Was it a dream ? We certainly did not think so at the time, nor hare I, ir all the years that have gone by since, had occasion ts chtuogc my mind about it. Indeed, the conviction that it was not a -dream has grown with my growth and strengthened with my strength, and the prominence which it assumes as a jpart ot the event® of the past confirms and sustains that conviction. If not a dream, what was itt There are certain sychological conditions in pe#ple of abnormal temperament in which phenomena are recurrent and tmexplainable. You may not be able to see ghosts in disembodied|spuits with your natural sight, bat when the friend of years tells you with the inost solemn asseverations that some one long-since deaid has appeared to him in bodily shape, will you dare to deny his word or affirm that it was a dehuion ? The eyes are wonderful mediums of vision, and the soul. is an occult philosopher, and "There are more-things in Heaven and earth, Horatio, Than are dreamt of in your philosophy." The Scotoh people are believers in seoond sight. Ify mother was a lineal descendant of the old woman, without (appai£n4iy) were boys, Sot ina j^pe^pfai virag^bnt with the cdm fdhse of a Sputa&mopwr;, until we had learned to abhor lies and tele^feari% able to conquer flgfeatrmH j~tte jaiga depawt oi B* dd Adam which muddled our moral natures, ^v We were a large family, one of the old-fashioned kind, regular and nnmaroni as atepf to a stair. Whan ar eldar dstar waa jiarried and liring »t JiomaTwai a'littialiltowUw^jM*.*^1 • • * ' a slight tinga«f aia- ^tiifMttQn-^tit TOlika iiaving two mother* alonia. Next to my aister MBafhi pride and honor of bar family, Bodariak, my ddeat teotha^ He was a tell, fdr-hured lad of M, Vat like a sun of the world In all Ida ways. He waa . our Business head, since my father's death. My father was a minister of the old MA, and preachad till he died. Bodarick waa to have been a minister, too, but he dways add no ] the worid's work was beist for him, and it was when he was doing his beat work in the bnsiness ranks, buying and sdliqg and making "a dean heap of money to add to the old estate—well might we younger ones te pfirad of oar braw elder orotiiar; and then it was nbthar had herdream I But «o«it a dream? Our mother waa not a dreaqier, nor did wa know she had any giit of seeand light. Often we would ait about her la the .gloaming and .beg her to tell ni eerie stories of fetches ana appearances, lit die. never did, declaring all suoh foolish gossip as penurious to our mmds. ^ So she sang us haroie songs instead, or recited the valiant deeds of her ancestors on the Add of Flodden, or told tfi Bible atortes that ware like romances as she related item in her stern, .deep Voice and commanding V1H w wtnu. tnnnnnr no no UMVU, «nil strong utu Scotch u. idiom. summon But as often courage as we to - dared, say. in one the or 1 another would used in the family: " Hither, in the tell x half dialect we whin fayther deed."' us what ye saw fayther deed."' Then her eyes wanld ^ow like two live coals deep in her head, and her voice wodd sound as if it came from tome great distance, and she wsuld say in that still, soft way that has something hushed and awful in it: " Tell no rememberthe day. But to me it's as dear as yestreen, I waur biding at home done, for you, Allan, waur a baby. It waur a Sabbath, and your fayther preached as he aye did at Ordequill Kirk, and it waur not time for them to be back whin I lookit.out and saw your father coom up the hill; he waur pale as death, an* Ithochtit waur his last sickness, he lookit that ghostly white." " An' thin, mither f " we would hurry her with, as she stopped and looked down. • " There's nothing more to tell," she would say wearily. • "It waur no your fayther at all; he died i' th' pnlpii, a half hour afterward, wi'out a word of warning. What I aaw come up the walk and which never cama in at the door waur his wraith come to give me warnin'. Now, children, rin awa', and vex me no mair." When ye younser ones spoke to Bodftrick about it he always said mother was overtired and dreamed that, but we had not settled it in our own minds when what follows happened. Boderick had been away for a week on some business of land eelling he was engaged in, and we were expecting him home on a Saturday night in time for sapper with the family.' But he did not come, and we were all more disappointed than we cared to own. Mother did not say mnch, but die looked worn and put out. Her room was a small [bedroom off fhe living room, and she left a hot fife burning, for the night was cold and daeary, and she knew Boderick. would be wet with the heavy winter fog that hung over everything without. We did not lock or bar the door, a precaution, indeed, that we addom took, and expecting to Bee Boderick in the morning, we all went to bed to mfeet again at the breakfast table. That morning mother was late, a most uncom mon thing for her. "My sister had spoken with her, and she was getting her clothes on, so we all sat around the table with our porridge-bowls before us, and waited for the blessing which began each meal, and without which we dared not touch spoon or knife. When mother came she looked around the table and asked quickly: "Is no Roderick dodn yet? " No, mither," said Jinny, " Roderick is na at home the morn, sin he did na eome yestreen." " But he did ooom," said mother, " he's up yon now, sleepin'. Ye need na disturb him," and she bent her stately head in its widew's cap and in toked that blessing of which we had never yet heard one word. That It was all right we had no doubt—we took it upon trust. Breakfast was nearly over, when mether looked at me and said: " Bin oop, Allan, and wake your brither." My porridge was good and 1 had " happed on " a teaspoon of sugar when my sister was looking the other way, so I whined: "Sind Bobbie, mither; he's through wi' the 8 vittles." Mother looked at me. I-rose expeditiously enough then, and went up the well-worn stairs three at a time; Whistling the air of "Bonny Kilmeny." then kicked en Roderiek's door onee or twice. No answer. Next I knocked decently, and called, " Boderick 1 beest in?" . There was dead silence. I opened the door a little, then wider. There was no one there, and the bed had not been slept iii. I went down stairs and told my story. Uy mother rose up wrathfully and said in her sternest voice: " An' yev'e been triflingTU warm your jacket, Allan 1" But I was not afraid. She did not find Roderick any more than I did. " Awa* to the barn," she said, as she came down; " hell be there, happen. Bat no Boderick was there. " How coom ye to think as how the lad was at hame ? " asked Jinny, as she deared the table. " I saw him," answered mother, solemnly; "I saw him wi' my twa een. He coom in aboot twal o' the clock, and I spake wi* him, but I mind he didna answer. Happen he's dead, as his fayther wan afare him. Aye, Boderick, my son, myaon,!" All unconsciously she used the pathetis words of Sing David, and we children were thrilled as if weird prophesy had been spoken. All but Jinny; sne was not a romantic young Woman, and she had no superstition; so she add whiles she folded the doth: " Te dreamed it, mither." "Aye J as I dreamed about your, fayther, if ye call that dreaming," respondedmother. " There he is now," cried Jinny, pointing window,." coaming up the lull on a gallop, children, and open the gate to him." " That Boderick 1" I cried, eontemptu. Why, that's a cod-Mack horse, and he the Bin, away on a sorrel mare. Na, na, that is na ma gude big brither." Bat indeed it was, as I saw a moment later when he rose in his stirrups and waved his cap to mother in the doorway. . I ducked under tier arm—our mother was a woman of large stature—and ran away to meet my brother. How good and handsome he looked as he put his hand down to help me on the saddlebow in front of him. "Mither thocht you waur deed," was my first foolish remark. , " Not yet, little brother," he sdd, laughing lightly, "nor likely to be, please God; 7, he doffed his cap as he spoke. Mother waited on himat his late breakfast wife hungry eyes, and Jinny piled up the barlqy cakes, each one hotter than the other. " You woman folk spoil me," he sdd, between' the mouthfuls. " Now me ain mither, what waur it ye dreamit aboot me ? " " It was na a dreem," sdd mother. "Ah, noo ve ken it was," said the laughing laddie, "or if it " waur the vision' Ye will laugh at me, thin," said mother, in a low voice, " but if ever I saw ye alive wi' ma tira een, I saw ye last nicht at twd o* the dook as plain as I do noo." "An* what was I doing, mither $" We all gathered, wide-mouthed and staring, to hear what mother wodd say. "I will na say a word," remarked mother, with sadden anger, " if a' body langhs ; ca' it a dream if ye want, but listen respectful like, whiles I talk." The Scotch are not a nation of gigglers. In a moment our faces were as set as flint. "It waur nicht, dark nicht," began mother, and I hed kep* awake listenin', nstenin' for ma boy to coom, for you ken it's the first time he has ever disappointed me, and I expected him every moment, happen naught had gone wrang. I waur wide awake an' watchin' the firei* the chimney- place, and whiles I thocht of him, and whiles I thocht of his fayther he is bo vera like, an* then thd v door opened • sudden like, and he walked in and went oop to the fire. I was'na surprised an' I did'na speak yet; ha took off his reat-coat, an* I saw it was'na wet, an' I wondered hat had kept him dree; he hung his coat over a' hair—ye mow it's your way of doin*—an' he ook off his neckerchief and hung that on the hair, too, an' stood ower the coals and shivered; hin I called, 'Are ye cold, lad?' and you never pake, nor turned your head—an' ye were that ale I thocht ye waur fainta' ridin. "And what became of me or my double?" sked Boderick gaily. " That I canna tell. I knew no more, for my ind was easy at your bein' at hame, an* I slept ill late this monnn'." - : " That she did,", said Jinny. "Butwhere waur. yoa,"Rodari&,the nkht?" ' v i -" At: 'Bailie BlaverittcVs, who once-.went{ a-courtiil^our good mither here whopi she waur.«fr slip of a lass. Eh, mither ? . Ill warrant ye can Wnah yet,-like ajrosei' the sun.' 1 is - , • . " graceless lad l " .-said Bhe, »nQi theiove^' Sght in her eyes as she followed his every motion! no proud and fond of him in his brave manhood. 1 ' And now, mither, you'va often : heard said 'that one story is good tit metier iateld.' I rote t^ miles ovar tha i^i^ jaiSMa^n^o get hama this mom and here l am, not deed at aV n*r flttia *o be. So you r'e dream or vision is at fault jthia tima, - Now, come out dl o' ye and aee thebnve blade steedthatistoflH the Wrdmare'B" p&ce.; Black Bess is.a besnty, and l got her at an even dicker.-" - " A blaok horse is an unsanny baist," add my. mbther, grnefully. - < "Iiooks like a mute at , a 'fun'ral l " intfflpo8ed Bobbie. ' '" Whist," _said Jinny, sharply,-"you're enough to kill- one in yopr dismal etaverin*. Gang awa into the sunshine, and get the black man' out of your thocbts." ."> It was a bright morning a^ter the fog, and we ttajnged out with a will to aee the new purchase, mother.'with.father'a plaid over .her shoulders, the rest of ub bareheaded and full of pranks. Boderick brought out the horse, a mettlesome creature, with much white to the balls of her eyes, and her sleek ears , laid well back. Prancing and curveting, she wont'the rounds.of the yard, Roderick holding the halter strap with a fen pip. Suddenly Black Bete east a shoe. ^ " Pickit up for luek," whispered Robbie. "Take -the halter, Allan," said Roderick. I was mortally afraid of the towering beast, but more afraid to disobey my brother, and I stepped op gingerly and held the halter while tha uncanny creature sniffed at me suspicionsly. Boderick Btoo] dioe. He was face, for the black Side, and landed me on the wood-pile. Then ahe rushed to the barn.'" r&crabbled; down' and ran up to Boderick. The shoe was in his hand, he was still Smiling, but there was a settling ip all his limbs, and in a moment he lay in a heap at our feet, dead—aye, dead, and the smile frozen on his face! It was so awfully sudden that we could not at first believe it, and even when they told us that the imprint of that brute beast's foot was found over his heart we hoped against hope that he might survive. All but mother. X am an dd man and my hair is lint white, - but FQ never forget, no never, how she stood and looked at him without a tear or a sigh, and said to herself over and over: . . a " It waur na dream ! It waur na dream !" —Detroit Free Press. 