In Mr. Spurgeon's Prayer Meeting. It was a few minutes after seven when we entered, and the meeting had already commenced. Mr. Spurgeon was making a few introductory remarks, and, from the one or two sentences we heard, we gathered that he would this year complete the thirtieth year of his pastorate there. Having thus introduced the meeting, he offered an earnest prayer, giving thanks for past mercies and pleading that they might be able to hold fast what they had, and be kept free from all deleterious doctrine. More than half of those who were present at the meeting came in late. Indeed, nothing else appeared to be expected, judging from a petition in the pastor's prayer that those who should subsequently swell their numbers might likewise swell the volume of their prayers. A hymn having been sung, Mr. W. Olney was requested to remember specially in prayer a daughter of Mr. Dunn, an earnest worker at the Tabernacle, who was dangerously ill, and one of the elders (Mr. Hill) was asked to make a letter which Mr. Spurgeon read a subject of faithful. pleading. The writer of the letter besought the prayers of the Lord's people for the conversion of his father, mother, and seven sisters. Some time ago a friend had written to the Tabernacle requesting prayer for his conversion, and that prayer was answered in a few weeks. " You see," remarked Mr. Spurgeon, after he had read the letter, " there is no end to it. If the Lord hears prayer and saves one, that gives room for half-a-dozen more. Here are seven more. The stream of prayer grows, and the more it grows the more the Lord loves it." Mr. Hill, in praying for another case of sickness which had been mentioned, mistook the sex of the sick one, which provoked a few lively words from the pastor. " I was reading the other day," he said, " a book of anecdotes. Now sometimes in books of anecdotes you will meet with rather extraordinary things. I saw a large number of anecdotes with my name at the bottom of them. Usually they are not true when my name is at the bottom. This was not. It said that Mr. Spurgeon, on one occasion, was called in to pray on behalf of a sick child, and he understood from the mother that it was a sick boy. When he had done praying she said, ' My dear sir, my child is a girl.' He said, ' Oh, that does not matter a button. The Lord knows all about it, if I do not.' So our dear friend Hill has been praying for a man when it was a woman. He is mistaken. Though the story was not true, it comes in very handy just now. God knows for whom prayer was intended, and the answer will come, without doubt." After a hymn and prayer, Mr. W. Olney, a deacon of the Tabe rnacle, gave a brief account of the service held at the Bermondsev Town Hall on the previous evening, when the Lord Mayor of London presided. The pastor followed, describing an afternoon's converse he had had on Saturday with Mr. Moody, the great evangelist. " Our dear brother," said Mr. Spurgeon, " strikes me as having more power about him than ever he had. There is a certain quiet depth of conviction about him. The wonderful strength of purpose that God has given him is, I think, very remarkable, and I do expect to see a very great blessing from his work. Let us pray for a good time at New Cross, where the old cross will be lifted up. I heard a story connected with one of these meetings which rather amused me. A poor soul in the enquiry-room, being talked to by a very poor man whose h's had all gone to the winds in a most hideous manner. He said, ' You do not understand the Gospel ?' ' No, I do not.' ' Go home and read the fifty-third of Isaiah till you come to that verse that has a 'hall' at the beginning. Go in at that hall door. You will know the verse, because it has another 1 hall' at the end of it. Go out of that hall door and you will be saved.' This is the verse as I read it, not being such a Londoner as some, but an Essex man,' All we like sheep have gone astray; we have turned every one to his own way, and the Lord hath laid on Him the iniquity of us all. I do recommend to all our friends that verse that begins with an ' all' and ends with an ' all.' ' All we like sheep have gone astray ; we have turned everyone to his own way, and the Lord hath laid on him the iniquity of us all. Lord, grant that we may be found among the second ' all.' We are among the first; may we by faith get a grip of the second." Mr. J. W. Harrald then prayed for a blessing on the Lord Mayor's service and Mr. Moody's work. After which Mr. Spurgeon summoned all to join in prayer by singing, " Revive thy work, O Lord, Thy mighty arm make bare; Speak with the voice tliat wakes the dead, And make Thy people hear." At the conclusion of the hymn Mr. Spurgeon said, " We have been praying for some of the Lord's best-known servants. My heart keeps saying continually, ' Would God all the Lord's servants were prophets,' and that the power of God would rest on all His people. Are there any here who have never yet been used of the Lord at'all ? I think yon cannot feel satisfied. It must be the instinct of your new-born heart to want to be a blessing to others. I do not think that you can coop a man up entirely to himself if God has made him a Christian. I find that some plants—large palms for instance—if they are put in pots they are likely to get pot-bound. I have one at home. It wants a larger pot. I tell you I know it, because, without giving any notice, it just breaks the pot into many bits. It does not wait for any help. When it gets to a certain size, and it wants more room, it just breaks the pot all up. So I believe when the life of God is in the soul of man lie is growing, and he breaks his pot up. He cannot be held in within any region. He wants more room. He breaks out somehow. Our brethren break out sometimes in very odd ways. They must be doing something for the Lord Jesus. You must not tell them what. If you tell them it might not happen to be the right thing. They mu6t do in their own way. I have heard of some water freezing inside a very hard shell. It burst the shell when it began to freeze. So it is when the heart begins to swell. It bursts its shell. Some of our dear brethren and sisters have uncommonly thick shells, hard shells. I have heard of hard-shelled Baptists, and I think I have met with some. They are so quiet and retiring and diffident. Let them grow. Let them burst their shells. They cannot help it. They will be doing something one of these days, and they will become as improper as some others. They must somehow manifest the life that is in them by seeking to glorify our Lord and Master. Let us pray for a universal baptism of the church of God, that all the people of God may be baptised with the Holy Ghost and with the power. Brother Gwillam, will you pray for this ?" A hymn having been sung, the pastor remarked, " That is a grand and inspiring 6ong. It reminds us of what God did when lie overthrew Pliaroah. Pharoah was very stout and very proud, but Jehovah triumphed. He cut Rahab and wounded the crocodile, which was the emblem of Egypt, and Egypt was broken in pieces. It seems to open one's mouth to ask great things of God. I do not think there ever has been a time in our experience in which there isBO much doubt and infidelity and error abroad in the world as there is now. I hope, in answer to prayer, that God may do some great convincing work that sliall bring back the people to the truth as it is in Jesus. Now, before the Lord will accomplish all His purposes, and gather together all peoples, He will gather in the Jew. Brother Levinsohn, colhe and pray for your own people." (Mr. Levinsohn, who is himself a Jew, is an agent of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel among the Jews.) " Brother Carr, do you follow with a big broad-mouthed prayer for a large blessing. We want a big blessing. ' Open thy mouth wide and I will fill it.' He has never promised He will fill it if we do not open it wide. I believe we do not get the blessing oftentimes because we do not open our mouths wide. There is the condition. If you want money from a friend you must not ask for much or you will not get it. You must put it low. God says, Po not put it low. Ask Me great thingsj treat Me like a great God. Now let us join with these two brethren that God would save His ancient people, and bring in the fulness of the GentileB, and glorify His name. Let us pray." After Messrs. Levinsohn and Carr had prayed, Mr. Spurgeon pronounced the benediction, the meeting having lasted exactly one hour and a half. As we came away we thought we saw in the meeting the secret of Mr. Spurgeon's success, and the prosperity of the manifold agencies in connection with the Tabernacle. The meeting was not at all like the old-fashioned orthodox prayer-meetings, but rather like a large family gathering, each member having come up for the purpose of prayer and praise and Christian converse. Would not a little less form in the conducting of our prayermeetings add sometimes to their spirit and interest ?— Freeman. 