A TRUE GHOST STORY. ———— BY " CLOVER " "Oh, yes, of course," I fancy" l hear my reader exclaim,—" every ghost story is true, but we do not believe it for all that." Be that as it may, most firmly do I be- lieve that the story I am about to relate is true, and the circumstances are the fol- lowing :— A well- known clergyman of the Church of England—formerly a resident of Mel- bourne—but now incumbent of a parish in either Queensland or N. S.W.—was on one occasion travelling in the last named colony. He visited many stations on his way, and would frequently accept the hospitality of their owners, and re- main one and sometimes more nights at the homesteads. Arriving one evening at a station— which for convenience sake we shall call "Barrowville "—Mr. ——— its owner, cordially invited him to stay that night, and longer, if he could afford the time. Being fatigued by a long day's ride, the clergyman williigly accepted the invita- tion, and dismounting entered the house. It was a large comfortable building, sur- rounded—as are almost all station home- steads—by a wide verandah. He was conducted into a large airy din- ing room where the family was seated at tea. During the meal, our friend entertained his host, and Mrs. ——— with accounts of his travels, in the various colonies, and the recital of many an anecdote, but the common subject of "Gost" was not touched on. There being a bright moon, and the season being the latter part of spring, our friends preferred the cool veranedah to the rather oppressive atmosphere of the house, and thither strolled when tea was over. At about 10 o'clock the clergyman feel- ing tired begged to be allowed to retire, and was taken into a bedroom on the ground floor, in size and height equal to the dining room. The night being, as I have mentioned, warm, and the moon bright, he neither shut the window, nor drew the blind, but lay gazing out into the calm night, and gem-bedecked heavens, and feeling the cool night zephyrs—wafted through the open window—fan his cheek. Presently he saw a figure standing just outside the window, it drew nearer, and folding its arms, rested them on the out- side ledge looked straight into the room. The figure was that of a young man, pro- bably, six or seven, and twenty years of age. The face was handsome, but the expression far from pleasing. He was dressed in an ordinary suit of grey tweed, and on his head was a smoking cap, the peculiar, and uncommon appearance of which immediately arrested the clergy- man's attention. It was of Indian cloth, and workman- ship, and singularly handsome. Not for one instant did our friend think that what he saw was anything super- ID natural, it was too real, too natural. .He at once surmised that the young man was (like himself) a visitor in the house, and had been probably spending the evening :11 at an adjoining station, and not returned *y till after all the inmates of the house 4l were in 1bed. He therefore could not Lt know that the room into which he was w gazing had an occupier. Is For about ten minutes he stood there n never moving, the clergyman began to A think lie perlhaps ought to speak and ap ,d prise him of his presence, when he moved ii his armls from their resting place, and it turned slowly away. "Alh" thought the clergyman, " hlie u has gone to his own room now, I suppose, \- queer that lie should have stood so long ii looking in here, and not seen me, lie seemed buried in-thoulght." LHe soon. dropped asleep, and slept till a about five the next morning. When hlie x rose, and (having said farewell to his kind e friends the previous night, for lie knew lie would be obliged to leave early) went 1 to the stables, saddled his horse, and rode e ii wished to reach that night a station, i distant about fiftr miles from ]Barrow \- vile, the owner of which was an old friend of his; and wlomn we shall call "Rose." The day wuas hot-, and at five in the afternoon, when the st:ation was reached he was thoroughly tired, and felt thankful that lie was able to remain at his I friends house for two days. He was met at the door by Mrs. Rose, and ushered into the house. Tie first thing which met his gaze on entering the hall, was- the smaokiwl cap hanging up. Yes, beyond :a doubt the idolntical smloking cap he had seen- the night before-lie had remarked it too I closely then to be.easily mistaken now. He was shown a roomn in which lie might wash his hands, and remove the dust from his clothes-aand there lie turned the incident over in his mind. Strange to say, not even then, did the idea 'of at " Ghost " occur to him. He imagined the young man, whom lie had seen at the bed room window must have left B.arrowville earlier even than he had, and arrived at this station first. He concluded hlie should meet himattea, and dismnissed the matter from his mind. In about twenty minutes lie joined Mrs Rose in the drawing-room, and after ma few minutes conversation, she opened anl album, and handed it to hinu. The clergyman turned the leaves, and occasionally saw a face that lie knew. Suddenly his attention was riveted by1, a face-the same face lie had seen .the night before. Yes, there it was, line, for line, and the same bad-tempered expres sion was upon it, that had struck him, when first lie saw it. : "?Irs. Rose," lie said, " May I ask who this is, and if lie is now staying in your house" 7 " No " she replied, answering the last part of my question first, "He-- is not staying in the house, lie is de ad and has I been dead about three years. Poor fellow his end was a sad one, though we never knew the exact particulars; lihe was on a visit at Barrowville ; and staying there at the same timte was a young nman of about the samne age as my cousin (for cousin lie was tho' I forgot to tell you) they never liked each other, and were continualy quarrelling. - At last., one day, my cousin in some way, so enraged. Mr. -- that lie chal lenged hiim to fight. The challenge was G accepted; but nothing more was knowni till my poor cousin's dead body was found the next day, not far from the homestead. It is supposed lie was struck on the -heart by his ntagonis?t, and killed iistmiitly. Mr. - , disappeared thelre and then, notlhing has been heard of hi,, since. Of course no one supposed lihe intnded to p kill my co:nin, but the blow was fatal. Now you know the whole story, at least all i, or any. one else knows, it is.a very sad onie, and unless especially asked for p:rticulars ; I never refer to it." The clergyman's feelings niy liobe btter imagined then described, but lie kept his C] own counsel, and did iot alarm his hostess G by relating what had occurred. Presently lie asked. "' Have you any thing that belonged to your cousin, whlich you keep as a imemiento of hism ? " "?Yes," replied Mrs. Rose, "I lave a smoking ca:p he used to wear, it is a very handsome one. I will show it to you." Aind rising, she went into the hall, return ing, with lthe smoking cap in lier hand. .T; It was all clear anow. ' The figure at the - wiidow was of no living "mau,;'and a A shudder went tlhrough the clergyman, :is he thought of it. He never knlw whethlier thie apparition had been seen before. arnd as he left the district the next day' lie iimade no iii quiries. That is the story as it was told to ime, and most firmly do I believe it. I1 do not consider myself superstituous, and laughI at the : every: day oirthodox Ghost clad in a:white" robe; but I do be lieve. that apparitions-(sueh i's the one I have mentioned) do appear sometimes, and itiis generally for a purpose. i have told my story--discredit it if you will-it will make no difference to nie, for most firmly do I believe.it to be? " traue Ghost Story." - T1 While her mother was taking a fly out of the butter, little Daisy asked: " Is thiata butter fly, snmmma.'ni . For continuation of reading matter see fourth? page. . . i 