EC ?OES O M?? ELBOURiNE.. (Bl THi GHOST.) No ,one, thinks of. politics now.' Bny comnion consent the; subject appearsi to have been droppedi and even the people who always give publicity- to rumours on "tlie very best authority' "-and who in general.turn out to be, false prophets- have given up vatecinating. Except:, in somueremote country place, far from tlhe busy huini of.: the metropolis, .where an agricultural shoi affords a preotoxt for.the appearance of a Minister, there is notiling to remind the colony that it is blessed with responsibl government, and pays :a Governor ten-thousand, and his adviiers tile sum 6f fourteen' thlousand. pounds:per annum in.virtud of being allowed to enjoy that privilege. 'Even the haiilints of pirivate members of Parliament know thedm no more . LIr. Zox,, the ubiquitousi may occasionally be seen at the portals of the Athenmoum Club, but' the block" is nowy deserted '<by the people's representa-. tives,.and ,deputations fiid as much diflieulty ii-seeotrinig an ofilecialintrodue tion as they Iwould in, finding a :.foun leaved shamrock. The Premier and t?le Chief Secretay,. and on occasiona sonime otlire'f the members of thd Governiment team attend occasionally at their 'ofices, but Mr.:. Service andi Mr. 3Berry pass the greater part of -their time at Sorrento, that Capri.of Ministerial Tibercuses, where they can argue out at leisure the vexed question as to.which of' the.two is the Liberaland which the Conservative, and 1a3'their heads together to-find out some safe plan of dealing with the recommen ntations 'ot, rue :-irars uomisiessuu. auu preservation is evidently with Govern ments, as with individuals, the first law of' nature. . . .. . Perhaps, to, the Premier will at: his marine residence reflect on the wickedness of his friends in Scotland, who sent him for distribution by his firm, to the colonists over whose political destinies he presides, a shipment of whisky, so bad that even the Custom House officers, who mpstly hail. from the land of magnorium potatorcs, were fain to reject as unfit for consumption, and refuse to allow to'poison her Majesty's liege subjects in Victoria. This episode in our' history will doubtless give an impetus t, the Blue Ribbon movement, and be of.groat use to Messrs. Booth and Glover in their campaign against what the latter gentle man terms "the devil in solution." For they will naturally ask .if such vile com pounds in the shape of spirits are sent out to the firm of James Service and Co., what the quality of liquor can be that is con signed to firms that do not rank so high in the mercantile world ? Lord Normanby improved the oppor i tunity afforded him when inaugurating the intercolonial wine, grain, and fruit exhibition on 'Monday, to deliver hisi valedictory address to. the people of thi colony. His Excellency devoted thi greater part of his -speech to bringing under notice the great benefits accruing to mankind: from :labour-saving machinery. HissT ordslii did not allude to the advarn tage ofr olficial salary-saving expec;ence, blut as he takes his departure in April, le :.is doubtless fully alive to their ;value;' The cost of the Queen's Birthday ballfor instance, will fall on his successor, if .indeed, what is highly improbable, the acting Governor, Sir William Stawell- who iis to. fill the vice-regal chair during the interregnun--belies his reputation for .frugal mindedness,' and gives the loyal people of Melbourne the annual treat,'of which the many relations of the noble Marquis haveinvariably deprived them by persisting in shuffling off this mortal coil at most inopportune seasons. By the way, it is fortunate there are no " burning" ques tions now before the country, for assuredly, under the rule of the Chief Justice, they would; burst into flame. Many of our political troubles date. from the time' Sir William last occupied the gubernatorial office. . . . -. Is there such'a thing as gratitude in the world ? : One is tempted to ask the question by the rumour that there is a rupture in the intents cordiale that has hitherto existed between Messrs. Bent and-Woods. But for the acquiescence of the former gentleman in the.proposition to give the Wood's brake Company the four thousand pounds Mr. Service placed onthe estimates, the imember for Stawell might still, through his friends, be fruitlessly knocking at the doors of the Treasury. What the casus belli actually is is only as yet a matter of surmise. There are some inauvaises langues who aver that the little difficulty originated in India during a "nautch." Most probably, how ever, if the truth were known, it would be found that the party chargeable with the fracas is Cupid il the guise of anor mnimtsi. I .How it is possible to " smile and smile and'bo" insolvent has been shown by Miss Emelie Melvillo,who,wlhen last she warbled to the Melbourne public, did so at a cost to herself of something like .50 per night. The little lady's'schedulo shows debts, £3000; assets,' 6100. "As these latter consist mainly of, wearing apparel, the creditors are not likely to obtain a very large divi dend, and surely no one would be hard hearted enough even to obtain the nine pence in the pound which the sale of her costumes would realise, if taken at Miss Melville'svaluatin, to submit Fatinitza's "inexpressibles," or the gauzy draperies of La Belle Heleno to the desecration of the auctioneer's hammer. To sing night after night, with a knowledge that each note entails the loss of a shilling, is a feat that rivals that of the often-quoted Spartan youth, who hid a fox in the folds of his underclothing, and like Mark Tapley, was jolly under the circumstances. - A worthy land-owner in the western distiict, well known for his love of litiga tion, finds himself at the present moment, if rUmour is to be credited, in a somewhat awkward predicament. Two or three years ago, when lying on what he supposed to be his death-bed, he convoyed by deed of gift to Iis wife property worth some hundred thousand pounds, in order to evade pay ment of the succession duty. He re covered, however,, but before lhe could again resume, possession of the estate he had given.away, his wife died intestatei Her relatives now claim two-thirds of her property, valued at upwards of GG6,000. 1in tlls case tHU 7 e AWR 1u u 2 uB uuu saved much. Another case of " the biter bit" occurred the other day at Brighton. Two informers anxious no doubt to pocket half the fine inflicted on publicans who neglect to keep holy the Sabbath day, knocked at the door of a well-known hostelry on the beach, and representing themselves as travellers, induced the proprietor to serve them with liquor. Next day they served boniface with a summons for breaking the law. The publican returned the compliment by a cross-summons, charging the informers, with falsely, representing themselves as travellers, and thus obtaining drink. When the cases were heard, that against the hotel-keeper was dismissed, while the clever--too clever-informers were each fined l5, and costs, for infringing the 69th clause of the Publicans' Act. The claim set up by a section of the faii. sex for " equal rights," ib evidently bearing bitter fruit. It has seriously been pro posed to allow the corporal punishment of girls attending our State schools. Evi-! dentlysthe uhgallant gentlemen who make the recommendation don't see why women should have all the! honey of life, and men all the whacks. ,, . . Mr. Ernest Morrison, the young gentle man whose lonely walk from Port Darwin to Melbourne caused his selectionby thepro-' .prietors'of thd Ageas the leader of their New Guineaexplorationparrty, sailsbyth?o R.. S. Mirzapore, to finish the medical studies he commenced: atthe: Melbourne Univ6isity. He is furnished with a number of letters of introduction and testimonials, among others there being one from Mr. Service, which will ensure him at least a respectful hearing from the home authorities on the.:question of the Queensland labour trafil, the exwoss in regard to which ,'an e by Mr. l .orison rlho proceued 'incoenittoon a-cruise in- a labour vessel in 6ider to ascortain the truth from personal observatidnoL Since his etoturn to Victoria Mfr. aborrison has been tlhe ' ecipint of a numier of anonynious communications, in which his veracity is not only impugned in the coarsest ihnanner, but charges of a most vile ?turiu' are made against him. '.His narrative df the way in.which the Kanakas are "recruited" is evidently most?.'dis tasteful to: a number of the Quidensland sugarplanters,w lwho are acnting ovideistly on the old-minxim '"no case--abuso plaiiftiff's attorney." Aproeos of Quoeensland, atfriend who has just returned from thet iolony tells a story which proves:t +hat thd people' of that portion of her Mlajesty's ddininions are firm believers in thIe' adang that "exchange is no robbery."' On one of the diggingsatwnships, after service a collection was announced in aid 'of thle building fund of the chapel. The ollcia ting clergyman, in order to set the coi gregation a good example, placed a shilling on the plato before it. was sent rouind. When it was returned after its journey it contained a threepenny bit I ' ' T..fC .4 51.,, n...,,t.,,.in'+h,,s~rfrlie e plethora of "good things" in the shape of amusement? in Melbourne. Chiarini's circus nightly attracts it·thousands, wlhile St. Leon's is doing a fair business in tile suburbs. At·the Princess Miss Genievrieve Ward, in " Forget- me-not," lhas atchievod a great succss. At the Royal, "The Wages of Sin," after a successful run, hras given place to the '<Comedy of Err6rs," in which MrI. WV. J; Holloway, the iVeteran Mr. Hoskins, and others are to "star." Mliss:Emilie Melville, despite her reverses, has taken the Bijou, where opera is to be produced for the first time at t popular prices;" and at the Opera Houise Miss Jennie Lee re-appears in "Jo I" - ' 