The Parable of the Four Sons. [Special item for Figaro.] And it came to pass that a certain Ancient Buffer called together his four sons and said, " My sons ; it j is my intention to leave my whole fortune to him who shall show the cutest method of money-making during the next ten yearss. Get you gone each of you into the world, each taking with him 100 shekels of silver, and return here before me at the end of ten years. Till then, let me me not see your faces, neither let me hear of your doings." Then did the four sons' receive their father's blessing each of them, and unfco each was given 100 shekels of silver, and they girded up their loins each of them and gat them out. of their father's house, and out of their father's city, and even out of their father's country. And the four sons travelled in different ways—one did travel North, another did travel South, a third did travel West, and the last son did travel even unto the East. And lo! when the ten years and a day had expired, the four sons did stand before the Ancient Buffer, even as he had commanded them. And the Ancient Buffer was well pleased to see them. " Well, my son," said he t) the eldest, " and how has it fared with thee ? " " Father/' said he, " I set out with thy hundred shekels and I bribed the powers that be of a strange land far away in the North to make me a minister of religion. Verily, it is a fat living. I humped around a daily plate for the collections of the charitable and good-hearted; I received seventeen testimonials when entering upon my duties, and twenty-pine upon my departure, besides various throws-in at promiscuous periods. There were purses of gold and jewels of great price given along with the testimonials, and they made me of exceeding great wealth. I have gained even a thousand shekels of gold; I am fat and respectable, and mine hands have not endured any undignified labor." " Very good, toy son," replied the Ancient Buffer, u thine eye to business is keen. But what saith my second son ? " " Father," exclaimed the second son, " I travelled South to the land of the Austral regions. I was a Minister of Religion for a time, but I changed my | condition and, while receiving yet my salary as a ! clergyman for work which I had not to do, I ran a J newspaper in the interests of a Government known as the Stagnant Ministry." A frown deepened upon the Ancient Buffer's brow and he exclaimed angrily," Dolt!—fool I—Verily I say unto you,—there is no greater sink in which to waste and lose the lucre of this world than a newspaper; and of a Stagnant newspaper this is a ten-times greater verity." "Hear thy servant out, I pray you," cried the second son; " and, peradventure, your wrath will be changed to approval. It is true that the newspaper line is one of shipwreck to many, but, lo! I have found it a mine of wealths The Stagnant Party had just mounted to power and had a full Treasury. Peradventure, if I return to my newspaper, the Anti Stags. may hold the high places; in which case I will grovel to them in their turn for the loaves and the fishes. It is easy work and only requires a man to be an accomplished liar. I have gathered spoils, father, to the tune of two thousands shekels of gold." " Verily, that is not so dustyrejoined the Ancient Buffer, musingly; " but what saith my third son P" " Father," cried the third son; " I joined not the holy band of Evangelists, neither did I become a, pious editor. I got me into a far country into the Went, and I grabbed the lands. By my skilful perjuries and audacious dummyism I became the holder of much country and I have accumulated the Mammon of Unrighteousness even to the amount of three thousand shekels of gold." " Better still," cried the delighted Old Buffer; "and you ?"—turning to the fourth son. " I hied me to the East, father," said the fourth son, slowly. " I hied me to a country where they had Responsible Government, manhood suffrage, and the ballot-box; I got myself convicted of crime in order to give me a standing in the community; after my release from prison I was made a J. P.; and then I became a— " What ? " cried the rest, excitedly. " A professional politician! " " My dear son, thou pride of my heart, thou joy of my soul," cried the enraptured Old Buffer, falling on the fourth Bon's neck, while happy tears coursed down his aged cheeks. " Thou needest say no more. My estate is thine. Thy colossal cheek, wedded to the sagacity that led thee to choose politics as thy trade, proves that thou art the fittest of my sons to adminis ter my estate and swindle my creditors." Then the Ancient Buffer filled in the blank spaces of his will, turned his face unto the wall and gave up the ghost. So the Old Jun slept with his fathers. 