LA TING THE MEMORIAL-STOKE OF ST. JOHN'S GIIOBCH, SOLDIERS' HILh. Tho congregation •of Bt. John's Church and the applications for acco&vmodation; in the church having outgrown all the space in tbe building available, tfce committee received to make a substantial sedition to it. Tenders were called for an addition, to form a side aisle rad organ chamber, covering an area oi 30 feet by 20 feet. The south wall for tbe length of the aisle is fcs be taken out—the roof being Bupported on iren pillars—and tbe handsome <3othic windows now in it will be placed in corresponding positions in tbe south wall of the new aisle. The east end of the addition is to be appropriated for the otgau a^d choir*. ftHt the gaole end of the eastern wall will contain a traced window formed, like those already in the building, of Barrabool Hills stone. The additional aisle will, it is estimated, bold sittings for at least 200ipersons. It was suggested that the aible ehould be carried out the full length of the building, but tbe committee resolved to Keep within tbe means at its disposal, and to make this much increase in tbe accommodation before guing any further. The work, which -is being aono under the superinteudance of Mr Sr.epherd, was entrusted to Messrs Taylor and Ellis (Mr H. Hunt is sub-contractor for tbe Btone and brick work), and the foundations having been tpeedily put in, tbe ceremony of laying the memorial stone was performed yesterday afternoon by the Bishop of Baltar&t.; About 160 ladies and gentlemen assembled at tbe churcb, and at the aopointed hour the bishop and the Hevs. B. 3. Mercer (incumbent of the parish), H E. Cooper, Kendall, C. Campbell, H. Finter, Glover, B. T. Cummias, Allanby, RadclifT, Adeuey, and Walker (Learmonth), marched in procession from the vicarage to where the stone was. The bishop opened the proceedings by remarking that it was a custom in the erection of church buildings to lay with solemnity some particular stone, principally the foundation or corner stone, and it was in accordance witb tbat custom tbat tbey were assembled tbat afternoon. Tbe bi-bop then offered up a prayer, and tbe Incumbent called upon Mr Turton, in tbe unavoidable absence ol tbe secretary to tbe churcb (Mr W. H. Booth) to read a copy of the scroll to be placed nnder the stone. Mr Turton read as follows:— "Colony ol Victoria, 1SS4. This, the memorialstone of additions of side at≤ and or^an chamber to the Church of St. John the Evangelist, Ballarat, was laid by the Right- Reverend the Lord Bishop of Ballarat, on the sixteenth day of May, one thousand eight hnndiod and eiabty-four, in the furtyetghth year of the reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria—Sir V. F. Stan-ell, Knight, being Acting Governor of the colony; the Bitbt Heverend Samutl Thornton, D.D., bishr.p of the diocese; the Rev. B. Johnson Mercer, >icar of the parish. Members of committee—Messrs Wm. H. Booth. Joseph Davies. William Eyres, W. T. C. Kelly, John T Marsh, J. C Mollov, W. F. Oabource, W. Q 1'innell, and William Turton Hon. secretary, tar V. H Booth. Hon. tioasurer, Mr Wm Eyres. Contractors for the additions, Messrs Taylor and Ellis; amount of contract £700. Architects, Messrs TerryandOatden." Mv Eyres then handed the bishop the bottle con. t&iaing; the tcroll, and likewise the one containing the documents placed nnder the foundation-stone of the crigirsal building, which it was explained was taken out when the f ounda'i"B-stone, in mating tbe new addition, had to be removed. Tbe jars containing the scrolls having been placed in the cavity beneath the memorial-stone, the RiV. R. J. Merc-r prs*en;ed a very handsome ivory-bandled trowel to the bishop, paving, in doing so, that he presented it on behalf ol the members of the congregation, who dtsired tbat Dr Thornton should possess a lasting memento of the occasion. The bisbt-p accepting it, said it was wiih very great pleasure be received from the hands of Mr Mercer the fiouvnrir of bis laying tbe memorial-stone of the churcb of St. John the Evangelist. The stone having been thereupon lowered into its place, the bishop tested it with the level and plumb-rule, which were handed him by Messrs Marsh and Kelly respectively, and Mr FeDnings then gave him the maul. The bishop sounded upon tbe stone with the maul, and said—"In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of tbe Holy Ghost, I declare this stone well and truly laid." A hymn was then sung, and prayer having again been said by the bishop, those present were invited to lay their offerings upon the stone. The offertory being ended, Dr Thornton addressed tbe assemblage, saying that tbe business he had just been engaged in was one which would not only interest those who lived in the parish of St. John's, Soldiers' Hill, but Christian wotkers over a very much wider circle than tbat. Personally he was of no consequence whatever; but, by virtue of the office he beld, he represented the strength and sympathy of the church at large—its readiness, provided it was required; to render any help to the great enterprise of their parkh. Tbe bisbop went on to say that bo saw, in the wort they were engaged in, another indication of the progress of the Church of England in the diocese. On Tuesday, in last week, he had been called npon to lay the memorial-Btone of a church at l&glewood.; On the succeeding Thursday he had opened a very beautiful church at Yendon. On Wednesday next he WAS to consecrate the churcb of St. Paul's, Ballarat Bast, which now for some time had been entirely clear of debt, and therefore fit for consecration, and at present he was in receipt of letters asking him to open a veryheantifnl churcb at Bridgewater, in the south-western portion of Victoria. Beside these matters, lie might mention the enlargement of tbe pro-Cathedral vicarage; and not only were improvements made in church buildings, but the Sunday schools In many places bad been enlarged and improved. Such facts as these, evidencing advancement in church work, were gratl. tying not only to the Church of England, but to all wottby Christians to whatever body they might belong. Speaking then of tbe history of St. John's Church, he said it was a history cf progress ever since when, about twenty years ago, tbe foundationstone was laid. Ihe application made of late for more (he did not like the teim "sittings," so he called ihem "kneellcgs") for more kneelingB were eo numerous tbat tbey could not be met, and under those circumstances, steps had been taken to raise tbe necessary funds for extension works, and he was deeply gratified to say that it was gone into in such a hearty manner by the church people and others in the neighborhood that a larger snm waB forthcoming than was required for the contract, and the Sunday school had nobly assisted in taking part in the work. He congratulated the people of St. John's upon tbe important enterprise they badno« in hand, and he prayed tbat tbe new "kneelings" in the new aisle might be filled regularly by devout worshippers, and that the chamber in the eastern end might ring with the sonorous invocations of the organ and of crowds of earneBt worshippers joining in praise ol their God. The bisbop went on to express the hope that the parish and church would prosper, so tbat another wing would soon be required, and that the committee would build a spire to their church, for he must confess to a weakness for spires. He was quite sate that, with their noble vicar at theli bead, tbe members of St John's would be able to accomplish that, and more too. The Rev. R. T. Cummins, as the senior clergyman ot Ballarat, was then called npon to deliver an address, and he, briefly congratulating the members of St. John's Church npon tbe ceremcny just performed, exhorted all not to overlook the necessity for spiritual progress while rejoicing over material welfare. The Rev. H. E. Cooper was next desired to speak, and be, remarking that St. John's was tbe first church in Ballarat he had ever preached in, also congratulated the incumbent and the parishioners on the auspicious celebration. In an interesting address, tbe rev. gentleman spoke very highly ot the -Sunday school work of tbe parish, and Mid tbat, within a few, it bad the largest number of scholars on its roll in tbe diocese, while it bad tbe highest average attendance. He held that that showed that the Sunday tchool organisation of the parish was unusually good. Another hymn having been sung, tbe proceedings closed witb the benediction pronounced by the bisbop. It is calculated that the new aisle will be completed in abont four months. 