Deaths from Fright. A. WRITER in the London Globe says : "The distinction 1 between fright and fear ought always to be borne in mind. Fear can be mastered by an effort ; fright has come and gone before the brain has had time to come to the conclusion that an effort is possible. There is no fear in human beings so strong as the fear of death, and yet 1 there is no passion in the mind of man,' says Bacon, truly enough, ' so weak that it mates J and masters the fear of death. Revenge triumphs over 1 death ; love slights it ; honour aspireth to it ; grief flieth to it ; fear occupieth it. ' Pity, which is the 1 ' tenderest of passions,' led many to kill themselves i from compassion for Otho's suicide. Even tcedium vitce, mere utter weariness of doing the same thing over and over again, will lead a man to defy his inborn fear of death. But what passion can guard against fright ? ¡ "A Jew, according to Lodovicus Vives, once crossed a narrow plank over a torrent in the dark, and, visiting the place the next day, saw the extremity of his last night's risk, and died of-what 1 Not of fear, obvi- ously, because there was nothing to be afraid of, but possibly of fright. So, again, persons have been known who always fainted at the scent of certain flowersj notably that of the May blossom ; but it would be ridi- culous to accuse them of being afraid of hawthorn. " Surgeon-General Francis, of the Indian Medical Service, tells of a drummer who was suddenly aroused from his sleep by something crawling over his naked legs. He imagined that it was a cobra, and his friends, collected by the outcry, thought so too, and he was treated accordingly. Incantations, such as are cus- tomary with the natives on these occasions, were re- sorted to, and the poor fellow was flagellated with twisted cloths on the arms and legs in view partly to arouse him, but principally to drive out the evil in- fluence (spirit) that for the time-being had taken pos- session of him. With the first dawn of light the cause of the fright was discovered in the shape of a harmless lizard, which was lying crushed and half killed by the side of the poor drummer ; but it was too late. From the moment that he believeol that a poison- ous snake had bitten him he passed into an increasing i collapse until he died. The drummer Was not a strong ' lad, and the shock was too much for him. ! " The most remarkable death from the accident of fright was that of the Dutch painter, Pentman, in the seventeenth century. He was at work on a picture, in which were represented several death heads, grinning skeletons, and other objects calculated to inspire the beholder with a contempt for the vanities and follies of the day. In order to do his work better he went to an anatomical room and used it for a studio. One sultry day, as he was drawing these melancholy relics of mortality by which he was surrounded, he fell off into a quiet sleep, from which he was suddenly aroused. Imagine his horror at beholding the skulls and bones dancing around him like mad, and the skeletons which hung from the ceiling dashing themselves together. Panic-stricken, he rushed from the room and threw himself headlong from the window on to the pavement below. He sufficiently recoverèd to learn that the cause of his fear was a slight earthquake, but his nervous system had received so severe a shock that he died in a few days. " Frederick I. of Prussia was killed by an accident of fear. He was one day sleeping in an arm-chair, when his wife, Louisa of Mecklenburg, who had for some time been hopelessly insane, escaped from her keepers and made her way to the king's private apartments. Breaking through a glass door she dabbled herself in blood, and, in a raging fit of delirium, cast herself upon the King. The latter, who was not aware of the hope- lessness of her insanity, was so horrified at the appear- ance of a woman clad only in linen and covered with blood that he imagined, with a superstition charac- teristic of the age, that it was the White Lady, whose ghost, according to a time-honoured tradition, invari- ably appeared when death was around the house of Brandenburg. He was seized with a fever and died in six weeks. ' ' More ridiculous was the death of the French mar- shal De Montrevo, ' whose whole soul,' says St. Simon, ' was but ambition and lucre, without ever having been able to distinguish his right hand from his left, but con- cealing his universal ignorance with an audacity which favour, fashion and birth protected.' He was a very superstitious man, and one day a saltcellar was upset at a public dinner, in his lap, and so frightened was he that he arose and announced that he was a dead man. He reached home and died in a few days, in 1716, literally scared to death by the absurd casualty of a saltcellar turning over. " "I don't understand why women dress that way," said a man pointing to a lady who passed along the street. . " I don't either," replied a bystander. " That woman," continued the first speaker, " is dressed ridiculously. Her husband must be a fool." " I know he is," said the bystander. " Do you know him ?" " Oh, yes. I'm the blamed fool myself." 