THE GHOST OF «OUBs.' It was with unqualified satisfaction that we of the Royal Manx received the news of the return of our second batta lion from India. It involved, as might happen in those days, our breaking up the depot at Ballynoggin, Ireland, and joining them at r arnborough : not a popular garrison town in the eyes of any butof those who; like ourselves, had eaten the bread of exile for two long years in the most disthreBsfol counthry that ever yet was seen.' We entertained the one landed pro prietor of the district at mess for the last rime, and bade adieu, more or 1»<m ten derly, to the two pretty metera, the beauties of Ballynoggin, who had flirted so gaily and impartially through the whole set of us that even our false Saxon hearts felt that an offer was due to one of them, at least, from somebody, as a bare return for all the entertainment they hsd afforded. And a burden of obligation was removed when we heard that after ail the youngest and prettiest of the family was to accompany us as the bride of our senior captain. Finally, one bright December morning we inarched away with much pomp through the stagnant pnddlee of the main street of Ballynoggin, escorted by an enthusiastic crowd of five, with one pair of brogues amongst them. We arrived at Tarnborough a few days before the regiment, took over the barracks and gave ourselves up to the work of settling down. We achelved the feat in due rime. Everyone but the Smylies (the captain and his bride be fore mentioned) : but as, to the best of mv belief, thev Are tint oaMJpiI down vol that exception need not be dwelt on. They were the oddest couple. He was a Bolemc, slow, soft-spoken, elderly officer ; a disappointed man ; victim of the neglect of those in high quarters, and general ill-luck as regards promorioa How be came to propose to Mim Lavlnia McCran, a long-legged school- girl, still in pinafores, and generally known in the family as ' Peter,' no one could ever guess. He did bo, the young lady affirmed (to the no slight disgust of her two elder sisters), while seeing her home from church one wet Snnday, under his umbrella, and he hadn't nerve enough to contradict her even if ithad not been the case. I never knew whether he was the hap piest or most wretched of men ever after. He adored hie Laily,' and waited on her hand and foot, but her sayings and doings cansed him anguish acute enongh to have shortened the life of another man. ' Mrs. Smylie's last' gave flavour to many a conversation, and the Smylie mfiuage was the wonder and admiration of the regiment. There yet lives in my mind the inauguration of the Smylies' quarters, when in the delight of her heart at getting the rooms she had set her fancy on, Mrs Smylie asked me and half-a-dozen others to come and have tea with her. I obeyed, finding a carpetless room with a roaring fire, at which two young fellows were toasting crumpets on their sword- points. Tea was set out on Smylie's tub, in pretty Mrs. Smylie, in a once-brilliant cambric, crushed and collarlese, with her golden hair In atowzled tail, langhed and joked and battered crumpets in total un consciousness of anything singular in the arrangements. To ub entered Smylie, polite and dis concerted. ' There's your tea, Smylie, dear,' said his wife, ' but no crumpets I For you life!' 'Thanks,' said Smylie, carrying off his cup to the only perch left him : the end of the big iron fonder, in dangerous proximity to the steaming spout of the mighty black kettle; garnished with a twist of newspaper round the handle by way of holder. There he sat, solemnly imbibing, only murmuring gently, 'Lally, my dearest,' in a tone of .meek expostula tion when the fun grew very fast and furious. Mrs. Smylie the while rattled on, keeping ns in roars of laughter, tQl in the middle of one anecdote she stopped short. ' Will yon look at him ! Smylie 1 Is it mad you are F ' My dear S I'm all right, I assure you,' faltered he in bewilderment; ' Ateing crumpets 1 and after what Dr. O'Shane has told you ! - Weil, there; I've done ! Ate and be sick I' But to my ghost About a week or ten days after my arrival I was dining at mess and fonnd myself between Smylie and one of the new-comers. I had a youngster's natural curiosity on the subject of my brother officers, who where as yet merely names to ma This my neighbour was a smart little man, a mighty talker ; the conver sation running chiefly on the changes time had made in the regiment since he and Smylie parted in some five years ago. 'What became of Vandeleur J1 aakod Captain Loxdaie. He came home when yon did.' ' I don't know, and never cued to en quire,' replied Smylie shortly ; ' dead, I believe.' ' He was never the same after — yon remember Ormsby's affair I Ah ! well I could tell you some queer stories of what happened out in India. He was never the seme man after. We. heard he had joined a Trappist Brotherhord, or some- imng of the Bort.' 'Ah — jostso. Do yon like the new ante-room carpet I Too mnch rod in It, isn't there F was Smylie's somewhat in consequent response, "but Loxdaie per severed. - ' I don't believe we've heard the lSat of that story yet, Smylie. 'Doesn't it strike yon as odd that we should be sent home here — to Yarnborongh — to the very place where it all happened — at exactly the same time of the . year, too F ' £8, yes,' broke in Smylie; > hurriedly. Manners has left since then ; Graves and. O'Connor gone; too ; ail the old set; in foot, except ourselves and the Colonel. Pity to rake up the story.' Smylie lookedsounhappythatlwon- dered at Loxdaleie enmity or obtnsepees in punning the sulgect,; .but he . did so, to my eecret joy. . ' Poor oMDrnMby j -Hti iwjtf I've eeenafew young fellows going; the same road since, but none that weigh on.my mfod ashetiid.1 ifftetr yronder Smylie, If we couldhsve Iritecfered to aoy< purpose. His face haunts me.' Pl Smylie was silent. By Jove P broke ont Loxdaie, energetically, after a moment's pause. 'It was to-night. 1, This night ten years, I mean. We were sitting as we are now —you andl, and Yandeleur between us —when I saw Ormsby's face through that window. Hollo I what's that F Loxdaie sprang from his seat, eo did Smylie, who stood for a moment leaning against my chair, which I felt shake with hie nervous trembling. Everyone looked at Ixixdale, who resumed his seat quietly, merely observing, « Very absurd ! a man passed and looked in, so like a fellow I knew — really startled me for the mo ment.' There was each a dead silence after this apparently-innocent remark, that I could not help noticing it ; also that the colonel had turned in his chair and was glaring ferociously across the table at us. « Oh, I dare as y,' broke in s youthful voice belonging to a funny subaltern, whose presence had added another exasperation to fche woes of our exile. 'As if we didn't know what to expect when you came home 1 Goes with the regimental plate doesn't he t Accounts for the smell ofeulphurand grave-clothes about, doesn't it 1 Will anyone pass the Holy Water f I fad faint 1' Then followed a chorus of jesting voices, all in reference evidently to some standard joke of which I waa ignorant Loxdaie took it all very calmly. I suppose it is all very funny,' he said, ' but I wish someone would explain the joke, I only saw a man pass the window.' ' So did I, I put In, a young fellow in mufti.' ' I bsw ho one.' add Loxdale's other neighbour. The Colonel sat stolidly scowling through all this. Smylie maintained a dead silence. A few more email jests flashed up here and there, bnt the fever soon flickered ont; qnenched by Loxdale'e polite imperturbability. When we rose to leave, Loxdaie said, JuBt come out here, Smylie; for a few minutes. I want to see if I can find the man who passed just now.' I followed uninvited. The barrack square lay white andempty in the cold moonlight The Bpace in front of the mess-room win dows was baroaadshadowlesa, anda blaze of gas came through the open door of the orderly-room opposite, through which we could see the orderly-room clerk button ing himself into Ms greatcoat before leaving. He turned out Me gas and came away as we approached. He had seen nobody. If anybody had been lark ing about he must have heard their eteps on the gravel No, he was certain no one bad been there. ' He'e sharp enough, is Sergeant Druitt, too !' said Loxdaie, as we turned away to question the sentry. No results. No one had passed. We looked at one another in bewilderment. ' I saw it most distinctly,' I declared. 'A young face — light hair, felling in a heavy curl on the forehead — curiously light, luminous eyes— that was ail I could make out, except that he wasn't in uni form.' Smylie stopped ehort after a sort of groan. ' What does it mean F said Loxdaie, impatiently. Laugh if you like, Rivers, but if ever troubled spirit walked this earth it is Harry Ormsby's fees that you have seen to-night' 'I can't stand it!' Smylie broke in suddenly, in a high-pitched voice, quiver ing with nervous exasperation. 'I'd leave the regiment to-morrow if I were a richer man. I thought we had heard the end of that nonsense years ago 1 It's sickening. Making a laughing-stock of the regiment wherever it goes. They said Vandeienris brain was giving way, and I don't wonder. Mine is.' 'Whatt you have seen him too ?' asked Loxdaie, impressively, hie keen little eyes fixed on the other. ' Last night, on our staircase,' Smylie i began, in a shame-faced reluctant way. I could have sworn it was Ormsby. Bnt, for heaven's sake, not a word to my wife,' he implored, piteonsly. 'I should never hear the end of it.' ' None of ns ever will hear the end of it, it's my belief' said faoxdale, solemnly. 'Do you remember the poor boy's last words to me — that he could not rest quiet in Ma grave with a disgraced memory F ' Then why couldn't he stop out of it and clear hia memory for himself F said Smylie, querulously, with some confusion of ideas. ' If Lally were to hear of 'She never shall from me; only — I say, what mads you choose those rooms 1 Don't you nowthey were Vandeleur'swhen it all happened F \- Lally would have them,' groaned poof Smylie, who lud been mating his way back to his quarters all this time and then with a hasty adien he plunged np the dark staircase and disappeared. This was the story I heard from Lox daie that same night. Not an uncommon one, except in the BeqneL A young, thoughtless boy — watched, guarded, kept out of mischief all hie life, till he had no more sense of moral responsibility than a kitten, then turned loose in the Royal Manx with-an extravagant allowance and the worldly knowledge of » schoolboy of ten. ' Every regiment has its black sheep, I suppose,' said Loxdaie; 'and a very sooty one ours was. Desptrd Vandeleur by name ; sounds like the hero of a fashion able novel, doesn't it? He was big, showy, handsome in his way. with a sort of air about him that imposed on women— and men who didn't know Mm ; underneath his veneer an utter blackguard. Ormsby naturally took - to him, followed him about, quoted Mm and imitated Mm to the best of Ms ability, while Yandelenr alternately patronised and sneered at Mm. covertly. Well 1 it was no one's business, to interfere. He was old enough to look out for himself and if he liked Yande leur and the very shady society that he affected, so much the worse; Yet, ae I told Smylie tonight; the thoughts! what that poor boy might havedroen saved from, if any of us had madeithia business;, bothers me often enough no w.' - ' What didn't you save himfromf -'I asked, for Loxdaie had frdlen-anedita-' ting. . ' Goaf — utter ! The nsnal thing. A little high play,. ja little book-insking/a little seelngltfeimder YaudrieurVguld- ance/anda pot of money gone, and nothing to showfor it JIfoiold uncle — -did I tell yon he was dielrddtkdHg. pud Mb debts and set him straight with the world ones more, and then- ' ' The relapse, of course,' I suggested. \- 'Yandeleur took care of that,' sighed Loxdaie. ' Old Mr. Penderell came up to the barracks one morning, looting like a ghost A cheque, bearing Ma signature, but whichhad manifestly been tampered with, had been stopped at the London and Yarnborongh Bank; It was paid In by a Frenchman, a friend of Yandeleur's, who had received it the night before from Ormsby in payment of his losses at dcartd It waa the clumsiest of forgeries. No man in hia sober senses would have attempted it. .£200 had been altered to £2000, evidently, and the cheque pre sented at the very time Mr. Penderell, a director, was certain to be at the bank. I never liked the old man. He waa sour, Puritanical, unforgiving, and Ms wrath against Ormsby was something unholy. He came to me first — then sent for Yandelenr and Ormsby. 'The latter came in ae cooly as possible, nodded to de Barnac — the Frenchman who had come up with old Penderell — and took the affair very eaeily. It was a mistake from beginning to end. He had never played with de Barnac, never owed or paid him anything They had met in Yandeleur's rooms the night before, but that waa the beginning and end of the acquaintance. I conld see that no one but myself believed Mm for a mo ment ; X did, and do still. Then in came Yandeleur, looking bo honestly grieved and ashamed that he almost imposed on me for a moment. Old Penderell produced the cheque. Ormsby looked utterly bewildered and stupefied, but when de Barnac coolly repeated his KhAtamAnt. and VanAlanp /tonfivmnyl if letting old Penderell extract the facte as reluctantly as possible, then he sank down, crashed and hopeless. I dull never forget the look he fixed on Yan deleur In his despair. The affair had been made too public to hush up, aud the Colonel was at his wits' end what to do next, when the poor boy saved him all further trouble. That evening when we were at mess I saw Ormsby's face at the window. He looked in on us Ml with hie groat, wild, haggard eyes, and disappeared. It was his farewell. His servant had caught him fooling with hie pistols that after noon and struck to him like wax, but Ormsby was too qnick for Mm. He made off down the back lanes to the river. You know the Yarn flows pretty deep and strong just below the Market Street Bridge, where there are wharves belonging to some disused factory build ings not fer from here. Before the man could come up with Mm he saw Ormaby toss bis arms in the air, give a sort of a cry, and go in like a stone. There were no boats about or any meana of getting at him, and before the river police could be summoned, the body muet have been far out at sea. ' It was perhaps as well An inquest would have been a nuisance to the family ; but still — if he had been decently buried : the service read, you know, aud that sort of thing — perhaps we shouldn't have had ail these queer stories about now.' Loxdaie concluded with a bothered look. I pondered over the little history awhileu Thenrou think it was Yandelenr'a doing, or the Frenchman's, with hia con nivance F 'I do — moat certainly. He had his own reasons for wanting Ormsby out of tiie way. I don't think he quite ex pected such an end though.' ' Ah ! now I comprehend the case — who was She F I enquired, with youth ful cynicism. ' Miss Barbara Dacre, a distant consin, also brought up by old Pender ell Their marriage waa to reconcile conflicting claims to the property. A majestic young creature, with a creamy skin and fine auburn mane of her own, who carried her chin in the Mr and looked at as through her black eyelashes as if no man Mive was worth the trouble of lifting au eyelid. Harry always seemed devoted enough, bnt rather afraid of her and Yandeleur — well, as soon as I saw him look at her, I knew evil was brew ing. — He gained nothing after all by Ormsby's death, for ehe would never set eyes on ODe of us again ; shut heraelf np and nursed the old man over there at Penderell. I suppose he is dead and gone by tide time.' Loxdale's story lasted far into the night; and left a queer, eerie feeling on me that hung abont me for days. Of course I didn't believe it : bnt the face at the window? The eyes haunted me with their haggard, wistful gaze. I be came impatient of my own fancies and in search of distraction went to call on Mrs. Smylie. Lally wasat home, look ing prim and unhappy, Bitting bolt op- right beside her fire with a , lady visitor opposite. I knew her sentiments respect ing callers of her own aex (who, ehe declared to me, ' turned np their cold Eng lish noses at her'), and pitied her; Mso her guest, whom I made out by thedim half- light to be a gracious, stately lady with great sad eyes and a sweet mouth. Mia. Smylie welcomed my entrance with evident relief, and her company manners slipped from her as a garment. 'So youweren't "afraid! ;I- thought none of you'd be venturing up this way In the dark.' I professed polite incom prehension. ' 'As if I didn't know Ml about it 1 Not from Smylie; he's fit to be tied if you joke him about the ghost. Ohl-ife a bad way he'e in, the poor man !' Didn t the crumpets agree with him ? I- asked sympathetically. Her eyes danced for a moment ' If you'd heard -Mm 1. Tobbui' and groanin' and startin' and swearin' that night ! But it wasn't all crumpets.' She . closed her lipB and nodded mysteriously. ' He'd seen something,' she -whispered presently. .'And Mrs. Dobbins, my laundress, says there's not a mandate his seen on this staircase -after dark without ' good reason.' J The lady set silent daring this and the subsequent conversation, and atlastroee to fake leave I accompanied herdown the badiylghted staircase and was hazarding Some yery mild little joke npon Its evil reputation, when she suddenly stopped — mode a -catch at . the -banister, and bnt for mewonldhave fallen'forwBrd. 'Did yon slip ?' I asked arudonsly, bnt ehe gave no answer, nnly/grasping my arm : nervously/and Isaw that her ayes were find intensely on something at tbefoot of the stairs. WlMjwaatiurtfe asked Inafcoaree, Safeties vwnf-' , ' There ? No one that I can see,' I answered. 'There, standing in that corner. I saw him.' She suddenly raised herself and huiried down the steps. ' He . wae watching us from the shadow of the door.' ' Did he go out ?' No. Where can. he be.' I looked round. The door at the foot of the stairs was open to the barrack- yard. On either ride were other doors, closed, leading to officers' rooms. The gas was lighted, but burning badly, and the corner she pointed to was in gloom. ' That's Captain Bawlinson's room on that side. Was it anyone going in there ?' She looked doubtful, so I went to ex plore. Someone wae in the room, cer tainly, but it was only Captain Bawlin son's servant; depositing a load of boots and newly-brashed clothes. JBe had seen no one, bo he Baid. I mentally re ferred the panic to Lally's spirited account of 'our ghost,' and went back to reassure 44ia lajo fika ma mmbais aviji vuv amy. kjud suaiiaw uro tnvsij nuu seemed lost in meditation. When we arrived at her carriage, wMch was writing at the barrack gates, ehe suddenly stopped, and looking full at me with her beautiful grave eyes, said, I have been wondering whether I ehould aek you to do me a great ser vice. I know no one here who can help me, and I want very much to hear the whole story of your ghost from begin ning to end, for a speciM reason wMch I cannot explain.'. I'll tell yon all I know and find ont all I can for yon,' I replied with joyfol readiness, wondering at my own good luck; 'ButwhenF Will you come and see me some day ? I am Miss Dacre, of Penderell Court, mm jluhi/ viuwujr woe uijr uoucsb friend.' I devoted myself enthusiastically to the mission and watched her drive away feeling— well— that after all there wae something to be said for . Vandeleur. ' Think of a man making away with him self, while there was a creature like that to live for!' I remarked to nobody in particular, and to lose no moment in fulfilling her behest, returned at once to the Smylies. Hearing through the door, however, Smylie's voice thundering forth a sort of Commluatlon Service; including laundresses; ghosts and barrack gossip in its Manses, with piteous re- ponees from Lally at interyals, ' How would I know it was she ? Sura, Fll go ask her pardon to- morrow, poor creature," I thought it discreet to with draw. Had Loxdaie any more to tell, I wondered. I went to him and told him frankly of my meeting with and promise to Mies Dacre. He looked at me in blank amazement, Miss Dacre ! Calling on the Smy lies ! Wanting to rake up all the old scandal again ! I'll be shot if I can understand it.' However, he searched for and gave me a shabby little note. ' She may have that, if she likes. It was found on his table when Ms Bervant gave the alarm, addressed to me, and another to his uncle.' I glanced over it. It was a pitiful little appeM to Ms only friend left to try and clear hia memory when he was dead and gone. Life was too hard for him now. He was going to find a short way ont of all his troubles; but he did .not know how. he ehould rest iu his grave leaving a disgraced name behind Mm. ' Don't you think it was his use of that expression that set -the whole etoty afloat,' I asked ; '. and then some chance resemblance completed the mystification — someone in town getting a rise ont of you all F 'Not possible,' said Loxdaie, decidedly. -Ormsby - was a singular-looking boy, with wild, light eyes and,: hair that he would wear longer than he ehonld have done, and Vandeleur wae a man who never forgot a face. It was a strange gift he possessed. When he got his company he knew-the name and. number of every in an in it In three days, and once Bat at the barrack gate for a wager, and told the name and number of every man who went in and out in the coarse of an hour, and was only wrong once. No, he was safe to make no mistake; and he got into such a queer Btate that he dare not be Moue for a moment I felt utterly savage with myself the other night at mess, when I started up and Bang out; for, 'as I did so, I recollected Yen doing the very same thing the night before we left for India. He never would sit feeing those windows if he could help it Accidental likeness ! Why, he had detectives down from London scouring the pises to find anyone likely to indnlge in such a hoax— and they gave up the business In despair.' I still looked incredulous. Loxdaie went on more and more impressively. 'Believe me or not; as you like. It was killing Yandeleur. He looked another man when we got to India, and everybody foigot the stoiy. We were sent to Secunderabad in the course of a year or two, and one night he wae sitting with me on the steps of the "verandah of my bungalow — I . don't know what had brought Mm on that occasion, for we didn't care- to see modi of one another usually — but there he wae. It was mooMlght, clear enongh to show evety leaf on the rose frees in the compound, I and still enough, except for the hideous row of the jackals now and then, to hear a tread on the path had there been one. We were both smoking in silence when I heard Ormsby's voice, "Loxdaie, I aay, loxdaie 1" close behind me, and Yande leur jumped up and stood all white and shaking, ' There he is 1" he said, point- ing over my ehoMder, bnt not a creators could I see. Yandeleur couldn't stand it, and sold out soon after.' I thanked Loxdaie and departed, puzzled but unconvinced, in -search of other ghost seers. . As nsnal, I came across any number of men who knew the man who had Been it; and one ghost story is very like another when details are required. Ormsby's servant had met him at the door of hie room 'dead and dripping' the very night he was drowned, and had incontinently thrown down a can of hot water and fled. Two other men had seen him, always at night, and under circumstances unfavourable to recognition ; half-a-dozen others had ' heard tell of him.' Altogether I had bnta meagre report to take with me to 2Hse Dacre.. . . Benderell Court is a monldy, mdan- choly old place, smothered in ivy up to the chimhey-pote, and its mistress looked unspeakably forioru sitting at one end of ariark,pandled room, with a long, bare .table dinn tire.middle,iuid ro wBof chairs at each mde. She received me-veiy graciously and sweetly. Her companion, adeaf old lady, wae sitting knitting in a basket-chair by the window, and, after the first few words of introduction, made no attempt to join in the conversation. I told my . story. Miss Dacre listened Badly, great teatB gathering in her eyes when I produced her cousin's few last words. 'If he would but bare trusted me !' she sighed. Her attention grew keener and keener as I went on, a pretty pink flush rose to her cheeks aud her breath came fast The fellows say Loxdaie never used to believe a word of the story,' I con cluded, ' but just now he l gone in for spiritualism, and this seemed an illustra tion ready made to his hand, so he has token it np and makes the most -of it' She rose without replying and opened a door into another room, evidently her own special eitting-room, osly a shade less dreary than the one we had quitted. The whole house eeemed in some inex- pUMUW IliaUUW Ul &JD; U1 emesireniig- I have sometidng to show you,' she said, and I followed. Directly feeing me was a fall-length portrait of au officer in our uniform I stopped short involun tarily. ' You know him F Bhe said eagerly. ' That's the face that looked in through the meee-room window. I could swear to It!' He is alive 1 . 1 know it 1 I have felt It all these years.' And with a cry of thanksgiving, she sank down' sobbing hysterically. Here a peri ot the jangling door-bell went echoing through the house, and the old 8taghonnd that lay in the hall gave one big bark. Miss Dacre dried her eyes rapidly at the sound of voices - and e i ii.JU plUMiUUlg wuutujpB 1U1U HlUiCU JUUU1JT at me. . ' I am eure you trill not fail me,' Bhe began, but I interrupted her. ' Fll find him 1 Trust to me, Miss Dacre. If he's on earth, I'll run him down and bring him back to yon.' She gave me a sweet; thankful look and pressed my hand. 'Mrs. Smylie' was announced, and we returned to the other room to find Lally woebegone and penitent; I left her to make her peace with Miss Dacre and departed brimful of hope and invention. I soon found myself at the limits of both. For weeks after, I made a rigo rous search for Ml who had been iu the regiment in Ormsby's time, with small ceaolt. Most were dispense discharged or dead, or else new nothing about him.. Fer contra, my questions had starred up a hornet's nest amongst the officers. The story was revived, discussed, ampli fied, till I hated the name of OrmBby. We became haunted with a vengeance now. It grew to a gigantic nuisance at last. If the interest could have exhaled itself in ' chaff,' there would have been an end to it sooner or later, but the Colonel persisted in regarding it as a personal question, and was prepared to resent any remarks of a sportive or derisive nature; The very core and centre of the whole agitation was little Mrs. Smylie. She had conceived the wildest, most unreasoning attachment to Miss Dacre, and I suppose the attraction was mutual, for the car riage from the Court was henceforth con stantly to be seen at our gates, conveying Lally to or from theobiectof her devotion. What ehe did when ehe got to Penderell, I never could imagine, but she came home dvery time brimming over with sympathy- and admiration of her new Mend. 'It's ateing her heart out with sorrow, ehe is 1 How would he rest aisy in Ms grave, Yd like to know, and she breaking her heart with the shame of his death.' Her vivid Irish imagination wae cap tivated by the romance of the situation, and Smylie might scold, entreat, implore. Talk about the ghost, she would and did, till a greater and more- personal cause of excitement absorbed her. - We were all startled by three pieces of news in rapid succession. 1 Smylie was going. Had sent in his papers.' . _ ' Smylie's old aunt had died, and left him a lot of money.' Smylie's cousin, a noble lord, who had never taken the slightest notice of Mm before, was going out as governor of Sh Domingo, and taking Smylie as his private secretary.' It was all true, and before we had time to realise it, they were gone. But we had not heard the last of them or the ghost 1 for from it. About a week after they left I received a polite note from Colonel Tremlett, re questing my presence at Ms house that afternoon. I found myself in company with half- a-dozen officers, including Loxdaie, Ml as ignorant as myself of the motive of the summons. The colonel entered, looking solemn and puzzled, holding a mighty en velope, directed, I saw, in Smylie's writing, and, after briefly saying that he hoped for oar advice and assistance in a difficult and delicate business, read as follows : Dbau Coionkl Trkmlztt, — Before leaving England i wish injustice to the memory of a dead brother officer, to put you in possession of some focte respecting him, of which you may make any use that you think proper." < I muet first explain the .reasons which have Mtherto kept me silent on the sub- ject. ' I was a poor man, entirely dependent on some relations who view cud-playing and gambling as unpardonable breaches of morality, and to have confessed my intimacy with Captain Vandeleur would have been simply ruin. Also, it was not till after the death of Lieut. Ormsby that I heard that my testimony would have been of any service to him.' I condense the rest. Smylie admitted that he had been in Yandeleur's room with some others on the night in question. Fell fast asleep on a sofe, awoke to find Ormaby and Yandeleur talking about a cheque wMch the former had pMd. It's £200 — all I can give; you know,' he srid,- I daren't ask my uncle again to help me. Ton shall have the rest next month.' Smylie thought it odd as Ormsby hadn't been playing, but was too sleepy to say anything ; in fact fell asleep directly. He woke again and saw Yandelenr and de Bamac busy with writing matarlAla at a table, and he saw the Frenchman hold npacheque against the light fora moment. They were speaking French ; he didn't understand them, and got npandleft them. He waa too seedy next morning to remember much of what had passed. He supposed Ormsby never noticed his presence at Mi. All this wBS spun out by Smylie's expla nations and jhstifications to an inn.aiA.fai length bnt that was the porpartr I asked permission to copy it there and then, and did so, while the others debated what use should be made of it We separated atlaet, without quite seeing car way to do anytMng, except that Colonel Tremlett intended to ride over to Penderell to consult Miss Dacre. I made np my mind to be beforehand with him, and pocketing the precious document, started at once. I ehould be in reasonable time for a call if I made haste, Soto economise time I took what I fended would prove a short cut straight through the back slums of Yarnborongh, into a region of factories, warehouses and small waterside dwell ings ; finding myself at last, sure enough, in a direct line for Penderell, but a mile or so lower down the river than the last bridge. There was nothing for it but to make my way aloDg the riverdde to it, aud turning to do eo, I caught sight of a broad grey back in uniform great coat jusc neioreme. l recognised oergeans Druitt; and was just on the point of calling to Mm, when the sight of his com panion checked me. I followed them closely. They stopped and parted at the door of a small public house, and after one good look at the stranger's face, I started after Druitt at full speed, and caught him at the next turning. ' Who's that ?' I asked out of breath. Druitt looked surprised,' but answered, Innocently enough. ' Anoldfriendof mine, sir. Bird, of the Artillery — that is, he has just been discharged. He is going to America in a few days.' What's he doing here ?' ' He's down here saying goodbye to his relations, sir. His unde, I believe, a very oia man, lives cross oy, ana ne s staying at the Fisherman's Rest.' ' Where did you meet him F I asked with lees eagerness. Well, sir, we first became acquainted on board the troop ship, going out to India, when I went out with a draft to join the Royal Manx at Secunderabad.' < Secunderabad P I gasped, feeling aB if I had just ' cornered' my man in an ex citing game of blindman's buff; and tbe next thing was to hold him tight and indentify him, If he didn't slip through my fingers first ' What was he doing at the barracks the other night?' I asked, sharply. '/ saw him.' Sergeant Druitt looked awkward, then said, deprecatingly : He wasn't doing any harm, sir. He'd been in my office for eome time and juet stepped across to iook in at the mess-room window, and then he eaid Captain Lox daie had seen him and begged me to say nothing ; so Ijust turned the gas out and left Mm in my office, when you came np sir. You see,' Druitt continued con fidentially, < I somehow fended he'd been I a swell out of luck and might have known aome of you once.' Druitt had hardly finished speakinghe- foro I was on my way to the bar of the Fisherman's Rest. An elderly, decent land lady directed me to Mr. Bird's room over head; I found my way, knocked gently, and entered without ceremony, for I felt that all I had to domustbedone at white heat. If I stopped to cool all was lost The occupant of the room was sitting writing, with Ms back turned to me. He rose and looked aronnd, much amazed, as I entered, looking on closer inspection not nearly eo like the fees in my mind as I had fancied ; also, which disconcerted me greatly, he was much older than L I had not realised that ten years had elapsed since Harry Ormaby was a heedless youngster. However, I said, ' Mr. Bird, I believe,' and went on to Introduce myself ; and, the first plunge over, found myself lying with an ease and fluency that justified the popular comparison. I believe you are able to give me newa of a very old friend of mine, Mr. Ormsby, of my regiment, the RoyM Manx.' He gave me a stare of Incredulity, and then a rapid glance at the door. ' A Mend of yours — I — reMly don't know any such person.' He disappeared, ' I went on to say,: but one at least of his Mends has never given up the hope of Ms return, and it is on her behalf I am here to-day.' I am Bony I cannot assist yon,' Bird, briefly, ae he tamed to hie writing witha suggestive movement. 'Good- day, air.' I wasn't going, not a bit of it, if I eteyed'there arguing the point of his indentity all night. 'I have a letter here for Mm of the greatest importance; and give it to him I mast, somehow. A . confession and justification.' Bird was turning over his papers with his long, sensitive, lady's (fingers : I saw tbem twitch nervously. If he hsd mMn- tsined his indifierent demeanour I should have been puzzled what to say farther, but he turned n.littie and arid over his shoulder : 'I have given- you your answer, Mr. Rivers. I don't know why you persist in applying to me,' and then I saw his large hlhe.«yea wander round and fix'taBmsMvra kungrily on the big blue envelope. Imarohed. np to Mm : Bead that and eee for yourself,' and I opened it out and IMd'it on the table In front of Mm. He did read it, his feoe turned away from ma I let him get to the last page and then spoke. ' Bird of the Artillery, if yon are not Harry - Ormaby, or his ghost, what, in the nameof all that is iniquitous do you mean by conducting yourself as if you were one or the other ? Your conduct is equally indefensible, wMch- ever you are. If yon were only the ghost it would be bad enough to haunt your own regiment till you gave it a bad name : but if you are the real living- man, andean let the sweetest woman In England fret heraelf Into the grave for your shabby sake ' 'Stop there ! Yon know nothing about it !' said he, turning sharp npon me. What an impudent young beggar you ore 1' he WBnt on, half laughing -' I-give np. I must trust myself to you ; you are a gentleman, and will respect my secret.' 'No, I will not,' I said, sturdily. 'Fve promised Miss Dacre to find "you and bring you home, and Fd betray any. amount of -confidence sooner than dlsap- . point her.' 'To find me ? How did you know I was alive ? What business is it of yqnre F ; I gave Mm a rapid, sketch of her situation, during which, he paced. the' tiny room uneasily, ioaMng . miserably There's only one thing to be done now,' I concluded. ' To come away with me to Penderell at once. The longer you delay the worse it will look. Come;' T handed him Ms hat and he got him self into his coat in a mazy, somnambu listic feaMon, and led the way down stairs. 1 linked my arm in his directly we got outside, and looked about for a cab. None was to be Been, so I walked him briBkly along the water-ride path to the bridge; We had to cross a disused, shabby little wharf, green and rotting. I felt him wince. How were you saved ?' I asked, in a "mnai tone. We all know how you got in, but why didn't you drown.' I couldn't make up my mind to it,' he replied, frankly enough. I went in as resolutely as anybody ; bnt the water was cold and smelt of drainage. Staying in it was not to be thought of, eo I swam up to a barge, got put on shore and made my way to my old nurse's. She married a naiCUUIUHUlBUf MIU UICU UOCU UCiO. J. thought no one need ever know of my performance, and then suddenly recol lected tne letters I had left in my room, so I bolted np to the barracks forthwith. I found that my things had all been over- hauledand the letters taken. Then I came across my servant; who called npon all the saints ' to stand between ub," and ran ; so I thought as I was supposed to be dead, to let it rest eo, for a few days at- least. I did hang about and fry to catch Loxdaie. If I could have seen him, and talked it over, it would have been all right Then I found the police were after me. My poor old nurse got in on awfal panic, made me lie close and dis guise myself with cropped hair and blade eyebrows for days ; till the regiment left, In laaf a n/1 Vian fiema (tin nnashnn UVV y MIU . VWWl WWIUO HUB what to do nextF Wouldn't your unde have helped yonF I asked, more to keep tbe conversation alive than for information. We hadgot oat of the town now and were striding across the dewy pastures in a line for the spire of Penderell Church. My unde ! not he. He was only too glad of the excuse for turning me adrift I- mean the excuse for himself to hia own conscience. He wonld have done it be fore, but for her, she stood by me and pulled me anrongu tne nret meea l got into. I think I hear Mm now, " Fve Scriptural warrant for what I am doing" (that was signing a big cheque with the Bible opened at the Prodigal Son, ready for the evening's exposition, before him); " but remember, rir, even your prototype, with all hia assurance, didn't try it on twice." Ormsby stopped to laugh at the recol lection. He had a boyish laugh and a boyish fece under all his Indian sunburn. I wanted to hate and despise Mm, but couldn't Bomehow, especially when his face fell suddenly aud his voice quavered. < Think of her ever wishing to see me again, believing in me all throngh ! I tell yon, Rivers, it was just tbe thought of her that drove me away. I knew she'd stand by me and I couldn't drag her into the disgrace ; so when the regi ment left, Ijust borrowed a railway fere from old nurse, ran up to town end en listed in the Artillery. It seemed the ne thing left to me.' How have you got out again,' I asked naturally enongh, before your time was upF ' The poor old woman was so miserable at my being a common soldier that she lent me ail her savings to purchase my discharge, aud that is how I came to be here again, with tbe regiment. It seems like a fatality ! I never calculated on being sent out to India to the same station. As soon as I saw them at Se cunderabad all my old troubles seemed to etart up agaro. I could bave murdered Yandeleur if I had met Mm alone, and I felt mad to hear the voice of an old Mend again. That was how I came to be hang ing about Loxdale'e bungalow one night — but when I saw that other man there I made off, I don't know how ; I dared not trust myself within reach of him.' Ormsby strode along in savage silence for some moments. - The twilight foil, and Penderell Church was looming dark and near ; below it, in the valley, twinkled the lights of Penderell Court. TMnking over hia story as I glanced askance at him, I understood somehow, even in that short acquaintance; how he came to fell into trouble so easily and pass through it so lightly. 'Her strong nature trill supplement Mb; hia loveable, light-heartedness will put sunshine into her life. They will be happy at last,' I mused. I couldn't feel greatly elevated at my acMevement; I had done it all for her sake as I should have done any mortal thing ehe asked me, but It was at a cost to myself that I could not reckon un grudgingly. We passed through a little wicket gate in the park paling into the shadow of the pine-wood that surrounded the Court, in rilencc; out on to the dew- drenched moonlit lawn and across it to the deep Ivy-veiled porch. ' Stop !' said Ormaby, as I laid my hand on the hell. It will be too sudden for her. I had better wait — writ and write to her.' For all answer I gave an echoing peal. The door opened and we stood within the dim, cavernous hall Opposite to us -was the open door of the room where I had parted from her. The fire blazed high, and full in its light I saw her for the last time, her golden head bending over her book. I drew Ormsby gently forward, let him pass into the room, and closed the door on Mm and on Lie romance of my life. l4i a llian n amXwa aSa AaII . - _ . V auo uuw wmww muuwiog may ena my story. ' My dkajl Mb. Rivers, — You know that Penderell Court is Bold and oar name effaced from the list of country families, bnt you must not suppose that eo our frieudriiip ends. We leave Eng land next month for Canada,, where a new Penderell court is to arue, to which we hope to welcome you some day. I write to ask you for one more friendly service — to be the one guest at our quiet wedding in London next week — Mr. Ormaby-Dacre and I both feel that there are thanks doe to you that we must pay in person. I will leave him to add his entreaties to mine;' Dkab Oib Mah, — Isn't ehe an angel of wisdom and goodness 1 She knew I conld never hold np my, head with the rest of thoae stiffi prejudiced old county folks, who "would never understand the - rights of my story if we proclaimed it from the Market Cross ; so she gives up smything-to make a fresh start with me in a new oduntiy. With a new name n&w; friends; «- ne w wife, and on old love I don't make a new man of myself my name isn't ' Yours veiy faithfully, H. Obmsby-Dacbb.' 'My seab ATr_ RrvuBS, — Ton will have got my dear Smylie's letter by this time, and I'm just dying to hear what you ail think of it. 1 cried for joy when I heard it ! Didn't he tell it beautifully ? and wasn't it noble of him to -come for ward, after going through so much, keeping the eecret all these years? To finish the whole thing properly, "Mine Dacre ought to marry One of yon ; but, indeed, I don't know a man in the Royal w,nr good enough for her, except my own dear husband, and he'e ont of it. ' In haste, yours sincerely, Lavikia Smyleb. P.S. Let me know if any of you ever eee the ghost again. But we never did. 