#mtka ItaMtur* CURIOUS BIBLES. [By the Bev. W. Wright, D.D., in the Leisure Bowr.\ The Scriptures of the Old and New Testa ments, published in one volume, are called tbe Bible, to mark the smnemacy of that book over all other books. No book has been so often translated or so carefully translated as tbe Bible, and no book has been so often printed, or so carefully printed, as the Bible. With all the pains, however, taken by translators, revisers, and proof-readers to render the Word of God perfect in diction and free from printers' errors, some pecu liarities of expression and typographical blemishes have passed into certain versions and editions of the Scriptures, and these have stamped their names on the editions in which, they are found. I propose in this article to j draw attention to the moat remarkable of , these peculiarities. | The Breeches Bible. \ 'Then the eiesof them both were opened, land I they knew that they were naked, and they se-red flgge tree leanes together and made tbemselre* I Breeches.'- Gen. iii. 7, This verse is taken from the Geneva Bible, which was printed in 1560, and commonly called the Breeches Bible. The Geneva version was made by English exiles who took refuge at Geneva during the reign of Qaeen Mary. It was dedicated to Qaeen Eliza beth, and became the most popular Bible in England and Scotland, and though unau thorised, it became the Bible of the church and the home, and it is estimated that nearly two hundred editions were issued between 1560 and 1630, before the authorised Bible succeeded in taking its place. It is not generally known that a similar rendering of the passage In Genesis existed both in English and French long before the publication of the Geneva version. In 1843 William Caxton published the 'Golden Legend,' which consisted of a translation of the greater part of the Gospels and nearly the whole of the Pentateuch. This paraphrastic rendering of a large por tion of the Bible was frequently reprinted and largely read by the people, and was no doubt instrumental in producing a desire for tbe Word of God, and thus in a measure pro. pared the way for better translations and the Befonnation. In tbe 'Golden Legend' Gee iii. 7 is thus rendered : 'And thus they knesre then that they were naked. And they toke figge leuis and sewed them togyder for to covor tbejr membres in manner of brechis.' In 1530 Jacques le Fovre d'fgstaplea pub lished a complete version of the Bible, which has generally, though incorrectly, bees con sidered the first complete Biblo in the French language. His rendering of Gen. iii. 7 is, ' Ilz consirf nt erjBemble dea fueilles de fi^uer et firent pour tux dec braies.' Thus there were practically two distinctly Bnechet BiMs long before the Genera version was thought if. It cannot be doubted that lie Fcrre's splendid Bible was in the hands cf the English exiles at Geneva, and it is more than probable that the Golden Legend may have been iu the hinds of the French translator. The Bug Bible. ' So that tbou shalt Dot nede to be afraid for any Bnpges by nighte, nor for tbi a*row that flyeth by day.'— i-» xcL 6. This rendering has fastened the abare name to Matthew's Bible, printed in London iu 1551, but juet as there were Breeches Bibles before the Genevan, to which the name is now txulusivtly applied, there were Bug Bibles long before Mvtthew's Bible. The first complete Bible printed in the English lucgUBge (1535), that of Miles Coverdale, is a Bog Bibl*-, and also that of Taverner, printed 1539. The word bug is supposed to come from the Wt-lsh bwg, which means terror, spectre, hob goblin. &c; We see here how the march of time affects speech and how usage and fashion varies even as regards words. Words lately current are cow disreputable. We still have the words bugbear and bogey, bnt in Shake speBre's time the original substantive was in common use and quite respectable — ' Sir. spare your threats ; The bng which you would fright me with I S3efc.' The Teeacle Bible 'Is there not triads at Gilead? Is there no pbfsitioB there r—Jer. viii 22. This translation is found in the Bishops' Bible, a revision of the Great Bible bf Arch bishop Parker and a number of scholars, eight of whom were bishops. The book was published in folio in 156S, end three years later Convocation ordered that each bishop end archbishop should have a copy in his large hall or dining-room, and copies were to be placed in cathedrals and parish charches. The order was only partially obeyed, and the Geneva Bible held its place in the homes of the people. The book is now generally known as the Treacle Bible, and is prized on account of the reading from which it takes its name, but it has no erclosfve right to the name, as the ame reading is found In the earliest com plete Bible published in tbe English lan guage, namely, that of Coverdale of 1535. The Boses- Bible. 'Is there no rosin in Uilead? is there no physician theTeV— Jer. viil S2 This reading gives a name to the first edition of the Oouai Bible, printed in 3609\. As Protestant exiles from England in the reign of Queen Mary prepared tbe Geneva version of the English Bible, so Catholic exiles from England during the reign bf Queen Elizabeth prepared the Donai venion, the first Boman Catholic Bible. The translation was made about 1582, when tbe New Testament wa« printed at Bheims. William Allen is supposed to have been the chief translator. He had been a distirgubhed Boman Catholic dignitary under Queen Mary, and is said to have been designated Primate of England and Legate of Borne in case the Spauish Armada had succeeded. Tbe word translated rosin in the Doaai version was translated in the Geneva version, as in the authorised, by balm, but the Geneva version rendered the same word rosin in Gen. zliii. 11., and in Gen. xxxvii. 25 it gives as alternative readings for the same word rosin, turpentine, and triaclc The Geneva Bible might ss well have been called the Bosin Bible as tbe Donai version. Eten in our own English Bible we have rosin an an alternative reading for (Bzek. xxvii. 17) the game word. The Place Makers' Bible. ' ' Blessed are the place- mikers ; for they Bhill be called the children of God.'— Matt. v. 9. This extraordinary misprint occurred in the second edition of the Geneva Bible, pub lished at Geneva in folio in 1561-2. The mistake was corrected, and, at far as I know, never occurred again. The Ves-egak Bible. ' The Parable of the Vinegar,' instead of ' The Parable of the Vineyard,' appears in the chapter- heading to Luke zx. in an O rf ord edition of the authorised version which was published in 1717. The book was published by J. Basket*, in imperial folio, and Is said to be the most sumptuous of all the Oxford Bibles. The printing is very beautiful, and some of. the copies were printed on vellum, bnt unfortunately the proofs were carelessly read, and the book printed by Bukott was called ' a basketful of printers' errors.' The bookis now prizsd on account of its typo grajthical faults. Thb Wicked Bible. This extraordinary name has been given to an edition of the authorised Bible, printed in London by Bobert Barker acd Martin Lucis in 163L The negative was left out of the Seventh Commandment, and William KU burne, writing in 1659, says that owing to the zeal of Dr. Usher the printer was fined £2,000 or £3.000. In Land's published works there is a copy of the kine's letter directing that the printers be fined £3.000, but Dr. Scrivener, however, asserts, I know not on what authority, that the real fine was one of £300, inflicted by Archbishop Laud, to bs ex pended on a fount of fair Greek type.' Oaly four copies of this scarce Bible are now known, as the edition was destroyed, and all copies called in as soon as the mistake was discovered. Dr. Scrivener declared that a copy existed at WolfeobutteL This led to a search being made. No snch English Bible was discovered, bnt a German Bible with tb.9 very same mistake was found in its stead. The Peesectjtikg Pedttees' Bible. 'Printers bave persecuted me without a cause.' -Ps. cxix. 161. The word printers inntead of princes has given occasion for the above name. All we knew of this edition is stated by Mr. Henry Stevens in the catalogue of the Caxton Ex hibition of Bibles, where be says that these words were put into the month of Cotton Mather by a blundering typographer in a Bible printed before 1702 The Eaes to Ear Bible. 'Who bath ears to ear, let him hear.— Matt, ziii. 48. - This adaptation to Cockney usage is found in an 8vo Bible published by the Oxford Press in 1810. The same book contains a more serious blunder in Hebrews ix. 14— ' How much more shall tbe blood of Christ, who through the Eternal Spirit offered him self without spot to God, purge your con science from pood works to serve the liviog God.' The Stahddtg Fishes Bible, ' And It shall come to pa»s that the fishes shall stand upon It,' etc.— Bzek. xlrii. 10. The word fishes is used for fishers in a 4to Bible printed by the King's printer In London in 1S06, and reprinted in a 4to edition of 1813, sod in an 8vo edition of 1823. The Idie Shepherd Bible, ?? Wee to the idle shepherd that leareth tbe flock.' \- Zecfa. si. 17. The word idlt shepherd is nsed instead of idol shepherd in a very faulty 8vo Bible issued by the Oxford Press in IS0L The printers no doubt intended to correct what seemed to them a mistake, and which is US donbtedly an uniortnnate rendering. The exact meaning Is vain, empty, and therefore foolish. The Discharge Bible. ?? I discharge thee before God.'— 1 Tim. v. 21. This reading disfigures a 4to Bible issued by the King's printers In London In 1802. I am not aware that it has ever been repeated. Thb WifeHatbk Bible, ?'If any man come to me, and hate not Us father ... yea, and fab own tcife also ' &c; — Luke ziv. 26. This reading is found in an 8ro Bible printed bjr the Oxford University Press in 1810. Eebbkah's Gamhls Bible ''And Bebekah arote, and her camels.'— Gea. xxlv., 6L The word camels instead of damsels occurs in an 8vo Bible published in 1823 by tbe King's printers in London. To 'Rbmattt Bible, '.Persecuted him that was born after the spirit to remain, even so it is now.'— GaL iv. 2*. ? This typographical error, which was per petuated in the first 8vo Bible printed for the Bible Society, takes its chief importance from the curious circumstances under which it arose. A 12mo Bible was being printed at Cambridge in 1805, and the proof-reader being in doubt as to whether or not he should remove a comma, applied to his superior, arid the reply, pencilled on the margin, 'to remain' was transferred to the body of the text, and repeated in the Bible Society's Svo rdition 1S05-6, and also in another 12mo edition of 1819. The Eeligiofs Bible. 'Because fche hath been religious agiinst ma, saith the Lord.'£- Jer. iv. 17. This word religious, instead of rebellious, is found in an Svo Bible printed in Edinburgh in 1637. The Independents' Bible, or The Ye or We Bible. ?? -Wherefore, brethren, look ye out among you seven men of booest report, fall of tbe Holy Ghost md wisdom. vhomjK may appoint over this bosi t ess.'— Acts vL 3. Tbe little word ye, instead of we, in this verse has given rise to much controversy and feeling. The correct reading, we, shows that while the selection of office-bearers was the right of the Church — 'look ye out' — the apostles reserved themselves the power of ordination or setting apart — 'whom vie may appoint,' etc. In tbe dajs when political feeling and religious past ion were strong, Cromwell was accused of having procured the reading for a bribe of £1,000. The mistake, however, is found in a magnificent revised Cambridge Bible, printed in 163S. Tbe royal standard of civil war was raised at Nottingham in 1612, and at that period Cromwell could not have tampered, if he had wished to do so, with the text of the Bible. The charge against Croat well simply shows the length to which the bitterness of hate may lead. The reading in the Cambridge Bible oE 1638 was followed in subsequent editions. I have in my possession a Bible of 16S3, in which tbe mistake is perpetuated. Oa the fly-leaf there is the following M.S. note : *' This edition has the remarkable misprint is the opinion of some, but in the opinion of ethers a deliberate vitiation, in Acts vi. 3, 'whom j/ e may appoint,' which was charged upon the Independents or Presbiterians, and which the General Assembly thought itself called upon to disclaim,— Acts v. Assembly 1698. 'From memorandum on the late Bev. John Jsif raj's copy cf this bible, at John Kcox'a house CannODgate, Edinburgh.' The He and She Bible. ' He measured sSxe measures of barley, and laid it on btr : and he went into the citie,'and 'site went into the dtie.'— Ruth iii. IS. Everybody knows that the authorised ver sion, called King James's Bible, was issued iu 1611, and that the millions of the authorised version since printed have followed that edition. It is not generally known that the 1611 edition of the Bible was printed from tiro separate and distinct copies, and that one set of the folios follows one copy and another set of folios follows another copy. The ito and Svo editions also run in two streams, one-half followicfi the He Bible and one-half the She Bible. To possess the first edition of the authorised Bible it is necessary to have tbe two folios, and the key to each is found in Butb iii. IS. The; difi'-r from each other on a grtat m»Dy minute puinre. There bss been mu.,-s inrp.-tigatioa as to which of tbe two deserves to stand first, and those whom we look to as au\horiues are divided on the suvject. For instaucp, Mr. Francis Fry is of opinion that the Be Bible is the original, but Dr. Scrivener holds that the right of priority belongs to the She Bible. Mr. Henry Stevens, who is also a very high authority, agrees with Mr. Fry, I am inclined to btlieve that the right of priority belongs to neither, sad that both were printed simultaneously. The book was eagerly expected, and facilities for rapid pro duction were not very great, and doubtless two presses worked hard and at the same time on two sets of copy, and the numerous divergencies are simply the slips of the copyist and the printers of each set of copy. In a short time the She Bible prevailed, aud only recently Dr. Scrivener, in his paragraph Bible, has returned to the correct reading of the He Bible. The Ye Lord Testameit r. 'What then is ADolIos?and whit is Paul? Ministers through whom ye Lord believed ; and escb as the gave to him '— I Cor. iii 3. This error, with which I close this article, is found in the Revised Nev Testament, brevier 16mo. It consists simply in the mis placing of the word Lord five words too soon in the verse ; bat even this email mistake will give the book a peculiar interest with collectors. It is only because the Bible is so pure and so holy that these incongruities aud mis takes are noticed. They resemble spots on the gun, which do not impede the sun's light and heat. 