THE ADELAIDE MUSEUM. TO THE EDITOR. 1 am, &c.;, OWEN'S GHOST. Sir—In jour paper of 19th instant appears a paragraph speaking in high terms of the advantageous way in which the ethnological specimens in the museum have been arranged by Dr. Haacke, and also stating that the collection is by co means complete. Sow, in tcientinc circle* it is the role to give honor to whom honor is due, and I do not think Dr. Hascke will claim or axept the prabe for the work done by his clever and talented assistants. Mr. ZaU, who occupied a vary high position in his native country, would not have left Germany had he known that the reialts ot his scientific knowledge and of his labor wenld be attributed to the head of the department is tbeammemy tint* bootmaker lues bis individuality in bJa master's estab lishment. To Mr. Zietz belongs the credit of arranging the ?Ui?ni?fli?— .1 collection, the ccnoholDsicalooUeottoDtkndtheprepkrftVionot macyof those beantifal specimens in spirit and otherwise that already enrich oor nusosa: and it may be added thai theetiiiiologiaalind auny ot the other collections ware far richer in specimens when Mr. Waterhonse was cantor than they are at present What has become of that unique andeompletecolleetion of Fijian weapons. ntceifls, tools, nodels, Ac, that was presented to the museum by the late Mr. O. A. Owen, gathered at a time when the Fijls were "onoivUised,''and when only it was pouible to make such a collection * It is a tale in every well-conducted museum never to part with or destroy a specimen, however dilapidated or injured it may foe, until a fresh ere has been secured toreplace it; but from what I have seen and from rumors that are floating about, I have reason to believe that there has been a wholesale clearance ot valu able, unique, and tare articles, aaaoj of which cannot be replaced. An inspection fit Mr. Watetbonce's catalogues (if they have not j been wilfully destroyed), and a comparison of the specimens now in the museum would very soon satisfy many anxious minds upon this point. Meanwhile, whilst all the credit thst is due tbould be accorded to De, Haaoke for his cleverness, and the great zeal and progress he has made towards preparing the nsMsa for the faa traction of cor great grandchildren f(I hope it will be Beady in time for them), it ia -only fair aba* Messrs. Zeitz, Tesncr. and Beazle* should he ???. 