; EUHORS OF MELBOURNE. ' :',". : ' (B THt GiosT;.) ' ::'Mr. Service had 'doibtles' ere'now di-i covered that when last week he' congatu lated Parliamient siponsits'good behavibur 'he was. soeiwhit pre?ature, and' that there is a good deal of'force in the proverb anent hallooing-until one is fairly'ou'd of the wood. Notwithstanding the exertibns of the Government whips, .the aluost pathetic appeals of Mr. Gillies, and the blandishments of the Premieor,: the Assembly, by- a substantial major(ty, carried the. line from- Kerang .t6l Sian Hill .in the face of the :Ministry' before despatching the Railway Bill ..to' the Upper ,House. For 'thei third :or' fourth time during the. session; Mr: Service hals 'been compelled to lift the "f6ot"' hlei had "ptt down."' i If. the honourable geitle man Lcontinuebs this .pedal, exercise ,mchli longer ?and:,muoh oftener,'the "liftink" .process will somewhat resemble his iative Highland fling, and his nether extremiides rival.the far-famed ones of the celebrated gallant colonelwho represents Ballarat: " .. The .viCtory ,of.the.Opposition,or'atiall events of the fortuitous concourse ( 6f political atoms that constituted te h hostile majority that forced the Swan Hill lie' on the Government, seemingly had the effect of putting.the Assemblyi in' good humbur and a working: mood., The amendments in..the' Mining 'on Private -Property'Bill, made by the Upper' House, were accepted with very little denmur;:the finhshizg touch being.thus put to.the - measure! Consider able' progress: was alsol..made -in , the business.undertaken by.'lirivate. miembers, .the Tramway Branchles Bill-and the'iEm ployers (Liability :Bill bothl being isaved from the contingency.f finding themselves on the list of':slaughtered innoceits ithat must.' inevitably find ,a -place -on,: the loccasion, of: the .fdst; approabhing' proro gatioi. The Scots Church Sdveraneo: Bill has made its exit fr.m:the'notice paper, in anticipation of.theforthcoming recess, Mr. Bent; acting for'Mr.C. *Young, asking. and ,btaining:leavo;td withdraw the measdure that'has caused such.a ferment in ,Presby terian circles, and set more divines by the ,ears -than e:ven the most;: militant [ df :churches would care to'-boast of;','The reason assigned for discharging thl?: ill from the notice paper is the shortness of the session,.and the.impossibility of .pph ing it through before.the adjournment. The conclusion of this questionr-if'indeed the conclusion has been reached' is assuredly(a:lame and impotent one, and the interrogatory couplet on, the infantile' 'tomb--- ; i i.. : , . ".:If so quickly Iwas done for, .- - I ,iwonder what I.wasbegun forW? ! might with some appositoness be'placed over the defunct measure without any risk: Sof Mrs. Malaprop branding, it:as a -"'de :rangement of epitaphs." ,The only danger 'in such a course might arise'from some one replying to.the query in regard to the !in troduction of the'i bill:- "that :it' was initiated with a view of showing hor'. Iod -PresbyterianOhristiains loved one another." SThe. Ministerial troubles are, however, with' the Upper House;i That august body has of late shown a ;marked disposition! to -kick.over the traces .; It is almost ufficient for the representatives of the Government in the Council to make a proposal; in order to ensure its rejection. Colonel Sargood may perhaps: develop into a Napoleon or a Wellington, if in time of war.entrusted with.the control of.the Victorian army as Minister of Defence, but at the present moment-the best friends 'of the honourable and.; gallant gentleman .can hardly deem him a successful parliamentary:leader. ln sooth, Mr. Sargoods may be described; a :" bumptious" in his demeanour. in the Council,..and: his autocratic dictation; at times gives serious offence. The feeling of the .House was unmistakably shown during the discussion on the Land Bill., Mr.:Cuthbert. objected to the proposed pastoral allotments being disposed of 'by i land board, and moved, as an amendment, 'that the auction system .be substituted. Mr. Sargood notified that the. Government "would not accept the amendment,'! and at once, without discussion, the amendment' was almost unanimously. adopted. .Mr. Sargood was equally unfortunate in oppos ing an amendment empowering lessees' to mortgage their leases; After a very short discussion the proposition was carried against the :Government. The two altera tions thus made are of a most vital nature, in some respects defeating the objects of the bill, and opening wide the door for the capitalist and land monopolists to enter in. It remains to be .seen; how the Assembly will.treat the'changes proposed. ;:The*fate of the measure may be said to be trembling, iin the balance. It is quite on the: cards that the' land legislation of' the session may prove abortive. Should it prove so; "woman, lovely woman,"'will be; as usual; the origin of the trouble.': The Govern ment will. have :to show .their: gallantry against .tleir will; and let niarried'ladies. select as well 'as .their lords; and masters if "The Land Act, 1884,", is to appearin the list of measures to which his Excellency will before .Christmas be askedito give the Royal,assent..'. . , . : : ,,;:The heads of the Victorian. Government: *Departments are evidently unbelievers 'in the adage that "cleanliness, is next to Godliness,"'' The .railway authorities have issued a notice granting to students desirous of .attending the Schools -of Mines at Ballarat and Sandhurst tickets, at reduced 'faies'lavailable for seven'days: 'Itis,;hoiv ever, specially provided .that "no. rticles beyIond those required.at' the schbol's" are to be carried-by the travellers. , "No luggage of: any"kind is to 'beo?illowed."' No change of linen :is to be permittdd, no tooth-brush-not ' even a, spare, paper dollar! Dirt and Science' are' for the nonce"'to 'be twin 'sisters:' 'The "'Water Supply Dephrtment also have decreed that Geelong,-which styles' itself the secondd town'in Victoria," and is undoubtedly the seaport of the western district of Victoiia, shall 'join' "thb 's giraat 'unwashedi " 'the 'water supply"' to the' inhabitanttse 'is to' "be': cut"' obff' during'. 'week' days' fromni "6 'p.m. to' 8 ' a.m., " aid "on' Siundays "during 'the entire day;'-with 'thoe:xception of'two hours in the morning.' A's, the 'early; trainsi for" Melbouiine ' and 'Ballaratileave Geelonig shortly after eight, it will be inmanifestly 'impossible for the inhabitants 'of' the' water famine stricken 'place to perform :their matedudinal .ablu tions before starting on their journeys. In the "' godd old: diggings days," it was easy to fixthe locality whence the searchers. after the precious metal hailed, by the c'olour of their moleskins. The reddish hue of the cliy-stiuiried garment denoted tlih iBondigonian, while a yellow tinge marked the wearer' as "a Ballarat man;" 'Henceforth' a 'Geelongite will be' known by hlis dirty 'appearance, 'and in warin weather the nose 'will come to tlho assist ance of the eyes inp rendering easy the identification when from home of the" dwellers o.p : the Pivot." ': 1 . , The great qeestion of the hour haa at last been sqlved,' d and elbourior'clciety iagn btrathes freely.' .'The dress to te' or at the Gqverpment House. "at qiee liqr now been settled by prescrip tivo customn AU ddout'oi' the subject lis disappeared. I as now genierally known }hiaj it would not bEo cPsidePrd 'il accord ance wiEh' strict' tiquete for gentlemoh to appead in ihirt' sloveos end: slippers,' or in the oli~ gara tts.often affect;d by even the wcaltlhiesi of .'tbo wealthy" loirer boiers" wvheui "at hldnis" ia Toorak or Sbthl Yair, 'at the 'uiihc'eremonious i' re ceptions wlien 'Sir Henry and Lady Loch meet" theii"visitodrs'. Nor are ladies ex phcted in pee '4'({ohabilqlj 'which' cah ij the'drlbhl cebndition in wh 'somoe'pwives iresent 'themhsele' when "at hoiiie"'to the ftiamily'circle. Full evening dress is eo 'rl?Uiinelyi the pre?lceo of vipoe-rbalty. Meuibera'of the fr'eistoeracps," helbc u innido;" or the "u ipper tein," who' writ so. onquirlngly 'to tlie Melbourne 'dalllss for:' information, and disobeying the Scriptural injunction when so heedful of "where withal they should be clothed," ,at the gubernatorial garden' parties are' now aware that if desirous of still being con. sidered as belonging ?to the :haute votsee they must not only behave, but appear," as sich.". Melbourne appears to be "?suffering a recovery l. after thie festivities ' inei dental to "the Cap week,' and, the various.,theatres: and places : of. pulpli' nmusement havd been but poorly attended. The-only chango to bo noted inithe bill of fare is ,O1, hoPrincess' where " Estrelli?" to-night replaceso" The eMerry Duchess,' and the Royal, where "Daisy ,Farm'" is substituted for ?'The Tdrn of the Tide.' . November 15. 