A CHOST STORY. "I am going to bo married, my dear. I can see the tears iu your pretty eyes as you say to Harry, 1 Poor Sibyl ! sho can never be as happy as we aro,' Of course I cannot. No woman can who does not marry her first love, while her past is without regret, and her future without shadow. But I am going to marry what is more rare than first love — perfection. Absolutely he has not a fault, and the wonder of wonders is that lio should- desire tho society through life of one who is so full of faults as I am. Ho is clever, rich, nmiablo, good looking, thirty- two, respected of all men, and (until within" tho past wcok) praised of alt women. Can you wonder that dear mamma, who ha3 beon a little anxious about me this last year or so, is (13 happy as a queen, and that my ncqnam- tanoes are ail load in their concratalations ? But then, as they say, 'Sibyl Van Eyck has always boon a lneky girl.' You.nnd , my Kate, might differ with them as to that, only I it is not worth while recalling such a very eld and common place mishap. Indeed, I am not I without a- realising senso of my merci&3 | myself, for that a young woman facing her thirtieth birthday so- nearly as I do, and who ' has played fast and looxo with snch good cards i as kindly Eatu has hitherto tlirnst into her I hands — that such a young woman Bhoald j become Mrs. Brian Chester is truly n wonder. ; fnl favor of -Fortune. It is not tho first time that you havo Been bis namo. in my letters, and I dare say that, witli your usual sagacity, you have had suspicions of what might come to pass? Behold me at length on tho eve of my marriage, figuratively that, is, for we are not to be married until June, and this is only Jannnry, but it seems very near tome. "Shalt I whisper something to you, my Kate, so low that oven Harry shall not licar it ? (I know yon keep ray secrets oven from him.) I respect Brian Chcstor, I admire him, I. am pread of his preference, and I feel safor and more ot rest with him than I ever did in my life, — yet, oil, Kate ! Kate I it is not such a i love as yours for Harry in the days of your - love making, nor like mine fur — tho knight | who wooed and redo away. Is it becauso I am twenty-eight, and snch a dreadful flirt, as people say, or beeanso Mr. Chester's affection for me is ao very cheerful and matter of fact ? i He is evidently incapable of jealousy, nnd ' evinces a beautiful faitli in me, which my i poet hoe scarcely justified. I ought to be im- - mensely flattered, but I nin not, for that perfect love which casteth out fear is divine, and far above poor, 'passionate, doubting j humanity. Do not, however, imagine mo so ' foolish as not to know that I am more nearly i ! happy than I have been for years, and that I ; shall be a verv contented woraun as Mrs. Brian Chester. Kiss your small Violet for me, and give my lovo to Harry. I can trust him, whatever his criticisms may be, not to say, as : Bob Lisle did whon Mary Vincy was married last montb, ' Another old landmark gone !' I Always your lovinj Snivt,." | With a faint smilo at Mr. Lisle's very | uncivil remark, MiBs Van Eyck addresses hor ! letter, and leaving her writing table, scats her self in a lew arm chair near tho fire. "I will givo it to him to post," sho thinks, as she listlessly takes up the evening paper. For a second or two she glances indifferently over it, and then she reads earnestly, while her face softens, her eyes fill, and two heavy tears fall on tho paper as the drops it on her , lap. Only a couulo of verso, with no beauty | or power beyond their truth, and yet thoy can ! send her thoughts back over eight years i snch a long, long tlmo out of one'a vouth ! and make her heart ache with pity for the difference between the woman of twenty- cight who is to marry Brian Chester and the girl of twonty who loved so foolishly and so tenderly that tho ghost of a handsome, fond, false face, can come between hor and her future husband oven now. Sibyl Van Eyck is a young woman usually very appreciative of tho advantage of be coming surroundings, but jnst now aho Is quito unconscious thnt her fair head and slender figure in- Its pale blua trailing dress make a picture very pleasing to a man's eyes as she lies back in a crimBon cliair in tho soft warm glow of tho fire. Her thoughts havo gone uo far and so fast that sho doo3 not hear the door open and oloso, nor a man's quick step on tho thick carpet. Sho has forgotten that sho ought to be expecting Mr. Choster, until he eoats himself beside her and takes calm posssssion of ono of her hands. She oomeB back to tho- present then with such a start that ho laughs. " You look as if you had forgotten all about mo and then gently kissing tho hand he has taken, he lets it go, and leaning baok in his chair, mokes hiinsolf comfortable after the fashion, more easy than elegant, of our genera tion. She colors like a school girl, though sho ia " twenty-eight and snch a dreadful flirt," nnd she puts the paper out of sight under tho train of her dress, " And if I had, sir ?" sho asks, lightly. " I dare say ynu forget mo, often enough, for muoh more than five minutes " Never," bo says, rather shortly ; and then, after an instant, " What were you crying for ' jnst now ?" " Do not you know that wc women cry for anything, or nothing i" " Not yon ; but do not tell mo unless you wish to do so." "I assure you I havo no snch intention," sho says, gaily. " Doos your lordship think that I shall mako you my oonfeiBSor I" "Someday — yes," hu answers, quietly, and looking, not at her, but at the fire. Very quioklysho lifts her eyes to his face — a very frank ..and pleasant: i face, with a look that shows its owner well content with the world and hiinsolf, bat jnst now a little graver ! than its .wont, and sho wondora, with a thrill . of tho Bitme pity sho had felt for herself i whother ho, too, in tho years which lio boliind him has missed something of lifo's comnlota n036« 1 "You and I are too old and worldly- wise for that," she says, rather sadly, " Old ?— you child I" his eyes meeting hers with a smile half nmuBed, half fonder. " I aware that you havo reached the awful a-o of twenty-eight, Miss Van Eyok, nnd that" von havo had enough experience of the world to mnko yon wiBo, but, for alt that, you aro a child, nnd a child in some things vou will r» main as long bb you live." " Ah ! you do not know how much nicer I was ten years ago," she says, laughing norv- ously. " If I havo tho bad taste to bo content with you as yon are, I do not see that it is of an consequence," ho saya, again taking hor hand " Besides,' I do not believe it." ' " I wish," sho begins, wistfully, while tears stand in heroyes— "I wish that wo had known each other then, and that I had never— n'over — " " Never fanoicd you cared for some ono else," he breaks in abruptly. " Look here, dcSSl hero in my oyes j" nnd ho puts ono arm about ! hor, while lie keeps her hand, " Tell mo noth ing yet ; I am not a jealous man, nor afraid of ghosts, and it is not your past I want, but your present and your future." When lie is gono alio stands before one of tile long mirrors, smiling at horsolf rather de fiantly. " Yon havo found your master, Miss Van Eyck," sho is thinking : " a good master a tonder and true master, but just a little too sure of himself." When Brian Chester enters his rooms, the first thing ho does, after lighting the gaB,-is to find tiie evening paper, and, glancing hastily ovor it, to read with sure instinct two verses in its columns.. " Very wordly wiso indeed, my poor little girl," ho says to himself, as ho lays it down with half a smile nnd half n aigh ; "nnd a very shabby thing of mo to hunt np tho cause , of your tears after refusing to hear it ; bat ! yon are more mine now than yon think, and yon Bhall be altogether mine yet, in spite of tho i ghost." | . But, for all that, his eyes have a troubled : look not usual to them, and he smokes rooro ' cigars than arc good for him before he goes to : bed, " If I were a jealous man (which, thank Heaven, I am not), I should endure some ox. coediiigly uncomfortable hours, " says Mr, | Chester, smiling placidly, as he takes posses- . eion of Sibyl for a waits, eomo six weeks later, at one of tho last parties before Lent : " for upon my word theso fellows think that I ; have no right whatever to more than a stray ! dance." "Being a philosopher (wliich, thank Heaven, ! you are), I suppose it makes no difference to you," she answers, as they waltz off. " I admire their good taste, and am thank ful for what I can get at present ; also I have some faint idea that Mrs. Cheater will give up round dancing," _ Sibyl pau cs abruptly, and moves out of tho cirolo of waltzors. " Do not you mean to bo a philosopher about —Mrs. Chester 1" she askB, softly, look ing up at him with radiant eyes and flushed cheeks. " Do yoa think that I am always a philo sopher now ?" Hor color deepens, her eyes turn from his, nnd then, with a little cry, sho puts hor hand on his arm, growing suddenly whito, and gaz ing fixedly at somebody behind him. Ho turns instinctively, and sees a tall, very handsomo man staring at Sibyl with more fixity than politeness permits. " Take mo away — out of the room — some where," sho murmurs. Very much bewildered, lie obeys, and pre sently finds a seat for hor in a small, almost deserted room, " You aro tired," he says, tenderly. " Shall I got you a glass of wine ?" " No, no ; stay with me. It is he," alio says, looking np pitcously in his face, which at those very enigmatical words grows rather pale. " Who — tho ghost T' he asks, unsteadily. "Mr. Deveroux. I have not soon him since I — since I — Oh, what will you think of ma f sho cries, with a sudden burning blush at the change and trouble in his faco. " In- I deed, it is only tho surprise." " Of course," he says positively. "You will ! not mind, now that you know he is here, and when you are a little rested I shall steal some body ciso's waltz instead of tho one we have lost." But in spite of his positiveness and hor efforts at composure an nncomfortablo silanee folia upon thorn, which eho breaks by pro posing to return to tho ballroom. In the door way they are met by thoir hostess and Mr, Deveroux himself. "Sibyl dear," says the lady, hurriedly, " here is a gentleman who claims to he an old friend, hut doubts whether your memory is bo good as his." " My memory is excellent," Sibyl answers, rather coldly, but with that uttor self-posses sion which comes to most women in bitterest need. " I perfectly remember my acquaintance with Mr. Dcvereur. " Then that is all right, and I shall carry you off, Mr, Chester." ' " We will go togother, dear Mrs. Barns," Sibyl saya, with her hand Btill on Brian's arm. " Mr. Chcstor is going to take ma to mamma." " Will you not permit mo V says Mr.Deve- reux, speaking for the first time, and in a voico whioh falters perceptibly. " Thanks, no ; I will not trouble yon." " Then mny I not have a waltz, or a equate dance, for — for 'auld lang syne?'" Tho last words are vory low and eager, but Mr. Chester hearB them as distinctly as if they had beon spoken in his ear. " My card is full, thanks," is tho steady' an swer, and then ail four enter the ball room, where Mrs. Burns takoa Mr. Dovereux iu one direction, whilo Sibyl and Mr. Chester go in another to search for Mrs, Van Eyck, and within half an hour thoy are driving holnc. It cannot bo . denied, though Miss Va® EyeU's lover is not a man given to jealousy, that -tho next week is the longest and most unoamfortabie which ho con remember. Busi ness compels him to go to Boston so early on the morning, after Mrs. Burns's parly that he does not aoo Sibyl again, and in epito of her dignified repulsion of Mr. Dovereux he oarinot forget hor pale face and piteous eyes wbenmW tad first seen tho " ghost.'' Ho is convinced that Devereux will do everything posiiblo for a reconciliation, nud ho calls himsolf an in- sane idiot for having refused to hoar the story of her first love, which Sibyl had seemed to wish to toll him, for hi; utter ignnranco of tho circumstances prevents him from being ablo to jndge whether such a thing could come to pnss. To add to his anxiety, during the four days that ho is in Boston lie does not receive even bo much a lino from her, though she had promised, half laughingly, to write every day. The result of all of wliioli is that, after having been so absent minded as to cause bis business friends much amnzement, he returns to New York two days earlier than he had- intended, leaving his affairs very much as lie had found tliem. An honr after his arrival die is walking up the familiar street on which the Van Eycks live, with a groat deal of out ward cheerfulness, and on odd mingling of Self contempt and anxiety at his heart, for he will know his fate in another ten minutes, "My fate, indeed I" he mutters, with rather a failure' in tho way of a smile. " If I were anybody elso, what a jealous fool I should call myself 1" Then he starts as if ho had been shot, for Ascending tho steps of the Van Eycks' house, with the confident manner of one who does not come for the first time, is Mr. Devereux. Very still stands Mr. Chester — Voiy still and very palo for a man who is "not jealous nor afraid of ghosts" — until Mr. Devereux has rung and is admitted, " I will wait until he leaves ; ho will not bo long," I10 thinks, with a strong momentary desire to follow him and confront him and Sibyl together, though all his life he has had tho true Anglo-Saxon horror of anything like a scene. . He walks rapidly down to the end of tho block, and returns slowly, with his eyes on the Van Eycks' door j but Beveroux's visit bids fair to bo a lengthy one, and he has time to repeat his manoeuvre many times, to tho great interest of a conplo of Bchool girls, who, from an opposite drawingroom window, are specula ting excitedly as to what " Miss Van Eyek's lover" can bo about, It is not very fatiguing for a man to pace up and down a block for an hour, and yet, when that time had elapsed, Brian Chester's face has grown oddly worn and haggard looking, God pity us all! Wo can most of us remember somo such hour, whoso Bixty minutes held an eternity of bus- penes, but let those of us render thnuksglving all onr days who feared in that hour only death, not faithlessness, for our heart'B beloved. It iB nearly six when tho Von Kycks' door opens and closes again on Mr, Bevercux, who walks quickly down the street in nn opposite direction from Chester, but the latter scarcely glances at the receding figare as he springs UP tho BtbDS. "Miss Van Eyck is in tho drawingroom," the servant tells him, and he passes in. Outside it was nearly dark, and horo -it is quite so, except when the fire makes a blaze of light ; but lie sees her at once, crouched in the corner of a sofa by tho chimney, and weeping —ah ! weeping as even women given to tears weop only onco or twice In thor lives. At tho . eight of that drooping figure, and tho sound of tliuse strangled sobs, the strong heart of Brian Chester turns faint and sick, for ho knows so Well, with such wonderful, dreary conviction, just what sho has done, and what he must do now. He casts ono farewell look about the familiar room where he has been so happy, and then hiB eyes return to the woman ho loves and suffers for, 03 only a man can to wham neither . love nor jealously comes easily. "Sibyl!" lie says, abruptly, in an odd, hoarse voice, which vaguely surprises him, it fa so unlike his. " Bon't cry so terribly ; there it no need." She springs to her feet and faces liim in the fire-light with a low ery, and a look that changes instantly from Burpriso to pity and terror. " Brian !" she says, tremulously, taking both his hands in hers, "Are you ill, dear? — or has something dreadful happened J" It is tho first time she has ever uttered his name, the first time those shy fingers have over sought his, but sho does not think of that in fear of the calamity which can have so changed calm, cheerful, philosophical Brian Chester. At tho frightened compassion in hor eyes, he glances suddenly in the mirror ovor the chimney, and stares at himself, with the dull wonder men feel when they are brought face to faco with the change an hour's agony can work in them. " I am a fool," ho Bays presently, with a miserable laugh, and dropping into the nearest chair, he draws his hands from hers and covers his face. For an instant she is silent, and then the despair iu every line of the bent figure gives her courage, "Bear," she whispers, kneeling beside him, " surely I, who am to be your wife, may Bharo your troubles, and— and com'ort yon ?" and with a rush of tenderness that sweeps her old doubts and fears away for evor, she tries to .draw his head against her shoulder. 1 But ho springs to his feet, with a flush on his haggard face. "For Heaven's sake do not mako it harder for mo to give you up !" ho gasps, " Give mo up !" she repeats, rising too, and trembling very much, " You never wrote mo" — he begins, pas sionately, " Because I would rather tell you than write," she interrupts, quickly. But ho goes on, bitterly : " I saw that man leave tho houso after ho had been hero au hour, and I find you breaking your heart for him. What . havo I done that you should think I would norept bucIi a sacrifice ? Do you think I want your life without your lovo ?" Ho panses, with a struggle for the self 00m- rnnnd that eecms to havo so utterly deserted him, while sho stands Bilent, with down bent head and clasped hands. I see it all," ho says, presently, in a very low voice, whose forced steadiness it takes all his resolute will to maintain. " You havo loved only him always, and you sent him away to-day that you might keep your faith to me, like tho brave, true woman you are ; but I10 will be easy to recall, v?- ' bless you I" — and he tarns rather blindly towards tho door. ' OBnt sho stands swiftly before him with out- etrotchod hands and toarfnl, shining oyos. Oh, Brian, I am no heroine, only a foolish woman to whom God is vory good. Mr. De vereux will nover again be even a ghost to mo. And you— do you wonder that I was crying lor those years when I fancied I cared for Mm, nud which ought to have been yours, with all Weekly my life—my lore t"— Harper's 