fesg Jcrltings. SOME one has said, with great truth I think, " that a man never needs a holiday so badly as the day after he has had one," and this wonld seem to be the case all round. On Wednesday, when business had to some extent been resumed, it was amusing to notice the tired appearance of the people who thronged the city. They had been away holiday making, and had been engaged at some unusual exercise, the consequence being that they were for the most part wearied out, and wanted another holiday just to get round. Still, we should be badly off did we not have occasional rest, and so I trust that my readers will have no reason to complain of their varions outings other than that they have made themselves very tired. Next Monday will be a great day for Victorians. They will witness—or afterwards be informed of it—how that selfsacrificing individual known as the hon. J. B. Patterson was presented with addresses from the loyal (!) citizens of Victoria, showing how they appreciate his career. I havn't heard If the "Ring-Tail Snorters" intend to take part in the ceremony, but I have no doubt that the following lodges of the Orange institution will present addresses:—"The Purple Heroes" (warlike Individuals), " The Tyrone Blues" (jolly sailor boyB), "Tandragee Heroes" (brave men), "Bismarck" f Germans surely), "Wickliffe" (good Protestants), "The Choaen Few" (few and far between), "No Surrender" (that's the ring), " Hope of Murtoa" (I pity poorMurtoa.) Several other lodges will take part in the presentation. What a lot of lip loyalty will be exploded, and I feel sure tbat " Kentish fire" will be used in superabundance on the occasion. But what about the coin 1 I feel sure that J. B. will have to plank the most of it himBelf. From indications the money is not coming in fast, consequently the affair will not take place until the 7th. After all, J.B., they haven't treated you fairly. If something decent is not made up for you it is extremely mean on the part of the Orangemen, because you worked hard to show how "loyal" you were. Loyalty —even lip loyalty—Bhould have its reward, and I think that the committee could do better than present the tanned "bullock hide." But perhaps the " Yellow boys" can see through you as well as most people do, and now that you have done their dirty work, they requite you with the quotation, " Virtue is its own reward." Mrs. A. M. Potts, who has been delivering lectures in the Melbourne Town Hall, was very severe ou young ladies— ay, and oil ones also—who compress their bodies BO as to have small waists. At the lecture in tbe Town Hall, on Monday evening, the lecturer, after pointing out what injury such a practice entailed, asked the male portion of her audience who admired small, contorted female waists to hold up their hands, and not a single hand was held up in response to tbe invitation. The lecturer then asked for a show of hands from all who admired females appearing naturally. In response to this invitation fully three hundred hands were held up. This expression of three hundred free and independent admirers of the fair sex ought to hlave the desired effect. What is the world coming to when some of the theatres have not produced pantomimes at all, and in the others they only run a few nights P There used to be two classes who regularly patronised the pantomimes. There were, firBt, those children of a larger growth who dearly love a hearty piece of foolery now and then, and who went " just to take the children." Then, in an out and away majority, there were the children themselves, who clamoured for a glimpse of that gauze and tinsel wonderland which came round once a year. They used to sit wild-eyed with delight through the whole performance, drinking in visions of (to their eyes) seraphic beauty enough to inspire poets by the score. They thought some of the songs a little tedious, but they also thought the transformation scene the most betutiful picture in the world, and then how they shrieked with delight when tbe clown swallowed a string of sausage* long enough to tie up a meeting-house, or when a policeman was mistaken for a bundle of (dothes and locked In a chest. It used to do one good tt> hear the shrieks of genuine, intense happiness. The pleasure of listening to them was enough to set one's digestion straight for a month afterwards. What is the matter ? Why has all tihis vanished, or nearly so P It is to be hoped that systems of juvenile education are not converting them into a race of nursery cynics—knickerbooker sages who don't " see any fun in it." It is said by confectioners and others that ohildfen in this country do not take to sweetstuffs with half the avidity of their contemporaries on the other side oi the globe. When children like neither lollies nor pantomimes it is clear that there is some moral deficiency somewhere —or else their livers are out of order, which is, perhaps, only saying the same thing. But just fancy the trouble in store for a child with a liver ! One of the reporters who " did" the cricket match last week for the daily press succeeded in making a good joke. As this is a feat which the same gentleman has been endeavouring for years to accomplish, I cannot do less than reproduce it. He remarks that while the Arabian method of avoiding a simoon is to bury the face in the dust, the Victorian way is much simpler, and consists in the periodical insertion of the nose in a tumbler. I have always entertained gave doubts as to the advisability of employing solicitors in cases which come for decision before any members of our honorary magistracy. Those gentleman in most cases entertain a wholesome dislike to such limbs of the law as appear before them. This dislike seems to vary according to the legal ability and eloquence of its object, so that, as a general axiom, it may be accepted that the most reliable and efficient means of losing a case, and securing the privilege of paying costs, is to employ a clever solicitor. From a decision given recently in the District Court, and a remark which fell from the chairman of the bench, it may be inferred that the best way is not to employ counsel at all. Said the J.P.:—"We shall fine the defendant 5s., with costs. If he had not taken the trouble to employ a solicitor, and fight the case in this way, the fine would have only been half-acrown." Law, especially when administered by Justice Shallow, is a very funny thing—a remark which, I believe, has been made before. Taking advantage of other people's dearly bought experience, I intend to plead guilty to any offence whatsoever with which I may at any time happen to be charged—except, indeed, if there be a hanging concerned. The police court records contain the usual yearly account of the misfortunes of gentlemen who, bent on a carouse, have not ohosen their company with discretion. Their experience has been reaped before them many and many a year. It is a long while since Master Slender in penitence wailed, "I'll ne'er be drunk whilst I live again but in honest, civil, godly company. If I be drunk, I'll be drunk with those that have the fear of God before them, and not with drunken knaves." To which we can say, "Afery virtuous resolve a' life." It has often lain upon my mind to discover what it is that causes so many estimable young men, of reputed sanity, deliberately and of malice aforethought, to take the dread and fatal plunge sheer down from the cliffs of courtship into the dismal gulf of matrimony. " How is it," have I often propounded to myself, "that youthb throw from them the treasure of liberty— roseate-hued liberty—to submit to the stern domination and rigid rule of a mother-in-law P How is it that, while conscious of the cares of a misnamed helpmate, of the squalling of children, of the nightly watcheB up and down the bedroom floor, and all the other horrors incident to the blesBed state of wedlock, they yet, with undaunted breast, rush, armed with nothing save a golden hoop, to the steps of the altar P" They know the joys of bachelordom, the pleasures of club life, the ecstasies of good fellowship, the voluptuousness of nightly carousals. They have heard, too, fearful storieB of the terrors of the state upon which they are entering. They do nothing in ignorance bnt all in malioe. They know how soon after marriage a man loses his individuality and becomes a sort of palpable ghost at the summons of his wife, a mere machine for the purpose of earning bread and paying millinery bills. Nothing deters them. The moBt frightful examples are disregarded. The warnings of widowers, who look upon themselves almost as men returned from the grave, are wholly wasted upon the infatuated tribe. "What is," said I, "the reason of this monstrosity ?" The answer is almply Buttons—merely buttons—only buttons, and nothing more. It Is simply to escape the miseries of buttonless shirt oollars and the tortures they inflict upon the abraded neck. It iB to enjoy an immunity from the need for hitching up their-trousers at every few yards. It. is to be able to set maiioloin laundresses, who, with a fiendish glee, sweep the buttons off, at defiance. They ohoose what they consider the lout of two evils, wad repent when it is too late. If anything can yet be done by means of warning to ;siwe even One precious human being from so fearful a fate, let my voice be added. Let them emigrate to New Guinea, where none sigh for Starched shirts, and buttons are unknown, but let them not hope to find,'' surcease from sorrow in wedlock. I know that some of my shrewd lady readers who "know all about" such matters will be ready' to devine from this' tbat I am about to be married. However, divinations are proverbially incorrect. Daring the holidays a good deal o! what, for want of a better name, might be called genteel larrikinism, has been visible tb the naked eye. We hear a lot of preaching about larrikinism in the colopies, but except in this particular branch I don't think it has come to such perfection beneath the Southern Cross as almost any older country oould show. Ruffianism is not so rampant a beast in Victoria, at all events, as in aome other countries that are "old enough to know better" than to tolerate it. But with the kind of offences committed by middle-class schoolboys and otbejra of that ilk Melbourne is very rife. In this respect the difference is so very great that there must be some cause not immediately apparent. What preventative, unknown here, is employed in England, Scotland, or Ireland ? A superficial philosopher in answer might talk profoundly (as is the wont of superficial people) about the effects of climate and food on character, and put such little eccentrioities as robbing gardens, exchanging gates, stealing fruit, or breaking windows, down to some moral deficiency. Nothing of the sort. It is a mere question of headgear. In Europe, boys of this class all wear belltoppers, with the name of the owner neatly pasted inside. Such an article being dropped or knocked off by the boughs of a tree insured detection so certainly that the rifling of gardens and orchar'ds was given up as a game not worth the candle. Iu the same tray the influence of this ungainly article of attire spread to the abolishing of most other delinquencies of the sort. Colonials— especially colonial youths—do not take kindly to the belltopper, so we shall just have to grin and bear it. The agitation over the unfortunate children in Mr. William Pollard's Juvenile Troupe .still continues. Much sympathy is expressed for the little ones, and,eome for the parents, whom nothing but the colossal bribe offered by Mr. Pollard could have induced to part with their offspring. Their parental yearnings were strong as death, and the separation tore. their very heartstrings, if we may judge by " the grief and olamour" they are making now," but still & shilling a week was held out, and they fell. They repent of their bargain now, they say, and wonder if it is possible to get substantial damages out of Mr. Pollard for breach of contract—merely to avenge the wrong done the children, of course. TAPLEY. 