?: '? Late Tei.ege.ams. INTERCOLONIAL. / l_IBOK OUB OWK OOBBBSPOKDBHTS.] The following telogromB arrived too lato (or intor ticn in yesterday's laauo.] Sidney, Thursday. T. W. Shepherd, a well-known botanist and sgriculturiit, and for many years agricultural '? editor of the Town and Country Journal, died . kit night after a long illnesi. The land Bill was further, considered in the Legislative Council yesterday. At the time the House adjourned the 17th clause had been passed. The discussions whioh took placo upon ' the clauses from 6th to 17th, were long in ?many respects, and dissimilar from the style of debate which marked the consideration of the ? debate- in the Assombly. Some of the clauses were amended, and a number of amendments proposed afterwards were withdrawn; so fur there has not been much indication of any intention on the part of the House to paBB the bill with the eipedit on expected. The House at rising adjourned till Tuesday, at 7 o'clock. In the Legislative Assembly yesterday, and directly the House met, Mr. Buchanan called attention to the presence of strangers, and the galleries were cleared in half an hour. When the reporters were admitted the formal busi ness had been transacted. The matters on the business paper being dealt with, Mr. A. G Taylor challenged the seat of Mr. Tiickett, the Minister for Public Instruction, on the ground that the 'Validating Act c-xpretsly exempted the Minister for Publio Instruction from the operation of the Act, and moved that the matter be referred to the Committee of Elections and Qualifications. After some discussion, the motion was negatived by 29 to 6. The motion for adjournment met ?with little support, and was quickly negatived, and the main pan of the sitting was devoted to ' a discussion of Supplementary Estimates for 1882 and previous years, which were eventually all agreed to as submitted. Another public meeting to express disap proval of the action of the Q-overnment iti the Anderson flogging case is announced to, do held in the New Masonio Hall to-morrow night. An old woman named Catherine Wallace -was lodged in Braidwood gaol 'by Constable Eraser under warrant of CQniJm'ttal for three months by Ul3- Araluen bench for using -obsoens language. She is a widow, and has -'-''Tbeen in the habit of running about Araluen, declaring that the ghost of her husband haunts her. About a fortnight ago, as a man was driving a team along the road, she suddenly Tuihod from behind a tree, and threw two large stones at him, fortunately without ?triking him. The people of Araluen assert she is mad, and ought to be sent to a lunatic Asylum, but nobody likes to take action in the matter. It is perfectly olear she is unfit to be at large, and should be put under restraint to prevent her injuring somebody. The weather is fine. 