BISHOP BARRY AT THE CATHEDRAL. Ihi- Primate, Dr Barry, preached an impressive Fcrmon yesterday morning, in St Andrew's Cathe dral, from the text, "To whom also He showed Himself nftcr his passion by many infallible proofs, being seen of ihem for forty days, and speaking of the things pertaining to the kingdom of God.'1 Such, ho sud, w.is the deserip ion of tiie relation of God to the disciples during the time between Euster nnd tho Ascension, -which eorrcponde i to this season of the churches her.;.. The life of that period was a life of transition — a link between that nrtural life of earthly ministry and future exaltation to glory on the right haul of God. He said if they had ever known what ii was to have intercourse with some puro, holy man —dear to them by tiis of friendship and kindred — -just when his reiul hovered on the confines of the other world, catching glimpses of it that they could not see, and looking upun tho things of th- earth with other eyes ihan theirs — thoy would know how deep and sorrowful was thl impression made on their soul's history. It iofc an impression which never passed away from tbe mind ai d heart, and thus they woul.l have some slight under- stond.ng of what those 40 days must have bc3.-i to tho disciples, in which they recoived some puculia teaching. Christ spoke :o them of the things ap pertaining to God, and declared the Kingdom of Heaven to be at hand. And in teaching and parables He drew out tho future lives of that Kingdom of Heaven, or in other words, he drew out the outlines of that Church cf Christ which was to be a great benefit here. Tiiov had in this teaching tho very highest and clearest view of the city whose builder was God, and that knowledge was the gift of the great day of Pente- , cust. This was teaching which as cjearly con cerned ihem as it concerned the disciples. The glimp-es that wore given them in the four go3p-;l- of that teaching, which was evidently long nnd continuous, were in each specially charactoriiti-: of peculiar phases anil periods of the Gospel oi1 St. John, described in from the 14th to the l'iti. chapters. Then, at the ci03c of the 28th chapter of St. Mntthew, spenldng on the eve of the ascen sion, in the familiar scenes of Galilee, of tbe great future o£ the disciples, Ho drew out what on- might call the whole chart of the Kingdom of God. His teaching there opened in a tone of royalty which no man — no created being— could endeavour to assume, "All power is given unto mo in heavi-n and earth." Then camo tbo charge, " Go ye, therefore, and teach all nations ;" anil th-h came the two-fold gift of Christ, " I'aptise in >he name of tho Father and of the Son and of tho Holy Ghost," which was the gift of tho new birth in Jt-r.uB Christ, by grace given and by grace sus tained. Then, lastly, there came these grand gifts : " Teach them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you, and, lo, I am with you alway. even unto the end of tho world." In these words oi our blessed Lord, the whole outline of the Church of Christ was drawn in its character a3 a universal kingdom in heaven and cartn,in tho vory adhesion of faith which drew all men unto it, and in the gift of the word and sacraments, which wero its treasure. They needed nothing more than this true gospel of the Kingdom which tno Church was spreading everywhere. Let them tur.rto the Gospel of St. Mark for a proof of the simplicity with which our Lord gavo the charge, " Go yc unto all the world, and preach the gospri to every crea ture. He that believetb, and is baptised, s-tall he- saved, but he that bclioveth not shall be damne-1 ' And let them note tbo vivid pinture of tho oxt nit of Divine power in the words, " In my name thev shall cast out devils." Jn these words, tbe iirstand last of St Mark's descriptions, exactly coire.-:poud- ing with the charge, " Heal the sick, cast nut devils," they had, the two-fvld work of the Church. If they avho professod to believe in the throne of God really did act upon their beliof, he said it would need no further miracle to conquer t-': world before they went to their rest. He then turned from tho practical Roman gospel to dwell upon the teaching of Christ pourtrayed in the gos pel written by tho evangelist of the highest educa tion, St. Luke, and to that of the oil n-m tie, Bt. John, who was inspired t-« writ a i & i.-.i to bring out phases and scenes of the Lord's life yet untouched, recording only wkat was necessary that men might know that Jesus was the Son of God, and that they might have life through Him. In conclusion, he asked them earnestly to study these pictures of our Lord's teaching in the tour' gospel?, and prayed that He might grant them all more and more as they grew older a full know ledge of Christ, and that they might look forward with sure and certain hop'e to tho perfection of that knowledge and hope. 