ECHOES OF MELBOURNE. [BY THIE GHnoSi.j At an early period of the last Parlia mentary session the honourable and gallant -Majpr who represents Ballarat aninoiencd that although he considered that while the -business which hal fallen in arrear during the lpreceding} liuistry. 5wal'bohsg etrnn actcedtit vdmyttio dirty of ie " LifAeral", members to support the Govdrsiment,`he 'shouild consider himself:ati libertyafter tlor prorogation to adopt any course he might deem it expedienutto take: Of course the he meaning of .tliis dtunciation was perfectly clear. Major Smith, who was ahl'ays incliided iii tie lists of the coalition team handed ; about by the qgidueces, discovered whou the numbers were up that he was not amiong the selected, and fancied himself-and sooth to say with some reisbn-thrown oviro by his in-. timate ally, Mr. Berry, in order to 1lease Mr. Service. It would hardly have been pontie:'to' - sit iiin stppositien, ane havingto".taken' back seat"' behinid 'the Treasury bench was decidedly infra dig in one who had 'so"often occupied the coveted phico of* honour immediately on the Speaker's right hand; ·Major Smith, it was generally reinarked by frequenters of the Assembly, never looked at home' in his rearward position. - It will not cause much surprise'therefore to hear that in pursuance of his intimation to the house Major Smith is ioctively engaged. in marshalling' the ranks of an Opposition, destined in the course of events, at a period more or. less remote, itself to assume the reins of office. Mr. MIirams is lending his aid, perhaps with a view at. some. opportu'ne time to "?jump". his friend's claim to the lead, for tlie member, for Collingwood: is am bitious, and one of'his fondestdreams is to convert the " Premier" Building Society, of whichlhoe is secretaryinto the "Promier's.' When the Assembly again meets,gentlemen' who face theo,l Ministry. will no longer doeem .it necessary when. migrating from tlie rqar,of the Government.to explain as did Mhr.' Richardson and two or.,three other lion. members--that they had ' simply changed their seats in order to be Able inore conveniently to hear the speeches of the representatives of the Government." Her Majesty's Opposition will when Parliament assembles in June next lmvoebecome "a poswer inthe State;," and Mr? Service and his colleagues swill find a few ;criuipled leaves "in their bed of roses." : ' - 'The truth of the old French nmeiim, whichl avers that it is never safe to pro phecy until after thii event, was' exemplifled in a marked manner on Saturday last. A metropolitan evenhig jourial' thlit prides itself on its smartness 'ventured to predict the morrow's weather. " It is steadily 'growing warmer," wrote this mtoeoiological '1 MiRlAdi,. "and' the toniperature is such as to encourago the abandonment' .of' superfluous-' clothing. ' The wind, 'hlas shifted most decidedly to the emit, and it is probable that : a full north wind will be blowing to-morrow." Phis "tip". was about as correct as the generality of " tips" turn out to be. 'So far from the wind changing to the northward, it blow a strong'southerly gale within three hours of the time of the enunciation of the sveatlor prophet, and the next day was the coldest third of February ever experienced in Victoria. It is plain that in search of falso prophets there is no need to travel as far as the Soudan. Some would-be philosopher has placed on record the opinion that pleasures cheaply earned are never appreciated; and that the dearer we pay for our amusement the more we 'value it. And a great number of people, too- indolent perhaps to be at the trouble of contradicting, and-as the mul titude renorally is-ready to accede to any proposition, however falacious, so it be but boldly and persistently uttered, lend credit to the assertion. Their faith in the'so-called axiom would most assuredly have been subjected to a shock quite as severe as any suffered in the very latest railway collision had they chanced during the last week to have journeyed to Geelong. There the announcement that "Dr." Anna Potts intended to deliver a lecture, to which the admittance was free drew together the largest audience that ever graced the interior of the hall of the Mechanics Institute of " the Pivot." So pleased was "the doctor " at the attend ance, that on the next evening she gave another gratis exhibition, at which the number of visitors was in excess even of that at the former gathering. Next night there was a charge for admission, when only some fifty people paid at the doors! Does not this prove conclusively the un truthfulness of the old saying about cheap pleasures ? Believe me, there are others besides the Gilpin family, who in the matter of amusements have "a frugal mind." "Dead heads " are not so dead as their name would imply. Notwithstanding the ungallant conduct of the Medical Board of Victoria in re fusing to recognise the medical credentials of Mrs. Anna Potts, and to place that lady's name among the list of persons licensed to cure—or kill—in Victoria, the unauthorised she-medico interviews and prescribes for a large number of patients. One of the leading Melbourne practitioners was asked the other day why "the pro- fession" did not take steps to prevent the continuance of what in some quarters is re- garded as a usurpation of vested rights. "Why don't you institute proceedings ?" queried a friend. "Heaven forbid," re plied the son of Esculœpius, and closing one eye and placing the first digit of his right hand alongside his nose (after the approved, and ancient fashion of jokists), he added, "Why, you see, the more patients she has, the more business for us." Which answer—not to put too fine a point on it, as the saying is—is rather rough on the Philadelphian M.D. The recent murder at .Pettavel, near Geelong, .still remains an unsolved mys tery. A couple of i detectives are making enquiries in the neighbourhood of the late Mr. Beah's farm, but apparently with no result. . That. the perpetrator of such a crime,' coinmitted with- the utmost bolhd: ness, shotild so long be 'indiscovyeld lis somewhat strange. It ias't a pleasant thought on retiring to rest to imagine one may be disturbed in one's first sleep, re ceive five fatal shots from a revolver, and thit no one should be able to find out who fired them. The good people.of Warrnambool called upon to choose a parliamentary relreson tativeoto replacethe late Mr. J. G. Francis are siutifisig fro)n'an emsbdrras do richosse, No fewer than four local candidatg, all prbfessingto o-be good' 'onstitiitsicalJists the term "Conservativa?? having, since the formation of the Coalition Government became obsolete-are' wooing the 'voices of the worthy Wsrrnanibudlitns,and Mr. C.0R. Blacket, the whelom member for Fitzroy,ig also being pressed to take the field,, A colonial Hans Breitman, in refefcggsc tothe not long -since all powerful "Liberal"' party might fairly ask the questi'n; '-WWhere is thatp;srty now ?'" Andif there were an Irish,' echo anywhere handy, t?lQ reply would assuredly 'be,' "Nnwhber'e.? Since Mr. Berry's defection " Liheralisn,". as understood by that gentlenoqu and his followers, has collapsed, Major Smith, MEr. Mirauxs, Mn, Mackay, Mr. Richardson, look meos.political " Guys" in the cast-off mantle of the member for Geolong. Of the SVictorian popular party,i it may most truly be said that it-is, at the present momQgst sans:head,.sans tail, sans middle, sa.raovedry thingl' ' \- The result of the trial of Messrs. Gibbs and Robbin; lately in business as mining and general'agents, on a charge 'of larceny as bailees, would hardly' be worthy of special notice except for the fact that it is lsoe first "case brought 'under a late act wvhieh constitutes the prnotioof fwhlich the firim was guilty an iudiltable offence, 'and for the social position 'of the two gentle 'men who have each received a sentence of 12 months' imprisotiment. One of the de linquents was a regular habitue' of "tlh? Block," which in future will know him no more. A considerable 'isnount of syns pathy is felt'for both prisoners. r. If there be such a feeling as thankful ness for small mercies, it should certainly be experienced by Melbourno play-goors at the terminition of what is literally the rsilly:"seasoun"- in the theatricadl- world. The Christmas pantomimes, after drawinsg their weary length of. bad pulns' 'and execrable' " loa?- jokes through . sosm seven ti;esouse weeks, have been with tirawn. At the Bijou, the drama--moie or l,6s legitimate--has succeeded Ali' Baba, and at the Royal, Aladdin will disport lier somewlhat fully developed figure for the last time on: Saturday next. , "Impulsoe" still continues to draw good audieosco% i the Princess, where the introduction of the electric light ias unmterially added to the comfort of the somewhat antiquated place of amusement. At the Opera, Dr. Sil vester, the Fakir of Oolu, is renewing his "relined and humorous entertainment" to quote his advertisement-and nightly delighting his patrons by dismembering )iia, "ntranced ladies.';i Prbfessor and "Iis's Louise Aniderson are, to borrow their own iffotlight phraseology, "doing good bhfsiiess" at the Victoria Hall. -Feb. 8 .. 