LETTERS TO THE EDITOR; THE LATE DEAN DWYER, AND THE O'FARRELL TRT*L. (to ihb bditob.) Sib, — On 8aturday last, although suffering great pain f rom ^sciatica, I read with care' the funeral addresB on tho late Dean Dwyer, which was delivered by tho Kov. D. P. Quirk, M.A., O.S.B. The addrsos was solemn and grand, doing justice, and offering a faithful tribute to a good man whose labour has terminated on this earth. It is now over twenty years since I waa introduced to Father John Dwyer. I was struck with his imposing, gentlomanly bearing ; his handsome jfoatures, which wore lighted up every bime I mot him with a benign smile ; this, along with his frank, manly manner, caused me to I form a very sincere regard for him as a man and | as an educated gentleman. But tho Rev. D. P. 1 Quirk, in his faithful address, touohed upon a | subjeot, connected with Father John Dwyor's I position as Chaplain of Darlinghurat Q-aol, j Sydaey, which vividly brought to my memory this noble-minded man's act on this trying occa sion. I will give you the Eev. D. P. Quirk's own words, when alluding to this matter in his address, and afterwards will state what I know of tho affair, as few know it better. The Rev. j Mr. Quirk states :— ' In another sphere of charitable work, in at tending the prisoners in Dariinghurat Q-aol, the late Dean Dwyer manifested in a special manner his zeal and goodness. As the chaplain of the gaol, he by his own gentleness and sweetness of disposition softened many a hard, wild, and stormy nature, and while ministering comfort and courage among the unfortuDatemen who were atoning for their offences, he turned many a despairing heart to Grod. And speaking of his connection with Darlinghurst G-ao), an episode in his life comes to my mma. we cannot lorgec his noble courage when, in Bore days of trial and peril to the peace of the community in this his native land, — when unscrupulous politi cians made the condemned cell of a dying madman the scene of the, concoction of a conspiracy against the loyalty of the Catholics of this country, — whon tho very sanctity of death was invaded, and the last moments of an unfor tunate maniac used to wring accusations from his brain for the purpose of sowing seeds of dis cord and Btrife broadcast throughout tho colony, we cannot Eorgefc, I say, that in that moment of difficulty and danger he was daring and bold enough to cross the path of those who were seek ing our dishonour, and by unmasking their vile treachery and exposing it in its nakedness, pre vent the mischief and evil which would have been felt throughout the bngth and breadth of Aus tralia.' This truthful; statement is beautifully put by the Rev. Mr. Quirk, and I will now take tho liberty to add what 1 know of the metter. Mr. Porkes, now Sir Henry Parkes, was Colonial Secre tarv during the time of the Duke of Edinburgh's visit to Sydney, and after the unfortunate attack made upon the Prince's life by the maniac O'Farrell, Mr. Parkes, instead of doing what he could to show that the attack was the act of a madman, did all in his power to trade on the occurrence, to sow the seeds of secterian bitterness and discord broadcast throughout the colony ; which in many cases has supplied a crop of shame and degradation, which since came home with a whirlwind of disgrace upon tho heads of some of the leading actors in this unholy attempt to bring dishonour on honest men. Unfortunate O'Farrell was visited in hio con* demned cell by the Colonial Secretary, who brought with him a reporter from the leading daily paper, and he secretly had him concealed near tho cell door. Then in tho raoat inoidioua manner Mr. Parkes commenced! the conversation. O'Farrell saw the shadow of this reporter who was lying in wait to do this dirty work for his employer, and being a well educated man, ho determined to lead both Parkes and the reporter, what I will call a Will-o-the-wiap chase. After answering a string of questions in a frank manner, he was aaked (a^ well as I remember) ' wore there, many Fenians in Sydney ?' O'Farrell replied,' A great number.' 'Where wore they to ba found?' 'In and around Mafquarie-Btreet.' ' Was this a fact ? ' ' Yes.' ''' Where did they generally assemble ?' ' In the Legislative Assembly, the Premier bein# the head centre, and the Colonial Secretary his lieutenant.' This settled the business, and these two highminded, honourable men crept away — muni being the word. However, murder will out, and some one got hold of the conversation, which was supplied to the late Mr. Samuel Ben nett, a brave, fearless, honest man, and tho nest morning it appeared in his paper. Phow ! Thut day there was joy in this oity, but thunder in the Assembly. Mr. Parkos was not to be out-done — he concocted tho Kiama Ghost story, hinted at a terrible conspiracy being hatched, which ha designated as a rfnew crime,' and broadly hinted that the police had their eyes on a lot of men who would soon bo within his grasp. A panic seemed to seize the people ; and this day, when I remember some of tbo mon who became regular sycophants during those days 01 criai, uuu wno now air tuem Belves in the sunshino of public opinion, and would wish to pasa as patriots, it makes mo Bick. But I am thankful to say thero wero some sterl ing men who stood in the gap, aud tho late Dean Dwyer was one of them. O'Farreli's last day now drew nigh, and tho night before hia execution he wrote a letter to Mr, Parkes, which was not to be delivered or openod until he was dead. This became known in town, and there was great, excitement inconsequence. Mr. Parkos, in hie position aa Colonial Secretary, in hia place in Parliament, stated that he held in his hand tho bonfession of the executed man O'Farrell, which revealed a frightful state o£ affairs. Mr, William Maoleay challenged him to read the document. Mr. Parkes refused to do so, as it was a matter of too much importance to the Stato, and again in n !: mysterious iranher alluded to this terrible, 'now crime.' Mr. Macleay still kept at him, twitting him with a desire to work on the feelings of the people, and by so doing possibly being the cause of blood being shed. Tho Colonial Secre tary held tho document in hio hand, and doolarod, the contents wore of such grave importance he could not possibly road it to the AQOombly. Thon, said Mr. Macleay, ' I will road if; for you,' at the same time talcing a lotter from hie pocket and reading the contents, finiohing by caying it was a true and attested copy by tho unfortunate man who wroto ifc of tho document Donfc to tho Colonial Socrcter-y. Mr. Macloay handed Mi1. Bennett tho paper tor publication, which was duly inserted in tho E:\rriRE, end it contained nothing more than a rogrot for what O'Favroll had done. Talk about a hyena being in a rngo ! Mr. Perkcs was ropeablo ; tho gaol officials from Mr. Eeid down v/ere to bo dismissed. Who supplied Mr. Maclcay with this let | tor ? Mr. Macloay refused to toll. No ono could tell how the thing occurred ; but whon Father John Dwyer found innooent men wore likely to suffer, he, liko a fcruo man, took the whole blame on his shoulderc. Ho lost the chap laincy of tho gaol, but he unmc.Dked tho vilest conspiracy that vas ever hatched agoinnt the j Irish raco, by a man v/ho would, 'or hie own Del fish endo, stop at nothing to accomplish hio pur pose. This brave act alvmyo endeared Father John Dwyer to my heart ; and the Iriohman in New South Wales who could forget this noble act ia unworthy of the country ho ccmo from. I would rejoice fco hear o£ a fitting monu ment being erected to fchc memory of Dean Dwyer, whon I will willingly con tribute to the same, aa far ac I am able. You will pardon me for writing do long a letter — my heart is full, and I may never havo another chance of putting truths before the public which may not bo generally knov/n. Eearjeetinp unfortunate O'Farreli's trial, I am prepared to atfceat this statement : — The Saturday evening before the trial, which commenced the Monday following, I was going along George-street, near Park-street with my only sou. A man, whom I knew, called me, and asksd me ' what I thought of O'Farrell ?' I replied, he is as mad ao a marsh hare. He aaid, ' He is nothing of the kind.' I replied, that was simply a difference of opinion. Ee then aoked me, ' Are you au Orangeman *' I replied, No. ' Are you a North of Ireland man ?' No. ' But you are a Protestant ?' I replied yea, black at the roof of tbo mouth. This I added to convince him of my sterling Profceatantiom, for if I told him I was merely a Protestant, without intimating the true breeding o£ the type (the canine or rathor the bloodhound) which I afc once saw he belonged to, I would not have passed muster. He laid his hand on my shoulder, and said, ' I am to be on the jury.' ' Oh thon,' said I, ' you will cook his goose.' 'I will,' eaid this ruffian. My fii'Bt impulse was to strike him. I felt sick at heart to hear a fellow boasting oC taking an unfortunate man/a lire before he was f-.vior] T nnnrrVti: rmr nnn IStt frl-m Tinnr3 oyirl Vinvwtorl away from ouch a monster. Whon I wont homo, I told my wife what occun'ed, and addod that I would go and see Mr. Dalley, the junior counsel for O'Farrell and. tell what I hoard,, I went across by Darlmghursfc, and on my way by William' street, I met a gentleman with whom I was intimately acquainted, whoaokedme' whorol was going ?' I told him, and also my miooion. Ho replied, 'you will not bo able to soo Mr. Dalloy this evening, he has gone out to dino, but I will see him to-morrow morning and deliver tho mes sage.' I aeked him to promise mo faithfully to do so. Ho did, and I went homo satisfied that I did all in my power to espooe such frightful con duct. On the Monday following, to my horror, I found this man was on the jury ; and Mr. Dalby never received my message. Well, I have lived long enough to know, that from whatever cause people may attribute it, nearly everyoao that was in undue haste to have thio unfortunate man's life taken has cut up very badly, and Gomo have fallen very low. I could name many, but I will leave this matter to a future time ; or perhaps, when I am dead and gone, come one else will chronicle tho particulars o£ what I merely allude to respecting these people ; and no doubt, as from timo to time they pass away, the terrible attempt to criminate tho entire Catholic community and brand them aa conspirators will bo remembered. And at such times, let ouch men an the lato William Forstcr, Doan Dwyor, and tho noble hearfcod Hon. W. Macleay, who, I am thankful to oay, io still amongst us, never bo forgotten ; for they stood true as steel to tho Irish community at a time whon they wero required. I am, &c;, TIMOTHY FOG: ARTY. Sydney, April 26, 1884. 