ECHOES AND RE-ECHOES. THE ATTACK ON THE FORT. [BV ONE OP OUBS] Twas nate an' aisy in the day We rousthered thick an Bthrong. Wid thirty rounds of carthridge blank, An' shtepped onr way along. Twas moighty hot that silf-same day, An' made afcbe sturdy heart Besolve to shtand the burnin' thirst, Nor moind the wather-cart. Bould Mathews, wid his warlike eear, Was mounted on his shteed, And like another Willineton, He tuk, bedad 1 the lead Of thim brave boys wf d tbim big guns They call artillery, And Mahin, Madley, an' the rest Were wid the infantry. We ehtepped it out wid aisy stride. An made a bould array Enough to frighten any foe That we moight meet that day. The Major-Gin'ral, sbtern was be, An' eyed the V.M.F. Wid all the pride of Wolseley's self, An' seemed convenient deaf To rude remarks of larrykins About his soger rout, An' how they kep their shoulders back And stuck their stommicks out. " There's bandy legs" says one, bedad; " Axebandles," sez the nixt; An' thin they'd shtart a big guffaw At swords that got betwixt The legs ov nervous officers, An' nearly med thim swear; Asproud as paycocks they would strut Fornint the army there. 'Twas moighty hard, that twel' mile marsh,' An' harder too, I think, To pass so many timpting pubs An' niver shtop to drink. The wather-carts was close behind, Bnt whisky not a sup; An' if a man drinks wather nate 'Tis hound to knock him up. But thin the foigbt I—great Caysar's ghost! — A shindy nate was it, Except for bullets being scarce, An not a head to hit. We tuk the fort, and Mathews bould Marched in wid all his foorce ; The Major-Gin'ral he marcbed out, Surrenderin' av coorse. 'Twas moighty plisiut in a way The Gineral to bate, By ralson of the pravious fact That he has won of late. An' Mathews he was proud indade, Wid all a conq'rer's look, As if wid jUBt a " bit of shtick" He'd bate all Donnybrook. " But, Moike,' sez he, sez Moike to me, " Me heart's loike heavy lead To think that such a day should pass Widout a broken head." Hugh Kalyptus says suitors-atlaw, and such of the general public as are not bound by the expressive band of custom, will no doubt hail with gladness the departure in the direction of jocularity first instituted by Mr. W. R. Wigley in his memorable judg ment in the great seal caBe, and followed np by Mr. J. M. Stuart in his decision re the two and twopenny case of the Commissioner of Railways against Harry. It lets in the light of liveliness through the musty, dusty medium of the law, and takes the hard edge off the majesty of justice. Mr. Wigley was satirical and funny; Mr. Stuart was learned and ively. Both of them Bhould be hired r a season by the Young Men's Christian Association to lecture upon " The law of liveliness" or "Coke comically considered." Either of them would draw better than Buchanan or General Sheridan. The law courts might even become popular as Garner's Assembly Rooms or the Academy of Music. The several members of the Bar are rather given to forensic fun of a peculiar order, but except in the case of one or two irrepresible and daring wits their sense of humour has often to be kept in check in deference to the decorum demanded by the Court; but now that we have facetious remarks and funniment from the fount of justice itself, we may hope for a revival in the law. Hitherto it has been customary to laugh obediently and decorously when any of the rare judicial jokes are let fall, but now we may indulge in the hearty guffaw without the risk of rebuke. If the Bench jokes, the Bar may pun, and the suitors poke practical foolery "at each other. Before this the unwritten law was, " Till the Bench unbends, let no man laugh," but now I shall expect the law reports to read like the "Eacetia" column of the Family Herald, or a page out of "Titbits." The Q.C. as the tail of a learned lawyer's name, will stand for " Quizzical Counsel," and B.A. for "Bantering Associate." Behold the Bench to banter fly, With light of laughter in each eye, And o'er the musty page of Cote Deliver some delirious joke Till Bar and suitors roll in fun, O'er each forensic feast of fun. 