SitniceIaiieowu. Granmdmotichr Gray.:. S By Moe. ?M. L. lArEc. ' I T i'etTommy Gray.fully? a p'0reiata tho fact thiat his'breadwas butteredsn both sides for' whenhe got.:into a street riot with Charlie Wilson, who"''tbreatenod to tell Tommy's father and 'get him- an "allofired liokin'," Master Tommy just ran off saying:: ' "Dassn't I' I've'got a grandmother tow hoiie:" Tommy's grandmdther was the kind of a womnan who is all fire and fame in youth and all ashes.of- rose in old age. She had been a beauty once, but' there was nothing to show. for it but " the tender grace of a day that was dead." Wrinkles had taken the place, of dimples, her eyes had burned themselves out; her cheeks were shrivelled, and as for teeth she had only two in her head. "But, thank the Lord, they are opposite t'each other," said Grandmother Gray. She had a lap for the children, too--most grandmothers don't have any lap-and shie sung them to sleepefery night. Tommy had made. her promise in an.unguarded moment that she would rook him to sleep until hoewas 21\. She seemed in a fair way to do it, but she reposed his overgrown feet and limbs on a ehair'and fondled the curly head till he had just "awakeness" left,'after his'grand matin vespers, to enable him to steer straight to bed. The songs she sung were very funny ones, or very sorrowful. They were either of the "ti rooral-to.loo" order. or like " Hark, from the tombs a doleful sound." What Tommy liked most was the Scotch ministrelsy. Heonever tired 'of "Over the water and over the lea, And over the water to Charley.. Oh, Charloy loves good ale and. wine . And Charley loves good brandy,. And Charley loves to kiss the girls : As sweet as sugar candy." Tommy thought there.was an educational difference between him and Charley, but bhe made no comment for fear of being' deprived of the music. On Sundays hoe sang:: "I'm wearin' awe, Jean, Like soaw wreath in thaw, Jean, I'm wearin' awa To the land o' the leal." "An' what is the leal,' grandmother?." Tommy would ask. And the egcd woman would fix hder sad, tired, patient eyes on Othe blue beyond' and" make answer in her low, quavering, voice: "It's aye to be true, ma boy, true to your king, true to your God, and owor true to yoursel'." The old lady had'some quaint ways. One of these was always to attend the grandest ohurch in the parish, where. a oelebrated divine preached in the modern vernacular of amended theology.' ' " Why do' you goe'to hear so diflmulta preacher?"' someone asked the old lady. " Do you understand him?" '" . • "Na," she answered, "I diiina hear a word that he says." "Then what pleasure can yougetou of his sermons.". "Child I" answered . the 'old "lady re verently, "Eoii't I see' the holy wng: ofhis head?" "Is there a pot of gold at the end of the rainbow, 'grandmother ? " that gracelees Tommy would ask.-: "Aye, child." "And docesanybody find it?" " Aye, many. And: they go far first. It's not in the fleshyou'll find what lies hid at the end of the rainbow." She could tell time' by the flowers and the, sun. ' She had' seen a ghost. She could find Job's cofln in the sky. .She had a charm for bruises and cuts. It was like entertaining an angel unawares to have this dear old lady with them, for, under her little superstitions, lay a grand soul. 'One day' she counted her years and said " I'm gettingoold." ' S"Nonsense;,mother," they laughed at her. "You are'only a girl of 80." "I remember when I was 18, and had rose=" on my cheeks," she said, "I wonder when they will ever be there again." ' One night the children went into her room to be rooked. ' She sat in the'twilight, and the lamp was unlit. She sent them away;, first kissing them all around., She kissed Tommy twico he looked like his grandfather whose' likeness she hadworn i.a breastpin for forty years.' '! I'm expectin' company," she said to them. " Gang your ways, and God's blessing go with ye.'::: It was Tommy who jumped up in the night from a fearful dream:and ran into grandmother's room for comfort. She still sat in the window. At least her figure was there, but Grandmother Gray had gone away with her company. . 