CRUMBS. Hanlan is confident that he can beat Beach. Narandera is petitioning for a munici pality. Land revenue at Grenfell for past quarter; £3,135/2/9. The plate-layers on the Gundagai line are within four Miles of Muttama. Don't forget Mr. J. Bourke's important saie at naruen on zota instant. Some good specimens have been obtained by Donnelly Brothers at the Kimo Eeefs. A concrete wicket is being laid down on the Gundagai cricket ground. Mr. A. A. Turner has the contract. Mr. Melrose, the surveyor, has reached as far as Mrs. Jeffrey's place, on the out skirts of Tumut, with his railway survey. The civil servants at Gundagai have decided to form themselves into a 'social' club. Selling-off ! Selling-off ! The last week ! Bargains! Bargain ! at J. M. Dodd's. Don't forget. ' Have you got the rent ready at last?' ' No, sir ; ma went out washing, and jforgot to put it out for you before she left.' M-How do you know she forgot to put it out?' ' Well, she told me so.' The Orient steam ship company has presented the Gundagai Literary Institute with a very handsomely bound volume called ' The Orient Line Guide, or chapters for travellers by sea and by land.' In Orange a ploughman became enamoured of a milkmaid on a neighbouring selection. His addresses were rejected; and the disap pointed swain, full of melancholy and ven geance, procured a rope, went to the farm, and — tied all the cows tails together. 'You did not pay very close attention to the sermon this morning.' ' Oh, yes, I did ma.' ' Well, what did the minister say?' 'He said that the picnic would start on Thursday morning; and oh, ma, can I g°?' The Fenians in Paris announce that James Stephens, ex-Fenian Head- Centre, and Mr Gallagher propose to visit America for the purpose of advocating the Irish cause there. It is expected that the British authorities will demand the extradition of the Fenians con cerned in the Scotland Yard outrage. A well-digger played ' a great trick on his neiehbours. When he had duer down about 20 feet the well caved in just as he got out. He then hung his coat near and wan dered away. The neighbours found the coat, and supposing the digger to be at the bottom, cleaned out the well; and when they got through, the man up himself drove with cribbing. More than prayers were said for him. The Waterman had too much tongue for Mrs. Gamp on Wednesday night. She was obliged to haul back and go in for a free lather of soap. Some fun might have been expected had the Waterman got on the boards ; his fluent tongue would have thrashed the old lady most mercilessly. Mr Charles Tyson, of Juanburg station, died on Monday, and his funeral, which took place at Tugora station, was the largest ever seen in that district. The blackfellows walked in front of the procession, and deceased's horse, Telegraph, was led behind the hearse. The deceased gentleman was universally liked. A story is told of a Scotchwoman who tried to wean her husband trom the public-house by employing her brother to act the part of a ghost and frightened John on his way home, ' Wha are you ?' said the guidman, as the apparition rose before him from be hind a bush. ' I am Auld Nick,' was the reply, ' Come awa,' man,' said John, nothing daunted; ' 'gie's a shake o' yer hand— I am married tae a sister o' yours.' The British Government is in receipt of telegraphic despatches, from the Mudir of Dongola giving details of the massacre of Colonel Stewart and party. The intelligence shows that the whole party were put to instant death, with the exception of fifteen, who were retained . as prisoners. General Lord Wolseley has telegraphed to the Mudir, ordering him to despatch a body of native troops to Merawe, in the vicinity of the Nile below the fourth cataract, with the object of rescuing the captives, who are believed to be in that neighbourhood. Lord Wolseley has also instructed the Mudir to try to obtain the release of the men by ransom is necessary. The Grenfell Record very properly denounces the paltriness.of the Government Printing Office in competing with the Gren fell office for the printing of 300 copies of the by-laws for the local council. It is really monstrous that the Government Printer should come into competition with private enterprise. If this is to continue, then the vote for the Government printing establish ment should be resisted. The Grenfell Record _wili not be doing its duty if it does not bring this matter under the notice of the Assembly. The following are the par ticulars : — A few weeks, ago, the Municipal Council of Grenfell wrpte to the Government Printer, asking his charge for printing 300 copies oi the council s by-laws (which appeared in a supplementary Gazette of 6tn August), and a reply was received to the effect that the work could be done for £3. The work was then offered to the proprietor of the Record, provided he would do it at the price named, but he having refused, the council very properly decided to go to the cheapest market. For . the information of the trade, we may state that the composition alone would cost £3/5/, there being 65,000 in the job; in addition to this we may add * 18/- for reading, making up, maohmery, paper, &c.; , making a total of £4/3/, for wages and material alone, without allowing for profit, wear, and tear, and other. items usually taken into consideration in .compu tations of this kind. 