THE SURVIVAL OF 8FPEB STITIONS. A EUB3OT73 case of tho survival of madiooval superatition in a oiviliaed country was- recently revealed in a magistrate's court in rural Ire land. Two joung peasant worsanj named .Ullon Cushion and Anastasia Bourke, of comely ?appearance and not exceptionally ignorant, wore prongnt up onarged with gross oruelty towarda a little girl three years old. They had availed thernsolvos of the absence of tho parents to take the tiiild away from its home, and apparently without tho slightest qualm of pity, toplace it on &? hot shovel, and keep it there* until it was dangerouoly if not fatally burned. It appenrs that vho child had become what i» called: in Ircluad a ' fairy clmng-rling ; ' and their henoafc but benighted purpose had beon to ox'.ircieo tho evil spirit which had entered its infantile person. The girl was deforced and crippled, and this seems to ha70 been the circumstance which convinced tho women of ile- supernatural origin. In inflicting .the oruolty t-hoy did, thoy only followed what is a rootod'iuperstilion in aome parts of Ireland. It is thoroughly believed by muny of tho ignorant imaginative peasantry that fairies, both-good and bad* actually ' revinit tho glimpses- ot the moon,' and play all sorts of good or ill-natured prauiw upon mortals. TheBO fairios, Off elves, ure thought to be exceedingly email and light, and to-httTe the power of voluntary invisibility. Thoy aro said to dwell in picturssijr.o cavcB underground, or beneath the limpid water of Erin's- lakes j and sometimes the peasants imagine that thoy hear the elves discoursing sweetest musio in the subterranean depthB. One of the favourite tricks of the evillydis posed elves is to enter a house through chimney or keyhole, take away the ohildren, and ivplaoe them with elf-ohildren, to whom tho people givekhe name of ' fairy ohanirelings.' Ireland ia not the only civilised region where tho teeming Buperatitions which had their rise in the Middle Ages Btill lurk -and linger. In England, and especially in Sootland, thobistorio hobgoblin still holds his own in many a nook and; oornerof the land. The Sootoh' brownie,' corresponding to tho ' banshee ' of tho Irish, etilli alarms the denizens of the remoter- High land faBtncasei, Ghost lore is eagerly credited in tho rural regions of Southern England. Many an Italian peasant still devoutly ehrinka from the ' mal' ocohio,' and the ' evil eye ' also on occasion disturbs the slumbers- of the Devon hind. The Germans are, perhaps, the least superstitious of European peoples; yet thoro is aoarcely a locality in the Fatherland where phantom tales do not cluster around hoary Bohlosses or solitary houses, devoutly believed in by the grape-growerB and farmers Suporstition, it need not be Baid, is also rife in tho pagan Oriont, and. there, sad to say, it oftonest takes cruel and Tengoful forms. There is, perhapB, not a country in Europo* or Asia |where tho belief in witohoraf t is wholly extinot. Jjess than SO years ago, an old Frenchman, ao Mueed of witchery, was lynohed by an English ?mob in a country town. ' Such thingo-havo hap ,penod in rural Franco at a much more recent period. A few years- ago, at Nagpore, two Hind .03 woro condemned to penal aorvitude for lUo becauio they savagely put to death no loss than eight persons whom thoy declared to be witches, who ha'l cast thoir spolla ovtr the faithful ot tho neighbourhood. On this nido of tho eea, it is scarcely neomsuy to add, the physician and the philosopher onoountor both gross and subtle forma of suporetition. Tho contribution, for example, made by- thoSouthern coloured people to a summary of»puroly Amori ean types of Buperatition is. both largo and striking., — Bostci* Advertiser-. Fhhnoh Sa^itibt AaBANOaMBNTa, — An exohango saya.s— A. few facta rospeoting the sanitary arrangements of tho Frenoh capital may prove of interest, as ahown.in an able work, reoontli issui'3, by M. Wazgn, Tho total avail ablo daily »upply of water is about 100 million gallon*, whioh, for a population of between 2i und 2\ milhoiiB, ho considers to bo quite inade quato. Botwcen 1876-.and 1831 the number of inhabitant ro»o from. 1.9S&..000 to 2,240.000, at whiohMto of inciaaBe it will bo probably 2J millionit in 188G. Xhe supply of water would, then bo about forty gallons per head per diem, This a higher proportion than Londoners obtain, but it is fur interior to tho supply of Marseilles, which onjoya 18'i)- gallons a hoad per day. Although tho cesspool s-yatom still exists in tao city, tho Cumhufsioners. proposed in 1881 a temporary improvement in the use of mcJallio cwapoDb, cont'iining firoin CO foot to 200i feet oubo, to bo omptiod by the proisure of tho air ; but tho cost oi emptying thoso wookly would be enormrjUf.irNspi- ctiv« of tho expento of- provid ing and fixing acosBpoolreoeptaolo. Th» amount of household und Btroet refuse perdojui PariBi's 2,000 cubic metres, or 54.000 oubio feet, whioh is removed by ODacarta. Tho lutofonthit) oxpon dituru v;iriea freni Id to 7d. pet lineal yard of building frontigo.andin 188Oproduoed£104,000, tho who le oost-oc oloaneing beieg £213,'0O0. AU houses in.Faria are obliged to delivor the rein wutor and houtehold waste into the sewers, the municipality providing that every etroet less than Gu feet wide muot havo ono sowor, and that BtreotB over that width amtt ha,vp OQB IPWCI on (twh tide of tuo way, 