8F0KTIMG NOTES. By " Newmarket." Quife a crowd thronged outside the , sanetum o! the -V.R.C. on Monday last to view Mr. Barnard's adjustment of the New market Handicap and Australian Cup. The new rule affeotiug the minimum weight in all uauuiunB una ueuBsgibuteu u xuguer commencement than that of last year, when 9sS 101b was the top weight for the Cup, and 9st 51b for the Handicap. The honour of owning the two best horses in Australia is accorded to the Hon. W. Pearson, as Fryingpan is awarded the pride of place in the short distance event, while Commotion heads the list in the Cup. As an effort of handicapping, M r. Barnard is to be congratu lated for having made a fairly even adjust ment, though of course there is the usual amount of dissatisfaction by those owners who consider their horses have been harshly used. Fryingpsn displayed such unmistakable superiority at the late Victorian Club meet ing, that Mr. Barnard oould hardly have given him less than lOst 81b in the New market Handicap, though I fancy Welcome Jack at a difference of 151b holds him quite safe. Larpent andBoolka at 9sfc 71b do not impress me, albeit the latter demonstrated his ability to oarry that burden when he won the V.A.T.C. St. Patrick's Handicap, heating King Charles, Squireen, fhe Ghost, and other speedy animals. Morpeth at 9st 51b, should not be hard to beat, bus Chuckster at lib less ought to. render a good account of himself, if he comes to the pest in anything like his New Year's Day form. Royal Irishman at 9st 31b has been fairly smothered with weight, and I am not surprised to hear that his owner scratched him directly he saw the weights. If Segenhoe is ever going to retrieve his reputation, he is afforded an opportunity when placed lib below the South Australian horse. Soldier Boy at 9st is not badly used, nor is Phantom at 31b less, though I prefer the chances of Napier at 8'st 101b to either. Squireen oould not get a place l&6t year with 7st 91b, therefore I can't have him on this occasion with 131b more on his 'back. Malua and Country man are both very speedy, and neither | ought to be troubled with 8st 71b. ; I fancy, however, that Bassanio at 7at 131b ' holds most of those above him pretty Bafe. j Claptrap is another who should render a good, account of himself with 7st 121b ; and< if . Liberator can be brought to his two-year -old i form, 7st llib ought not to trouble him. Further down the list, Saionara, Emiliue, ; Middlemarsh, Cassiopeia, and Precious Stone j read like wincing chances. However, at ; present I have a decided preference for j Chuckster. Estimated on his Melbourne Cup running, Commotion is by no means out of the Aug- ; tralian Cup with lOst 51b. I fancy, how- j ever, that he will be reserved for the Champion. Navigator at 9at 121b does not j impress me. Calma is said to be able to | negotiate the distance in very fast time, still : I fancy 8st 131b will prove too much for him. | Martini-Henri is a master of 8st 121b, though ; I daresay his owner will prefer sending him 1 for the Champion. Sweet William at 8st 9ib ought to have a chance, and if Euclid can be got thoroughly fit ; Sat 21b would not prevent him from winning. Pollio and Ringwood at S>t and 7st. 13lb respectively, are well in, and eo is Sardius at 7st 121b. There seems to be no doubt now that Archie ie a non- stayer, therefore he is not to be relied upon, though if it is a slow-run race there are more unlikely things than the son of Rapidity getting a situation. Wheatmeat is nicely weighted at 7st 5lb, and so is Merman. Of ; the others, I like Doncaster and Hobart, but | before attempting to venture anything like a 1 tip, I shall watch how the various candidates ; acquit themselves on the training-ground. j j The Geelong Racing Club meeting will be I concluded to- day, and, as there is every .. probability of a continuance of the glorious weather which was experienced on Thursday, those who can get awa/ from the city should avail themselves of the opportunity of . a really pleaeant and healthy outing. There will be ample railway accommodation provided, as two special trains will leave Spencer street station for the course. The first train, which stops at all stations en route, will start at 9.50 a.m., and the next is timed to go at 10.50 a m., running direot to the raceoourse platform. A start will be made with the Barwon Stakes, and of Jthe quartette engaged, public favour points to Antoinette. The St. Albans stable, however, b&3 three representatives out of the four en gaged ; therefore Mr. Wilson may elect to win with one of the colts instead. The Mares' Pro duce Stakes will probably -be reduced to a tmngolu contort between U Grand, 08 Colour, and Wheatmeat, and I fanoy the Qaeenelarsd colt will prove victorious. On his present form, Westbury should win the Selling Race. The Geelong Handicap is bound to prove interesting, and notwith standing that Odd Trick is said to hold a mortgage over the stake, I shall pin my faith to Lesbia, ,wbu will bave most to fear from Little Sister. 1 would fancy Aide-ae- Camp's chance itnmen ely, but after his Cup run mug be is evidently a litlle out of aorta. When the wtights appeared, I - selected Songster, Napoleon, and Hope to furnish the winner for the Steeplechase, and nothing has since transpired to cause me to alter my ?pinion, though as there are fewer fences at Geelong than at Flemington, perhaps it would he as well to rely on Napoleon for a single representative. Precious Stone is so favourably treated in the Stewards' Purse that she should win pretty easily. Really excellent entries were receivsd on Monday last for the V. A.T.O. Meeting, to be run at Caulfiold on Saturday next, the 9th inst. "The Selling Race has attracted an entry of half a score, including Hannibal, Kathleen, Scobel, and other slippery customers, over half a mile. Twelve capable candidates, over the lesser stioks, are engaged in the Hurdle Race, and if Mr. Barnard is BUOcesBfal in bringing them together on fairly equal terms, the contest is bound to be an interesting one. The Hawksburn Han dicap has filled with tvfenty-seven entries, while eighteen have elected to try conclusions in the Steeplechase. St. Valentine's Handicap has closed with twenty-five entries, and fourteen are engaged in the Welter Handicap. As the weights will be declared on Monday next, the 4th inst., those, having horses engaged will not be kept long in suspense. Whatever opinions there may be as to the wisdom of promoting short distance races, it is patent that- Mr. Bond knew how to cater for a large majority of owners when be pub lished the conditions of the O&kleigh; Handi cap, for a glance at the entries will show that the large number of sixty-six have been nomi nated. The Victorian Trotting Club was again unfortunate in the matter of weather, and beyond the regular raoecourfee habitues few persons were courageous enough to undertake the journey to Eisternwiok Park on Saturday last. During the afternoon the rain came down .in real earnest, and the course in some places was reduced to a puddle. Very little interest was -taken in the Boccaccio Two- year-old Trot, which was won by KiDg of Bronte, the puree thus going back to the donor, Mr. J. A. Roberts. The inevitable spread-eagling commenced early in the Maiden Trot, and on the first. essay Lubra and Phyllis were declared distanced. Although three horses were left in after the first heat, the contest was practically a match between Prince B. and Tommy, but the latter managed to secure the victory in the end. Boisterous easily won the Five- furlong Handicap, though if Polly had got away on any thing like even terras with the son of Don Giovanni, the issue would, have been more exciting. The Two-year- old Selling Race resulted in an easy victory for Isabel. Ironmaster displayed his ability to get through the mud by winning the All-aged Stakes and V.T.C. Handicap very, comfort ably. Another bill of fate which will commend itself to xaoing men is that of the Ballarat Turf Club. The sporting elk of the golden city have drawn up an attractive menu of five events, which will be decided at Dowling Forest on Easter Monday, the 14th April. The initial item will be the Novel Selling Handicap, of 40 sovs., half a mile. Then follow the Hordle Race, of 100 sovs.,. two miles ; Easter Handicap, of 100 sovs., one mile ; Handicap Steeplechase, of 150 sovs., about three miles ; and Dowling Forest Stakes, of 75 sovs., six furlongs At present the date .of nomination has not been named, but a full programme will appear in a future issue of The Weekly Times. As the 'Tasmanian racing campaign will conclude on Thursday, the 21st, Victorian visitors will bave ample time to get back to take part in the racing festivities to be held at Wyndhara on Saturday, the 23rd inst. Mr. M. Wall,- the active secretary of the Wyndham Racing Club, has put forward an attractive programme of half -a dozen events, comprising the Maiden Plate of 30 sovb., Weight for age, seven furlongB ; Mambourin Handicap of 60 sovs., one mile and a dis tance ; Selling Handicap of 40 sovs., winner to be sold for 100 sovs., with selling allow- ,&nces;, half-a mile ; Handicap Hnrdle Race, of 40 sovs., about one mile and a half ; Grand Stand Handicap of 40 60vs., three quarters of a mile. Entries will be due on Monday, the 11th Inst., and as the nomination for each event is only 1 so v., I hope to congratulate the club on a large entry. Those having horses engaged in the New market Handicap and Australian Cup are reminded that unless they declare out before 4 p.m. on Monday next, the 4th inst., they will be liable for the second orteit. In reviewing the handicaps for the Hobart Steeplechase, 44 Tam O'Shanter" (of the Tasmanian Mail) says " It will be noticed that three horses, Lurline, Timothy, and Young Horatio, are e&oh; handicapped in the Steeplechase at 9st, but as the rules of the Tasmanian Racing Club do not allow any horse to oarry less than 9et 71b in a steeplechase, the above horses will each have to carry the miuimum weight. The bandicapper was communicated with as eoon as the weights were received, but as they had been posted in Melbourne, he could not alter them ; consequently, the light-weighted horse will have to abide by this decision. Mr. Bond may excuse himself by asserting that the omoialB of the club should have previously apprised him of a fixed minimum being in force here; and if the fault lie With the club a negligence, then Mr. Bond is in no way to blame. The result, however, is rather unsatisfactory, and may lead to dissatisfaction on the part of nominators." , , meeting of the committee of the Tasmania Racing Club, a letter was received from Mr. Bailey, requesting permis sion to work a totalisator on the Elwiok course, at the forthcoming meet. It having been decided that the committee should work, a totalisator in the interests of the club the application was not entertained. The were- iary was instructed to communicate' with she secretary of the T.T. Club, requesting eo- in wdtrtrttofr i - - : n m -mmtm wereaccorded Dr. Crouch, lor the presenta tion of a work oh the English studhorse, and to Mr. C. 6. Agnew, for an oil-painting of The Assyrian. Several Victorian' horses have been distinguishing themselves in India recently at the AssenBole raoes. Terrible Billy, who will be best known as Darebin'a taskmaster,, carried lOst 4lb and won the Trial Stakes, for maiden horses, one mile, and with the same weight up he ran second to Bed Deer (lOst 71b) for tne Free "Handicap, one toil©. Bed "Deer (9et 7lb) also appropriated the All Horse Handicap, Fizz (list 41b) and Blue Bell, by Argus Soandal (list 41b), being third. Cinnabar, by Yattendon, carrying lOsfc "21b, defeated Trout, by Angler (lOst 61b), for the Flying Handicap, quarter of a mil® (beats), and Red Deer scored bis third win at the meeting by landing the All Horse Handicap, one mile, beating Little Dick and Blue Bell. When the intrinsic' value of racing trophies falls so far below the price set upon them by racing clubs, it is scarcely to be wondered at that owners prefer to have the value of the stake in specie. Writing of the sale of a fine collection of trophies in England, The Times bas the following " The handsome racing oups won by the late Prince Batthyany's horses were the mpBt interesting pieces in the sale of his plate Ibd table furniture, pictures and other valuables, by Messrs Christie. Mauson, and Woods, where there was a very full attendance of gentlemen of the turf, who seemed eager to possess some of these prizes of the national arena. These fine-loekiug and characteristic pieces of plate, however, are not generally remarkable either as works of art or for their metallic standard, and when they come to be submitted to the cruel tcBt of eo much per ounce they are apt to fall into the rank of ordinary epergnes and Bugar basins, bringing very little above the price of seoond-band silver. The Boyal Hunt Cap, won by Tragical, at Ascot, 1847, a group of a Highlander, dead stag, and two deer hounds, sold at 5b the onnoe, bringing £40 only ; the Goodwood Cup, won by Orlando, in 1860, a tali vase, with handles formed as groups of figures, the centre having a frieze of figures representing Chaucer's "Canterbury Pii grim≥," and the oover surmounted by a figure of Chaucer, sold at 7s. 2d. the ounce, bringing £96; the Goodwood Cup of 1862, won by Prince- Plausible, a narcel-giit, oviform vase, with pierced handles, surmounted by Cupids, and chased o each Bide with an oval medallion of Crusaders, sold at 6s. 9di the ounce, bringing £58 ; the Goodwood Cup of 1870, won by Tryphaeus, a group of four stage, sold for 5s. lid., bring . ing £68. Among the portraits of racehorse?, Suburban, by H. Hall, 1864, sold - for 9 guineas; Prince Plausible, 1864. wittf Ford- ham on him, by the same artist, £12 6s. ; portrait of Gaiopin, the Prince's only Derby winner, for which Mr. Chaplin has just paid £8,000, painted by Lutyens, sold for 20 guineas, and another of him by the same artist, for 10 guineas. Some pictures of brood mares and foals by Herring, sen., 1856, brought higher prices, as did one or two other pictures, though there was nothing of any importance as a picture in the sale. The property altogether sold for £2 223 12s. After a season at the stad, Liberator, who is engaged in the Newmarket Handicap at 7at 111b, has been put into work again ; and should he retain his two-year-old form, he may perhaps compensate the stable for the defeat of Transferred in the great short-dis tance handicap last year. From Sydney I learn that The Gem has been. treated to a temporary sojourn in the paddock. I regret to state that Sir Thomas Elder has definitely decided to dispose of his racing tud on the 20th May next. Bumours are current that complications are likely to arise over the Tattersall's Club Cup, won by Coriolanus, through Borne informality in the nomination of the son of Tubal Cain. Bandmaster has given his trainer so much trouble of late that it is very doubtful whether the son of The Drummer and Minerva will ever race again. It iB understood (says "Nemo," of the Sydney Mail) that Mr. Weptworth intends io take the chesnut colt by Grand Flaneur from Amethyst (imported) to England. He is one of the handsomest colts that ever stepped into j a ring, and had he not had the misfortune to j . be foaled on the 15th of July (which would j make him a yearling on the 1st cf last August) there can hardly be a doubt that he would have brought 1,000 guineas instead of 500\. . ' The same authority says:— " At the sale of the Hobartville yearlings, on the 17sh, the bay filly by Rapid Bay from imported White and Blue, the dam of Blue and White, was knocked down to Mr. F. Wentworfb, for 250 guineas ; but Mr.,T. Chirnside thought it waB his bid, so the matter was determined by tossing a shilling, when the last-named gentleman won, the filly becoming hiB property at the price mentioned. . Tno bay colt by Rapid Bay from Starlight fell to the nod of Mr. B. Oabome for 65 guineas, but Mr. Wentworth gave him 10 guineas on his .bargain, and made the colt a present to J. Monaghan." j It is said that George Fordham, the cele- brated English jockey, will hive to pass the I winter abroad on account of failing health. The committee of the Benalla Race Club have the following programme for their annual meeting to "be held on Thursday and Friday, 28th and 29th February First Day: Maiden Plate, L20 ; Selling Race, L30 (winner to be sold for L40) ; Benalla Handicap, L50 ; Farmers' Purse, L20 ; j Selling Race, L15 (winner to be sold for j L20). Second Day: Handicap Hurdle; Race, L30 ; District Handicap, L30 ; Selling j Race, L30 (winner to bp sold for L40) ; j Shire Handicap, L20; Consplation, ££0. j It . .is the intention of the Fiihy police j to. proceed "against Jeremiah Ro jand , land - \ lord of the Champion "Tiotel, corner of 1 Gertrude and' Brunswick .streets, a« the < promoter, under the title of < '.'Arch- i Medium," of a sweep on the Melb ourne.! Cup. and a summons has !>eeu taken out. .1 The chief witnesses in the cafosei' vyhich will come on next Monday, willMibert Sim- mons : and Archibald Young, who purch ased tickets entitling them to an interest in. the sweep. ,_.' ; ' v -"v : The case of the Australian Jockey Club against George Davis, a bookmaker , for betting at the Randwick Races with jpt a licence, and the cross action by Davis against the A.J.C., for allowing betting, in contravention of the Betting A6t, have created some interest .here. Our Sydney correspondent telegraphed on Tuesday .that the magistrates dismissed the case against Davis, on the ground that the bye-law of the club requiring bookmakers to bis licensed was repugnant to the Act for the suppression of betting ; and that the club was fined £20 for allowing ready- money betting on the racecourse. It is thought here that the club was wrongly advised in invoking the law to countenance an illegal act. Had they merely removed Davis from the saddling-paddock, " the matter would have ended, but in endeavour ing to obtain a conviction, the Hon. J. White, who represented the club, gaye evidence which was afterwards used against Mm in the cross - summons. The Victoria- Racing Club is vested with certain power's by A ct of Parliament, and legal assent is given to all its bye-laws by the Go- vernor- in-Council. Whenever the committee of the V.R.C. have reason to remove any one from the enclosures, the person is conducted to the flat, where he is allowed to remain. The club does not acknowledge the existence of betting ; they merely charge a . certain fee to an approved number for the privilege of bookmaking, a somewhat fine distinction. That ready-money betting is carried on in the saddling paddock at Flemington is, of course, well-lyiown, and should any person attempt to ply tlie calling of bookmaker without paying the licence-fee, he would instantly be ejected, but no appeal would be made to the law for the enforcement of the fee. The Gunbower Racing Glub furnished a pleasant afternoon's sport on Thursday last, and although the fields for the different events were not large, the sport proved very enjoyable. Finnegan disposed of Missing Link, Restdown, and a couple of others in the Maiden Plate, The Gunbower Handicap re sulted in a walkover for Maori, and Comet easily defeated Bloss in the Handicap Trot. Only three saddled up for the Hurdle Race, which fell to Lcbinvar, with Jack second. Bloss won the Farmers' Race, and Stranger carried eff the Selling Race, the meeting terminating with the Consolation Stakes, which fell to Black Bess. The Portarliogton Racing Club has decided to hold its annual meeting on Friday, the 22nd iuet. The programme will comprise: — The Maiden Plate, of 15 sovs. ; Ladies' Bracelet, 10 sovs ; Portarliogton Handicap, 40 sovs. ; Stewards' Parse. 18 sovs. ; Selling Rice, 15 sovs. ; Hack Race, 7 eovs., aod _ Consolation Stakes. The stewards cf the Rochester Jockey Olub have dismissed the protest against Cuba and Trifle for running at a meeting not adver tised in the "Calendar. 1 Leitbamstead and Brown Hawk have been matched to trot three miles for £50 a-side at Elsternwick Park next month. I saw Brown Hawk'on Wednesday last, and as he has only just been taken up from the paddock, Mr. Robins will have all he can do to get him ready in time to meet the grey. Although Prodigal displayed fair form as a two-year-old in his native land, his career at headquarters has been very disappointing, and therefore I am not surprised to hear that the eon of St. Albans will return to Tasmania on Monday next, Mr. N. B. D. Bend has been appointed liandi- capper to the Seymour Race Club. Charcoal and Vampire have returned to Adelaide, where, doubtless, they will be better able to hold their own than in Victoria. While at Elsl6rnwick Park on Saturday last, I saw Mr. Goyder'8 two strapping fine 'hree-y ear-old colts by Sussex parading the saddling paddock. The bay colt, who was ridden by Kilfcy, is a perfect monument of strength and symmetry, and as he closely resembles his famous she, he should be all at home over the Flemington fences. The brown colt is hardly so prepossessing as his half-brother, though ' be, carries an indelible imprint of Sussex which would augur future excellence. ,From what i can learn, I am glad to say that only a small section of the shareholders of the Victorian Trotting Club are dissatisfied with their secretary, Mr. Gibney, upon whose shoulders au attempt wai made a the meeting of the club last w e : to ca t tl 0 blame of the non- success ot the venture From the first it wag apparent that Aus tralians needed t » be educated into & proper appreciation of trotting as a sport, and this is a question of time, and also of enter prise. Few persons will care to go to Elstern wick Park to see three or Jour horses of very mediocre pretensions engaged in what is set down on the card as a race. Long before the formation of the V.T.C., trotting, as carried out under such conditions, was proved to be a failure. The V.T.C. have made spirited efforts. to encourage r better class of horses, and with performers of the merit of Boccaccio, Lea Rose, and other equine celebrities, interest was 'for a time aroused. But ther9 are not in Australia enough trotters of the first class to render a contest of that int . rest ing nature, to which we . have been accus tomed on the flat and over the sticks. I should be sorry to sea the V.T.C , dis heartened by their ill-success and the want of patronage of the public, slacken in their efforts ; but it is evident that under existing circumstances trotting matches' alone will not attract the million. The American standard of perfection must he arrived at, but Rome was not built in a day ; and whilst the progress is slow, the committee must attempt to popularise these meetings. If they do this, I feel sure Mr. Gibney will j lie able to discharge the duties of secretary j with credit to himself and profit to the Vic- j torian Trotting Club." ! Attache, who is engaged in the Australian Cup at 6st 71b, bas gone into Mr. Connolly's stable. at Caulfied. When Duchess cleared out from iter opponents for about two miles j in the Australian Cup won by Pol lie, 1 \ remember that . Mr. Whitticgham's chesnut was amongst 'be first to set sail for the St. Albans mare, which shows' that he has plenty of paoe, and as be has got a very light weight, perhaps his owner will 1st Tiiai have a run in the long-distance handicap of the autumn. < Some time ago a deputation, representing the Victoria Racing Club, waited upon the Minister of Railways, and urged that he should extend the platform at Flemington, and also have a subway provided there, so that people could pass under the lines fiom one side to the other. The Mimstor ie- quested Mr.- Greene, the engineer of existing ways, to inquire into the matter, mat gentleman has reported that the improve ments required would cost over L » > and the Minister has, consequently, decided to do nothing in regard to the wprk, othei than to leave it for the consideration ot the new board. The following are the dates claimed for the Moonee Valley race meetings to the end of the current year : — Saturday, March ; Saturdav, 26th April ; Satnraay, 14th June ; Saturday, 23rd August ; Satur day, 20th September; Saturday, 25th October ; Saturday, 27th December. The Geelony Advertiser sayg that although for some days past it has been rumoured that the St. Albans training stables and paddocks, together with toe horse stock, had changed hands (the iew purchaser being Mr. Crozier, of South Aus tralia), negotiations with Mr. James TV llson for. the sale of the property are not com pleted. V.R.C. Scratching. —Newmarket Handi cap: Pell Mell, Hnrric≠, The Israelite, Royal Irishman, Euclid, and Old Gold. Aus tralian Cup : Pell Mell, Needle, end Oid Gold. 