THE MAYOR OF MELBOURNE Tc-day Councillor Smith virtually oeasea to bold office as Major of Melbourne, aod on Monday Councillor 6. D. Carter "reigns in bis stead." That the former has " bcrae him well in bis high office " as Chief Magis trate 0! tbo " Quean City of tho South " there coo bono dispute. Ho has presided with tact and discretion, and at the oouuoil meetings be has shown that aptifeudo for publio business so euential to a man in hia position ; aod he has dona muoh to increase the reputation which the Mayors of Melbourne have so long maintained for hospitality to visitors. Prosperous aa his year of offioo has been, in a commercial and ficauctai sense, there has been no strikingly mportant event to bring Mr Smith prominently before tbe public, and he has, therefore, with oommend- able good taste devoted himself more particu larly to the sooial dutias attached to his office And be boa done this personally at the sacrifios of muoh time, and with a considerable amount 0 individual -labor. For years no fault has been found with tbe hospitable intention of any Mayor, but tho pr&ctios; of it has generally been delegated to the Town Clerk. Gracefully and debonairely no doubt the task has been per formed, but still it was tbo Town Clerk and not tbe Major who playtd tbe leadiugpart .Mr Smith has not so understood the nature of his duties. He has himself aoted tho boat, aud so well b«e he done so that Australians visiting other eonnttiee will reap the benefit of it. To each "distinguished visitor,," whether from Grsat Britain, a Foreign Power, or a neighboring oolooj, he has shown not only marked person! attention, but an increasing desire to afford every facility for the enjoyment of their visit. The bread thai cast npon the waters aunredl r returns whetbe in many or few days, aud it is a good thing for Viotorlpna when the Mayor ot their .metropolis reocgnises the wisdom of bo time-honored a saying. In addition to this, Mr 'Smith has been equally thoughtful of the plea sure 0! bis fellow- oitizoer. His oonrtesy both in pnblto and private have earned him a well deserved popularity, aud in the minds of the children, at any rato, the memory of him self aud his sister will remain green, even after the d&ys; cf their childhood are passed. For tbenew Mayor we can only say that he dons tbe robes and assumes the obnir under singu larly favorable auspices, Ia aU human proba bility his year of offioo will be as prosperous aa bis predeoeeaor's, At any rate there are no clouds on the horizon. Great improvements both In the sanitary and architectural condition of tbe city are in progress, and in carrying out both, to will most assuredly meet with the warm approval of the general public. Councillor Carter, moreover, Is a man who bss mado hia public mark. Ho bos taken a fair degree as a legislator. He bae evinced from the outret of his career not only a considerable amount of business ability, but a knowledge of when and whore to apply it highly necful in the post ho is now celled upon to ooeupj. Ho has boen a bard worker in tbo intereits of the Corporation, and it can be said of hlm—what can be sold of few men indeed— that when, in 1877, be stood prominently for- , ward as tbe propoeer of certain publio improve ments, every journa in the metropolis bad a friendly article io its oo'umne. Tout be will be energetic and earnest in the petfirmanoo of his. duties we are oartoin, and we therefore, whilo bidding "God-speed1 to the retiring Mayor, offer to his inooeBsor our earnest wishes for a fortunate and prosperous year ot office, DA THIRD EDITION of The Herald wDlbe published immediately after tbe Steeple- cbsie to-day, and will contain the rrault ol that and tbo preceding raoei. A FOURTH EDITION will oo&tsin; the result of tho whole of the races and other items of news. Ia anothor column we give tho conclusion of a chapter in " GarrjowenV Sketches of Early Melbourne, in which he deals with the syndicate known to old oolonuts as the Twelve Apostles, and whioh has been frequently re ferred to In connection with the early days 0! tbe relenift. In theao days at land syudi<-ut< the dologa ot the JL'vrelvoApoatUii will no doubt be interesting. Tho neat ohapter of those SVotohrs will bs of peculiar iuteroit,aa it.doals with Sports and Fnstimss and will oontain a Racing Ramme from 1338 to 1851, specifyiug evory K liming ten Mooting- aud it poouliaritiss Ntli como.i Hunting,, beginning witn the kangarooing of Furtkoor'a p-uty iu 1SUT Toon follows Aquatics, commonciug with the First B.at Hion iu 1838. Next Cricketing, from first match iu 1838, aud First IuttrcotonUl Mutch between Fort I'hil.ip and Van Diemou's L'Uiil io 1£01, eto,t etc. Among. toe in tue arc Sketokoi c-f Fithing, Ball-pUyiog, BiUiaidTablcff, Golf, Foot Racing, Atiihitjo C«nt.(«t>, the FirA (footballing,, and ending with Friz Fighting. Thu O. out mail itounrrGaronne, trom Syd ney, r» rvtric for Kcghu 1, is oxp.ctuJ to ar- : rivo in tbe Bay oarly ou Monday inoroiog, nod will tx; t.kuu to the ll-tiwny Pior, Williams- town, to coiuplotoher lubdiug from this port. Recently tho Footeoray Gounod obtainod a stone-orurhing plant at a oust of over L10Q0. A trial waa mulo yoRterdayund resulted in a complete succosu.fA fow oxtra stays aro all tb-d will be requited to make tho plant a thorouga suceoss, Tbe dolivorios of wheat and flour at tho Speuoer street Railway Station yoatocdny wore 1U33 and 807 bg respectively. The following aro tho readings by Gauut's itetrumcuts : — Baromotor, 30.325, Raiog- Lli at in sun to-day ut 12 noon, 108. The highest : reading of Gaunt's thermometer io tho ohade Bourko stroet, ycoterday, was 73, aud tbe lowest from 9 &.m. yoetoxduy to 0 o.tn. to-day, 45\. Tho highaat reading in the &un; yojtenlay WM 117. Yistoxday afternoon an rxhibitinn of rough, riding and buok-jumpiog was given to tbe Vicc-regal party aud a considerable numbe of visiters iu ono of tbe paddocks- of Govern rner.t Hou«o. Tho riders were Ihe wall -know 3 "stick ore," Cou<stabli)s Faikiurr, Evans, and Pri-sfly, aud a professional horso-broako- nnm d Simpson. The horsos wore some of th- "roal bnd 'uus,' from tbo police paddook as Dandcnorg, and from their babavinr ycslordny it must bo admitted that thoy well earned thoir oharactir?. Tho men wore, however, in all ckscs too much for thorn, nud a(t:-r n cotermincd fight, la;tiac from fivo to teu minutes, each ot the horses gave ia nnd owned bis mAtiv. The paddock was uot tho most tcifnblo fcr exhibitions cf this sort, as its limit) wt re too circumscribed, and a number of atakes weto utuckover its Burfaoa, which might Imvj oaused a serious accident. Most of the rough riders made tho nti-tako of monntiug too close to the fence, and all tha horeos in their gyra tions icemcd to wcrk up to it, Toreo ot them obnrged tho posi aud rails and camo down with tremaudous thade, to (ho coaster- nation of the onlookers, and tho no small daogorto tbo rider?. Fortunately, however, no serious accident oouurcri, although a dismcuutel oi- nstablo named Caster tad a rather narrow ssoepe. Ono of tho Loreos ohargrd right down on him, and otrnck him with his ohett juet es he wis clambering over tbo feuco. The rider bad pulled tho ADtmtil up, nnd tbo shock was not groat. Although the backing was vonomoua on the part of fell tho horaoe, nouo of tho riders wore thrown, aud overyonn was dolightod with tho display of horrcinanship. For soveral years past Mr John Doakip, a well known resident of Footscray, has tkoa a most enthuii&stio; interest in tbo local 8 jbool of Design With a view to show tho approoiation in which tbo pupils hold him th»y last night presented bim with an illuminated address bearing the following inscription 'Tj John Drakio, Esq., Honorary Secretary Footsoray School cf Doiign.— Dsar Sir,— Having loomed with elnoero rsgret that you arc leaving Footc croy, and have severed your conuectioa with ths, school, w?, the teach -rs and pupils, tako this oppcrlunity of presenting yoa with this tsfct'monial as a token of estrcm and apprsoin- tion of your disioterastod effort', aud unweary ing zeal for onr benefit. Yuur gsnoral mannor and uniform kindness towards us duriog that time have dene ruuoh towards the suooass cf tho tchool, and shall ever be remembered by us with feelirgs of pleasure. Hopiog, &c;, kigued by ts&cbtra; and pupils.' Io reference to tbe ghoit story whioh wo published yeattrday, we are informed that wesks ago (before tbe enctuuto described yes- ttrdoj ) tbe father of thu young lady refnred to (made a complaint to the local pulioo. sergeant, acd bo promised to send some ol his men to look after the offecdor. For a night or two afterwards the cause of the trouble was not visible, but he soon re-tppenrcd. After tbe discovery of tho individual who was maiquerading aa a ghost tho Berg' aot wasagain spoken to and his only reply as to why bo had not had tbo mattor Attended to was that the man woe not doiig any harm, and that he could not, or would not trouble about it any more, "Yi.u saw tha man, dida'tyou," he asked Tbe reply was " Yes," at whioh the sergeant retorted, " Thee you know hois harmUop, Women allow themselves to b frightened at nothing at alt" This does no teem to be a very proper view for a police officer to take of snoh an affair. Tbe attendance at tho Victoria Market this morning was very good, and biddings wero brisk Prices were obtainod as follows:— Eggs, lid to Is per dozen ; butter, 3d to lid ; choeto, 8d to 9 J ; bam, Is ; bacon, Kkl to Is ; and pork, Sd per lb. We understand that in tbe aotion brought by Mr F, C. Nicholson, tbe advertising agent, against Mr IascoR-.ff, for damages for trespass npon land leased to him by tbo Freehold Bank ing Company, a settlement has been arrived at. The defendant agroesto pay costs and damages, L3f>,and Is to obtain from the company a lease of the property io dieput?. An important ealo of thoroughbred stook wil be held by Mobus. William O. Yuille and Co,, at their yards adjoining the Pastoral Hotel, Newmarket, on Tuoaday next. Some of tho finest horses in trAiolng will be submitted for publio auotion, as will be sosn when we mention tbe names of Sir Modred, the Metropolitan winner, and one of the greatest performers of tbe day, David, Argle-ey, Sardine, Bristol, Wolreley, Prodigal, Siguor, Tbe Ponoil, Oociogiby, and the at«pleoba«QrB Chester, Denmark asd Fame, Tao bale will be oom- menoed at two o'clook. Fall particulars appear ic our odvcrtuiog columns, Bomo time ago Messrs Banks Brothers, w&rebousemon; of Fliuders Lane, reported to tho police that a largo quantity of valuable feathers were misting from a case whioh arrived by the ship Aristidea from London. The dttcctive-pelice have made careful on- quirier, which clearly show that the feather could not have beon stolen iu Melbourne, but wore stolen at tho Lundou dooka before the oaae was shipped, An examination will be held in tho Insolvent Court on Tuesday, io tho estate ol James Donovan, General meotings will bo held during the presout month on Wednesday 12th, Mouday 17tb, and Wednesday 2Utb, at 11 »m, In the ease of Bennett v Black wall and ethers, Mr M'Dermott applied to Mr Justio Bolroyd this morning, to grant a certificate that theconduotof the defendants was wilful aod malioious. Mr Hodges appeared on the other ride to oppoeo the application. Tho action was brought by Joseph Burnett against Mr Blackball, 0. R. Jodsj, Djuo?iu Campbell aud Geo. Smith, for an atsaulb and Inlse imprisonment. Tho case was a peculiar ore. Tho plaintiff was on his way from South Australia .'to Vio'orib, overland, and whtn on tho strip of disputed tirritory betwoon the two colonics bo was over taken by tho defendants to whom be owed mcnoy, acd assaulted. Tbo jury awarded bim ono fortbing.rit was objeotod that the>pplica- tion ceure too Into as it tkould have boon mado within ten days of tho trial. The judge con sidered tbo objeotion a fatal one and refused to grant tbo application. At tho Malvern Court this morning, biforo Messrs Hare, P.M., Hunter vaud Nowiog, Henry Kidran and William Henry Newnbam bam and bscon curers, were otmged uudor the 17th section of tbe Abattoirs Statute, with elanghteriug without a lioenso. Me 0. F. Taylor appeared for tbo dofenoe. John Fhelan' sheriff officer, deposed that 6n the 27th Bop. timber, from information reoaivod, ho visited the defendants' premises when they admitted having slaughtered thirty bead of swine Ntwcham said they held no Uoense for the purpose, but that the Shirs gseretMj bad informed bim that he oould canyon bra slaughtering, as he had Authority from tbe owner, Adam Smith, who held a Hoeuee for tbe preuiiies. An extensive building had reoently bono orootedon the pre mises iltco the license - was issued, and the swine were killod in this place. Charles Haiuos, sooretary for the Shire of Buurooudara, gave evidence that Smith hold a liconae fcr the premiflos, which wore lot todcfvodnnU. Tho plaoo had boen licoosed aver elnco 1869, and tho looal oounoil bad taken no action when thoy knew this fact.. Adam Smith stated that holhold the license, and hud givru authority under it to tbo dofondaiit to slaughter during tho existence i f the liconae, Tho ease was dis mlssod, without oust. At the Fort Mtlbouvno 1'olico Court this roorn ag a man named Jubu Smith wa cbargtd with etealibg b« ots, tho property ol W. Marshall and Co., B-ty street. Prisoner remanded until Tuesday next. \- Tho ohargoo preferred ngaimt Mr nud Mrs Eyton for oi'Dooaling tho wo-nt outbreak of rmall- pox in thti- family, will ba iuveatiatod at tho City Polica Court' on tho 13th inst, Tim poliea having received positive inotrao tion a to proaoouto all pareutH, guaTdimsor other portinon roaponoibl.t, who ucgleot tj report tho Apprcrnnoo of ohi:kdn-pox, or othor eiuptivo diieato rocouibling small-pox iu thoir fnutilior, An iutpoitaut application will bo mado on Tuesday » oxt to Iho Jndg r iu O.bambgrr, arising oitof tho Giegory forgorios, for whioh a sum- mai a was icsucd yesterday, A writ claiming L050 waa soma mouths ago isrued ngAitst a farmer named M Lrod, at Dunmauklo, at ths euit of tho Ocltmial Bai k, allegod to bo duo on a guarsnteo signed by thu said M'Lood Dcfeodaut, it would appear, declined to tako tbo writ of summary whon sorved on him, al leging that he owod nothing, nnd siguod no feuarootoo. Ho would not take the writ, wl icb was consequently thrown at him, and ho left it whore it wai thrown. Th<> foolish men know little of tho couspquono?n of lis folly, forsn:vico 0! tin writ war proved aud final jndgwont Btgnod, and tho defocd feut's pro|:otiy, ns opposrs by tho affidavit, was s:ld by tho bt.nk nud bought by tbein for n nomluti auiu, its vuluo being over ono thousand ponuds. Tho defendant now rooks to sat asldo tho jndg- mentand all proceodiugi theroon, upon tho grounds that tho gu>vrAnt?o sued upon, and alleged to bavo boon signed by dofondant M'Leod, on bobalf of John Gregory and Co, to tho Back, wns a forgery, and was novor ertl or signed by him or authorised by him to hnvo boon givoo. The Port Phillip Stovedcre Laborer' Eight Htura Aesociation havo r.quoeti-d tho assist- anco of a loading member of Parliameut in what tbsy allrgo is a vi>ry Barious drawback to tbi-Buccessful pursuit of thoir avocation. Thoy Bay that a largo annual tr.ida c.uriod on ba- trvcontliia pott aud various timber producing cooutrit's— notably from tha Btitio— ia of littto or no u&0 to thom, »a niuetcon out of ovory twonty vestals hailiug frcm that era novor on- gngo a Victorian stevedore laborer to dischurgo th< ir cargo or pay ono pcuuy in wages to that portion of tho community who depend upon tho shipping for tho wherewithal to supply tboir daily needs, Tho conacquonco i a largo lua.borol laborers are unemployed, many of whom arc fixed residents, with families So support. There contribute to tho gonoral commmwealth. Oppoied to thom in oompoti- tii n ore tb sailors belonging to these ves«efot whoso omployors— mostly German merchants— have no stako in tho country. If it woro muds oompulsory to omploy stevedcro labor, £3000 pur annum would bs added to tbo prosent ottrniogs of tbo stevedore laborers, A matcb, M.C.O. v Osstlomnlae, will tako place oa Mouday, at OAetfomninp. Tho Mol bourno tosm will oompriso Messrs Daffy, M'llwraitb. Lfewlor, Tobin, Dicksou, Swift, Levy, V, VYatsford, Piorco, and Cotter, with L. Wbitton emorgsnoy. Tho M.C C. also pity Bftilarat, oq tbe Seotoh College ground, play to oommencoat olovon o'clock. The M.0,0, will borapreionted by Messrs Vint, B>yd, Daveu- port, Crook e, DeLittlo, M'Laod, Iiogors, Sboo (3), Allen, and Timbury emorgoaoy. An entortainment in aid of tho Ooburg Par- revorance Firo Brigade, was held in tho Publio ' Hall list ovening, aod provrd vory successful. Tbo Brunswick Amateur Minstrels with their orchestra, roodered an amusing programme, whioh gave ontiro satisfaction. Prior to tho atertninosoot a torcb-llght procession took place, otarting from Bruo&wiok;, in whioh deleg&tcB; from a number of other brigades took part, aud a grand pirotcohuio display was given. Iu the Rcgistor of the Privy Council ot Scotland (odiled and abridged by John Hill Burton,! L.L.D., Historigrapbor Royal for Scotland) are many curious minutes relating to tbo coinogs, notably of tho origin of the words "sterling " and "bawbees." Thaaimoftha Government of Scotland was to keep out all Eoglish ooin, as well as the monoy of tbe Esterlings (tho Haass aud Flemish towns), on the plea that thoy woro falsa aud debased, though a tribute to their unusual parity, is still paid by cur u&o; of tho word "sterling." During Quocn Mary's minority. a now ooin was added to tho realm. The now familiar "bawbeo" was tho silver penny printed with tbe imrg-3 of the baby qaeon. The minut9 was, "The Quhilto Dsy, My Lord, Cover-, nourish Graco, with aviso of the Lorda of Seoret, Ooaasell ordsios, my Lord, the anrax to deliver forth Proutiog JonisandCans, the Master Oanyoar to imprint tbe same in bab. is, notwithstanding any other ordinanos inaid in the controir," Female beads will have to look out for tholr rutsid<8, ovorand abovo puzzling tho intidos for tbe settlement of women's rights. Eighty tons of hair, belonging to othor paoplo, alive or dead, is a pretty good lot to work np in "switchsb" for their adornment, and in olhsr varieties of manufacturers militating against the peace of mankiQd. Yet such is tho amount equivalent to 80,000 kilogrnniat ueod iu Frcuoa Alone for this puzposo, .now largely curtailed by Frtnoh troubles iu China. It appears liom the oorrespondmco of ihe Timeo that tha war Is very seriously affecting ono of tho mast important indue tries of Marseilles, whioh ia tbo principal human hair market in Europe, Fally halt of these 80 tons cf human hair oomes from China, thatis, upwards of 40,000 kilogrammes; Italy supplies 22,000; 0 ;ohia China, 1347; tho English East Indies, 2000; Japan, 5S8; Algeria, 431; Tarkoy, 93; AastrU, 57; aod Spaio, 13 kilogramme?, Italy wai>lmoat ths sole sourca of supply formerly, The only part of Frauos where any girls hair oan still be proonred aro Brittany and Auverguo. As education ex tends, it becomes increasingly difficult to par- fcUndo young women in Eurcpe to part with thtir tresses, though many lose their hoods as frequently as of old, and have no objootioo to bo taken in tbo lump, Thore ia really some thing appalling in tho idea of 80 tonsof liamau hair anuuully going.in this way. Somo idea of tho onormooB oxtent of tho Lumber Trado of tho United Statas may bo gathered frcm the figures of the followingstatis- tics Jut published:— Thore are25,70S lainooriug establishments in the country, employing capi tal to tbo oxtent <11 181,000,003 dollars and 14G,OOObands;distribating31,8451OOOdullarapor annum in wages, neing 1 4G,000.000dollara worth of material, and turning out ao annual product of 233,0(0.000 dollars, Michigan ranks firet with a product of 52 000,000; thon oomoi Pennsylvania, with 22 457,000 ; then Wiscon sin, with 17,952 000 ; thon Now York, with 14,306,000; then Indiana, with 14,160,000; then Ohio, with 13.864,000 ; then Mianerota with 7,366.000, and Mtioe, with 7,900, 000! Under tho stimulus of a Proteotiro Tariff, which prevents tho importation of Canadian lumber and offers a premium on tho destruction ol American f irest, tho magnifioent pineries of Lake Michigan and othor States io thoLak) Region arc fast diiappoariog. But tho wool Buatb Is a forest regioo, and, whon the Northern Lumber supply fails, tho Groat Saw mills will bo removed to tho Southern forests. Wo havo received from Mas»rs Still well aud Oo. Bradtbaw's QlmnouQ for 1885. It is notified io our advertisiog oolumns that hdrcs nnd gentlomen who attiudtd tbe Owl Club Ball in fanoy drens will bs permitted to attend in oostnmo at tbo Montofioro O.-ntenary Ball on Monday ovfnicg next. Tbo PurrAsoAtta Exhibition medals aro now being executed Mr Era>t A. Atimamr, med Diet, cf Elizabeth street, has just received tho order to execute them They will bo ready by the end of Dtoamber. Wenotios that Mr E. Gillman, so long and . favorably known in legal aud ctber circles, bos left Mr Daly, solicitor, Collins street oast, and M>torod lnb» nttiolee with Mr P.; 'J, S<uoook, N< ituauby, Cbuotrt Tho promoters uf tho Aquatic Carnival on Wednortlay lust havn bot-u rtquootui to give Di thrr xhibitiim, whioh thoy will do oq M> noay mxt, tho Prinort of Wales birthday, By referring tit ad a.'ivrtissmert tu onr ouIuiudb it will bo louuri that thti (4raud Regatta At Alb itPnrk mIU pruvo tu bo ol the principal Qltrncti nn for hondny no k- rs <m that liar. Tho haudnome sum ot L43<7s hai bonn od- 1 cttd by tho roKlront ongiouur and employe ol tbn Kugiuo riug Branch of thu Moibourue limb r Trust »s a cons ion to tho Mnlbimru' iiuspiial, hud Mr Mucican the Asi"taot Eogiueer has boen cruattd a lifo gavuruur to ioatitutioo. Moeire D. Anson and Son?, of B urko ntroot w«nt, ore Just oomplotiug auonuriuous driviog b It to bo used io aontieotion with -thu tnnchimit)- of tbo H> iLnan PAiout Brlok Coin- I any at Btuoswiok, This is tho largo, t belt over made or iiBtil iu tlio aidmiios, or indood, south ol tho line. It is 360 font long,.22ii>oh«ie wide, mul htdf-aninoh thick. . Is is made in two fepcti- ii«. utid f«>r vnn of three abmo upwardu of (ixty piclcod hidos woro required. Tciosoeing io 000 motion occupied two moo i> r upwhras of throo weeks. It is notified iu auothor aolurnn that a Lawn Tunis Tuurnatuortt, icr ludiya ouly, will bu held on thr ntphrdt ouurts ol tho Mifltiourno Orickot Club. For tho Ringlo-bnnded mutoh thu lint prizo wll bs a trophy value L8 ; too m ootid prizo u uilvcMuounttd rnokot. Fur the d< uble-hnudud mutoh tho pnza will bs h trophy vnluu L5 to enoh winner, The outrios will o!o«e on the 25th November, aud from tho grant i< tereot ovincbd in tho ladies matohes reoautly played on tbo M.C.O. grouud, uUould bo t>umo- 1 cue, Tha bay oxouraion trado isngtiu booomiog very popular this soatiou. Tao Port Phillip Steomebip nud Hotul Compimy oommeaoud 1 tinning thtir favorite stenmor Golden Orowa lobt Saturday, and tho tino wonthurexporiouood then oud liillontDg daya ioducod a gaoat mauy excuieirnisin to pay a visit to tho doliglitfu! watering ptaoos bardoriug our bay, whoro numbers of welt known residents nud tboir fomihesaro already taking up. thoir abode for tho suiuttior mouths. We near that the facili ties oilottd by this oompu«y have been vory largely availed of, a gro»t poitiou of tba iravol- It-ts seoui iug oooson aud other poriodiual ticbors at tbo reduced prloos now ndvortircJ, 0 bvra nro following tboir txatuplu daily. 10 aiitiuipatinu of a very warm summer, Tito Guiduti Crown's trips for to day nnd oasuirg week ao advcr'.isfd iu onr aolaum?. Too otfomor loaves tbo Sodridgo Rtilway Pior at 1 30 p. iu. to-day, and to morrow tnorutug at 11 o'clock. Moi day being a pub io holtdar, tho Crowo having a bra;a baod" on board, loaviu ihepirr at 10 a.m. for u trip t » Qiaaarciill nod Sorrento. ThoLmfdale bas tiaon obartured tor tho dny by the I-.d pendent Order ol Odd- follows for a trip tu Shrrento nnd back. 