LOCAL. AND G E N E R A L The P remier.— Hon. A. Douglas, Premier, left for Launceston this morning by exprfess train, and will return to the capital on Monday night. I n Chambebs.—The. case Crowther and others versus Miller and others, in connection with the will of the la te . Mrs Eady, of Glenorchy, w ill be heard in Chambers to-morrow morning.' I nventions E xhibition.—A despatch has been received by the Premier from Lord D erby, inviting Tasmania to take part in the International Inventions Exhibition, which opens in London in May, 1885. This exposition is a continuation of the H ealth and Fisheries Exhibitions recently held in London, and will b e ' confined entirely to in-u ventions, machinery, and musical instruments, the object of the Committee being to briDg prominently into notice the inventions of the colonics since 1862 ; and it will be a gathering together of examples of music of all nations. I t will be held at South Kensington, under the patronage of H e r Majesty the Queen. The Tasmanian Government have considered it undesirable that public funds should be expended to take part in the Exhibition, and have requested His Excellency to communicate their decision to the Chairman of the Committee, M r Frederick Brammall, through the Secretary of State for the Colonies. Our readers will see th at this exposition is totally distinct from tho International Exhibition to be held in London in 1886, although the morning print has, as usual, mystified its followers by mixing up tbe two gatherings in an inexplicable manner. H obart A mateur G ymnasium.—The full programme for the Assault-at-Arms and gymnastic entertainment, which will be given by the above gymnasium at the Theatre Royal this evening, appears in our advertising columns. The feats embrace maze running, vaulting, weight lifting, Indian club exercises, boxing, jumping, etc., besides a host of specialities. A 6qufld of the S.T. Rifle Association will also give an exhibition of bayonet exercise, and the whole performance will conclude with a tug-of-war between the gymnasium and volunteers. W ith such an attractive programme the Theatre Royal should be well patronised to-night. Tendebs.—The Government invite tenders for various works in connection with the Public Service, particulars of which will be found in another column.' L awn T ennis.—Members desirous of competing in the forthcoming contests on the asphalt court at the Cricket Ground must forward their names to the hon. sec., M r W . J. Campbell, not later than Saturday next. Now th at this game is becoming such a favourite pastime, it is to be hoped those interested will send in their entries, and thus materially help to make the coming season a great success. S.T.Y. R ifle Band.—The preliminary notice of a pleasure trip to Port A rthur by th e above band, is published elsewhere. The committee have chartered the large 6teamer Flora for Boxing Day, and as the day is one of the “ X m as” holidays, the venture should prove most successful. E mployers v. E mployees. A cricket match took place yesterday afternoon on the U pper Cricket Ground, between the employers and employees offthe Mercantile Cricket Club, and resulted in a vie tory for the employers on the first innings by 24 runs. C. McAllen', for the winners, played a good game for 34, whilst for the losers, T. McNamara, with 11 not out, was tho highest scorer. E xhibition Building.—A very good audience assembled a t this place of amusement last evening. Colonel Austin introduced several difficult shots, smashing two potatoes in one shot, and blowing out two candles, for which he was loudly applauded. D. Gardner and Tom Buckley kept the house in roars of1 laughter with their songs and witticisms.' Miss M ay Vivian's song, “ The dear little Shamrock," was greatly appreciated. The ghost scene was very funny. Swimming M eeting.—A meeting of those interested in the formation of a Swimming Club was held at the Carlton Club H otel last night. There was a fair attendance, and M r J . Francis presided. I t was proposed and carried, that a club be formed, and called the “ Domain Swimming Club.” M r O. S. Turnbull to be captain, M r H . Nicholls, secretary, and M r J . Wilson, treasurer. The following were elected members of the comm ittee:—Messrs C. W . Haywood, Eastwood, H . Nicholls, W . Haywood.1 and C. Anderson. Tho meeting then adjourned till Monday next at 8 o’clock. Sale of Goodb:—The sale of useful and ornamental goods in connection with the Union Chapel, w as. continued in the schoolroom, Bathurst street, yesterday afternoon and evening, when the attendance on both occasions was large, and a ood num ber of goods was disposed of. fn the evening musical selections were given by Misses H all, Dentith (2), Simmons, E. Ikin, Chandler, and Messrs C. Bimmons and J . Wilkinson. Before tho close • of the B≤ M r G. S. Seabrook,. for M rs -Rent of R ent’s Castle, New Town, presented Mrs J . W . Simmons with a very handsome ‘ antimacassor bearing the British coat-of-arms, which has been very artistically worked by Miss Fisher, of the Cascade Road. The Rev. J . W.~Simmons, on behalf of M rs Simmons, briefly‘returned thanks. As a quantity of goods remain unsold, the sale will be continued ’from 7 to 10 -o'clock this evening. H orse Sale.—M essrs SynnottBrothers hold th eir fifth horse sale a t Moore’s Derwent -Stables yesterday afternoon. There was a good attendance, and over twenty jbprises were put up for sale, and disposed of a t satisfactory prices. Draughts fetched as. high as L39 10b; backs, from t l 2 to L20. Thesis new sale yard^ are found to be a great conye-. nience -tothepublic, being to cebtryhy situated V F orflie future tuesaleB'^will be, held every other "Wednesday. W esleyan B and of H ope. — The members of tho Wesleyan Band of ‘Hope yesterday afternoon1whiled away a few jhaptoy 'h ours.. Advantage .was talren" oT th e half-htiliday movement, and in > tispoffso~to th e "invitation of "the leaders of th e band (Messrs Healey and "Marsh), over a ’hundred adults and little ones assembled on the wharf, whero one of O'M ay’s steamers was waiting J-'to .convey them to Lindesferne Bay. Upon arrival there, all sorts of games and pastimes were engaged in, hymns, both gospel and temperance, were sung^jmd rfroqi the .m anner in which a five 6 clock repast* was' partaken of by all present, the promoters had occasion to feci highly gratified a t the successful result of so thoughtful an undertaking. M r Hawsen, Superintendent of the Davey Street Sunday School, with other friends, was present. M r C* D. Haywood was the caterer... *The wharf was reached at a quarter to* seven, ringing cheers "-and the National Anthem terminating - most enjoyable outing. Mayor's Court. — A t the Mayor’s Court th ii morning a number of undefended .rate | cases was dealt. with in the usual way. Salvation Army.—Full particulars of the meetings'to he held in the Tasmanian Hall, in connection with the Salvation Army, are published elsewhere. - W e understand th at owing to the success now attending the operations of the Army, the officers $!re considering the adritableness of erecting" a barracks for the purpose of holding,the meetings, .instead of the tent in Elizabeth street. Nothing definite can, however, he done, until‘furth er instructions are received from Mel bourne head quarters. • Strawberries v. D etection.—A short ime ago we directed attention to the umber of advertisements appearing in ur columns referring to dogs being lost r stolen, and stated th at the latter surise was thought to be the correct one. t appears th a t “ dog-snatching ” is not he only doubtful pursuit engaged in by hese “ law-breakers,” as they or their raternity are now making acquaintance ith fruit:gardcns and strawberry beds. reward of £0 for the conviction of hese “ lovers of luxuries,” is now offered, ut wc question if the notification will prove sufficiently stringent to prevent the arauder's from indulging in the “delicious ” occupation of eating stolen friiitL although detection may almost stare them in the face. P lucky R escue. —On Tuesday afteroon last, about 4 o’clock, a gentleman was pulling his skiff on the river, when suddenly he was seen to capsize. Sarah Dove and Annie W att, both girlB only 14 years of age, and George W att, 9 years of age, who were in a boat a t a considerable distance from the socne of the accident, immediately pulled to the rescue, and after some difficulty the gentleman (who could not swim) pulled himself into their boat. The youthful scullers then picked up th e oars of the skiff, and pulled for the shore, leaving another boat, which had by this time arrived, to look for the skiff. The gentleman, whose name is unknown to his youthful pre' servers, was too exhausted to say the words “ thank you," till ho found himself 6afo on terra jirm a. The youngsters, however, received a round of cheers from the onlookers. M atthews' C ircus.—This popular troupe of performers having finished a most successful season a t Launceston, are now cn route to the capital. They play at Evandale to-night, then come on to Campbell Town for Friday evening, and on Saturday they perform a t Jerusalem. The company are highly spoken of by the N orthern Press, and we shall not be surprised to see them achieve the same success in H o b a rt Miss Rosma Matthews is designated oneof the most accomplished of equestrienne artists who has visited Launceston, while the brothers Matthews are also accomplished violinists, as well as clever arena-actors. The old veteran, “ Billy Barlow," is amongst the trounc, with his trained ponies and-dogs, besides a host of o th er new faces, that require lo be seen to-be fully appreciated. St. J o hn’s Association.—A concert in connection with the above will be held in the schoolroom, Goulburn street, tomorrow evening, a t 8 o’clock. A good programme will be provided, and the admission fee is only sixpence to non-members. M unicipal E lection.—W e understand th a t two of the three retiring Aldermen—M essrs W atchorn and Harbottle—W ill seek re-election; M r Durey will also offer his services to the citizens; and an effort, wc believe, is being made to bring oqt Captain Thomas Fisher. Should the latter consent to stand, his chances of success should be extremely good. Sf. J ohn' s Club.—A t the usual meeting of S t. John’s Club, held on Tuesday evening a t New Town, the Rev. J . Grey presided, there being about twenty members present. M r H . C. Lovett read the first of a series of papers on the E x ­ periences of a Commercial Traveller in Tasmania, giving an accountof his travels through the colony whilst on business bent. A t the close of the paper, which was of an interesting character, a vote of thanks was carried by acclamation to M r Lovett, on the motion of M r E. R. Martin. Accident.—An accident, fortunately unattended with any serious results, occurred this morning in Elizabeth street. M rH . Sm ith was driving in a chaise cart towards the wharf, when the lynch- ;pin came out of one of the wheels, letting the vehicle fall to the ground, but without m aterially injuring either horse or cart.- The driver escaped unhurt. Rowing.—The first meet for scratch fours, in connection with the Mercantile Rowing Club, will take place onW ednes-' day, December 10, starting a t 6.30 p.m. Entries are to be.made to the committee olf or before Wednesday, December 3. W e tru st th e members will take a lively interest in th e welfare of the elub by causing a large number of entries to ,be sent in, and thus encourage those who are trying to make the Mercantile Rowing Club thoroughly representative and successful. Swansea Athletic Sports.—Cn Box-, ing Day, th e annual sports will be held a t Swansea, w hena number of liberal prizes will be competed for. The programme embraces flat aud hurdle races, high and long jumps, obstacle race, eto. . Nominations are to be forwarded to the hon. sec., M r H . A. Castle, on or before December 12\. F u rth er particulars will b e : found elsewhere. City P olice Court,—A t the 'City. Police C ourt to-day, M r W . Tarleton, P.M., and Alderman Riddoch, J.P ., presided. Frederick Turner, for having been drunk and disorderly i n , ArgyJC street yesterday, was fined 5s, or in ^aefaalt to go to fgaol for .seven flays. W illiam Jenkins proceeded against rOorneliuB Cantrill for haring on th e 18th Inst.'‘unlawfully beaten him." M r Sargent ap-7 peared for the defendant,and. M r Thos. Sheehy appeared for the complainant. William Jen kins deposed that bn the 18th inst he was playing marbles jn front of his own door, m B athurst street; with his brother, ! H e got up !to lelVlbfendant pass, whereupon defendafltlncked the marbles out of th o ^ in g . ? / H e then d d to . defendant,'! “"Mind w hat you are doing,” and defendaflt'Imitied round and struck him in fho^mo'uth with his shut fist. Defendant had plenty of room o walk-on th e pathwwwitiiout~walkm g:. over the marbles. T|ie com plainant’s - brother d id hot throw ‘fliiy gravel :at_ efendant. ^ Jo h n -Je n k in s, _ a „ younger, brother of complainant, gave corrobp-; rative evidence. Anne Jenkins, mother of <pomplainant, deposed th at defendant was making an attem pt to h it h e r son, whereupon the .Jatterrtook hold, of the collar of defendhnVfl'doat.'. JbbnGinbaro,. who resides in Prince’s street, stated that he was on the road home between'^ and 7 o’clock in the evening, w henhenaw the two Jenkins’ and the *'defendant.' One was outside the fence, and the. other was inside. Ju st as witness was going past he saw .one of the Jenkins’ run out with a sword and chase Cantrill with it. Saw the elder Jenkins and the defendant fighting over the fence. Did not see any blood on W illiam Jenkins' mouth. Could not swear that the comilainant struck defendant, but believe ie did. The. Police M agistrate considered the case proved,-and -fined defen­ dant 10s, and tho costs of the case/or to go to gaol forjseyen days. Fanny M undy proceeded against John Jenkins for laving unlawfully assaulted her on the. 18th inst. M r Sargent appeared for the' complainant, and M r Sheehy for the defendant. John Graham,deposed that on the day |n question . hp ' say"' defendant with a sword-bayonet ’ in his hand. M rs Mundy went towards >him. and attempted to take it from him, whereupon she fainted, and remained 'inSen-, sible for half an hour. W itness could not swear whether ho struck her or not. Fanny Mundy said defendant made a cut at her face with a sword-bayonet, but she parried it and received it on -her hand. He also struck h e r under the heart with his fist. I t was not true th at she went towards defendant, but he came towards her. The Police M agistrate remarked that it was only a trum pery case, and he dismissed "*the information. M atilda Severs sued her husband, Hans Henry Severs, for non-compliance with a maintenance order, of • 16s pe? week (on consideration that she would support her three daughters), issued on the 20th D e­ cember last. The total of arrears amounted to £27, The Bench ordered defendant to pay the amount into "Court, or in default, a distress warrant to be issued on his goods. R ural V oting.—A good deal of misunderstanding appears to exist in connection w ith the recently passed Rural Voting and Rural Municipalities Bills, many persons believing th a t the scale of votes altered in those measures have already come into force. The Bills will not come into operation until January, 1885, and the approaching municipal elections will be conducted on the old scale of votes, which will be retained until'the end of the present year. , published QDDounciug tbe arrival of De.' Sinclair, we have been requested to state th a t the premises lie has token arc in the building lately erected by D r. Benjnfleld, in Bath u rst stre et, adjoining the Homoeopathic Dispensary, h u t th a t Dr. Sinclair is in no way connected with tb e Dispensary. Consignees per s.s. P o rt Philip, from London, are requested to pass their customs cutries a t c — as th e steam er is now discharging cargo. Captain Dolling, of the P o rt Philip, notifies that he will not be responsible for debts contracted by bit crew a t the port of Hobart. Mr W yatt Hickling intim ates t h a t ________ turned from Melbourne, and may be consulted a t his office, Collins street, daily from 10 to U and S to 6 p.m. A class lo r tuition in sight singing by Mt M. Smith, will meet this and every Thursday evening 