MELBOURNE: ITS INFANCY AND GROWTH. THE CITY OF RICHMOND. The city of Richmond was created a muni- cipality in April, 1855, and the first meeting of the council was held in May 1850, the Hon. Henry Miller heading the list of its mayors. It is bounded on the north by Vic- tora street, on the west by Punt road, and on the east and south by the Yarra, and it comprises about 1,400 acres. In any history, however brief, of Richmond, a prominent position must necessarily be given to the Yarra, which bounds it on two sides The river above the now rapidly disappearing lower falls is not so pure as it used to be. What the effect the removal of the falls will ulti- mately have on the Upper Yarra remains, of course, to be seen. On the question whether such work will be beneficial upon the whole, as on most other questions, a good deal is sold on both sides. The average level of the river has been reduced by some 2ft almost up to Merri Creek, and flood water can get to the bay easier now than formerly. But it is said that, since the river above the falls has been brought within the rnnge of tidal action, its average stench has been increased. If we had a Metropolitan Board of Works the pollution of the Yarra would probably be stopped, or, at all events, diminished. At present it is treated as a common sewer by the municipalities on its banks. It is a huge main drain which has cost them nothing. Before the railway through Richmond was con- structcd, a little over 20 years ago, steamers were run up and down the river as far as Church street, for the convenience of persons living in that direction. There were landing- anges at various points on the banks of the river, at which passengers were picked up or left, and the starting point in Melbourne was at a point on the north bank, near where the house of Mr Edwards, the well-known boat builder now stands. He has a photogrnph showing the waiting room for the passengers, with one of the Steamers lying alongside. The fare on tile steameis was 3d up to 5 o'clock p m , and 6d after that hour , but Is was charged on the special trips to the Cremorne gardens, when they were open. An attempt was made to keep on the steamers after the railway through Richmond was constructed, but it had to be given up. Be- fore the steamers were started a gondola company wasin existence, and one gondola of the orthodox Italian type was procured, and ran with passengers up and down the river, but this boat could not compete with the stenmers. It is now degraded into a stone barge lower down the river. The photograph just referred to was taken on the north bank 23 years ago, and shows the hill on the other side, where Government house now stands, and which was then quite bare ot trees Another photographic view of the same locality, taken five years subse- qucntly, shows several young trees on the south side. Before these trees »vere planted that hill used to look in sprmg as if it was covered with a golden carpet, tho colour being supplied by wild flowers. Mr. Edwards also has a photograph of the wooden bridge which spanned the river near his house before Prince's bridge was built, and of a punt, which in still earlier times used to ply between tho two banks a little lower down. Some of the redgum piles of the old wooden bridge are still standing. Some have recently been taken out, and after having been ov er 30 years in the water the timber looks quite sound when cut up. There is less boating on the Yarra now than there was a quarter of a century ago. As regards picnic parties, particularly, there has been a great falling off, owing to the increased facili- Iles for getting out of town supplied by trains and omnibuses, and, doubtless, to the dini- nution of the number of pleasant spots up the river once available to such parties but now enclosed and built upon. It is said that the ancestry of some of the splendid willows on the the banks of the river in the Botanic gardens can be traced back to a switch cut from a tree overhanging Napoleon's grave at St. Helens. If the dead were in the habit of visiting at nights the spots where their souls and bodies parted company, the banks of the Yarra in Melbourne would, after dark be white with spectres. But who has ever seen a ghost flitting about this fatal stream? Some may think that there ought occasionally to be seen there wee, nameless apparitions of in- fants who have been prematurely despatched out of the world by their own mothers. Then, again, there are those who have voluntarily plunged into eternity through the surface of the Yarra, and have solved the question that puzzled Hamlet 'whether tis nobler in tho mind to suffer The stings and arrows of outrageous fortuno, Or to tako arms aipunst a set of troubleies, and by opposing e i them to die-to sleep To sleep Pendance to dream, Are there's the rub It has been said that those who commit suicide never rest quietly in their graves, but those of us who frequent the Y arra of a night know better. With regard to the mys- teries of the Yarra however, the dredges at work below the falls frequently bring money to the surface and other valuables includ- ing bottles of ale or spirits, which must hate been reposing there for many years. The liquors thus brought to light have a fine mellow flavour, But this is only hearsay evidence. Mention has been made of the Cremorne gardens. What old colonist does not re- member the glories of Cremorne?' Some 30 years ago a Mr Tllis, formerly of the Cre- morne gardens, London, conceived the idea | of establishing a similar place of recreation here, and fixed upon the spot on the Yarra, in Richmond, now occupied by Mr Har- court s Retreat for the Insane nnd Inebriate. Mr. Ellis did not hold the gardens long, and in November, 1856, they were re-opened by Mr G Coppin, now M.L.A for East Mel- bourne who has played so many parts here. He spent over £40 000 in increasing the de- lights of the gardens, and the amusements and attractions he prvided were of the most varied character. Unite thee, nymph and bring with thee Jess and youthful Jolllity, Ollis and cranks and wanton wiles, Nods and becks and wreathed smiles, Sport that wrinkled Caro derides. And Laughter holding both sides, Comic and trip it as you go On the flight tantastlic On looking back at the files of the Argus it will be seen that amongst the attractions of the gardens when they were reopened, were a panoramic view of the mountains of Cam ' pania , pyrotechnic effects of the volcanic eruption of Mount Vesuvius , ' a dancing rotunda with an efficient band and "two qualified M C s, a pantheon, open nightly at 8 o clock, a restaurant with oyster saloons and at very long bar sparkling with mirrors, and a shooting gallery, bowling saloon, maze and menagerie. At the opening night (Nov 3, 1856) Madame Delle Casse danced on the tight rope and Miss Julia Harland and Messrs Sherwin and Farquharson sang. The gardens were open at 5 o clock pm every day (Sun- day excepted), the price of admission being 2s 6d on gala nights and 1s on other eveings. Passengers were conveyed to the place by steamers starting from Princes bridge. The dancing began at 7 o clock. The gardens were 14 acres in extent, and were laid out very tastefully There were numerous grottoes and fountains, which have not yet disappeared. But where are the young menand women who used to dance on tbe rotunda? Their dancing days are doubtless over. Probably they would sooner stop at home at night now than dance to the musle of the most efficent band. Then there was the Pantheon, with which are associated the names ot such actors as G V Brooke, Coppin, and Greville. The bedroom and sittingroom that Brooke occupied are still to be seen. And where has "Laughter holding, both his sides" gone to? Portion of the theatre has been left standing, but the roof has been rcmoved. If the genius of comedy no longer frequents the place, that of tragedy does. Yonder erect dame who stalks by with her countenance expressive of the most profound melancholy, surely may be taken as representative of tragety. She was a happy wife and mother when some read demon entered into her. If now asked how she is she generally replies, "I shall never be well again, I made a great mis- take" it seems that she was, as she believed, sloping from her house in a fashion- able subnrb with a duke. She stepped out of the back door into a cab which drove her to the asylum. She thinks she got into the wrong cab. There is a story, too, about the male inmate over there which is as sad as that of any tragedy that was ever played at the Pantheon. He was the idol of a circle, and the luxury that would satisfy him most just now would be homicide, but he is well guarded. As to the old menagerie, the first lions, camels, and monkeys bom in the colony were born at Cremorne, the follow- ing is a verse from a poem relating to the Cremorne gardens that appeared in Mel= bourne Punch many ycars ago - ' Cremorne I sweet garden where, when Sol went down. We used to seek, at cost of half a crown, Delight In skittles, coloured lamps, and swings And various other entertaining tilings That there sought the many dances, twas, there We promenaded In the midnight air, And with delighted interest regarded How twas Sebastopol had been bombarded There have we seen Vesuvlus hotly smoke, While on the car the awful thunder broko There have we breathed themidnight air and damps Amidst the twinkling of ten thousand lamps. But all is over-all this midnight fun The fetes are finished, and Cremorne is done ' The transformation scene in these grounds was very startling-from Cremorne gardens into a lunatic asylum. As a place of amuse- ment Cremorne did not pay. It is now a very valuable property, and the proprietor has effected a great number of wondeful cures of dipsomaniacs nnd lunatics. He pur- chased the grounds in 1804, and had pre- viously acquired much experience elsewhere as the head of similar establishments to that which he is now maintaining. There are several bluestone quarries in Richmond between tho Hawthorn railway and the river. In some the formation can be traced very easily. The bluestone is in middle shaped reefs, like the quartz reefs of Sandhurst, and the crown is generally very nenr the surface, the greatest depth of stone is in the middle. What may be called the ilaps of tho saddle run out very soon. The ground from the surface to the top of the reef is full of honeycombed bluestone boulders. From side to side the distance may be about 250ft., but, of course, the size of the reef's varies. They run hereabouts about east and west, and generally parallel 'tho deepest quarry is down some 60ft, where the blue stone gave out. Underneath it was a thin lajyer of honey combed boulders, and under neath them an alluvial formation Gold, or, at least, the colour of it, has been found above the reefs in this part of Richmond. Indeed, at one time, a rush took place there, and the whole of the flat was pegged out. It would be interesting to know what is the formation underneath the reefs to a considerable depth. There may be golden gutters there as rich as those on Creswick. At all events, it would not cost much to drill a hole at the bottom of this deep quarry before it fills up with water. Old Ballarat diggers say that the formation at Richmond reminds them of the Ballarat goldfields. Over 200 men are employed in connexion with these quarries. There is nearly always a good demand for bluestone, and if there is not plenty more of such stone where that in the Richmond quarries came from, there is, at all events, any quantity of it available in the Footscray district Richmond was proclaimed a tovn in 1872, and a city ten years subsequently. In 1850 the annual valuation of rateable property was ¿o7,531, m 1858, £79,237, in 1807, £04 574, in 187J, £82,815, and at present, £140,401 The population has increased from 10 000 m 1858 to 25,000, or at the average rate of about 800 a year during the last quarter of a century. Just now Richmond is stridmg ahead. The considerable number of factories of various kinds there is increasing-one of the results being a demand for small cot tages, and the suburb being so close to the centre of the metropolis, and so easily reached, many clerks etc, employed in Mel- bourne, reside there. The Richmond railway station is really one of the sights of the me- tropolis. In the busy parts ol the day, trains are passing through that station at the rate of one per minute, and the earth around is constantly quivering. The Swan street level crossing will soon be a thing of the past. Mr. G. Coppin was one of the first mayors of Richmond, and has been closely connected with it from the outset of its career. He lives there now. His first step in public life, outside the profession that he lately relin- quished, was as a councillor of the Richmond municipality. He was elected in April 1858, and headed the poll. In returning thanks he intimated that he intended to invite the representatives of the neighbouring munici- palities to a banquet at Richmond, with the object of promoting municipal reform. The banquet was duly given at Cremorne, in May, 1858, when Mr Coppin suggested that Parliament should be requested to endow municipalities with at least a portion of the Crown lands within their boundaries. That suggestion met with the cordial approval of the company present, but unfortunately it was not adopted by Parliament. An influ- ential committee was, however, appointed by that comvivial party of long headed men and one important reform, at all events resulted. That was the conferring upon municipalities of the power to tax waste lands owned by private persons. This provision was made a means of inducing stubborn owners of un- occupied lands to subdivide. Without it local self-government would never have attained in Melbourne to its present high state of deve- lopment. Mr Coppin also had a railway line surveyed at his own expense from Melbourne to Cremorne, such survey being partly adopted by the Melbourne and Suburban RailwayCom- pany, which constructed the railway through Richmond to Windsor. Messrs. Bosisto, M L A., and C Smith, ML A (mayor of Melbourne), have likewise been mayors of Richmond. The local town-hall, costing £10,000, was built out ot the municipal income, the rate being then only Is. in the £. But loans have been incurred, and the rate is now Is 6d. in the £. There is some high ground in the western portion of this suburb, where there are many snug villas, and some mansions of a superior class. Vaucluse is a collection of attractive houses in a retired spot. Highett's Paddock, on the corner of Bridge-road and Hoddle street, which was vacant ground for to many years, was sub- divided a year or two ago, and is now being built upon. The allotments fetched up to £24 per foot. A considerable proportion of the municipality is, however, "the flat," where, in some parts, the drainage is very defective. It has been said that Richmoud is progressing rapidly just now, and that has been reported of all the suburbs dealt with so far. 'The question is often asked, Where is the increasing population of the metropolis coming Irom? ' We sse houses constantly going up, and vacant ground in all directions being built upon, but who are the additional householders who have created the demand for more house accommodation ? To a great extent they consist of young natives ot Vic- toria, and chiefly of Melbourne, who, on reaching the marriageable age, have very soon entered the ranks of Benedicts. It is often said that amongst the middle and pro- fessional classes too many young men remain single, but that remark will certainly not hold good as regards the working men or artisans. Marriages, however, are constantly taking place in all classes, and boarders are being constantly transformed into house- holders. Furniture makers say that the demand for their goods has been increasing just as the demand for more residences has. No fewer than 12,000 iron bedsteads were im- ported into the colony last year, and the demand for them is increasing. Now, iron bedsteads have a certain lifetime. They are not perpetually disappearing, like snowflakes on a river. The same may be said of fur- niture generally. Furniture, when sold, is not thrown into tho Yarra. But the demand for it is rapidly progressive. Not only is that the case, but there are certain indications of the development amongst us of artistic tastes. The firms which supply "art fur- niture" say they are unable to meet the demand. This development of taste is not confincd to the more wealthy classes. A man who has his house furnished for £200 or £300 wants his furniture to be of the same general order, although not, of course, as costly, as the man who spends £2,000 or £3,000. For what may be called middle class furniture there is more especially an active demand. As to the best class, it may be mentioned that a firm in Melbourne recently made a cabinet to order which cost £300. The municipality comprises Richmond park (102 acres) in a bend of the Yarra at the south east corner. Genuine Aus- tralian scenery can be seen in that park, the managers of it having wisely let a great number of the old gum trees alone. The Horticultural Society.s Gardens are in this park. It is said that this society's collection of fruit trees is one 'of the largest in the world. The society is one of our oldest in- stitutions, having been established m far back as 1849. It has held these gardens some score of years. The corporation maintains two free librarles at a charge of from £400 to £500 a year, one being in the town-hall and the other in Church-street. 