Iteater's Cablegrams. LONDON. Tlmrsday. The Australian colonists residing in this city have arranged a complimentary banquet to Sir Henry Brougham Loch, the new Governor of Victoria, prior to his departure to that colony. Friday. A reply lias been received from the Porte on the subject of the proposed . Internationol Conference on Egyptian affairs. The Porte has expressed .its willingness to adhere to the decision ar rived at provided the. whole Egyptian question comes under discussion. The Turfeisli Covernment also urges that the Conference should hold its sittings at Constantinople. Plan* are being matured for the solu tion of the difficulty created by the sus pension of the Oriental Dank. A scheme lias been set on foot in influential quarters for the formation of a new Bank on the baisis of the old, but the arrangements are not yet complete. News of a serious rising in ZNLU-land has been received. Mr. Osborne, tlie British Resident, has been attacked by the insurgents and lias demanded assist ance from Natal. V CAIBO, Thursday. Infor mation from Dongolo and Korosko .slates that the inhabitants of those places are uneasy at the hosti-e attitude of tbe surrounding tribes. In consequence of this news the garrisons have been rein forced. . 4 . * SHANGHAI, Friday. News from Pekin reports tl-at the Council of Ministers have condemned the proposal of L< Hung Chang to conclude the peace w ith France immediately. THE T-iiwiBing Board for Clermont and Cop perfield lias been abolished. THE case of MaryApne Ashman v. Andrew ' Yilliers, indecent assault, was commenced at balf-pa&t; 2\. The evidence in the rape case, published bet u eck, was again repeatu. The uas proceeding wlieuwe weotto prces. ONE of the best cures for croup is to dip. strips offlanoel in ,yery hol^yater, andbind tightly rbnnd the throat. as': cold and apply others. HEVBX KEEP, of Charters Towers, 'miner, was this morning adjudicated insolvent upon Lis own petition, the first meeting of creditors in the estate being fixed for the 2Lst instant. Telegraph. THE Ravenswood Mining Journal states that a cricket team from, there will not be able to come to play a match with Charters Towers on Queen's Birthday. Probably when the railway is opened they will be able to send a team j over. THE Sunday excursion to the Burdekin was : again largely availed of yesterday. Over 400. persons going down, nine carriages were em ployed and two engines. The tram started and arrived punctually, and a very enjoyable day was spent by "the excursionists, the weather being all that could be desired. WE issue a. supplement with the NOETHEEN ; MISEJJ to-day. A supplement will be issued every Saturday in future. Kon subscribers -wishing to get nest Saturday's supplement should give their orders to our local agents he tore that day, or better stall, become subscribers and they will be sure of receiving it regularly. IN tbe Police Court, this morning, in the case of Ktrr v. Wilson, Mr. Bowker appeared for Mr. Cooper, and asked for an adjournment, as Mr. Cooper was absent. The P.M. said that it was very unfair to clients that lawyers should take cases and then not attend to them. He had to postpone another case until half past 2, simply because Mr. Milford choose to go away. Off Saturday eveuinz Messrs. B. Nanghten, T. Matthiesen, and G. H. Palmer were arrested at .the Bnrdekin and broaght Into the lock-up. The P.M. was asked to bold a court and bafl them ont, bat hie refused. It appears that Messrs. Mosman and Lemel, JJ.P-, afterwards admitted Nanghten and Matthiesen to bail withont hearing evidence of any sort whatever. Palmer could not get bail. When the case came on to-da^ the matter was brought nnder the notice of the Bench by Sub-inspector Mel drum. The P.M. characterised the proceed ings of the justires as "most irregular," and said he would have to report the matter to the Colonial Secretary. After the business of the court was over Mr. J. Marslacd said his firm also intended writing to the Colonial Secretary on the matter, but before doing so would like to consult the P.M. and send a joint reports Mr. Sellheim agreed to this course. The evi dence will be found in our Police Court report. As far as Naughten was concerned there was not a ghost of a case against him, and he was discharged. Of Matthiesen'<s case we cannot speak, as only the arresting constable's evi dence was taken, and he was remanded to Havenswood. Palmer wa3 remanded to nest Thursday, bail being refused OH the application of the police. 