TIT BITS. BY TUB NOVICE. ? Some of tlio scones at the South Crock ?Bullock Itonst' aro worth recording, but as I am pusluxl for time;' 1 will.only mention just one br. two. 'J'lic sight of linlf iv dozen Salvation Soldiers in " nudrcss " uniform, was a novol one at a gathering of the. kind, nud'tlio way thoylooked on and npnearcd to enjoy some of the worldly doings, especially the action of a monkey in one the sweeps,, led mo to think that' they were somewhat more worldly than their '.Captain " thinks thoy. arc. * » » A novelty in connection with one of these monkey Bweeps, was the handling of a monster dia mond snake by both the "boBS " and the monkoy. 01 course the snako may have boon harmless enough, but among.a lot of children, in a locality where snakes are so numerous, this bit of amusement is likely to lead to serious results; i ? the youngsters 'inay after what, thoy lmd seen, attempt to imitato the man by handling some more venomous reptile. # * # Tho way Bome of our " aristocratic" friends ljuit away large quantities of the roast bullock, would lead persons to imagine that beef was very dear-which it isn't (?) * * * I am informed by a party interested in the late ghost yam. that it is incorrect in somo; minute particulars, and that some important features wero omitted. Howovor'as this friend has promised to spend an ovouing with ine for'tlio purpose of telling ?mo all about it, J may on somo future occasion give tho affair as it should bo. " Rubblsll.-Sale.3 are ofton announced as boing genuine bankrupt stock sales,'when in point of fact san&sortmcnt; is made iii> from somo of tho whole lalo'liouscs in Sydney wlio import- special " outting" inos, which arc really dear atauy price, out of which these smart bankrupt stock pconlq make a good thing. A storekeeper at Emu Plains, Mr. 9. W. Jlayncr. who was-recoritly compelled to. assign his estate, lmd one of tho best stocks over was placed in a .country 'store. Mr. Itayncr's business was, purely a counter one, ho douo.no puffing and his nvtiulcs. always reccomended themsolvcs.: A Mr, Alox,. Campbell Jim recently, purchased the whole of his stock atsuch iipriee that hois ilow selling Dm .goods at about 25 per cent lower than"similar goods can be purchased wholesale, for.-AUV 