Optical Illusions. W?iNs the eye is deceived and a person misled by thinge seeming to be what they are not, it ia spoken of as an "optical illusion." The, familiar expression that" seeing is believing" implies that moet people trust to their eye more than to their own senses. "I have seen it with my own eyes " is looked upon as an inrdisputable, aconvinciog argument, although there are a few doubtmg Thomases whi, would add the testimony of the eenes of feel ing to that of sight befote admitting that a thing is actually so. Te facets in the case are that any one of our nsense may mislead us, and will do so un. less we unite caution with experience. Ans sophists use logic to prove the false true, vo the ventriloquist by the exercise of his art deceives the car, and the sleight-of-hand por former cheats your eyes. How is this pos sible? Certain rays of light coming from a distant body enter the eye, and produce certain son eations upopen the retina, which sensations are reported to the brain througll the optic nerve. The brain interprets the signals by the aid I of past experience, and we think we havesccn the distant object. In fact, we have only re ceived a message from it. If the telegraphio operatorin Washington strikes his key twice, the New York operator writes down 0, but if he strikes it three times the latter writes down 8, unless he fails to hear the third tick, or thinks he has heard but two, when he is led intb the mistake of writing 0 where he should write 8. The signals, when correctly given, may be interpreted correctly or incorrectly. So the signals correctly registered on the retina and reported to the brain may be in? correotly translated and interpreted, thus restilting in an error, an illusion. Place a man and a dog side by side at a distance of 20 feet, and any person with an eye capable of distinguishing them will be able to tell which is on the right, which on the left. The eye is not easily deceived as to position at right angles to the line of vision. Let the man advance five feet; it is easy to cell that the dog is farther away thano the man. Next, place the man at a distance of 100 feet, the dog at 105 feet; it is not so easily decided as before, although mistakes are rare with a normal eye. But at 500 and go00 feet, respectively, it is lees easy,although we can still tell which is to the right and which to the left. The images formed on the retina by the same object at different dis tances are very similar, differing only in size and distinotness. For this reason it is difleoult to judge of distances, requiring much practice. A person standing on a straight strip of railroad is rarely able to tell whether a distant train is approaching, or receding, orat rest, so slight is the change in apparent sloe from which the distance is to be esti mated. Upon the sea it is very difficult, without long practice, to judge of distanece. As a curious instance of inability to judgc of distances, and hence of the direction cf horizontal motion, may be mentioned that of the governor of a steam engine. At a certain distance (say 50 feet) the eye will seem to see the balls turning in-a certain direction, but on next looking at them this motion seems to have changed to the reverse, and after several alternations the mind he comes perplexed, and finally is able to see them turning either way. An outline drawing of a cube may be ilade to look like the interior or exterior at will at a cocsiderible distance: the real cube can be made to do the same. Shadling, perspective, &c.;, are resorted to by the artist to give the idea of distance. In the matter of direction deception is not so easy as in distance. Our experience tells us that if a person hits us in the back with a ball he is probably behind, not in front of us. The objece seen lies in the same direction as that from which the light comes when it enters the eye. If by any'means the direc tion of theray has been changed between the time wihen it deflt the object and the time when it reached the eye, this rule is violated, and deception resunlts. When this change is eflectesd by the reflection it is attended with more or' less loss of light, sometimes with distortion, and a little experience leads me one to suspect a reflecting surface, Ifthe mirro?r is very perfect, the most careful person is liable to be misled. The well-known " ghost" is due to the reflection of a strongly lighted goure from a plate of unsilvered glass. Many of the best tricks, with floating heads and the like, are arranged with mirrors. No illusions are more perfect than those produced with mirrors. Refractioon always ehanges the apparent place of an object, so that we seem to see the sun after it has gone below the horizon. A more striking but less frequentphenomenon of refraction is that known as mirage. ie fraction also affects the color of an object. Thsmedia through which light passes has. more or less effect upon the ray. In a fog objects are dimly seen, the effect resembling that due to distance, hence objects look larger, for the eye judges of the size of an object by multiplying the size of the imageor impresaion received by the square of the dis tance, while the latter is estimated from the mndistinotness of the object. In the fog the apparent distance is increased, but the eye interprets it as due to the opposite oause. On looking at the photograph of a tree, a church, a monument, or a pyramid, it is nost possible to form a correct idea of itsemize un less a man or animal is seen in the same view with which to compare it. In nature, especially on land, the intervening objects that lead up to it give the data on which to calculate the distance. Where nope intcr rene, as in looking from peak to peak, the eye must depend on distinctness, and whore the air is very clear and transparent, as in Colorado, distances seem les than they are. If the object is seen through transparent, but colored, media, the form remains true, but the colors are changed. On looking directly at the loop or curve of an incandescent lamp it is frequently dillicult io distinguish its form, the whole loop being radiant and dazzling,while its reflection is so much less brilliant that the form of the car bon is easily discovered. A wire or bar of iron looks much larger when red hot than whene - cold for the same reason, and a fire at .night seems nearer, owing to its bright ness, than in the day. No better proof is needed of the fact that the eye does not and cannot measure dis Cance, but only gives more or less imperfect data from which the mind calculates the dis lanee, than the child's efforts to grasp the moon, and of the dog that bays at that dis tant luminary which looks so near; nor can any of us, with our naked eye, estimate the relative distances of the sun and stars. The shape and color of an object are all that the eye alone can report with tolerable accuracy, but by experience we learn to die tinguish the texture of substance, the nature of services, and many other things that belong more properly to the sense of touch. We distinguish satin from velvet and wool from cotton at a glance. The painter's art largely consists in deceiving the eye; in so mixing and blending his pigments that they produce the same impression as stone and wood, or earth and trees, or flesh and blood would do, and the greater his bkill, the more perfect the deception. The imitation is rarely so perfect as to deceive the experienced, and yet the pleasure derived from the imitation exceeds that given by the reality, just as misery and and euferieg, when well depicted on the stage, give pleasure, but thle sight ot the reality gives pain. In many things tho mind enjoys being de ceived, and optical illustions give us pleasure, so much so that those who are capable of completely deceiving this the ncutest of our senses get we paid for exercising their talents. H. 