THE EASIER HOLIDAYS. Thebb was fine weather for the Easter holidays—an unusual thing of late years— and excellent me was made of it, for there were few who oonld be spared from home that did not go out to enjoy the fresh air and those amusements to whioh their inclinations direoted them. On Easter Monday morning the prlnoipal streets of the city were crowded with well-dressed people on pleasure bent, and from the number of family parties one should infer not alone that the people have well settled down in domestic life, but also that they are even mote domestic than other communities elsewhere. The vast number of men and women, and the much larger number of boys and girls who were under parental guardianship, and had come into the centre as the point from which conveyance to any quarter might be most readily and cheaply secured, must have somewhat consolcd people who are in the habit of sadly reflecting on the fact that for additions to our population we are almost wholly dependent on the marriage rate and natural increase. Those who converged to a central point, waiting or looking for procession, bus, cab, or train, would make up a respeotable population for a city of fair size and its environments; and to people of that olasB, with frugal minds, we Bhonld add the thousands who hied away in private or hired vehioles to the numerous places recommended by their own beauties for an outing, or honoured with notioe in the guide books. There were two or three big processions, but one of these would have been sufficient to satisfy reasonable curiosity in matters of the kind for a wbole year. Flags, banners, and soarfs are but poor devices for drawing a crowd when compared with the show the Druids make. With few exceptions, they are all ancient Druids, and this is as it should be, for they are so ancient that we know little or nothing about them, though we have them now moving amongst us familiarly as though there were nothing sacred in their character. It gives our reverence for the institution a slight jar to see Druidical priests emerging from a public house wiping their lips, or smoking pipes that are rather short and blaok; but we fall again under the pleasing illusion as we see them marching solemnly like substantial ghosts through the streets of this modem city to a nigger entertainment or a Punch and Judy show at the Friendly 'Societies' Gardens. Afieoted by the spectaole, we would if we could impress the small boys with becoming reverence ; but as they are not yet either big or wise enough to respect the tradition whioh forms the solid basis on which the 19th century Druids have established themselves, and thus formed a connecting link more wondrous than that for whioh the evolutionists search in vain, we turn from the mischievous urchins to resume our meditations on the quaintness and oddities of this revival. But however they may be viewed, the Druids are to be oommended for the practical good their institution confers on itB members, and if it pleases them to assume a very remarkable disguise when they condesoend to come out from their sylvan retreats and appear in pnblio, how does that concern others f Goodnatured people should be rather pleased that these ancients, whose habits are ordinarily so austere, oooasionally relax their severity and emerge from the forest shade to commingle with people of common mould. Their gala en the Friendly Societies' Reserve was certainly one of the most successful of the day. There was an abundanoe of amusement for all, and there waB no disorderly conduct. The Caledonian Sports, on the Melbourne Cricket Ground, were also very successful, but to one feature in them objection may be reasonably taken. Donald Dinnie, a professional athlete, was allowed to contend for tho prizes, and of course he carried ofi the most and best of them. THE CATHOLIC PICNIC. His picnio, which is now an annual affair, was held, as usual, on the Warehousemen's Crioket Ground, St. Kilda road, whioh was a .point of great attraction for a considerable seotion of the community. The attendance exoeeded 3000 persons, and as the n,et proceeds are to go to the Catholic Orphanages and the Magdalen Asylum, it is a pleasure to be able to record that the fete was so well patronised. Among the visitors during the day were a few of the clergy and several prominent Catholic citizens. There was an excellent programme of sports, these being so varied as to suit all tastes—even those of the aged as well as the young; and it is hardly neoeasary to mention in "this connection that the wishes of the fairer' sex ' were carefully promoted. A list of the games and pastimeB provided need not be given, as there are few who are unacquainted with particulars of that nature. A minstrel troupe being a modem innovation on the breezy sward, a notioe of its suocesB in thiB instance is not superfluous. The sports committee, whioh consisted of Measra. J. M'Grath, P. Brady, E. M'Grath, T. M'Namara, and 3. Dunn, worked bard to bring the day's outing to a successful issue. The raoes resulted as follow:— Boys' Race.—Conlon, 1; M'Namara, 2. Sheffield Handicap, 130 yards.—First heat—Gilchrist, 1; Bruoe, 2. Second heat —A. W. Patrick, 1; J. de Grouohey, 2. Third heat—Walsh, 1; J. Healey, 2. Final besMOTalsh, 1; Gilohrist, 2. . Walking Hatch, two miles.—J. Harris, 1. ^Throwing Heavy Stone.—Kirby, 1; •O'Gonnell, 2. , ,Prize Bpel and Jig.—Cummerford, 1; fewer, 2. .. ._ :. . ' VICTORIAN CATHOLIC YOUNG MEN'S SOCIETY. The seventh annual picnio of the several branches of tbe above Booiety was held in Albert Park, South Melbourne. With one exception—that of Launoeston, Tasmania— representatives from all the branches of the society were present. The number of other visitors present upon invitations was not inconsiderable, and the sports were watched by a orowd of people. In all there must have been about 500 persons on the ground. The chief event on the sports programme was the Champion Raoe, 100 yards, the first prize beinp a silver oup, valued at five guineas.' A dozen competitors entered, and it was run off in three heats at 100, 200, and 300 yards respectively, the final oontest being exoeedinely close, and resulting as follows : —J. M'Mubon, 1; A. Opray, 2; Delaney, 3\. A protest was enterfd against M'Mabon, on the ground that he had not furnished a correot account, of bis previous performances. The prize for the running hi|/h jump whs won by Curtain (5ft. 0Jin.), who also oarriod off the premium* for putting the heavy stone and the running loner jump, tbe latter with a leap of 18ft. 9in. No fewer than 18 presented themselves in the 250 yards handicap flat race, which proved a moBt exoiting contest. The first prize, a gold medal valued at three guineas, was taken by M'Mahon, O'Brien being a good second, and Duffy and O'Loughlan dividing the third prize. In the half-mile raoe there were ten entries, and a pmart competition resulted in placing O'Brien first, O'Loughlan second, and D'inn third. Three branches entered the tugof-war. Tho members of the Hotham branch defeated the St. Patrick representatives and were in tu r n overhauled by the St. Kilda team, after a very vigorous strgggle. The 120 yards flat race for a lady's bracelet (competitors being nominated by ladieB) brought out 10 contestants. Flynn proved gucoessful, and in accordance with a timehonoured cuBtom, he presented the bracelet to the lady by whom he was nominated. Altogether, the snorts passed off very satisfactorily. Mr. M. O'Hea, president of the society, officiated as judge, Mr. J. Conroy was starter; the bandicappers were Messrs. Monks, English, Wade, Summers, and Fennel ; while Mecsrs. Jageurs, Cleary, and T. Reardon acted an referees. Tbe members of the society dined together at tbe Athenaeum Hall, Collins-street, in the evening; Mr. O'Hea, president, occupying the ohair. About sixty ladies and gentlemen attended. The branches of the societv represented were— St. Patrick's, St. Kilda, Daylesford, Hotham, Souih Melbourne, and Brunswick. As several prominent gentlemen, who were expected, did not Attend, no toasts were proposed. Mr. H. Skinner, of South Melbourne, was the caterer, and gave great satisfaction. MELBOURNE CATHOLIC YOUNG MEN'S SOCIETY. The annual picnic in connection with the above sooiety was hnld at Dandenong Park on Easter Monday. Picnickers to the number of 100 left town by train, and on arrival on the ground, games of all kinds were indulged in, also a programme of sports, with the following results:—Maiden Race.—J. Webb, 1; O. Fox, 2. Champion Race.—J. Webb, 1 ; P. Sundford, 2. Putting Stone.—E. Murphy, 1. Hop, Step, and Jump.—E. Powell, 1. Eerg and Spoon Race.—E. Powell, 1 ; W. Dunbar, 2. Potato Race.—B. Murphy, 1; O. Fox, 2. Ladies' Bracelet Race.—W. R. Fox, 1; O. Fox, 2. Ladies' Race.—Miss O'Keefe, 1; Miss Tierney, 2. Siamese Race.—E. Powell and P. Webb, 1. During the day dinner and tea were partaken of in a spacious marquee, catered for by Mr. C. H. Dawson. After dark tho picnickers adjourned to Mr. Dawson's Hotel, where dancing was kept up with great spirit till the departure of the laat train. Several songs and recitations were given during the day, those by Mr. and Mrs. T. Ryan, of Carlton, Mr. F. Godwin and the Misses Ryan, of Hotham, being specially good. Great credit is dun to the oommittee and secretary for working so harmoniously together to make the picnio such a thorough success. Fathers Heffernan and Egan, and several residents of Dandenong, were also present. 