FOUNDATION-STONE OF SAINT GEORGE'S CHURCH, GAWLER. Thursday, December 4, was a red-letter day in the history of St. George's Church, Gawler, as on that day the third foun dation ? stone durine the incumbency of the Rev. Canon Coombs was laid, xne foundation Btone of the old Church— which has just been razed to the ground — was laid in 1847 by Governor Robe, and opened a few months afterwards. Prior to that Canon Coombs conducted services in a room o! the old Victoria Mill, and afterwards in a schoolroom, which waa subsequently burned down. At this time there was only one Bishop in all Australia, Dr. Broughton. After worshipping in the old Church for eleven years the foundation-stone of a new Church was laid in 1858, and this building was opened on Easter Sunday, 1864, six years afterwards. The new Church was minus the transept, chancel, and tower, and now, after another ten years' waiting, a contract amounting to £1,778 has been let for a transept and chancel. The plan of the building shows north and south transepts, chancel, and choir. The vestries for the clergy and the choir, with an organ chamber, are placed in the south transept, and there is sitting accommodation for 501 adults. The floor of the north transept, vestries, and organ chamber will be on the same level as the nave, but the chancel floor will be one foot above the nave floor. The arch at the east end of the present nave will be removed and a larger arch erected. The entrance to the north transept is by a deeply recessed porch, the doors opening outwards. The east window will be of three lights, having bold mullions, the interior of which will be enriched by shafts having moulded caps, bands and bases, the arches above to be further enriched by elaborate mouldings. There will be two single-light windows with bold sexfoil windows above in the gables to the north and south transept. The gable at the east end will be surmounted oy a handsome foliated stone cross. The chancel roof will be of a thoroughly ecclesiastical character, with moulded and chamfered curved principals, hammer beams, &c;, spring ing from stone corbels having moulded caps, bases, and carved brackets. The curved principals are treated with crisping, having the spandrils filled in with piercings of an early character, but not so elaborately treated. The work is designed in the Early English style of architecture, and has been treated in a bold and vigorous manner, but not to such an extent as to form too great a contrast to the present building. The work: throughout has been designed and iB being carried out under the super intendence of Mr. R. Garlick Holwell, of Adelaide, and the contract Is let to Mr. F. E. Payne, of Adelaide. The question of putting up the tower has not yet been de finitely decided, bat as the plans of Mr. Holwell for that work are already approved, it is generally believed that the work will not stop now until the whole is completed. The foundation-stone of the transept and chancel was laid in the presence of a large gathering of people by Mrs. Kennion. At 4 o'clock the Bishop and Mrs. Kennion, accompanied by I)ean Russell, Arch deacon Marryat, and the Rev. A. G. Rawstorne (Bishop's Chaplain), Rev. Canon Coombs, and the officers of the Church, fol lowed by the choir singing ' Onward, Chris tian Soldiers,' proceeded from the Church to the stone, and prayers were read by the Bishop. The Rev. Canon Coombs then pre sented a silver trowel to Mrs. Kennion, who said— 'In the name of Jesus Christ we place this foundation-stone— in the name of God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost.' The trowel was manufactured in Gawler by Mr. R. Snellgrove, and bore the following inscription:— ''Presented to Mrs. Kennion on her laying the foundation-stone of the north-east transept. St. George's, Gawler, December 4, 1884.' Beneath the stone were placed two bottles, one containing copies of the Register, Advertiser, Standard, and Bunyipi and the usual deed, and the other contained the old deed. It may be interesting to remark that the stone used is the same that Governor Robe laid in 1847, and is still in a good state of preservation. The Rev. Canon Coombs Baid they had to thank those present for their presence there that day, and especially Mrs. Kennion, whom they had? invited in recogni tion of woman's work in the Church, and not only in the particular act which she had performed, but in all those good works in which she lead the churchwomen of the Diocese. An occasion like that called up in numerable memories. There were but few left who stood together when that foundation stone was first laid in 1847, and it was per haps because a certain historic interest was attached to *hat atone, laid by Governor Robe, that it was now being used again. St. George's was certainly the first Church of England north of Adelaide— he had almost said the first place of worship— and it had served its day and generation, and having crumbled to ruin was being replaced by that which would certainly be a nobler and better structure. Dean Russell expressed his pleasure because they were about to com plete a good work which had been begun so long ago. After a reference to those who had been workers there, but who had departed this life, the Dean proceeded to say that in a colony like this they were surrounded by many who did not hold to their creed ; but that was a mongrel form of churchmanship that consisted in hating and abusing Dis senters, whilst on the other hand ^ it wai a spurious form of religion which denied them the right to claim their proper position as representing the historical Christianity of England in this Australian community. Let them be faith ful to their own doctrine and their own position, and let them exercise charity to all who differed from them, which would be crowned by tolerating even those who de clined to tolerate them. He trusted this work would be carried on in a right spirit, and that there might be another happy day in celebrating its opening. Bishop Kbnnion reminded his hearers that they were gathered together to seek God's blessing on a work which he trusted had been undertaken for the furtherance of His glory. They had been engaged in a religions service, and it was surely right to invoke the Divine blessing upon the work being carried on. TAny one coming, in as he came, at a later stage in the development of Church life in this colony could not but contrast what they now saw with what must have been seen in the early days. He had just seen a sketch of the Church when first com pleted, and the contrast between that and the present was very great indeed. He took it as an illustration of the growth of Christ's Church throughout the world. The growth of a colony began with small parts and small means, and ripened until at last it was hardly recognisable ; so was the growth of the Church of Christ. He noticed first that in spite of many changes it still remained the same. This building, which would look so different from the first was, after all, bntthe growth and the outcome of that which was laid in small be ginnings. The Church did not change her iaith, and although there might have been changes in appearance, still she was marked by that unity which he trusted they would ever preserve ; consequently, although there was union there must also be progress. They could cot stand still. They could not expect the habits and customs of the primitive ages to limit them in their work. They could not expect the nineteenth century to put on, as it were, the habits of the fourth century. There must be true progress, but true progress did not mean departing from old truths ; and while they did progress, and while there might be large comprehension, still he hoped that with comprehension there would be no lees of that Btrong helpful bond of faith which linked them to the past, and in which they still found their present hope and best love, for love, and hope, and faith were knit closely together. He trusted the faith taught in the Church from its old foundation would not be changed in its character. Archdeacon Mabsyat thought that waa a day of congratula tion. They stood in the midst of peculiar circumstances, because almost in one genera tion that was the third foundation-stone that had been laid in that Church. He trusted that this was not only a sign of the increase of the material size of the building, but also of the inward growth of the Christian Church among them. Offerings were then laid upon the stone. The pronouncing ot the benedic tion by the Bishop terminated the proceed ings. In the evening a confirmation service waa held in the Church by the Bishop. 