Agricultural Jottings. [By an old chum of 20 years practical experience in the district.] If the old country adage ' that a drip ping June puts all things in tune,' holds good here, aud coupled with the fact that up to date we have enjoyed perfect im munity from that terror of the sugar planter/rosf, 1 think it may be safely inferred that district agriculture is at present in a tolerably healthy condition, this I fear has yet to pass through many phases before a satisfactory solution of the problem is arrived at. The month on wliich we have now en tered (July) has the reputation of being the coldest month of the year, aud con sequently vegetation at this season is usu ally at a standstill ; but not so the work; in the different departments of farm and garden requiring jirompt and special at tention at this time may be noted tree planting, which should be vigorously pushed forward ,and if possible com pleted this month, although planting is often performed successfully much later. Yet late planting iu our uncertain climate is always hazardous, especially if plants have to be got from any distance. Now is also an excellent time to give orange trees a dressing with some insecticide to j keep down as far as possible the many ] pesta which bo pertinaciously infest all the cltruB tribe. X good wash for the re- 1 moval of scale or eocus is made by boiling 51bs. of fresh liip.e aud lOlbs. flower of sulphur in lOgols. of water for two hours. One gallon of tliiB liquor to 5gals. of water is about the proportion used to wash or syringe the treci. If proper care is take u that every infested branch or leaf is reached, the dressing will be found very effective. The pruning of all kinds of deciduous plants as grape vines, peaches, roses, &c.;, 3sc., should be completed with as little delay as possible. Grafting of oranges should now be proceeded with. The moBi desirable stock to graft upon is the ' Seville ;' but if tbiB be not available, seedling of the common orange is the next best. Avoid Iemou or citron as stocks. In the kitchen garden, continue to plant or sow peas, broai beans, cabbages, cauliflower, carrots, turnips, etc. ; trans plant onions in rows 10 or 12 inches apart, and if tine bulbs are desired the ground should be richly manured. Com plaints are often heard that the old Eng lish favorite, the broad bean, will not pod here, that it runs all to straw — and so on. This defect can be remedied by pinching oil the top of the stalk as soon as they be gin to bloom ; pods will then form as freely as at home. Flower-beds and bor ders should now have a general over haul, and, if possible, receive a good diessing of well-decomposed manure. The operations of the farm will be the preparation of laud for the reception of poUuo2s, maize, arrowroot, and other spring and summer crops: lucerne, vetches, oats, and other fodder crops may yet be sown. Of the many novelties in this line lately brought into notice, the 'pearl millet' is one that deserves more attention than apparently has yet been accorded it here; tbis variety' is quite distinct from all other millets, it yields immensely,' and this fodder is iimcli relished by all kinds of stock — of Ibis I can say jinihulum rV. 1 notice also (hat the pea or ground nut is favorably spoken of as a cattle food, and is being formed into a specie* of oil-rake, and extensively used iu (ire.. I Britain; said to be nutritions, handy, and at moderate price £12 per toil ; tbe oil from this nut is said to be superior to tbe best olive-oil. The plant [Arm-his /it/prif/m) is evidently at home here, re quires little attention beyond keeping clean, yields profusely if planted in a free sandy soil ; might be a profitable crop. Tin: authors of the original serial tele, 'The New Chum,' now being published in the Colonial , write to say that the work must be accepted as purely fiction, and tho principal characters are merely locally colored aud were not intended to possesslocal identity. They (the authors) write further ' The original of Coch rane was uever, as far as we are aware, iu Australia, but we make Cochrane act aud talk as we believe his original would have acted aud talked had Tie been iu Queensland. He was a queer, humorous dare-devil, who among other exploits took a passage down Iltiey lasher and came out alive (almost the only case oil record of the thing.) Hx; kept the 'Varsity in general and his own college in particular, in a regular fer ment, and ended up by being summarily 'sent down' for au ofi'euce, whose broad humor almost , atoned for its fiendish atrocity. When last heard of he was tea-plimtiug at some unspeakable place in Assam. Cantley, the villain of the piece, is an entire figment ; so are tlie women in it, in more senses than one, we are only too sorry to have to confess. Monterey is built on the lilies of an old New South Welshman one ot us knew thirty years ago. Mr. Traill, theM.L.A., another of our crowd met up North at Thursday Island iu 1881. Irvisdeu is a composite creation ; the original, as far as personal peculiarities go, was an Irish sijuire with an estate in Cheshire, while his 'humors' are partly sheerdnvention and partly borrowed from the whimsi calities of oiie of the authors of the tale. Other characters will be introduced as the story proceeds.' Pooh Jonics.— As Mr. Jones was return iug from church with his family, he dis covered a new and singular looking in sect on the front doorstep of his suburban villa. As he is somewhat of a scientist, he was naturally x-lcased with his new sneeimcn. .ind forniiny bis Tioeket hand kerchief into a cage, he pounced down upon it, aud succeeded in capturing i(. ' Bring a microscope, children,' be said, ' and tell your ma to hurry ; I want her to look at it. I'm sure it belongs to the hemiptcra class, and is a new specimen. Here, Charlie, put your eye to the oeeular side and toll 111c what you see.' ' Oh pa, ain't it splendid. It's got four wings, eight eyes, and, oh my, ain't it a sparkler, though', lied, aud green, and yellow, and ? Oh, it is getting away, ain't it, pa ?' ' Then it isn't dead !' cried Mr. Jones, in exstaey. ' I was not quite sure whether it moved or not. Let me look. I Yes, it's a terrestrial, 1 think, after all ; it beltings to the genus Pcntatoma — the antemiio have that peculiar ilexible look; : and yet, now that I. look again, tho eyes seem to indicate that it is a pliytocois, in which case if will be very destructive to your ma's plants, and we must kill it at once. I'll ask Professor Sill. It will be, in any case, a valuable addition to our collection. Marie, where's tbe chloro form?' ' In the corner cupboard. What are you going to do with it?' asked Mi's. Jones, who bad been giving undivided attention to Iter baby. ' Kill thin insect as soon as you have examined it,' an swered Mr, Jones in a lofty tone. '1 shall present it lo the learned society with wliie.il ? ' 'Well, I 'think lioi, Mr. Jones,' broke in his wife, who was look ing with much interest at, the new speci iiicn. ' J paid 1 0s. for that insect, as you call it, last week to wear on my new bonnet, and it must have dropj-ed oil' when I came ill. If belongs to the genuine lnillinerce, and couldn't be any deader if it had been baked for a century. Science will havetogetou without it ; it's already classified.' Thb Poet's Elevation.—' Mamma.' said a fashionable New York young lady to her mother, ' the papers are making a great fuss over a Mr. Tennyson of Eng land.' 'Yes,' res|iouded the mother, 'he has been raised to the dear, delight ful peerage.' 'Ho has been made a baron, I see,' said the daughter. ' Yes, aud his wife will be a barouess, I sup pose,' reflected the old lady. ' How exquisitely beautiful it must be to be a baroness.'1 'What has he been a-doing of to be a baron ?' asked the cultured yeung lady. 'What has he been a doing of?' repeated the mother. 'Why he is the sole survivor of the noble six hundred who made the famous charge at Balaclava.' — Philadelphia Call. GHOSTS,— An attempt is being made in tbe' old country to revive the belief in vieitant from another world, nnd man; arc the wonders i ful stories that fill some of the journals. , The sceptical isisd is, however, inclined to adopt ; Scrooge's remark to Marloy's ghoBt : ' How do' I know that jou are not a bit of undigested bread ?' for, of all tbe ghost producers, a bitof ' heavy' bread i» tbe most potent. It is a won der, therefore, tbat people ' do not adopt the surest epell against ghosts by using Borwick's Gold Medal Baking Powder in malting bread : for, although it won't 'raise ghosts,' it will laise bread in the most admiiable fashion.. Every wise storekeeper has It by him, and Tery good honsewise boys it. 