Ad.. ENTERPRISING CONSTABLE. A constable was awaking echoes on a silent night by the measured tread of his heavy footsteps on the pavement of a fashion-. able west-end street, when he was startled by shrillicries of " thieves !" and " murder I" close at hand. Being a young man, eager to distinguish himself, he ran at the top of his speed in the direction whence the sounds proceeded, and found a small group of men, including another constable, congregated outside a large house. S"What's up ?" he inquired of his col league. "Blessed if I know ! The 'woman seeinms bod frightened to do anything except scream," growled the officer-an old hanid-apostro. phiiing'the row of heads which were thrust out from the apper windows. "Hi, there-l colie down and open the door !" "Lbelieve somebody has beeriishot. :I'm sure I heard a report as I turned the corner," said a young gentleman in' evening dross, who was apparently returning-from a ball;'- . "Here, Smith, you run round to the back,!' said the elder constable to the other; "m nake your. way in,' ifyou can, and 'll stay here till the door is opened." Constable Smith started- off onff his errand with alacrity, and, turning the adjacent corner, climbed over the railings into .a square or public garden at the rear of the premises. Hp had no difficulty in.identify ing the house in itW altered aspect, for a , light in the basement attracted.his attention. The diningroom had French windows open ing on to an ornamental iron bridge or gang way, which spanned the area and led into the garden. One of these windows was slightly ajar, and the constable, grasping his bull's eye lantern firmly with his left hand, walked across the bridge, and entered the room. Passing through the apartment and throwing a ray of light right and left as he walked, he came to the hall, and was advanc ingistraight to the entrance door to give admission to his colleague, when he encoun tered a white-clad figure crouching in a recess; which was used for hanging coats an'd'hats on. The constable experienced a thrill of nervousness, and involuntarily laid his hand on his troucheon. .A second glance, however, convinced him that .he had not to deal with'a burglar or a desperate character. The individuial was a gentleman in" his night attire,, trembling violently, and in a half fainting 'condition. The' constable rightly assunied that it was the master of the house, and addressed him roughly, but respect fully. S"What is up, sir ? I'm a policeman." ' They-they have shot him:" gasped the othi',;apparently a trifle' reassured at the siglit'of the constable's uniform. '" Shot who ?" " My' 'lbtler: " "iW'ho did it" 'i le-- th~the Burglas."'' "Will,'we had better openrtthe door. Come, sir, 'there is nothing. to. be afraid of now," he added, a little contemptuously. "You understand the bolts and fastenings.. I'll trouble you to lend me a hand:" L'Being thus appealed to, the master of the house made an effort to control himself, and, with trembling hands, commenced to un fasten the chain and to unlock the hall door, while the constable threw the light of 'his lantern up the staircase with a rapid survey of the premises. When the door was opeiied htie hall instantly became filled with 'the. " crowd from the outside, headed by the. officer.. A great hubbnb and babel of voices ensued, in the midst of which the master of the . house repeatedly reiterated that his butler had been shot, and was ..only with' difficulty prevailed upon to: explainthat the tragedy had occurred in the-basement.. *A . -.inove .was accordingly made in that 'direction, and after a brief search, the body of a man was found huddled up on the floor of the kitchen, which 'smelt strongly of gun. ,powder. A candle was burning on the dresser, the reflection of which the constable had seen.from the garden at' the back. One of th'? party was a neighboring surgeon, and SI aitonce knelt down beside-the ':rostrate ian;i, who was dressed' in his 'shirt and -treusers, and: with professional coolness ex 'amined thenature of his injury. '"He is d ad,'poor fellow, renmarked the doctor, quietly, after a short pause., S" Shot, ch ! '? iiquiired' the constable. "Yes; ihot through the .lungs, t Here is the wound, you see.: I can do nothing," added the doctor, ge~tly releasing his hold 'of tht man and' irising to hisfeet. -i?T~he party. -filed out ofl the room rather quickly, and.mad'their way up the stairs, .?edl:and nervous, while the twdo" offices emmene~e aa careful exaiiiination of the premises.' 'Tie' rooms and offices .on the bai-ment had not been disturbed, and the ,butler's pantry.was locked. From the state of the diningroom, however, it was evident thit bdirglhrs had been at work, Oie of the cupboards-in the sideboard which contained some silver articles of value had been dexter ously wrenched open, though apparently the thieves hiad:been alarmed, for nothing ap. peared to be missing. Some silent matches and a neat jemmy were found upon the ground, while the door leading to the garden bore traces of having been forced open. The older constable muttered to his colleague that thothieves had been accomplished ',Whileifthis:survey was proceeding, an rispector liad been sent. for, and shortly afterwardsamade his appearance. After receivini'the report of the constables and examining the premises ubdertheir guidance,; he proceeded to interrogate the inmates of the house. .The master and mistress and two ti- rified female servants had by this time assembled in one of the sitting rooms, and;were incoherently discussing the affair 'ith'some neighbors. The inspector haiving Pli~tiely, but firmly, clearedithehoouse of all ifitruders, produced his 'niot-dok;lii'aindiked foradetails. . " S" .What is your name, sir " as his first \- quesfion-6f the minaster of the house;.-' , "My name is Miller. I am well known "in the neighborhood.!- - A '?,'id the deceased's ??:~ '; ' :. ' LJohn' ·3iiimoiids. He:hlas blieeii.ili my service for nearly twelve years, and I 'esteemed him highly, poor fellow." Mr."Miller- had, in a great measure, re covered'from his fright,- though-he was still pale arid nervous. He wasan elderly man, s;,ith'grey hair, and whiskers, and now that :he had dressed himself helooked compara ,tively calm and self-possessed.' • . "',Will you tell me what you know of this '? ,ai ;l sir ?. oakedtlh:i iispiectdr.:?..' :? : i "I was the first who was aroused, inter -rposed Mhis, Miller, before her husband couild ,speak... '!About half-asi-hour ago I started up on harin' a kio?l?a~ltinv liedrobii door. Imagniiing'thi'fod e of the' clildrdn.was ill, I ihastily put. on, my, dressin.-gorwin,, when I recognmsed Si'mmonds voi6ce. I 'asked him w"hat wa 1tile'ihatter,; iid "hsaid there were Itliieves'in' the louse.u, Lthen woke my nus. band, who was asleep.'.:. - . "Is that all you know, ma'am ?" " Yes.'When my busband went down, I was so tei·rified thatl I-shut inmyself in my room. A miniuitie ir two after,' I heard a Snoise like the crack of a whip.- -I- did-not ,thinkit was. a shobt, but the silence which followod seeiied ominous. After a iWile, I ,orepptoi'uton to the landing, aid called to my Shusband iovii the b;miister. He shouted up Sthat-Simmonidsa was killed by. the. burglars, and I then rushed to the window and scteamed for the police."- - - SThabink you.? No:lo, sir ?" said the in .spector, turning to Mr Miller, " When my wife woke me," said 'MIr. Miller?.?witlh a; visible effort at self-control, \- I j~imped out of bed :inimediiately, feeling rather dazed, and joined Simmonds outside, without waiting-:to dress, He whispered that there were thieves in the house, and led the way down stairs. I followed him. I don't know what we were going to do exactly. I was very nervous and startled, and' relied entirely on Simmonds,' who was quite cool and collected. We went down without making a sound, for I was bare-footed, and so, I think, was Simmonds." "Had you a light?" inquired the inspec tor. "No'. I -wanted to bring one, but Sim monds said we should be safer in the dark. When we approached the diningroom we stopped and listened.' I heard nothing, but Simmonds said he heard a noise in the base ment." " The silver is kept in the butler's pantry, I suppose 7" said the inspector. '" Yes; nearly all of it. There is a safe there. I expect the thief, or thieves, were attracted by that." '" Well, sir?' "Well, we went quietly down the kitchen stairs, poor Simmonds leading the way; as before. When. we reached the bottom he went into the kitchen. 1 Ihad let him get a good way ahead of me. The' fact is, I felt thoroughly frightened," added Mr. Miller, with a lugubrious smile. S"What made him go into' the kitchen?" inquired the inspector. . . "I tuppose he heard some one moving there. At all events, the moment after he had onteioed r:'heard voices, followed, by. a, loud report;~a groan, and a.heavy fall"'. "Was there a struggle? Was anything said?" "I don't know." It all happened in an instant, and I was paralysed: with horror," said Mr. Miller, wiping the perspiration from his brow. "Before I could.realise what had occurred, somebody rushed up the stairs in the dark, and nearly threw me down. I just managed to catch hold of the bannister to save myself from falling. A man-I think two men-hastily tumbled past me. I could not see, but I think there must have been more than one man." "Didn't you attempt to stop them ?" asked the insp ctor. "I'had'no time.' It was all so sudden. I was breathless for a moment from the collision, besides being completely terrified," said Mr. Miller,-helplessly. "I suppose the thieves got away -throogh the diningroom window." ' "What did you do then?" " Well, I must have gone down stairs with a vague idea of assisting the wounded man, who was groaning. I found myself groping about the kitchen. 'I don't recollect how I got there. . By chance.I came across a box of matchesl' I struck one with great diffi culty, and then lit a candle . which was standing 'on -the 'dresser. Poor -Simuiondsi was uttering low moans, which ceased when; I bent over him. I then perceived he was dead." " He never spoke to you, then ?" inquired the inspector,' after a short pause of 'symn pathi, during which Mr. Miller was overcome by emotion. " No. When I found he was dead, I went? ,upstairs, resumed Mr. Miller, with an effort.' My?wvife called'out to me, and-I shouted that'poor Simmondswas shot. I had reached the hall by that time, and then I suppose I fainted. .1 remember nothing more till the constable spoke to me." The unfortunate gentleman was-evidently quite unmanned by the scene he had wit nessed. - He seemed almost hysterical, show ing that' the shock had seriously affected his nerves. The inspector asked a 'few more questions, but forbode to prolong the inter view; and after assisting to lay the body .of. the murdered man upon his bed, and promis ing that a policeman should patrol the house for the rest of-the night, he and his subor dinatestook their departure. " The'affair caused a great sensation in the neighborhood, and.the tragic incident was placarded in large letters on the posters of the newspapers. Crowds of people, came and stared at the house, and the advisability of arming the police was again hotly dis cussed. : An inquest was held, at which Mr, Miller repeated his story, and the inquiry ~iwhich gave the coroner an excellent oppor tunity of airing his importance-terminated in a verdict of wilful murder against some person or persons unknown. The police, as usual, expressed themselves confident of being able to capture the, guilty parties at any moment, and asserted that they were in possession of an imiportant clue, thongh nothing ever transpired to verify the allega tion'. '" About a month or six weeks afterwards, Mr. Miller was one day seated in his office in town-he wasa Colonial broker in' a large way of business-when a clerk enteired, and announced that a-young maLn' wished to see him. The caller declined to give his name, but declared that he had something most important to'communicate. ". "What is he like ?" inquired Mr. Miller, who in broad daylight and in his 'own office looked a very imposing and important per sonage. "I mean is he a beggar? Why doesn'the:'sehd in'his iame? I can't be dis turbed in this manner.': "He says you-wouldn't know his name, sir; but he seems quite respectable." said the clerk, awed by his principal's outraged dignity. . .. '"Well, ydu can ask him to step in.,' Bt, Marshall, you can leiavelthe door ajar aihd remain within call,'! said Mr. Miller. The'clerk presently ushered in a tall young' man of military aspect; and Mr. Miller was 'dimly conscious that, he had seen his 'fadel before. "As this reflection crossed his mind, herealised that it was a rather unpleasantly determined face, andche involuntarily drop-· ped his eyes beneath'th'e keen glance which the stranger fixed upon him. Judging from his dress the 'young man 'apparently be longed to a humble class.of life, and Mr. Miller therefore addressed him in a patronis-: ing tone. " Well, 'iny man, what do you iwant with me? , Why didh't you send iyour.name in,' "'AYou:wouldn't have been any the wyiser, sir.. I'll shut the,door if you donlt mind," said th''y?biing manil, seizing the handle. "Thank you, I prefer it open,"' said Mr. Miller, rather:bastily. ".. You-needn' t be afraid, sir," replied,the young wan, calmly disregarding the sniub. "You've onily to raise your voic'e above a whisper to be heard through that piartition." Mr. Miller was fairly taken aback, not only by the:man's coolness, but by' the sud. den conviction:that his voice and manner also were familiar' The stranger soon solved the mystiryby saying:--" "You don't recognise me in private clothes, sir, and in fact I didn't suppose you noticed me at all. I am the constable that came into your house that nlight when your butler was shot." "Oh!yes. Iremniember,"said Mr. Miller, changing color., .,,hat brings you here ?' he added, lowering his"voice.; ":Has any thing transpired ?" ? "No, sir, nbt that I know of, said the man, taking the chair that Mr. Miller indi cated. "Have you left the police ." inquired Mr. Miller, struck by a sort of constraint in the. man's manner. "No, sir. That just brings'me to what I want to say. I haven't left the police, but I ani thinking of doing so. I've a-brother doing very well in New Zealand, and .I wish to join him. But, of course, it is no use going without some capital. I shall'require "I really don't'see how.this.concerns me. You haven't come to ask me for £500, I iup. pose," said Mr. Miller, jockizigly. " Wellinot exactly, but it may suit you to giveit to me, sir," said the young man, quite Unabashed. " Indeed ! I don't fancy it will, though," said Mr. Miller, irritated at the man's im pudence. "It strikes me you are wasting my time and your own." "Then I will come to the point at once, sir. I know who shot your butler," said the young man, looking straight at Mr. Miller. "Do you? Has the burglar been dis covered?" exclaimed Mr. Miller, starting, and suddenly turning pale. " No, sir, I haven't discovered no burglar. but at this moment I could lay my finger on the party who fired the shot," said his visitor, still looking him in the face. "Do yon mean that you suspect me?" murmured Mr. Milleki looking like a ghost of himself, and trembling violently. "Yes, sir. It was an accident, no doubt. You had a revolver in your hand, and were so nervous that you didn't -know what you were about. I expect the butler startled you by coming up against you in the dark, and you fired from sheer fright," said the young man, in a matter-of-fact tone. " What makes you imagine I had a re volver !" gasped Mr. Miller, with a faint show ofdeziance. " Well, sir; when I came upon you sud denly in the hall that evening, I noticed that you drew your hand away quickly from'one of the coats which were hanging up close'by you. At the time I paid no attention to the circumstance, but when I thought of it after ,wardsýit gaveme" an- idea.':< Next morninrg, being off duty,Istrolled round to your house in private clothes, and hung about until you left to go to town. I guessed ydu would have the revolver about you, and would try and make away with it. You "ill recollect that you travelled by the District Railway to Westminster Bridge Station that day, and then went on'to the city by boat. During the journey you dropped a small parcel into the river?-" " Good God, you have guessed my secret ?" interrupted Mr. Miller, in piteous tones, as he clasped his hands together convulsively. "For miercy's sake, don't breathe a word to any one ! It was a pure accident, and it happened as you say. I was so horrified and frighteried that, like a fool, I concealed the truth," ' "Nobody suspects you but me," said the young man. "That is why I: thought it might suit your purpose to get me out of the country. You have complicated matters by giving false evidence." "Yes, yes ; the matter must be hushed up. You-shall have the money you askfor if you 'will promise to leave the colony and never breathe a word to a soul,"' said Mr. Miller eagerly, as he seized his cheque- book and turned over, the leaves in great agitation. " You can rely on my holding my tongue for my own sake," said the young man, with a.short laugh. "How is it you said nothing about this before ?'' said Mr. Miller, pausing after some 'futile attempts to guide the tremulous hand which held-the. pens ' " Well, sir, 'I didn't know what might ;happen," returned the young man with .another, laugh. "If the thief had been taken, everything might have come out." "Is-is that likely to'happen ?" exclaimed Mr. Miller, with another fit of trembling. "It is what I have always feared. The police say they have a clue." '"You can make your mind quite easy, sir. They've got no clue, and knew the case was hopeless from the beginning. They've no more chance of catching the parties than they have of discovering your secret-if I get the money." Acting on this significant hint, Mr. Miller made no further objections, and the follow ing week the enterprising young constable sailed for New Zealand.-Truth. 