THE POULTRY FIEND. BY SILAS SWELL. Those tallowy-faced misery-mongers, who are continually prating over the horrors of bell, have never lived near a poultry- breeder, or they would give that locality the prestige for solid unceaning torments. For six months I existed next to a fiend who grew fowls, and when I had a lucid spell. I often wished to go off to perdition for a rest. I was seduced into the neighborhood by a lying advertisement, which said : " For sale, cheap: a handsome, nine.roomed cottage, in a salubrious locality." It was the salubrious locality fetched me. I wanted all th" salu hrity I could get for my money, so I went and viewed the ruin. It was a cheerful prison, set away back in a wild waste of garden, which showed evidence of many abortive attempts at cultivation ; and there was such an air of weird desolation about, and the owner was so greedy for a settle ment, that I struck ghosts at once. Thought I. " The shanty's haunted, and that innocent Jew fancies he's packing the cards on me; thinks lie's parting his old spiritualistic seance menagerie off onto a guielerss China. man ; got an idea that I don't know there's a headless man roams about the place of nights, eating fire and keeping decent folks from their natural rest. But who cares? I'm eager to see the white lady with the stab in tiher breast, and theantiquated miser with a gash in his throat like a chop in a red gum log. I knew that these tenants from the intan gible nowhere are ruination on property owners, and harder to evacuate than the wary hug; so I was not surprised at the low price, and struck a bargain right off. Then I borrowed a wheel-barrow and carted in.my costly furniture. Our first night in that house was a ghastly experience. From sundown, strange un earthly echots travelled along the wall which adjoined our neighbor on the right, and an occasional yell sounded through the place, acting on my frame like a gust from a freezing room, and making Mrs. Snell's fringe stick out like a wire brash- "Oh, Snell i" she moaned, as a hoarse chuckling seemed to come out of the plaster at the head of our bed, "that's my poor dear mother's voice. She always spoke through her nose like that when she had a cold, and she said she'd haunt you for filing her false teeth to points like a saw. Oh, oh l"And Mrs. Snell wrapped a blanket round her head, and shivered hard enough to make my teeth chatter. I tried to re-assure her, and explained that her mother head gone to a place where colds are not; but she said I was an ir reverent wretch, and it was no wonder we were haunted. The noises continued till daybreak ; when, after a grand finale, they ceased, and a few minutes laterIsprang out of bed, and valiantly called upon the appari. tion to come forth and show itself like a man. It wouldn't come, but I felt that I had done my duty; so I turned to and lighted the kitchen fire. After breakfast, I got down my old Colt's revolver and went in search. I fired up all the chimneys, and subjected the cupboards to a raking volley, without rising anything but the smell of a ghost. Then I went out side, and a glance over the dividing fence divulged the mystery. Our neighbor on the right had a fowl repository all along the wall of my house, where droves of mangy poultry lodged and kept up a restless demo niacal clucking and crowing the night through. Unholy rage filled my breast when I saw this, and Iyelled for Smith. I thought it as likely as not that the poultry breeder's name was Smith, and it must have been, for presently a mighty head was thrust out of one of the back windows of the dwelling, and a thick voice somewhere back in its depths said "Hello." " Are you the man that runs this asylum 1" I asked. The face grinned. " Well, you'll have to hump it right out of that. We're not going to have another night of that racket. D' y'u hear? Shift ithalf-a mile away, or I'll buy a plug of dynamite and shoot it to destruction." " O' goterblazesl" said the head as it was drawn in. He was evidently used to complaints of this kind. From that time forward my life was a mix. ture of misery and profanity. I spent hours turning over the ground of my garden and fixing things up. Then, when I came out a few minutes later, there would be a whole legion of poultry scraping and delving the plants up, and scattering the garden about the country. I cursed their owner, his father and mother, and all his ancestors; and hunted the fowls with an axe handle. Many of them were sent rolling, the effect of half a brick from my vengeful hand; but there was no satisfaction in it, as they re gained their legs and stepped for a hole in the fence as though they'd been bit with a rose-leaf. I found out later that Smith reared chickens forboardine-houses. Then I purchased a cannon and laid in wait. One aged rooster I haled in particular : a hnndy.legged, featherless outrage, with a Roman nose, and a look about him that strangely reminded me of a bombastic J.P. whom I once knew, That bird was the picture of ineffable conceit, and when I caught him up tosome new devilry, he would go for the fence in a self-possessed sort of way; and though I hit him hard with a shovel more than once lie never became ruffled over it like another fowl, but just got up and strutted on as much as to say, "You may insult me, sir; but you are beneath my notice." He led all the raids against me, and would amble carelessly into our kitchen at the head of about forty hens, and dig his nose into the butter, and invite the hens to rake the bread about and spill the milk, just as though things belonged to him ; and when I surprised them, and shut the door, feeling sure of a deadly vengeance at last, his dignified deportment never failed him, although I could se he wasa bit scared, but he tried hard not to appear so; and when I went for him with a flat iron. he shambled past and went up stairs. I followed close on, but he sailed through a front window and stood on a post all the afternoon guying me. When I returned to the kitchen, the hens had all left by way of the hole the flat. iron made in the door-pannel. Another time be introduced a hen into our bedroom and invited her tolay on my pillow, which she did at every opportunity. The eggs were good enough to have, but the fowl-lice were not. He used to crow regularly every half hour through the night, and would talk with the pullets sometimes for hours. This attraction, and that afforded by a few hens who had rising families just teething to at tend to, made our nights livelier than a dog fight. I expostulated with Smith's head many a time (I never saw more of him than his bloated nob), but the only answer I got was a grin like a ripple on a duck pond, or " 0, goterblazes." One morning, when I had nailed up every crevice in the fence, and was having another turn at the garden, I noticed the vile thief's face, the color of an underdone pancake, peering over at me. He was nearly chuck ling his front teeth out, and I could see he was calculating how much fowls' food he would save through my gardening opera tions. " Smith," I said, in a pleading tone, gradu ally verging to the menacing, " will you chain up those feathered fiend of yours? Will you feed them on arsenic ? Will you sell out and go to New Caledonia? You chuckling hen house-you mammoth-headed shark mouthed poultry generator-you--you I" " 0, goterblazes," said Smith, and took n his face. Five weary months of sleepless nights and harassed days, and my great brain gave way. I became a drivelling imbecile, pos sessed with an idea that I was a Shanghai rooster. Mrs. S. managed to keep up and get me away, after selling the house to a man who kept a private lunatic asylum, and wanted his patients to remain as mad as pos sible. I am a little better now, but still drivelling, as you will imagine after reading this. A new boarder spilt some milk on his new coat and was fearful lest it would leave a grease spot. An old stager assured him that there was not the slightest danger, but that he might look for a chalk mark when it dried, PLEASANT SIGHT.-A man who was try ing to sell rather a dismal residence, boasted that it commanded a view of the railway station. "But that doesn't makeitany more pleasant," said the party who was expected to purchase it. " Oh, yes it does," replied the owner confidently; it makes it gay; just here; you can stand on this step and see everybody that misses the train." 