SCOTTISH DBEA MS OF THE DERBY. IT is a remarkable circumstance that some Serson always dreams the winner of the 'crby ; and an ingenious writer who has kept a careful note of all the Derby dreams and omens that have in his time become public property, as well as of a few which have never lound their way into print, makes them thc subject of an interesting article in thc May number of Baileys' Magazine Thc first anec- dote is given on the authority of Fred Booth, a well-known bookmaker at une time resident in Edinburgh. " You can make a mint of money over Spaniel if you like to try," were tho words heard by a Yorkshire commercial of sporting proclivities as he awoke early ono morning in thc May of 1631 in thc Black Bull in Glasgow. Ile was never very certain whether ho bad overheard the words spoken by some one, or whether they were a kind of supernatural revelation, and came from his own lips. Two days after- wards he was in Loudon, and lost no time in makiDg inquiries about thc horses entered for tho Derby, thc .betting, ic. In the end he had thc courage to act on thc curious revela- tion which had been mode to him, much against the advice of his friends, who assured him that tho horse lied not thc ghost of a chance of winning. He obtained a good price, 40 to 1, and on the course he was induced to make new bets by bearing a little boy saylug, as the horses appeared, " That's it, pa ; that s the one I dreamed had won," when Spaniel appeared. Having taken 50 to 1 to £5, he then stood to win more than a cool thousand if Spaniel proved thc victor. On turning round to see who thc fair hoy was addressing, the fair head disappeared in the throng. Spaniel did win the race, and « ith the capital thus acquired the Yorkshire bagman was en- abled to become a partner of the Yorkshire house for which he travelled. Curiously enough, he never in all his life made another bet, though he annually attended Doncaster for sixteen years after Spaniel's Derby. Jlr. James Merry's Doncaster, which won ibo Derby in 1S73, seems to have been the hero of a great roany dreams and omens. Several of these occurred to people in humble circum- stances, oneof them beiugacostermougcrwhoso wife, on the Sunday morning previous to the Derby, sang in her sleep with great vigour, " The hoy in yellow wins the day ! " The coster when ho saw the colours on thc course at once backed Merry's colt and won £40, with which he set up a pony and cart, calling the pony " Yellow Boy " in memory of the event. One of the dream stories relates to a fortunate hit of Jim Freeman, one of tho stock company of the old Theatre Royal in Edin- burgh, who made a tidy sum by Lord Eglin ton's Flying Dutchman. In Doncaster^ year a well-known Glasgow gentleman, we arc told, backed the horse, and in celebrating thc victory indulged so freely in champagne that he became ill, so that a doctor hau to be called in. In his delirium fae several times exclaimed, " Now, doctor, I shall not give you a fee, but Marie Stuart is sure to win thc St. Leger. Be Bure and back it." Wc are not told whether tho doctor accepted tho " tip " of his delirious patient in lieu of the fee. MES. ELIZABETH ESQUITE, wife of Mr. Henry Esquite, residing in Heeley-Btrect, Paddington, died at the hospital Sydney, from the effects of poison. The deceased, who had been suffering from paralysis, bad been taking medicine prescribed by Dr. Marsden ; and early on Friday morning her husband gave her a draught from a bottle which he supposed contained her medicine, but which contained a lotion for external use, and one of thc ingre- dients in which was deadly poison, from the effects of which the deceased succumbed. ASOBVEVÍS being made of the boundary between South Australia and Queensland, and in connection therewith tho South Australian Register has received from the Surveyor General a copy of the following interesting letter writcn by Jlr. A. Pooppel, who is now engaged in thc survey :-" Mudloo Well, via Farina, April 24, 1674- I have completed sinking and timbering a well near the native wt lt, known to tho blacks as Mudloo. I heard of this old well from one of ruy natives, and from description thought if I could obtain a sn^lrfjiit supply oi watta- that SK -I-, v,n-,iUl mntcrinllj- assist nie in mimili... (h.- liu. I .'ml the position t i be aimil Pl) miles i. ?; h , f tho Onu-.-, ?;:.! nhr.ut iivi; rûl-i v.-nt ol (lin lmuvimv I if.!-- 1; '.' ?ifoi.il 'ÎÎ '. ?,;?} : ?..>!-. the v.-cV';- .".v-.l'i .:' IV i.v!, .-!., ; ... . i: -od 'i 