MATE IN TWO MOVES.'.' ?By the Editor of 'the ?SulliBcllman;- ' '? Thoro was oertaihly''nothing;ghbstly about the room : itself. '? ?' As I looked round tho : com fortable apartment, iny eyes sought in vain for any of the .usual: accessories of haunted chambers. No antique furniture, nooldr)ia turo or, family portrait, ,to rivet tho attention or prevent slumber ; no sliding doors conooaled by tapestry, nothing, in short, to excite alarm or Buapiuiou. x wati . upuuuiu^ iiij yurmbiuuiH la.^t year, with my fathor's old ' friend Mr: :W-- — — i 'in TorksUire,irand' this evening was the first % had' passed: under his hospitablq roof.; .After, dinner wo,' the members of the family and mysolfihad indulged in much lively conversation, 'orapking' now .a; bottle of ' fine old crusted,' and now a still more an oient joke, while seated round the blazing fire, upon which a gigantio yule log -was slowly oonsuming. It was thon that I learned that tho room in whioh I eventually passod tho night had tho reputation of being haunted — peouliar and unearthly sounds having been heard to issue from within it, although it was known to bo at tho timo unoccupied, and in deed was raroly entered., Having exprossed myBelf oxtremoly sceptical on the subjeot of ghosts, after somo chaffing from my host I volunteered tp ocoupy tho room fcrthat night at least.' To my great delight I found one or two of the family could play chess, and after I had ' successfully tested my strength against Mr. W ? and. Eoboit, the oldest son, Miss Mary, who had been offering some very oritical remarks upon the play of her father and brother, sat down to try hor own skill. Knowing the great avorsion which ladios have to be beaten, even in cases when defeat is no discredit, and not oaring to play simply with a view to losing the game, I offered tho Queen's Eook, wbioh was accepted; The contest was a long -and interesting one, and although eventually I had to surrender, the game in its various stages was istrongly impressed upon my mind, so that oven when I found myself alone in my bedroom, the possibility of entertaining a ghostly visitor failed to dispel tho recollection of it. After'a survey of the ohamber I satisfied myself that tho reputation it had acquired was unfounded, and having carefully locked the door, and looked to the fastenings of tho windows, in order to provont a surprise or practical joko on the part of tho mischievous junior members of the family, whom I strongly suspected as being at tho bottom of tho mystory, I put out my light, wont to bed, and was soon sound asleep. 'You play very well, my friend,' said a voice in good English, though with a foreign accent; 'but more praotice is neoessary bo fore you can copo with the conqueror of tho renowned Buy Lopoz do Sigura and Leonardo, the Calabriau called /{ Puttino.' The speaker \vas a tall, sallow-complexionod man, with black, flowing board, and a pair of keen, dark eyes, the expression of which was by no means unpleasant. He was onveloped in a long black cloak, whioh readied to the ground, while a high Spanish hat lay on tha table. ? ? ..??'': The conqueror of Buy. Lopqz. 1 There was nothing venerable in1 his appearance, and yet the simple manner in whioh ho spoke forbade the idea that ho was uttering a falsohbod. - Whore was I ? Still in my own room appa rently. '....-?' : Yet muoh as tho appearanpp of this myste rious stranger amazod me, my astonishment was increased tenfold when, on looking on the othpr. side of the table, I behold a figure whoso features, expression, and sizo, bore a strongly marked rosemblarioe to my own. Between the pair, on the tablei was placed a ohoss-board with the pieces arranged in a position, whioh denoted the conclusion of aigamo. My coun terpart's King was bhepkmatedi, ;tho position being; one of greftt beauty, and it was evident ,the foreign player , Bad- sacrificed largely; '.iit order, to. attain this reattltr. .'' .- ,' ;., ':',',, I 'But bnoinbro boforo I must'loave^' Said tho strangdri- ' and I will present you 'with tho Quopn'a-Ebok.'' ? i ? '» j Tho pieces :woro quiokly plaood, and- tho spoakor oponod tho gamo in a seomingly carp loss and irregular fashion. In tho first fow movos ho apparently mado iwoparations for Castling on the King's sido, and as I watohed tho progress of tlio game with groat interest, it appoarod that if ho did so, ovontually Blaok could bring out his Quoon's Bishop to tho same sido with groat offoct. My double (for ImuBt stylo him so) apparently was of tho same opinion, but Whito by simply playing E toK B Bq ontiroly frustrated Black's plans, and in a fow more movos tho Bishop was lost. It waa clear tho stranger was a playor of re markable powers, for a pioco of brilliant play soon excited- iny admiration. Taking tho Book with liis Quoen, ho, on tho ro-eapturo of tho'latter by tho King, by a sorios of w'oll devisod movos . and oxchangos, ooinpollod tho saerafico of tho Blaok Quoen, in order, to pro vent a mato (in threo movos. His opponent was now a clear pieco behind, but roused him Bolf to greater oft'orts, and certainly no fault could bo found with his play by tho most oritical observer. . ' ?\ 'Having only Eook against Eobk and Bishop, '.said ho'in tonos curiously resembling -my own, ' I shall claim a draw after fifty jmove's.' .':..,.''. . .The stranger Bmilod and bowod, and pro ooddod to manoauvre his mon in a manner moro remarkable for carolessnoss and indiffioronco than for bprroct judgment. It appeared to mo that had ho but brought his King up he oould havo conoludod the partie in much loss time, but apparently ho overlooked that pieoo ontiroly,for ho remained still quite immpvablo^ On tho 43rd move, howovcr, Black, in answer to a ohook from the Rook', was compelled to play his King on to 'the same diagonal as his ?Book (a movo which ho had skilfully avoided ^making ffithorto), and was thereby, forood to ? oxohango the latter. for tho Bishop. After two or throe moves'' of tho White Eook, tho ^position stood thus : — ' '. ? ! BLAOK. ' ' ' ?'? \- ; '?'? ' WHITE. ?'.?:?? It was clearly a lost gamo for Blaok, yet a ray of hope illuminated his face, for White had put two moro moves in which to win tho game. Carefully drawing from the recesses of his onpaoious cloak a massivo gold snuff-box, tho ^trangor, inhaled a long pinob, quietly sur yeyingtho position meanwhile with a subdued binilo. '' : -: '? ' i1'.'- ? ?''? ? ? 'Mate in two moves,' at lbngth saidho. The utmost astonishment and bewilderment was dopioted on the f»co of his adversary, and so oonfidant. was I that the mate could not bo that moment a, thundering sound was hoard. '. I started with affright and rubbed my eyes. Strangor, 'Double, Ohessman and board, all had vanished, and left no trace behind. My host, after many vain attempts to weak mo, was threatening to break in the panels of my door with knocking, and on my response to tho uproar, announced that broakfast would be ready almost immediately. I huriied over my toilet, and made my way down stairs. During tho oourso of my meal, in reply to the queries as to how I had slopt, I told my tale. Mr. W ? laughed. ' You have mixed up your reading of Mr. George Walker's Chess Stories with the ovonts of last night, in your dreams,' said ho ; ' but it is possible there may bo a key to the position you spoak of. Suppose you sond it to tho Tasmanian, and ask for solutions.' ? ? ' A good notion,' said I. ' And here it is.' 