FRIDAY, JANUARY 25, 1884. TiE distressing circumstances surround ing the murder of a wife at Prahran by a drunken husband, suggest the urgent need of sonic more effective legislation to protect defenceless women and child ren from the fitry of the drink mania. The mild provision of the Police Of fences Statute which merely binds over to keep the ipeace a drunken dissolute husband and father, who, in addition to neglecting to provide his wife and children with needful food and clotlhing, threatens to cut short their existence by violence, is worse than useless. If it were only useless it would he Iad enough. But when it is mischievous as well, and dangerous in operation, as in the case of the brutal wife beater, its application to these alarmingly increas ing cases of violence is calculated to aid rather than to check the very evil it was designed to provide a remedy for. We are inclined to the belief that wife beat ing, assaults ll women and chliltren, and domestic cruelty, are otfetnces whichl parliament will ere long he called upon to deal with iby special legislation of a mote discriminatin, aml repressive character than that now existing. It is clear that the law as it stands utterly fails to exercise any per cepltible check on these offences, even if it reaches them at all, which may well ie questionerl. Tako the case we have mentioned, for instance--and we only quote this be cause it is tie most recent, for there have been sccres even worse. In RIcCE's case the evidence points con clusively to the fact that for a length of time he has been an habitual drunkard, and in the habit of beating and otherwise ill-using his unfortunate wife. le has been frequently brought befotre the local bench, and dealt with, sometimes by fine, sometimes by short periods of implrisotnment, and latterly bound over to keep the peace. Wthere is the evidence that the Police Offences Statute has in any degree availed to make him less violent, or his wife and children less exposed to his fury 1 It would appear that on each occasion on which the aid of the law has been in voked for their protection, their perils have been increased by the element of revenge and exasperation added to the naturally Inutal propensities of the in filuiated beer-drinker, who yet stood to them in the relationship of Itusband and father. On the last occasion, on which the unftortnnate man was in carcerated for failing to tind the neces sary sureties to keeIp the peace, he was ,infortunately Iailed out during that dangerous process of "suffering a r, covery" froti incipient delirium tir. mens, when the natural effects of the drink fever were gone, it is true, but when the mental depression, which al ways remains for some time after, wnas Irobably at its height. The result was of course inevitable. The unhappy man fled to drink again at the very first op portunity which his freedom gave him i and then, inder the maddening effects of suppressed rage, and probably poison ous liquor combined, lie hatters in his his poor wife's skull with a hardwood billet, and barely allows to escape with her life the young daughter who had braved his fury in a vain effort to pro tect her mother ! What is wanted to meet those revolt ing cases, which are really a standing sar casm on our boasted civilization, is some vigorous legislation which shall be at once repressive and corrective. When it is known that a man is drinkil?R to ex cess, especially but not exclusively in the case of one who depends upon the fruits of his labor for the sustenancee of himself and his family, why wait for the development of that cruelty land vio lence which inevitably must tollow 1 Where the drunkard, as in rare in stances does sometimes happen, is not activelycrnel to his wife and children by beating and otherwise assaulting them, he is always cruel in neglecting them and in spending in vicious indulgence, the wages that well laid out would, certainly in this colony, maintain them with some degree of comfort. Social crime of this nature, for surely it is nothing less, should he dealt with at once. Among other repressive measures, the publicans in the neigh bourhood might be prohibited under heavy penalties from serving him, say for six month's, the time then terminat or extending for a further period on the favourable or unfavourable report of the police. Then perhaps the boasted " liberty of the subject" would not be more imperilled than it is now if the present objectionable system of making the poor wife the prosecutor in open court were abolished. It woult not be a diffiuenlt matter for the police on any case of domestic cruelty of this nature ieing reported, to make such inquiries as would justify them in moving the local nmagitrates to take action. This would save the poor wives and mothers an ordeal from which they naturally shrink from encountering, while silent endurance is possible, of appearing in open court as the public accusers of their unnatural protectors. By this means the career of many a drunken bully might perhaps be checked, before by long impunity he had developed into the wife heater, and ultimately the wife slayer. Corrective legislation might be ap plied by in the first instance abolishing all fines and costs, which, though paid by the husband, are often more heavily felt by the wife and children, and sub stituting in their place a money penalty of a very different hut more practical character. Let habitual drunkards and wife heaters be sentenced to terms of hard though productive labor, propor tioned to the offence, until they had earned a stated stun. The domestic criminal would thus have every encour agement to reform, as his punishment to a considerable extent would be tinder his own control, and a period of hard labor minus the temptations of the public house, might bring reflection and reformation. Tile purchase of his dis charge friom gaol would thus he the products of his own labor, and the money earned should ie handed over to his wife after deducting the cost of his prison fare. Probably some such plan as this would mitigate the feelings of bitterness and resentment that a man under the present state of the law in variably gives way to after doing a sen tence for wife heating, and so incurring the taint of the gaol bird ; while in the case of the idle and the dissolute the prospect of comlulsory work or lengthened imprisonment would excite such a wholesome terror, that its effects would lie ftr more dleterrent thani any fine however often repeated. OUR system of State educatios very properly emhlraces foot- drill and march ing exercise, lwhy not adld to it tlhe simple, though iuvalablle art of swvim ming 1 Doubltless one of the reasons, perhapsl tile chief reason, why this has not long ago bieen attempted is that in many localities, in up-country towns especially, tlhere are no safe and ready applliances at hand, in the shape of suitable rivers and streams for be ginners, who coull not be trusted out of their depthl. Sale, however, is spe cially fiavoured in having an abundant supply of pure waiter from its artesian well, and withl tihe indispensable element thus at hand there lshoulid not lack the rinqisite enterprise to form a iPtublic Bathls Company. With a properly con structed swimmiing Iathl of suitable leIngthl, the dvhisi required to suit each class of hlathes inight hie iovidledl, iand i,,i valuable oplliortunity woutld thus be Safforded for telachling our youth to be cme self-sulfiortling in both elements of tland and water. Shlould tlhere be any dilliculty in pro viding this town withl public lathls by private enterprise, then the niunicipol authlorities mnighlt reasonubly heo urgedl to give early attention to so important an auxiliary to the sanitary well-hleing of the borough. From tle borough well in MIacalister-street to the creek west ward, there is ample fall to carry off the water friom a bath hanvilng any depth that might be desired. By this mieans batlhers woull enjoy the Ipricelesa lxury of a clear runining stream of idelicious cool water, and the attractive iess of this already well favoured town would hlie larsgely increased. A small charge would make the baths self sulp porting, and probably at no distant date they would even become a source of revenue. If we had a corporation swimming bath, or one provided by private enterprise, the Education De partnent would doubtless be very glad of the opportunity to try the experi ment of instruction in swimming as part of the state school training. Thus hy the example of Sale the whole colony woull be benefitted, for other towns would be sure to follow suit. In the course of a few years swimming would come to be considered an indispensable part of a boy's education, to the un doubted improvement of the physique and morale of our colonial youth, and to the gain of society at large. The sug gestion is surely worth attention. This day's Supplement contains a con tinuation of "Rambles by a Gippslander," and a verified ghost story. The Buln Buln Agricultural Society's Show will be held on Thursday April 3rd, the prize list for which will be adopted on the 26th inst. It has been erroneously stated that ex cursion tickets will be issued from Sale to Melbourne from to-day, available to Tues day next, for the benefit of persons wish ing to attend Professor Samples exhibi tion of horse taming at the Exhibition building, in aid of the Melbourne chari ties. The tickets will only be issued by the 6.55 amin. train on Monday next, at Friday excursion fares, available for re turn until Tuesday the 29th inst. Heyficld, since the advent of the rail way, is rapidly developing into a busy stirring place. We are not surprised to hear therefore, that the townspeople are agitating for the establishment of a court of Petty Sessions, and doubtless other public institutions of a useful character will follow in due time. Pending the time when the Postmaster General calls for tenders for the erection in suitable places in the town of some half dozen iron post pillars, which of course will be soon, can we not have at least a post pillar or receiving box at the Railway Station 1 Numbers of people go there and it would be a great convenience. Doubtless Messrs M'Lean anti Harris will see to this, if our much discussed Borough Council does not move before them. Mr E. T. C. Bennet, Evangelistic preacher, who has resided in Sale for the past 12 months, will take his departure next week to enter upon the charge of the Langridge- street Church of that denomi nation, Collingwood. He will preach a farewell sermon on Sunday evening next in the old State school, Raymond.street, and he will also be entertained at a fare well tea meeting on Wednesday evening next. He will be succeeded in Sale by Mr Exley from Melbourne. The Oscar troupe are announced to make their appearance in the Victoria Hall on Tuesday evening next. The com pany have recently been playing with much success at several of the outlying towns, and as their performances have been highly spoken of, they will doubtless be well supported in Sale. The Marian Willis Dramatic Company made their final appearance in Sale on Wednesday evening last, in Dion Bouci cault's popular drama of the Octoroon. The piece has been played on two previous occasions in Sale by this company. IMiss Marian Willis supported the character of the Octoroon with her accustomed skill, and the balance of the cast was very siumt lar to that of its former productions, the piece running smoothly throughout. At the conclusion of the performance iMr Keogh appeared before the curtain and expressed his thanks, on behalf of Miss Marian Willis and the company, for the liberal amount of patronage that had been bestowed upon them during their recent visits to Sale, and expressed a hope that he would be enabled' to again visit Sale on some future date with a new com pany and a fresh repertoire of pieces. The new four-oared clinker outrigger for the Sale Rowing Club, built by Mr Greenland, arrived by rail yesterday, and was at once launched in the Thomson river, and snbjected to a trial, the crew speak in the highest terms of her. The builder, we are informed also states she is equal to any boat lie has yet turned out. Hoppicking was commenced by Mr Lardy at Briagolong on Wednesday last. The new kilns erected there are reported to be the finest in Gippsland. The Maffra Shire Council, taking into consideration the great increase in the traffic through the MIaffra township, some tiume ago decided on lighting the streets with lamps. Suitable sites were selected for the erection of the lamp posts, and tenders are now called for that work re turnable at the next meeting of the Coun cil on the 6th of February. At the annual meeting of the SaleRow ing Club, held on Wednesday last, it was incilcentally mentioned that Mr Brown, of the Alion Hotel, lhad promised a donation of five guineas towards the prize fund of the proposed regatta, to be held on the Latrobe river on Easter Motnday. A correspondent writes suggesting that the Borough Council might have the names of the streets printed at various corners, to serve as a guide to stangers who may visit the town and want to know where they are. The suggestions is a good one and as it would entail but little outlay is worth acting on. Reports from Omeo state that the weather lately has been cold and showery, and on Wednesday last it was still threatening rain. This will lave a benefi. cial effect in extinquishing bush fires, whici have been prevalent in that district lately, although it will interfere somewhat with harvest operations. On Tuesday evening last a meeting was held at Bairnsdalo of thle conmmittee ap pointed to take the preliminary steps to establish a district hospital there. An executive conmmittee was formed, and it was decided that tie secretary bshould commsunicate with the memnbers for thle district relative to a site for the hIospital. " Keep your temper" sovereigns (suffer ings to those who take them), and Provin cial and Suburban bank notes are in cir culation. A word to the wise should be sufficient. It is gratifying to be able to record that the adage "opportunity makes the thief" is not invariably true. Not long ago the manager of one of our local banks received through the Post-office ant open envelope containing an uncrossed cheque for four pounds sanid three single notes. The letter, too, was unregistered. Any capable officer from the Society for the prevention of cruelty to animals mniglht put in aday or two at Sale, with advantage to the society and to the relief of sonime poor horses whose condition sadly needs " inspecting." It is an otld saying that " Virtue is its own reward," and the following incident has been brought under under our notice, in which it appears " Honesty" has hlad to " sail in the same boat." On Wednes day last an employd of the Marian Willis' Dramatic Company picked up in Ray mond-streut a purse containing a consider able sum of money, and owent to some little trouble to ascertain the owner, who eventually was discovered in the person of a young lady, who on receiving back her lost property, merely remarked that she was very glad to get it back again-only this, and nothing more Our Dargo correspondent states that Mr J. Smyth, a candidate for the vacant seat at the Mining Board, addressed the elec tors at the Mechanics' Institute on the 19th. The meeting, which was well at tended, was presided over by Mr B. B. Jones. Mr Smyth spoke in favor of the abolition of Mining Boards and in lieu thereof the appointment of a central board, to assemble in Melbourne, to be called the Victorian Mining Council, the Secretary of Mines to be chairman, ex oficio. Two cricket matches will be played to morrow for the Times Challenge Cup. Sale v. Traralgon will be played at Sale, the latter team will consist of the follow ing :--Bencraft, Nicolson, Trinder, Ross, Josephs, Glass, Lloyd, Gilder, White, Reid, and Strangward; emergencies, Swan, Clements, Langlands, and Scanlon. The Traralgon team will consist of Baker (3), Jessutn, Curran, Kenyon, Ewett, Smith, Beard, Storret, and Murray. Rosedale v. Heyfield will be played at Rosedale. The former club will be re presented by Crooke, A. Crowe, Green well, J. W. Bowman, M'Naughton, H. Miller, Rowley, Scott, Simmons, Rintoul, and Deakin; emergencies, D. Crowe, M'Comb, L. Miller, Rosbinson, and W. Bowman. The Heyfield team will consist of Semmens (2), M'Farlane (2), Reynolds, Carpenter, Harbeck, Martin, Robinson, Riggall, and Henderson. The Maffra club will score a walkover, as their opponents, the Tangil club have withdrawn from the contest. A challenge has been received from the secretary of the Bairnsdale Cricket Club to play a match at Maffra on the 2nd prox., which has been accepted by the local club. It is to be hoped (says the Spectator) that the first eleven will turn out for practice every evening, as Bairns dale is supposed to have a very good team this year. The following joke (1) is reported to have occurred in a hotel in Sale a few days ago. A couple of persons entered for the purpose of having a drnk, one of them it appears was wearing a new pair of boots and the other an old pair. The one with the new boots complained that they were too tight and hurt his feet. His friend said he thought they would fit him, and offered to stretch them for him, which offer was accepted. The new boots fitted the " friend" so well that on putting them on he at once walked off with then,, leaving his companion to get on the old ones as best he might. In attempting to do so, however, he found they were fully an inch too short. Not to be beaten, however, with the aid of a pocket knife he ripped the toes of both boots, put them on, and sallied forth in search of the wearer of his new ones, who in tile meanwhile had disappeared. He now vows that he will never again accept an offer from anyone to stretch his boots, but will do it himself. The bridge across the Thomson river at Cowwar, has been the source of an endless amount of correspondence be tween the Shires of Rosedale and Maffra for several years past, the best site for its erection causing a considerable diversity of opinion. This having been satisfac torily settled, the completion of the bridge is an accomplished fact. The con tractors were Messrs Roberts and Hender son, whose tender was accepted in August last for £857. The design of the bridge, which is said to be the handsomest struc ture of the kind in tile district, was pre pared by Mr G. T. Jones, Engineer of the Maffra Shire Council, and the work has been carried out under the supervi sion of Mr W. S. Berrowes, Engineer of the Rosedale Shire Council, and that gentleman reports that the work has been carried out in a most satisfactory manner, reflecting the highest credit upon the con tractors. The length of the bridge over all timber, excepting tile approaches, is 199 feet, having a carriage way 16 feet wide, on the south side there are three spans each 23 feet wide, and on the north side two spans of a similar width, whilst the two centre spans in timhe waterway are 42 feet wide, and are supported by what are known as Queen posts. The deck of the bridge is 28 feet above the summer level of the river, and several feet higher than the highest flood mark. Dalphin piles are also placed two chains up the stream to protect it from floating timber and debris in flood time. The site of the bridge is a short distance to the westward of the railway line, and its erection will prove a great boon to people residing in the vicinity. Tile following transfers in the police force in this district will shortly be effected :-Constable O'Maher, Poowong, to be remsored to Varragul, vice Con stable Hall who will be removed to Wal halla. Constable Halliday from Omen to Poowong, and Constable Jacobs from Sale to Omse. A man and his wife named M'Culloch were committed for trial at the Assize Court, to be held at Sale on the 26th Feb. next, by Messrs Garside and Needley at the Warragul Police court on Friday last, on a charge of robbing a man named O'Meara of £7. At the Traralgon Police Court yester day, before Mr Hare, P.M., and a bench of Justices', Timothy Hogan was charged with carrying firearms at night contrary to the police offences statute. He was bound over to keep the peace for 12 months in two sureties of £50 each, and himself in £100. As the bondsmen were not forthcoming he was removed to the Sale gaol, in custody of Constable Noble. At the Drouin Court of Petty Sessions on Wednesday last, before SIr Hare, P. \l., and a bench of magistrates, a man niamed Johnson, living near Poowong, who failed to answer the summons, was fined £10, or two mnontls imprisonment, for using insulting language in a public place. The police magistrate said he was determined, by enforcing heavy penalties, to put a stop to the use of insulting lan guago, especially when, as in this case, it was used before ladies. Two storekeepers living at Poowong, named Dixoi and Chaffey, were fined in each case 10s, with 10s costs, for selling tobacco without a licence. Excise-officer Guest proceeded against RL G. Scott for sly grog selling, but the bench dismissed the case, on the ground that the evidence of the informer, a labourer named Brown, was not suffi ciently trustworthy to warrant a convic tion. A telegram from Omeo says :-" A few days ago, at Hinnomunjie, as a boy named Lucas was driving a cow with a young calf, the cow rushed at the boy, tossed hIim in tihe air, and savagely gored him vwhen on the ground. On being taken up tt was found that he was badly wounded in the side and neck. Under the care of Dr. Samson he is slowly recovering.' We are in receipt of the current month's number of tie Illustmtated A,tralian Newst. Thie subjects treated by illustra tion embrace a scene in a gold mine, en titled "crib" time; sketches at the El, gineer's exhibition, Melbourne; scenes in Now Zealand, including the tourist season at Lake Wakatipu, Lake Wanaka, Otago; sketches at Cape Bridgewater. The New Zealand Insurance Co.'s new building, Auckland, and a block caused by two passing steamers in the river Yarra. Mr Bowen is the local agent. The proceedings at the election of the city licensing magistrates in .M1elbourne on Wednesday says the Argus, were very noisy. The mayor, MIr C. Smith, pre sided, and said that he would allow all magistrates having business places in the city to vote, in accordance with the opi nion of Mr Webb, Q.C. This gave gene ral satisfaction, as the announcement was loudly cheered. A dispute shortly after wards arose as to how votes should be taken. Mr Lyons moved that the issue should be decided by a show of hands-a proposition which was strenuously opposed by others present. Words ran very high at times, and the confusion was heightened through several persons speaking simul. taneously. Had it not been for the firm. ness of the mayor, the proceedings would have been indefinitely protracted. The candidates proposed were Mr J. Dodgshun Mr T. Garton, and Mr W. M'Lean. A ballot was taken, which resuited in the return of Messrs Dodgshun and Garton, who polled 77 and 74 votes respectively. Mr Dodgshun in returning thanks for the honor is reported by the Herald, to have said he " he had heard it remarked that he had said that if he sat on the Licensing Bench he would close half the public houses in Melbourne. He had never said so. His sentiments were rather the other way, and he would let there be a public house every second door, and leave people to fight it out amongst themselves. Mr F. C. Mason, who was one of the retiring candidates did not seek re-election, in consequence of his duties in Gippsland taking up too much of his time. A general meeting of the Sale Cricket is convened for Wednesday evening next, for the purpose of electing three trustees for the cricket ground, and the appoint ment of a vice-president. A Card.- The management of the Marian Willis Company beg respectfully to return their sincere thanks to Mr H. H. Lowery, Mr J. Clues, and other gentlemen of Sale, for their kind exertions in the disposal of tickets for Managerial Benefit, the result being the substantial and magnificent return of sixty-three pounds four shillings and six-pence. This speaks well for the prosperity of Sale. D. Clinton, Business Manager, Marian Willis Dramatic Company. 