V.R.C. GRAND NATIONAL STEEPLE CHASE MEETING. (FROM OUR MELHOURNE CORRESPONDENT.) Saturday Evening. The usual Winter Steeplechase Meeting held by the Victoria Racing Club wa3 brought off this afternoon at Flemington. The weather was all that could bo desired, and as there was every promise of good sport, there was a very fair at tendance. His Excellency Sir H. B. Loch, Lady Loch and suite arrived shortly before the first race was started, and saw tho card run down. His Excellency waB very gratified at the course and its arrangements, and was treated to some fino sport, the races for the Grand Na tional Hurdle and Steeplechase being worth going miles to see. Sport commenced with tho Maiden Hurdle, for which Hazard was installed first favourite at two to one, but an outsider in tho Bhape of Mr Pearson's mnro Gasalier had no difficulty in beating him at tho finish. Tho Maiden Steeplechase attracted a field of nine, and tho Ballarat horse Marquis of Watorford was mado the favourite, but another horse from the same district, Mr Howie's King ston won. The race, however, was the gift of Mnlono on Robin Hood, who thinking ho was safe, was finishing leisurely, when Kingston caught him napping and won easily by half a dozen lengths. A protest against the winner was dismissed. Ono of tho two big ovents of tho day, tho Grand National Hurdle race followed, and attracted a field of nine. Ringwood was the favourite at three to one, but Don Quixote had a largo number of supporters at a point more. Sundowner made the running but the field closed at tho home turn, Onco into tho straight Mr Inglis' horse was joined by Don Quxoto and Ringwood, and a fine race home took place. Mr Wallace's horse had the most left in him and won by a length. . 'Both first and second horses vrer.e ridden by amateurs. A dozen started for tho Grand National Steeple chase. Gonornl Jackson, Moonlight and Lizotto made tho running, closely attended by Chipponham and Friendless. At tho homo turn there were only tliroo in it namely, Friendless, Chippenham and Moonlight. Olio of tho finest finishes soon oil tho courso followed, Friendless had the best of tho game at tho dis tance, but Kilduff kept resolutely at work on Chippenham and managed to squeeze him homo a winner by a short half length amidst great excitement. Prospect, who had no difficulty in winning the Soiling Hurdlo race, was sold for 125 guineas to Mr G. Weeks, and tho last race foil to Bonnio Boo. Tho following aro tho details of tho running : — Maiden Steeplechase.— A sweepstakes of 5 sovs. each, LI 10s ft., with 150 addod. About two miles and a quarter. Mr R. Howio's Kingston ... (Delaney) 1 Mr E. Bond's Robin Hood ... (Malone) 2 Mr A. Taylor's Marquis of Watorford (Bird) 3 Tho following also started : Kulkyno, The Baron, Yanco, Goodwood, Bard of Erin, and Sir Fyatis. Kulkyno was the first away, fol lowed by Marquis of Waterford, Kingston, and Robin Hood. Yanco refused at tlio first fence. At the second fonco tho Marquis came to grief, but was quickly remounted, and soon afterwards Tho Baron stopped. Kulkyno led into tho straight, followed by Robin Hood. Sir Fyans was tho next to como to grief. Passing tho stand Kulkyno and Robin Hood were togothor. Tho two kept' in front round to the training ground, where Goodwood joined them. Kul kyno and the latter camo to grief, and Robin Hood hud it all his own way. Kingston, however, came very fast, !atid taking Malono by surprise won by four lengths. Time, Gmin. 7j sees. Maiden Hurdle Race. — A sweepstakos of 5 sovs' each. 'LI 10s ft., ivith 150 added. About two miles. Hon. Pearson's Gasalier ... ... (Cupit) 1 Mr Sullivan's Hazard ... ... - -(Batty) 2 Mr Donald's Omadhaun... ... (Bolger) 3 Tho following also started : — Star, Lady Teazle," The Ghost, Cockboat, Stafford, and Ditto. Tho latest betting was 2 to 1 against Hazard, 3 to I against Stafford, and 5 to 1 against the others. On the fall of tho flag Hazard at once went to the front, followed by Stafford and Star. The favourite held his lead until-the near side was reached when Gasalier ran up to him. Tim pair rushed past the bridge togothor, thqn camo Omadhaun and Stafford. At the Abattoirs the mare had a slight lead, but the favourite came again, and was in front pas sing the sheds. Omadhaun was third, Lady Teazle fourth, and Stafford fifth, Star and Ditto being together in the rear. Gasalier was the first into the straight and after a good run homo she won by a length. Time — 3min 53Jsecs. Grand National Hurdle Race.— A handi cap sweepstakes.of 10 sovs, each, 3 ft, with 300 added. The second iiorse to receive 50 sovs., and the third 25 sovs. out of the stako. About three miles, Mr Wallace's Don Quixote, (M'Glasscock) Mr Inglis' Sundowner, = ... ' .!. (Owen) jj Mr Faikner's Ringwood, ... (Scobie) 3 Tho following also started Tho Joker, . On tario, Flamborbugb, Yarree, Tantaliser, and Sinking Fund. The Joker, Ontario, and Sun downer were the first away, Flanaborough bring ing up the rear. Tantaliser then took up the running and led Sundowner, who was followed by Sinking Fund round the River turn. Flam- borough and the favourite were still in the rear, Yarree now beginning to go up, and she was on terms wit|i Sundowner at the back, then oame sinking Fund, Ontario, Don Quixote, The Joker, and Tantaliser. At the abattoirs Sundowner ' and Tantaliser led the rest, who were together. Sundowner and Tantaliser led past the sheds, followed by Ontario and Sinking Fund, then camo The Joker, Don Quixote, the favourite, Flnmborough bringing up the rear. Mr Inglis' horse maintained his lead. The Joker came down at the abattoirs. Tantaliser retired, and Sinking Fund ran up second to Sundowner. Ontario now made his effort, and at the sheds was leading Sundowner, who was followed by Sink ing Fund and Don Quixote. Mr Sullivan's liorso, however, soon shut up, and Ringwood came up with a great run. Work now began in earnest and a grand race home ensued. Sun downer appeared to have the best of it, but Don Quxote had too much in hand and won by: a length, Ringwood was a good third. Time, 5 min. 43; sees. Grand National Steeplechase. — A handi cap sweepstakes of; 15 sovs each, 4ft., with 400 added. The second horse to receive 50 sovs., and the third 25 sovs. out of the stake. About three miles. Mr Noils' Chipponham ... ; ... (Kilduff) 1 Mr Power's Friondloss ... . (Batty) 2 Mr Grades' Moonlight."..' : " ... i . ... ' 3 The following also started : — Blackthorn, Lizette, General Jackson, Katunga, Fame, Aus tralian Court, All Serene, Union, and Hands Down. Watson got thein away to a grand start. All Serene at once went to the front, followed by Friendless, Fame, and Hands Down. Black thorn and Katunga being last. General Jackson then went through and raced with All Serene along the near side, followed by Fame and Lizette. General Jackson led over the first fence, then came All Serene, Lizette, Fame, Chippenham, and Moonlight. Lizette ran up second lit tho bridge, and Panie camo to grief at tho first of (ho double. All Serene now dropped back, anil Lizette took up tho running, followed by General Jackson, Katunga, Mooiiiigh'-jChippenhamandBlacklhorn. General Jackson had the lead passing tho sheds, Moonlight being second, Lizette third, and Chip penham fourth. Moonlight and General Jack son were together coming into the straight, followed by Chippenham, Lizette, and Hands Down. Passing the stand Moonlight and Lizette were together, then oame Genoral Jackson, Chippenham, Blackthorn, and Katunga. Lizette led Moonlight by two lengths at the river sido, Chippenham and Genoral Jackson being next about twelve lengths off. No alteration took place until tho sheds were reached, where General Jackson camo down. Chipponham then ranged alongside Lizetto, and had a two lengths lead over the last jump. Moonlight and Friendloss wore at the head of the next division. Friendless now camo with a rush, and entered the straiuht alongside. ChiDnonham and Moon- light being in close attendance. A splendid finish homo ensued, Friendless having tho best of it until about 50 yards from homo, when Chip ponham came gamely and won by half a length. Timo, 7 miu. Selling Hurdle Race. — A sweepstakes of 3 sovs. each, with 100 added. Two miles, Mr T. Oorrigan's Prospect ... (owner) 1 Mr J. Calvert's Ned Kelly ... (Hught) 2 Borderman was the only other starter. Border- man led over the first hurdle, followed by Pros pect and Ned Kelly. The favourite and Bor derman raced past the stand together, but tho latter took it into his head to run off at tho river side, and put himself out of it. Prospect then had 110 difficulty in disposing of Ned Kelly. Timo, 4min. Osocs. Flat Race. — A handicap of 5 sovs. each, LI 10s ft'., with 150 added. For 2 years-old and upwards. Ono mile. Mr A. M'Donald's Bonnio Bee ... (Trivhan). 1 Mr S. Miller's Pailleroo (Olds)' 2 Mr D, S. Wallace's Duenna ... (O'Brien) 3 The following also started : Bassanio, Ironmas ter, Golden Butterfly, Blaok Diamond, Virago, Norfolk, Regulator, Liberator, Castaway, Too Too, Impulso, Lyons Lady, and Yellow Ham mer. Too Too got away well and rushed to the front, but she soon came back to tho field. They were all ill a cluster at tho home turn, but once in the straight Bonnie Boo came away, and won by a length from .Pailleroo. Time, lmin. 46 sec! . 