S. ANACLETUS' MISSION CHURCH. Sunday, .November 23, was a day of peculiar interest amongst the Catholics of Petersburg. Dr. Reynolds, the Bishop of Adelaide, arrived by the afternoon train from Adelaide, and was met at the station by the i Rev. J. H. Norton, the pastor of the district, | and the Rev. A. Kreissl, S. J., of Jamestown. On Sunday a vast concourse of people con gregated from all parts around to witness the opening, dedication and blessing of the ] Mission Church of S. Anacletus, Petersburg. The ceremony began at 11 a.m. in a very im posing manner, and consisted chiefly of appro priate invocations, prayers, and psalms being solemnly recited by tne Bishop and clergy walking in procession with acolyteB and | crosB-bearer round the entire building, whilst theBishop sprinkled the walls and foundations. The Litanies of the Saints were then recited at the altar, concluding with several beautiful I psalms. Mass was then celebrated by the ] Rev. Edward O'Brien; after which the Bishop preached the dedication sermon, taking as the basis of his discourse the wordB of 2 Paralipomenon vii., 12, 15, 16— I " And the Lord appeared to him (Solomon) by night and said: I have heard thy prayer, nyselr and i have chosen this place to myself for house of sacrifice. My eyes shall be open, and my ears attentive to the prayer of aim that shall pray in this place. For 1 have chosen and have sanctified this place that My name may be there for ever, and My ears and My heart remain there perpetually. His Lordship said it was a day of great rejoicing for the Church of God, inasmuch as they had assembled to wituessthededicationofatemple to Him in honour of one of His chosen ser vants, S. Anacletus, the third of the illus trious line of popeB and martyrs of the early Church. He then made a comparison between the dedication of Solomon's majestic temple and God's acceptance of it as a house of sacrifice on the one hand and the dedica tion of Christian Catholic templeB in the new law on the other, showing that all the glory and majesty of the old dispensation were as nothing compared with the reality of the presence of God with them in their Catholic Churches. The one wsb but a type or Their fa shadow, the other the reality. Their fanes, however humble or poor, were greater than Solomon's temple with all its grandeur on account of the real presence of Jesus ChriBt with them in the holy sacrifice of the Mass, in which they received not the blood of goats or of oxen but the tru6 body and blood of Jesus Christ, which were truly and really sacrificed upon the Catholic altar daily. He referred to the altars found in the tombs of the martyrs in the catacombs of Rome, and concluded by saying that it was truly a day of rejoicing that they had another temple in which this Holy Mass would in future be offered, and the words of God would more than ever be verified that He had chosen it as a house of sacrifice. The Bishop then made an appeal in aid of the building, and £81 was sub scribed. The choir, which was very kindly assisted by Mr. and Mrs. Milner, of Jamestown, rendered Webbe's Mass in G during the service. The building, which was tastefully decorated, was lately purchased from the WeBleyans, but numerous additions I and alterations nave been effected, the prin cipal of which are a pretty sanctuary and feet in sacriBty 14 feet by 12 feet in the form of a J pentagonal apse, with corniced and coved ceiling stained and decorated in imitation of huon pine and cedar. An elliptic arch crownB the sanctuary and separates it from the old building with a neat communion-rail and chastely designed altar. Coloured glaBs has been used in the windows, crosses erected on 1 the gables, together with a nicely toned Church bell, whilst the entrance has been covered with a porch. More ventilation has been provided in the building, making it in every way suitable for divine worship. The works have been carried out by Mr. Jabez Wright and the decorations effected by Mr. William Moore, both of Petersburg, under the direction of the Rev. Father Norton. • In the evening the building was again crowded, Rosary was recited, and the Bishop again preached on the Holy Sacra ment of Confession, taking as his text the words from the epistle of the day—" In whom we have redemption through His blood, the remission of sins"—Coloss. i. 14. He stated that this power to forgive sins wsb in the Church, and described its institution and divine origin from the words of Jesus Christ, "Receive ye the Holy Ghost; whose sins you shall forgive they are forgiven them, and whose sins you shall retain, they are re tained." His Lordship concluded with a most fervent and impressive exhortation to his hearers to love that holy sacrament, and j to seek it always with the proper disposi tions, inasmuch as it is the only ordinary remedy of blotting out our sins committed after the grace of baptism has been lost. The Bishop was listened to with great atten tion. 