MYSTEH10US FREiKS. Those who entertain the belief that thi sp'rite o the departed revisit this wo'ld for thi purpose oT p aring gr it^sque tri ks » ill find no diSicully in. a counting for the singu ar scries of occurrence* now reported from a email Shropshire vi'ioge, and may even regard tbise manifestations as constitut. ing at the pre-e:it moment a triumphant proff of tbe soundness of ilieir opimons- i'lio person with whom the Btrange events are ussociated is a young tirl, Emma Davii-s, living vriih her parents at Weston Lulli gfield, and des -ribed, on medical authority as of highly nervous temperame it, but not, apparently, ol cunning disposition. Wherever this gi r l may be, the surroundings appear to become o--casioMly ii.imated. Flower pots dance on the window sills, chairs and tables stroll about the room, clothes are torn, and gla^s and china broken a, tbey hang on tbe walls. When she attempt* any domestic tisk the brush or bucket is torn from her bands, the house linen flies away to a distance, and her boots usually accompany it. More series missies still are mysteriously flung from her father's house, one Tisitant having been cut with a knife, and another injured by a stone ; and not unnaturally the whole district is alarmed and excited, whilst the investigations yet made fail to afiordany solution of tbe marvels which h-ive now, as alleged, continued for some weskB. Doctors ana local magnates haying been baffled, tne superstitious but somewhat illogical Salopians fancied that the invisible power might be awed or detected by the eye ofthe law. Accordingly a la*-ge b?dy of the Shropshire coastabulry v Bited and inspected the place, and one of their number has since remained on guard. But the unseen agent attending Emma Davies makes fun of the policeman, causing fendora to move across the floor and obstruct his path, and books, cushions, and other articles to fly around his head with terrible results, it may be assumed, to hia professioml dignity. Two centuries ago, instead of watching for Borne natural cause of such effects, he would probably have seized this girl o£ thirteen on the charge of witchcraft, and she might have shared the fate of other juvenile witches, the last of whom, burned for casting "spells" on tho Tbrockmortons in Huntingdonshire, was considerably younger. There can be no diubt, after making due allowance for misrepresentaiion and exsgseration, that remarkable circumstances have occurred in connection with £mma Davies, and that ehe belongs to tbe hysterical, hyper-sensitive olass whi"h has in all cenLuries produced fairing girls, vision beholders, mystic dreamers, and too often lunatics. Medical scientists declare that the peculiar condition of brain and nerve power which has unquestionably enabled such young women to perform wondrous feats of endurance, trickery, ingenuity, and simulation is present only for a few years, during which, however, they are scarcely responsib'e for the use made of it. In the present instance the eccentric scheme ssems more complicated and cleverly managed that of tbe C-'ck-lane Ghost and numerous eim-lar impostu-es, but there is little reason to doubt that it is wholly devised and performed by the girl herself. The idea that she has accomplices in her home is rendered less probible by the fact that the manifestations were first shown at the farmhouse where she was in service, and that tbey have appeared when she wis visiting neighbours. It is, moreover, noticeable tbat they curiously resemble TJjephenomen a. ofthe most advanced eo-called spiilTnalisnj, in-wbidr movement this little maidservant in her abnormal state of mind might furnish a "celebrated "mediw". A far better fate would be her removal from the scene of her notoriety a- d speedy restoration, under medicalc re. to ordinary eeuse, when she might return to show her humb'e friends that she has more pitiable than blamable in alarming them.— English paper. ' = = = » ^ r With regard to the building eociety statistics fot 1882, the Banking Eec-ri sa-s:—"Tbe smma advanced is the largest recorded In any of the e even y-ars fahula-e* in t v e titcment before us. Th im\r K e s' own in 1892 as comp r d wi'h the p^ec din. ye r s £235,414. On the other Bide depoBjtB show the iuc ease of £201,707- 