THE MERCURY MONDAY MORNING, NOV. 10, 1884, TUB moro WO considor the correspondence between tho Managor of tho Main Line Railway and tho Government, tho moro 'clearly it appoars to us that the timo has ¡como whoa a final sottloment of all ¡matters in dispute should bo mado. It is evident that tho position iu which tho ¡Manager finds himself ¡B one of consider- able difficulty, so that it is to his interest to prolong the controversy as much as pos- sible, and to avoid all that will tend to get a final decision arrived it. He is, so .to speak, sparring for wind. Ho is de- sirous of having discussion follow diaaus siou, letUr follow lotter, and the moro discussion and tho more correspondenco, ,thero aro, the better will his purpose ¡bp _ served, Of course, wo do not blame Mr. GRANT for this, J It is his .business to defend by all means in his Ipower the interests of his/company, to 'get as mush as he eau for it, and to yield as little aB possible. ' So far, ho has boen successful. He has~managod to Bpond a great deal of money, to which, so far aa [appearances iat presort go, ,tho company {has not any equitable claim, and' . he' has 'dangled h fine bunch of carrots boforo the 'Governmental'dontey, twhich has made that noble ana loud-voicod animal go in the direction required at a vory satisfac 'tory rate. The bunch of carrots is dis- played once more, but at present the donkey does not soem to be inclined to go, ¡though no human being can tell how soon it-, will make a atari again, and 'rush away wildly in the hope of ¡catching the evor-moving prize. ' Bo ¡far as the action- of Parliament goeB, .worse than nothing has boen done. Cer- tain Members got off tlieir indignation on ¡Friday last,but ¿hoy expressed it in a form ¡which means that all action of any value shall be stopped for another nine months or so.. They have decided that there shall be1 no.arbitration without Parlia- ment' shall have been first consulted, which implies, of course," that there shall not be an; until next Session, and after another debate,1 and another resolution of 'one or both Houses, As an example of how-not-to-do-it, the action taken on Friday may be classed with soma of the 'finest on record, and we fancy that Mr. | GBAHT« will be ' quite; content with ¡the decision of the Assembly, in spite of the many hard things that ¡were said.' Now, we may ask, if the Government cannot go to arbi- tration without consulting Parliament 'once moro, can it take and adhere to such 'action as will bring matters to a crisis 'when Parliament is not Bitting ? The stoppage of disputed payments moans, of course, a rosolvo to bring the long differ- ences to a final settlement, but how can .tho ' necessary action for a settlement bo taken when Ministers are bound hand and foot by the resolution of tho As- sembly 1 Mr. GRANT will havo just auch a case as ho must desiro, bocauso he will be able to show that ho is tho victim of gross injustico, inasmuch as the Govern- ment refuses to arbitrate on the matters in dispute, whilst it acts as if it was proved to be in tho right. He will, moreover, be able to show that tho action taken may causo thej railway to be closed, without a resolution of tho Parliament, and he will insist, and. with-very groat force too, that this is responsibility that no Ministry is justified in taking. We think that we may safely predict, that if mattera re- main as 'they are, the Government will ogain give way, and the Main Line Com- pany will again continuo to cheerfully spend the monoy which ought to be applied to the reduction of tho interest. The PREMIER has intimated that he in- tends to recommend tho TREASURER to ko- jp back a sum of £6,800 odd, said to have been wrongly spent, and Mr. GRANT replies that such a, proceeding will pro- vont --the payment of the interest to the mortgagees, and yet it is proposed to hans; the businoss up for somo nine months, and prevent'the Ministry .taking, the course which it declares to be i the only practic I able on», J ", O i** ' ?> Lot us tako'another aspect of the ques- tion."' The PRESITBR has intimated to the Manager that ,it is desirable, that t he. should agree to certain, defined positions, amongst other, things, ,tho running of no additional trains,'etc.,'as detailed by us on.Saturday; This lis tall very well, bul supposing.^heJMariágsr/does nnot.agree. <Mr. GKANT; replies/"Ï will forthwith 'refer thèse defined positions to my Board .of Directors in England, as it is obvious that' ,suchi a radical alteration in their duties land powerst can be deoidednpon by them alone." He also'points but that if these_defined positions aro agreed to, 'the Company must be relieved of the re- sponsibility of managing its own proporty,' and the Government will "be involved in the-consecfUencesthat may follow. Do hon. MejnberB oftheAssembly understand what 'all. this means 7¡ Do they comprehend that this is opening up a contention which, is not at all likely to be settled for a very long time, and which, if it was settled as proposed by the Ministry,, would leave roora for almost endless disputos 1 Wo have heard something about dual controls and their consequences before now, and we may safely decide that if this one was brought about, it would result in end- less confusion, disputes, and loss to tho country. "Wo may' predict, we think, that it never will be brought about,-1 be- cause the Directors aro not likoly to ¿ive over to the Government of this Colony the management-for that ' is what ' it mean«-of , their property, and if the terms are refused, what does the Ministry propose to do then ? The fact is, Minis- ters have launched out on to a shoreless sea, and they have not decided, and cannot deoide, on what course they ought to steer. 1 To our mind, thoro appears but one woy in which to deal properly with this matter, and .wo think that Parliament, before it separaten, should instruct the Ministry dearly on the point. It is idle to lay down conditions that cannot be upheld, and which, if agreed to voluntarily, would be the recommencement of another pro- longed and ' moro complicated disputo There is but ono plain, practical course, which will bring matters to a crisis, and get to firm ground to stand upon at last. It is this,' lot the' Government 'adhere strictly to the terms (of the agreoment, and positively refuse to allow any ex- penditure which' ia;, not strictly for proper ' working expenses and renewals. There ^should be no such absurdities 'as paying ' fe« ' stations destroyod by fire, which will bo followed by a demand for the renowal of bridgos destroyed by floods, and tho payment of compensation for accidents on the lino. The renowal-fund, fixod on tho baila of the funds of othor railway companies, should cover nil contingencies, aud tliis may bo frooly allowed to bo deducted from .tho profits. On this baais the Government should proportion RB payments, and if ttioao payments should provo to bo unsatis- factory to the Company, tho Directors can take such action as they muy doom dosir ablo, orpossiblo, in tho circumstances of the caso. This coureo would involvo somo trouble, but it would provo to bo the shortest and least troublesome way out of tho difficulty, and an ond would bo brought to disputes which are, ovidontly, now growing one out of the othor in endless succession. A COUNTERBLAST to our artiolo on tho shoop tax, or Scab Aot fund, has hoon proposed by Mr. Inspeotor Harrison, and was laid before ho Assembly on Wednesday, It sots forth that the benefits derived by shoepowners from the working of tho Act are very conBidor ablo, tho saving oflabour beiug sot;down at £50,000 por annum, and the increased quan- tity of wool at £145,000 por annum. No- body would ho so foolish.os to dispute that itlio eradication of scab is an onormous ¡benefit to shcepfarmers, for which they ought topsy, and thoy did pay oheorfully; but wo submit that thU is not precisely the question. Scab ""no' longer i oxists! in the colony, and whatever may be tho benofits conferred on shoepownors by Its eradication, nothing can bo dearer thon that they ought only to be called upon to pay for such work ,as is necessary to prevent it breaking out again. If it was neccosary to put on a tax of ono penny a sheop, or even moro, in order to maka the Colony clean, 'wo do not think that anybody would objeot, ibut when tho Colony is clean, it is obvious .that tho tax should not bo loviod beyond ¡what is required for preventive measures. .Mr. Harrison alleges, howover, that the ?hosp owners greatly benefit by the destruc- tion of rabbits, ten millions of whioh are 'estimated to have boon destroyed within tho" lost two years, and wo shall 'not dispute ths conclusion at which ho has arrived. We agree, at onco, that landowners generally rocoive great benefits,' from tho , destruction both of rabbits and thistles, and that it is desirable that effort should'bo made to keep down the Californian thistle, as it is a most terrible ¡post. But, this does'not answer the question asked by a correspondent :-" Why should the unfortunate sheop-owuors be taxed for exterminating rabbits and thistles more than the agriculturists, whoso crops would suffer if these pests wero not kept within bounds 1" This is the question which is required to bo answered, and Mr. Harrison does not touch it in any way. If it bo admitted, ,as it is, that the destraction of rabbits and thistles ia a1 great benefit to all land-owners, surely, then all land-owners ought to be taxed in proportion to the bonofits which thoy obtain. If tho work done is actually national in oharaoter, as is implied in tho statement to which we have referred, it cannot pos- sibly be fair to pay the cost of that work by a tax on ono portion of the community only. The owners of cattle benefit equally with the owners- of sheep, and tho agriculturist gets, alan, his share of the advantago of tho work done. Tho proper course seems to bo, 'to lovy a small tax on all the persons who recoivo tho boncfits of the carrying out of the law, not to double tho tax on tho sheep owners, and, moreover, a tax which is levied ostensibly for a purpose to whioh it is not applied. We do not seo how the course taken can bo defended on any grounds of justice, the utmost that can bo said for it being, that taxing the sheepowners for what i8 roquired is a very easy way of pro- viding the funds for the carrying out of the law. _ í CABLE NEWS -An important judgment Jias been given in the London Law Courts, ruling that the liquidators of tho Oriental Bank must repay in full all liabilities as to Government funds, colonial or otherwise. Two colonial celebrities have successfully essayed ephemeral authorship. Mr. Murray Smith, tho Victorian Agent-General, has written a pamphlot on federation, and Mr. Fitzgibbon, Town Clerk oi Melbourne, has eombatted Mr. Henry George's views on progress and poverty. "Further newi of fighting between the French and Cbineso forces state that. tho latter have met « ith severo repulso at Tamsui. Egyptian tele- grams Btate that tho Nilo is at proscnt closed at tho Second Cataract. Tho item, howover, is, vague in its possible meaning. Lord Wolseley has advised the Horso Guards that a general advance of his expedition will not take place until Christmas,, and also ho has astertained that the Mahdi :nt present is encaped to the north of Khartoum with but a smaU'follovting. . Tho Franchise'Bill has. Sasscd its second reading in1 the' HOMO of' Ommons by a good majority. Chdlora con- tinues to spread in Paris, and tbe daily dedtli rate, is , increasing, , It is now definitely i Btatcd that the Democratic candidato lias, won tho Presidential election, Tho latest quotation of tin in the London market is £75 5s. per ton. ¡ INWARD P. AND O. MAILS.-Tho following was received at tho local telegraph office from Adelaide'at 9-5 a m. - yesterday : 'j RM.Sl'Mirzaporo' arrived' at Glenelg'at 5"45 a.m." ?> , «' mu jin i'«i »d' > «'< \ PARLIAMENT.-Both Houses of tho Legis- lature will meet to-morrow aftornoon tocom menna the work of what is hoped to be the last week of the session. In the Council thei order paper has swollen to plethoric proporf tiona, ali the bills which havo boen, .rushed up"from the Assembly making a formidable array of work for the legislators in another placo. In tho Assembly, Dr. Crowther is to oak the lion: the Attorney-General if his at- tention has been called to tho way valuable gun carriages are exposed to the weather on the parapet of the Alexandra Battery ; and the next items aro the second reading of tho Tasmanian Main,Line Railway Customs' Duties Compensation Bill, the second read- ing of jRcoorder Whitefoord's i Pension Bill; tho second reading of,thc Scab Appropriation Bill, and the second roading of tho Appro Çnation Bill. In -moving the latter, the 'reaeurer will make a statement in regard to tho finances of the colony, as affected by tho supplementary items of public works ox penditurewhich have recently been proposed. The rule of the week in tho Assembly will be to take first the hills which have yet to 1 bo considered in tho Council, leaving those whioh havo been sont in from that chamber to bo dealt with afterwards. Amongst these is the Bills of Exchange and Codification Bill, a lengthy and valuahle measures which is looked upon as of great importance to the commercial world. LAUNCESTON REAL ESTATE DUTIES OPFIOB. -The chairman of tho board appointed to onquiro into the state of the Real Estate Duties Office.! at Launceston, and the cauBcs whioh led thereto, handed in the board's report to the Government on Satur- day. The tonour of the report is understood to be generally unfavourable to the northern collector, Mr. S. Henry. The board are satisfied that the statement that proper instructions and forms were not issued to him, was incorrect, tho ovidenco of Mr. R. M. Johnston, then chief clerk of the Audit Department, being considered conclusivo on the point. Tho board speak in vory high terms of the elaborate system which Air. Johnston prepared, and oxpress the opinion that, if it hud been carried out, it would have prevented the disorder, irregularity, and unpleasantness which have now occurred. They consider that Mr. Henry showed want of attention to his duties in not using moro careful oversight in the oQIce, tho work being of such a naturo that any mau of ordinary taut and business aptitudo could ensily ho\e had it carried out Íiiopcrly ; and that he is generally to blame or the state of disorganisation into w hich tho office fell. Mr. Butler is also blamed for not having recognised that tho Latin oeaton office was only a branch one, and so subject to his supervision. The report will be laid before Parliament to-morrow after- noon. It was not within the province of the board to make any recommendations for thor future conduct of tho office, but, the Government intend to act upon the report atones. MUNICIPAL.-Tho Municipal Council will moot to-morrow, 11th ¡nat., al tho Muni- cipal Council chamber, at 3 o olock, when tho following businoBB will liavo consi- deration, besides subjects that may rce,uiro prompt attention during tho silting. ReportB from tho various committeos :-Public works.-On petition from ratopayors of Lati8downo Crescent, asking to liavo tho limekiln quarry fenced in, Lottor from Di E. L. Crowther, drawing attention to tno atato of tho footpath in Napolcon- Bticot. Lottor from Mr. Tlios. MbLoughlin, asking pel mission lo erect a sign board in Brisbano streot. Letter from Mr. W. Granger, offer- ing to supply road metal. Lottor from Mr. Thoa. Tate, with roforonoo to path in Frcdo rlck- street. Letter from Mr. R. R. Burt, asking tho Council to reconsider his applica- tion for permission to mako a oroaatng in Warwiok-strcot. Lottor from Mr. George Korr, complaining of defeotlvo drainago in Little Melhourno-street. Waterworks. Lottor from Mr. J. W. Johnston, asking for water to bo laid on to houao in Hill-strcot. l'olico -Letter from Mr. John Mercer, re- signing his position as pound-keopor. CHURCH OF ESOLAND.-A corresponuont writes :-" Tho Bishop of Tasmania reached Macquarie Plains ou Thursday, October 30, and remained until the followlug Tuesday. On tho Saturday a meeting of the parlali ionora was hold at the schoolroom to wolcomo lum, it being his first viait to that cure. Tho reply to thoir address gavo vory great ploa ' suro to all prosent, as it shovvod so unmis- takably tho interest tho Bishop takes in the country districts. On the following Sunday a confirmation waa hold in tho Church of i St. Mary, when 33 candidatos wero pro ¡sented. Tho Bishop preached in tho Behool room in tho oveuing. His visits to the houses of all classes was highly appreciated, .proving him to bo tho friend of the poor man as well as of the rieh. Bishop Sandford purposes to hold a confirmation at St. John's, Plenty, foi tho benefit of residents tho other sido of tho Dorwont on tho first Sunday in December." CHURCH PARADE,-A ohuroh parado ol 'thoSouthern division of tho local forces waa l hold ycatcrday morning, Tho woathor was magnificent, and thore was an excollout muster of volunteera. The throo branches of the forco aaaombled at tho barracks at 10 e'olock, the numbors present being :-Riflca, 92 (inoluding commissioned ofheora and band), under command of Captain O'Boylo ; Artilloty, about 80, under Captain Evans ; .and Engineers, 44, under Liout. Burnott. Tho commandant, Colonel Logge, waa in oaargo of the whole, and tho staff officer, Captain Boddam, aoted as brigade major. Tho division woro then marched out, headed by tho Rifle Band, playing sacred music, andnrocoedod down Macquarie- streot, where a detachment entered St. JoBtph's R C. Church, and tho remainder attendod the service at St. David's Cathedral. There ,was a large congregation at tho latter place ¡of worship, and tho Borvico waa a most ? attractive ono. The first lesson was road by ¡Arohdoaoon Davenport, and tho second ¡hy Bishop Sandford, whilst the Rev. John Gray aaaistod at tho prayers, The sermon was preaohed by the incumbent, 'Rev. H. C. Hancock, who took for his text Judges xvi., 6, "Tell me, I pray theo, ,wbereln tby great strength lietli. The band accompanied tho choir in tho four hymus "Onward, Christian soldiers," "Christian, seek not yet repose," "Oft in danger, oft in 'woe," and "Through the night of doubt and sorrow." The accompaniments were rather loud, and it would perhaps bo better if a proper rohearaal with band and ohoir were arranged beforo tho next Sunday parade. At tho conclusion of the sorvico the men wore marched back to tho Barraoks, and dismissed shortly after 1 o'clock. APPLICATION IN CHAMBERS.-An applica- tion was made to His Honor tho Acting Chief Justice in Chambers on Saturday, which, on account of its being tho first of its kind over made in the colony, was of con- siderable Interest to both the logal profession and the mercantdo community. A short time ago the estate of Mr., John Pell, who had for some years been carrying on ono of the largest hardwaroand export businesses in Birmingham, was declared bankrupt, but Erior to this ,a quantity of machinery had oen shipped to Mesara. McGregor, Piesso, and Co., of Hobart, Tho English creditors desired to obtain possession ofthis property, and applied for tho aid and assistance of the Supreme Court of Tasmania in tho adminis- tration of tho bankrupt catate in this colony. The application waa laid under tho English Statute, 33 Viet., No. 32, ohap. 71, Boot. 74, and was supported by an affidavit by Mr. iWm. Crosby, jun. It asked for leavo to carryon, the noceasary proceedings with tho aid of the registrar of tho Tasmanian Court as trustee, and that an order be made by the .Court'for tho salo of tho goods men- tioned. Mr. Curzon Allport (Roberts and Allport) appeared in support of tho applica- tion, and Mr. Ball (GiU and Ball) on behalf of Mesara. McGregor, Piesse, and Co. After hearing arguments on both aldea, His Honor made an order in the term of the application. In a matter under the Vendor and Purchasers Aot, and purchase of oertain land by William Steven- son from Robert Parkinson Brooko, Now Town, Mr. T. Sheehy appeared in support of a Bummons to show cause why the account to Stevenson of land at Now Town, in Tas- mania, by tho agent of tho mortgagor, with the consent of tho mortgageo, should not bo completed by the said mortgagor, and the sum,of £1.253 12s. 7d., or such sum as shall represent the purchase of 32a. lr. 39 9'10p. of land, at the rate of £38 11s. Cd. per aero, aud why the difference between the said sum and the total sum of £1,350, already depo- sited as tho consideration money in terms of the contract, such dlflbrenco amounting to, the sum of £96 "¡à., should not be refunded' to the said Win. Stevenson. Tho Attorney Geueral appeared for tho vendor. After hearing arguments on both sides, His Honor dismissed the summons with costs. i A RECALCITRANT BANKRUPT.-Mr. D. H. Crisp made application to His Honor the Acting Chief Justice in chambers on Satur- day, in_ tho bankruptcy eaao of H. E. Baggott, of tho Dusty, JJiller Inn, Glen- orchy,' for an or'dor to commit tho' bankrupt to gaol for'having refused to give up posses- sion of his premises. Mr. J. A. Jackson appeared on bohalf of the bankrupt. His Honor made an order requiring the latter to givoup possession of his premises within sovon daya, and in the event of r'efUBal at .tho end of ^hat-period laiiWiuraut,,to iaauo for his arrest. Í Cur POLICE COORT.-Mr,T W. Tarleton, P.M., and Mr.- T, Ludboy, J.P., presided at the City Police Uotjrt on Saturday morning. Bridget Rollinson, for'distiirbing tho peaco, was fined 10s. .Gd.,5Jn1 default "14 days' im I ririsonmont.H% ' Cathermo Savago, for dis- obedience 'of a summonB, was lined 20s. i Gd., in default one months' imprison , mcutT' '' ' Catherluo 'Antonia, ' for in- decent behaviour,- was -fined-20s. Gd., and Mary Ann Williams,,-for .disturbing tho peace, was fined in-a similar amount. An inebriate named Richard Farrell was fined 5B. Alfred J. Cox, for embezzlement, was farther remanded for a week, TOURISTS'QUIDE.-Mr.Howard Haywood, who has nearly completed his tour through Tasmania, states that ho intends shortly to issue a bandy guide for visitors,'with full particulars of the most interesting places worth visiting. Having already occupied l8 months in travelling tho " colony, he should bo able to give much valuablo and useful information. Almost every settle- ment in tho island has been vlBitcd by bim, and ho has given his popular lecture upon " Maorlland" to 'over 300 audiences. He calculates that he has walked several thou- sand miles, his only companion, on many oc caaiona, being' a swag, 001b. to 701b. in weight. The greatest distance walked in one day was 44 miles, without swag ; and with swag 25 milea. DEATH OF AN OLD IDENTITY. -James Alexander, better known as "Old Alick," has died at the residence of his daughter, Mrs. Main, near the wharf, at the age of 72, after an illness of some five months' duration. He was born on the estate of Clagan, in Lanarkshire, and came to Tas- mania many years ago. He was placed on Betsy's or Franklin Island by the late Mr. J. W. Graves, to protect the game placed there for acclimatisation purposes, a vocation for which he had much aptitude and taste, and only left there recently, when failing health compelled him to come to Hobart. He held an appointment as armourer in the Hobart police for 17 years, and was also chief district constable at Recherche, and also at Southport. He was well-known to all the older residents of Hobart and its vicinity. BiorcLiNO.-About a score of bicyclists met at the Post Office on Saturday after- noon and, headed by Mr, Gcorgo Hinsby, started thence for a tour of tho city. Tho proceedings wore, however, very tamo. A goodly crowd had assembled in response to tho announcement of tho meet, hut all that the cyclists did was to arrive in ones and twos, and then in very unceremonious fashion, dart away again, without any an- nouncement by bugle call or other way. So Budden, indeed, waa the move, that three tricyolists who had turned up to do honour to tho occasion wore loft behind, and had to taka a spin by thomselves. Tho spectators, expected a little drill or other entertain- ment.. As.it was,/tho promised spectacle was a delusion and a snare, and was certainly not worth advertising to tho1 general publie, VICTORIAN REVIEW. - Tlio Novombor number of tho Victorian Itcvicw is not noarly up oven to its own standard, either in the quality or variety of tim artiolos it contains. Tho editor commences tho number hy asking tho formidable quostiun, " Will tho Glad- stone Government bo pormllted to nohlovo their aim : The dismoinboi-inout of the Empire?" and, without directly answering it, ho proceods to draw up a crushing im- peachment of tho wholo colonial and foreign polioy of tho Gladstono Administration. " Thora is not a singla section of English Hocioty," ho declares, " whoso sympathies and confidence havo not been moro or less wounded and alienated by the criminal inde- cision which has accompanied their dealings with ovory political quostion of vital import- ance." Narrowing his argiimentdown toa dis- cussion of tho federation question, tho writer taxos Sir Henry Parkes with tergiversation on tho subject, as shown by tho difference botwoon his rocont utterances and tho man- ner in which ho both wrote and spoko fivo years ago. A contributor, who adopts the nom de plume of " S. J.," has somo 20> pages of " Speculations of an Invalid," which aro chiefly remarkable from tho fact that the invalid rofcrrcd to talks volubly on trans condontal subjeots, and fills throo pagos of tho Jicview ropeatodly without a hroak as ho reclines in tho twilight. Mr. J. Reid, in a well- considered artielo, discusses tho possi- bility of an invasion of Australia, and our moans of dofonco. Do combats tho po- pular scepticism as to tho formor con- tingency, and maintnins that there would be no difficulty in despatching a foroo 'of from 4,000 to 5,000 mon, fully equipped, from any Europoan seaport, and landing them on the Australian coast within two months aftor their embarkation. It would not require, ho thinks, a very large forco,to ovorcomo tho resistance to bo expected from tho very small number of mon whom any. ouo of the Australian colonies could, undor tho present Bystom, put in tho field to oppose an iuvador. Victoria and Now South Wales, havo about tho samo nominal forco, but, after' allowing for necessary garrisons, noithor colony could hopo to havo moro than 2,000 men to moot the onomy in the finid, and oven that forco would bo of little avail against disciplined troops, unless tho- roughly organisod and ofneorcd. Tho great distanco from Europo is being, minimised moro and moro oach year, and'tho' groat size of modorn vessels rondors a much smallor number necessary for tho _ transpor-, tation of a given forco. Mr. Roid's argu .ment throughout is that tho matter should" 'bo viowed in a moro serious spirit, and that, expeoting an attack, wo should count tho' 'cost and make up our minds to moet it Uko mon ; hut it is a pity ho did not carry his in voatigation a littlo furthor, and givo some , practical suggestions aa to tho improvement ' of tho dofonco foreo wo nlroady havo. Under ltho head of "A Threatened Industry," Cap- tain R. D. Boostou complninB bitterly of tho Exeter-hall policy of tho Queensland Uo-_ vornmont towards tho sugar planters in that colony, and declares it to bo nothing but a political oxpediout-a bid for a class voto,' pure and simple. Several interesting papers .in connection with the Shakespeare Society 'recently formod in Melbourno uro published, ? and the number concludes with tho usual notices «f contemporary magazines, ARE Dora SOI-KIISTITIOUS ?-During tho last few years there have been many specu- lations in the London Spectator on tho mental powers and weaknesses of dogs, and very wonderful stories havo been told about thoso animals by various correspondents of the paper in question. lu all our accounts of ghostly appearances, the dogs aro at least as frightened as their masters, often tho first to bo frightened at tho advent of tho supposed ghost, and keenly alive to anything which has the air of boing supernatural. In a horriblo story which appeared in lilackwood'a Magazine a few years ago, tho climax is the finding of as norco mastiff doad with fright at somo horrible appearance, and, following a tra- ditional rule, a man goes mad. But, wo do not know whother tho question has over been raised as to whother dogs aro liable to tho superstitious fears which besot both young and old personB, which produco what is called " a creeping " fooling when thore is nothing visiblo to cauBO alarm, and whioh make men-the boldest-disinclined to onter places that have even tho nnmo of being un- canny. Wo have reason-very good reason -to believe that somo dogs, at all ovonts, shaio this feeling with their masters and mistresses. There is a houso towards the top of Macquarie-stroot, which has, some- how, got the reputation of being haunted, and many strange, and very incredible, tales aro told about it. Whether it is haunted or not hy "spirits of hell and goblins damned," wo shall ' not undertako to say, though we think that the chances aro that it is not possessed by any,', thing moro evil than rats, with, per-, haps, cats in addition, Howover, wa nave learned for an undoubted faot, that a_ largo dog, of a rather fiorco character, which is allowed to sloop in the house, has at times an invincible rcpugnanco to pass ona particular portionofthcBtnircaso.Horelreatsdownstairs with all tho marks of abject torror, although there is nothing visiblo to causo his alarm, and ho will not pass tho spot after dark un- less in company with at least ouo member of the household. Tliero is, also, a cellar under tho house which tho dog cannot be got to cuter at all, and, if one of the morn tors of the family goes into the place, ho stands at tho door and whines in most un mistakcablo distress. The question is, doos tho dog perceive something that the human beings cannot perceive, or lias ho heard talk about tho placo being haunted until ho has developed a fear akin to that of children who have been told foolish stories by silly nurses 1 , The view of tho ownor« of the dog is, that ha has heard the talk, or somehow caughtthoidca that tho place is haunted, as ho is so intelli- gent as to understand nearly ovory thing that is said, and comprohends the meaning of every movoment in tho houso. Wo merely state tho facts as wo havo learned them, and offer tho subject to the ingenious writers in, and correspondents of, the Spectator, as one upon which thoy may speculate with great satisfaction to themselves, ond, porhops, with some benefit to tho public of -Great Britain and tho /colonleB gonorally.. Ono possible explanation is, that somo mombers of the family havo Bhown fear at tho places named, and the conduct of the dog is tho result of sympathy, which is vory koon in all pottod animals of tho canino raco. i ExiiiiimoN-BuiLDiNO.-Preparations for the opening entertainment, of the season, which will toke plaoe to-night, wore, on Saturday considerably advaucod 'towards completion, and by tho.tlmo the doors open si-night to admit'the oxpectant crowd of visitors,1 everything will be in train for a capital evening's amusement. Tho manage- ment will, among other good arrangements,' issue a .programme, giving, not only the order of each attraction to ¡JO presented, but thq time at which each will commonco. In roferenco to Colonel Iko Austin's display of riflo shooting, it has been arranged that "a committee of local riflemen shall, as a pre- liminary, inspeot tho weapon and cartridges ho ubes, and thus make assurance doubly sure, if such nisuranco is noeded, that thero is no Bhadow of deception in tho marvollous feats ho accomplishes. * . ' . - MATTHEW'S WORLD CIRCOS,-Mr. George Lco,_ the agent for this circus, is buBy com- pleting arrangements for tho performances to be given here, and at Launceston. The circus is now travelling in New South Wales, ' 'en route for Edon, where thoy will omhark by stcamor Corinna, for Launcoston, arriving thereon the 17th iust. . ¡ HOBART ATIILETIO ASSOCIATION.-The lion, sccrotary was kept vory busy on Saturday afternoon and evening, receiving entries and acceptances for the various ovonts to bo competed for on Wednesday and Thursday, tho 19th and 20th Novem- ber, on tho upper cricket ground, and from the largo number of aocop , , tances, tho handicapped Mr. M, Higgins, must fool proud at the success atten- dant upon his latcBt production of handi- caps. Tho following are tho numbers for tho various events, viz. :-Maiden, 25 entries; Schoolboys (under 12), 8 ; Drapers and Grocers Handicap, 12 ; Champion scratch, 9; Bicylo Handicap (1 milo), 0 ; Hobart Athlo tio Association Handicap, 32 ; Scratch Mile, 8 ; Schoolboys (any ago), 9 ; Bicyclo Handi- cap (2 miles), 8 ; Association Hurdle, 10 ; Mile Handicap, 20; Milo Walking, 14; Ladies' Purso (440yds.), 15 j CaBcado Hurdle Raco, 8 ; Obstacle Raco, 8 ; Menagorio Race, 12; British Handicap, 30; Go-as-you-please, 12; Youth's Bioyclo Raco, 0. It was decided to give a special prize to tho competitor creating most amusoment in the Menagorio Raco. Only fine weather is needed to make this meeting even more successful than that held under tho auspices of the association in May last. , HORTICULTURAL SOCIETY'S SHOW.-En trica have heeu received for the numerous prizes offered by this society at their show, to be hold on Wednesday noxt, In the Exhi- bition Building. In our advertising columns It is notified that mein bera' tickets can bo obtained from tho lion, secretary, at his offico, next Westcott's Library, in Collins street. Exhibitors aro also reminded that their exhibits must be sent to the building not later than 10 a in. on morning of tho show. ACCIDENT.-A little fellow named Robert Bawn, two years of age, the son of a real- bent of Upper Goulburn-street, was taken to the General Hospital on Saturday, suffer- ing from scald wounds, received from falling into a port of boiling cabbage, Y.M C A.-Tho weekly temporáneo ontor "iuinont waa bold In tho abovo association's rooms lost Saturday ..ovoning to a largo audienco. 'lho chair was occupied by Mr. A. Ireland, who gavo a shoit intioductory address, oxplainmg tho benefits of > suoh inootlnga. Tho following piogramnio was ably suatainod :-Rooitatlon, by Mr. Nat. Barnott ; Baorod song, Mr. Conquost ; read- ing, Mr. ' G. Burgess ; song, Mr. Hy. A'autin ; reading, Mr. II. Marshall ; song, Mies Cramp ; reoltation, Mr. iHy. Cano ; reading, Mr. E. Haw80n ; MrB. Richardson gavo a short and oaruest address on tho ovil oonscquoucos of tho uso of alcohol. The Eart of tho aacompaniat was ably suatainod y Miss Marsh. Tho meeting closed in tho usual mannor, aftor which several signed tho pled go aud donned tho bluo. On tho previous ovonlng a meeting was held for the purposo of forming an Evangollstio Choir in connection with tho association. The acting sflcretary, Mr. Hy. Vautin, occupied tho chair, a fair numbor of members wero pre- sent, and tho following offices wero aocoptcd :-Mr. Huxlable, j mi., late of Auckland, conductor; Mr. W. ¡1. Barnott, lion, secretary. TASMANIAN CLUB.-Tho annual meeting of this club is announced to ho hold at tho club houso this afternoon, at 4 o'clock. SYDNEY FREE LIBRARY.-Tho Herald of recent dato thus refers to tho lending branch of the Freo Public Library of that city : " Originated as an oxporlment by tho tras- toca, it has boon found to mcot a want in tho community, and its steady progress is shown by the faot that, although started somo sovon yeal s sinco with only 1,000 volumes, ¡thaBhadanavoragoannual increase of noarly 2,000, and now posaoacs 15,084 volumes of carefully selected English literature, besides 4,037 uolumca of English letters patent, tho total being 10,121. Sinco January 1, 3,868 borrowers' tickets have boon granted, and 02,854 books ¡Bsued to Soptembor 30, the classification of subjects showing that a work of solid educational character is read for every ono of lighter literature, which IB a feature deserving of special uotico. Con- sidering, howovor, tho population of our I eity and suburbs, it Is somovvhat romarkablo that the bonoflta of tho library aro not moro largely availed of. A glanco tlnough ita catalogue rovealB a bill of faro ior an intel- lectual feast of no moan order, in which solid mental pabulum requiring calm diges- tion is relieved by sido dishes of poetry, humour, and miscellanea of attractive titles. There ia somothing to pleaao tho tastes Of all, and muoh lo elevate tho minds and ad vaneo t tho social BtatuB of tuoao.who are studiously inclined. It was specially inaugurated as a -freo institution to moot tho requirements of tho working CIOBB, but with slight exception they aro not tho pooplo who take advantage of its ErovisioiiB. Why ia It that, with BUCII short ours of labour as are tho rule among our artisans and handicraftsmen, so little atten- tion is given to mental improvement, as *tha returns of this library show 1 The benefits aro open to all, and tho regulations aimply requiro that books borrowed Bhall bo kept in good,order and returned within 14 days. \Vo regrot to learn that avon theso liberal régulations are not conformed to by a small section of borrowers, who occasion at times much annoyance to tho librarian and their fellow-readers by unduly dotaining the books, and oven in BOmo fow oiscs rendering themsolvca liable to heavy penalties by in- considerate or malicious damage to them. Detention boyond tho authorised time is an offenoo which may bo followed with orlminal prosecution at the discretion of tho trustees. But for writing In the books tho law ha« mado special provision ; and ono offender lound to,his dismay last week thet ho had placed himself in jeopardy to the extent of three years' imprisonment and ono or more Îirivato whippings. Several porsons have tad to pay heavily for theirlovoofscribbling, in one caso to tho oxtont of £1 5s. Id. The librarian states that it is not difficult to de toot tho oulprita." A PATRIARCH INDEE».-The following Is from the Jewish World:-"At Gtnabumora in the Bukowina, lives a Jow named Foival Meidlcr, who haa already attained the patriarchal ago of 117 years. Meidlor en- joys vigorous health and a splendid apetito. AB late as two years ago ho was in tho habit of taking exercise on horaeback, and to-day his spirits aro still good and his memory un- impaired. Mcidler has had sovon children, four of whom, two sons and two daughters, are still living. Thean children have pre- sented him with a total of 82 grandchildren. Tho number of his groat grandchildren can- not be OBcertaincd, as thoy aro distributed all over the Bukowina and Roumani«. Some idea of tho number, of his descendants may bo formed when it is stated that one of his sons, who to-day ia 87 yoaraof age, lias Bevon children, 30 grandchildren, aud 14 groat grand-children all living. Others of his children have aleo great grandchildren, and in one case, tho aged Paterfamilias findB himself at the hoad of fivo generations," A dividend of £1 por sbaro has been declared in tho Cornwall Fu o and Marine InsUranco Co., and will bo payable by tho ngonts on and after to-roorrow. 