BAPTISM OF TWO CHINESE CONVERTS. An interesting service was held on Sunday evening in St. John's Presbyterian Church, when two Chinese converts were received in the church by baptism. It had been hoped that the Rev. Professor Macdonald, the convener of the Heathen Missions committee of the Presbyterian Church of Victoria would have administered the ordinance, but his engagements elsewhere pre vented his being present. The large church was filled by a deeply interested audience, of whom 30 or 40 were Chinese converts, these occupying the pews immediately to the front of the pulpit. The Bar. J. W. Inglis preached an appropriate sermon from the text, Mark xvi., 15, •* Go ye into all the world and preach the Gospel to every crea ture,” dwelling upon the command given, and the motive power leading to its being obeyed, viz., the love of Christ to His people, and their love to Him. After the sermon he descended from the pulpit, taking his place on the plat form in front, where the baptismal font was ar ranged, and after a brief sketch of the work being carried on among the Chinese in the colony, and especially in Ballarat, ha referred more.particularly to the case of the two converts that night to be baptised. He stated that they had been under the care of Mr James Chue far some time, who had carefully instructed them in the truths of the Gospel, and that he himself bad examined them both as to their knowledge of Divine truth and their desire for bap tism, the result being the service now being held. After reading the statements which had been prepared by the two catechumens, ‘ in which they gave a brief sketch of their history and the circumstances under which they had been led to adopt, the Christian faith," ha called upon the Chinese present, who sang one of their own hymns to the tune of “ Martyrdom.” At the close of the hymn Sue Lam and Lum On stood forward, when Mr Inglis put the following questions to them:—l. Do you, Thomas Sue Lum and David Lum On, wish to bo received into the visible Church of Christ by baptism. 2\. Do you renounce alt your former idols, and do you promise to love and serve the living and true God only—the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost? 3. Have you given your heart to Christ, and are you trusting in Him alone for salvation. ,4. And do you now pro mise, relying upon God’s promised help, to live a holy and consistent life? these questions having been translated to them by Mr Chue and aatisf«otorily_ answered, Inglis then administered the ordinance or bap tism to thsm, offering up a solemn prayer, which ho commended them to the cate Almighty God, and asking for strength to given to sustain them in the profession n made. Another Chinese hymn having been so s by the converts present, Mr Chue addies Thomas and David on the special duties neoted with their reception into thoL.nurcn Christ, and nrged them to stand fast m the I • Mr Inglis then made a short appeal for he p aid of the erection of a new place of wor p for the Christian Chinese in Ball b the old one having become so u p dated as to be scarcely fit for u ! 0- Chinese had themselves contributed n J £3O towards this object, and the Heathen sions Committee of the Presbyterian V“ur promised £5O on condition that the bala quired should bo raised locally so as to °P . j chapel free from debt. He had R l ro j"l r r „. a ; (0 several subscriptions, and ho hoped to more, and trusted that the service in whi had.taken part would stimulate their > s liberality. He abo referred to Mr . labours amongst the Chinese in and arou .i en t larat, and his visits to the Hospital, Be , Asylum and Gaol, in all of which he sh earnestness arid devotedness to the 04 ~ Master. He bar’s grand missionary hymn, Greenland’s Icy mountains,’"was then a s a heartiness which showed how de P f people had entered into the spirit of “ and the benediction having been pr the largo congregation slowly d ' 9 P or3 chap a; collection taken up in aid of the Chinese i Fund amounted to £9-10s. 