? VICTORIA. ARCHDIOCESE OP MELBOURNE. HOLIDAY OP OBLIGATION. Thursday next, being the Feast of the Ascension, will be a Holiday of Obligation. DAT OP DEVOTION. Saturday, 24th May, being the Feast of the B.V. Mary, oalled Help of Christians, will be a Day of Devotion. THE BI8HOP OF ADELAIDE AT THE CATHEDRAL. The Right Rev. Dr. Reynolds, Bishop of Adelaide, preached at the eleven o'clock MasB at St. Patrick's Cathedral on Sunday last. There was a large congregation notwithstanding the inolement weather, and the Bishop's sermon evidently produced a deep impression. His Lordship's text was from the gospel of the day—"And when He is come, He will convince the world of sin." The Church, the Bishop said, keeps before the faithful the thought of the removal of sin, through Christ, during the period between Easter and Pentecost,BO that we might be prepared to receive the gifts of the Holy Ghost. He then pointed out the danger of not avoiding those sinB which too commonly were committed and thought lightly of because they were only venial. He illustrated the serious offence such transgressions gave to God by referring to the punishment inflicted on MOBBS when he donbted; on David for MB vanity, and on many others exalted by their true piety above other men. The Bishop then went on to show how, in the words of the Holy Ghost, " he that contemneth small things falleth little by little." To guard against this danger, we must have an ever-abiding horror of sin, and by sorrow and repentance gain the crowning gift of the Holy Ghost—fear of the Lord. His Lordship exposed the folly of postponing the adoption of a stricter and more religious mode of life to some indefinite future period. He did not wish to disoourage weak brethren, but, no matter how they flattered themselves for the preBent, suoh exouses would not avail before the tribunal of God. Our own consciences show to us the disparity between aots and promises of amendment, In daily life we feel ingratitude from friends more keenly than any other wrong. Do we ever reflect on our own ingratitude to God ? Venial sIn in many cases resulted from a want of Catholic spirit. Some Cathollos were ashamed to make the sign of the croSB before persons of other denominations. Excuse it as we may, suoh temporising was the outcome of oowardice. There were Catholics who feared to be considered ostentatiously pious if they went to ohurch on week days. They asserted they had no time for private devotlonB beyond, perhaps, the careless reottal of a few prayers in the morning, and in the evening they were too tired to pray with recollection. Some people who accounted themselves learned regarded the Holy Rosary as a devotion fit for the Ignorant only. The Bishop explained, however, Its beauty and wisdom, recounting how, in hia boyhood, the first view he had of Pius the IX. was when his Holiness was reciting the Rosary in a spirit of recollection and piety that produoed on him an impression never to be forgotten. His Lordship brought the sermon to a close by a fervid prayer that God would grant to all the spirit of true contrition. CONFIRMATION AT CASTIEMAINB. His Grace the Archbishop administered the Sacrament of Confirmation at Castlemaine on Sunday, to 303 children and adults. His Grace was aooompanled by the Very Rev. Dean Donaghy. FATHER MURPHY'S MISSIONS. Last week we announced the success of Father Murphy's mission in St. Ignatius' Church, Richmond. This week we have the pleasure of announcing the still greater success of his mission at Eew. Father Murphy said Mass every morning at half-past six, and preaohed immediately after the Mass. At 10 o'clock, Father Daly, the zealous and popular pastor of the parish, said a second Mass, after whioh Father Murphy again preaohed. Confessions were beard all day. At seven o'clock in the evening Father Murphy preaohed again, to a crowded audiecoo. On Sunday last the mission olosed with the solemn renewal of Baptismal Vows and Papal Benediction. There was not a single family in the district that did not profit by the Mission. Bat the grandest result is, that not a single child of Catholio parents Is now attending the looal State school, though very many were attending it before the mission began. The Indefatigable mlssioner, c o O t s b m besides his other labours, visited every Catholio family in the plaoe, and persuaded those who had children at State sohools to withdraw them, so that they might be able to receive their sacraments, and profit by the mission. If we had many more missions like this, there would be very few, if any, Catholio ohildren attending State sohools, and very few Catholics neglecting the sacraments or violating the precepts of the Church. CEREMONIES AT ABBOT8FORD CONVENT. The Devotion of the Quarantore, or forty hours' exposition of the Most Holy Sacrament, took place in the Convent Ohuroh of the Immaculate Conception, Abbotsford, last week. The devotion opened with Solemn Mass on Friday, 9th inst., and closed at 2 p.m. on Sunday. At the closing procession the BlesBed Sacrament was borne by his Lordship, Dr. Reynolds, Bishop of Adelaide. He was assisted by the Very Rev. Dr. Fitzpatrick, Rev. Dean England, Rev. T. Cahill, S.J., and Rev. J. Quinn. As the weather was unpropitious, it was found necessary to hold the procession within the precincts of the churoh. Oa Monday a beautiful marble altar, lately ereoted within the church, was solemnly consecrated by Dr. Reynolds, who, during the ceremony, which lasted about two hours and a half, waB assisted by the Very Rev. Dr. Fitzpatriok, Ven. Archprleat O'Meara, Rev. J. Quinn, Rev. J. Fitzgerald, and Rev. T. Cahill, S.J. The altar is a beautiful work of art, and Is very much admired by all those who have visited it, and refleots the highest credit on the distinguished artist whose work it is. The order for its construction was given by the Rev. Mother Prioress on the occasion of her visit about a year ago to the Mother House of the Order at Angers, .Franoe. It has oost over £400. ST. FRANCIS' XAVIER SOCIETY, CARLTON. The usual weekly meeting of this society was held In St. George's sohoolroom on Monday evening, 12 th May; thevioe-president, Bro. R. Laurie, In the chair. Messrs. H. Evans and J. M'Mahon were admitted to membership, and there were three nominations for membership. The resignations of Bro. D. O'Meara, as president, Bros. C. O'Connor and E. Laurie, as librarians, were aooepted. Bro. C. Fitzpatriok was eleoted president (unopposed), and Bros. D. A. O'Meara and J. Phelan librarians. The business of the evening —" Trial by Jury"—was than gone Into, and proved very amusing to the members. The meeting terminated as usual. VICTORIAN CATHOLIC YOUNG MEN'S SOCIETY. The district officers and members of this society assembled at ClementB* Caf6, at 3 p.m. on Monday last, to wish Mr. M. O'Hea, the district president, who is about to leave the colony for a short time for the benefit of his health, Ion voyage. Mr. O'Hea's health has been failing for some time, and in accordance with the instructions of his medioal adviser, he will visit the western portion of New South WalesBO as to escape the inolemency of the approaching winter season. An excellent champagne lunoheon was provided, and the ohair was occupied by Mr. Wm. M'Rae, of the St. Kilda branoh. The toast, " The guest of the evening," was proposed by Mr. Shortill, the district secretary, who referred to Mr. O'Hea's services in connection with the C.Y.M.S. since he joined the St. Kilda branch in 1878. His services in assisting the federation of the Catholio Toung Men's Societies under the presidency of the late Sir John O'ShanaBsy were also spoken of. The toast was drunk with aoolamation. Mr. O'Hea, in reply, expressed his surprise and gratification at the treat afforded Mm by the members, as he was not conscious of having done more than his duty in the past. However, he hoped to be shortly back amongst them and fully restored to health. The toast of " The district offioers" was proposed by the chairman, and responded to by Mr. Gleary, the district tteasnrer. The hairman then, on behalf of the members f the St. Kilda branoh, presented Mr, 'Hea with a valuable writing desk, as a oken of respeot and esteem. Several ongs of an appropriate nature were given y we members and the proceedings terinated. THE TAN YEAN CHURCH. A musical and dramatic entertainment, In aid of the building fund of St. Joseph's Church, Tan Tean, was given by the members of the Victorian Catholio Young Men's Soolety and their friends, at Morang, on Tuesday last. Owing to the extremely unfavourable state of the weather there was but a moderate attend* anoe. Miss Shlels, of Carlton, kindly acted as planiste, while Mr. G. Muilaly performed the duties of conductor. Songs were rendered by the following ladles and gentlemenMiss Sheridan, Suss Deely, and Messrs. Pennefather, FewieU, DAvU, and Muilaly. Aw amusing farce, named " Orlllolem," brought the enter talnment to ft oloie, the characters being taken by tbe following ladles atid gentlemen :-MUa B. Deely, Miss Om, and Moure. Sborilli; Mesne**, KuoWles. Jageura, Daley, and Nolan. The conoert Was followed by «social eVen!ag. After the conceit the petfortrifers and their friefads were regaled at an exoellent luncheon, tbe seoretkry of the committee performing tbe part of host In hit uaual ooutteous end satisfactory manher. GBELONO OATItOLTO tfotfNG MEN'S IiITSRAHY ASSOCIATION. The Mimic Parliament in oonneotion with this association held a sitting on • Friday evening, when the seoond reading of the bill "To provide for oapltal pttnishment, and for the suppression of crimeB common to thatelasaes of offenders known BB larrikins," was proceeded with, there being a full attendance of members. An interesting and animated debate took place. The Opposition attacked the bill vehemently, particularly the clauses relating to the use of the lash; and exoellent speeches were made from this side of the house by Messrs. J. A. Ryan, D. Kearny, J. P. Kerby, and J. J. Trait (Leader of the Oppoei- " tion). The measure was strongly supported by Messrs. Martin, H. S. Butters, J. Fergusson, E. P. Cabill, E. J. Molomby, and J. F. Rahilly (Premier). On a division being taken, it was found that tbe Ministry bad seoured 31 voteB, and the Opposition 27. The result was received with great cheering by both sideB. The bill was then passed through committee and its third reading. A hearty vote of thanks was passed to the following gentlemen who had so ably assisted in making the first session of the Mimic Parliament such a great suocess:—Messrs. P. J. Wallace (Speaker), T. P. Cabill (Olerk of the House), and H. P. Keenan (Sergeantat-Arms.) During the evening it was announced that Father Murphy and Mr. T. G. Way had given two splendid prizes for competition in elocution and composition. Five new memberB were elected, and a quantity of ordinary business was tranBaoted. BAIRNSDALE. (From a Qorresjxmcletit.J Ton will be pleaBed to hear that the art-union and bazaar held here to liquidate the debt on our church have been successful beyond expectation. The very handsome sum of over £800 has been realised. GEELONG. (From our own Corrtspondetit..) A large number of Catholio residents and several other friends assembled in St. Mary's sohoolroom on Tuesday even- . ing lBBt, for tbe purpose of presenting Mr. J. W. Wallace, who has been recently appointed to the charge of tbe PoBt and Telegraph Office at Queenecliff, with tokens of their eBteem and good wishes. The Ven. Arohdeaoon Slattery presided. The first present was the beautiful address referred to in my laBt letter. Mr. J. Kerley then presented a handsome gold watoh and chain on behalf of St. Patriok's Society, In recognition of the many and varied services he had rendered that body. The Archdeacon presented a beautiful writing desk from St. Mary's Total Abstinence Soolety. The other presentationBOonalsted of a valuable clock, from the Mechanics' Institute literary cIssb; and album from tbe employes of the looal Post and Telegraph Ofnoe; and tiro handsomely bound volumes from the Catholio Young Men's Soolety. Mr. Waliaoe replied in suitable terms to the eulogiumt that were showered upon htm from all quarters, and after the usnal compliments were exchanged, the assembly dispersed. • The members of St, Patriok's Soolety held their usual monthly meeting on the ' aame evening; Mr, J. Kerley, president, in the chair. The business transacted was of no importance. 