FATHER FOGARTY'S FRONT TEETH. A MYSTEBY, BY ROBERT P. WHIT- WORTH. " Ye don't believe in ghosts at all, then," said host Began, as we sat round the huge fire in his comfortable hbstelrie in Beeohworth, one cold dirty night last Jane. The day had been a wild and stormy one, as is frequently the case in winter - in that elevated locality, and we, a party of five, were glad to be sheltered •within the house, listening to the wind that came in shrieking gusts round the corners, and the heavy swish and patter of therain on the window panes. In accord with the character of the night, the conversation had taken a dismal and dreary tone, about acoidents, murders, bushranging and the like, and had at last drifted off into the subject of disembodied spirits. Some one, I forget whom, had avowed his thorough disbelief in such rubbish, as he called it. Hence HoBt Regan's question. . "I, for one, don't," I said. "I don't believe a word of it, neither in ghosts, nor ghouls, nor kelpies, nor banshees, nor wraiths, nor raw head and bloody bones, nor any of the crew, any more than I do in Jack the Giant Killer or Little Bed Biding Hood." "Well now," said Host Began, emitting a contemplative' whiff, " I'm not so sartain abont that. To be sun I never seen a ghost meself, but I've known thim as has, or said they, had. Father Doolan, of my parish, used to tell us it was all nonsense, bat my eld granny, rest her sowl, said many's the time she heard the screech of the banshee, and Been her too wanst, a woman in white, wrings ing.her hands, that faded away like the mist. I couldn't say for sartain, bjat if it wasn't a ghost or a sperrit that was" in Father Fogarty's front teeth, what was it ? " " Father Fogarty's front teeth," we ejaculated in surprise. « Ah, maybe ye never heerd the story. It was a most mysterious affair, bat IH tell it ye." And so Host Began, who was a droll funloving Irishman, ceremoniously re-filled his pipe, and not without a merry twinkle in his bright eyes, solemnly told us the story of Father Fogarty's front teeth. " It was a good many years ago'whin I was on the Rocky River diggings in New South Wales. Thim was the rough times, and many and many's the divil's own ructions I seen on that same Rocky Biver. It was about 1858 whin I was working there, and there was maybe about six or seven hundred min on the field. It was alluvial sinking, shafts and tunnels moBtly. Well, some o' the diggers was qniet enough, bat some was the dtal's own b'ys entirely. " There was a party of me own counthrymen, barrin they were from Tipperary and I was from Wexford, workin' at a place down the river called Kennedy's Creek, about fifty of them there wen, and at another place oalled Mount Welsh, on the other side of Post Office Gully, was abont as many Ulster min from Donegal. " These had all kem oat in the same ship, . and had. got quarrelling on boord, and if it wasn't that the captain had kep 'em below turn abont, then'd ha* been murdher aboord and worse. Anyhow there they wor, about a couple of miles apart, and kep' up the black blood feud bechune 'em, and if it wasn't for the rest of ns who wanted pace and quietness, and kep' 'em down by sheer strenth of numbers, there'd ha* been no livin' there. Even then I doubt if we'd have been able to keep ordher if it wasn't for Father Paul Fogarty. " Oh, Father Fogarty, ye wor a jewel of a praste intirely. Father Fogarty was the dargyman of the disthrio', stationed at Armidale, bnt most of his time he Bpint on the diggings, by rason of bavin' to move aboat from one place to another on the river, abont thirty-five miles in all. He was a tall burly man,: with tbe reddest nose I ever seen on mordal man, and two black eyes as bowld as a hawk's. - He kern to keep ordher on, the flel( odt, vmd l^^1iiim<>oI He'd a heart eoft as btitthier, and a fisht like a horse's hoof, fie'd tell ns our juty in a way would bring the wsther into our eyes, and persuade nsto do it with a thick stick. To the sick or the thmsk man he was a lamb; to the idle, the desolate, and the blasphemer, a raging lion. ' Shawn Brady avick,' I heard him say one day to a big Galway fellow that-was always quarrelling and fighting,' come here till I spake to ye. What's all this I hear about ye? Ye've not been sober for a week, fightin' and creatin' a rookawn day and night all the time, and tbe language you use I Holy Bridget, if s athrocious. What have ye to say for yourself ?' Brady stood sheepishly fingering the brim of his caubeen, and muttered something about having' the dhrop in.' '"The dhrop in is it? The dhrop in?' he roared, 'it's the dhrop that'll lade yer sowl to eternal perdition, ye gourmouge, ye omadhawn; and you not done a sthroke of work rinoe last washin' up, and your ould father and mother at Oraumore without the bite or the sup for all you care, ye ondutiful, blackhearted vagabone. I know ye. By this and by that I'll put-the cross bechune as, and thrash ye till your four bones ache. Down on your knees sir, and promise your praste to conduct yourself like a daoent b'y, or by the mortial, I'll do what I say;' and Brady done it, and then Bnaked away like a whipped hound. Still for all he ruled us, as one might say, at the point of his shillelagh; it would be a bad day for any one who had laid a finger on him, or insulted him, if we got to hear of it. Not that he couldn't take his own part, and .would too, -if. necessary. The bally of the oamp at the time was a gnat big Lankie, .who'd been a collier, and who was a perfect giant in strength and biutality. One day Father Fogarty, hearin' a row in the Pick and Shovel, wint In, and found the divil's own ructions goin on. There was this big fellow bad Bill Cross, who kep' the shanty, by the hair, .and hammBrin' him wid a pewtber pot bekase he wouldn't give him dhrink, and two or three others thryin' to pall him away. "•What's this?' says Father Fogarty; «clear oat o' this, every mother's son of ye,' pointin' »t the same time to the door. The others wint, bat the Lankie turned round and faoed him, shtill holdin' Gross, a little ohap, by the hair. "'Let go the daoent man,' said Father Fogarty', quietly, bat his nose twitching dangerously. "' Awll noan do that for thee noather,' said the Lankie, with an oath. . " The reply was a stinging cat across the cheek with his horsewhip. " The Lankie quitted his holt and rushed at Father Fogarty with the roar of a mad bull. * But the praste wasn't to be( caught like that. The shock was terrible whin they met, but what the Lankie had in sthrinth, Father Fogarty had in scoienoe. He gave him the inside crook, and the giant wint down with a orash that shook the rafthers; thin coolly dhragging out the insinsible form by the heels, he shied it into the muddy gutther. ' Tell that blagyard,' he said to some passers by, 'whin he comes to himself, that if he wants any more to come to Father Fogarty.' Bat it seemed he didn't want any mon, for he carefully avoided the praste for weeks, and was even, after he had left the Bocky, heard to ezpnBS his admiration for him. ' That theer Father Fogarty,' he would say, ' he're summat loike a p&'ason, he wur. By Gow, he'n the only mon 'at ever gradely fettlet Lankie Sam, an' chonoe it.' " As I've said, every mother's son on the field had a howly terror of Father Paul Fogarty's horsewhip, and it was a soight worth lookin' at to see sometimes on a Mon- day, for he'd ginerally come from Armidale on a Monday, whin a lot o' the fellows who hadn't turned to would be dhrinkin, an' risin' a rookawn in the camp, would Bee his bony white horse comin' over the rise. The word was riz in a minute, and you'd die laughin' to eee a soon or two of big, brawny fellows rushin' away to their holes like rabbits into their warrens. " How and ever, this lias nothing to do wid Father Fogarty's front teeth. As I told ye before, then was a party of about fifty Tips, working at Kennedy's Greek, and about the same number of Donegal men at Mount Welsh, and then was black bitter blood bedhune 'em. Well for one thing or another they'd had bits of scrimmages bechune them, but nothin' to hurt, beside a broken head or so, ontil early one Saturday momin', Misther White, the warden, and a fine daoent man he was, kem to me on the quite, an' siz he; * Began,' sez he,' I know your'e a quite dacent law abidin' citizen.' ' Its proud I am this day. to hear you Bay so, sir,' siz L ' Now,' siz he, • look at hen. The escort has gone to Sydney, and I'm left hen with only one constable. I'm inforrumed that the Tips beyant are coming in a body, after washin' up to-day to attack the Donegal min, an' I want you to help me to pnvint it.' ' But sir,' Biz I, ' what would I do to prevint it, and beside that if they want to fightit out let 'em, we'll have no pace till they do, and thin again, I wouldn't like to spioil sport.' ' I'm as fond of a bit of harmless sport aB yon are Began,' says he, ' but this means bloodshed, murder, robbery, the camp burned over our heads maybe. Will you help me to prevint it?' ' I will, sir,'siz I, ' if you'll tell me how.' ' Gome up to the police camp,' siz he,' I'll have a horse saddled for you on the other side the hill, then ride to Armidale as if the divil was afther ye, and bring Father Fogarty back with ye. Faith he's worth a whole army of throopers. Save yer horses at Uralla and <jome in through the bush to the back of the camp, so that nobody '11 seeye. An' may be we'li have some fan yet.' ' I'll go bail we will, sir,'siz I,'faixl can fancy I see.them all scuttherin' whin his riverence's red nose is to the fon.' " Well, I wint, and soon covered the twelve miles. I found the praste jaBt sittin' down to his brexwust. "' Save yer riverence,' siz I. ' < Save ye kindly,' siz he, ' sit down and take a snack.' "But whin I tonld him my arrant, you should have seen him. His eyes fairly blazed, and his red nose twitched up and down like a jack-jumper. "«Oh I the blackguards, the vagabcnes. Mono, won diavul. Heaven be bechune us and evil, if I don't break every bone in heir skins. Not a thraneen do I can for the best of them. Ohl I'll throance 'em. Oh I tne roarin', schamin', thievin' omadkount. Ohl the corse of Cromwell-r-Holy Bridget grant me patience—the poor benighted nathens— where's my whip?' "We were back before noon, having left our horses at the Uralla Hotel at Dangar's lagoon, and done the remaining two miles through the bush. Father Fogarty was ensconced in the police camp unobserved, when I left fretting and fuming like a caged tiger, and my absence had not been remarked, save by my mates, to whom I made some thrifling excuse. " I could not help laughing and chuckling to meself, as I pictured tor meself the- total rout of the contending armies, but wisely said nothin' to my mates whin they axed me what was I laughin' at, except, 1 Wait a bit, maybe ye'll see some fun soon.' "At about twoo'clock we knocked off, and by three the oamp was pretty full of diggers from all parts of the river, and I noticed that the Tips had all come armed wid sticks, while in many of their jumpers wen bulges that towld tales to me of that fearful weapon, the " stone in a stocking." " At about four o'clock the ruction began. The Tips, who had formed themselves into a body just above the police camp, raised a: sudden yell, and rushed forward with a shower of stones to annihilate their. unprepared foes, when the gate opened wide, and; oat marched Father Fogarty, horsewhip in'. ; i&^'atthim^ life. " ' Ye martherin' Chaves! ye graceless villains! ye rapparees 1 I'll tache ye; lU exoOm Howly Bidpup, bof s bat ?' " Bat, or that, as he meant to say, was an unlucky stone, oertainly not aimed at him, but which had sthrnck him clane in the mouth, knooking out two of his front teeth, and oomplately puttin' a full shtop to his eloquence. . " He roared, he yelled, he spat oat mouthfuls of blood and teeth, he danced, he tore his hair, he threw down his hat and jumped on it. I niver seen a man in such a tearin' rage, and what made him ten times worse was that he couldn't talk so as to make himself undherstood.. "' Oh! you burberib poumbibs, be pup of Pombib Ohl oh! ah I " I need hardly say the fan was over for that day. Father Fogarty was led back to the police camp amid respectful silenoe, the opposing forces were routed, but the haro of the day was disabled. " Av ooorse he couldn't perform mim the next day, as not only was his mouth swollen and his lip cut, but the loss of his teeth rendered him incapable of articulation. Some of the townspeople laughed when they heard of the accident, but as he was generally well liked, a subscription was soon nz to send him down to Sydney and get artificial teeth in. But here a new difficulty stood in the way. He positively refused to so. It was bad enough to be laughed at there, but to make him^if a laughing stock to the graceless people of Sydney, he oeuldn't and he wouldn't. Besides, as he said, ' Be peppard's plape wab wib hip plop.'. "'Fortunately, or anforfunately, just at this time, a dintist, a poor one, jbut still a dintist oame up to Armidale/and to him wint Father Fogarty lor relief from hiB woes. Now in thim days artificial teeth were not so common, especially id such out of the way * OnrWt meant " Same guipeat." places as l^ '^d^tei^r^ggings as they an now, was more in tiiis way than patting them in. . wgent, and promoted- by ^ ^ ^ i ^ ot goodjpay, the dintist undertokw^supply the missing incisors. he oould get themat i96QmSaod.irom some dead body, and ^that ^mg|BxAy: practicable, nor had he any^^iyiOT^SjSs'fliem^ of,nnlesB indeed a billiard 7 bi|L|ar/happy thought—yes, he had it. Thm'n^a.Bpare pairof dioe in the bar of the hbt^lih^re he sthayed, and ofthese he would nffijjfictnre the teeth. The landlord. 'gave. them.nji to him willingly enough, remarEnglftlhe time that they wen all that was left ^fJtetok Adams,, who had died on the Bod^Jofee . months before, and ripresenteda grog'sdoreoffour pounds three,, which Jack left owii&Ab; the grog score was gone the dice mia^itsas well go alter it, and they wereloadedwdiyhbW.: "Bat little aseairithedioe were as dioe, they came in admirably for Father Fogarty's front teeth. They wen out down, polished, fitted nicely on a gopldplate,and once more Father Fogarty rejoicedin perfect white and even front teeth,morewhite and even, to tell the thruth, than tbe originals had been. The dintist was happy, for he had been paid his bill. Father Fogarty was happy, bekase he could talk and ateonoemore like a rasonable Christian, and bis parishioners were happy, bekase their pasthorwas again able to prache to them, or maybe scpwld them. : " Now here the shtoiy as a matter-of-fact shtory inda, but here oomes in the mystarious part of it. Father Fogartv, worthy man, was not exactly an ascetic. He had always liked his tumbler of gunoh going to bed, and maybe his drap of .whiskey: <m a oowld wet day, a draw of the pipe, funidjjiaybe a quite rubber of whist, or a hand at spoil fiveor cribbage with a friend in an evening His language out of the. pulpit had occasionally been a little Bthrong, but niversaeh as could well be taken exoeption to, exoept'bythe|very fastiguoos. But now all this was changed. He felt an unaccountable and unconquerable longing which grew sthronger andsthronger on him every day, to visit the billiard rooms at the Wellington or the/Enemasons. Perhaps there was no great harrum in that, but whin it kem to betting on sthrokes, makin' one at pool, and talkin'th'e slang of the game, it grew noticeable. Thin, again, he seemed to fall unconsciouslyinto the habit of shmoking cigars, and even pipes, not only then, bat in the public sthnets. . 'He played loo, and onoe startled the frequenters of a public bar by proposin' a little fldtther at hazard for a fiver. Clearly something was wrong, but what was it?. He wouldn't tell. He was sorely exercised in his mould. He knew quite well what he was doin', and yet for the life of him he coaldn<t help it. He fought against the infatuation, but it. seemed to to overmashter him oomplately. " But matkhers grew worse and worse. One Sunday while sprm* mass he shoandalised his congregation by suddenly announcin' that he would •back the .field, bar one.' There was a dead silence, and his hearers looked at each other ominously. He stopped and wrestled with the evil spirit, for surely it was an evil spirit that had taken possession of him, bat em long Ins flock were still more schoandalised by hearing him assever with a terrible oath that he would * go a level pony on the little chestnut filly Ganymede.' Some of the congregation riz and left at this sacri lege, and the poor praste bowed his head to his pulpit cushions, and wept Thim who remained looked pityingly on their beloved pastor, who, afther-a paratse, riz and said—" My children, you are astonished, no doubt, but no more than I am* at "my ethrange conduct; but yon must site that I am eitbergoin' mad or that I am possessed of a devil, and HI lay you evens on either single, or five to one on the doable evint.' Bring in the bones—halfa- crown in, and the winner'shoots.' " These last extraordinary words wen wrong from hint. in r agony, as the beads of sweat on hiB brow plainly showed, and after ntterin' them he fell into an ecstasy of sobbing and prayer, mingled .with lewd and'profane exclamations. Men turned pale with terror, and women shrieked, some fainted, as rising from his Imeeshe shouted in sharp, thrilling tones, 'And nowTll shake any one in the crowd for drinks all round.' " Clearly Father'Fogarty was mad—stark, starin', ravin' mad* Or was it poerible that the devil still had power on earth to enter into the htunan frame and utter blasphemies like these. "He was led to . his bouse by some of his sorrowing fiook, and a message despatched off to Maitland, where his superior was, informing him of the sadoccurrence. " Another clergyman was sint up, but Father Fogarty grew worse. The language he used was somethm' awful to hear, and the doethor oould do nothin'for him. " The heart-felt prayers of his congregation, aye, and of every other congregation, for he was well liked by all, wen offered dp, but in vain. " He was BinsiUe enough, and, poor man, knew well, too well, what he was doin'. His heart was bruk. ' Yes, he was possessed of a devil that woald not, and .oould not be driven out. "Bat one day, as he was rampagin' as usual, talkin' about horse racin' and cock fightin', and gambliri', and all kinds of spoort, and calling for brandy smashes and gin cocktails, andotherxnurdherin' dhrinks, sun, a sthrange thing happened. Fathbb Fogabty'S fbont TKKTU IELI, OUT. " In a moment th^te was'« change. " Father Foga.rty was Father Fogarty again. No longer the fotdriQbn^ied, fiend ridden, gamblOT, the .driidaqi^ •iearin', swearin' reprobate,bat «axneBt servant of God hehadl>eeit^>efoiB his sthrange Wettone o^ns ^TO the problem, and oould only confess, witii Hamlet that—if the story were true—then are Sodeed more things in heaven and earth than even we dreamt of in oar philosophy. ~ 