LETTERS TO EMINENT PERSONS. (The World.) to the bishop or ruTiütnonocGir. My food Bishoprics light mule standing of the vigorous mci characteristic speech which you dear tied on the Church of England in her puhmionttiy petitions from your place in the House of Louis, more knowledge of vom e seen an insight into your temper unto me necessary) til in your cities seem to possess It is absurd to lose one of these gentlemen grant it a liking that your sentiments reflect the conviction of the immense majority of the moderate clergy) of the East blishment, to her mother protesting that your words are idnecljjlti for the separation of Church and State to be told by a thud that the ring of a deep solicitude for the welfare of the Anglican Communion is audible in every) sentence that you uttered for met with your Lordship's etc for the ridiculous, there must be some thing equally di oil and despicable in these com- enjoins all attitudes of the Press to me, as) Lord bishop, designate taste of your 01 nation is very different Youl oratorical display) in the House of Louis last week was in gasfitter, but it was not put in It was not the 1 nigh ages which could not been used by a Bishop who was on his promotion, 01 whose v lion was fixed hopefully) on L Lambeth 01 York It was a rather a rhetorical illustration of the feat known amongst certain tribe of savages us a running amuck It was a line outpointing of contempt, disgust, Indignation, and disappointment The spe taken w as-to every one who had sent to her and eyes to see a man conscious of great cap duties which had never found made of the sphere for their display, of high ambitions never come parted) learned, of his own innate stope sent) to those with whom in his social and professional intercourse he has been brought into tout ill I mi filled with the union, of) Lord Bishop, in the intrepidity with which you filled it e\ei>thing-b) the daring with which you leductdevci) sign tutor, for or against an established Church, to an assault) Both political parties in the State, both Houses of Parliament, Ministers in general, and "Mrs G Lidstone in particular, were denounced, not indeed openly), or with a fishing instant, but with more bitterness and veneered i records the impression which the whole fleet leaves upon the mind is one of regret that a man capable of such things, and endowed with such powers, should be doomed to a second the position If the spirit of Disi rich, haunting the Chamber what his last public after ince was he and, In ad listened to your speech, it must have recognised the same power, etiibtUeted though that power eyes by personal eli grin, which impressed the statement when he was still in the flesh, and when, fifteen years ago, he listened to the sermon preached by) you in Dublin Cathedral which caused join transformation from Dean of Cork into Bishop of Ptteihotottgh He discusses Ishmael of the Irish Church was looming in the distance, and you intend) selected is one text the words from St. Lukes Gospel, " And they beckoned unto their sittings which were in the other ship that they should come and help them. It was one of the cleverest political homilies ever delivered from pulpit It was in ipptd to churchmen in England and to make common cause fuse with Chuiehnitn in back and in less ing the in sign mt policy of Ali Gladstone The late Lord D.ibbs, accompanied by) Mr Dist tell, sit close by, md, users distrust concluded, and while you were uttering the find benediction, whispered in the end of his health at, " We must In the that man in the House of Lords In less than six months a it was found for you on the Episcopal Bench 'shortly) after meals you justified join promotion by one of the most powerful speeches produced during the whole debate against the Minister of Bill The man who made such a debut in Pu haunting night line reasonably hoped to achieve the highest promotion lit the Church. Hitherto your rise had not been rapid. The foundations of your fame as a pulpit. had been laid at Bath and the Octagon Chapel, thanks to the prestige of your ministrations, became the most fashionable of Anglican conventicles in that effete watering-place. Thence you were translated to Quebec Chapel, London, and thence to an Irish deanery. If at the commencement of your career you had chosen the Law instead of the Church, you would long ere this have attained the dignity of the Woolsack. With rare force of intellect you combine extraordinary clearness and precision. No technicalities confuse you, and no perplexities puzzle. With a facility which never falters, and an aim which never fails, you seize the essential points, and develop or demolish them, as the case may be, with a wealth of language and illustration more choice and cogent, I think, than is possessed by any other of the public speakers of our day. Thus it is that you can equally convince the few and persuade the many. But though you were entitled by your abilities to fill the highest official position in the economy of the Church of England, it may be doubted whether you are not cast in too secular a mould for the episcopal office, as that office is understood at the present day. You have my Lord Bishop, been born out of due time. You belong properly to that era of political prelates of whom Atterbury was an ornament, and amongst whom Swift sighed for a place. You are more than a militant Churchman. You are a militant layman as well and it would be possible to trace a striking analogy between the great Dean of St. Patrick's and yourself. There is the same provisions indignation in you both: the temper of Swift waiting for ecclesiastical promotion, and of your lord- ship dissatisfied with the promotion you have received, is almost identical. Men of comparatively mean abilities and acquire- ments have been preferred to you, as they were to your predecessor. There belongs, indeed, to you a power of decorous self restraint which Swift did not possess. Your splenetic outbursts, such as that in the House of Lords last week, were not dis- figured by any of the verbal brutalities or indecencies which mar the pages of Gulliver ; but if one brushes aside the accidents of expression, which are really little more than the results of the changed conditions of the time, it will be found that you have your full share of the spirit of Him whose estimate of human nature is recorded in his account of the Yahoo. I venture to think that if you were to commit to paper your re- flections on the appointment of Dr. Benson to the Primacy without reserve, they would bear a close family relationship to some of the most bitter and indignant passages in the " Tale of a Tub." Your speech of last week was conceived in exactly the same vein as "A Short Way with Dis- senters," and might, indeed, be entitled " A Short Way with the Church of England." That you were qualified to be Archbishop of Canterbury may be doubted. You lack the tolerance of stupidity which is called charity, the indifference to hypocrisy which is dubbed forbearance, the faculty of acquiescing in what you denounced as " make-believes," that are essential for the official chief of an institution which, really the creature of the State, made by Parliament, and liable at any moment to be un- made by Parliament, with no independent authority of its own, with a Convocation that play at being so legislative assemblage, pre- tends to be an autonomous spiritual power. " Hatred of make-believes," to use your own words, my Lord Bishop ! Why, the Establishment which pays you £4500 a-year is the greatest make-believe of the page. Perhaps before Dr. Benson passes away from the office to which he has been nominated he may have made this clear to the world. Nov yourself, you might not have made it better Primate than the ecclesiastic preferred to you, but you could scarcely have made a worse. His consciousness of being passed in the race of life by men who cannot be complied with you for ment d son of 61 eloquence is answerable for much of that bitterness which found expression iii) our latest out burst in the House of Louis In Di Leuson Ott probably) recognise a successful schoolmaster, whose exterior presents a solid in0 resemblance to Mr Oscar Wilde said to Mr Hearn inn Ye, in Each age seems to hue peculiar Eccles tactical physiognomy) of its own and the cast of toten men which is the one with the Anglican dignitaries of our Ocnuation is a mixture of that which we associate with the stage pi i) el md the professional residents It may be that if Nature had gifted you with a different order of face is well as with t mind more told me of shams most patient of mediocrities more charitable towards successful imposture, you might have eclipsed Archbishop 1 houison himself You will remember that when the last named Pam lit, on his promotion to the northern province, mentioned to Bishop Wilberforce and a cut in little interesting domestic incident was the enviable prognostic of a fresh step in his ecclesiastical promotion Wilberforce replied that no repetition of the event was devoutly) to be deprecated for, he said there is out) two pieces of promotion t possible for you, in) Level At chbishop-Cmteibuiy md heavenward I fear that you are not yet quite fit for either you h use said net a few things quite as good is on of the most of Wtlbci force Yet each is a sale of good things you have been active ed the reputation which is your duty You this) tie your self par is) to be one When the Bishop of Winchester passed away you endeavoured a little too silent seriously to fill the soil is pi ice which his demise had left circuit But Wilberforce enjoyed opportunities and conditions which never fell to your lot He had received in education, and he had connections winds, from earliest placed him in the best society, and seemed him the favour of powerful pinions You, on the other hand, on) Lord Bishop he regarded by English society) as something of an alien You lick the traditions of CKfot For Gun budge, and how being issued the value of these may be exaggerated, they are still worth much to an ecclesiastical ason uit A Prime Minister, to whom Oxford and its tin mung areas in tegral a part of his intellectual being is is the -case with Mr. G Stone feels a certain distance of one who has not come within the circle of the same or of cognate influences Between Mr G Stone and Wilberforce there was an identity of early association md of theological sentiment which smoothed all political differences to join Mr Gladstone sees the political Bishop, who is also a political opponent, and with whose antecedents he li is no sympathy) The attitude of the polite world to your lordship Owner ill effects that of the Prime Minister Under these on an inst meets it is not to urge that you should seek relief in such compelled sue Ultu imitations as you utter ed last week but then significant should be missed by the world at large is not surprising for, of the distinguished men of the present) who are still refers to their country men, you, my Lord Bishop, are the most egregiously misapprehended of the Kosmos iNDicsAM learns Sure these papers is fools! Lower animals can live without Btimulants'i Were not lower animals While all the difference betwixt me and a pig? He shrinks watched an Of distinct s whisky J line 3 and P Ghosts do not use wife dr rugs or nostrums in your families but use pure Hop Bitters See and read 