I; INTERCOLONIAL. SYDN15Y, I' A WW wlliuh toflacla Rroftt orodit npon n iawobwkcr" camo baforo tho Water Folioa Ooort yosterdny Afternoon. A Ohinamau who I'fcwiBlolon a quantity of jowoltory took a watch I a. with Lewis Samuels. Tho nownb.'okor K :fiodicR tho watch boro tho nrnnbar of tlu on a itcpnloJ to havo boon stolen, kept paesowion lU tbonrticl-nmd walkod the Chinaman off to Ikliolcck- ui), "lion ho was nrrontod Tho care |Ln3romanJi>d until Tuesday iu oonsoqnonce B |of tho prolocutor, anothor Ohinninat),dooliuing I ,'(0 give ovidonco ngaimt a brother colcrtial. l.j Tho ltoy-il Socitly' Qouversnziouo, hold in ilho Great H »11 of thu University last uight,wns crowded. Tho Govornor and Lady Iioftusnml Btbo Frironto woro present. Tho exhibits were livery numerous and iutovestinp, but iu como- j-queuco of tho crowded atato of tho ball it wn i Dspoosible in eco thorn properly. II NcwahnBbieo received from Auckland t I tbo effect that tho New Zonlaud FarHainon- fltary Comuiiiteo has ropoitod in favor of liSir Joliun Vcgol'a South Son Com IJpaoj'fl B'll The moasuro proposes tho II creation of u company to dovolopo tho trndo I botweon Ho S./uth Sealelando and Now Zju- I I land sod to promoto civilisation, odnuntion bj knd| industrial omploymont iu tho I j idAods. It givoa powor to acquire | hods and voibois for oommeroial purposes. Bj Tha capital i fixed at ono million pounds in 110 (hnroo. Of tho shares 20,000 oro toba referred for New Zealand, and a liko II oomber for Knglacd, Frnuco, Germany, and II Amorico. Tower is Riven to issue bank I cctea not (xeqeding tbo amount of the un- 1| called cflpitnl. It is oho providod that Now 1 Zealand riuill guaranteo a subsidy not to ox If ceed £IO,CCO per annum to moko up a dividend El cot exceeding ft pir cont. per annum upon tho Eg paid up capital. Kj Tbo dead body of a nowly-born fomalo IS infant wan found by a lighterman IM earned CloorRO Bennett, yesterday oveuiug» II floating in tho water at Neutral Bay, Tho In body was covered in light flannel, which also Kg cndOErd aix poundB woight of ahoot load. Thoro Kg woes cut an inch on length in tho left side of If tbo bead, nnd a punctured wound over tho loft Eg temple. The body had apparently boon in the Eg w&U; ton days, B A groom named William Nicholla was rid |i icg along Oxford stroet this morning, when H ho odlidcd with a tram train. Nicholla |j throw himself elf tbo horao and foil rJ violently ogainst tho kerbstone, broaking his koeo cap and otherwise seriouely injuring rj Iiiosolf. Two lads, agod 1-1 and 12 yoars,woro ohargad f:| with burglary at tho Obntral Court yostorday, d aud wero oummittod for (rial, (t KiogTawhaio has poetponed his departuro aotil Thurfday next. J Tbo l'rcinier is gradually recovering, but it is tbooght thnt sovoral wooks will olapeo boforo J; bo will bo ablo to loavo his bedroom. Oom j ploto mental and physical rest aro enjoinod | by Mr Stuart's raodical advisers, j All tbo patienta at tho Quarnntino station :J sro progiofsing favorably Tho Govornmont ;> tukcuu iu Kvup mem vuoro inuuu lougur vuau ia dono in Melbonruc; in foot, until tho skin is quite clean. Tho amounts of tho iasuranco effooted on lbs stock of Moasrs DoliiBa and Phillips is X4000 in tho Viotcrian Company, and L1000 in tbo Victorian Allianoo. Tho building was i&surodintho; Livorpool London and Globe, tho Norwich Union and tho United Com ponies, Tho Church o! England Synod yesterday passed a voto of thanks to tbo hon. J. Camp bell, M.L.O., for his mognifioontgilt of £10,000 towards tbo endowment of tho proposod dicceso of Riverina. A heavy thunderstorm accompanied by tor rents of rain occurred this morning. In tho Frovinoial Synod yostorday, Canon Sclwjn said tho Church of England was obliged to . go to Parliament for powor to deal with oburch property. Ho afkod if it wore worthy of (bo Ohnrob of the Living God to go for approval of what it docs to men wh do not oven invoko tbo aid of tho Holy Ghost at their deliberation!?, Tbo bishops yostorday camo to tho oonolnaion that thero in need for gonoral registration in regard to Ohuroh of England cemotorioa in tho colony. Mr Timowell, tho Sydnoy faloyolirt, has reached Glndttone. and loft for Rockbnmpton. Wlion ho roaohos tho lattfr place bo will havo completed a rido of a thousand miles, ADELAIDE. Tho Legislatlvo Council yostorday adopted Mr Hardy's modified motion for bettor accommodation being provided for oooan going ahips 'in tbo oatsr harbor, Some members disclaim tho bonojfidos of tho Ooean Dook sobeme, saying tho company is not yot floated in London, and tho Govornmont havo not yot granted a slto. Tho pastoral iobbcgb on tho Quoonsland bordor oro petitioning tho Govornmont to construct a railway to Birksvillo. ADELONG. Tho usual monthly escort loft this morning With 922oz. lfidwt. 8gr, 