THE LAND QUESTION AND HOLY SCRIPTURE. TO THE EDITOR, Sir— I do not think any end will be answered by my entering the lists of con troversy with the Eev. W. T. Carter on the Question whether the science of nolitical economy unaenies tne teacnmgs oi iaitn in any part of the New Testament, but I must crave space to be allowed one or two obser vations on his letter of to- day'e issue. Mr, Carter thinks me incompetent to judge on the above question, because, as he sayB, I confessed to knowing nothing about political economy. But 1 did not make this con feBBion. I said that I was not 'apolitical economist,' which, considering the tortuosi ties of that intricate science, I might well acknowledge without implying that I did not know what it is, or was liable to mistake it where found for something else. And I say deliberately that political economy or any thing touching upon the land question is no mere contained in that passage in the Sermon on the Monnt, upon_ which Mr. Webster baBes his remarks, than is a treatise upon botany or the art of spinning or of baking contained therein. It is evident that the whole pas sage, with its varied illustrations, is an incul cation of entire trust in God under all the circumstances of this mortal life, a rising superior to external conditions through faith, whereaB Mr. Webster makes it deal mainly with external conditions, and to be an in culcation of the principle ' let each one look keenly after his own interests.' I allow that the tendency of the Gospel if it had iree scope woud be so to distribute the possession of material good as to adjust many in equalities and wrongs that cow exist among men. But this I conceive is not its main object. And to use and handle its message as if this were the grand purpose of it is, 1 verily think, not merely a lowering but a perversion of its aim. I believe not only that the Kingdom of God can come down into this world, but that |it has alreadv come, and that instead of being better or supposed better materially regu lated conditions between man and man, it is righteousness, peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost, I am, Sir, &c;, WiLLM. B. ANDREWS. December 4. -. 