CHAPTER THE THIRTEENTH. When Deborah awaked, old Marjory was sitting watching over her ; the sun was still glorious on die woods outside, but die chamber was left in grateful gloom. She could not nanny distinguish he lather s picture ; but soon clear and distinct through die gloom, laughed out die boyish face of Charlie. Charlie? What bad Charlie done? Mute and still, De borah looked up at her old nurse, while die darkness of reality dawned on her wakening mind. 'Thou'rt ill, child,' said old Marjory abruptly. ' What makes you think so, dame ?' asked Deborah faintly, ' Why, thy face betrays thee ; it is as white as my apron, an' thine was a sleep o' sorrow. I know it. Thou'lt eat sonieat now, an' no nioreo' these airs.' ' Have you no message or letter fir me Marjory? What are you hiding there?' and Deborah raised herself in feverish excitement. ' Why it's a letter diat'll keep, I 'warrant' me, my Lady Deb. It's from die old man at Lincoln.' ' Give it me, Marjory, and leave me, dear old dame. I wish to be alone.' So Marjory left her ; but soon the old woman was knocking at the door again widi with food and wine for Deborah. She found her sitting on the chair white as a ghost, ' Oh child, thou'rt faintin' for good vituals ! There ! eat and drink like a Christian. Why, bless thee, Lady Deb, dear, I know the master's in his old quandaries. But don't take on, my Rose.' ' Dame, come and comfort me. Pray, take that food away. Let me lie my head and thy old breast. Thou'rt a mother to me, Marjory — always wert. Dame, I've no dear mother !' The dame took her darling in her arms, and rocked her gently to and fro, with the toil hardened old hand stroking the girl's silken hair, and her grave old face laid against it ' No ; thou has no mother, poor lamb, worse for thee.' ' It's hard to know right from wrong, Mar jory ; but I am quick to decide, and once decided, never falter. I try to do all for the best.' *I know it, I know it. But child, My Lady Deb, have no dealin's with that old man Master Sinclair. He's a demon. ' Hush ! or give the demon his due, Mar jory. He has been land to my brother Charlie,' ' For what ? We all know it ; all Enderby know what he's after.' ' That is no concern of Enderby's. I hate this gossip. Look you, dame, if I choose to wed fifty such, it is no concern of Enderby's. If I did wed Master Sinclair, it would be of mine own free will ; let all the world know dial.' * But thou'lt never wed him, dearie !' cried die old nurse, in tremulous breathless haste. ' I do not answer you Yes or No ; but I am my own Mistress.' 'Too much so — ever too much so,' muttered Marjory below her breath. * What say'st thou, Marjory ?' ' That thou wantest a strong kind hand over thee, bein' too headstrong by half. I wish Master King was here ; he'd advise the !' ' Best not,' said Deborah, with quick breath of pain. ' Let ' Master King' attend to his affairs. Each one has his troubles.' Nurse, love me ! I have need of it. O that I were a little tiny child again, when, in afiright or in distress, I wrapped these arms o' thine about me ; and they would seem to shelter me from all the world ! O that thou wert magician, fairy, to give nie my childhood back 1 I was happy flieu.' 'An' not now? Whst ails my bright bird? Is it Master Charlie ?' * O Marjory, don't speak of that. Look you at his picture ; look there ! Could those fear less eyes ever turn aside in shame or dread ? Would Charlie with all his faults, ever bring dishonour en us ? Tell me that ?' 'No, never.' The o!d face turned white, but did not flinch ; Marjory believed in the honour of her wild boy, as in her own soul. ' All, Marjory, nurse, my darling ! How I do love thee ! No ; never believe that any but a black liar would ever accuse Charlie Fleming of a mean low act. Wild, reckless he may be, but dishonourable, never ! Ah, my love, my comfort, our true and faithful friend, ek believe in Charlie Fleming !' ' Where is my boy ?' asked the old woman, with troubled tears in her eyes. ' Why don't he come to Enderby ? They will say strange things o' him if he don't come home. Oh, he'll break his father's heart by being so wild ; but it's his father's blood that's in him.' T'And his mother's too, for tiiey say our sweet mother was a mad, mad lass. Dame, who was she ? What was my mothers name ?'? The girl gazed straight at the old woman till Marjory's eyes fell, and the girl's fair face was flushed with crimson, ' I have never asked you,' she said, ' not since I was 'a child ; but who was my mother, dame ? Prithee, tell me. Ah, say not there was shame ! Poor and honest, I care not ; but nought of shame.' 1 No, my Lady Deb, n.i ; nought o' shame. She was the child o' wedded parents, I promise thee ; she was lawful wedded wife, thy mother ; but if I was to tell thee who she was, Sir Vincent would strike me dead. I cannot tell thee : there's my faithful promise given, not.' 'I will not ask ye then. One day I will — must know. Does Charlie know ?' ' AVer from me or his father. Bat no one knows what Master Charlie knows.' ' There's my father calling me ; I must go good-bye, dame. Pray for me.' Deborah went down to the hall. Sir Vin cent got up and met her. He shut the door carefully, and led her to her chair; he sat down opposite her, and screening his eyes from die light with one great sinewy hand, gazed out from under its shadow, as if he would read his daughter's soul. For her part she gazed at him with all her great and tender soul in her eyes, her own despair forgotten in her father's There was a 'long silence be tween them, each gazing on the other, sorrow stricken and speechless. 'Father,' said Deborah softly dien, 'sweet father, have I not done thee some good ? See ! here's the letterfrom Lincoln ; and in three weeks I shall be Master Adam Sinclair's wife. It is my duty, father, my free choice. My heart is very strong. Sweet father, thou'rt sad still, ay, even heart- broken ; I know thy face so well ! I have saved Charlie. Listen ! This Master Sinclair puts every thing In my power, makes me absolute mistress for all he has. My first act will be to save us from ruin ; Charlie from ruin too. But tell me what more there is ? What serpent wronged Charlie falsely? ay, falsely, for before heaven, father, I would swear that Charlie has done no dishonour ! Sooner would I doubt my own soul dian his. He is incapable of doubt-dealing, he is incapable of all meanness and dishonesty. To doubt him, to believe him for one moment diat he could act dishonourably, is to believe diat Charlie Fleming is not the son of thine and mother's ; that this Charlie Fleming is not the boy who has grown up under thine eyes and oiine ; graceless, truly, but the very soul of honour. Even the masters at his school, his :onirades who knew him best, have done him justice in calling him honourable and true. Then doubt him not for one moment '.' Under the fire and sweetness of her faith in iier brodier, Sir Vincent waxed wan, and his 5erce eyes grew dim widi sadness. Laying one hand upon her hands, and shad ing his own face still, he whispered brokenly : ' Believe on — hope on. Sweet child, Sweet Deb, my brave best one,*I must confide in thee, Jr my old heart will break. This boy — diis wn, in whom I trusted — Ah me !' and with iis clenched hand on his brow and his eyes raised to heaven, die father gave a deep and . jitter sob — ' has betrayed me — his father !' iVidi a strange hoarse eager whisper, and eyes hat gleamed like a madman's, Sir Vincent eaned forward and uttered those words to Deborah. She, white, still, waited without a vord for more. ' I have seen the papers — \dam Sinclair holds them — by which that boy jf mine lias anticipated my death, and raised noney upon Enderby, his writing — his name Charlie Stuart Fleming. Adam Sinclair has' ;ot those papers out of Parry's hands ; and by marrying tiiee, my fairest and my best, he buys those papers of Parry and destroys their shame ful purport But Deb — does' diat wipe out die stain? Does that blot out die fact diat dial boy mine, deceiving and betraying me — ay, cursing my lengtiiened life, and hungering for the old man's death — has got a hound to raise t!ie money? Ay, that hound has in turn be trayed him into Sinclair's hand ; and Charlie Fleming's black-heartedness in hid bare to him and me.' ' Have ye seen those papers, father, widi your very eyes ? And Charlie's writing?' ' Ay, Ay,' Deborah panted, terribly white and wild she looked, with her bands pressed on her side. Sir Vincent kneeled down beside her and laid his head upon her shoulder. Bitter, bitter was that hour. 